" a officer and a gentleman " by Douglas Day Stewart final draft April 13 , 1981 fade in : ext . manila airport - full shot - day a philippine Airlines passenger plane be arrive and touch down . angle - the plane a 13 - year old boy start down the ramp , a suitcase in one hand , a old photo-strip in the other . he study the strip closely as he search the face of the people greeting the passenger . close - the photo strip a handsome sailor be neck with he girl in each of the three shot . close - the boy look around . he eye fall on a sailor it 's the same sailor from the photo strip , only about fifteen year older . if he be in he early twenty then , now he 's in he mid-thirty . he 's in the uniform of a 1st class petty Officer . he search the face of the descend passenger , very uncertain and uncomfortable . the boy and the sailor come together very , very tentatively . the sailor , byron mayo , extend a hand to young zack . byron you , Zack ? zack yes , Sir . byron I be Byron . Nice to meet you . ( awkwardly ) c'mon . let 's go get you luggage . they head off together . ext . the airport parking lot - day Byron and Zack step aboard one of the colorful jeepney that manila be famous for . we move with the jeepney as it leave the airport and start down the highway toward olongapo . the boy be frighten but he 's also excited by the strange , super - chrome and ornately - decorate vehicle he 's riding in . they be not alone in the small bus . ten or more filipinos ride with they , some in suit and tie , other in the rougher attire of farmer . one old woman carry a big cage on she lap with a squawk flutter chicken in it . byron take that coat off . this be the Philippines . he help Zack out of he coat . byron ( make conversation ) how be the flight ? they take care of you okay ? Long way from norfolk , be not it ? zack yes , sir . byron listen , kid , I be sorry to hear about you mom . that 's pretty rough . I would have return you call a lot sooner but I be out at sea ... zack I be call for four month . byron well , that 's how long I have be out at sea . ext . the road to olongapo - day the jeepney have only two passenger now , Byron and Zack . a roadside sign read : " U.S. naval facility , subic BAY ... 12 mile . " ext . the honky - tonk sailor town of olongapo - day known throughout the seventh fleet as the armpit of the orient , olongapo be one , long rain -rutte street of gaudy bar and rattan- wall whorehouse . countless jeepney careen past with they silly fringe awning and chrome accoutrement , many fill with U.S. sailor boy and officer on liberty . Zack and Byron 's jeepney enter shot and stop in front of the noisiest and raunchiest bar on the strip . byron this be it . this be where I live . moving with zack and byron camera favor the boy as they head for the entrance of the bar , Zack take in the kinky street activity : " beenie boy , " small bone filipino boy dress up as exquisite young girl , hustling trick on the sidewalk while they sister lounge in the doorway of place like " California dreamin ' " and " the Manhattan Club , " in nipple - show tank - top , lick they lip . int . the raucous bar - day camera continue moving with Zack and Byron as they cross through the noisy bar toward a stairwell at the back . navy enlist man be make out openly with bar girl and Zack even see one little girl stick she hand right down the front 40 of a sailor boy 's pants . Byron glance at the boy , a little embarrassed by he dig . Zack be stare at every girl he pass , nervous but a little excited by it all , too . byron if I be in port more , I would rent a better place , but this work out okay . they start up the stair . int . byron be room - day they walk in and find two semi-naked prostitute lie on the bed . Zack 's eye be as big as silver dollar . byron I think you girl be gonna do some shopping . ( give they money ) tiki , Maria ... I want you to meet my son . the girl giggle as they hurry into they clothes and leave . Byron close the door . byron this be it . this be where I live . I suppose you could bunk over there and you could go to school at the base . zack great . byron I be not finish . I will only be in port one week a month and when I be here you would never catch I play daddy with you ' cause it 's not who I be . like I tell you on the phone , you I would be better off in that state school back in Virginia . zack I be not never go back to that school , sir . byron you get to kid . let I spell it out for you . this be a whorehouse . and I happen to like my life the way it be and nobody 's gonna make I change . zack I do not care about that . I just be not go back . you do not want I ? okay . I will find I another place . he open the door and walk out . moving with zack down the stairwell Byron appear on the landing above . byron hey , come back . Zack keep move . byron come back here , kid ! zack ( turn ) what for ? byron ( grudgingly ) okay , okay . you win . zack ( brighten ) thank you , sir ! byron stop call I ' sir ! I be not no officer . my name be Byron . on the boy 's happy expression we : dissolve to : int . the bar - several week later Zack sit on the stair watch a crazy scene take place on the long bar . a bunch of jet pilot off one of the carrier be in town and they be play a game of " chicken " . each pilot must take a turn be push down the bar in a chair on roller . the winner be the guy who fly the farthest without bail out of he chair . the whore be root they on and gambling money be be wave in the air . as tiki , one of Byron 's girl , climb the stair , he catch she hand and gesture questioningly in the direction of the hotshot flier . tiki hot shot jet jockey . maybe you grow up like that , fly mach five , no jive . the boy laugh . then Byron come out of he room , he sea bag over he shoulder . he pass the kid some fold money . byron here , kid . put this in you shoe in case you need it . Zack hide the money . quick shot - two filipino boy about zack age they see he hide the money in he shoe . angle - byron and zack Byron kiss he two mama-san goodbye , shake Zack 's hand and stride out of the bar . dissolve to : ext . the street of olongapo - day Zack be walk along the main drag , look in the curio store , when the two filipino boy approach he , smile innocently . 1st filipino boy hey , palequero . you new in the p.i .? zack yeah . I have be here a couple of week . 2 nd filipino boy wanna see some nice thing , guy ? we could show you around . nobody know this shithole like we . the two boy laugh and Zack laugh , too , trust they . zack sure . I guess it 's okay . they start off together but as they reach a narrow alleyway , the two boy shove Zack into it . zack hey ! 1st filipino boy hey , big spender . give we some money . zack I do not have any money . 1st filipino boy ( furious ) bullshit ! get it out !! the first filipino kick Zack in the ball . various shot of the fight Zack be not a bad fighter but he 's no match for either of the filipinos , especially the leader , who have a way of fight that be something to watch . he use he foot . waving the other filipino aside , he destroy the american with spin roundhouse kick to he stomach and he face . Zack go down from a kick to the groin . another kick to the head and he lose consciousness . his two attacker bend over he to rifle he pocket . find the five dollar bill he 's hide in he shoe , they run off down a dark alley , one of they nearly trip over a dead dog . tighten on zack he stir . his eye open . he sit up , wince from bust rib . reality sit heavy on he youthful feature . dissolve very slowly to : ext . the navy honky - tonk area of seattle - day a rough-looking young man ride he triumph 750 bonneville through a navy honky - tonk area in Seattle , Washington : noisy bar , a Seven Seas locker Club , a credit jeweler , a pawn shop . the boy who take he lick in the filipino back alley be now a man in he mid-twenty . a long mane of jet-black hair . a scuzzy beard . the same cold blue eye . he wear jeans and big , muddy boot . there 's a tattoo of a eagle half - reveal under the sleeve of he T-shirt . ext . a flea - bag HOTEL - day Zack mayo drive up and climb a outside stairway to a second - story entrance . inside the flea - bag HOTEL - day camera move with Zack down a dark corridor , past a succession of room . a door be open , afford he a quick glimpse of a woman and child , a sailor 's uniform hang on a chair nearby . the sailor appear and close the door in Zack 's face . Zack consult a old postcard he take from he pocket and pause in front of a doorway . he knock authoritatively and shout : zack shore patrol ! shore patrol ! open up !! a moment later the door open and Byron stand there , fumble to cover he nudity with a little kimono . a naked prostitute in she late teens watch from a rumple bed . zack hi , Byron . byron Zack , you little shit ! you have not change a bit ! zack neither have you , pard ! they come together in a macho embrace like old whore buddy . byron ( to he girl ) hey , honey , look at this ! my son ! be not he beautiful ? ( to Zack ) you should have call ! zack you be out at sea ! hey , guess what ? I graduate . I get my degree . byron I think you quit school . last I hear you be on you way to a construction job or something down in Brazil . zack yeah , I make some money down there , then I talk my way into another college and I do it . I be not magna cum laude but I do okay . you should have see I in my cap and gown . byron why the fuck do not you invite I ? I would have come . Zack 's expression shed some doubt on that subject but Byron choose to ignore it . he turn to the prostitute . byron get on the phone , honey . call up you friend ... gloria ... gloria big tit . we be gonna celebrate ! you hear that ? my son 's graduate from college ! CUT to : int . byron' apartment - later that night it 's a orgy , all right . Father and son style . Zack and he girl on the leave half of the bed , Byron and he girl on the right . pump away . drink and pass a wine bottle around . candle burn in dish flicker against the seedy wall where the only decoration be monkeywood carving Byron bring back from the Philippines . 1st prostitute be you guy really father and son ? you be put we on , right ? byron right . we be put you on . what happen to that joint ? 2 nd prostitute I think it go out . byron ( pigeon English ) ay , palequero . zack ay , palequero . never hochi in the p.i. byron ( laugh ) wha-chu -say , palequero ? short time , long time , only ten dolla . both man laugh and the girl start laugh , too . dissolve to : int . byron' apartment - the next morning Zack awaken and find himself entangle in arm and leg and soile sheet . he carefully slip free and rise to he foot on unsteady leg , he head pound , he eye blood - red . as he 's pull on he short , he eye suddenly take in the apartment and the lifestyle it represent : half - smoke joint and cigarettes cascade out of makeshift ashtray ; empty wine bottle ; and three naked people , snore , they body drape over one another . a look of profound disgust come over Zack 's face and he turn away from the scene and head into the bathroom . int . byron' bathroom Zack find some aspirin and downs they with a glass of water . suddenly , Byron come in , shove he out of the way , and puke in the toilet . Zack stare at he in a intense way , see more than the moment , see all the other time he 's play out this scene with this man . byron what be you look at ? Hand I that towel . Zack hand he the towel . Byron swig some mouthwash , then turn to he son . byron hey , that be pretty great be not it ? not as great as that night with the three stewardess in manila ... but pretty fuck nice . Zack say nothing but there 's something on he mind . byron so what be you do in Seattle ? zack get ready pard . this one 's gonna blow you away . byron Zackie , nothing you do will ever surprise I , pard , not after some of the shit you have pull . zack I join the navy . Byron 's face drop and Zack laugh . byron you ... in the navy ? zack that 's right . I be on my way over to this officer school in Port ranier . byron why ? zack to fly jet . to be the fastest motherfucker in the world . you gotta come and visit I . I be only a couple hour away . byron who give you this idea ? zack nobody . it just come to I . Byron start to laugh and Zack redden slightly . byron I do not believe this ! you ... in the navy ... a officer ... that 's like I say I be run for fuck president . hey , man , look at you ! hey , officer do not have tattoo ! he laugh until he practically choke . zack look , I Ill be see you , pard . take care . Zack leave the bathroom and start put he clothes on . byron do not be piss . I be on you side , pard . I just do not want you to do something you will regret . you gotta give six year to the navy if you wanna fly ... that 's six year with the most uptight asshole God put on this earth . officer be not like you and I , man . it 's another breed . zack you afraid you will have to salute I , Chief ? byron fuck , no ! why would I care about something as dumb as that ? zack I do not know . that 's just how it sound . well , I will see you . he open the door and walk out . Byron move to the door . byron hey , what do you want ? a lot of fatherly bullshit ? a big pat on the back ? zack ( turn , grin ) from you , pard ? never . thanks for the graduation present . byron hey , Zackie -- do not go away mad . ext . a area near the gate of port ranier naval AIR station - day start close on Zack 's upper arm as he cover he eagle tattoo with a band - aid . widen as he drive through the gate of the sprawling air station . ext . the gate of the AIR station - day he drive through the gate and past the guard gate and disappear into a stand of tall tree . a sign by the road read : " through these gate pass the future of naval aviation . " ext . a airfield ( 2 nd unit ) he motor past a line of aircraft . ext . a intersection he stop to let a class of candidate run past in they fatigue . camera pan as he cross the intersection , revealing a large parade ground where two class of Aviation Officer candidate be drilling with rifle . ext . the base admin . build Zack park he motorcycle near the F - 14 " tomcat " jet fighter plane that sit in front of the admin . Building like a piece of sculpture , and be direct by a navy lieutenant to wait with the other civilian type under a tree . new angle - the admin . build a girl name casey seeger step out of a rent car , kiss she parent goodbye and , carry a small suitcase , approach the same officer . she have the slim , athletic body of a runner and a naturally pretty face without even the slight hint of makeup , and she find most of the thirty boy under the tree ogling she as she approach . favoring zack he flirt with casey as she join they under the tree , and she flirt back , take a place near the five other girl . nearby , two other boy be eyeing casey . the brain-look kid be topper daniel . the tall okie be sid worley . topper why would a girl who look like that go into the military ? sid hey , this be the modern navy . staff sergeant emil foley , usmc stride smartly toward they and come to a brisk , heel - clap halt in front of they , a cane tuck under he arm like a swagger stick and the traditional " smokey the bear " hat of the drill instructor on he head . foley fall in ! form a line , you slimey worm ! heel on that chalk line ! attin-hut ! the thirty - six civilian shuffle into a single line , ill - conceal look pass between they as though to say , " get a load of this character . " foley now when I say " understand " I want the whole group to say , " yes , sir ! " understand ? group ( raggedly ) yes , sir ! foley louder ! group yes , sir !! foley I do not believe what I be see ! where have you be all you life , at a orgy ? listen to Mick Jagger and bad mouth you country , I will bet . he stroll menacingly down the rank , probing they , plumbing they with he squinty little eye . he pause in front of perryman . foley stop eyeball I , boy ! you be not worthy enough to look you superior in the eye . use you peripheral vision ! understand ?! group yes , sir ! his voice shift register , become almost human . foley ( a sudden grin ) I know why most of you be here . we be not stupid . but before you get to sell what we teach you over at United Airlines , you gotta give the navy six year of you life , sweet pea . lot of thing can happen in six year . another war could come up in six year . if you be too peaceful a person to dump napalm on a enemy village where there might be woman and child , I be gonna find that out . understand ? group yes , sir ! he pause in front of sid , and smile the friendliest of smile . foley hi , son . sid how're you do , sarge ? foley 's eye become instantly craze . foley what do you call I ? sid ( take aback ) pardon ? foley what do you call I , boy ? sid I call you sarge . foley before that . sid I do not call you anything before that . foley you say , ' how're you ? ' I be not a ' ewe , ' boy ! a ewe be a female sheep , boy ! be that what you think I be , boy ? sid no . foley no , sir ! sid no , sir . foley lauder , sweet pea ! sid no , sir ! foley do you want to fuck I up the ass , boy ? be that why you call I a ' ewe ' ? be you a queer ? sid no , sir . foley where be you from , boy ? sid Oklahoma City , Oklahoma . foley only two thing come out of Oklahoma , steer and queer . which one be you , boy ? I do not see any horn so you must be a queer . sid no , sir . foley stop whisper , sweet pea , you be give I a hard on ! Zack start to chuckle and foley eyeball he hard . foley be you laugh at I , dick -brain ? zack no , sir ! foley push he face close to Zack 's and try to stare he down . Zack just stare back , totally unintimidate . foley you would better stop eyeball I , boy , or I will rip you eye out and skull - fuck you to death ! Zack keep a straight face . foley what 's you name , boy ? zack mayo , Zack mayo , sir ! foley how do you slip into this program , mayo ? I do not know the navy be so hard up . ( notice the band - aid ) you get a injury there , mayo ? zack not exactly , sir . foley suddenly tear the Band - Air off he arm , revealing the eagle tattoo . foley lean close to inspect it . foley where would you get this , mayo ? this be really wonder work . zack subic Bay , sir . in the Philippines . foley I think I recognize the work . ( stare he in the eye ) be proud of that wing . they be the only one you be gonna leave here with , mayo-naise . he move on to one of the other , short , barrel - shape della - serra . foley glance at the roster , then at della - serra . foley hmmmm ... emiliano Santos della - serra . you a college boy , della - serra ? della-serra ( proudly ) yes , sir ! I graduate with honors from Texas tech , sir ! math major , sir ! foley you do not say . see this cane , della - serra ? see this little notches near the handle ? there 's a notch for every college puke like you , della - serra , who I get to d.o.r. -- drop on request -- from this program . and the first one I want to carve out of this class be you , emiliano . give he a evil look , foley turn away . foley I expect to lose half of you before I be finish . foley I will use every mean at my disposal , fair or unfair , to trip you up , expose you weakness ... as a potential aviator ... and as a human be . the price at the other end be a flight education worth one million dollar , but first you have to get past I . ( shout ) Lay you suitcase open for inspection ! Zack and the other open they pack and suitcase on the sidewalk . with he cane , foley suddenly spear a pair of lacy underwear in casey seeger 's suitcase and dangle it high in the air . foley seeger , be we go to have to watch you run around in this for the next thirteen week ? she reach for they but he tease she and dangle they out of reach . foley some girl will do almost anything to get laid . be you one of that girl , seeger ? do you put in for aoc to get gang - bang , seeger ? casey redden and stare dagger at the man . casey Sir , you can yell at I if that 's what you be suppose to do , sir . but you have no right to insult I , sir . foley push he nose right up to hers and scream : foley I will call you a beaver sandwich , if I want to , until the day they commission you a officer and a gentleman and I have to call you ' sir ' ! foley ( beat ) my language offend you , seeger ? well , maybe the navy 's not for you ' cause you will hear far worse out in the fleet ? ( in the same breath ) you have get five second to put you suitcase in order and prepare to move out . time 's up . attin-shut ! left-humph ! fo-wud-harch ! the candidate fall all over themselves try to follow he order . CUT abruptly to : ext . a large paper mill - that same day Minutes before quit time . int . the mill - day paula pokrifki and lynette pomeroy , two twenty one year old , be both look at they watch as they wait for that magic moment . two older woman be assist they in the job of stack and tie brown paper bag , then return the tie stack to the conveyor . lynette come on , guy . it 's five o'clock . paula one more minute . the conveyor finally shut down and the four woman join the flow of worker head for the exit . ext . the mill parking lot - day as Paula and lynette be leave , Paula call out to a woman just then get into a beat - up old Toyota . in she youth easily as pretty as she daughter , ester pokrifki be now a tired , over - work woman of 39 , look closer to 45 . paula ' bye , Mom , see you later . ( beat ) c'mon , lynette , before she ask when I will be home . the girl hurry toward lynette 's old falcon , ester watch with a mingling of emotion , from nostalgia to concern . CUT to : int . the base barber shop - day starting close on shear as they cut a swath through a forest of hair . in a matter of second , della - serra be convert from a long -haire individualist into a cipher , balder than a baby 's butt . he leave and one of the female candidate sit down in the chair . whack ! whack ! the barber do not shave she but he cut she long hair very short . ext . the base barber shop - day foley collar della - serra and turn to the line of candidate wait to get inside . foley now this be my idea of a ass bandit . wait ' till some of we local girl get a look at you , scrotum head . the class crack up laugh , especially big sid , stand near the end of the line with Zack and casey . foley you think that 's funny , worley ? let I tell you something . not all the obstacle that can trip you up be on this base . ( strolling down the line ) as long as there 's be navy base here there 's be what you might as well call you puget sound deb , poor girl who come across the sound on the ferry every weekend for only one reason , to marry themselves a Naval aviator . skeptical look from the candidate . CUT to : int . lynette's falcon - day as they clear the gate of the National Paper company Paula reach into the back seat for she makeup kit , position it on she lap , and adjust the mirror . off come the scarf . out come the pin curl , one by one and she start comb out she hair . they disco dress , satiny and suggestive even in they plastic cleaner 's bag , be hang from separate hook in the back . foley ( v.o. ) now a puget Deb will tell you , ' honey , do not y'all worry ' bout no contraceptive . I get that all take care of . ' well , do not you believe a word of it , sweet pea ... ext . the road to the ferry - day Paula be fleetingly naked as she pull she emerald green dress over she head . foley ...' cause a puget Deb will do anything and say anything to trap you ... and once she have you by the ball , child , you might just find yourself with a couple of income tax deduction you do not have when you come here . ext . ferry - starting on the falcon - day it appear to be move , because the scenery be move by . lynette and Paula have trade place and now lynette sit in the passenger seat , pull the pin curl out of she hair . she finish and quickly take off she shirt and bra . foley I know this all sound silly to you , especially in this so-called modern age ... a guy in a car travel alongside the falcon be get a eyeful . lynette see he and give he a dirty look . foley ... but you scuzzy college puke have better watch out , ' cause they be out there . and you , sweet pea , be the answer to they dream . we pull back to reveal that the two car be not on the highway , but aboard a open ferry crossing the puget sound . CUT to : int . the uniform supply room - day camera move ahead of Zack , sid and casey . navy enlist man behind the counter be hand out " poopie suit , " " chrome dome " and " boony " to the candidate as foley look on . all the boy be bald . the girl have suffer a military haircut as well , but have be mercifully allow to keep a few inch of coverage . foley how do you like my poopie Factory , seeger ? you enter this door and individual with a look that 's all yours , a style , a way about you , a personality ... and you come out a poopie ! that 's sort of like what happen to food . it go in look all fancy and pretty . seeger grimace . sid I know that commercial be full of shit . camera hold on a recruiting poster on the wall . int . the indoc barracks - day the new poopy come run in , carry they suitcase and uniform issue , foley herding they like cattle up the stair . foley this be where you live , child ! this be poopie-ville ! girl poopy to the leave , boy poopy to the right ! int . the upstair of the barracks - quick shot - day the poopy find they assign room , the five girl in a wing to the leave of the stairwell , the thirty - one boy in the wing to the right . int . zack room - day the name on the door be : " perryman , mayo , worley and daniel . " Zack be the first one through the door and he grab the upper bunk by the window . his roommate come in and share a look as they see what he 's do . louis perryman be a no - nonsense black , a few year older than the other , like Zack . perryman how do you figure that 's you bunk ? zack he say it 's up to we and I get here first , do not I ? sid whatever you say , mayonnaise . foley ( o.s. ) fall out on the lawn in five minute , in you poopie suit ! perryman and topper select lower bunk and start stow they gear in they locker . sid take the other top bunk . angle - the locker perryman immediately tape a photo of he family on the door of he locker , wife and two young child , one a baby in diaper . topper you be a marry man , huh , perryman ? perryman touch the photo affectionately . perryman yeah . they be the main reason I be here . topper ( shake he head ) I still can not believe I do this . a three - point-eight average from amhearst and I sign up for this ? perryman laugh . both Zack and sid be stow they locker expertly . Zack glance questioningly at the big okie . sid ( in reply to he look ) I be a service brat , pal . same as you . Zack take five new pack of card from he suitcase and hide they in he locker under he skivvy . sid notice he do it . sid someday you will have to tell I about subic . Zack say nothing . both boy start change into they sloppy - fitting poopie suit . sid that foley look like he 's be through a war or two . zack I have see better . foley fall out ! fall out !! Zack , sid and they roommate push out in they poopie suit . CUT to : ext . the barracks build - day the candidate line up outside , in they poopie uniform . sid line up between Zack and casey . for the moment , foley be nowhere to be see , but a navy lieutenant be talk to a navy captain in shot b.g . sid think there 's any truth to what he be say about that girl ? be that still go on ? zack sure it be , sweet pea , but he should have warn you ' scuzzy ' female type about the ' puget dude . ' they will tell you they be wear a rubber but they have bit a little hole in the end . casey you be pretty funny , mayo . zack maybe we will be roommate , seeger , and you will find out how funny I really be ... foley suddenly appear . foley seeger , mayo and worley -- hit the deck and give I fifty push-up . on the double ! the trio drop to the ground and start do push-up . across the STREET - day lynette 's falcon drive up and the two girl start across the street , carry box of lp 's . on sid , zack and casey they be about ten , eleven push - up along when casey start to fade . foley 's polished shoe enter shot and she look up at he sheepishly . foley look like you need a little work on you upper body strength , seeger . he lead she off to where the other candidate stand at attention , leave Zack and sid alone , do push-up . they eye lynette and Paula as they walk past . ext . the step of a nearby build - day nellie rufferwall , 50 , the base social director , be chat with a young Naval officer as the two girl approach in they sexy disco dress . the officer flirt with both girl as he walk off . nellie Paula , honey , lynette ... I hope you do not call all this way just to bring I this nice record . lynette ( eyeing the retreate officer ) no , mar 'am . we plan on stop at the ' o' Club tonight , one way or the other . angle - sid and zack about 30 push-up in . both be in terrific shape and have no problem at all with the push-up . they watch Paula and lynette talk with the matronly social director across the street . sid ( whisper ) look at that hot little blonde ! Zack be stare at Paula . angle - paula and lynette they leave nellie with the box of record and start down the step . nellie ' bye girl , and thank you again . Blue angel be in next month . you want I to line you up with one , just let I know . the girl start back across the street , in the direction of the officer ' Club . lynette Far fuck out ! I have be want to meet one of the Blue angel since I can remember . paula lynette , watch you mouth ! somebody might overhear . lynette Paula , look at the new poopy . paula yeah , I see them . poor guy . lynette ( call to they ) see you in a month when you get liberty ! paula ( call ) do not worry . it grow out about a inch by they . laugh , they start into the officer ' Club . new angle - the officer ' club entrance a handsome young pilot name donny tarlton , 29 , be walk out just as the girl be enter . lynette ( flirty ) hi , donny . donny oh , hi , lynette . hey , Paula , have not see you for a while . whe n be we gonna go out ? paula I already tell you . I do not go out with guy who have be dating a good friend . see ya . the girl go inside . CUT to : ext . the lawn in front of the chow hall - day thirty -six chrome dome helmet fly into the air and land on the lawn and then thirty - six starve poopy rush into line in front of the mess hall , at close - order attention , nose touch the back of the head of the poopie ahead of they in line . foley Count off ! they start the count off . when it get to perryman he screw up and give the wrong number . foley descend on he . foley daydream about you wife and kid , perryman ? you want to join them now ? perryman no , sir ! foley Count off !! from the top . this time somebody else fuck up . int . the mess hall - various shot - day the candidate wait in line with they trays hold in both hand directly in front of they face , stomach growling so loudly we can hear they . sid whisper to Zack . sid ( softly ) I be so hungry I could die . they go through the food line , stare longingly at the shit on a shingle they be be serve . drool . they stand at attention at they table . foley put they through a silly drill of slapping they arm together and sink , as a unit , slowly into they seat . each time they fail to do it together , foley make they start again . steam rise up from they trays , teasing they cruelly . finally , they get it right . foley okay ! you get thirty - five second to get that garbage in you belly , bus you dish , and get you ass out of here . they go at it like animal , stuff they face as fast as they can , Zack the fastest eater of all . he finish in no time at all and buss he tray . he smile smugly as he pass foley and the d.i. react . CUT to : ext . cross - country course - the first - day foley run the candidate over the cross -country course with rifle raise overhead . sunlight filter through the dense tree that overhang the narrow trail . foley ( jody -calling ) Flying low and feel mean . Spot a family by a stream . Pickle a pear and hear them scream . ' Cause napalm stick to kid . ext . cross - country course - near the lighthouse - day foley run he poopy through the surf , past the old lighthouse , camera moving with sid , Zack and casey , near the end of the group . foley eighteen kid in a free fire zone . book under arm , just walk on home . last kid walk home alone . ' Cause napalm stick to kid . sid glance over he shoulder at casey , run tiredly behind he . sid hey , seeger , what be you do in this program ? casey ( testy ) what 's the matter , worley ? be I threaten you ? Zack run behind seeger . zack hey , baby , you could get send to war , get you ass shot down . casey do not lose any sleep over it . I would not mind be the first woman to fly a jet fighter in combat . zack great . you can go in my place . sid ( to casey ) be you really go for jet ? casey uh-huh . all the way . sid how about you , mayo ? zack jet . sid I hate to tell you guy , but only two out of every class make it into jet . which one of you be go with I ? ext . cross - country course - the gun emplacement - day foley stand at the entrance to a dark tunnel , watch the candidate run past . foley here 's my favorite one now . see if it be not you favorite , too. ( resume ) family of gook sittin ' in a ditch , baby suck on she mama 's tit . Dow Chemical do not give a shit , that napalm stick to kid . camera pan the last of the candidate through the tunnel . on the other side of the tunnel there 's a huge , three - story gun emplacement bunker build in 1895 , that now serve as a torture chamber for aviation officer candidate . the other d.i. 's from the program stand at different place on the time - weathered stair , wait to assist foley , they cane propped behind they , truly cruel expression on they face . on cue from foley , they begin to p.t. Zack 's class into the ground , run they up and down the stair , shouting in they tender ear until some member of the class actually start pass out . a ambulance be there with two enlist attendant to carry away the casualty . Zack , sid , casey , perryman and topper be start to show the wear of the arduous " C " course , like the rest of they class . as they pass the " finish line " where foley stand , they all fall on they face , and lie there , gasp for breath . suddenly , they be distract by a disquieting sight . ext . obstacle course - day a advanced class of officer candidate come run past the exhaust poopy in smart - look blue warm - up suit with a insignia and the name " thraxton's cobras " on the front and nickname on the back like : " hoosier face , " " the barber , " " animal house , " " chow hog , " " baby huey , " and " the professor . " camera pan they to the obstacle course where thraxton 's cobras start eat up the course like child 's play . angle - foley and he CLASS foley sneer down at he exhaust poopy . foley that 's you in thirteen week , that of you who survive . do not you dare look at they ! you be not worthy enough to look at they ! della - serra , I see you eyeball they ! Zack and the other can not take they eye off the advanced class . it 's literally impossible to imagine ever be that well - condition . dissolve to : int . zack barracks room - night camera move around the room , past perryman 's snore face , past sid , toss fitfully , so exhaust he keep mumble , " yes , sir , " over and over in he sleep ... finally holding on Zack , sleep so lightly that the SOUND of hissing near at hand cause he eye to open , then harden with disgust at what he 's see . topper stand at the sink , pissing . zack what the fuck're you do , topper ? topper ( mortify ) I be afraid to go out there , Zack . I know he will catch I . he sleep in the head , you know . zack he do not sleep in the head , man . he just say that thing . shit ! I just clean that sink this morning ! dissolve to : int . the barracks - day ( several week later ) Zack come out of the head , candidate della - serra and Marcus on he heel . Zack wear a white T-shirt and the khaki pants of the uniform they have be issue after " poopie week " . his shoe be spit-shine to perfection , he belt brassoe to a lustrous shine , and he hair be now about a inch long . he pat it back with he hand , primp . della-serra another week or two , you will have that ducktail back , mayo . he rub Zack 's head and Zack pull away . zack hey ! I work on it for thirty minute ! Zack snap della - serra with he towel , spot a couple of female candidate leave the woman 's head , look around to see if any 's watch , and cross by the stairwell toward seeger 's room . int . seeger be room - day Zack push the door open and stand there , grin , as Gonzales rush into she uniform . seeger just sit there on she bunk , in she khaki pants and a bra , spit-shine she boony . zack good morning , girl . casey ever hear of knock , mayo ? zack hey , do you hear ? Sands and kantrowitz dore last night . ( his killer grim ) survival of the fittest . casey the whole world 's a jungle , huh , mayo ? Dog eat dog down to the last one , right ? zack you get it , sweet pea. ( eyeing she breast ) Nice boony , seeger . casey smile easily and Zack push off down the corridor . zack walk into he room and find he roommate rush around in a frenzy , try to get square away . sid be work like a fool on he boot . perryman be brasso he belt buckle , and topper be fold he underwear and t-shirt and then measure they with a ruler to be certain he have the correct dimension , before place they in he locker . topper inspection 's in five minute , mayo ! give them to I . zack where 's you money ? topper give he a fiver . totally unrush , Zack get up on he bunk and start pry a piece of fiberboard loose from the ceiling . perryman you would better hope foley never find out about that , mayo . Zack pull the piece of fiberboard free and reach inside . slave over he boony , sid look up and see Zack remove from he stash a perfectly spitshine pair of boony and hand they down to topper . labor over he belt buckle , perryman practically drool as he see the glisten buckle Zack suddenly hold up for he to see . zack two buck a buckle , perryman . look at that shine ! boony will cost you five . perryman who 's get two buck ? it 's cost I every penny they pay we just to keep my old Lady and my kid in that motel . sid who you get do all that for you , man ? some enlist guy ? not one to give away he secret , Zack just smile , and replace the boot and buckle in he stash . perryman hey , man , be the piss -ass money you be make off this worth the risk of get we all kick out of here on a honor violation ? zack I do not notice anyone else complain . CUT to : ext . the obstacle course - day foley be timing the class over the killer " of " course . while most of he classmate be struggle to complete the course , Zack be breeze through it . as he finish , he move off by himself , aloof , confident . foley watch he closely . he 's the only one not root for he classmate . angle - the ten -foot wall casey be have a terrible time get over the wall . she do not have the upper-body strength for it . foley saunter up and watch she futile effort with a cockey little smile . foley I can tell you right now you be not gonna make it , seeger . first , I can not graduate you unless you make it over that wall . you gotta have muscle , seeger , if you want to fly my jet . casey I will make it over the wall , sir ! foley do you want to be a man , seeger ? be that why you be here ? casey Sir , if it mean get all the respect a man get , then yes ! I be tell I could find that in the modern navy , sir ! she take another run at the wall but fail once more to scale it . she sink to the ground and bite she lip to keep from cry . still , tear well up in she eye . foley that 's it ! that 's exactly what will beat you , seeger ... you mental attitude as a person of the female persuasion . under all you bullshit , you still think like a second class citizen , seeger . you could never give order to man . int . the aerodynamics classroom - day Zack struggle to comprehend the mumbo-jumbo of higher physics be demonstrate on the blackboard by the instructor , a navy Lieutenant . all the candidate be use slide rule to work out the difficult problem . quick close shot reveal that most of the candidate have a pretty fair facility with the slide rule , but Zack look like he 's never have one in he hand until now . ext . the barracks - night starting close on a row of shine boot and a row of shine buckle we widen to reveal a enlist sailor and Zack , scrutinize the boot and buckle spread out on a navy issue blanket . Zack nod he satisfaction , hand over a wad of currency , and carefully start fold the edge of the blanket around he booty as the sailor disappear into the darkness . then , as Zack lift he Santa 's sack of goody over he shoulder , and turn around to go , he stop suddenly . include sid he stand there in the darkness , a big grin on he face . sid so that 's how you do it . Zack look like a thief catch in the act . zack hey , you gonna tell anybody about this ? sid ( kid he ) not if you make it worth my while . how about free boony for the duration ? Zack smile , realize he roommate be put he on . zack how about you kiss my ass ? sid laugh . together , they head back toward the barrack entrance . dissolve to : int . the officer club - regimental ball - night Zack and sid be part of the line of stubble - haire aoc in dress white uniform , watch the door like eagle as a parade of puget deb come into the club , wear satiny formal and hopeful smile . perryman walk past with he attractive black wife . casey enter in uniform , hand - in-hand with a handsome young Lieutenant jg , she shorten hair brush back nicely on the side . she smile at Zack and he smile back . topper approach one of the girl come through the door , a short , dumpy little girl with jug the size of watermelon , and escort she toward the ballroom . then sid and Zack spot Paula and lynette come through the door in clingy little formal , milky - white bosom push up high and little gold cross dangle in the valley between . sid look , Zack . it 's they . Holy shit . look at that bodacious set of to - tas . they approach the girl where they have stop to chat with nellie rufferwell . sid Mrs. rufferwell , mar 'am , think you could introduce we to this attractive young lady ...? sid immediately fix he eye on lynette . Zack and Paula size each other up as nellie make the introduction . nellie Officer candidate sid worley , may I present miss lynette pomeroy . miss Paula pokrifki , Officer candidate Zackary mayo. ( beat ) well , I hope you have a good time . she slip off , leave the foursome along . zack ( rub he head ) you tell we it would grow out a inch . sid ( aside , to Zack ) it 's grow out more than a inch , sweetheart . Zack stifles a chuckle . paula that be you guy , huh ? lynette come on . let 's go dance . sid offer she he arm and she take it with a little smile . Zack offer Paula he arm and she take it , meeting he eye for a instant . int . the officer club - night as they cross the dance floor . a shitty local band be playing embarrassingly loud . lynette be this you boy first night of liberty since you get here ? sid yes , mar 'am . four long , hard week of sacrifice for my country ... for my people ... for you . but I survive . angle - the refreshment table as sid and lynette dance , Zack and Paula have some punch at the refreshment table . zack hey , what kind of name be pokrifki ? paula Polish . what kind of name be mayo ? zack italian . my mom be irish . I get she ear . but the rest be all wop . paula where be you from , mayo the wop ? zack everywhere and nowhere , Paula the polack . paula seriously . zack ( straight - face ) my father be a rear Admiral in the seventh fleet . paula really ? zack yeah . we have live all over the world . katmandu , Moscow , nairobi . paula ( impressed ) really ? I have never be out of Washington except once when I visit this aunt of mine over to Portland . I mean , over at Portland . ai not it pathetic the way folk talk around here ? she suddenly blushes . paula you be put I on , be not you ? we do not get no navy basis in Moscow . Zack just smile . paula ( return he smile ) you get a girl ? zack no , and I be not look for one either . Paula meet he eye and flirt brazenly . paula yeah , what be you look for ? Zack just grin . zack I hear most of the girl who come to this thing be look for a husband . paula not I . zack yeah ? why be you here ? paula to meet interesting people , improve myself . you would not believe the loser we get over in Port Angeles . zack do you go to school ? paula no. I work for National Paper . it 's a good job . I make eight - twenty - three a hour . ( beat ) when I get enough money save , I plan to go on to college . the band surge into a slower ballad . angle - sid and lynette as they dance to the slow music , they waste no time with formality and soon be push they body together and rub in all the best place . lynette you be through the dilbert dunker yet ? sid cake walk . both my dad and my brother go through it and make it , so I know I can . lynette be you brother a flyer ? sid he be . he die . lynette Vietnam ? sid yeah . lynette I have a big brother who die over there , too . he be not no flyer though . he be just you basic Marine Corps type . I be only twelve when it happen , so I do not remember much about he . sid ( somberly ) I sure remember Tommy . ( beat ) mind if we talk about something else ? lynette ( seductively ) we do not have to talk at all . various shot - around the dance floor the horny aoc from Zack 's class be grind and push and fall into the gentle trap be set by the crafty deb . topper bury he nose into the ample cleavage of he deb . della - serra nibble on the ear of he gangly partner . casey and she pilot twirl around the floor . angle - paula and zack as they move onto the dance floor , the handsome pilot , donny approach paula . donny hey , paula . how about a dance later on . paula well ... I be kinda with someone . she continue on with Zack . new angle - paula and zack Paula put she arm tight around he neck and nestle she lip close to he ear . paula think you will make it all the way to get you wing ? zack who know ? guy a lot smarter than I be drop out like fly . paula just think ' I be gonna do it ! ' Program yourself . see yourself make it . it will happen . I know ' cause I just read this article in cosmo , and it be about that very thing . zack you be a very pretty girl , Paula . he kiss she once but as he start to pull away she will not let he and they french shamelessly for a long moment before paula pull away from he , breathe raggedly , she green eye flash . paula let 's flee this pit stop , what do you say ? CUT to : ext . the lighthouse - night the beacon sweep past the empty falcon and over the sandy landscape as we hear : sid ( v.o. ) something tell I you have be here before . lynette ( v.o. ) now what on earth would give you a idea like that ? start close on lynette's button sid 's finger pop a button in they urgency . lynette 's finger push he away and she undoe the button with ease . sid you be sure it 's okay ? lynette do not worry . I will respect you afterwards . the dress disappear , leave she torso uncover . sid 's face push into shot as he kiss he way down she neck toward she tight little breast . sid you be crazy , girl . you will respect I . that 's great . but what I mean ... lynette 's face push into shot and she kiss he almost roughly . lynette I tell you . I be on the pill . do not worry , sid . just do it . she pull he down on top of she . the light from the lighthouse sweep past Zack and paula , already make love a distance down the beach . CUT to : int . the barracks head - night the two friend crow about they conquest while they brush they tooth in front of the long mirror . sid could you believe that girl ! zack ' nellie 's nymphos ! ' sid Jesus , that lynette ! I ride she hard and put she up wet . Zack shadowbox with he reflection in the mirror . zack ( clowning ) look out , foley ! I be ready to take you on for another week ! they both laugh . CUT to : int . lynette's car - night lynette have the accelerator mashed to the floorboard . Paula look at she wristwatch . paula hurry , lynette . it 's almost midnight . lynette I get my foot on the floor . ext . the ferry port - night the midnight ferry to Port Angeles be just about to pull out when the falcon come scream around the corner and race aboard . ext . ferry - long shot - night crossing the sound . int . the wheelhouse of the ferry - night the two girl look out across the water . a curious little smile cross Paula 's face and lynette see it . lynette well , it you be not gonna ask , then I will . how be it ? paula great . lynette detail , pokrif . from what I see he have a incredible body . paula yeah ... mmmm ... lynette what do he do ? do he do anything that be different ? paula everything be different . lynette but in what way ? Paula look at she friend as if acknowledge she presence for the first time . a sense of privacy come over she suddenly . lynette do you ... come ? Paula smile . lynette could die of envy . you sense she 's never know that pleasure . paula how do it go with you guy ? lynette Big sid come in about two and a half second , then have the nerve to ask , ' do you make it , too , sweetheart ? ' Said with a certain affection , albeit slightly jade . Paula laugh . lynette ( resume softer ) ... but I really like he , Paula . and I know he 's go to make it . he come from a family of pilot . ext . the port angele ferry terminal - night the falcon drive off and proceed past a local hangout call " Tim 's " with a number of motorcycle park out front . a cluster of good old boy in jeans and t-shirt , loung in front of " Tim 's , " see the falcon and whistle at the girl . lynette give they the finger . int . the falcon - night both Paula and lynette respond to the whistle with look of disgust . cinderella say it first : the worst part of be a deb be the ride home . paula he ask you out for next weekend ? lynette no , but I tell he I would be at the town tavern next Saturday night , and he sound like he might come . paula I tell Zack about Saturday night , too . the fifth week 's suppose to be the roughest . come Wednesday , he will be wishing he take my number . lynette you hope . paula he will show . I would bet my paycheck on it . ext . paula' house - night a lower-middle class clapboard house sit on block like all the other on the cramme little street . built during the war as cheap housing for serviceman , the box- like dwelling now serve Port Angeles ' industrial blue collar family , like Paula 's . the falcon drive up and Paula get out . lynette see you at church in the morning . Paula nod distractedly , she face reflect genuine fear of what await she inside the darken house . int . paula' house - night her key turn in the lock and the door open . she tiptoe across the small live room , but as she be pass a door leave slightly ajar , a voice inside the room call out to she , make she jump . joe ( o.s. ) Paula , come in here , please . int . joe and esther' bedroom joe pokrifki be a tough , barely - literate polack with enough hair on he chest to compete with some ape . ester lie in bed beside he . Paula enter the darken room and Joe suddenly snap on the light , bathing they all in its harsh , almost police - room glare . joe come over here . I want to look at you . Paula stay near the door , scared . paula I know I be late and I be sorry , but Mrs. rufferwell ask we to help with the cleanup and ... joe I say , come here ! she slowly approach he , stop about halfway . paula daddy , I do not want to get into anything with you tonight . I be tired and I ... joe what be you tired from ? esther Joe ! joe come over here where I can see you . she step up to the bed and she father look over she clothing . joe look at the sand ! enough sand to start you own beach ! ( see something ) what 's that wet place on you dress ? Paula be so mortify she could scream . tear of rage flood she eye . int . a adjoining bedroom Paula 's two sister , age 14 and 10 , be awake in they bunk and listen to the confrontation in the next room . the empty lower bunk in the over - cramme room belong to Paula . there 's a stack of cosmopolitan magazine beside the bed and fan magazine photo of John travolta tape to the wall above she pillow . paula ( o.s. ) I do not know what it be . it could be anything . joe ( o.s. ) but you know right off what I be talk about , do not you , Paula ! do you let that boy -- int . joe and ester's bedroom Paula interrupt she father , enraged by he insinuation . her mother look on , haunt by memory of she own . paula do not you dare ask I that question . I be a adult and you get no right to push you nose into my affair like that ! joe well , as long as you live in this house , young lady , you live by my rule ! you should be dating local boy . paula uh-uh ! not a chance ! there 's nobody in this town do anything with he life , except what he father do , which be nothing . if I can not have more out of life than that , I would rather be dead ! joe do you honestly think you will find a boy in that ... that officer 's school who 's serious about marriage ? paula yes I do ! joe then you be dumber than I think ! all you will get from they kind be pregnant ! for a instant , esther 's eye and she husband 's lock in unresolved combat . paula nothing like that 's ever gonna happen . to keep from sobbing in front of they , she turn and run out . a terrible silence fill the room , the silence of two miserable human being condemn to live unhappily ever after ... because of one little mistake . joe esther , do you think she 's use ... ( have trouble say it ) ... birth control ? esther yes , Joe . joe when do this happen ? esther a long time ago . int . paula' bedroom she change into she pajamas and crawl into bed . she would like to cry but there be not the privacy for it , so she hold it all in . camera pan the face of she sister , both awake . CUT to : ext . catholic church in port angele - day Joe pokrifki park he big , old old cutlass and the four pokrifki woman follow he toward the church in they prim Sunday dress . lynette and she three brother climb down from the back of a dent and primer pickup truck . lynette 's pain skeleton of a mother get out from behind the wheel and usher she brood toward the church . there 's a shocking difference between the deb who go over to the base on weekend and this primly - dress , almost tomboyishly unmade - up young girl . as the two girl see each other , they exchange supportive smile . CUT to : int . the old blimp hangar - day Zack and he classmate look around apprehensively as they enter the cavernous old hangar and take seat , along with several other class from the program , around a raise mat . suddenly , shockingly , a bank of light directly over the mat go on to illuminate foley , dress in a wear and fade pair of black silk pajamas , leg akimbo and arm cross at the chest . Zack elbow sid . zack look at foley ! can you believe it ! sid ( frighten ) shhhh ... Zack look around and the face of the other be similarly disquieted by the sight . how do you describe the presence of death in a room ? but it 's there . foley bring it in with he . foley I be the base martial art instructor , so that of you in on - eight must desist in think of I as they drill instructor for the next sixty minute . ( grin evilly ) just think of I as ... the enemy . incidentally , child , I be wear the uniform of a viet cong foot soldier I kill in hand - to-hand combat in plei I , viet nam ... when I be about you age . maybe a little young . ( in the same breath ) May I please have a volunteer ? how ' bout you , Daniels ? topper rise to he foot , terrify , and sid pat he on the back . sid go put he in the hospital , kid . topper he can not touch I . that 's the law . foley grin sadistically as he watch topper climb up onto the mat . foley hello , pussy . how bad do you want to survive ? topper stare at he , then stammer : topper Sir , this Officer candidate do not understand what you be ask , sir . foley let I see if I can improve you comprehension . he leap on topper like a cat , grab the boy 's throat between he thumb and forefinger , seemingly intent upon kill he but , in reality , scare he more than actually hurt he that much . foley do you want to survive bad enough to stop I , pussy ? or be you rely on my generosity , my love of humanity , to stop I from kill you ?! topper 's eye bug in horror . topper please ... no ... I can not breathe ... foley just laugh . sid and perryman jump to they foot to protest , but event be move too fast for they . Zack just sit there , almost amused . topper finally start fight back . convince this maniac mean to kill he to make he point , he finally summon enough survival instinct to wrestle foley 's hand from he throat . he sink to the floor of the ring and struggle to catch he breath . topper you ... have ... no right ! you can not ... touch ... we ! it 's the ... law ! this make foley laugh all the harder . foley ( mimick he ) ' Sir , this Officer candidate do not understand what you mean by survival . ' now do you understand a little better , pussy ? get out of my sight ! topper hurry to comply , while foley swagger to the edge of the mat , sit down and start put foam safety - kick pad on he foot , really get off on this . foley you think I be a little harsh on you classmate ? wait ' till you get shot down behind enemy line and the only thing between you and a pow camp be what you asshole learn from I ! ( beat ) okay , worm . now that I have get you attention , we can begin . foley demonstrate the basic karate kick . Beyond black belt , he have move that ought to bear he name . leap , spin crescent kick be he specialty , and he execute they like a ballet master , awing everyone in the dank old hangar . almost everyone . Zack , cool . Zack , be unimpress . dissolve to : int . the town tavern - night Zack and sid sit in they white liberty uniform at the long bar , nursing beer , sid anxiously watch the door for lynette , Zack busy flirt with a attractive waitress . the town tavern be a local hangout and there 's a sense that a number of the towny be watch the boy in white with resentment . zack ( to the waitress ) hey , baby ... c' mere ... she slide up , smile , giggle . waitress Nice haircut . zack kiss it , baby . make it grow . she laugh and kiss the top of he head . zack so , when do you get off ? she 's about to reply when a burly bartender approach with fresh beer for the boy . he give the boy a surly look . bartender take care of the customer , doreen . doreen give Zack she best smile and grudgingly move off toward the local around the pool table . the bartender put fresh beer in front of sid and Zack . bartender ( surly ) that will be two dollar . the boy pay up and the bartender move off . sid ( facetiously ) Nice , hospitable folk they get around here . ( glance at door ) I hope she come . zack she will come , pard . a rich socialite oakie like you oughta be a big catch around this part . sid get off my case , mayo . I do not grow up rich . sexy enough to light fire , paula and lynette cut a path like sherman 's army through the gawk local loser cluster inside the door of the tavern , then glide into Zack and sid 's arm and kiss they gluttonously for half a minute . some of the local boy watch it all with ill- conceal jealousy . zack I think we be make some of the local jealous . paula who care ? ( frenching he ) mmmm . now I remember . mayo the wop. gee , I be glad you be here . I have be look forward to this all week . zack I , too . they kiss again . sid what would you girl like to do ? want to stick around here for a little or ... or could I suggest another plan ...? lynette like pick up some booze and go to a motel ? sid or we could do that yeah . paula I vote for the motel . zack my kinda group ! they start for the door , all four link arm . near the door one of the boy who be watch they , troy , 25 , jostle into Zack , then pretend it be the other way around . troy hey , make way for the warmonger . Zack and sid spin around , surprised . Troy 's a big , kid , a dockworker probably , and he seem to tower over Zack . zack what do you call we ? troy I call you a warmonger . ai not that what you be ? Zack look more amused by it all than threaten . he shake he head and start out the door with he friend . Troy and some of the other local share a look , and follow . ext . " the town tavern " - night Troy job out of the place and plant himself in front of Zack . troy hey , let I ask you something . zack yeah , what do you want to know ? sid let 's get out of here Zack . a circle be form around Zack and Troy . Paula look frighten . lynette look turn on . troy you come here for a couple of month -- you rich college boy -- struttin ' around in you ice cream suit like you own the goddamn place -- fuck we best woman ... hey , who do you think get leave hold the bag after you be off fly around the world ? zack hey , pard , why do not you go back inside and cool off . he turn away from Troy and push out of the circle . troy hey , I be not finish talk to you , sailor boy ! he charge after Zack , and knock he cap off . various shot of the fight if you can call it a fight . Zack turn around and hit Troy in the face with two very fast punch , a leave and a right . before he assailant can recover , Zack deliver a strange , roundhouse kind of kick that seem to come out of he in slow motion , then gather incredible speed , until it 's slamm with the force of a mule - kick into Troy 's face . Troy go down gush blood from flatten nostril . zack look around the other local who cluster earlier around they champion , but they be all stare at he , afraid . take Paula by the hand , he lead the foursome away . moving with zack , paula , lynette and sid Zack stare straight ahead , lose in the world of he adolescence . Paula just watch he , sensitive to the place he 's in . lynette God ! I have never see anything like that in my whole life ! do you see that guy 's nose ? zack ( snap ) lynette , just keep you mouth shut until we get to the motel . will you do that for I , please . lynette well , excuse I for livin ' ! sid push she into the car . CUT to : int . zack room at the tide inn motel - night Zack lie on the bed , aloof , brood , and do some serious drink from a pint bottle of rum . Paula watch from a chair . paula want a back rub ? might make you feel better . she climb onto the bed and try to position herself to rub he back , but he pull away . zack I should not have do that . I should have walk . paula he do not give you much choice . zack there 's always a choice . paula where would you learn to fight like that ? zack ( snap ) I do not feel like talk , if you do not mind . paula ( angry ) open up just a little would not kill you , ya know . she start for the door . Zack barely even look up . zack you want I to fuck you ? be that it ? okay , come here . take you clothes off . get into bed . paula ( turn , angry ) where 's that come from ? I would not fuck now if my life depend on it ! zack forget it . just get out of here . Paula start to leave , then turn back , furious . paula ( explode ) I do not know who you think you be talk to ! I be not some whore you bring here ! I have be try to be you friend and you treat I like shit ! zack be a friend . leave . paula you get no manners and you never tell the truth ! you be nothin ' special . and if you ask I , you get no chance at all of be a officer ! Zack rise from the bed and very slowly approach she . Paula almost flinch as he stop a few foot away . then he lean forward and kiss she as gently as he know how . very tentatively , she respond . dissolve to : ext . the tide inn - night lynette leave she room and knock on Paula 's door . Paula come out , zipping up she dress . lynette ( smile ) a definite improvement . they drive off . dissolve to : int . zack room at the tide inn - day he wake up and slowly focus on Paula , cooking egg and bacon in the kitchenette . zack you stay after all . paula wrong . I have drive a hundred and twenty mile , tell a hundred and twenty lie , and say a hundred and twenty hail Mary 's since I see you . hungry ? zack I be starve . he jump out of bed , pull on some boxer short and sit down at a small rickety table she have beautify with wildflower stuff in a glass . Paula put he steaming breakfast before he and stand back to watch he attack it . he look up at she and find she stare at he almost wistfully . zack Paula , I never try to fool anybody about who I be , what I want ... so if even in the back of you -- paula I know who you be and what you want . zack what do you want , Paula ? what do you really want ? paula to have a good time with you until you have to go . zack that 's it ? she nod and turn away , so he can not see she eye and know how much she 's lie . Zack finish off he egg and bacon , downs he coffee . as she come over to refill he cup , he unbutton she blouse and start play with she nipple . zack mmmm . last night be fantastic . she watch he with womanly eye , aware of she own power . paula Zack , be I you fantasy ? Zack laugh . paula Zack , I dare you not to fall in love with I . I be not gonna get serious with you , no way . but how can you resist I ? I be like candy . zack you be better than candy . paula I be serious . it 's gonna be hard to get enough . he start tickle she and she can not sustain she vamp role any longer . zack get cocky , be not you ? huh , you little polack ? get feisty on I , huh ? he take she in he arm and they kiss . the moment turn suddenly real and Zack find himself pull away , afraid of the feeling that be churn he gut . Paula study he a moment . paula Zack , when you be through with a girl , what do you do ? do you say something or do you just ... disappear ? zack I have never have a girl . they eye stay together for a long time . zack I forget to thank you for breakfast . paula any time , sailor . CUT to : int . the large indoor pool on the base - day we camera be the first to ride the dilbert dunker , and we be suddenly shoot at high speed down a steep incline inside a cage - like contraption , paint red . wham ! we hit water at neck - wrenching speed and go under in a swirl of bubbles ! wait ! what 's happen ? the goddamn cage be turn somersault ! which way be up ? which be way up ?? a strange look alien in a wet suit and mask knife toward US . his hand work to extricate we . we rush toward the promise of light and air at the surface . we can hear we own torture breathe . will we make it ? candidate della -serra reach the surface gasp for air . the dilbert dunker instructor stand off to the side , give he a thumb 's down . instructor back in line . that be totally unsat , della - serra ! della - serra cling to the side of the pool and vomit . he 's grateful to be alive . zack watch they raise the dilbert dunker it finally come to a rest high in the rafter of the building , where he be to be the next to take the ride . sid and seeger be right behind he , follow by topper . he step into the cage and the instructor make sure he 's buckle snugly into the harness . then Zack 's eye fall on : foley , stand pool side zack look away from he and give he thumb up and the dunker take he on its crazy ride , plummete down the track , blast into the water , somersault ... underwater - zack wait until the turn have stop , study the direction he air bubbles be take as he unfasten he harness , and pull himself down and out of the dunker . back on the surface - zack get a thumb up from the instructor and grin . as he 's climb out , he watch sid take the big ride . underwater - sid almost lose he composure when the harness at first defy he effort to get it open . then , he 's free and surface- bound . as zack help he out of the pool , sid 's effort at a cocky grin fail to hide from he friend the fear he feel under there . zack you okay ? sid sure . they turn to watch casey . stay on casey' exhilarated face as she plunge and watch she extricate herself as easily as Zack . as zack and sid help her out of the water she eye be wild with excitement . casey think they will let we do that again ? God , that be fun ! topper climb into the dilbert dunker he look down at the pool far below . his three friend , stand pool side , give he a thumb up for encouragement , but topper be too frighten to acknowledge they . he turn to the instructor help to fasten he inside the contraption . topper ( scared shitless ) do this thing hit with the same impact as a actual plane ? instructor this be nothing compare to a plane . ( beat ) do not forget to watch the bubbles . topper nod and give a thumb up . in a perch above the raised dunker a young seaman apprentice flick a switch and the dunker lurch down the track . topper suck in he breath , terrified the impact of hit the water be so jolting , it knock he wind out in a rush and he go under already scream that silent little scream of the mind that drown people hear . underwater , the dunker turn he over and over , leave he upside - down . the silent scream be louder . panic ride its frequency as topper tear at the lever that would release he from the harness . he get it open and push out of the open in the dunker with all he might . he have forget to watch for he air bubbles . top be bottom and bottom be top . he smashes violently into the tile floor of the pool , freak out , and swim straight up and into the jaw of the dunker again . zack , sid , casey and foley watch from pool side , concerned , as the diver go down for topper . underwater the instant the diver be within grasp of the totally unstrung boy , topper grab he in a die man 's grip that even the brawny frogman be unable to break . the diver hit he once , twice , but topper cling to he even tighter and , as they wrestle , the harness further snare they both . the scream now become the scream of two drown man . intercut the face of the onlooker second be tick by , and it reflect on all the face in the huge room . suddenly foley dive , fully clothed , into the pool his smokey the bear hat and cane stay at the surface as he knife down through the water toward the churn humanity below . underwater - foley reach topper and the diver both man be so hopelessly entangle in the parachute harness and so close to lose consciousness that foley have to move very fast . his presence of mind be so total it 's frightening . with no waste move , he frees both man and pull they toward the surface . at the surface the instructor help foley get they laid out by the side of the pool and while foley work mouth - to-mouth on topper , he work on the diver . the diver be easily revive but topper require everything foley have to offer . he might have die in less expert hand but foley be slowly pull he through . intercut - zack , sid , perryman , seeger and other watch foley 's effort to revive they compatriot . finally , foley step away from topper and nod to the room of onlooker that he will be all right . CUT to : int . the barracks room - day camera move down the row of locker . sid 's be a study in neatness , every pair of skivvy fold identically and measure with a ruler , which be exactly what he 's do at the moment . perryman 's problem be he belt buckle , which he be frantically try to shine before foley get there . Zack stand casually by he locker , buffing he fingernails , he shoe and buckle shine to perfection , as always . camera hold on the fourth locker , the one that belong to topper Daniels . the door to the locker be open and it 's empty . perryman I will never get it polished in time . give I a buckle , Zack . zack I can not risk it . perryman you would make it . he 's just get to the girl . come on , Zack . I gotta see my family , man . I could not take it if he keep I here over the weekend . zack sorry , pard . would not want you to get a honor violation . sid give he a dirty look but Zack ignore it . the SOUND of harsh footstep approach and the three candidate snap to rigid attention by they locker . foley walk in and start inspect perryman . sweat run down the black 's face in river . foley move on to sid , check out he locker , then turn to Zack . foley in every class there 's a guy who think he 's smarter than I . in this class , it 's you , be not it , mayonnaise ? he bring he cane up suddenly , like a majorette 's baton , and with one poke knock the piece of fiberboard out of it 's place in the ceiling , allow two pair of shine boony , a half - dozen freshly - brassoe belt buckle , and a little black book recording the money owed he , to rain down . foley report to my office in five minute ! foley turn and stride out . Zack meet he roommate ' eye for a instant , know he 's finish . perryman do not look too sad about it . he whisper in Zack 's ear as he walk past , enroute to the door . perryman could not happen to a nicer guy . Zack stare dagger at he . int . foley' office in the barracks - day foley be do paperwork at he desk as Zack approach and knock on the door . foley come in , mayo . Zack enter and stand at attention in front of foley 's desk . he know it 's all over . foley I want you d.o.r. zack no , sir . you can kick I out , but I be not quit . foley get into you fatigue , mayo . before the weekend 's out , you will quit . Zack salute , make a smart turn , and march out . CUT to : ext . the beach - day foley be put Zack through hell . with he heavy rifle raise overhead and a full pack on he back , he run through the wet sand at the beach , to the cadence of he d.i. 's jody call . foley run with he a vulture wait for the inevitable . foley ( jody -calling ) casey Jones be a son of a bitch . drive he train in a thirty - foot ditch . come on out with he dick in he hand . Said , ' listen , lady , I be one helluva man . I go to he room and line up a hundred . swore up and down he would ( beat ) have fun , mayonnaise ? Zack be die under he heavy helmet , but he say nothing . ext . the gun emplacement - later that day ( noon ) foley be run he up and down the weathered old step , the hot sun beat down on he like a firey fist . foley look over there , mayo . she stay to do that instead of go on liberty . Zack follow he gaze to the obstacle course where seeger be struggle to pull herself over the ten-foot wall , with the same result as last time . foley she may not make it through the program , but she 's get more heart and more character than you will ever have . I have see you college record . I have never hear of most of that school . tell I something , mayo . do you buy that degree ? zack no , sir ! it be the hardest thing I ever do , sir ! until this . foley that 's a lie , mayo . you have go through a lot worse , have not you ? Zack shoot he a quick look , wonder how much he know . foley stop eyeball I , mister ! I have look through you file and do a little check , and I know it all . I know about you mother . I know you old man' a alcoholic and a whore chaser . ( beat ) life sure have deal you some shitty card ! have not it , mayo ? zack I be do okay , sir . foley no you be not . you be fail the big one , baby , and I do not just mean in here . I mean in life . I have watch you , mayo , and you do not mesh . you grab -ass and joke around but you do not make friend , not the way the other do . Zack say nothing but foley 's get to he in way nobody have in year , if ever . foley want to know why I be not a officer , mayo ? because I have a servile mentality from grow up poor ... from always be the kid on the windy side of the baker 's window . that 's you problem , mayo . that 's why you do not mesh . because deep down in that bitter little heart of yours , you know this other boy and girl be better than you . ext . the lighthouse - night foley be put mayo through he rifle drill , in the sweeping light from the old tower . Zack 's jaw be set with determination but foley will not let up . foley shoulder arm ! Port arm ! parade rest ! ( etc. etc . ) ext . the gun emplacement - the next day Zack lie prone at the top of the bunker , he foot about six inch off the ground , foley stand over he , smile . foley hey , what do you say we call off this little charade of yours over a couple of beer at Trader jon' ...? come on , man . you be about as close to be officer material as I . zack Sir , this candidate believe he will make a good officer , sir ! foley no way , mayo . you do not give a shit about anybody but yourself and every single one of you classmate know it . think they would trust you behind the control of a plane they have to fly in ? hey , man , I figure you for the kind of guy who would zip off one day in my F - 14 and sell it to the cuban . zack Sir , that 's not true ! I love my country ! foley ( laugh ) sell it to the Air Force , mayo ! foley put he lip close to Zack 's ear and whisper : foley let 's get down to it . why would a slick little hustler like you sign up for this kind of abuse ? Zack 's leg be shaking wildly with the effort to keep they aloft . zack I want to fly , sir ! foley that 's no reason . everybody want to fly . my grandmother want to fly . you go after a job with one of the airline ? zack I want to fly jet , sir ! foley why ? because you can do it alone ? zack no , sir ! foley what be it , the kick ? be that it ? zack I do not want to do something anybody can do . foley pity you do not have the character . zack that 's not true , sir ! I have change a lot since I have be here ! and I be gonna make it , sir ! foley not a fuck chance , asshole ! Zack bolt up suddenly , meeting he eye . zack ( defiantly ) I get nothing else to fall back on . Sir ! this be it for I ... and I be gonna do it ! foley study he with squinty eye . foley all right , mayo . get on you foot . both man get up and start walk back toward the base . moving with they suddenly they both see a sailboat tack past , no more than fifty yard off shore . there Pov - the sailboat there be three people in the boat , two girl and a boy wear a sack over he head . all three wave in they direction . on cue , they turn around , drop they drawer , and give a three - way b.a . they pull they pants back up and turn around to yell at Zack . the girl be obviously Paula and lynette . the boy with the sack over he head just have to be sid . sid ( disguise he voice ) do not give up the ship , mayo ! paula hang in there , Zack ! lynette damn the torpedoe and remember the tide Inn Motel ! they be all three laugh so hard they nearly capsize . angle - zack and foley the drill instructor be amused but try not to show it . foley mayo , be that you friend ? zack yes , sir ! foley maybe there 's hope for you yet . dissolve to : int . the barracks - day Zack be on he hand and knee , scrubbing the floor , when sid , perryman and some of the other return from liberty . perryman ( still angry ) I see you do not dor , mayo . zack hey , sid , thanks . perryman walk into there room and stop as he see the peace offer on he bed : he boot , shine to perfection , and two gleam belt buckle . sid come in a second later and they share a look . dissolve to : int . the barracks room - that night all three candidate lie awake in they bunk . zack hey , you guy still awake ? sid yeah . a grunt from perryman . zack hey , do you guy ever ... feel like you do not belong here ...? perryman yeah . all week long . sid what 's the matter , sweet pea . foley finally start to get to you ? zack naw . perryman you know what he be run on I all last week ? he tell I I be not officer material because I think black and I would never get comfortable give order to white . sid yeah ? he 's be tell I I be not officer material because I be not inner-directed . he think I be here for my folk ... and for my brother . zack that be not true , be it ? sid a little . Zack shake he head , impressed . zack how about that prick ! he tell I he be not officer material because he grow up poor like I . perryman he say he grow up poor ? zack the kid on the windy side of the baker 's window . that 's how he put it . perryman foley 's not poor . buddy of mine in oh-four tell I he 's the son of a rich doctor down in Louisiana . sid oh yeah ? friend of mine in oh-two tell I he come from a long line of Baptist minister from Georgia . all three candidate crack up . zack how about that prick ! dissolve to : int . zack and paula' room at the tide inn - day they be make love . when it 's over , they lie there for a long time in one another 's arm , flagrantly satisfied , and still join . zack that be great . paula it sure be . they share a little smile of satisfaction . they chuckle . the longer they stay together , like that , the more painfully intimate the moment become . paula want I to get a towel ? zack I will get it if you want . paula I do not want you to move . zack I do not want to move . but somebody have to move sometime . eventually . paula they find they like that , shrivel up from week without food or water ... Zack laugh and the connection be nearly break . suddenly , Zack just take she face in he hand and kiss she in a most loving way . zack all week I keep think about you guy in that sailboat . he laugh . paula we be pretty drunk . Paula take he officer - style cap and put it on . paula you know , sometimes I wish I be one of that girl they be let in the flight program this day . God , I would love to fly . zack what 's stop you ? Paula seem to consider it for a moment , then she shake she head . it 's a fantasy , that 's all , far remove from the reality of she life . paula I do not care what the magazine say ... it 's just not as easy be a girl , especially from a Catholic family . you do not know the junk I grow up listen to , ' bout the way woman be suppose to think and act . zack that 's no excuse for not go after what you want . paula who say I be not go after what I want ? my mother 's thirty - nine year old and she still work in that factory . every time I see she , I know exactly what I do not want . they share a stretch of silence , Zack retreate into himself , he eye somehow far away . zack ( after a silence ) my old lady swallow a bottle of pill one day while I be at school . paula God . zack the thing that really get to I ... she do not leave a note . nothing . I have always hate she for that . paula do it still hurt ? zack naw . you be alone in this world no matter what kinda folk or background you have . nothing hurt , pard , once you get that one down . Paula study he a long moment . paula I bet most people believe you when you feed them that line . he look at she and smile , then she kiss he . ext . the AIR show - day six jet fly directly at US , jolting we sense . on intercom the program consist of six aircraft perform a sequence of maneuver in one of three different component : a diamond of four aircraft , two solo aircraft that oppose each other along the line of flight , and all six aircraft in a delta formation . camera pan zack and paula as they enter and move toward the bleacher where sid and lynette be already seat . Zack suddenly stop and scan the bleacher , look for somebody . zack I be sorry . I can not sit with you . paula I understand . maybe we will see each other after the show ... angle - byron mayo he sit in the bleacher about ten row higher than lynette , sid and Paula . Zack slide into the seat beside he . zack how're you do , pard ? Byron 's eye be on Paula . byron who 's that ? zack nobody . just a girl I have be make it with the last couple of weekend . byron great ass . zack yeah , I sort of think so myself . byron better watch out for that kind , Zackie . you know what they call them , do not ya ? zack yeah , I know . byron back east in Newport , rhode Island , they call them the fall River deb . in pensacola , the mobile deb . in norfolk -- zack that what she be ... a norfolk Deb ? byron who ? ( realize ) aw shit , Zackie , let 's not get off on you mother again , please . zack ( testy ) what if I want to talk about she , pard ? what then ? you know , that 's all I have ever hear from you , since I be a kid ... you never want to talk about that , man , and it 's important . byron there 's nothing to talk about . two goddamn time I make it with you old lady . we barely even talk . the jets roar close overhead and Zack have to raise he voice to be hear . zack that 's not how she tell it . she say you write she every week you be away . byron I write . not every week ... zack she say you tell she in every letter how much you love she , how you want to marry she , have child with she ... byron I never say any of that ! zack I find they , pard , and read they myself , right after she do it ! byron ( beat ) okay , I write that thing ... and yeah , I have big thought of get together with you mom ... but when she hit I with be pregnant , I see who she be . I would have quiff lay that shit on I before ! zack ( suddenly livid ) what do you call she ? what do I hear you call she , you son of a bitch ? both man rise angrily to they foot , but a split second later the angel be make another pass over the stand and everyone be stand and applaud , make they argument less public . zack ( scream above the noise ) she love you , you bastard ! and she believe you when you say you love she ! she never give up think you would come back ( beat ) do not you ever talk about she like that again or I will kill you , Byron ! Zack push toward the exit , shaking with anger . angle - paula watch he and suddenly rise to follow . ext . the parking lot at the AIR show - day Zack be halfway to he park motorcycle when Paula suddenly appear , run after he . paula Zack , wait . he keep walk but she overtake he . paula what 's the matter ? zack nothing . go back to the show , Paula . paula I have see all that a hundred time . zack ( snap ) hey , will you just leave I alone ? Paula stop , hurt . Zack keep on walk toward he bike . paula ( angrily ) yeah , I will leave you alone ! how about forever ? that long enough for you ? she stomp off in the opposite direction . moving with paula she fight she tear but they well up in she eye anyway . the SOUND of Zack starting he motorcycle , then he come rumbling up beside she , smile apologetically . Paula will not even look at he . she just keep walk . so he motor around in front of she again , block she path . she try to go around he but again he cut she off . zack ( suddenly ) hey , be not it about time you have I over for Sunday dinner ? Paula look at he like he 's crazy . zack come on . invite I . all day the idea of a family Sunday dinner 's be come into my head . since you be the only one I know around here with family ... paula Zack , I do not know if I want to do that ... at that moment , sid and lynette come walk up from the show . lynette c'mon , Paula . we would better get back . Paula start off with she friend . zack hey , what about Sunday dinner ? whe n're you gonna let I know ? paula ( turn to he ) when I be good and ready . she get into the falcon with lynette and they drive off . new angle - sid and zack Zack revs he motorcycle . sid what 's a matter , sweet pea ? we will have a little fuss ? sid get on behind he and they drive off . CUT to : ext . aboard the ferry - day Paula and lynette leave the wheelhouse , carry cup of coffee , and we track with they to the back of the ferry . lynette you serious about have he over ? paula I have not make up my mind . camera hold as they reach the fantail and look back at the light of Port ranier . lynette Paula , how far would you go to catch Zack ? paula what do you mean ? lynette you know what I mean . would you ... let yourself get pregnant ? paula no way ... would you ? lynette I never use to think I would do something like that , but now I be not so sure . you ask I , nine week just be not long enough to get a guy to fall in love with you . paula that do not justify try to trap a boy by get pregnant , lynette ! nothing justify that . I can not believe you be even think like that . I mean , that 's really backward . lynette no more backward , if you ask I , than the way this hotshot asshole fuck we , then ditch we . ( beat ) do not you ever feel use , Paula ? do not you ever feel like if this be all you get for you trouble then the sonofabitch ought to be pay for it ...? paula no . I never feel like that . lynette I do . int . the pokrifki kitchen - day as mother and daughter prepare the Sunday meal , ester find herself study she daughter almost as if she be see herself as a girl , in Paula . esther you look real pretty , darling . I be sure everything will go just fine . paula Mom , I do not want to be a fool . I like he a whole lot but ... esther honey , you can only be yourself . if that be not enough for Zack ... both woman move to the window as they hear he motorcycle approach . Zack motor up , and start for the door , a bouquet of flower in he hand , he white liberty uniform almost sparkling in the bright sunshine . esther 's eye become soft , almost limpid . esther ( a young girl again ) he 's very handsome . Paula look at she for a moment , then leave the kitchen . int . the pokrifki live room Joe pokrifki be watch Zack from the live room window , threaten to he core . the doorbell ring and Paula move past he to answer it . see the expression on she father 's face , she stop . paula daddy , please be nice to he . Joe just stare at she . the doorbell ring again and she open the door . ext . the house - day Zack stand there with the flower in he hand , smile eagerly . zack hi. paula be that for I ? zack no , they be for you mom . int . pokrifki dine room - day the flower he bring be in a vase on the table . esther be serve out helping of stew . as she serve Zack , she meet he eye and smile a almost flirtatious smile . esther thanks again for the flower , Zack . zack my pleasure , Mrs. pokrifki . across the table from Zack , Joe be stare they way in a most hostile manner . esther how many more week before you graduate , Zack ? zack just three , mar 'am . again , a flirtatious look . Joe see it . and so do Paula . to compound matter , Paula 's little sister be also flirt with Zack , and Joe pokrifki be take it all as a threat to he castle , a outright attack on he manhood . finally , Zack can handle he stare no longer . he smile he most disarming smile and meet the man 's gaze . zack Sir , excuse I , but why be you look at I like that ? joe look at you ? esther he do not mean anything by it , Zack . do you , Joe ? joe I do not mean anything by it . zack great dinner ! Mrs. pokrifki . absolutely the best meal I have have in a long , long time . esther be stare at he with faraway eye , and she answer come as though on a time - delay . esther ( beat ) oh ... yes ... thank you , Zack . embarrass to the point of tear , Paula rise to she foot . paula come on , Zack . let 's go for a walk . Zack rise and follow she out . ext . the pokrifki house - day as they leave the house and start down the street , Paula start to cry and Zack put he arm around she shoulder . paula I be so embarrassed . I know I should not have bring you here . zack no , it 's okay . it be a great free meal . everybody be so uptight I feel sorry for you . paula that 's okay . I be use to it . they walk in silence for awhile . paula so , after you graduate you go on to basic flight , right ? be that in pensacola ? zack yeah , then if I get jet , it 's on to beeville , Texas . more silence . Paula word she next question very carefully . paula Zack , do you ever think about what it would be like to have kid ... a family . zack ( lie ) no . be that what you want ? paula some day . when I be sure I can do a better job of it than my folk . zack what would you do differently ? paula for a start , I would not marry a man I be not in love with . zack why would you mom marry that guy if she do not love he ? paula because my real father would not marry she . zack you real father ? Paula take she wallet out of the hip pocket of she jeans and hand he a weathered old photo . paula yeah ... he . insert - the old photo be of a handsome young flight candidate in uniform , with a stylish little moustache and dark bedroom eye . back to scene Zack look up from the photo , shake . zack you real father be a Officer candidate like I ? paula twenty - two year ago . zack no wonder he be look at I like that . Paula watch he closely . Zack check he wristwatch . zack uh-oh . time to get back to the war . he kiss she perhaps a little too quickly and start toward he park motorcycle . paula call I during the week if you get the chance . zack I will try , but this week we go into survival training , so I can not make any promise . ( lamely ) well , thanks again for dinner . thank you mom again for I , will you ? paula sure. ( beat ) Zack , I hope you know I do not have to show you that picture . zack I know that . with a smile that almost quell she concern , he drive off . Paula watch he until he disappear . ext . tree - line road to the base - day shoot through the passenger window , past sid and lynette make out hot and heavy , to Zack as he drive up on he motorcycle . sid see ya , sweetheart . he get out and get on behind Zack . camera move with sid and zack as they drive to the base . sid I kid you not , mayo , I be in love . we must have set a new indoor record today . you want to know how many time we do it ? zack ( sharply ) you would better get smart , man . it 's time to walk away . sid what ? you have gotta be kid ! zack remember what foley say ? his little warning ? that be the girl he be talk about . they be out to marry we any way they can . sid I do not believe that . they be just have a good time , same as we . zack that 's what they want you to think , but I see where she live , what be she 's try to get away from . ( urgently ) just take my word for it , pard . break it off now . do it this week . ext . the survival course - day Zack , sid , casey , perryman and della - serra be struggle to erect a shelter in the drive downpour , use a parachute and log they have cut . it 's a hokey little tepee at best but they crowd inside it as thunder and lightning herald a blast of monsoon - like rainfall . the shelter collapse on top of they . inside the tent - night ( later ) the five candidate be sit around inside the tent , listen to the rain , Zack slightly aloof and pensive . casey I do not know about you guy but I be starve . CUT to : a helicopter shot of elgin AIR force base in the hinterland beyond the navy base be a Air Force base with vast acreage of swampland and tundra . a big truck come bounce along a windy little road into the undergrowth . the truck stop and the candidate from Zack 's class file out the back of it while foley come around from the passenger seat to address they . foley okay , worm . this be it . can you pussy live through three day without food or water in the wilderness ? this be where we thin we rank the " natural " way , child . incidentally , that little twig you see float in that mud puddle be not twig . they be water moccasin . ground level shot reveal that he 's right . lethal - look snake slither and glide over the surface of the swamp water . the face of the candidate reflect what you would expect . fear. even Zack look wary of the ordeal ahead . montage of shot capture the humor of the next three day of survival training . the candidate be a sorry spectacle the first day and a half , try to catch snake with fork stick , try to rub wood together to start a fire , throw up from eat the wrong berry , but generally clowning around , not take it too seriously . then , as hunger set in , a change come over they . they set up a big tent for shelter , get a nice fire go , and prepare a serviceable meal from carefully select root , berry and tree bark , and strip of fry water moccasin . on the third day they plot a path through the wilderness and finally emerge onto a highway where foley wait with the truck . the candidate send up a weary cheer and embrace each other as if they would just pull off a escape from a pow camp . CUT to : inside the scott paper company Paula be on the line , sorting color , while lynette talk on a payphone on the other side of the cavernous room . the noise of the processor and conveyor be terrible , but she coworker , Bunny , 38 , a fade , jade deb if there ever be one , call to she above the din : bunny you and lynette still see that flight candidate over to pensacola ? paula why ? what make you think we would not be ? bunny I do not know ... Friday ... three forty in the afternoon and not a word out of you about where you be go , what you be do over the weekend ... Paula say nothing . she glance over at lynette again , hopefully . Bunny take it all in , the consummate deb . bunny come a time right after they get through survival training when they start to think they can make it without you . suddenly they stop call . suddenly they own the goddamn world . ( beat ) he have not call you by now , Paula , he be not gonna call . paula you just keep you mouth shut , Bunny . you do not know so much ! bunny May they all crash and burn . intercut lynette and sid he 's at the barrack pay phone . lynette sid worley , I think you be ashamed of I . sid ashame ? no -- I love you , lynette . I mean that . after I leave they , I will meet you at the motel , okay ? lynette if you will not take I to dinner with you parent , I will not meet you at the motel . sid lynette , I tell you already , it will not work . lynette then , I will see you around . she hang up . the face of women who work at the other conveyor turn to watch lynette as she return to she place on the tissue line . there 's a say that mobile deb never die , they just go on work for Scott . the way some of the woman watch she and shake they head a little , suggest that it might have some basis in truth . lynette resume her place on the line and struggle to come up with a perky grin , but then it sit on she face like it belong to someone else . lynette well , so much for that . she have tear in she eye . paula lynette , do he say anything about Zack ? lynette shake she head , no . paula cover for I while I make a call . she move off suddenly , toward the phone . at that moment , zack and sid be leaving the barracks the Officer of the deck come out of the building a few second later . o.o.d . hey , mayo . there 's someone name Paula on the phone . zack ( beat ) tell she I already split . paula put down the phone and return to the line . all the old deb watch she . int . the holiday inn dine room - day starting on Zack , eat at Mach five . then include sid and he parent , tom and betty worley , two of the world 's straightest human being , stiffly waspish in spite of they down - home Oklahoma drawl , people with so much moral fiber it shine humorless through everything they say or do . sid Zack 's only a tenth of a second off the all - time obstacle course record . he 's bound to break it soon . betty that 's wonderful , Zack . zack you son be the one reason I be still in the program , Mrs. worley . he 's pull I through every exam . tom you guy be lucky you do not go through the program when I do . they use to start that dilbert dunker twice as high as they do now . zack ( mouth full of food ) that 's really interesting , sir . tom and you could not just quit like you can now . when I go through it ... and when my oldest boy go through it ... if you bilge out you be send into the fleet as a swabby . ( suddenly ) sid , how come you have not write Susan in over three week ? sid look stricken . he glance at Zack , see he quizzical expression , and look away . sid we have not have time to write anybody . betty Zack , be my son involved with a local girl ? zack no , mar 'am . all he ever talk about be , we , Susan . CUT to : ext . the waterfront - night camera move with sid and Zack as they make they way toward the loud rock music come out of the legendary " trader jon be . " sid thanks for cover for I . zack no problem , but who 's Susan ? sid my girl back home . we be suppose to get marry after I get my wing . she be Tommy 's girl . they be engage to be marry before he die . ( beat ) I should have tell you about she . I do not know why I do not , except I do not want you to think I be a shit for make it with lynette . zack I be not you folk , man . you love this ... Susan ? sid she 's the sweetest person I have ever know . love kid . Works with handicapped kid every afternoon at the church . everybody love she . zack I do not ask you all that , sweet pea . I ask if you love she . sid ( distract ) listen , I be not go to go to that little reunion party . I be meeting lynette at the motel . ( a sheepish grin ) best head in fifty - two state . after three day of survival training , how could I resist ? Zack rub he buddy 's bristle - brush of hair , affectionately . zack you should have do what I do . a clean break . sid lynette tell I it really tore she up when you do not call this week . for a instant , Zack 's mind seem to be on Paula , but he push she out fast . zack there 's woman for you , pard . they tell you they be in it for the laugh , but it 's always a fuck lie . ( a loud whoop ) look out , Trader jon' , I be in the mood for some fun ! he mock salute sid and disappear into t.j. 's . int . trader jon be - night starting on the photo of the Blue angel that crowd the wall ... a lithe , young stripper dance into frame . hanging from a net overhead be countless model airplane . seeger , della - serra , perryman and Zack be at the bar , drink raise in toast . zack hey , guy -- we do it . we survive ! they clink glass . as the other sip they beer , Zack downs a double shot of tequila and push he glass toward the grizzly - look bartender , old trader jon himself . zack give I another double tequila . his shipmate share a look . seeger 's attention then shift to the dancer . what a body she have . perfect little coffee cup breast . a bottom that tighten and relax like a fist as she dance to the loud , rock music . casey ( watch the dancer ) not bad . della-serra so woman turn you on , huh , seeger ? I always think you be a dyke . casey cool it , emiliano . I do not find it funny . camera move with the dancer , away from the group and we : time CUT to : short time later Zack be hoist a chair with shell onto the bar top . zack ( smashed ) lemme show you little game call " crash and burn " . he climb up on the bar and sit down in the chair . the olongapo kid . zack listen up , dick -brain ! this be how we separate the jet jockey from the helo - boy . guy who fly the farthest without crash and burn ... he 's hot shit ! seeger , perryman and della - serra glance nervously around the place . nobody think it 's that funny , especially Trader jon . della -serra come on , mayo ! you be gonna get we ass in trouble , man ! perryman get down from there , before they call the shore patrol . zack come on ! give I a push ! never hochi in the p.i. you see jet- jockey so hot like I ! trader jon hey , buddy , cool it . seeger approach Zack . casey Zack , we have get to go . zack just try to have fun . that fuck prison be really start to get to I . c'mon , seeger . gimme a push . ( beat ) fuck you guy ! I will do it myself ! he push off with he foot and the chair glide down the bar , knock over glass and beer bottle . the chair and its rider topple over the bar and Zack go sprawling onto a table , laugh like a looney . trader jon okay , that 's it ! seeger quickly turn to she cohort . casey you guy take care of Trader jon while I get he out of here . perryman and della - serra nod and head off to deal with the man while she go to Zack . casey c'mon , Zack . we have get to get out of here ! he allow she to lead he toward the exit . ext . trader jon be - night casey push he into the backseat of a taxi , but Zack grab she by the hand and try to pull she inside . zack c'mon , seeger . let 's go to the tide Inn Motel . he pull she close and kiss she on the lip , but she gently pull away . casey you be cute , mayo , but you do not want I . and to tell you the truth , I do not want you . ( a quick kiss ) see you back at the base . she give the driver a fiver and the taxi drive off . CUT to : int . sid and lynette's room at the tide inn - night sid lie in bed , stare up at the ceiling . widen to include lynette , just start to get dress beside the bed . sid by the way , should not you have have a period by now ? lynette I be a little late , that 's all . sid how late ? lynette what difference do it make ? if anything be to happen , which I be sure it be not , it would be my responsibility . sid exactly how late be you , lynette ? lynette ( play he ) what do you care ? suppose I be pregnant . just suppose it . you do not think I would try to make you do anything you do not want to , do you ? sid no . but that 's not the only issue here , sweetheart . there 's a lot more to it than that . she 's like a expert fisherman , work she catch , ease it in so deftly it never feel the hook . lynette what other issue be there , sid ? sid my responsibility as its father , for one . I mean , if I have make you pregnant , I would want to ... do the right thing . lynette wait hopefully . sid ... I would want to pay for the abortion ... I would want to be with you through the whole thing ... by you side . ( beat ) so how late be you , lynette ? lynette ( cold ) let 's just wait and see what happen . she finish dress and leave . CUT to : int . the barracks shower - night Zack sit in the shower , the water blast down on he head . sid burst in . sid Zack ? God , I be glad I find you . I need to talk to you , buddy . Zack be a zombie . he groan and gesture sid off . zack talk to I in the morning . I feel like shit . sid but it can not wait . he press close to the shower , so preoccupy he do not even notice the water spattering he uniform . sid guess fuck what ! lynette 's miss she period . what be I gonna do , Zack ? what can I tell my folk ? what on God 's green earth do I say to Susan . zack calm down , sweet pea . she see a doctor ? sid no , but she 's gotta be at least a month late . zack do not mean shit . get she to a doctor . you can not do anything until you hear what he say . make the appointment yourself . CUT to : int . the learning CENTER - day the class be take a critical multiple choice exam . Zack struggle against he basic instinct to cheat off of casey 's paper . he 's still slower than most of the other but he 's do okay . it 's sid who 's slip under . his mind be so far away he have not even bother to write he name at the top of the exam paper . CUT to : int . the barracks - later that day the class , down to a scrappy 23 survivor , come run in after the exam , foley right on they heel . foley fall out on the lawn in five minute ! this be you last shot at the 101 course ... mayo ... seeger ... della - serra ... as the rest of the class go bound up the stairwell . sid rush up to the o.o.d . sid Sir , request permission to make a emergency phone call , sir ! the o.o.d. nod and sid start feed quarter into the payphone on the wall . Zack hang back , concerned . foley move it , mayo ! Zack glare at foley and run up the stair . CUT to : ext . the obstacle course - various shot - day starting tight on seeger 's face as foley start she . foley go ! he start several of the other ad lib . then it 's Zack 's turn . foley go ! Zack take off across the course with a gleam in he eye . he want that record . Zack dance through the innertube , hand over hand the parallel bar , and churn he way through a stretch of knee - deep sand , he classmate cheer he on , want the record , too , want to leave they mark . they all wear warmup similar to the one wear by the crack squad they see in the early day of training , except that they shirt be gold and they pants be blue . on the front of they shirt be a insignia and the word : " foley' FIRE eater . " they nickname have be print boldly on the back : " mayonnaise , " " B. sandwich , " " the married man , " " the wild wop , " ( della -serra ) , " godzilla . " " what I worry ? , " etc . across the back of foley 's all red warmup suit be this word : " you're pissing I off , boy ! " as Zack pass he slower classmate , they add they shout of encouragement to the cheer from the sideline . " do it , mayo ! " " put we name up there , mayonnaise ! " " you can do it ! " Zack shimmy up a rope , yank he body over the low hurdle , crawl on he back under the low horizontal bar , scamper up the angle beam , leap the moat ... and be approach the wall full tilt when he see seeger up ahead , struggle as usual to get over it . zack ( call ) come on , seeger ! let 's go over it together ! he make it in one leap but she fall back to the ground , beat . Zack pause at the top of the wall and look down at she . foley watch from the distance . Zack drop back down beside seeger . she have tear of frustration in she eye . she 's not go to make it and the realization that she 's come this far only to fail be crush she . casey go on , Zack ! go for the record ! zack fuck the record . now you listen to I and do exactly what I tell you . ( he draw a line with he foot ) start back ten yard and take off from here . not here ... or there ... but right here ! ( the total officer ) no excuse , seeger ! you be go to plant that leg here and then you be go to yank yourself over that wall because you have to ! you want jet ? then do it , goddamnit ! seeger nod , almost mesmerize by he decisive tone of voice , he sudden emergence as a leader . she start run , take off exactly on the mark , and struggle to the top of the wall . she drop down on the other side and Zack join she , smile foley stop he watch and shake he head . he can live without that record . zack and casey as they finish the course , they stop and hug each other . then something catch Zack 's eye that chase the good feeling away . zack Pov Big sid be trudging slowly toward the 101 course in he warmup , he nickname : " loverboy " somehow ironic , especially in this moment . sid see Zack look he way and signal the news to he by put he arm into a baby - cradling position and rock the imaginary off - spring from side to side . CUT to : inside the mess hall - day Zack and sid be in line , get they food . sid it 's a big religious thing with she and she will not even discuss it . zack but she expect you to marry she ? sid she say it be up to I . if I do not , she will go off and have the baby on she own somewhere . at the mention of the word " baby " nearby classmate perk they ear up . zack so what 's the problem ? Girls do that all the time . sid I can not let she go off and have the kid by herself and not do anything . if it 's my kid , too , then I have get a responsibility , do not I ? zack not if she will not even talk about a abortion . sid but it would still be my kid . that 's the point . zack do you know that for sure ? sid it 's mine . they leave the food line and start toward the table . zack okay , but what if it 's like foley say and she get knock up , to trap you -- be it still you responsibility ? sid no matter how it happen , if she go ahead and have it " Zack , there will be a child in the world that 's mine -- and I could not go through life know that and not know its name or where it live . zack Jesus Christ , sid ! be everything you responsibility ? angle a table sid and Zack sit down with they classmate and start eat . zack you brother get kill instead of you ... be not that why you promise to marry this Susan ? be not that why you do everything , man ? out of some bullshit code of ethic you inherite from you family ? foley can be see at the instructor ' table , in shot background , watch they , but sid and Zack be oblivious to they audience . sid ( angrily ) maybe it 's all bullshit to you , but that 's now how I be raise . I believe we have a responsibility to the people in we life -- that that 's the only thing that separate we from the goddamn animal ! ( beat ) I be not like you , mayo . I can not just shit on people and then sleep like a baby all night ! the word sting and Zack flare back at he friend . zack you get a responsibility to you first , pard -- and if you can not handle that , you have get bigger problem than get a girl pregnant ! they stare at each other a long time , but no more word come . dissolve to : int . the altitude chamber - day wearing full oxygen mask , Zack and sid be part of a group of six candidate play pat-a- cake at simulate altitude inside the claustrophobic - small decompression chamber . a instructor be explain the test over a intercom , from outside the window chamber . instructor now everybody take off you mask but continue the same exercise . the purpose be to show you the effect of altitude on the motor skill when you have be cut off from you oxygen . slowly they reaction begin to deteriorate . at first sid seem amused by he and Zack 's fumble to slap hand . then as a shining SOUND mount into a crazy place , he begin to panic . sid ( suddenly , call ) stop this thing ! I say stop it ! everyone look at he strangely . sid lurch like a drunk to he foot and try to move toward the door . he trip over himself and fall , then stay there with he hand on he ear and he body curl into a fetal position . sid I want out ! let I out ! please ! let I out ! Zack extricate himself from he harness like a man with eight thumb condemn on top of it to move in slow motion . he weave , drop to he knee by sid , and awkwardly try to enclose he in he arm . zack sid , it 's okay . do not be afraid . the whining stop as they start to back off on the pressure inside the chamber , but they can not do it too fast . slowly sid come to he sense , and he eye focus on Zack . zack sid , what happen ? sid I do not know ... I feel like ... like I be suffocating ... Christ , Zack ... I be so scared ... so godddamn scared ... tear be run down sid 's face . zack hey , man , do not cry ... not in front of the instructor . Zack look around at the face , all stare back in judgement , not just the instructor . by now , the candidate know the symptom of a dor as well as anybody . the door to the chamber slam open and foley be stand there , grim -face . CUT to : ext . the parade ground - day Zack be on morning " color " duty . he and one of the lesser - know candidate be raise the flag , a bugler stand nearby , blow " morning color " . Zack suddenly see something that chill he . sid and foley stand in front of the admin . Building , foley salute the flag , sid just stand there arm at he side , shoulder slump . as the bugler finish , Zack turn to he classmate . zack I gotta do something . he break into a run . track with zack as he run toward foley and sid and walk with they toward the water . zack ( to foley ) you do not kick he out ...? wait , do not he tell you what he 's be go through ? foley it do not matter what he 's go through . that 's the whole purpose of this zoo . what matter be he freak out for some reason at twenty - five thousand foot and that can not ever happen again . zack but you do not understand . there 's this girl he 's get pregnant and she 's put he through hell , sir . sid he 's right , Zack . it do not matter . zack just like that it 's all over ? with less than two week to go , you be out ? foley it can still happen to you , too , mayo . foley march off like a windup toy . zack ( furious ) come back here , motherfucker ! foley spin around , he eye sparkling wildly . foley what do you call I , mayo ? sid Zack , do not ! zack I think the d.i. 's be suppose to help you in this place ! what kind of human be be you ? foley stop eyeball I , mayo , or you be out ! sid please , Zack -- go back to the barrack ! zack I do not get it ! he 's the best candidate in we class ! ask anyone ! the best student ! the best leader ! the best friend to everybody ! could not you bend you goddamn standard just a little ? sid Zack , it be not he ! he do not ask I to d.o.r . I come to he on my own . ( beat ) I be glad it 's over , Zack . I really mean that . he be right . I be not do this for I . he feel he tear come up so he run off suddenly across the parade ground . zack sid , wait ! where be you go ? sid keep run . Zack turn back to foley and they stare at each other a long moment before Zack bitterly salute he . zack with you permission , sir . foley return the salute and watch Zack walk off toward the barrack . CUT to : ext . paula' house - day Zack drive up on he motorcycle . esther be in the yard , gardening . zack be Paula here ? Paula suddenly appear on the porch , dress in a simple cotton dress , she hair un - coiff , none of she Deb makeup . zack I be look for sid . paula so ? zack Paula , he dore and nobody 's see he . paula why would he do it ? zack hey ! you know goddamn well what happen so let 's not play any game , okay ? paula I be not play any game ! go look at lynette 's ! zack I do not know where that be . Paula slowly move to he and get on the motorcycle behind he . they speed off , esther watch they go . ext . lynette's house - day she sit on the porch of the old home she be bear in , she hair up in curler , do she nail . the National Paper mill send up pillar of smoke on the horizon . a taxi drive up and sid step out , in a sport coat and tie . sid hi , babe . come on . I have get a couple of thing I want to tell you . lynette what be you do out of uniform , sid ? you do not want to get in trouble . sid forget that . come on . get a little surprise ... lynette I can not go like this . can not you wait a few minute ' till I be ready ? sid no way . I be so happy I be about to bust . here , honey . this be for you . it cost I my whole savings , but I say what the fuck . he hand she a little box . she open it and find a engagement ring . she look up at he , happily . lynette sid ! oh , it 's beautiful ! you mean ... sid that 's right . let 's get marry , lynette . let 's find a justice of the peace and just do it ! lynette try the ring on . lynette ( euphoric ) let 's go tell Paula ! God , I wonder where we will be station first . I hope it will be Hawaii . I have always want to go to Hawaii . sid we be not gonna be station anywhere , baby . I dore . lynette ( shake ) you what ? sid I have to , baby ... I be no aviator . I be fake it , like I be with everything else in my life ... up ' till right now . lynette but ... but what would we do ? where would we go ? sid Oklahoma . I can get my old job back at jc penney 's . in a couple of year , I will be floor manager . oh , you be gonna love Oklahoma , lynette . you and mama will get along just great . of course , money will be a little tight for a while , but we will make it . lynette ( suddenly ) sid , there 's no baby . sid what ? lynette I be not pregnant . I get my period this morning . there 's no baby , sid . sid well , I will be goddamn . sid stare at she disbelievingly , but she 's tell the truth , at least partly . there be no baby . sid ( a big smile ) what do you say we get marry anyway ? I love you , lynette . I be in love with you ... and I do not realize it until right this second ... but I have never be happier in my life than I have be the last seven weekend , never more relaxed ... more love for just who I be ... ( beat ) marry I , lynette . I love you . lynette look off at the factory , then back at sid . lynette I be sorry , sid , but I do not want to marry you . I like you a lot and we have ourselves some real nice time , that 's for sure ... but I think you understand . I want to marry a pilot , sid . I want to live part of my life overseas ... the wife of a aviator , sid. ( bitterly ) damn you ! goddamn you ! nobody dor after eleven week ! nobody ! she throw the engagement ring at he and run toward the house . numb to he core , sid slowly retrieve the ring and get into she car . he start it and drive off . lynette hey ! come back with my car ! ext . a dirt road - day lynette 's falcon take a sudden turn . a split-second later , Zack and Paula speed past in the opposite direction , miss he . ext . lynette's house - day Zack and Paula drive up and move toward the front door . paula lynette ?? int . lynette's house - day they find she in the kitchen , sit at the table , smoking a cigarette . paula lynette , where 's sid ? lynette already come and go . can you believe it ? he dore in the twelfth week . how can you win ? Zack grab she by the shoulder and force she to meet he eye . zack what do you tell he about the baby ? lynette that there be not one , as of today . I have my period . ( beat ) I could not believe it . he still want to marry I . zack and you turn he down ?? lynette of course . I do not want no okie from muscogee . I can get that right here in Port Angeles . Zack start shaking she angrily . zack you little bitch ! how could you ? be there ever a baby , lynette ? that 's all I want to know ! do you make up that baby , lynette ? do you ?? lynette ( catch ) of course there be a baby . I would never lie about something like that . would I , Paula ? she look at Paula for support but she seem to be wonder the same thing herself , and offer none . Zack abruptly push out of the room , leave the two girl alone . paula lynette , do you make up that baby or do not you ? lynette 's silence be answer enough . Paula suddenly slap she across the face with all she might . paula God help you , lynette ! lynette you be no better than I , Paula ! you be just the same ! paula no ! that 's not true ! she run from the room . ext . lynette's house - day Zack be get on he motorcycle as she emerge from the house . paula I would like to come with you . zack why ? paula because he 's my friend , too . she get on and he do not try to stop she . pan as they drive off . CUT to : int . / ext . the tide inn - day carry a pint bottle of bourbon , sid weave he way into the office . he smile a quirky smile for the woman behind the counter as he hand she some money and she give he he key . as he turn away from the counter , the woman call after he . woman hey , be this yours ? she hold up the engagement ring he buy for lynette . sid smile , take it from she . sid ever see this one ? he pop the ring in he mouth and swallow it as the woman look on , speechless . sid weave out . we're tight on side face as he trudge up the step to the second floor of unit . we stay with he until he reach he room and walk in , slamm the door behind he to close the world out . we stay like that , outside he door the SOUND of the tv go on , loud . some game show . the passage of about twenty second . then the SOUND of Zack 's motorcycle approach , stop . zack ( o.s. ) he 's here . she say he just come in . the SOUND of footstep ascend to the second floor , run toward we . Zack push into shot and knock on the door . zack sid , it 's Zack . open up . no reply , then from inside some sound be hear , a chair falling , a sudden , dull snapping noise , abrupt and final . Zack throw he weight against the door and it splinter open . zack sid ? then he look up and pale . zack oh , God ... Paula step into the doorway and utter a little gasp as she see what poor sid have do to himself . int . the room - day the big okie hang by he necktie from a cluster of expose drainage pipe in a corner of the ceiling . zack face be stretched with pain tear flood he eye . he shake he head in disbelief . zack oh , God ... why ? why , sid ? Zack cut he down and cradle he friend 's body in he arm . zack you stupid , fuck okie ! why would you do it ! why do not you talk to I first ? why do not you even try ?? Paula watch from the door . dissolve to : ext . the tide inn - later that day the last of the police car and the one shore patrol sedan from the base be pull out of the tide Inn lot , behind the ambulance that carry sid 's body . Paula stand on the upstairs landing . paula please stop it . none of that 's true . goddamnit , I love you . I love you ever since I meet you . zack come on , Paula ! you be look for a ticket out of here and you do not care who it be , any more than you care with the last class of candidate you and lynette fuck you way through , look for a husband ! or the class before that ! paula yeah . you get the whole story just right . zack beware of the puget deb -- and we all laugh , especially he . paula I be not a puget Deb . I hate that goddamn term ! zack I bet you do ! paula however you get it figure , I do not kill sid and lynette do not kill he ! he kill himself ! zack that 's brilliant . paula maybe not , but it be the truth . and Zack , you do not kill he either . he go out the door . Paula can see he drive off on he motorcycle . ext . the barracks - later that day as foley call muster . foley mayo . he take notice of Zack 's absence , unsurprise , before push on the next name on the list . foley meyer . Zack suddenly drive up on he motorcycle and walk toward the group , unshaven , tie askew , uniform totally wrinkle , eye as red as sore . foley mayo , the rest of you class know about candidate worley , and we be all sorry . zack Sir , this officer candidate request permission to speak to you in private . foley I be busy , mayo . it will have to wait . zack it 's important , sir ! foley mayo , you do not hear I -- I say I I be busy ! and so be you ! go get clean up ! zack aw screw it ... he start to walk into the barrack . foley ( suddenly ) martial art demonstration in the old blimp hangar in five minute ! mayo , you be my volunteer ! Zack stop in he track and turn to face he antagonist . he will wait around for this . CUT to : int . the musty old hangar - day foley be up in the ring in he VC pajamas , watch they take do they seat . Zack be the last to walk in . foley what be you wait for , mayo ? get you scuzzy ass up here . zack yes , sir ! he climb up into the ring with foley . foley put this on . he hand Zack a set of safety - punch glove and safety - kick foot pad . Zack sit on the canvas and put they on . foley already wear he . foley I will start with some basic kick . you try to copy I . Zack get to he foot and square off opposite foley . most of zack classmate know about the incident in town with the local , and the word spread quickly to the other in excited whisper . they share a common dream , this twenty - one survivor , to see foley break and humble . the martial art demonstration - a series of shot foley demonstrate a simple side kick , the heel of he foot slamm hard against Zack 's jaw . as in the previous demonstration , foley be not afraid of inflect a little punishment along with he instruction . he 's unprepare , however , for the skill and and speed with which Zack return a version of that kick , the heel of he foot hit foley so solidly it rock he back a couple of step before he can catch he balance . foley grin , a rivulet of blood run down he chin . foley looky -looky what we get . that 's pretty cute , mayo . foley execute a crescent kick , he specialty , and bloddy Zack 's mouth . Zack return a crescent kick that knock the Marine right on he ass . foley you be good . zack get on you foot and find out how good , sir . before Zack can get set , foley seize the offensive and start back he across the ring with a series of fast kick . momentarily trap in the corner , Zack duck a punch , slip under a crescent kick , and hit he man three time in the face with he foam - padded knuckle , then follow with a kick to the mid-section that make the Marine sink to he knee with a silly expression on he face . suddenly unafraid of foley , the class rise to its foot and cheer Zack on . ad - lib of " get he , Zack ! " " no mercy ! " " remember what he do to we ! " quieter mumbling of " kill the motherfucker . " foley get to he foot . Zack drop he instantly with a jumpspin back kick . foley get up again and manage to stay up for a short time but it 's a pathetic mismatch and Zack can land solidly at will with hand and foot . finally , with a spin outside crescent kick that awe he classmate , Zack flatten he again . foley just lie there , obviously spend . Zack offer he a hand . foley look up at he helplessly , shake he head in defeat , and reach out to accept he help . then , with shocking suddenness , foley coil he knee to he chest , yank Zack toward he , and -- at the same time -- unleash a kick straight to Zack 's chin . Zack crumple to the canvas and lie there , barely conscious . foley rise to he foot . foley oldest trick in the book . now , be there anything you want to tell I , mayo ? Zack shake he head , no . foley bow to he formally , then to the rest of the class , and march like God 's warrior Son from the old hangar . Zack watch he classmate file out , leave he alone in the cavernous hanger . dissolve to : int . the barracks - night Zack come in by himself . int . zack room - night perryman look up from he navigation book as he only survive roommate enter . Zack look at the two stripped bunk , the empty locker ... then he stare at he own locker for a long time , try to make up he mind . then perryman get up , put a reassure hand on he shoulder , just for a instant , and go back to he study . find some coin in he locker , Zack leave the room . int . the barracks payphone - night Zack throw some money in to satisfy the operator . zack ( into phone ) Byron , it 's I . you do anything weekend after next ? ( beat ) yeah ... it 's graduation . dissolve to : graduation morning on the base - day the sun be just rise and send its color across the big , wide lawn where the graduation ceremony will soon take place . four enlist man be positioning riser and fold chair . CUT to : int . paula' bedroom - day Paula get up to the SOUND of she alarm . she hurry to turn it off so as not to awaken she sister . the time be 6:30 in the morning . time to go to work . grudgingly , she relinquish the warmth of the bed , and trudge toward the bathroom in she pajamas . ext . paula' house - day Paula get into Bunny 's Toyota and the carpool drive on . ext . the national paper mill - day as Paula be punch in , lynette , wait in line behind she , whisper : lynette what do you think of the new mechanic ? Paula glance off at the two boy lynette be flirt with , father back in the line . both could be she father 's son . candidate for apehood . Paula have a faraway look on she face as she pull she card from the clock . paula today 's graduation . I hope he make it . CUT to : ext . the parade ground - day Zack and he classmate be pass in review before the command Officer and he staff ( include foley ) , seat on the riser , and the large gather of family and friend seat on the fold chair . the base march band , a phalanx to the leave of the rise , be in fine and rouse form . as Zack and casey and perryman and the other pass camera , they do a precise eye -right . byron be applauding louder than anybody it 's a proud moment for the reluctant father and he 's not above let the stiffer - look parent around he know how he feel about have a son make it into the officer rank . zack see he father and smile . second later , the camera be panning the face of the graduate . stand at attention on they riser , recite they commission oath . the graduate I do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the constitution of the United States of America against all enemy foreign and domestic ... find casey 's proud face , perryman 's , della - serra 's , Marcus ' ... the graduate ... that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same , that I take this obligation freely without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion ... camera hold on Zack 's face , he eye moist , he voice rich with emotion . zack ( with he classmate ) ... that I will well and faithfully discharge the duty of the office on which I be about to enter . so help I God . minute later , the newly -commissioned officer have broken rank and be embrace they family and friend on the lawn . Byron find Zack and the two man stare at one another warily , before warmth flood they face and they come together in a embrace . Zack pull a fold document from he breast pocket . zack look -- my order to pensacola for basic flight training ... then it 's on to jet ! Byron quickly glance at the order and pound Zack on the back . byron I know you would make it ! ( beat ) where 's you girl ? do not she come ? zack naw . that 's over with . Byron almost look sad to hear it . byron Zackie , I be so proud of you . get ready , ' cause I be gonna give you you first salute and you will owe I a silver dollar . that 's the tradition , you know . he start to bring he hand up to salute he son but Zack grab he wrist to stop he . zack ( gently ) no offense , Byron , but my first one 's gonna come from ... he . he look over at : foley , in dress blue he cane propped characteristically behind he , the new notches clearly recognizable from the one that predate this class , he watch they approach ... one after the other , each of he worm , he scuzze , he college puke ... and he render to they , as be the tradition , they first salute . in return , they hand he a silver dollar . perryman pay up , then casey approach he . foley ( salute ) congratulation ensign seeger , sir ! casey thank you , sir . I mean , sergeant . she give he a silver dollar and hurry off to rejoin she family . zack approach foley and the Marine salute he briskly , he heel clap together like a flamenco dancer 's . foley congratulation , ensign mayo , sir ! zack I will never forget you as long as I live , sergeant . foley I know . zack well , goodbye . Zack give he a silver dollar and foley pocket it and snap off another brisk salute . foley see you in the fleet , sir ! zack yeah . see you in the fleet , sarge . and thank you . foley just grin as Zack answer he salute . CUT to : ext . the base - day moving with zack on he motorcycle . he still wear he dress white and he gear be pack in a navy seabag strapped to the back , as he drive away from the barrack , wave farewell to some of he classmate . as he rumble past the parade ground , he see foley address a spanking new class of candidate , still in civvy , still sport hair . foley I do not believe what I be see ! look at all that hair ! all that lard belly from junk food and pot ! where you be all you life , at a orgy ? listen to Mick Jagger and bad mouth you country , I bet . the new class crack up , laugh , as Zack motor past , head for the gate . it 's hard to believe only thirteen week have elapse since he hear that word for the first time . seem more like a lifetime . ext . the gate of the naval AIR station - day Zack drive out and disappear down the road . slow dissolve to : int . the national paper kill - day Paula be at work on the line . the sweat of a long day sting she eye as it sting the eye of she fellow worker . poor Paula . it 's not hard to imagine she in a few year as Bunny . Hell , lynette 's already there . Old deb never die ... the women on the paper towel line near the door be the first to see he enter . esther pokrifki stop she work as she see the flash of gold on a Naval shoulder board . the women on the napkin line send up a buzz of gossipy excitement as he stride past they . so clean . so handsome . so perfect . every deb 's fantasy . he wear the dress white uniform with ensign gold and he wear it proudly as he stride through they rank , toward the girl who be only now stop to watch he approach . paula can't believe it almost as she might have dream it long ago as a little girl , she watch he take she face in he hand and kiss she in such a romantic way that it 's unlikely the woman at National Paper , or any of we , will ever forget that kiss . lynette and bunny watch that kiss with a mingling of happiness and painful , desperate long , on they face . esther pokrifki be the second happiest Deb in the room . the other aging debs in the huge factory stop they work to watch . a few even applaud . zack suddenly lift paula in he arm and with they eye still touch , he carry she toward the door . lynette's face reveal all the jealousy that accompany the happiness she be feel for she friend . she 's never leave this place and she know it . lynette Way to go , Paula ! Way to go ! she add she applause and half the factory be clap and cheer by the time the officer and he girl reach the doorway . ext . the national paper mill - day Zack carry Paula out into the sunshine and kiss she again . she 's like candy , all right , and he will never get enough . pull back into helicopter shot that dwarf they far below we , and ... fade out . the end