anaconda . draft by " MARK haskell smith , december 1 , 1995 5 2a oo» ext . rio amazonas , brazil - dusk a high aerial view of the amazon , wind a as far as the eye can see through the planet 's least - know rain forest . the _last flare of the set sun cast a amber glow . dissolve to : ext . unnamed tributary / riverboat - night Dark water reflect the moon . Pov at water level , slowly weaving toward the kerosene run light of a traditional amazon riverboat sit slightly lopsided in the water . we may catch a glimpse of a body lie by the river 's edge near the boat . ext . river - continuous the Pov glide in as the eceasional squawk cf a parrot or . chatter of a monkey punctuate the otherwise ominous silence '' of the jungle . now circle the riverboat , then dip underwater ... we should see that ' the boat engine be batter and non-functional , beyond repair . sfx of the engine gxind , someone try desperately , futilely to get it start . ext . riverboat ( * ramona " ) - night fade lettering on she shallow draft hull inform we she 's the '' ramona " . a poacher 's pride and joy , stock with net , trap , canister : tool of the trade , but in this instance choose with a single prey in mind . from inside the crew cabin we can just hear a single , exhausted voice , speak in portugese , and , very low on the soundtrack , strange music , brazilian pop , play half -speed ... . '' int . ramona crew cabin night the musica bit louder ; the voice , still off -screen , more obviously desperate . the camera take in the cramped quarter , illuminate by the flicker light of a oil lamp . there be a single chair and a small table and four bunk , each one show evidence of have be recently occupy ... a duffel bag near one , clothes strewn about — another , yet another unmade with a boombox rest near the pillow . the music come from the boombox : we see a tape ~ spin , slower and slower , as the battery die ... the camera come to a rest on the source of the voice : a older indian man , he face scar and glisten with the sweat of fear . he sit before a shortwave radio , frantically ( continued ) 2a 2b ne shoot script - November 22 2 . continued : attempt to bring the dead piece of hardware to life -- twist the dial , babbling into the mike . all in vain : we do not even hear static from the radio . .- a sudden SMALL bump shake the boat , and the poacher . he freeze for a moment , then quickly rise , grab a nearby gun and a hammer . he move to the door , pass a picture tack on the wall : ' the picture show three men , proudly hold a large snake , about twenty foot long . the snake be mazzle and harnass with high tech trapping apparati . we recognize one of the man as the poacher ... the second man have indian feature . the third be a particulerly cocky . ' caucasian , wear a T-shirt with the rolling stone trademark tongue on it . ext . boat deck wight . the poacher dare to emerge . he look around , firearm levele . he mumble in portugese ... threat mix with plea punctuate by prayer , the rambling of a schizophrenic ... as he cross the deck , he eye darting to the river . s-shaped wave roll across the dark water 's surface and lap , against the hull , rock the boat . he get on all four and use the hammer claw to pry plank from the wooden deck . a bucket roll across the deck . he spin , fire , clang a hole through it . hesitates , go back to he chore , still mumble .. he tear up some deck plank , drag they into the cabin and slam the door . we hear now hammering sound . int . ramona crew cabin - night the poacher begin to nail wood plank to the doorframe ... Pov -- underwater | ' the unseen presence seem to be . case the boat , took for the most valnerable area of attack . . int . crew cabin night 's naile inside the cabin , the poacher back to the table , take a swig of liquor before move back to the radio . now he simply hit it . and now we hear a sputter of static . — hope . he pick up the mike and begin to talk into it but at just that moment : . something bump up underneath the floorboard . a sudden jolt , strong enough to knock the radio off the table , which shatter into piece when it hit the floor . the poacher 's ( continued ) 10 ne : shoot script - December 1 3 . continued : eye , wide with terror , lock on the floorboard . more . bumping and thumping . Little by little the old floorboard be give way , the rusty nail shaking loose . the poacher leap across the cramped room and begin pry off the plank which he would just nail over the door . the floorboard be buckle up and splintering . the poacher whimper and cry , he hand bloody and fingernails split as he yank the board from the door . suddenly , the floorboard all splinter up -- just . as the poacher frees himself out the door . : '' : ext . riverboat ( " ramona " ) - might the poacher scramble up the few steep step to the cabin roof . he look behind he and seé something terrifying . he climb to the top of the mast rise above the cabin . . huge on the figure he 's totally craze . lip aquiver . sweat stream . he look down , gasp in terror and quickly pull he leg up as far as he can -~ something 's come . he start to recite the lord prayer in portugese as he take the gun and shoot ~ into the water -- once , twice , three time . again , in vain . the boat be be violently rock by the attack creature . he check he gun , see that he have one bullet leave . he be beyond fear now : seem somehow at peace as he put the gun to he head , finish he prayer . ext . unnamed tributary / riverboat - river we be a long distance from the ramona , barely make out its small form on the quiet , black river . _ poacher ( 0.s. ) ame be , ... a single . shot .echoes . and we . fade out . ext . manaus , brazil - day like before , a high aerial view of the amazon , but this time civilization encroach . a sprawling city have edge its jag claw into the jungle -- urban concrete nibble at the massive green . a silver jet slope down and land on the edge of the city . é 10 shoot seript - December 1 4 . 11 ext . taxi van - day . . 11 C ) the van slam on its brake , screeching to a stop , barely '' miss a indian man lug a large basket of fruit . the occupant of the Van lurch against the seat . the indian man move on , after give the driver of the van a international hand signal , and the van continue to navigate the clatter and color of manaus : native in feather walk among CITY people in business suit ... kide play soccer in a muddy field that be flanke by modern office building .... STREET vendor sell everything they own .... STREET walker sell everything imaginable . see 11a ext . dock - day 11a 's the van pass across a bridge onto the dock teeming with people come and go . crate fill with electronic goods , soda , beer , barge heavily laden . boat of all size and shape -- riverboat prepare for a long journey , hammock swinging from they deck , maybe a band play as one riverboat pull out . the van pull up next to a wait speedboat the ariau jungle tower HOTEL print across the stern and disgorge the jostle occupant . first out be gary , a handsome american , he '' shoot a look at terri porter , a attractive woman in she '' twenty , confident , tough , independent . terri 's be riding in the front passenger seat : gary be expression seem to say : " what have you get we in to " . gary help DENISE kalberg , early twenty , a fresh , small - town scrubbed quality about she , as they unload they equipment . from they body language and playful manner it 's apparent that they be lover . denise wear a funky jewele erucifix from she neck . 11 .aa aerial shot -- day . : 11 . aa as the speedboat leave the city , we see the two great river of the amazon merge -- the brown water of the amazon and . the black water of the rio negro -- finger of current distinctly intertwined . ov. — ed 12 13 shoot script - December 1 5 . - ext . HOTEL day - : 12 the speedboat stop in front of the ariau jungle tower HOTEL : a astonish piece of architecture which rise out of the jungle like a elaborate treehouse . terri , denise , and Gary step out and start to unload they luggage . denise throw she arm around Gary , excited . they take a moment to share a passionate kiss . terri watch they for a beat , wistful , before carry she gear into the hotel . . ext . HOTEL catwalk - day . . , 13 Gary and denise lead the way down one of the catwalk . bird of every color flit in the jungle canopy . monkey chatter from the tree . they reach a room and denise unlock the door . she turn to terri and hand she a room key . DENISE I do not think we will see you for dinner . gary ( playfully ) she 's gonna tie I to the bed . DENISE handeuffs , Gary . handcuffs . denise playfully shove Gary into the room and close the door . terri smile wryly and walk on . angle : terri come upon a platform with a clear view of the river , she see a young black man slouching on a camera case . the case be mark with the logo for national geographic . he be : danny . terri spproach hin . : terri you must nbe the cameraman . Danny peek out from above he rayban . danny | where 's the director ? . terri that would be I . danny . you be kid I , right ? you be much too short to be a director . you get to be tall . you can not possibly be the director . 5 = 13 continued : shoot script - December 1 6 . 13 terri it 's my first time . they waive the height requirement . danny oh no ! you be a first timer ! wet behind the ear ...rookie ... and short ! terri . - you get a problem with that ? yeah . I get a problem with that . let. I tell - you , when they call and ask I to do this job I turn it down flat . I have be on location for five month and I be startin ' to get use to livin ' without plumbing . Danny . break into a huge grin . he stand danny , but when they 's say my old pal from college be direct .... and give she a warm hug . - terri - you could not resist . ; danny hey . I have to be here . this be you big break . I would not miss it . terri : I be not come down here without you . danny | : guess i. should have ask for more money . oo terri '' ( smile back ) . we would have pay it . Danny stand and pick up he gear . danny . who 's the egghead in charge ? terri Dr. Steven cale . ( continued ) 13 14 ed oo , shoot script - December 1 7 . continued : ( 2 ) - danny be not he the guy you ....? terri that 's all in the past . no more messy romance for I . I be footloose and fancy free . danny well alright . we be gonna have some . fun . terri or die try . omit 13a int . HOTEL bar - night wight encroach . and the jungle begin to come alive with sound . 's Danny sit at a table drink a beer and smoking a dannemann speciale ( small cigar native to Brazil ) . Gary enter look exhaust and walk over to Danny . gary hey . how 's it goin ' ? danny just kickin ' back , feedin' the mosquito . Danny extend he hand . danny Danny cameraman . Gary sound . please to make you acquaintance . they shake hand . Gary sit . at Danny 's signal a waiter . bring a couple of beer to the table and hand it to Gary . Gary vigorously swat the bug that swarm around he . gary . Christ . this bug ... who invite they ? danny . they only take a pint . I donate every night . better to get it over with in one sit than have they peck at you all day . . ( continued ) 13 14 shoot script - December 1 8 . 14 continued : _ 14 Gary wipe he face with a bandana . gary : they must be attract to the sweat . how be it this hot at night ? danny just think of it as New York in August . Gary take a long pull on the beer . gary you from the City ? danny Brooklyn . gary yeah !? I too . imagine that . two guy from Brooklyn in the middle of the . jungle . danny . it 's not just a job , it 's a adventure . gary . yeah , well , the pay suck on this adventure . denise walk into the bar . DENISE Gary ? Gary ? gary ( to Danny ) '' . but the fringe benefit be excellent . Gary . quickly exit . Danny finish he beer . 15 int . terri's room night 15 in the pitch black of the jungle at night , terri sit ata bamboo desk , illuminate by she laptop computer . the wall behind she be not wood but actually a large piece of screen and the sound and smell of the jungle drift into the room . she hear the eerie call of bat hawk hunt over the river , a few thump on she roof ... just as she 's start to get the creep , there 's a knock at the door . she flick on the light . : ( continued ) 15 shoot script - December 1 9 . continued : terri open the door + to reveal , dr . steven cale ( 33 ) , & handsome , articulate , and passionate professor of cultural anthropology . he hold a wrap package . in he hand . terri Steven ! when do you get in ? cale yesterday . I have be out talk to some guide . hope they might know the whereabouts of we tribe . he hand she the package . cale for you . a peace offer . terri we be not at war . cale sit on the bed . : cale then it 's for luck . terri unwrap the package and reveal a intricately woven wreath of twig , dry flower ; and feather . terri it 's beautiful . , cale . shirishama . I buy it from a river trader . it have some ceremonial significance between lover . terri give cale a look . " terri . ( pareastic ) a : really ? would that . ceremonial significance mean commitment ? or be monogamy not a word in the shirishama ~ vocabulary ? cale let out a groan . cale how long be you go to hold that against I ? I just be not ready . that do not mean I be not ready now . 15 shoot script - December 1 - 10 , 15 continued : ( 2 ) oo '' 45 terri sit back in front of she computer . terri what if I be not ready ? cale look distress . he sigh and look ont the window . terri ( cont 'd ) ( sighing ) maybe this whole thing be a big mistake . cale . : - look . I be here for strictly professional reason . and that 's a promise . I think we could work together . terri . it 's not just about we , it 's about the shirishama . they be out there . completely isolate . they have they own custom , myth , religion . unique . unlike anything we have experience . what if we pollute that ? cale we be professional ... we be make a documentary . we can do this without ' disrupt the tribe . we have be work a ) on this for too long to stop now . and ( despite everything that 's happen , I think we make a great team . ns she chew on she thumbnail and consider what he 's say . terri I know . I know . I have just get a creepy feel . sorry . he stand and put he hand on she shoulder . cale ' get over it . this be a important Project to both of we . terri open she door . : terri you be right . i'11 see you '' a the morning . | cale exit . | ~ ( continued ) o 15 17 shoot script - December 1 11 . continued : ( 3 ) 15 ext . waterfront - dawn 16 early morning -- the first light of day . a massive bulky object slide out of the derkness , move toward camera . it creek eerily as we begin to make out what it be : cena nate cee tate barge that have be up and down the amazon many time . ext . waterfront -- later : 47 " red - eye " mateo stand on the deck of the boat , sneaking a early - morning swig from he trusty , dent flask . he listen with obvious disinterest as cale show he something on a map . cale we will motor approximately a hundred and fifty mile upstream on the negro , then proceed down this tributary to the abufari reserve . mateo shake he head " no " ... cale ( cont 'd ) why not ? mateo rapid . shallow . we go this way . mateo point to another route on the map . . cale Excuse I Captain mateo , but since I be the one pay the bill , . perhaps | you 'l 1 gee clear to go my . way . '' mateo light a 2 cigarette and look at the map . mateo ' no : problem . it 's : you boat . and iam just - a hire hand . we go you way . only I . insist we take a detour .... here . otherwise I can not be responsible . he point to a specific tributary . shoot script - December 1 / 212. 17a 's ext . HOTEL waterfront — day : 17a C ) terri walk toward the fifty five - foot barge of rusted steel sh and peel paint . it 's as flat as a pancake with a square - bow and stern . there 's a raise , wooden pilot house at one end and a rusted crane at the stern . the boat ride only inch above the waterline , burden with drum of diesel fuel , coil of rope , and supply trunk . terri walk over to cale and hand hima page of script . behind they the crew set up equipment on the boat . Danny . move back and forth with he light meter . Gary fiddle with cable and tape . denise oversee the load of equipment and supplies , check they off on she clipboard . terri : Steven ? can you look this over ? cale sure . sleep well ? terri Fine . where 's westridge ? I know he check in . cale he ' i be along . beauty sleep you know . | — warren westridge , late forty , barely sweat in he linen suit , be a distinguished and impose man ; he supercilious nature be apparent as he guide the bellboy who be carry a impose stack of monogramm luggage . ' westridge . careful ! careful ! just because we be in the wild do not mean you .can sling my luggage - any which . way . westridge watch as he luggage thud on the deck next to denise . : westridge ~ you there ! Young woman ! Stow that in my room . 7 DENISE . . I be not the bellhop . I be the production manager . : shoot script - December 1 13 . 17a continued : . 17a . - : . | westridge : . then you can manage my thing into my . oy room . ~ . terri approach he . terri Mr. westridge ? terri porter . westridge ~ . ahi the director . as cadet . Professor cale leat I some of you short film . you have a modicum of . talent , but I will not ~ let you get away with any self indulgent _prattle on this shoot . terri be awed by he pomposity . terri well , thanks . ( beat ) welcome aboard , I guess . . , westridge . and get aboard be just what I be go to do . it 's too bloody hot . be we exactly on the equator ? : terri-and cale exchange a look as westridge clamber on deck '' and into one of the cabin , bang he luggage against anything that get in he way . cale jump on board and strap some diving equipment securely to a railing . Danny sit on he camera case wait for the shot . Gary and denise stand next to he . . danny dive gear ? . cale it 's. a*hobby . terri take a snapshot from shore and jump aboard as westridge come steaming out of he cabin . westridge I do * not sweat the little thing , Mr. cale , but my live guarter be uninhabitable , and that 's not a little thing . be you listen to I ? ( continued ) 17a continued : shoot seript - December 1 ( 2 ) , / cale we will see what we can do . westridge how and when ? terri we will knock out a wall , westridge . I be sure the captain will have no . problem with that . would you like a entertainment system install as well ? - westridge ihave a contract , and I will walk off this boat -- terri now 's the time to do it , then . westridge do not like what he 's hearing . terri you have get five minute to think about it , and then we debark . go think . westridge . I ... I will think . TI have think . and I will think some more . he walk off , and cale look to terri . she shrug . mateo ready to cast off ! terri and cale snap to . this be the moment they have be wait for . : 17b omit 17b ' cale alright everybody ! double check you gear ! and pray you do not forget the bug spray ! 17 . aa the barge begins to move into the canal leaving the HOTEL terri stand with Danny , Gary , and denise . ( continued ) 17a 1738 17.aa cy shoot script - December 1 be . 17.aacontinued : terri ( shouting ) Mr. westridge ! we be ready for you ! cale hand terri the page with a approve nod as westridge come lumber out of he cabin . terri thanks . here 's the script for the establish shot . she hand he the paper . westridge skim it . westridge Fine . Fine . Fine . terri ( switch into gear ) : alright ! let 's get this in the can ! she lead westridge over to he mark . Danny check the light . Gary struggle with the nagra and boom mike . the cable snake around he leg and be stick . he tug violently on it . terri . ( cont 'd ) ready Mr. westridge ? westridge nod . gary ( snap ) I be not ready ! Gary whip the mike cable around angrily . : gary ( surly ) just give I a goddamn second here ! terri cooly wait until Gary untangle the cord and nod he . ' approval . terri Roll film ! sound ! danny rollin ' . gary speed . marker . Gary dip the mike into camera view and thump it with he hand . terri signal westridge , who clear he throat . ( continued ) 17 . aa o cg shoot script - December 1 : 16 . 17 . aacontinued : ( 2 ) 17 . aa westridge : we adventure begin one thousand mile from the mouth of the mighty amazon , deep in the heart of the rainforest . we will travel by river barge up through shallow tributary and unexplored backwater in search of the elusive " people of the mist " , the shirishama tribe . the shirishama have live in complete isolation and harmony with nature for hundred of year . Dr. Steven cale , a - lead expert on this tribe , will be accompany we on we trek to help unravel the mystery of the sbirishama . ( beat ) God , that 's a mouthful . terri cut . ok . westridge start to walk off . terri-just stare at he . westridge move to the front of the barge carry a wine _ bottle and offer a benediction to the river . westridge | for God , Queen , and country ! we prey for a safe return ! he then smashes the wine bottle against the bow . he turn and see the puzzle look of the crew . westridge a cheap chardonnay . he go into he cabin . Danny shut off he camera and turn to terri . danky '' have . fun yet ? - terri.rolls she eye . Danny and Gary begin wrapping they equipment against . the humidity . cale stand at 's the railing watch the river . terri grab denise and take she aside . terri : he be a experience soundman , be not he ? _ DENISE : terri ... I would not bring a deadbeat on a shoot even if he be drop-dead adorable . ( continued ) o shoot script - December 1 a 17 . aacontinued : ( 3 ) : 17 . aa 18 . a 19 terri : look . I be sorry .. I do not mean overreact . maybe I be let he reputation get to I . _derise ( defensive ) you do not know he . . : terri you be right . but one pain in the ass be enough and westridge deserve that honor . ° if Gary do not get he act she ... i' 11 run sound and we will leave he at the first village we come to . DENISE he will be fine and I can take care of myself . cur 0 : omit 18 aerial shot will . 18. a ' the boat travel across the Rio negro . the rise sun cast a glow across the vast expanse of water . terri nudge Danny and point out some pink river dolphin in the water . Danny pan down for a shot . they pass one or two boat and turn into a smaller tributary . ext . amazon river - early day 19 the river have thicken , and there be no other boat in sight . . Danny stand near the back of the barge with a camera on he shoulder as he film the - hot , sticky jungle . Gary and 's denise be on the port side , he 's taping sound on the shore . she 's make note in she expense book . we hear '' the exotic shrill of '' bird and the cry : of small animal . - ph omit 20 ext . amazon . - day 21 late afternoon . the barge continue upriver . ( continued ) 22 21a 22 shoot script - December 1 18 . continued : ry Danny be shoot more film of the jungle . Gary adjust the shotgun microphone to get the sound of monkey in the top of the tree . he hand denise a extra set of headphone . she put they on and she face register the otherworldly - sound she hear -- monkey screeching -- they be spook . it may be the encroach rain . the air crackle . westridge look for a place to sit , but everything seem filthy . he take a handkerchief from he pocket and spread it on a suitable spot . angle : . ce - 2aas the cloud seem to suddenly expand , turn the color of lead , darken the immediate area . a bolt of lightning split the sky , and everyone run for cover as a torrential , tropic storm pour sheet of rain onto the barge . mateo struggle in the strong wind to pilot the barge up the churn brown river . everyone hide from the rain under leak canvas tenting that be drape across the deck . they all look numb and miserable and vulnerable to the power of nature . ext . farther up river - day 22 the torrential rain continue . mateo squint into the wind and be barely able to see the shoreline because the rain be so heavy . but he 's look very carefully . the barge round a bend , and Danny see it first : the shape of something in the mist . : . danny hey ! over there ! a boat , gray and heavy , tilting in the water . one by one , the other see the boat ... it appear to be abandon as it ' sag heavily , anchore but lurching from the churn water . terri point : aman stand on ' the deck of the boat , he ' loose clothing flap in the wind . soak and desperate , he : wave ‘his arm frantically at they , shouting word they can not hear . . terri call to mateo over the howling wind . terri : get close to he boat ! we will bring he aboard ! ' mateo no . you trust nobody on this water . ( continued ) , - 22 . shoot script - December a 19 . continued : 22 : DENISE . we can not leave he strand . cale squint at the vision of a man wave desperately in the + storm , a look of recognition and dread cross he face . he look to mateo , who be simply wait for instruction . : cale ( subdued ) " pull over to he boat . mateo maneuver toward the crippled boat . Danny have he camera on he shoulder . Gary and denise be taping the vicious sound of the wind and rain . mateo smile ever so slyly . the form become a man as the two boat get closer . paul sarone be tall , strong and handsome with a commanding physical presence , obvious even as he stand soak . - the two boat come close , Gary grab . a rope and heave it across the gap to sarone . Gary wrap it around a cleat as sarone pull the barge a little closer . sarone catch ! sarone throw a duffel bag to Gary , who catch it . then another . Gary plop the duffel bag down . sarone dive in the river and cale , Gary , and terri haul he aboard . he be both hot and cold , shiver as they lead he beneath some tenting . Gary pour brandy into a cup and denise wrap a arm about he shoulder . sarone drink down the brandy with one fast gulp , barely take note of the people around he . terri oo . . you okay ? . . sarone i. think so . Storm surge push I into the shallow , my propeller catch a ' rock . God know how long I would have be stick here . : ' cale we can not take you back to manaus . we be head up river . : sarone if you can just get I to the next village , I know the people . they '1l help I fix my boat . ( continued ) 22 o 23 shoot script - pecember 1 20 . continued : ( 2 ) 22 glance all around : no one have any problem with that . sarone I would really appreciate it . sorry if I be any trouble . cale do not apologize . we be at the mercy of we machine . your break . . Danny continue filming . sarone notice the camera and grin . : sarone be I go to be on the news ? sarone 's good humor disarm the crew . everyone laugh except mateo . sarone look up to mateo . mateo regards he with some mysterious knowledge : he know this man , or man like he . ext . barge deck - sunset . 23 later.now , the storm have end . the water be calm and the sky - have clear . the boat be anchore along the shore . Danny stand at the back of the boat filming . terri , cale , and westridge watch as : angle : sarone you save my life ! the least I can do be cook dinner . sarone . stand stock still in the river . he hold a crude spear above he head . suddenly , and with tremendous speed , sarone strike . he pull a large , violently flap , fish out of the water . he hold it up . . sarone Fish river style . sarone climb into the boat . - he whip out a knife and efficiently gut and clean the fish . Gary and denise have come out of they cabin . Gary watch , mesmerize by sarone 's skill . terri ' . ever work in a sushi bar , Mr. sarone ? sarone it 's safer to eat cook food . ( continued ) in ( ) continued : shoot script - pecember 1 21 . how long . have you be on the river , Mr. sarone ? " __ sarone seem like forever . I think it 's be about four year . : danny where be . you from ? sarone St. Louis . terri / what bring you here ? sarone ( laugh ) fate . bad karma . I start out study for the priesthood . after spend so much time inside I figure I need to get out . see the real world . somehow I end up here . guess I fit in . westridge and what do a fail Priest do in the jungle ? sarone I catch reptile : for zoo and collector . whatever they want . terri poach ? . sarone poach be illegal . I hunt and trap . the fish fillete , sarone rinse the fish with bottled wather and then move to the stove . terri and the other watch , intrigue by this man . gary 6 and now you be hunt ? sarone snake . mostly . danny I hate snake . ( continued ) - qo shoot script — ~ pecember 1 22 . continued : ( 2 ) / sarone ° and you all ? what be you | hunt ? westridge . . we be not hunt anything . we be make a filn . " terri ) about the shirishama . sarone : - | the people of the mist . . cale you know of they ? sarone I have see they . westridge . and so slur every other river rat after five whiskey in any bar in manaus . sarone ( laugh ) five whiskey ? that 's breakfast on the river . ( beat ) how be you go to find they ? cale . the shirishama follow the season and the eclipse . as part of they religion . we be follow the lunar calendar . sarone they also must eat . religion sometimes take back seat to hunger . could you hand I that skillet ? and some oil ? .* terri . there 's 8 some truth to that , steven . cale shoot she a look . DENISE - would . a salad go well with ' fish river style ' ? sarone wt perfect . denise hand he the skillet . sarone expertly salt and : ss the large fish , rub some oil on it , and drope it in . the skillet . the fish pop and sizzle . ( continued ) shoot script - pecember 1 23 . continued : ( 3 ) sarone pick up some small red fruit , .smashes they , pop little black seed into the pan with the fish . denise wash some vegetable with bottled water . gary what be that ? sarone chicha . they taste like peanut . cale and terri exchange a look . Danny put he camera down . he walk over to the cooking fish and inhale deeply . danny now that smell good . sarone smile . terri when do you see the tribe ? sarone about a month ago . cale can you lead we to they ? / westridge we do not need any help , thank you very much . terri do not be so hasty westridge . we might need a little help . . sarone look . you have be very kind . I feel I be get in the way ... : whatever help you ' can give we , whatever you can tell we about the river .... . sarone I owe you . if there be a spare hammock , a good night 's sleep be all I need , and in the morning I can show you where I last see the shirishama . shoot script - December 1 24. 23a ext . barge - night : . 23a C ) the remain of dinner lay scattered around the table . '' westridge kill bug with a spray can . Gary and denise , _ load down with sound equipment climb ashore . Danny stub out he cigarillo . danny fed the ' bug . time for I to turn in . ' good night . Danny stand and go into he cabin .. gary we be go to collect some wild sound . terri be careful . gary yeah . it 's a jungle out there . DENISE listen to it . it 's beautiful . Gary and denise hold hand like teenage lover as they . leave the boat , step onto shore . each carry a box as they walk into the jungle . cy , cale - there 's nothing like fall in leve . terri I hear Gary do it at least once on every job . westridge however unsavory , at least he reputation be know . it 's the hitch hiker that concern I . unbeknownst to they , sarone stand twenty foot back , watch they , concerned . westridge lean close to terri and cale . ' westridge . he 's a poacher by he own admission . cale he 's a resource , Warren . ( continued ) , shoot script - December 1 25 . 23a continued : 24 26 terri he know the river . westridge so find out what he know then and deposit he at the first opportunity . I be with the captain -- you can not trust a stranger , and I do not trust he . : terri who do you trust , Warren ? westridge nobody . but that 's beside the point . good night . westridge go into he cabin , we hear he lock the door . ext . amazon - night there be a thick mist in the air as the anchore barge rest close to the shore , bob gently in the steamy water . the night song of animal and insect blend as a single , constant sound , which be overrid by the cool clatter of mile Davis and Max roach blast loudly from a beat box . a subtle ripple upset the otherwise still black river ... omit 25 ext . barge - night terri and cale stand on the side of the barge and look out over the quietly flow river . terri hold a map and small flashlight . ' only the glow of a cigarette reveal sarone , - watch , deep in the shadow . terri . sarone say wé have get a better chance of encounter the shirishama here . what do you think ? cale he 's be there . that 's a distinct advantage . although , westridge could be right ... Mr. sarone could be some pathological liar who suffer from delusion of machismo . ( continued ) 23a 24 ~ 26 . shoot script - December 1 26 . 26 continued : - 26 terri mm . interesting theory , Dr. cale . o can : do not tell I you like that ... that ... adventure -land , crocodile dundee stuff ? terri '' I have a history of fall for man like that . cale look affectionately at terri . cale i. guess I deserve that . but I want you to know that my wander day be behind terri Said from deep in the heart of the jungle . cale yeah , but , that 's because you be here . terri . i Steven , you will always wander . it 's you co ) job . I do not mind that . cale : well ... what be it then ? '' terri I just want to know that you will eventually wander back to I . not. some grad student . cale . ' we be not exactly see each other at the time . terri ( laugh ) you be immune from prosecution . cale I think I be ready to try some kind of commitment . ( continued ) , a eeeremeneennnmannnenncsmnnnsn ii aia shoot script — December 1 27 . 26 continued : ( 2 ) : 26 terri . . . : | : but you be not sure ? ) C ) : cale be . no. I be sure . I be positively sure . I be ready to try . ' terri bat she eye playfully at cale . well , you know what they sey , you can not . ) stop a guy from try . good night , Steven . ' , terri stand and go into she cabin . cale sit on | | deck ... stare at the moon . sarone blow a smoke ring from '' the shadow . . . omit 27 28 int . westridge's room , . 28 westridge be try to sleep . he twist and turn , but Danny 's music be drive he crazy . yinally , he leap from bis bunk , spitting quiet curse as he put on a robe and stomp out of he room . 29 ° int . ballway 29 V 7 westridge storm down the hall . westridge . move straight for the door and begin knock . : Danny open the door , and westridge give he a murderous look . westridge I happen to . be a very wealthy man . danny , cos great . spare a twenty ? westridge - if you continue to play that music , I will hire someone to kill you . a . tribesman with a blow gun and a poison ~ dart and a need and a use for five : thousand american dollar . comprende ? —. : ' Danny turn the music down , just enough to hear . danny you can get it do cheaper than that . but you gotta haggle . ( continued ) cb 29 shoot script - December } ' 28 . continued : 29 westridge turn curtly and leave .. omit 30 ext . jungle clearing - night 310 denise and Gary have find a small clear in the jungle , about a hundred yard from shore ; they have they equipment out and be listen to the sound of the jungle : a symphony of insect noise , wind , and distant mammal chatter which be peculiarly sensual to the two . they eye meet . denise and Gary both feel the strange , wild lust of the jungle . . suddenly , they 'ze in each other 's arm with a passionate kiss . Gary break from she and click on the nagra . : DENISE what be you do ? : gary they want wild sound ? let 's give they some . denise laugh as Gary peel off she blouse . ' the sound . gonsume they , engulf they , fade off as they become lose in each other ... denise freeze as she eye pop wide open . gary what ? what 's wrong ? DENISE the silence .... the night be suddenly , completely silent . Pov from a distance : they be be watch . Gary turn on he ' flashlight as denise slip back into she clothes . he shine the flashlight in one direction , then quickly in another . whirl around , he flash the light at the sound behind chim : the break of a twig . nothing there . just lush jungle . a false alarm . they relax ... then another sound . a snap . he whisper to denise . gary let 's get the hell out of here . : but the flashlight have catch something , and denise be stare in shock . two glowing eye of a snort creature . terrify , denise take a step backward , then turn to run , and land smack against a tall figure . it 's sarone . ( continued ) , 31 32 33 34 35 shoot script - pecember 1 " 29 . / continued : . 31 suddenly , sarone raise he pistol and point it directly at denise and Gary . denise scream , and Gary push she out of the way . sarone fire two well - aim shot : bang ! bang ! sarone welcome to the food chain . int . cale' room night 32 work at he . computer , cale be startle by the last shot . he grab a nearby rifle and move out of . the room . deck wight : 33 terri be out of she room , as be Danny . they scramble to the edge of the boat , ad-lib " what be that ? '' " a gun , " etc . in the jungle -- close on sarone's eye . he drag something == 34 behind he . deck of the boat , rear shore oo : 35 . " cale have he gun raise , and see a figure emerge from the jungle . make it out as sarone . he keep he gun aim until he recognize gary and DENISE , bring up the rear . sarone notice as cale lower the gun . sarone reach the barge , pick up what he 's be drag , and throw it onto the deck . it land with a heavy splat . a hideous , hairy creature . ' sarone Wild boar . gores.with its tusk . go for the eye . this two be lucky to be alive . ( full of adrenaline ) so you should have see it , man ! what a shot ! '' he just blast it . DENISE . ( still in shock ) yeah . great . '' sarone look at cale , smile strangely . a pause ... - 's 1 from now on , let 's stay on the boat at night . " 35 36 shoot script - December 1 30 . continued : -_ sarone a excellent idea . sarone and cale have a moment . something have shift in the :@ynamic of the crew and they both know it . . danny . do you mind do it again ? I would like to : get it on filn . relieved laughter all around . ext . river - day the barge move slowly down the river , surround by the vast , hot jungle . Danny , Gary , and denise stand with they equipment at the ready . cale be excited , tense , check he field note and chart . terri check she notebook , scan the riverbank . sarone it 's just around this bend . the barge drift quietly around a bend to where two tributary fork . DENISE wow . Gary ! look at this . she point to a large totem carve in the shape of a snake - plant in a small clear directly at the fork . the totem , and it 's relationship to the river , look almost devotional . Danny get a shot of it . westridge step out of he cabin . . westridge - be I on ? danny . not unless you be a big 'ol creépy lookin ' wooden snake . westridge look towards the totem , even he be impressed . terri 's eye be on sarone as he survey the river . sarone point to the right . : : sarone we will find they down this fork . cale pull out he map . ( continued ) 35 36 shoot script - December 1 31 . 36 continued : cale . accord to the lunar chart they would be on that side . *. cale point to the leave . sarone this marker would indicate the shirishama be this way . cale lock at the totem . cale - what make you sure it 's shirishama ? sarone the snake . the shirishama worship giant snake -- anacondas -- as god , protector . this marker show the Queen anaconda . the mother of all snake . they have hand . down the legend of they ancestor make a.trek to a sacred lake , the first part of the passage be a waterfall protect by warrior snake . if you make it past the guardian you would travel through the land of the anaconda until you come upon a wall so > high it blott out the sun - ~ cale -- and follow the wall for five day , finally reach the end : the head of a giant anaconda . there to guard the lake for they , to keep the innocent from its poison water . en sarone you know the 's : cale yes . but ' snake myth do not tell we where the tribe be . . on sarone I know where they be . I trap snake for a live . cale look at terri . cale . and I be sure you be very good at it . I locate tribes for a live ... and I be very good at that . ( continued ) 36 36 CC ) 37 shoot script - pecember 1 32 . continued : ( 2 ) : . 36 sarone and cale have reach a standoff . mateo stick he '' head out of the pilot house . mateo patron ? which way ? . let 's try this side first . i . ' cale point to the leave and the boat go he way . sarone . ! glare at cale . i sarone ( explode ) . . . I know what I know , and you can trust it or ignore it . it really do not matter to I . just let I off at the next village . sarone spit into the water and stomp off . terri watch ... completely confuse . Danny roll film of sarone 's tantrum . . terri what the hell be that about ? ext . boat —- night 37 terri stand at the corner of the ship . cale sit near she study lunar chart in he notebook . she reach down and run she hand in the water . Pov -- underwater : move toward the hend ... come closer and closer ... color distort ... now just inch away before we cut to : . . terri's face . startle . a a hand on she shoulder . she pull she . hand out of the wa . . a quick CUT back to the underwater Pov as the the creature swerve away from the boat ... terri turn to see sarone at she side ; beyond she we make out ripple in the water , move away from the boat ; neither terri nor sarone notice the ripple . sarone have shave and put on a clean shirt . he lean toward she with a tangible physical charge . ( continued ) 2 shoot script - December 1 37 continued : : ' sarore I startle you . sorry . lu ; terri : no problem . . sarone I just want to apologize for today . you people do I a favor and I just want to help . | . terri I appreciate it . cale do not take it personally , sarone . my research be fairly extensive and I would like to test it . : sarone — ( laugh ) the jungle be not a laboratory . this be not college . this be a live , breathe thing ... with a personality ... and a voice . pay attention and you will hear it . cale roll he eye . terri some of we appreciate you effort . 33 . 37 sarone stand close to she , he body language suggest a carnal interest . sarone you listen and the river teach you about life . about beauty . cale ( sarcastic ) fascinating , I be sure . if you will excuse we , miss porter and I have some work to do . sarone give she a penetrate look . sarone . you have a good night . he move off . and she watch he . ( continued ) , _ — — — — — — $ — $ $ — 37 a 38 shoot script ~ pecember 1 | 34 . / continued : ( 2 ) 37 terri : you do not have to chase he off . cale : yeah . I do . I want to be alone with you . terri well I be flatter . cale move close to she and speak softly . ' remember the other night ? the wreath . remember I say it have ceremonial significance ? terri " I remember . cale it seem that the twig and flower be collect by the young man ... they signify growth , the cycle of the forest , fertility ... the man weave the wreath in a special interlock way . the two strand become one . then they add the feather to represent the feel of they heart as it soar . terri smile . cale and on certain night ... after the rainy season ... when the moon be new ... the man present the wreath to the woman they love asa kind of , well , marriage proposal . cale look up at the moon . terri follow he look and , sure enough , it 's a new moon . terri look cale directly . in the eye . they kiss . tenderly at first ... then hungry , passionate . terri I guess you be ready to try again . ext . river - day , 38 ' silence on the boat . the heat and boredom have take over again ; all be wear fewer clothes now , and the fabric stick to they body . ( continued ) eamnneetieemennemenmnne ss 38 ne shoot script ~ pecember 1 . 35 . continued : : 38 Quick shot of people around the boat -. cale read ... Danny , denise and Gary play card on the deck ... westridge hit golf ball off a tee and into a net with a brightly color Taylor make bubble shaft driver ... terri wiping sweat from she brow ... sarone watch terri ... mateo at the wheel of the boat . suddenly the boat lurch and groan . eye be suddenly alert as face turn quickly toward mateo , who be struggle with the wheel . terri look at Danny . panicked guilt . . westridge .- Captain ? do you have control of this vessel ? lie if you mst ... gary.and denise have the best view from the top of the wheelhouse . Gary point to the back of the boat . gary the rope ! quickly , mateo kill the engine and the shaking boat go dead in the water . the crew rush to the back of the boat and look into the river . one of the moor rope have fall off the deck and be snarl beneath the boat . the boat bas begin to drift backward in the current . rope 's tangle in the propelior . : mateo . can not be . I secure it myself . . cale mar go under and cut it loose . mateo lower the anchor to stop the drift . cale open he trunk to get to 's bis diving equipment 's . ' sarone let I . this river can kill you ina thousand way . - cale you have do more than enough for we , Mr. sarone , and we thank you . I '11 do this . denise turn to Gary and Danny . ( continued ) : shoot script -~ pecember 1 36 . 38 continued : ( 2 ) DENISE drink up , man . a pissing contest will - follow . terri ( to cale ) Steven --. : . gale ' what ? I be fix a dam boat . if a wild boar be at you throat , promise : I will let he pull it off . . 39 . time CUT : cale be in he scuba gear . Danny pick up he camera . mateo give he a sharp knife to cut the rope free , and cale drop _ over the side of the boat and into the water . 40 ext . underwater cale quickly find the tangle of rope that be snarl around the propeller . he take he knife and begin to cut it away . 41 ext . on deck everything be still as they all watch the water for cale to - reappear . mateo swig from he flask . terri , irritate , 7 ) scribbles note on a pad . she feel sarone 's eye on she ... look over ... he smile to she strangely . 42 ext . underwater cale cut more rope , but the last strand be tightly snarl . suck more oxygen , he chop vigorously at the rope , rip piece of it free . suddenly he eye pop OPEN . he drop the knife and grab for he throat . something have go terribly wrong : cale ' spit out the regulator and twist and squirm : in the water . with all he strength , he fight the current and swim llimply toward the surface - but he can not get around the bottom of : the barge . trapped there , he can not breathe . his glove 5 hand claw to find open water . 43 ext . on deck for a few second nobody sense 'a problen . denise scream . they look quickly at the water and see cale float motionless to the surface . Danny dive from the top of the wheelhouse into the water . Gary leap overboard . together , they drag the limp body to the boat , and mateo and sarone pull it aboard while westridge watch helplessly . ( continued ) 43 44 shoot script - December 1 37 . continued : 43 mateo.and sarone work desperately , rip off the oxygen mask and clear cale 's mouth with they finger . it 's mateo who find the dead wasp beneath cale 's tongue . mateo wasp ! deadly poisonous ! : cale be turn blue . Gary and Danny climb aboard . sarone ( cold and calm ) .- alcohol ! fast ! sarone snatch the ballpoint pen from terri 's numb hand and pull the knife from he belt . : westridge look to mateo . grab he flask and hand it to sarone . _ sarone make a tube of the ballpoint . he pour whiskey over the plastic tube . terri watch with breathless horror . denise clutches the crucifix around she neck and mouth a silent prayer . : Danny instinctively grab the camera and roll film . quickly and expertly , sarone make a small incision in cale 's - throat . he guide the plastic tube into the incision , and 's there be a long , tense moment before cale 's body suddenly lurch as oxygen hit he lung . he begin to breathe > through the plastic tube . the other be awestruck by what sarone have do . slowly , the color be come back to cale 's face , but he remain unconscious . ext . amazon - night / 44 . in the pilot house , mateo work the radio . oo mateo : : . mayday ! we have a medical emergency . can anybody hear I ? over . ( silence ; a. beat ) . mayday ! mayday ! anyone -- over ! still nothing . mateo ( cont 'd ) the radio be out . Danny enter the pilot house . danny let I have a look . vu ) . shoot script - December 1 38 . 44 continued : _ 44 Danny open the gut of the radio and find a maze of old tube and wire . some of the tube be obviously miss . he confront mateo . danny when be the last time this thing work ? nineteen fifty Seven ? mateo shrug . danny ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) - creepy guy , poison wasp , break radio ... what kinda bullshit be this ? 44a angle : : 44a a single light shine on the dark water as sarone surface . Gary and terri pull he aboard . . sarone / done . the engine should start now . ~ westridge let 's go ! I demand to go ! Danny and mateo climb down from the pilot house terri ( to mateo ) can you make it back ? mateo — I be blind at night . sarone : we do not get this man to a hospital soon , we might as well drop he into the river right now . danny we can light the river with we strobe . terri set them up , Danny . Fire the engine , mateo . we double back . '' Danny hustle to get some ' light , and mateo go back to the wheelhouse . sarone move to terri , he pull a map from he pocket and shine a flashlight on it . ( continued ) | 44a continued : sarone fold up he map and exit . assemble crew , who have be listen to the discussion . Danny grab terri by the arm and pull she aside . sarone enter the wheelhouse . shoot script - pecember 1 sarone . double back will not work . the engine will be fight the current . . cut down this tributary will save usa hundred mile . terri this be the route you suggest that we take yesterday . sarone - to find the tribe ... now we concern be get Professor cale to a hospital . ' terri hesitates . sarone ( cont 'd ) well ? do you want to put it to a vote ? Professor cale will have to abstain , of course . danky - what the bell be you do ? ever since ' this guy come on board ... bad thing have happen : terri what choice do we have ? Steven 's 8 die . ext . jungle - wnight Danny man the light . cale lie comatose in a hammock under a mosquito net . '' breathe be shallow and raspy through the plastic tube . terri hold he hand . every . now and then she moisten cale 's lip with a little water . omit . 46 , 47 wheelhouse night terri look to the 39 . 44a 45 white strobe light the river as the barge plow against the the crew be exhaust . 46 48 he look out and see the snake totem at the fork in the river . mateo steer the barge down the fork sarone suggest . they grin at each other : senspirator . sarone flip he knife into the air , catch o o 49 shoot script - December 1 40 . | '' ext . amazon - dawn . . . 49 the barge ease downriver . suddenly , mateo cut the barge 's diesel engine . Silent drift . everyone 's attention be - @ qrawn to the river . ahead be a man-made dam , construct of interlock log that be mortare with mo across the . _ narrow river . wo way to move past . the barge bump gently against the dam . terri come forward on the deck , alarmed , she shoot 'a glance to sarone . terri this , be the river you know ? - barone this be new . do not panic . terri , I be not panic . I be look at a dam that ! 's block we way down this river you know . danny maybe we should just back up , get a run start , and smash through it . sarone or . sarone move a duffel bag , pull out four stick of dynamite . gary . ( impressed ) - dynamite ? that 's real dynamite ?. sarone — good to be prepare . yeah . Boy scout 's motto . terri you have get to . be kid . the dam must be here for a reason . sarone . maybe there be ghostly spirit up ahead . monster . terri I be talk about upsetting the ecological balance of this river . ( contisued ) . , on , 49 50 shoot script - December 1 41 . continued : . . 49 danny she 's right . this be nothing to joke about , you just can not go around blow thing up if they be in you way . sarone beaver did't build that dam . Men do . I can blow it in ten minute . or we can turn around and lose two day . : westridge blow the blast thing -- gary if it 's the fastest way out of here ... terri 's eye burn into sarone 's . she do not like this at all . but she seem to have no choice . sarone I need some help . Gary ? Gary . shrug . sarone point he to a rowboat . Gary get in , and sarone toss he . the dynamite , which he nervously : fumble . sarone look to terri . sarone you assist mateo . JI do not have a remote detonator ; float out fifty foot , be ready to move the second we get back . terri follow sarone 's command . sarone get in the rowboat and terri move into the pilot house with mateo . terri erank up the engine as mateo turn the barge around . ext . dam = day . 50 the rowboat glide down the dam . . gary . you be sure this be safe . sarone it be not safe . but that 's part of the fun . now take this under and jam they five foot apart at the base of the dam . connect they with this wire . Gary nod , take the dynamite , then drop overboard . 51 ' 52 53 shoot script - December 1 42. int . pilot house . : : / 51 mateo steer the barge up river . terri he say fifty foot . . mateo . give or take . they be strong man . ext . underwater no 52 ° Pov , from a distance : a slightly ' distort long shot of Gary , underwater.now , near the base of the dam . still at first , the Pov begins moving quickly toward Gary ... close . on Gary : he 's get the first stick of dynamite in place , and be wedge in the second , when he suddenly feel the presence behind he ... he stop , frighten ... turn ... _ the moving Pov suddenly stop , hover . gary Pov : his vision do not match whatever be move toward he . he see be the merest hint of something in the murky water . adrenalin pump , he set back to work . ext . the dam : 53 sarone run along the top of the dam , link the fuse together . gary surface . . gary it 's set . sarone good. ( note Gary 's fear ) . be you okay ? — gary something 's down there . : sarone you bet . deadly . gary no , really . I feel it .... sarone no , really . I be agree . the timer be set . back to the barge . ( continued ) o 53 55 56 57 58 59 60 shoot sseript - December 1 43 . continued : Gary scramble into the rowboat and they head back ... ext . barge , denise help sarone and Gary aboard . the engine be chugge , ' strain , and then suddenly stall . _ westridge : that do not sound proper . terri crank the engine ... . sarone . mateo , damn it -- you set the boat in the current ! we will drift right back . mateo run to the anchor and begin to drop it . no ! we be too close already -- we have get to get the engine run . the fuse sizzle , two or three foot remain . ext . barge sarone open the hood to the engine compartment , revealing a maze of pipe and valve . he open a valve and hot steam explode out . he open another valve and begin to release the pressure . work frantically , cover with sweat . ext . dam the fuse burn closer and closer to the explosive . -ext . barge the barge drift . closer to the dam . terri grind the ignition , over and over . all stand breathless . Danny grab the camera and crouch to get a shot ... . ext . dam the fuse be . less than a inch from hit the explosive . ext . barge ' : sarone finally find the valve he be look for . he turn | it : the gauge begin to work again -- there be power . ( continued ) 53 54 55 56 57 58 . 59 60 ° ee aie yt '' oy vj 60 61 62 63 . shoot seript - December a 44 , continued : sarone now ! wit it ! int . pilot house tense but under control , . terri turn the ignition with futility . she turn it off -- pause -- wait one agonizingly long moment -- try again . the engine catch , sputter , catch again . then it - revs and roar . mateo open the throttle and the barge chug . away from the dam . terri go! gol ! = danny this should be good . ext . dam we see the fuse burn down the explosive and .... boom ! the dam blow sky high , the explosion rock the jungle . ext . river the barge heave upward like a buck horse . everyone be - knock down . High fly debris suddenly rain down upon the barge . the crew duck away from log and stick and rock . terri point with alarm at the spare fuel . drum that be roll across the deck and plunging into the river . terri the fuel drum ! Gary lunge for a drum , but it 's too heavy for he to hold . one drum roll to the edge , hang there for a moment , then topple into the water . another fall into the river , then another , they weight too much to stop , and as each hit the surface , it sink and disappear . sarone appear from below deck , then rush to the pilot house to take control of the barge as debris still rain . danny's .pov , through the camera : something enter frame , dark and out of focus , block half the shot . move . Danny pull the camera from he eye and turn it ... coiled around the camera be a SMALL shake . panic . Danny freeze in absolute bowel wrenching fear . terri see it , grab a stick and hit the snake until it let go of the camera and slither overboard . she then look to she foot and the deck around she : snake be all around , wriggle and ( continued ) 60 61 62 63 — — — — — — — — — . _ shoot script - December 1 45 . 63 continued : 63 squirming . Danny be unable to move . everyone else run around the deck stomping at the snake , kick they o~\ overboard . one of they have land on westridge 's hand and he look blankly at it . westridge Danny . maybe we should get this . the idea of hide behind the lens be a good one . Danny turn the camera , now free of the snake , to film westridge , who be amazingly calm as the small snake coil itself around he hand , squeezing tightly . westridge try to peel the anaconda away , turn to the camera . westridge ( to camera ) oo after the explosion , snake rain down from the sky . I most fervently hope not of the venomous sort . Mr. sarone ? sarone no , this be anaconda -- constrict . sarone watch the small : snake , fascinate . westridge ( still straggling ) I will say . as you can see , the little bagger -- hold it , we do not have sound , do cs the baby ' snake ntwist back and with its body still tight around westridge 's finger , be now try to swallow westridge 's fingertip whole . westridge be suddenly terrify . westridge ( in obvious pain ) '' ow ! you little shit ! somebody help I get this thing off my fucking hand ! sarone so young and already so fierce . can you imagine be bear with such perfect , lethal , instinct ? in another ten second that finger will turn blue ... then it : will explode . westridge 's index finger be , indeed , turn blue . Danny drop he camera and attempt to help , but the snake give bim the heebee - geebee and he 's helpless . he will not touch it , do not know where to begin . sarone move forward and rip the snake off westridge 's finger with blind speed . it ' skid across the deck and fall into the river . westridge on shoot Danny a look . Danny shrug . ( continued ) . , as ee 63 64 shoot seript - December 1 46 . continued : ( 2 ) : danny I be a city boy . meanwhile , mateo have hook up a water hose at the back of the boat . he rush forward with the water at full pressure , and he blast the baby snake off the deck and into the. water . Danny look at mateo with genuine gratitude . danny ( be : snake ) mateo ! you save my life ! sarone have the engine roaring as the barge begin to turn around and head back toward the break hole in the dam . it 's a narrow open , but sarone guide the boat expertly . the barge squeeze through the open in the dam , bump twice on each side , slide into calm water . : ext . amazon -. day mid-afternoon and the barge be far down the river from the dam . westridge be in he room . Gary sit against a post . denise casually lean against he . sarone be in the pilot house , guide the barge downstream . mateo take a catnap in '' he hammock . and terri stand vigil over the unconscious cale . Danny come up behind terri and put a hand on she shoulder . . danny hey . how 's he do ? terri I do not know . he 's breathe . danny : that 's good . you know that 's good . they share a look of compassion and camraderie . danny ( cont 'd ) do not sweat it . we will get he home . and this be not the last movie you will ever direct . we will work together soon . terri smile at Danny . terri thanks . but we would not be in this mess if I would listen to sarone . ( continued ) - 63 64 64 65 shoot script - December 1 470 + continued : : 64 danny : oh , man , do not do that to yourself . ( beat ) '' and if you have not notice , we have be listen to he . Danny look up at sarone . sarone feel himself be scrutinize , and look down at Danny with a pierce gaze . Danny look away . sneak a glance at terri , who now simply leok at he out of the corner of she eye . whatever think they be share they leave unspoken . ext . amazon - day . 65 the barge motor down the river . everyone be on deck because it 's too hot below . Danny play a little poker with Gary and denise , just lose when we come into the game . . danny oh , demn . you be good . " ( to Gary ) she 's ( jood . make it interesting . . this time five dollar ante ... . DENISE : yeah , this time you do not let I win . danny ko , I let you win this time . then I reise the stake . then you lose . five buck , c'mon . westridge , in he sock , spray 5 antifungal medicine into he shoe . sarone and terri stand nearby . sarone be alert . he scan the bank of the river through a pair of binocular . he listen intently to the jungle , he ear cocked , he nerve alive . westridge . my sock be grow fungi that be last see by homo erectus . sarone shhsssh . listen to the jungle . westridge . . I be far too familiar with the sound of the blast jungle . chatter simian . remind I of the mcclaugblin Group . suddenly there 's a shriek in the far distance , follow by silence . westridge be startle . ( continued ) 65 shoot seript - December 1 4b . continued : - westridge what be that ? sarone the sound of a kill . . westridge you will hear that sound come from my . agent when I get off this wretch barge . . : a. terri walk past sarone . sarone miss porter ? where be you go ? sarone follow terri , walk ahead of she , stand in front of she , stop she . terri I be go to check the map . . sarone we be go in the right direction . do not worry . terri can not help it . I 'ma professional worrier . she walk off below deck . sarone watch she . a little angry . and more than a little arouse . mateo ( from pilot house ) look there ! we three player turn to look ' upriver , as do sarone and westridge .. terri come up from below . deck and see . what the other be look at : . '' a boat , list to.one side , damage and probably abandon . it hang in a grove of palm on a little ptt of sand dead center in the river . Gary drop anchor and look to sarone , who scrutinize the boat with narrow eye . . terri you know the boat ? sarone lot of boat like that on the river . sarone take a rifle from one of he bag . ( continued ) 65 65 .. 68 . shoot script - December 1 49 . continued : ( 2 ) 65 _ terri do you need that ? sarone hate to need it and not have it . the barge have drift to the end of the anchor line and be thirty yard from the list boat . there be no sign of life . terri call out . terri .- hello ! wo response . mateo clang the barge bell . still nothing . sarone fire a shot in the air , and the startle jungle scream back . then ... nothing . mateo : could be fuel on board . supplies . : terri look like it 's be there a while . sarone could have be there a week or ten year . better board now if we be go to -- it 's get dark . . DENISE what if somebody 's just leave it for the time be ? sarone that will be apparent soon enough . mateo , come with I . oo danny . . wait ! I want to get . this on filn . Danny grab he camera and the three man move into action . _ext . sand pit - duskmateo , sar 68 not and Danny wade through shallow from the barge to the little sandy spit . sarone have he rifle . they flashlight beam illuminate the houseboat loom ahead , revealing the fade paint of its name , which we have see before : : '' ramona . " sarone and mateo share a glance . saronespl ( continued ) 68 69 shoot script ~ pecember 1 50 . continued : ° 68 tupa d circle the boat . they do so - nmotmaomak ext . " ramona " 69 a eerie silence as the three man climb aboard . still separate , they search the boat carefully . mateo try to open the pilot house door , but it 's stick . he slam he weight against the door , but it will not budge . stepping back , he kick the door with all he strength . it splinter and crash open . mateo look cautiously inside . on the other side of the boat , Danny begin he own search . the deck creak eerily beneath he . a old wooden . cabinet door open and shut ever so slightly with the shifting of the boat in the current . Danny slowly open the cabinet , peek into the darkness inside . two red dot glow , about a inch apart ... Danny , spook , pull the camera from he face and start to shut the door when the dot shoot toward he . the eye of some ereature , lung at he face . Danny scream , reel away . mateo and sarone come run . they all see a iguana , about a foot long , scurrying across the deck and splash into the tiver . danny be white with fear , lean on the railing . sarone chuckle . sarone iguana . you must have scared the crap ont - of he . '' danny I doubt that .. any other creature hang around ? . sarose I would say with that scream you send the skittish one leaping overboard . anything leave be probably just piss . _ danny great . just great . sarone keep look ... danny look ? for what ? ( cortinued ) 69 70 721 shoot script - December 1 continued : ' sarone treasure , my friend .... sarone start off . Danny , hesitates , then follow . dansy we can look together . int . below deck — 51 . Danny follow sarone below deck . the wall and door be damage , splinter by a attack . Danny can not believe it . : danny Jesus hairy -ass Christ ... sarone 's flashlight skim the wall , stopping on the photo we see at the beginning of the film , the one of three men hold a snake . we now recognize one of that man as sarone . making sure that danny be not looking , sarone rip the picture from the wall and stuff it in he pocket . int . pilot house mateo squeeze through 's the splinter door . he look puzzle . there be shard of rotted deck planking propped . against the door . someone be try to keep something out . ext . below deck sarone find a metal footlocker and try to open it . the rusted hinge refuse to give . he strain at the door with all he strength , and it finally open with a stubborn creak sound . . inside the : footlocker be a hodgepodge of survival gear , along with sophisticated trapping paraphenalia . ' sarone 's eye light up . he 's hit the jackpot . ' sarone . this -- this we will take with we . : danny what be it ? sarone survival gear . help I out . | danny so we can go now ? - + sarone yes , we can go . ( continued ) : 69 70 721 72 : shoot script - December 1 _72 continued : : suddenly sarone swing he flashlight to the wall -- ( _y sarone oa shit ! what' that ? 52 . Danny duck , hit the deck , sarone stand dead still , move earefully forward . pull something from the far wall . Danny flip around , start scurrying back , but stop when he see that all sarone have be weathered centerfold . sarone . - wouldn 's t mind be eat by this , eh ? ~ danny . yeah , very funny , ha ha . let 's go . Danny put he camera into the locker . sarone pick up one : end of the footlocker and Danny lift the other . 72 a ext . ramona deck - continuous , they carry it to the railing of the boat . sarone ( call ) mateo ! back to the boat . boat and lower it the the sand spit below . 72b angle : '' ' Danny and sarone lift the footlocker over the side of the a mateo come out of the pilot house and slip on the scummy deck . he slide like a puck on ice --- off the blind side of the boat and into the mucky water . 72c angle : rising in the ' shallow water , he wipe the muck off he hand . mateo shit .... danny's voice ( from a distance ) mateo ! come on ! mateo ( call out ) yeah , yeah , I be come . mateo pull one foot out of the muck , then another . he : grab - hold of a float tree trunk and try to pull himself up . ( continued ) 72 72a 723 72 c — — _ — $ — $ $ $ $ shoot script — pecember 1 $ 3 . 12c continued : : 72 the '' tree trunk " flinch and flick ~-- a large muscle that ripple in mareo 's grasp . o startle , mateo take a step back and look around : there 's a '' tree trunk " there too . he be in the middle of a loop and suddenly terror stricken ... protest weakly ( " what the - -? " ) . the loop snap tight like a slip knot around he , constrict he abdomen from movement or breathe . his mouth be open in a silent scream ... . 72d angle : . , . , -- 72d across the water , mateo can see the light of the barge and the silhouettes of Danny and sarone as they carry the footlocker , but have not breath to call out to they . 72e angle : 72e a second loop of the '' tree trunk " snap around mateo . his face be bett red and he bulg eye be lock on the distant light of the barge . ' his jaw work furiously and silently , he tongue balloon and nose bleed . danny's voice . mateo ! what be you do back there ? cb what mateo be do be die . a large , dark oval shape mve in front of the camera and engulf mateo 's limp body . 72 pf ext . barge - dusk 72f danny and sarone approach the barge . Danny look concerned . dasny mateo ! = ( the sarone ) we should - go back for he .. sarone . ' '' he 's fine . let 's get this on the boat . ( call up 'to the deck ) give we a hand here . '' Gary , denise and terri wait at the railing . they help hoist the footlocker onto the deck . sarone climb up after it . terri where 's mateo ? ( continued ) , shoot script - pecember 1 54 . 72f continued : danny . he be right behind we . wow he 's not answer . maybe he slip , hit he head . you should go back for he , sarone . : ' o™ '' sarone first it . be we , now it 's I ? he 's poke around for booze . do not sweat it . there be a sudden splash of water in the blackness beyond the strand boat . all head turn , but there be no further : sound . sarone look down s-shape wave that roll across the black water against the hull of the barge . . danny mateo ! ( to the other ) I be go back . . Gary grab he headphone and a high power shotgun microphone . gary hang on . if he 's on the boat I will hear he . shhh . . everyone be silent as Gary aim the mike at the boat . we hear the highly amplify sound of lap water , mosquito , air . move through the foliage . nothing human . . go gary weird . if he be out there I would hear he breathe . Danny jump over the side . danny I will find hin . sarone : _ you be careful .- : ~ - sarone drag the footlocker away . terri Danny -- danny ( not sure ) I will be okay . ( continued ) 72f a o shoot script - December 1 55 . 72f . continued : ( 2 ) , 72e 730 74 Danny . wade back toward the vague shape of the ramona , and | terri watch he , worried , she turn to sarone . terri sarone , go with he -- sarone he 's the one who 's worried . ext . river shallows night . . 73 close on danny's face , backlit by mateo 's boat , as he move into the darkness . we stay with he , just inch in front of he ... the camera move in a tight circle around he , so we be now follow he , toward the boat ... ext . barge 74 back on the barge , terri approach sarone , who be open ' the footlocker and take inventory of its content . terri can not that wait ? the captain of we boat be miss . . DENISE you do not even care , do you ? sarone I care . terri then go look for he . do not. send Danny . : sarone : I didn 's t send he , he go . sarone keep palling thing from the locker ... a military vest , mirror , a cigarette lighter , flare , a pocket knife . terri : fuck 's you , sarone . you be scared . sarone not scared . just not stupid . ' DENISE what be that suppose to mean ? ( continued ) 74 75 76 shoot seript - December 1 56 . continued : : . . 74 ; sarone this be the jungle . the fastest , the strongest , the most cun and vicious survive . terri you fit right in , do not you ? sarone ( shrugging ) | there be worse way to go . ext . ramona wight . , : 75 Danny move around the boat , call mateo 's name . he be answer by the wind in the tree and the lap of the water . from the bank something tuck in the foliage watch , not move . so a Danny wave he flashlight across the river bank , see nothing but foliage and shadow . he now spot a thin shaft - of light beam up between clump of water- hyacinth . he move to it and picka it up . mateo' flashlight , still.on ..- back on the boat 76 terri what do you mean ? sarone , out of patience , pull a large , rolled - up bundle from the locker . it look like a moth eat cloth . he stand tall , look at terri with a penetrate glare . . sarone : mateo be dead . I be gonna wait a couple hour so you guy could be as sure as I be ... but he will find out . : DENISE you let he go ? terri run to the edge of the boat and call for Danny . she see nothing but darkness . sarone set the bundle aside and pull from the lecker a crossbow -tranquilizer gun and a half a dozen cylinder mark '' moro - 809 . " his eye light up as he check the gun . ( continued ) = , 76 > shoot script - December 1 37 . continued : '' 76 sarone here 's the prize ... westridge you be a remarkable man , Mr. sarone . this. be not intend as a compliment . Gary and denise have join terri at the edge of the boat . all eye wide as they call Danny 's name . now they see a light come toward they . and hear Danny 's voice , call out '' I be here . " sarone , now kneel , cut the rope wrapping on the roll - up bundle , as terri and Gary help Danny on board . terri you okay ? yeah . wo sign of he . just he flashlight . I do not know ... . dany , climb on board , look over to sarone , who kick the bundle . it roll all the way across the deck , stop at Danny 's foot . all eye be on sarone now ... ' sarone anaconda skin . it must stretch thirty - five foot . Danny be dumbfounded . . danny . there be snake out there like this ? sarone and bigger . this skin be two , three year old . whatever shed it have grow since then . and it , or one of its kin , I suspect , have make a meal of we dear captain . terri look faint ... terri snake do not eat people . sarone why would not they ? terri I do not believe you . ( continued ) . _ ss 76 shoot script ~ pecember 1 continued : ( 2 ) sarone : I would not of believe it ' myself if I have not see a village woman cut out of the belly of a thirty footer with my own eye . danny you be creep I out . sarone she have go to the riverbank to do she laundry . next thing anyone see ... bubbles in the water . it take fifteen man a hour to wrestle that beast . but it be too late for she . | denise put she arm around Gary . sarone anaconda ! 's be the perfect kill machine . they can sense heat . like to hunt at night when the forest cool down and warm blooded creature be easier to detect . even in the pitch black they can hit they prey within five degree of dead center . a warm body like mateo 's in the water ... I be sure it only take a few 58 . '' second . ( beat ) when they strike ... wrap - around you in a second and hold you tighter then you true love . you get the privelidge of hearing you bone break before the power of the embrace cause you vein to explode . everyone stand there , spook . DENISE he 's probably just lose . gary it do not seem right . we would have hear something . . sarone the jungle do not care about right or wrong . it only care about survival . ' the native call they the , ' hungry muscle 's . sarone shake the snake skin . ( continued ) - 76 '' J 76 77 shoot script - December 1 59 .° continued : ( 3 ) 76 sarone : creature this big , capture alive , worth a@ pretty penny . . Danny be lean on terri , barely able to stand . they all just stare at sarone , horrify , disgust , speechless at the man 's insensitivity . : sarone 4 please , people , do not make I out a monster . I do not eat the captain . terri will not look at sarone now . ~ she turn to the other . terri we be not sure he 's dead . we will wait here till the morning . westridge run up and grab terri . he 's shaking with fear . westridge ( scream ) . be you insane ?!? you hear what he say . we have get to get the hell out of here ! we can not sit around and wait for the monster to come back ! terri get a'grip , westridge . we be not leave . if that be you out there you would want we to stay . westridge but ...but ... the snake ... terri go ' into you cabin and lock the door . Danny , Gary , let 's aim some light at the boat . they do as she say . time jump : ext . night - a hour or so later : - 77 a steady rain fall . strong light illuminate the ramona - and the area surround it . terri and Danny stand at the edge of the deck , watch the shadow sway near the boat . nearby denise stand with Gary , look up to sarone , who sit in the pilot house , smoking a cigar . ss : shoot script .~ pecember 1 60 . 77 continued : 77 DENISE . : os I be not so sure he do not eat the . cy captain . he certainly look satiate . ' ( distract ) | yeah ...- '' danny ' he be right there . I can not believe a snake ... I mean , I would have hear it . terri : get some sleep . ( raise she voice ) everybody . let 's turn in . '' denise squeeze Gary 's hand . DENISE ( whisper ) I be scared . gary let 's go to bed . they turn and start to leave . — '' : = '' excite . be not it ? Gary turn and look at sarone . they eye meet . gary ( soothingly to denise ) I '1l be there in a few minute . she look at he strangely , then move to she cabin . the other . also move off the deck , to they room . Gary stay on deck . look up to sarone . he hesitates , then move up to the pilot house . 77r angle : '' 77 % sarone turn . as if expect he . . gary so ... sarone . it 's out there , be not it ? ( continued ) shoot script ~ pecember 1 61 . 77 & continued : 's t7a . sarone as Captain mateo prove . : and you know how to catch this thing ? . sarone nod . . sarone . be great to capture something like that on film , would not it ? - / gary ( nodd ) there might be a buyer for that kind of footage . how much be the snake worth ? sarone maybe a hundred grand . . gary that 's quite a payday for you . sarone it be not bad . sarone gesture to the weapon laid out on the deck . cs : sarone but a man can not catch a anaconda by himself . I need a partner . I think I 'ma good judge of character . you seem the right man for the job . : gary what about cale ? sarone : a day . maybe two . do you think it matter to Professor cale ? : sarone turn and look straight into Gary 's eye . Gary be silent , though he eye speak volume . omit 78 79 &ext . amazon - dawn . : 79 the boat sit , anchore , as the sun rise on the river . 80 80 a 80b soc 80d 80e 81 shoot seript - December 1 ~ 62 . various shot around the boat people stir , unable to sleep : westridge , wear he nightshade ; : int . 's danny's cabin Danny , curl up with he pillow . int . cale' cabin cale , still comatose , he breathe labor . -int . gary and DENISE ; Gary be wide awake . denise stir next to he , groggily open she eye , make part of she dream the image of Gary with he eye open , move closer to he , hold he tight . int. terri's room and terri , in she own dream world : ka-click ! a sound that might be in she dream or nightmare ... she stir , fight to wake from she slumber ... ka-click ! suddenly , she eye open - - just a flutter at first , then pop wide open . ka-click ! ' ext . deck + continuous terri 's door be ajar , and she see sarone , on deck . he work on the breach of bis rifle , oiling it , work it , fitting it together . he glance toward she room , see she awake . she feel violate . how long have he be there ? look at she ? he smile . she get up and kick she door close . sit for a moment . she have fall asleep in she clothes . she stand on deck , in he bright sunlight , terri approach sarone . . stop before he . : . terri do not you sleep ? . sarone when necessary . terri mateo . ..? ( continued ) 80 b0a 808 80c 80d 80e 81 rr shoot script — December 1 63 . 81 continued : : 81 ' sarone : no sign . look , I be sorry about , last night . I like mateo. ( beat ) I check on the professor a hour ago . no better , no worse . terri : so we turn back the way we come , and we get he to a hospital in manaus . meanwhile we work on the radio ... Gary be now on the deck . his voice startles terri-- gary no use , terri . the tube be miss . terri look at Gary , confuse . terri . whatever . we turn back . I will not take we any further into this jungle . ' westridge have appear . westridge . she 's right . we get : out of this blast = ' place before it eat we alive . sarone you be up early , Warren . westridge who could sleep ? and what be that thing still do out here ? must we be remind . ..? he 's refer tothe anaconda skin , still unfurl . sarone . relax . have a cup of coffee . I know how irritable you get before you morning _ '' fix . I will get this out of you way ... ( zoll up the skin ) as for turn back . can not do it . terri yes we can , and we will . we go back to the main river and follow the map . ( contirued ) , cc ) 81 82 shoot script - December 1 64 . continued : ( 2 ) sarone . run out of fuel a hundred mile from . manaus . gary he 's right , terri . terri look at Gary with a gnaw suspicion ... terri since when have you become a master navigator , Gary ? gary . I look at the fuel gauge . it do not take a rocket scientist . : terri so we go he way . this be a question , a statement , a expression of defeat . all recognize it as such ; all silently accept ... ° sarone my way once , maybe . now it 's the only way . now it 's we way . trust I . we have lose one man . we do not want to lose another . we have no choice . sarone be finish roll up the snakeskin , and he pick up the rifle again , and look off to where mateo be kill . sarone ( make the sign of the cross ) ash to ash , dust to dust . if I die , do not mourn I . . : terri : no problem . danny watch from he cabin . see only the current ' tableaux : sarone stand with he rifle , face terri and westridge ... and Gary somewhere in the middle . ext . downriver - later the barge have steam farther downriver , away from the scene of mateo 's disappearance . sarone , a bundle of energy , tie rope , prepare net , and check tranquilizer dart . . DENISE stand with gary . ( continued ) . 81 82° shoot script - December 1 65 . . | " 82 . continued : : 82 | DENISE . what the heck be he up to ? ; cy sarone throw a glance to Gary , then go about he business . danny busy little beaver , sarone . . ' sarone ' idle hand . you know what they say . sarone grab he rifle now , smile ... sarone keep it steady up there , Warren . westridge be at the wheel , steering the barge uneasily into unchart water . he open a bottle of wine from the galley . worn and tear by the jungle , he still insist on elegance as he pour the wine into a goblet . . 83 int . cale' cabin , : 83 terri sit near cale 's sickbe hold he hand . he take shallow , though consistent , breath . terri put the back of . she hand to he forehead , like a mother . cale stir . bis eye | on flutter . : . : | sa | terri | Steven ? . : cale ( weakly ) terri . hi. — : terri feeling better ? cale no idea . terri do not worry , we be get you to the hospital as soon as we can . terri kiss he forehead . tear well in she eye . ' terri you just hang on . ( continued ) 5 cy 4 83 84 84a . shoot script - December 1 66 . continued : 83 cale ( smile ) I be not go anywhere . terri you better not . I just get you back , I be not lose you again . suddenly gunshot split the silence . : terri ( cont 'd ) ( concerned ) : I will be right back . ' int . pilot house 84 westridge lurch at the wheel , spilling he wine . ext . barge 84a a large limb of a tree break and fall , crash into the water and drift downstream . sarone have split the limb with a powerful : gun . terri come forward to check the source of the shot . sarone continue to shoot the powerful gan , and a dead monkey drop into the water . Danny , shocked , move over to confront sarone . '' terri be close behind . . danny what the hell be you do ? - . sarone shoot monkey . can not bag game without bait . : / : terri . bait ? danny game ? what game ? sarone anaconda . sarone take another shot , miss . oe sarone see . you make I lose my concentration . vo™n , os shoot script - December 1 67 . 84a continued : terri be you crazy ? '' we have get a sick man on board ! we be not here to catch snake . sarone I be . danny what about cale ? sarone . it should not take jong . anaconda be very hungry . . terri forget it ! not on my boat . sarone it 's you boat now , be it . ( to westridge ) bear to you right , Warren . terri . do not ! keep to the center of the river . sarone do what I say , westridge . westridge look down at sarone . sarone chamber another round into the gun . terri you can not do this . we will not allow it . '' sarone we ? you think you speak for everybody ? '' ( the Gary ) do she speak , for \evexybody , Gary ? all eye turn to Gary . he look like a kid catch steal . DENISE Gary ? gary : look . the way I figure it , with cale mess up , the movie 's off . why not salvage something ? why not film sarone capture a big snake ? ( continued ) b4a shoot script ~ pecember 1 68. 84a continued : ( 2 ) . 84a terri have you lose you mind ? gary no . if anything I be completely lucid . it 's you guy who be not see the situation clearly . help I out then . I be have a little trouble make the leap fram ... get a man '' to the hospital to ... hunt for snake . gary we be in the middle of the jungle ! all you guy do be question and criticize . you do not know anything about the shit we be in . ( point to sarone ) but he do . he 's be here and if we help he catch the snake , he will help we get out of here alive . and that , amigo , be not . insanity . that be common— fuck - sense . DENISE ( take a step towards Gary ) you bastard ! terri pull she . back . terri better you find out now . the barge have catch up with the dead monkey , and sarone net it out of the water . '' gary what : else can we do ? Gary stand there a determine look on he face . Danny move towards sarone , unintimidate . . I know what I be gonna do . I be gonna throw both you ass in the river . sarone level the gun at Danny . he slam another round in , click off the safety , and pull the trigger . boom ! the | bullet rip a hunk of wood off the side of the boat a few . inch from Danny 's head . Danny duck as wood splinter shower he head . sarone pump another round in the chamber . ( continued ) shoot script - December 1 - 84a continued : ( 3 ) 85 sarone bot. today . 69 . b4a Danny slowly back up to where terri and penise stand . terri you be not go to get away with this . ' sarone ( ignore she ) Gary , gimme a hand . Gary move to help . sarone impale one of the monkey on a grapple hook attach to a leng line wound on the crane . ext . amazon . — day 85 farther downriver . ' sarone stand testing the hood device , he eye watch the distant line in the water that drag the monkey a hundred yard behind the barge . Gary stand awkwardly near he , hold a tranquilizer crossbow . ' Danny stand with he camera at the ready . terri at he side . denise sit , a sick look on she face . DENISE ( to terri ) I be so sorry I bring he along . I really mess up . ° terri never say yes when you leg be in the air _ DENISE this be . all my fault . terri : forget it . we will get through this . suddenly , everyone turn .. as the crane winch squeak and slowly make a half rotation . sarone be right on it . he 's - get a nibble on the monkey . the crane winch squeak again and turn a full rotation . sarone jump down from the crane seat and quickly tie rope to the large iron cleat on the side of the barge . he get out he spear gun and start to attach a rope with a large lasso around it . ( continued ) . o 85 85 a 85b shoot seript - December 1 70 . continued : : 85 sarone . ( to Gary ) lemme get it within ten foot , then hand I the bow . sarone return to the crane seat just as the crane winch squeak again and turn another full rotation . sarone lean forward , ready to strike . he reel the line in slowly . terri see a little swirl of water seventy yard behind the boat . the monkey have be swallow and something be . move in . ' the crane boom groan and swing a yard to the right . sarone crank the winch slowly , careful not to lose the prey . the line be stretch tight , weaving back and forth . all eye be on the line . heart be in throat . the crane boom suddenly jerk to the opposite side . sarone brace he leg and crank the winch with more power , slowly reeling in he catch . whatever . be in the water start - to thrash like crazy . it 's still thirty yard from the barge . angle : 85a everyone on deck gasp as they see a portion of the prey break the surface : three foot of olive black snake trunk writhe , churn the water . sarone strain with all he strength , draw the coiling snake a few yard closer to the barge . he yell at Gary to get ready . he reel in with all he strength , possess . suddenly , the grapple hook dislodge from the snake . the reel spin and . sarone topple backward off the crane seat and | onte the deck . slam in to westridge and knock he down . the snake disappear back into ' the water . they be all stunne . profound silence . . sarone pick himself up painfully from the.deck . westridge stand , look for he glass . they all just stand there , watch , wait , . listen to the silence .... of westridge kneel to pick up ‘his glass that fall onto the deck . ' angle : . : 853 suddenly a tremendous wash flood over the deck as the snake shoot out of the river in a wild , shocking moment . the snake spit the dead monkey out of he mouth and onto the deck . mateo 's earring land on the deck next to the dead _ ( continued ) : 85b ssc . shoot script - December 1 '' 71 . continued : : 85 B monkey . the snake leap onto the deck , half its body still in the water . its mouth be agape as its foot - long tongue lash out at they . Gary scurries back , trip over a chair , accidentally discharge the crossbow . the dart fly out , sailing past sarone and lodging into the railing . sarone dammit ! reload ! the snake 's long , tubular body quickly fly out of the dark water and entirely onto the deck . twenty - five tubular foot of pure , slithering muscle . Gary , panicked , drop the reload , and . they roll out of reach . Danny too terrify to run , continue to film . the snake slither towards he . terri grab Danny 's belt , pull he out of the way . denise and Gary scatter with blind adrenaline , desperately look for safety . the snake slither and flop all over every corner of the deck , and he be angry . around the crane , past the bow , to the wheelhouse . it smashes through the window of the wheelhouse and crash out again through the other side . sarone move efficiently and calmly in the eye of the storm . he be the consummate professional hunter as he tie off more rope and try to lasso the snake in a net . a long snake tongue lash past terri 's face . she turn -- face to face with the drool , spitting anaconda -- its head be bigger than she own , its fang glisten and drip . it turn away from she , toward denise . denise be cornere . she back up , clutching she crucifix and mumble a prayer , as the snake move in on she and coil to . attack . suddenly , denise fall .overboard in a backward flip and land in the water . 's Gary leap overboard .to get to denise . attract to the - movement , the anaconda head overboard , slither straight down and disappear into the depth of the dark river . underwater : 5c we see the snake start to wrap around denise beneath the surface of the river . but in the process , the anaconda be also wrapping around a submerge tree trunk . ' the tree trunk interfere , and Gary be able to pull denise out of the loop at the last possible moment . '' 85d . 85e 85 fr shoot script - December 1 72. angle above water : . : . 85d denise splashes desperately to the surface with Gary . he boost she up onto the deck where she be grab by Danny and terri . they reach down for Gary and pull he . aboard . ext . barge - continuous 85e suddenly , the anaconda fly up through the surface again and land on the deck of the boat . the snake grab Gary in the blink of a eye and tighten the loop on he . Gary gasp unable to breath and denise scream as she try to pull he free see the life be squeeze out of he . angle : : 85 F sarone be prepare a spear gun with a large lasso around the tip of the spear . terri : the rifle , sarone ! shoot it ! kill the goddamm thing ! ignoring she , sarone fire the spear at the snake to get the lasso around it and succeed , looping the anaconda near the head . he quickly load a second spear and fire again , but this time he miss , almost hit Danny . the powerful snake rear back and snap the hemp in half . Danny instictively gcab a axe and attack the snake . he swing wildly , scream as he rip a gash in the snake 's hide . blood gush from the snake . Danny drop the axe and stumble back , he terror and revulsion return . the flail tail 's knock sarone down , and the rifle sling over he shoulder slide away from he and clatter across 's . the deck . terri scramble after the rifle and grab it . she try to aim for the snake 's undulate head , and we hear Gary 's bone begin to break . the snake open its mouth and hiss . terri fire but miss , rip a chunk out of . the rail . the snake lurch wildly , vaulting the rail with Gary still im its grasp . it hit the water and drag Gary under , disappear into the deep river . denise move to dive after he but Danny grab she and she be wail now and the sound of she grief echoe through the jungle as Danny try to comfort she . sarone move over to terri and snatch the rifle from she . shoot script ~ pecember 1 73. 85f continued : 85 F 86 NY . sarone . it 's no good to 's I dead . be not even the one I be aiter . terri ( stunne ) what ? sarone I '' after a very big fish . he turn and walk away . terri be appal . she run to the edge of the boat and look to the now silent water . ext . barge deck - day / -. 86 denise kneel by the side of the barge , look into the water . her eye red from tear that . can no longer flow . stare , unblink . she pray silently . sarone work in the pilot house , alone , alienate from the group , apparently not too concerned with he current stand . the rifle sling around he shoulder . sarone Warren - - come up here and take the wheel . terri look at he . westridge hesitates . westridge I ...um ... sarone come down from the pilot house , grab he and slam he against the wall . sarone listen you pompous windbag , get you ass up there or I '11 feed you to the piranhas . 5 ' westridge , unnerve , do as he be tell . . westridge i. see manners do not count for much in the jungle either . sarone stand behind denise . he throw some flower on the water and bow he head . sarone as Jesus be come up out of the water , he see heaven be tear open and the Spirit descend on he like a dove . | ( beat ) that be what Gary see . ( continued ) I 86 87 88 89 shoot script - continued : December 1 74 , denise stand and turn on he , enraged , DENISE how dare you ! how dare you pray for Gary ! you bring the snake . you know we be come . you bring the snake . the devil . you bring the devil . sarone turn from she , he can not help she . denise fall to she knee , sobbing . he move over to the footlocker -- which happen to be near where terri stand . he begin to prepare anet . she turn to he , she voice even , cool , seethe . terri you have this plan all along . mateo be in it with you . he lead you be wait for we . sarone you want to find the shirishama . I want to find the snake . they be one and the same . that snake be only the ~ guardian . now we be in the terri that 's just a myth . sarone sometimes what we call myth truth . terri : and now you be go to get kill . ; ext . river night the barge float down the river 's which land of the be really the we all glisten beneath the light of a half a'moon . a mournful calm ... int . cale' sickroom night ' terri lie on a cot , near cale , unable to sleep . she stand and rummages in she bag . she pull out a tube of on . on the deck lipstick ... give it a long look , before decide to put some sarone have set he cot ... in view of all ... and from where he can see all . the rifle sit nearby . sleep with one eye open ... it do seem that he be 86 87 89 cs 90 91 shoot script - December 1 75 . omit 90 : : 90 on the deck : , 91 tranquil , dark . terri walk quietly to where sarone half sleep . he -hear she footstep , sit up suddenly , put he hand on the gun . she stand there , nervous . sarone " what can I do for '' you , miss porter ? terri . nothing . I be sorry to bother you . she start to leave . sarone ( intrigue ) . if there be something you feel you need to say .... please ... . terri turn . back towards he . terri I guess I owe you a apology of sort . sarone I do not understand . she chew she thumb , nervous and sexy , before break down . terri I think I could , you know , cope . but I be way over my head . the minute I see that monster I know . I have no business _ be out in the jungle : I be just . ..scare . I feel so lose . terri stand close to he ... vulnerable . her eye penetrate . sarone '' you ? you be not lose . you be a very . strong woman , miss porter . terri not compare to a man ' like you . I have never meet anyone so ...strong ... vital . she let she body brush against he . sarone gulp ... tempt by this forbidden fruit . . ( continued ) '' , af q 91 92 shoot script - December 1 76 . continued : : 91 sarone ( confess ) it 's be a long time since I be with a woman . terri stroke he powerful arm , he chest . she lean in to kiss hin . terri we be lose . without you . you can save we . save I ... sarone move closer , touch she chin and move she lip up to meet he , he wrap she in he arm ... they kie ... Danny come creep up behind he . Danny hold a piece of wood ... just as he prepare to hit sarone with it , sarone , in one powerful movement , whip he knife out of he belt and put the point at Danny 's throat . sarone hold terri tight . sarone - do you think I be stupid ? Danny back up , shake . ' suddenly , out of nowhere , westridge hit sarone on the head with a golf club . sarone 's knee wobble and he drop -- out cold . westridge smile ... satisfied . westridge that feel good . ext . barge deck - day - 92 sarone sit groggily on deck , he head bloody and bandage , '' he hand tie behind he back . he roar like a trap animal nat he captive who : surround he . sarone . we be all go to hell . you can not survive this river without I } sarone struggle and writhes , try to get free . terri shove a map into sarone 's face . terri . recognize this , sarone ? I would have think you would choose a better hide place than you front pocket . seem you have give we ( continued ) - , $ $ $ 92 93 94 shoot script - December 2 77 . continued : 92 sarone snap at the map with he tooth . - terri she walk away from he ... and the other stand look at bim , and westridge can not help but say ... : westridge you be really a disappointment , Mr. sarone . a man with you talent . .. you could have go far . . ext . amazon - day 93 a new atmosphere have take over the boat : a sense of freedom and joy as the crew motor downriver . sarone be still tie up on deck as the barge move forward at full throttle . denise sit nearby , still numb . int , pilot house . 94 _ westridge pilot the boat with a light hand . terri you sure you can drive this thing ? . westridge like drive a old cadillac fleetwood . : danny I 'ca not wait to get back to the city ... I have be out in the boony too damn long . : westridge | . what will you do when you return to civilization ? a opera ? a afternoon at the Museum perhaps ? or a meal at Le cote - basque ? : danny - Nah . I be gonna have a slice , put on the knick and sip a cold Miller lite . westridge give Danny a wry look . westridge . I see ... you mean borough civilization . ( continued ) 's a 94 '' 95 95a 96 . shoot script - pecember 1 78 . continued : . 94 terri : we have get a long way to go , guy . westridge right you be . . terri ° I be go to check on denise . she 's in bad shape ... terri start off ... when : the wheel suddenly lurch in westridge 's hand , knock he to the floor . terri grab the wall for leverage , and Danny reach over to kill the ignition . ext . on deck : 95 it 's as though they just hit a brick wall : people , supplies and gear go fly . sarone skid across the deck , still tie to a chair , while denise grip the rail . int . cale' room . . . . 95 a - the jolt seem to have waken cale . his eye pop open and he look around he cabin ... completely disorient . ext . river . 96 : terri and Danny scramble out of the wheelhouse , follow by a stunne westridge . they rush to the front rail . they be at a point where a broad stream join the main river . above the stream , a waterfall cascade from under a jumble of log , then surge over a series of terrace platform . Ray of sunlight sprinkle through the branch . they be awed by the sight , though not by the situation : . danny ( to himself . the waterfall ... this be too creepy . the barge have run around in a shallow channel where a delta - like sand spit splay out from the small tributary a waterfall . on each side , broad white sand bank litter with boulder and driftwood recede to the forest tree line . Danny survey the damage . danny shit . we have hit bottom . we will have to winch it off . ( continued ) , - 96 oe : shoot script - December 1 79 . continued : 96 Danny grab a winch cable and nervously slip into the water . danny ( cont 'd ) let 's do this fast . I get a bad feel . '' he drag the cable to a nearby boulder , but it fall a few . foot short . he strain to stretch out the slack , but there 's no way it 's go to reach : he yell to terri and westridge . danny ( cont 'd ) gonna need a push or a pall here . terri : . we be right there , Danny . westridge ... westridge but I have ... I have ... I help bring that monster down . do not I ? terri which make I confident that you be fit for any job . terri and ( reluctantly ) westridge slip into the waist - deep water in front of the barge . they slog to the shore and coil - the rope around they shoulder . strain , pull with _ @very ounce of strength in they body . the barge scrape ahead a few inch . ext . barge - day 97 denise , eye cold , rise slowly from the deck chair and pick up a large , serrate hunt knife , check the edge and feel its weight and balance . she walk toward sarone . her footstep click loudly on the deckboard , and sarone see she come . he look up at she with empty eye . . _denise it 's you or we . be not it ? sarone so it seem . sarone turn he back to she and begin praying . DENISE : no. stop . you do not deserve to pray . sarone then you pray for I . he turn and look at she . they eye meet . ( continued ) , C ) 97 98 shoot script ~ pecember 1 80 . continued : sarone do not look at my eye . the eye of that you kill will haunt you . I know . . denise 's body shake with rage and fear . denise lift the knife ... but can not bring herself to kill . she look down , : defeat . DENISE why ? why be you here ? sarone suddenly heave he body up and wrap he leg around she throat in a wrestler - like scissors hold . he squeeze with all he strength , and she drop the knife to the deck . sarone in my name they will drive out demon , the will speak in new tongue , they will pick up snake with they hand , and it will not hurt they at all ; and they will place they hand on the sick and heal | denise 's arm and leg kick and flail as she cell scream for oxygen . sarone . i. be here to save the world . ext . river Danny , terri and westridge give one . more heave - ho , and the barge pull free . they be elate . daney now it 's my turn to . drive . a gust of wind blow westridge 's hat off he head . he curse ( " damn " ) and stop to pick the now - soak hat out of the water as terri and Danny move forward to the now drift boat . from the shore , at a distance : for a few second it seem just another angle on we character return to the boat . but now we move forward as it doe , ‘off the shore and into the water and toward terri and Danny and westridge . it be the Pov of a anaconda ... move slowly in for attack ... 97 98 senet aaa shoot script - December 1 si. 99 ext . barge deck . . : _ 99 sarone be still squeezing denise 's throat , cut off she breathe . she struggle to try to pull he powerful leg apart , but she sink slowly to she knee , she arm + flail about , knock over a nearby chair . 100 ext . river 100 Danny approach the edge of the boat -- he can hear the whisper of struggle onboard -- uncertain what it be he know it 's not good and at just this moment he sense something else . .. movement in the water ... he turn , alarmed ... terri turn in reaction and both see the anaconda just as it slip '' underwater create ripple move with tremendous speed ... danny on the boat ! get on the boat ! - | _ ' the boat have catch the current and move ahead of they and they run like hell and westridge see the ripple now , cut through the water , divide he from Danny and terri : snake' Pov : foot splash through the water ... 100a medium shot : . 100a the massive . snake emerge from the water , hesitate , CO westridge shout and wave at the snake , distracting it from terri and Danny ... snake' Pov : jungle and water , swishes by and now a quick stop : westridge be center frame now , stare , terrify , but | stand he ground . westridge . for God , Queen and country ! the snake move towards he and he start to run back to the sandbar upon which the boat be strand . the snake move toward he , sppiag beneath the water . 101 ext . barge deck _ 101 denise be dead now . sarone have she knife and be cut the rope that bind he . : terri and danny climb onto the boat and turn to look across the water as westridge stand on the sandbar , still freeze in terror . I 's 102 103 104 105 106 shoot script - pecember 1 ' 82 . continued : terri . up , Warren ! up the rock ! westridge turn and move to a jag staircase of rock , and _ begin to climb , toward the nearby waterfall . the massive shake move from the water , onto land , toward he ; terri and Danny yell out to the snake , try to divert its attention , to no avail . sarone be free from he rope . he look down at denise 's lifeless body , with malevolent contempt . westridge move behind the waterfall , and we be close on he face now as he look through the veil of water , watch the anaconda onshore . it appear to have lose sight and sense of he . he stand stock still ... . the anaconda flick its tongue ... also still ... pick up a scent ... move now ... toward westridge ... who continue to watch through the fall as the snake move closer ... westridge have no place to move ... he can only watch as the vague shape of the anaconda move closer still ... it be at a distance which allow westridge ten second to act ... and that ten second vanish in half a second : the snake lunge forward fifteen feet in the blink of a eye , its head split the veil of the waterfall ... inch away now ... westridge leap out of the fall , and the snake turn ... angle down on westridge : the dying tree strain from the weight , it 's root appear out of the loose soil . terri and danny watch , from '' the deck , horrified ... sarone approach from behind , knife raise . he move to attack , and Danny turn just in time to see the blade come now . toward he heart and he reach up and grab sarone 's wrist , stop the knife just short . . wide shot show the tree now falling the snake let hold tight at both end , and westridge hange like ' some strange fruit , struggle in vain . meanwhile danny wrestle and fight with sarone dodging knife thrust . his success be limited as sarone plunge the knife into Danny 's thigh . terr search for some weapon with which to help Danny , but she search be short as ( continued ) - 101 102 103 104 105 106 106 shoot script - December 1 83 : continued : 106 the crack of the tree cause she to turn and look up : it 's come right down on she . she leap overboard , narrowly ' avoid it ; one of the branch strike Danny , knock he ' into the water as well ... : '' 1 close on westridge , on the opposite side of the boat : the anaconda squeeze the last breath out of he , and he final : ' expression be one of astonishment . , terri and Danny find they bearing in the water . es sarone clatter up the step to the pilot ' house . . oo : t the anaconda , hearing this noise , let loose of westridge and | spin a slow circle in the water ... . . ! sarone fire up the engine . the boat , already drift , 's accelerate and move out of frame , revealing the anaconda , : ' thirty yard from Danny and terri . Danny see the monster , and grab the back of the boat at the last moment with one .hand , reach out with the other for terri . she can not reach his. hand . he be be pull away from she - ~ he extend he leg and she grab it , hold on for dear life . Danny struggle to pull himself onto the boat ... terri grab onto the railing ... the anaconda be right behind they , move toward they with blind speed . terri pull herself onto the deck , then grab Danny 's hand to help he just as the snake leap out of the water and bite Danny on the .. shoulder , then start to coil around he . terri be knock back , and she look around in panic . see the shotgun and run for it . grab it . the snake be make a second loop around Danny . terri take aim when : denise' body bob up in the water , float by . startle . terri and distracting the snake .. still coiled around Danny , - the snake lunge at denise 's corpse , it 's jaw clamping onto denise 's shoulder and lift she corpse from the water ... greed be not good . terri now have time to take more careful aim , though now she hesitates - — - she do not ' want to shoot denise though denise be obviously dead . terri look at Danny 's . terrify , contort face ... the life be be suck out of he ... she steady herself . aim again . . shoot . the snake 's head explode . blood and skull bone and brain shoot into the air . instantly dead , the snake release Danny and flop like a pair of jeans ( a very large pair ) laid out ~ to dry . terri reach a hand down and help Danny onto the boat , and both ' look as denise 's body float off down the river . ( continued ) , oq shoot script - December 1 84. 106 continued : ( 2 ) , 106 _ danny now you know why I hate '' snake . suddenly , they hear the release of a tranquilizer gun . . turn sharply , they see a object streaking through the air toward they ! they dive aside just in time , and the dart - take a chunk out of the railing . sarone quickly reload as Danny grab the rifle and fire . the bullet ricochet off the pilot house . : sarone and Danny creep around the deck , with Danny limping . : from the knife cut on he leg . the tension be thick as they . try to get a bead on each other . angle : cale' room . cale hear the gunshot and , with some effort , sit up and pull himself to stand . lean heavily on the wall he stagger out of the cabin . ' angle : on deck . sarone see a shadow and fire a second dart . it whizze past Danny 's head and fly off into the jungle . Danny shoot back with the rifle , miss again . sarone have roam away from he storage of dart , so he move quickly back to the footlocker for more . open the locker , - he look puzzle -- the dart be go . cale be suddenly there behind he , thrust the needle of a tranquilizer canister into he back , directly between he shoulder blade . : sarone scream in agony as he spin around . the knife be suddenly in he hand . he weave a bit as the tranquilizer begin to take hold , and he swipe with the knife be weak and wild . terri grab cale and pull . he out of sarone 's range . sarone stagger after they like a drunken sailor . reeling , bounce off wall , he will not stop . Danny have sarone in he sight . he squeeze off the kill shot -- click ! the rifle be empty . just as sarone corner terri and cale , he turn groggy . his eye roll up into he head as he stumble two more step , then fall over the railing and landing heavily in the water . Danny watch sarone 's body go under . ( continued ) a . shoot script - December 2 85 . 106 continued : ( 3 ) 106 : danny pleasant dream ... C '' and the barge move forward through the water . ' Danny turn and move to terri . cale collapse in she arm . exhaust and tremble . Danny help she lift he . terri Steven ? Steven ? can you hear I ? cale . down . put I down . they lay he down on the deck . he choke and gasp ... finally he breathe resume a normal rhythm . they see the dead snake hang off the deck . Danny get up and : move toward it , still a little frighten , but need to face he fear . : . . : danny : , where 's my camera ? I gotta get a shot of this thing . Danny turn to look for he camera . terri be up and right behind he . she kneel down and grab the front of it and heft it overboard . it drop into the dark water , quickly sink to the bottom . terri no snake . ch a sputter and a gurgle as the engine churn and moan and the propellor quit spin and the noise of the engine cease , leave only the sound of the jungle . - danny oh , shit ... terri what ? . danny I think we be out of gas . ( beat ) I have not say that since high school . | terri the rest of we trip be downriver . we will make it . we have to . | : ( continued ) — , 106 107 ,108 shoot script - December 1 86 . continued : ( 4 ) '' 106 she look at cale . . : terri : let 's get he back in he room . the boat have slowed to a virtual halt . Danny look at the wide , stagnant stretch of river that extend ahead as far as the eye can see . it do not look good . omit 107 . . coe ce 107 cale' room day : 108 she be surprised to see that cale 's eye be open , search the room in feverish confusion . she quickly move to he and take he hand . terri Steven ... - he manage to focus on she face . cale terri ... . ( beat ) where be we ? what happen ? terri it 's a long story , Steven . we be head home .. we be gonna get you home ... he smile . she squeeze he hand . 's cale — dinner and a movie maybe ? ee terri : I pick the movie . nothing with gun , knife or bomb . ' cale chick : flick . terri damn straight ... he close he eye . to sleep now . his breathe be regular . she touch he face tenderly ... . -+- and hear Danny call she from offscreen . she hesitates , then stand , move out of the room . 109 109 a 109b shoot script - December 1 ext .. deck day terri emerge from cale 's room to the sight a wide 87 . swath of bright sunlight suddenly sweep across the barge , and the vegetation all give way to blue sky . terri join D. anny in the pilot house ... and be hit by a wide swath of sunlight which sweep across the barge . the once thick vegetation have give way to clear blue sky all around she . she run up to the pilot house -- angle 3 Danny steer the barge as it drift in the languid current . terri ( smile ) I think he 's gonna make it . danny fantastic . the north shore broaden into a natural bay that be litter with 50 gallon drum and float clot of oily scum . sagging crane , mount on concrete , overlook a vacant dock . danny ( cont 'd ) hold the wheel . terri take the wheel . Danny scramble for he camera and screw a long zoom lens into place . he walk out on deck and — ' look through the lens . danny's Pov - through the shifting focus of the len a large , decaye structure , partially reclaim by the jungle . fade lettering read : anaconda mill CO . jeeps and '' fuel truck rust in . twisted hulk . a tall , brick smokestack rise up out of the-debris . terri what be it ? danny look like a old mill or something . Danny rack focus to reveal more of the strange devi danky ( cout ' D ) I do not see any people . astation . ( continued ) - 109 109 a 109b I shoot script - December 1 88. 109b continued : 1098 '' 112 112 terri : any extremely large reptile ? Danny give she a look . danny you do not believe sarone 's story ? terri he be right about the guardian snake . this look like a lake ... ' several leaky . fuel drum bob on the tranquil surface of the water . terri poison water . : danny . , look . we need fuel , drink water . terri steer towards the dock . terri . ok. let 's go . let 's just be careful . omit 110 : ext . saw mill - day aul Danny limp with terri toward the mill . they walk past the . heavily crumpled jeep and mangle wreckage . the damage be bizarre , otherworldly . terri Jesus ... what happen ? panny and terri exchange a look , and '' a shudder . " they know what happen . . terri walk past a large incinerator , with a tall smokestack , to the front door of the mill . . int . mill - day 112 Dust and filth everywhere . Danny and terri look down the length of the mill . massive sawblade stand silent . shaft of grayish light penetrate the gloom . stack of lumber , cinder block , rebar , crate , and other material be scattered in random heaps . the floor be litter with sawdust , scrap of wood , metal binding , etc . opposite the see , connect by a series of fracture catwalk , be the desert mill office . everywhere they look be sign that . the jungle have quioky reclaim the property . . omrrmuD ) — —rnansemeeeesneemnnemmmmmnnnennnnnnnemms tan iscsi o shoot script ~ pecember 1 " 89 . 122 continued : ' : 112 as they walk through the mill a massive 's shadow shift ever so slightly behind they . Danny turn just as the shadow still ; - he see a defunct telephone on the wall next to a fade playboy centerfold . terri pick up the phone and put it to she ear . danny do not pay they bill . they walk towards the back of the building and stop short when they see a large wood pulp mountain make up of rotted scrap and discard on the back wall . the mountain block any - door or window in the back . . danny ( cont 'd ) what the ? . Danny look at the pulp mountain and it seem to be alive . it be actually move . it only take a heartbeat for they to realize that the wood pulp be swarm by live anacondas : - that squirm and writhe . they be young , no longer than six foot , nest in the pulp . terri - Babies . danny ( unnerve ) whatever . let 's get out of here . they move back towards the front and see a old incinerator furnace , part - of the massive chimey that rise out of the mill . next to the furnace : a stack of 55 gallon fuel drum . Danny shuffles quickly to a stack of fuel drum against the wall . he wrestle one of the heavy drum into position . : daney ( cont 'd ) here we go . terri let 's get they to the.boat . Danny look down at he leg . the exertion have open he wound . '' danny ob man . terri notice . she take off she shirt ( she wear a T-shirt beneath ) and expertly t tie a tourniquet around he wound . the flow be stop . ( continued ) 's : shoot seript - pecember 1 90 . 112 continued : ( 2 ) 112 daney ( cont 'd ) hey . you go to jungle survival school or : | of y’ . something ? — : terri Nah . I see a guy do it on the subway . they tip a drum on its side and roll it towards the door . 113 ext . mill - day of , 113 they come out . of the building with the fuel drum and immediately see something unsettle : the Boat have drift away from the dock to the opposite shore , a couple hundred foot upstream , where it sway in the current , catch in a tangle of overhange tree limb . danny I set the anchor ... | ' terri ran towards the river . Danny jog , limping , after . Danny reach she and they stand , next to a clump of tree , watch the boat drift . the sudden horrible reality of the situation become clear . . . os eae ) a ' ( hoarse whisper ) sarone ! suddenly a voice , a movement from behind . sarone no need to be discreet . Danny and terri spin towards the voice and be meet head on with the butt of a rifle . CUT to black : omit 114 fade up : 115 int . mill ~- day . . 2115 terri and Danny sit , still unconscious , back to back in the middle of the factory floor . they be bound ankle and wrist by gaffer tape and appear to be sit in the middle of a large net that have be spread on out on the floor . sarone stand in front of they hold a bucket . : ( continued ) — — — — — — — rt a for : . shoot script - December 1 . 91 . 115 continued : : 115 sarone : , : ; rise and shine ! : wj sarone dump the content of the bucket on they . Danny and | . terri wake immediately as the sticky liquid hit they face . | danny ( spitting ) abh. man ! sarone - . a little monkey blood . terri 's eye burn into sarone . " . terri I be go to . kill you sarone ! I swear to God . I be go to kill you . she squirm and thrashes try to break free . . sarone : that 's good . excellent . you know the secret be to put the hook just deep enough into the worm so that it be still alive . bait need to wiggle . you heat ... the vibration ... the smell of fresh blood . - terri you be out of you fuck mind ! sarore ( shrugging ) I be not .a man of science like you Mr. cale , he 's not a believer . I 'ma man of the river and I do not have . to believe . ( beat ) I know .. sarone slink off into the shadow . silence . the air grow still . shadows shift against the wall . suddenly terri realize , as Danny already have , ae complete vulnerability of they situation . they both begin to squirm and strain against the " shackle " . dabiny : : it 's no use . this be the best tape you ean buy . terri let out a animal scream of rage and frustration . ( continued ) , 115 116 . 117 119 shoot script - December 1 92 ; continued : + ( 2 ) as she scream the camera pull back and up to the furthest corner of the room . Danny and terri sit together , speck on the floor , like piece of cheese for some . gigantic mouse . the camera keep pull back , through a window , up and out of the . bnild , back and back further until the sawmill begin to blend into the jungle . in the immediate foreground : a long tongue flick ont , enter we view from the upper leave corner . sense , smell , see ... the camera dive towards the mill , through branch and wall , take just second to frame Danny and terri , jast as we leave they , struggle in vain ... danny and terri continue to thrash and struggle . terri look up and see the see blade on the level above they . terri think we can make it up that ladder ? Danny crane he neck . know what she 's think . danny yeah . maybe . they wriggle across the floor -- without the use of arm or leg they , ironically , move = like snake . omit 118 danny and terri almost to the bottom of the ladder , determine , it look like this just . might work ... until we see the length of rope that be tie to Danny 's ankle and be now stretch taut , its opposite end tie to a wooden post . Danny thunks he head against the floor in frustration . : terri squint up at the see blade only a short ladder climb away . and suddenly , it 's dark as night , as if someone have just turn off the light . Danny look up at the skylight . he and terri see the silhouette of a massive anaconda slithering across the roof and into the building through a high window . terri gasp . ( continued ) 115 116 117 119 od shoot script - December 1 93 . 119 continued : 119 the snake flick its . tongue out , ty pick up they scent , slithering through the window and down the entire length of the wall ... it keep come and come , and for the first time we see its astounding size -- forty plus foot . the catwalk and ladder strain and creak under its immense weight . the snake drop to the factory floor and mve towards the terrify pair . Danny and terri scoot away from the snake as fast as they can , tear and bite desperately at they binding . . the snake come quickly up to they , stop and rise over then prepare to strike ... mouth open ... drip fang bare ... the snake lunge forward with blind speed . Danny and terri attempt to roll out of the way . but the snake scoot towards they , quickly coil around both of they , and start to — squeeze . terri ( scream ) sarone ! her scream be cut off by the power of the constriction . : 's sarone appear , swinging from a rope . the rope be attach to a pulley and sarone 's weight quickly pull a large net up from the floor and around the snake . the snake , distract and angry , thrashes violently against the net . loosen its grip on Danny and terri . sarone tie the rope down and move forward , he raise the tranquilizer crossbow and fire . the bolt cut the air with a hiss , hit the snake full in . the snake hiss , a sound not of this earth -- . sarone ( shouting back ) who 's the strongest now ? sarone put down the crossbow and walk towards the snake with the large mazzle . but the snake be not ready .to go to sleep . the snake be aggravate . in one fierce movement the snake toss Danny and terri like rag doll , shred the netting and come after sarone . Danny be badly bruise , but he . arm be now free . sarone ( cont 'd ) another dose , eh ? sarone be amazingly calm as he load the crossbow and fire again . this time miss -- the snake lunge at he , knock . the crossbow from he hand . now sarone be concerned . . ( continued ) , ST shoot script - December 1 94 . 119 continued : ( 2 ) danpy rip the tape off he leg and help terri . sarone move fast , racing up a rusty old ladder . the snake follow . sarone be almost to the top of the ladder ... the snake curling around it ... climb quickly ... just as sarone be step off the ladder , the full weight of the snake tear the rivet from the wall and the ladder , sarone , and snake fall to the ground with a thunderous crash . sarone land hard , but manage to get to he foot . the snake coil , prepare to strike . sarone scream with primal rage , he arm . extend as if he intend to wrestle the massive reptile . ' the snake strike , meeting he head - on with a awesome impact , quickly loop sarone 's body , and begin to squeeze . a machete , hang from sarone 's belt , get catch between the body of sarone and the body of the snake , cut into ' both as the snake powerfully constrict . sarone struggle , he face bright red and bulg , blood drip from he ear . the snake squeeze tighter , break bone be hear . blood erupt from sarone 's mouth and nose .. a eyeball bulge obscenely before plopping out of its socket . , terri and Danny , now free , hide behind a stack of lumber . ' they watch in horror as the snake open wide its jaw and begin to swallow sarone head first . int . sawmill - day Danny and terri creep quietly towards the front door . the snake lay still , digest , between they and the door . a large lump , formerly sarone , can be see below the snake neck . they sneak around a piece of machinery and the snake be instantly alert to they movement , its massive tail whipping . around , its tongue flick out . the snake be so big-his bédy , even when partially coiled , seem to be . everywhere . the front door be block by the snake . a crack in the wall to the side be block by the snake . Danny and . terri 's look . over behind they and see the pulp mound full of writhe anacondas . no way they be . climb over that to get out . they duck back into the shadow . : " danny ok .. ok . we gotta get a grip . terri look around . terri do you think thet tranquilizer work ? ( continued ) 119 120 's Te . shoot script - December 1 95 . 120 continued : : 120 danny : yeah ... like half a beer to you and I . J terri = maybe he 's do ? danry you think he will not snack between meal ? . . terri I do not know . we be trap . they exchange a look . : . , S , danny ok . .. how do we kill it ? terri look up to the second floor . terri maybe there 's something up there . Danny : look around and see the answer : the fuel drum . danny ( cont 'd ) we burn it . you check out the office . I will try to figure this out . ( ) omit 121 , 122 , 123,124 125 int . outer office - day 125 terri walk quietly down the corridor and into the small ‘outer office . she begin to search the decrepit office . she 's momentarily startle when she see she reflection in a large , dirty mirror . she find a length of rope coiled in the corner . she duck down to pick it up and , at exactly the same moment , the snake come smash in through the window attack the mirror with awesome ' power , the mirror explode . ' the snake - be momentarily stunne .. terri run into the next office . she slam the door after she . omrr 126 127 int . inner office - day . 127 she slam the door behind she . barely able to catch she — breath , before a small snake leap at she from above , coiling around she head . she grab the feisty little snake , tear - it off she neck , and throw it to the floor . it slither between some box . ( continued ) = , shoot script — pecember 1 96 . 127 continued : , scan the room -- a bookcase , a desk . she start to rifle through the drawer . first drawer -~ nothing . second drawer - - junk , paper , nothing useful . third drawer -- smashes to the floor -- a hammer . she reach for it and at that moment the . SOUND of pounding against the door . she push the heavy desk against the door . the snake keep bashing against it . suddenly the wall next to she cave in as the snake smashes through . it inch from she head . she back away -- momentarily paralyze : her expression turn from terror to revulsion as the snake take a moment to regurgitate sarone 's she vault through the window back into the main room . the snake be quick on she trail . 127a boiler there be no other escape route . she 's trap . spy a old heavy metal boiler nearby , she open the small door and climb in , shutting herself inside . 1278 int . boiler terri wait in the boiler , listen . sound come from the other side of the room . all she can see be the ceiling above she through the vent blade . a subtle shadow move across the ceiling ... then disappear . she look relieved , and this relief last for perhaps half a second before the snake' massive head come into view . the snake stare straight at she , its fang bare , its tongue flick in and out . 127c int . MAIN room - continuous the snake coil with blinding speed around the boiler , the heavy metal beginning to collapse like a aluminum beer can , - close around terri . the rivet pop off and the bottom of the boiler start to come loose . the snake try to lunge its head into the boiler , its jaw snap inch away from terri 's face . but the open of the grate be too small for the snake 's current width . terri struggle to close the spin vent ; but it have rusted . so ... the snake rear back and contract its muscle . .- become skinnier before we eye . it lunge again , jaw open , foot - long tongue lash out , inch from terri . she do not even think before smash the vent with the. hammer , spin it close and slicing off the snake' tongue -- use the vent as a spin guillotine . scream with pain , the snake retreat ... ( continued ) 127 127a 1278 127¢ a I shoct script - December 1 97 . 127c continued : 127¢ 129 terri drop out . of the bottom of the boiler and run like hell through the splinteréd doorway , through the office ( where she stumble over sarone 's partially digested corpse ) , through the front room . '' the snake , wounded and angry , slither after she . omit 128 : . | int . incinerator : : 129 Danny roll another fuel drum into the incinerator . he 's eet about 4 or 5 or they there . he look up the smokestack and see a series of rung lead to the top . terri come sprinting around the corner . Danny catch she . danny whoa ! | terri ( catch she breath ) it 's come . Danny hear the otherworldly sound of the scream , hiss , . snake . danny ( point to the incinerator ) we have get to get it in here . give I that rope . Danny grab the rope from she shoulder . uot danny - it can follow I in . the snake come towards they hiss with kill fury . terri grab the rope back from Danny . . terri I get the leg , remember ? you just do you part . Danny reach for she , touch she shoulder , she smile ... he want to say something ... but there 's no time . the snake start to move towards they . Danny dive behind some box . terri run into the incinerator . Danny watch as the snake follow she . tt o 136 137 138 139 140 shoot script - December . 1 98. omit 130 , 131 , 132 , 133 ,.134 , 135 int . . smokestack - day . 136 terri hang on the lower rung wait for , what seem like a lifetime , the snake to ooze in and locate she . terri ( scream ) ' Danny ! this have better fuck work ! she begin climb up the smokestack rung , filthy with soot . the coiled rope around she shoulder , the anaconda at . she heel . . incinerator door 137 Danny watch as the anaconda disappear inside the furnace . he immediately begin to 'roll one of the fuel drum into the incinerator . danny . gonna barbecue the mother ... int . smokestack " 138 terri furiously pull herself through the dark brick tunnel . some of the metal rung be loose and she foot slip and dangle momentarily before she pull herself , hand over hand , up and up . her face have a lock of fierce determination . danny - . : . 139 Danny flood the incinerator floor with fuel . several drum stand open in the pool of combustible fluid . Danny dunk a short length of canvas strapping into the fuel . he then roll the length outside : a makeshift fuse . he reach in he pocket . for he match . : they be soggy with monkey blood . danny ' shit ! ext . smokestack - : 140 terri finally reach the top and emerge from the smokestack . she pull herself onto the rim 's edge . she balance there as the anaconda struggle to writhe out of the marrow open at she foot . she take the rope and tie it securely to the top rung , - yanking it to test its strength . she toss it over the edge , but can not see if it reach the ground below . 141 142. _ 143 144 145 146 147 shoot script - December 1 ext . smokestack 99 . the snake be try to force he head through the narrow open , and the brick be beginning to give way .... incinerator - continuous Danny ' be try , but the match be damp and will not light . panicked , he try to strike one after the other , but there be no fire . ext . smokestack the anaconda be thrashing in the throat of the smokestack , snap at terri and lash its stubby , bloody tongue . terri lose she balance and fall . she land over the top of the smokesack ... she torso suspend temptingly in front of | the snake . the snake lunge at she and she throw she body ‘over the edge . terri be hang by she finger from the rim , fifty foot above the ground . she try to shimmy along toward the rung and rope . incinerator Danny be in stark desperation . he have one match leave . he blow on it , blow on the edge of the matchbox . he close he eye and strike the match . it light . terri terri have almost reach the rung and rope , but the anaconda be : literally break apart the smokestack brick . the brick she 's hold on to give way and terri make a mad lunge for the rope . she start to slide down it . danny carefully protect the flame , Danny delicately . place the match in the fuel . the fuel greedily ignites . terri terri swing wildly from the end of the rope about twenty foot from the ground . Danny run under she . danny it 's gonna blow ! jump ! ( continued ) : 141 1a42 — — S 143 144 145 146 147 147 148 149 shoot script - December 1 100 . continued : terri let go . she drop about 's 20 foot into the bush . Danny run to she and help she up . they both sprint towards the river as the fuel drum explode . flame roar up the smokestack like a rocket booster . the brick wall bulge and explode and both Danny and terri be send fly from the force of the shock wave . Danny land in the brush and terri splashes into the river . 's angle : Fire shoot out the top hundred of foot into the air before the smokestack itself disintegrate in a hail of brick . the entire four-story length of the anaconda momentarily suspend vertically in mid-air , . engulf in fire . the burn anaconda fall to the ground , twist in pain , ' ten foot from Danny . with great effort the snake rear back , open its mouth to the sky , and let out a- . deafen hiss of agony . Danny be freeze in terror as he watch the snake exhale flame like a dragon . oe the anaconda slide into the water , dousing the flame and cause patch of oil the burn on the water 's surface . terri stand trap in the water as the anaconda appear to move straight towards she . the water swirl violently around she ... then stop . terri hold she breath until ... the lifeless snake float to the surface . terri 's leg be tangle in the dead snake . she push the snake away and run to the shore . Danny run to meet she and they embrace . ; danny you ok ? - , '' terri maybe . danny : yeah . I too . ext . boat - day a makeshift raft be anchore alongside the boat . Danny smile with relief as he pump fuel from the dram into the barge 's fuel tank . . ( continued ) 147 148 149 ST shoot script — pecember 1 " 201 . 149 continued : 149 : terri stick she head out of ' the pilot house . —_ danny cl she 's full . terri crank the starter and the engine rumble to life . Danny cap the tank and climb up to the pilot house as terri move the barge into the river 's current . 149a int . pilot house ~ continuous : 149a danny ( cont 'd ) I want a shower , some food , and the first plane outta here . terri : . we can stop for a snakeburger on the way . Danny shudder . . danny you think you be funny do not you ?. suddenly a flock of brightly color parrot fly across the river and around the barge . cale ( 0.8 ) '' 4 beautiful . S terri and Danny turn and see cale lean against the door . . terri Steven ! Danny grab a chair and they help cale sit down . cale . I be get lonely . terri hold he hand tenderly . danny well we have , you know , some business to take care of . cale where be everybody ? terri Long story . ( continued ) a shoct script - December 1 . 102 . 149a continued : / : 149a - yeah . we will fill you in on the way home . o cuz I be ready to go home . terri I too . . terri smile at he . her expression change as : she see something along the shore . terri look ! she point to the shore where shape be emerge from the jungle . one be well - light by the sun . -- definitely a member of the shirishama tribe . ccale 's face light up as he witness something he never think he would see . Danny instinctively reach for he camera and start to roll filn . . ' terri reach over and shut the camera off . danny hey ! what ? terri . sarone.was right . we have get no business ' be here . this be not we world . gq cale wave to the tribe . the tribesman smile and return the greeting as the barge drift slowly past ... the figure slowly blend back into the jungle . fade to black : the end NY