analyze this screenplay by peter tolan and harold ramis and kenneth lonergan Story by kenneth lonergan and peter tolan July 1998 draft for educational purpose only 1 credit begin over black . 1 dominic manetta a man in he 70 , narrate nostalgically over a montage of related news photo . manetta ( v.o. ) 1957 be a big year . the Russians put that sputnik into outer space , the dodger play they last game at ebbet field , ' that guy ' shot Frank costello in the head , and miss , and the gallo brother whacked Albert anastasia in that barber shop in the Park Sheraton Hotel . it be total chaos . with anastasia go , vito genovese figure he 's king shit , but Carlo gambino and ' Joe bananas ' both want to be boss of all boss . so they call a meeting -- a big meeting . 2 ext . upstate new york - day 2 credit continue . in fade 16 mm documentary - style , we see a country road wind through roll hill . at the top of the hill , a black ' 57 cadillac appear and sweep through the peaceful landscape . manetta ( v.o . ) it be the first time the whole commission be ever gonna meet face to face . boss and wiseguy be comin ' in from all over the country , and all the New York family , too -- maybe sixty boss , the whole wiseguy world -- all headin ' toward this little town upstate to figure out what 's what . 3 ext . roadside - day 3 a sign read , " enter apalachin - pop. 342 . " the black cadillac speed past the sign , then another black caddy , then a black lincoln , then another caddy , a lincoln , etc . manetta ( v.o. ) you father and I , we be goin ' up with Tommy D. , fat Tommy . ( more ) ( continued ) 2 . 3 continued : 3 manetta ( v.o.cont 'd ) he be run the family at the time . anyway , I do not know what anybody be think , but some asshole think it would be a good idea to have this meeting at Joe babara 's farm in the country where nobody would notice . 4 ext . rural gas station - day 4 a local state police deputy be gassing up he motorcycle when the parade of shiny black car roll by . he look up and scratch he head at the unusual sight . manetta ( v.o. ) turn out the local cop be watch Joe babara like a hawk . so now you get about fifty caddy and lincoln pullin ' into apalachin and some deputy sheriff with cow shit on he shoe notice all the traffic and call the fed . 5 ext . joe babara' estate - day 5 the caddy and lincoln be all park around a rambling country manor . boss and wiseguy be meeting and greeting each other on the big front porch . one wiseguy be try to shoo a cow away from he car . wiseguy you wanna be a ribeye ? get away from the fuckin ' car . 6 ext . wood - same time 6 Federal agent start move in quietly , heavily - armed , wear big FBI arm band . manetta ( v.o. ) the meeting never even get start . the fed move in -- 7 ext . house - day 7 Agents with weapon draw charge the house and start break down the front door . 3. 8 ext . back of house - same time 8 manetta ( v.o. ) -- and we move out . gangster in shiny suit be squeezing through window and leaping off balcony . wide - wiseguy flee into the surround wood and field . manetta ( v.o. ) you papa and I hide in a field with hay or corn , some kinda foliage , I do not know . 9 ext . farm field - day 9 two wiseguy in suit crouch in the tall grass . suddenly they see a John deere harvester bear down on they . manetta ( v.o. ) then along come this farmer who almost run we over in a tractor , so you father haul out he piece , this .44 cannon he use to carry , and hijack the goddamn tractor . funniest fuckin ' thing I ever see . 10 ext . country road - day 10 the farmer go fly off the harvester and the two wiseguy drive off on it . the farmer look up to see the John deere disappear in a swirl cloud of dust that fill the screen . end credit . dissolve to : 11 swirling cloud of cream 11 on top of a espresso . pull back as a hand reach in and run a lemon rind along the rim of the cup . the espresso be pick up and sipped by manetta , the aging boss of a prominent New York crime family . ( continued ) 4. 11 continued : 11 int . ritz clam BOX - late afternoon ( present ) the place be nearly empty . manetta be talk to paul vitti , a dark , intense , intelligent man in he late forty , and a powerful boss in he own right . manetta anyway , Carlo gambino come out of it capo de tutti capi , and that be the last time the whole commission try to meet -- until now . vitti ( brood ) I do not know . I do not like it . what do we need a meeting for ? let everybody worry about they own business . they finish eat . manetta the ' 57 meeting be about how we be go to divide up the whole country . this meeting be about how we be gonna survive . you get ' make ' guy inform for the fed ; boss go to jail ; everybody 's deal drug ; people be get whacked without permission . and on top of everything , now we get the chinese triad and this crazy Russians to deal with . everything 's change . we need a leader . someone with fresh idea . someone like you . it 's gonna be a new century , Paul . we gotta change with the time . vitti what be we gonna get , a fuckin ' web site ? manetta you remember what else happen in 1957 , Paul ? vitti yeah , I remember . manetta when you father die , I promise he I would always look out for you . come to the meeting . ( continued ) 5 . 11 continued : ( 2 ) 11 they get up to leave . vitti drop some money on the table . bodyguard follow they to the door . the waiter and the owner bow to they as they pass . they be almost out the door when vitti hesitates . vitti wait a second . I be just gonna grab a toothpick . the instant he step back inside , manetta and he bodyguard be strike by a incredible volley of gunfire , which blows out all the glass in the door and window . vitti 's bodyguard , jelly , grab he and throw he behind the counter , shield he with he body . outside , the shoot have stop and curious bystander be look in the break window . vitti 's eye well up with tear . CUT to : 12 kleenex 12 be pull out of a box . caroline , a woman in she early thirty , dab at she eye with the tissue . she 's sit on the couch in -- int . ben' office - same time the office be warm , comfortable , and nicely decorate . caroline ( weepy ) I keep tell he that I need room to grow and find myself as a person . not just as a woman but as a independent entity . BEN sobol she therapist , seem to be listen intently . caroline I tell he I need to get in touch with my uniqueness , but he could not handle that . he say I be drive he away . do you think I be drive he away , Dr. sobol ? Ben lean forward sympathetically . ( continued ) 6. 12 continued : 12 he 's in he mid-forty , have a expressive face and a quick wit , and despite the occasional lapse , he be a gift and caring psychologist . BEN thing end , caroline . that 's just a part of life . it 's how we deal with thing end that 's important . caroline I just can not believe it 's over between I and Steve . maybe there 's still hope . BEN well , he do take out a restrain order against you . I have to be honest , that 's usually not a good sign . caroline but what should I do ? BEN well , caroline , I think the first thing you have to do ... ( voice rise ) ... be stop whining about this pathetic loser ! you be a tragedy queen ! ( mock ) ' Steve do not respect I . Steve do not love I anymore . ' who give a shit ! get a fuck life ! you be , without a doubt , the most boring human be I have ever meet ! please , say something interesting before I lapse into a goddamn coma ! caroline look curiously at Ben , unperturb . caroline Dr. sobol ? BEN lose in he fantasy , not really listen . he come to attention and try to cover . ( continued ) 7. 12 continued : ( 2 ) 12 BEN yes . yes . I be just reflect on you whole -- situation . it 's very interesting what you be just say . I want you to think about it , and I be go to think about it , so we will both think about it and we will continue next week when I get back from my vacation . caroline burst into tear again . BEN or not . CUT to : 13 int . upstair hallway - day 13 Ben rush upstairs and into he bedroom . his 14 - year-old son michael be in he room put on a tuxedo . michael you be late . BEN ( change hurriedly ) I know . I could not get rid of my last patient . I think she be a tick in a past life . michael yeah , what 's caroline 's problem ? you boyfriend 's go , he hate you gut , get over it . BEN Michael ! what do I tell you ? you can not listen to my session ! it 's private stuff . michael I can not help it . I hear you through the vent in my room . BEN funny how that happen when you lie on the floor and put you ear up against it . ( continued ) 8. 13 continued : 13 michael okay , okay . how 's that guy who dream about shitting trout ? BEN ( enter , put on he tux shirt ) Fine . he move up to stripe bass . put on you cummerbund . Boy , have you grow . do you mother move next door to a nuclear power plant ? michael ( struggle with the cummerbund ) why do we have to wear rent clothes to grandpa 's party ? this blow . BEN ( help he ) we have to dress up because grandpa can not have a good time unless everyone else be extremely uncomfortable . ( look at Michael and make a quick decision ) forget the tux . regular clothes . Ben exit , pull off the tux shirt . michael ( take off he tux shirt ) be you ambivalent about grandpa Isaac ? BEN ( o.s. ) ( from he room ) ambivalent ? where do you get that stuff ? michael Mom . BEN ( annoyed ) she 's not suppose to do that , you know . ( more ) ( continued ) 9. 13 continued : ( 2 ) 13 BEN ( cont 'd ) you mother and I , when we get divorced , we agree we would not put you in the middle , or use you as a go-between to talk about each other . so just do I a favor and tell you mother to shut she big mouth . ( come back into Michael 's room ) do she say anything about I get marry again ? I think she could be feel a little anger about it . michael oh , yeah . she really care . she say you be intimidate by woman you own age , and that 's why you go for this young babe . BEN ( fume ) okay . listen , for two second , pretend I be not you father . I be just some guy , okay ? michael you gonna vent ? BEN yeah . ( venting ) I hate she ! I really hate she ! ( a beat , then brightly ) okay . dad again . let 's go . CUT to : 14 ext . warehouse - same time 14 Paul vitti get out of he car and walk to the warehouse with he most trust soldier , jelly , a hulk bruiser , and he sidekick jimmy , a tightly - wound ferret with chip on both shoulder . vitti so what do you find out ? ( continued ) 10 . 14 continued : 14 jelly ( as they walk ) the word be primo sindone must have order it , but , uh -- he hesitates . vitti what ? jelly look at Jimmy . vitti what ? jelly ( reluctantly ) a lot of people think you set he up . vitti why the fuck would I want to kill dominic ? he be like a father to I . jelly so you could be the big boss . everybody figure you be lookin ' to wipe out the competition before the big meeting . vitti oh , be that what they figure ? jelly it 's alright with I if you do -- vitti I do not kill he ! I tell you that ! do not you hear ? CUT to : 14a int . warehouse - continuous action 14a they enter a room where other vitti family soldier , eddie coke , tuna , and johnny big be wait . in the middle of the room , a young rat name nicky shiver be tie to a chair under a strong overhead light . when he speak , we get a hint of mental incompetence . ( continued ) 11 . 14a continued : 14a nicky please , Mr. vitti , I tell them I do not know anything but they do not believe I ' cause that one time I say Little Joe hit dukey and it turn out he do not but I do not know because -- jimmy ( smack he ) shut the fuck up ! nicky go suddenly quiet . he watch in terror as Jimmy step aside and vitti move close hold a short length of lead pipe . vitti nicky , you know I , right ? nicky yeah . you be Mr. vitti . vitti and you know what I be gonna do to you if you lie to I , right ? nicky uh , you be gonna crack I on the head with that pipe ? jimmy ( slap he ) it 's a rhetorical question , you fuckin ' idiot . vitti I be only gonna ask you this one time . who kill dominic manetta ? nicky I do not know . vitti ( roar ) do not fuckin ' lie to I ! nicky ( in tear ) honest to God , I do not know ! vitti you little rat bastard ... ( continued ) 12 . 14a continued : ( 2 ) 14a vitti wind up to brain he with the pipe . they all wince in anticipation of the blow . but vitti just freeze there with he arm upraise . then he drop he arm and seem to sag . vitti forget about it . he do not know anything . he toss the pipe aside . vitti get he outta here . Jimmy look at jelly in surprise . 15 int . minivan - later 15 Ben be drive to the party with Michael . sitting in stop traffic , he check he mirror anxiously . BEN ( to himself , urgently ) look at this . everybody 's nut . ooh , I hate walk into that house late . michael I think you be reacting like this because you be mad we have to go to this party . BEN no. do not . I be not go to be analyze by someone who up until a few year ago believe in Santa . sorry , but we only have room for one Dr. sobol in this family . michael but there 's two Dr. sobol . there 's you and grandpa . BEN ( a beat ) can we talk about something else ? michael be you go to read grandpa 's new book ? Mom say you will not because you be ... ( continued ) 13 . 15 continued : 15 BEN do you mother talk about anything else or be it just I twenty - four hour a day ? wham ! Ben rear-end the car in front of they . BEN that 's you mother 's fault ! you mother do that ! damn ! CUT to : 16 ext . east 90 th STREET - night 16 the minivan have rear-end a black lincoln town car . the trunk have sprung open and nicky shiver can be see in the trunk , bound and gag , kick and squirming . muffled shout can be hear through the duct tape over he mouth . jelly and Jimmy jump out of the lincoln and slam the top of the trunk just as Ben get out of the minivan to inspect the damage . jimmy ( head Ben off ) what 's the matter with you ? be you some kind of moron ? BEN I be sorry . it 's totally my fault . Ben look at the damage . the lincoln have get the worst of it . the rear bumper be hang off , and jelly be struggle to latch the trunk . jimmy do you see anything ? BEN I be talk to my son . I take my eye off the road -- jimmy forget that bullshit . do you see anything ? jelly step in to defuse the situation , warning Jimmy off with a look . ( continued ) 14 . 16 continued : 16 jelly that 's all right , sir . it 's we fault for be in front of you like that . BEN ( surprised ) well , I should have be watch . let I give you my insurance information -- jelly it 's okay . forget about it . BEN really ? it look like you whole rear end might be screw up . Jimmy be reattach the rear bumper and secure the trunk lid with duct tape . jelly no , it be like that before . BEN maybe we should call the police ? jelly ( suddenly menace ) why ? fuck the police . BEN right ! fuck them . horn start honking behind they . BEN at least take my card . you might look at the damage in the morning and change you mind . jelly take the card and read it . jelly you be a doctor ? BEN Ph.D. psychologist . jelly a shrink . you talk to a lotta nut , huh ? Ben hear kicking from inside the car trunk . ( continued ) 15 . 16 continued : ( 2 ) 16 jelly ping and knock . cheap gas . hey , how do that minivan handle ? jimmy ( o.s. ) jelly ! let 's go ! jelly take it easy , doc. Ben look totally confuse as jelly hustle back to he car . CUT to : 17 int . sobol home - live room - isaac sobol 17 Ben 's father , at the piano in the spacious , elegant , tastefully - decorate live room , surround by ador guest , play and sing a exuberant rendition of " you must have be a beautiful baby . " Isaac be a silver - haire patrician , overload with self - esteem . isaac ( end the sing - along ) all right , neurotics only ! well , you must have be a beautiful ba - a- by , ' cause baby look at you now , thank God for prozac , baby look at you now ! BEN and michael stand off to the side talk to Ben 's mother dorothy . in the corner be a large advertising display feature Isaac 's smile picture on the front cover of he new book , tell I what you feel , tell I what you want . BEN what do you mean you be not come ? it 's my wedding . dorothy we understand it 's a special day for you , benny , but you father and I can not just pick up and leave town every time you decide to get marry . ( continued ) 16 . 17 continued : 17 BEN every time ? this be a once - in - a- -- twice - in-a-lifetime thing . Isaac join they . BEN dad , you be not come to my wedding ? isaac we want to be there , but I have three book signing next weekend . I can not piss off this big book store . if I cancel , they will stick I down on the bottom shelf . that 's how they be . BEN yeah , that 's the word on the street . the self -help book business be full of vindictive prick . dorothy ( look around ) Ben ! the language . BEN I be sorry , but I have be alone for eight year , now I have finally meet someone I want to spend the rest of my life with and I would really like you to meet she before we get marry . you be go to be she family . I think it 's better she know that up front . isaac you be really hostile tonight . BEN I be joke . dorothy ( jump in ) I think I will go talk to the mayor . BEN the mayor 's here ? dorothy I can only hope . ( continued ) 17 . 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 dorothy exit . isaac what 's wrong ? BEN nothing . everything 's fine . isaac how 's you practice ? BEN it 's great . just great . I have get some very interesting patient -- extremely interesting . fascinating actually . michael dad have a patient who dream he shit trout . BEN thanks , Mike . isaac Excuse we , Michael . Isaac pull Ben into the foyer . isaac why be you waste you time out there in the boondock ? New York City be the Mecca of madness . BEN I be just not sure I could spend my life deal with people whose biggest crisis be how to fire the may . isaac it beat a guy with a ass full of flounder . BEN trout ! and do not minimize my practice . isaac why be you get so defensive ? this be about you own feeling of inadequacy . ( continued ) 18. 17 continued : ( 3 ) 17 BEN you always turn it back on I . why do you do that ? isaac why do you think I do that ? BEN why do you think I think you do that ? go ahead , now you ask I why I think you think I think you do that . isaac enough . I want you to think about what I say . and when you be ready to talk to I like a normal person , I will be at the piano with regis philbin . ( as he cross away ) rege ! regis philbin I be not sing , Isaac ! isaac now , lady and gentleman , at the piano , regis philbin ! applause and laughter from the guest . Ben grab a glass of champagne from a pass waiter 's tray . BEN ( to the waiter ) Thomas wolfe be right . you can not go home again -- because you parent still live there . CUT to : 18 int . old lion social club - night 18 vitti 's man converse quietly while a soldier sweep the room for bug . he give the " all clear " and salvatore masiello , the old consigliere , speak . masiello the manetta family be ask a lot of question . they think we hit dominic . carlo mangano , the burly underboss of the vitti family , jump in . ( continued ) 19 . 18 continued : 18 mangano forget dominic ! they be after paul. ( to vitti ) it 's a miracle you survive . I thank God . vitti yeah , thank God . all I know be if I do not have some veal stick in my tooth , I would be lay there with dominic . johnny big this be all about the big meeting . primo sindone want to run the whole show . mangano yeah , but primo 's a boss . he know the rule . he could not go after dominic and Paul unless the other family give they permission . vitti ( start to sweat ) if they do , we be head for one big fuckin ' war . ( have trouble breathe ) talk to Zello and baldassare . find out what you can . we get two week . if the other New York boss be against we , I want to know it before I walk into that meeting . he feel a stabbing pain in he chest . mangano you all right , Paul ? you do not look good . vitti I be a little choke up here . I gotta get some air . he walk outside . jelly follow . mangano look quizzically after they . CUT to : 20 . 19 ext . outside the old lion - continuous action 19 vitti be have trouble breathe . jelly you feel all right ? vitti I feel like shit . this whole thing be like a huge fuckin ' headache . jelly ( concerned ) you havin ' one of that mindgrain ? sweating profusely now , vitti feel another stabbing chest pain . vitti get the car . CUT to : 20 int . emergency room - later 20 vitti be put on he shirt . he look considerably better . jelly be sit down , tapping he own knee with the little rubber hammer . nothing move . doctor shulman , a young cardiology resident , enter . doctor good news , Mr. Evans . you heart be just fine . vitti how could it be fine ? I have have like eight heart attack in the last three week . doctor well , base on everything , I would say you probably have a anxiety attack . vitti ( a beat ) what ? doctor a anxiety attack . a panic attack . I can give you some xanax if it happen again soon -- ( continued ) 21 . 20 continued : 20 vitti ( menace ) look at I . do I look like a guy who panic ? doctor ( nervous now ) there 's nothing -- I mean -- it 's a common thing -- vitti where do you go to medical school ? I have a heart attack , you quack bastard . doctor ( very scared now ) well , not accord to this -- as vitti move toward the Doctor , jelly instinctively grab the Doctor from behind and hold he while vitti wrap the blood pressure cuff around he neck . vitti ( low and deadly , pump up the cuff with the squeeze - ball ) listen to I , jerk -off . I have a mild heart attack and now it 's over . you understand ? the Doctor nod vigorously , he eye bugging out as the pressure around he neck increase . vitti if anyone ask you , you never see I , and I be never here . be that clear ? doctor ( strangle ) yes . vitti good. ( to jelly ) take the chart . jelly release the Doctor , grab all the papers and follow vitti out the door . CUT to : 22. 21 ext . hospital - moment later 21 vitti and jelly come walk out the emergency room exit . vitti stop . vitti jelly , I need you to do something for I as my friend . jelly anything . vitti you have to find I a doctor . jelly we just come from the doctor . vitti not that kind of doctor . I need a head doctor . jelly you be gonna change you face like sonny Black ? do not get he nose though , he look like a pig . vitti not a plastic surgeon , ya spoostud . do I have to spell everything out ? jelly it save time . vitti I need you to find I a psychiatrist . jelly wow . this be like the psychic Network or something . I just run into a psychiatrist . actually he run into I . vitti be he any good ? jelly yeah , he seem like a smart guy . he have a business card and everything -- vitti he have a card ? that 's a real fuckin ' achievement . ( continued ) 23. 21 continued : 21 jelly what do you need a shrink for anyway ? vitti it 's not for I . it 's for a friend . this friend be have some problem , so I be go to ask the shrink some question and get some answer for my friend . jelly get it . vitti and nobody can know . if anyone hear I be talk to a shrink , it could be interprete the wrong way . you know what I mean ? jelly of course . absolutely . ( then ) can I ask you one thing ? vitti what ? jelly this friend . be it I ? CUT to : 22 int . ben' office - day 22 Ben be with a patient , carl anderson , a high -strung milquetoast in he late forty . BEN Carl , I be detect a pattern here . you seem to settle too easily for thing . carl you be right . I do . BEN no , well , there you go . you just do it again . I suggest something and you immediately agree . ( continued ) 24 . 22 continued : 22 carl you be right . I do . BEN why do you think you do that ? carl I do not know . BEN well , sometimes people do it because they fear rejection or disapproval , but you can not let that worry you , Carl . and you can not agree with thing just for the sake of agree . stand you ground . do not let people roll over you . the door open and jelly enter . jelly Dr. sobol ? BEN Excuse I ! I be in a session here . jelly yeah , I know , I be sorry . BEN you're ... you be one of the guy I rear-end the other night . jelly bingo. ( to Carl ) get outta here . jelly take Carl by the elbow and lift he off the couch . jelly upsa-daisy . you get a coat , nutbar ? BEN what be you do ? jelly he 's leave . ( continued ) 25 . 22 continued : ( 2 ) 22 BEN the hell he be . he 's not go anywhere until we be do with he session . jelly pull a big roll of bill out of he pocket , remove the rubber band , and peel off a couple of fifty . jelly ( to Carl ) I will give you a hundred buck to get out of here . Carl look at the money , then he give Ben a plaintive look . BEN do not take it , Carl . Carl look back to jelly . jelly ( peel off another bill ) a hundred and fifty . BEN he 's not leave . carl ( tremble ) Three hundred . jelly ( pay he ) you be not that fuckin ' crazy . Carl take the money , give Ben the thumb up and exit . jelly follow he to the door and wave for someone to come in . BEN listen , if you be upset about you car , I can understand that . but you do not just barge in here -- Paul vitti step into the office . Ben freeze . jelly cross to take vitti 's coat . vitti you know who I be ? ( continued ) 26 . 22 continued : ( 3 ) 22 BEN yes . vitti no you do not . BEN okay . vitti you have see my picture in the papers ? BEN yes . and no . sometimes . never . vitti jelly , wait outside . jelly exit . vitti walk around the room , take everything in . he pick up the phone and listen . hang up . vitti sit down . BEN sure . Ben sit quickly on the coffee table . he crush a box of tissue , then move they out from under he ass . vitti pick up a stack of cds and look through they . vitti tony bennett , huh ? BEN yeah . he 's my favorite . vitti pick up a autograph baseball bat from Ben 's desk . BEN ( put up he hand ) Mr. vitti , I try to give the guy my insurance information , but he would not take it . seriously , I try several time because it be all my please do not kill I . vitti I be just gonna ask if you like baseball . ( continued ) 27 . 22 continued : ( 4 ) 22 BEN yes. Big yankee fan . vitti put the bat down . BEN Mr. vitti . not that it 's you fault , but you friend , he interrupt a patient 's session and that 's -- not good . I think this be a matter for we insurance company , do not you think ? vitti I do not care about the car . BEN then what -- ? vitti a friend of mine be have a problem and he might have to see a shrink , so I be go to ask you a couple question . do we sit ? BEN whatever make you comfortable . Ben start for he chair , but vitti sit in it first . Ben sit on the couch . vitti adjust the cuff of he shirt , and run a hand down the crease in he slack . vitti okay , the first thing I gotta know about be privacy . you must hear a lot of weird shit in here . how do I know you will not go testify -- not testify -- but , you know , talk about it to somebody else . BEN I will not discuss a patient with anyone for any reason , unless I know the patient may be a danger to himself . like if I be concerned a patient might kill himself ... vitti not fuckin ' likely -- BEN -- or kill someone else . ( continued ) 28 . 22 continued : ( 5 ) 22 Ben look to vitti for a response . vitti stare at he for a long , uncomfortable beat . vitti so who start ? BEN why do not you tell I why you think you need therapy ? vitti I do not need therapy . I be help out my friend . you do not hear I say that ? BEN right . I be sorry . vitti you guy be suppose to be so great when it come to listen . you can not remember what I say two second ago . BEN I be very sorry . vitti I have to tell you , Doc , I be not thrilled with the level of service up to this point . BEN why do not you tell I about you friend ? vitti he 's a powerful guy . never have a problem deal with thing , you know ? now all of a sudden , he 's fall apart . he cry for no reason . he 's have trouble sleep . and then he start have this attack . you know , can not breathe , dizzy , chest pain -- like you think you be gonna die . BEN panic attack . ( continued ) 29 . 22 continued : ( 6 ) 22 vitti what 's with all you doctor and the fuckin ' panic ? do I say panic ? BEN not panic . dizzy -- breathe -- chest pain attack . vitti right . so the question be , what can he do to make it stop ? Ben decide to go for it . BEN I be go to go out on a limb here . I think you friend be you . vitti you -- you -- you -- you have a gift , my friend . go on . BEN medication could help , but if you really want to get to the bottom of this , you be go to want to get some kind of therapy . vitti with you ? BEN ( hedge ) with I ? oh , I do not know . I would have to look at my schedule . I be very heavily book right now and I be go on a short vacation tomorrow . vitti where you go ? BEN I do not really share that information with ... vitti where ? BEN Miami Beach . ( continued ) 30 . 22 continued : ( 7 ) 22 vitti you know , this could be good . just get that off my chest , I feel better already . it 's like a load be off my shoulder . thank you . BEN well , I really do not do anything -- vitti you do something . the load ? off . where be it ? do not know . you be good , Doctor . I will be in touch . but listen to I . ( lean close , menace ) if I talk to you and it turn I into a fag , I will kill you . you understand ? BEN could we define ' fag , ' because some feeling may come up -- vitti silence he with a wave of he hand . vitti I go fag , you die . get it ? BEN yes . vitti give Ben a little pat on the cheek , then turn and exit . Ben be stunne . CUT to : 23 omitted 23 23a ext . back yard - later 23a Ben come out the back door of the house carry a couple of suitcase . Michael follow behind he with he bag . they cross to the car in the driveway . BEN I hope you do not leave any food in you room . I do not want to come home and find a science fair . ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/9/98 31 . 23a continued : 23a michael I do not . hey , dad ? one thing though . BEN yeah ? michael I go fag , you die . BEN Michael ! that 's it ! I be sealing that vent . michael you be so cool , dad . be that really Paul vitti ? BEN ( throw the bag in the car ) I do not ask to see he mafia decoder ring , but yeah , it be he . and you can not tell anyone he be here . you understand ? michael should I take it off the internet ? BEN what ? michael I be kid ! CUT to : 24 omitted 24 24a ext . miami beach - day 24a helicopter shot of the hotel front the crowded beach . 24b ext . HOTEL swimming pool ( miami ) - day 24b LAURA macnamara , a pretty and charming tv news correspondent , be on the air live , surround by she camera crew . kid be frolick in the pool , splash off the water slide behind she . ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/9/98 32 . 24b continued : 24b LAURA so judge from the mob scene around the pool here today , I think you would have to say that there 's nothing ' off ' about the ' off - season ' in Miami Beach this summer . now , on a personal note , this be my last report for w.v.b.f . I be get marry to a wonderful man and move to New York , so if you be up that way , watch for I on the w.p.i.x. news team . thanks for everything , Miami . ( voice catch slightly ) for the last time , this be Laura macnamara , w.v.b.f. news . she pull a bouquet out from behind she back and toss it to the camera . LAURA catch ! she smile for a long beat . producer we be clear . Laura 's smile abruptly disappear . LAURA ( to the crew , all business ) I will do the re-ask , then you guy can just shoot the insert and pack it up . ( look off ) Ben ! Laura run to Ben , stand on the sideline , and embrace he . Michael be there too . LAURA this be he , everyone ! this be the guy ! BEN ( to the crew ) hi , everybody . ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/9/98 33. 24b continued : ( 2 ) 24b LAURA ( as she hug he ) oh , I miss you . BEN I miss you too . Michael , say hello . michael hi , Laura . LAURA ( a little too big ) this be Michael ? I do not think so . if I remember correctly , Michael be a little boy , and this , this be a great big kid . hey , you . tell we what you do with Michael sobol . Ben and Michael look at each other out of the corner of they eye . LAURA okay . come on . give I a break . I be try . michael no , it be nice , but I be fourteen so it be not -- you know -- age appropriate . LAURA ( smile appreciatively ) sorry . just smack I if I do that again . ( hug he ) how be you , Michael ? michael great . there be a awkward silent moment , everyone smile uncomfortably . BEN Mike , you want to go look at the camera ? michael why would I want to look at the camera ? ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/9/98 34 . 24b continued : ( 3 ) 24b BEN ' Cause I bet there 's all kind of cool video stuff over there . why do not you check it out ? michael ( get the hint ) oh , yeah . ( to Laura ) be it okay ? LAURA go ahead . if you break something , do not worry . I be out of here . Michael cross to the camera crew . LAURA you think he like I ? BEN Michael ? he 's crazy about you . I be too . they embrace . LAURA you be ? and you still really want to get marry ? BEN of course . LAURA but what if you get tired of I ? I know so many couple that be really happy , then they get marry and just completely lose interest in each other . BEN that 's not go to be we . LAURA I just do not want to lose the passion . BEN yes , I be brim with passion . I be up to here with passion . ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/9/98 35 . 24b continued : ( 4 ) 24b LAURA I want we to be like animal . you know just scream and sweat and tear at each other all the time -- BEN the sweat should not be a problem . the tear sound painful . the SOUND guy cross over . SOUND guy ( embarrassed ) uhh , Laura ? you want I to take you mic , or at least turn it off ? Laura look over at the crew . it 's obvious that Michael and the crew have hear this whole exchange . LAURA oh my God . 25 omitted 25 &amp ; &amp ; 25a 25 a 25b int . waldorf - astoria - HOTEL corridor - night 25 B a room service cart with the remain of a sumptuous meal be stand in the hall outside one of the room . sheila ( o.s. ) oh my God ! oh , yes . oh , yes . CUT to : 26 int . HOTEL room - same time 26 vitti be in bed make love to he mistress , sheila , a pretty woman in she late 20 . they be really go at it . sheila oh , yes . oh , yes . ( then ) be everything okay , Paul ? ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/9/98 35a . 26 continued : ( A1 ) 26 vitti what be you talk for ? I be try to do this here . sheila you seem -- distract . vitti I get thing on my mind . stop talk . sheila okay , I be sorry . just relax , baby . he go back to lovemake . sheila ( after a beat ) be you think about you wife ? ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/21/98 36 . 26 continued : 26 vitti no , I be not think about my wife . ( a long beat ) now I be think about my wife . goddamn it , Sheila , why can not you keep you mouth shut ! completely frustrated now , he get out of bed , leave she alone and confuse . sheila ( small voice ) I be sorry , Paul . CUT to : 27 int . ben' miami HOTEL room - night 27 Ben and Laura be nestle together in bed , asleep . jelly ( o.s. ) ( whisper ) Dr. sobol . Dr. sobol . Ben stir . BEN Mom ? jelly 's head pop up on Ben 's side of the bed . Ben wake up and he eye go wide . jelly put a finger to he lip . jelly Mr. vitti want to see you . I have you robe . CUT to : 28 omitted 28 29 underwater 29 kelp. rock . bubbles . a mermaid swim into view and meet up with another mermaid . they do beautiful back flip under the water . vitti ( o.s. ) you no - good little two - bit piece of shit bastard ! ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/21/98 37 . 29 continued : 29 we pull back to see the mermaid through the view window of a large tank behind the bar of the -- int . wiki wachi lounge - little later a tacky dive with a tropical motif . Ben , in he robe , be be berate by vitti . vitti I get news for you . I be still fuck up . whatever you do the other day , it do not take . you do nothing for I . BEN ( indignant ) I do nothing ? what do you expect ? I see you for five minute . I do not work miracle , Mr. vitti . and I will tell you something else . I do not appreciate it when someone break into my hotel room and kidnap I . I do not go for that . I have a family and a life and a serious practice , and I do not have time for you bullshit ! ( sheepishly ) that get away from I near the end . vitti stare at Ben . vitti I could not get it up tonight . BEN ( stop cold ) you mean sexually ? vitti no , I mean for the big game against Michigan State . of course sexually ! BEN you fly fifteen hundred mile and drag I out of bed in the middle of the night because you could not get a erection ? vitti do not that prove I be motivate ? ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/21/98 38 . 29 continued : ( 1a ) 29 BEN you can take a pill for that , you know . ( continued ) 39 . 29 continued : ( 2 ) 29 vitti no , that 's a cheat . you start with the pill , next thing you know you get implant with pump . I think a hard - on should be get legitimately or not at all . BEN do you see that embroider on a pillow somewhere ? vitti be you gonna help I or not ? BEN I do not believe this . all right . have this happen before ? vitti the dead dick thing ? never . well , one time . tonight . and another time . BEN so twice ? vitti do the math . two time . ( a beat ) there be another time . but it be after a big meal , so , you know , that do not count . BEN listen , be unable to perform three or four time -- vitti five . BEN five time -- it be not the end of the world . vitti maybe not to you -- look at you -- but if I can not get it up , that make I less of a man and I can not have that . ( more ) ( continued ) 40 . 29 continued : ( 3 ) 29 vitti ( cont 'd ) ( move closer to Ben ) in my business I deal with animal . they may seem dumb to a educate guy like you , but make no mistake about it , Doctor , animal be very cun . and they sense weakness . right now I be a injure animal . it 's only a matter of time before one of the lion out there catch the scent . then I be dead . that 's the way it be . if you do not understand that , then you do not understand the life I live and you do not understand I . BEN ( nodd ) okay . vitti I have until the end of the week to get strong or they be gonna eat I up . if they do not kill I in the meantime . BEN what happen next week ? vitti I can not tell you and you do not want to know . BEN it 's impossible . I can not do anything that fast . and even if I could , what 's my goal here ? to make you a happy , well - adjust gangster ? vitti look , the other day I see a commercial on television , some kid play with a couple of puppy . I cry for 45 minute . slap a pair of tit on I , I be a woman ! BEN I be sorry . I can not help you . vitti you be turn I down ? ( continued ) 41 . 29 continued : ( 4 ) 29 BEN Mr. vitti , when I get into family therapy , this be not the family I have in mind . I be turn you down . vitti you with you schmucky little office in you schmucky little house out there in schmuckville -- you be turn I down ? what , so you can spend more time listen to housewive piss and moan about how nobody fuck they right ? BEN I would like to go now . vitti ( start to cry ) you see this ? this be what I be talk about ! I be a dead man ! Ben turn away and start for the door . vitti ( through the tear ) you call yourself a doctor ? you should be ashamed . a real doctor could not turn he back on a person who 's suffer ! BEN ( finally ) all right . ( hand he a handkerchief ) what happen with you wife tonight ? vitti ( wiping away he tear ) I be not with my wife . I be with my girlfriend . BEN you have a girlfriend ? we could do two month on that alone . vitti what , you be gonna start moralize with I now ? ( continued ) 42 . 29 continued : ( 5 ) 29 BEN okay . do you have marriage problem ? vitti no . BEN then why do you have a girlfriend ? vitti I do thing with she I can not do with my wife . BEN why can not you do that thing with you wife ? vitti hey . that 's the mouth she kiss my child good night with . what 's the matter with you ? BEN okay , okay . have you be under a lot of stress lately ? vitti you mean like see you best friend murder ? yeah , I get stress . BEN well , base on what you tell I before about you attack , I would say that 's probably it then . vitti it 's just stress ? BEN I doubt if there 's anything physically wrong with you . vitti ( brighten , point a finger at Ben ) you . you . you be very good . BEN there 's a lot more to it -- ( continued ) 43. 29 continued : ( 6 ) 29 vitti no , you be right . you be right on the money . I can feel the juice rush back to my manhood as we speak . BEN well , I do not need to know that . vitti this settles it . you be my shrink . BEN I can not treat you , Mr. vitti . I do not think you be really ready to open up and deal with -- vitti listen to you . the honesty . nobody -- and I mean nobody -- talk to I like this . I be ready . let 's do it . BEN you do not hear the word ' no ' that often , do you ? vitti I hear it all the time . only it 's more like , ' no , no , please , no ! ' BEN ( relenting ) all right . I be here for two more day . when we get back to New York , I will treat you exclusively for two week . I just need to figure out what to tell my other patient . vitti you want I to clear you schedule for you ? BEN no thanks , I will handle it . now can I go ? vitti throw he arm around he and kiss he on both cheek . a look of concern cross Ben 's face . ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/21/98 44 . 29 continued : ( 7 ) 29 vitti thank you . CUT to : 29a int . ben' miami HOTEL room - night 29 a Ben enter . Laura be sit up in bed , piss off . LAURA what be wrong with you ? I wake up , you be go , no note or anything . I have be go out of my mind , Ben . I walk all over the hotel look for you . I almost call the police ! BEN okay , listen . I be go to tell you the truth . I have a serious patient emergency . LAURA you have patient in Florida ? BEN just one . he follow I here from New York . I have to go . LAURA who be this patient ? ( continued ) 45 . 29a continued : 29a BEN Paul vitti ! ( a beat ) Paul vitti . a long beat . LAURA ( worried ) oh , ben. BEN I know . but do not worry . it 's not like he 's a real patient . he 's get this idea in he head that I be help he . it 's crazy . LAURA you be not go to treat he . BEN no . LAURA tell I you be not . BEN I be not ! LAURA that would be too scary . you do not want a person like that in you life , believe I . I have cover the mob down here . I have see what they can do . BEN listen , it 's be take care of . I tell he I could not see he again . he understand and it 's over . LAURA you sure ? Ben nod . LAURA ( tear up ) I be so worried . he hug she and hold she tightly , feel like a jerk for lie to she . CUT to : 46 . 30 int . sewing room ( new york ) - next morning 30 immigrant garment worker cut and sew fabric . 31 int . office - continuous action 31 this be sindone headquarters . a few of he trust guy be in attendance : handsome jack , potatoe , and moony , he consigliere . moony it do not figure . we take out manetta , what do vitti do ? nothing . why do not he move ? primo sindone , a vain , pompous mussolini , be stand on a stool in he underwear , be fitte for a suit by a nervous tailor . sindone fuck he . moony I be tell you , primo , he 's plan something big . the shit be really gonna come down . sindone then let it come down . vitti 's a tough guy but a lot of tough guy get feed to the crab off Red hook over the year . ( look down at the tailor ) you be down there a long time . be you measure my inseam or contemplate a lifestyle change ? sindone nod for the tailor to get out . moony primo ? what about vitti ? sindone vitti . vitti . the whole time we be grow up , he be the smart guy ; I be the dope . my father be a nickel - and - dime shitheel ; he father have it all . vito genovese blow it at apalachin because he forget to kill gambino before the meeting . ( more ) ( continued ) 47 . 31 continued : 31 sindone ( cont 'd ) I will not make the same mistake . I want Paul vitti dead -- now . you two astronaut think you can handle that ? handsome Jack and potato nod they agreement . handsome jack you get it , primo . dissolve to : 32 man with fish hanging from he mouth 32 a killer whale leap up and take it from between he tooth . ext . miami seaquarium - continuous action the audience in the stand applaud as the killer whale splashes back into the water . 32a LAURA and michael 32 a be clap . Ben be clearly bored . LAURA ( to Ben ) come on . get into it . BEN I do not understand . they jump out of the water , they splash , they eat fish . it 's not a real stretch for a whale . if they do a number from West side Story , then I would be into it . LAURA just stop . ( to Michael ) we be have fun , right ? michael well , to be real honest . I be not have as much fun as it look like I be . I be pretend , you know , because we have to bond and everything . ( continued ) 48 . 32a continued : 32a Laura look at ben. BEN ( to Laura ) you have get to admire the openness . michael ( a tad too excited ) here come the whale again ! 32b tank 32 B the whale leap high in the air and crash back down , send a wall of water fly into the first few row . jelly and jimmy walk by the tank , get soak by the huge wave . jimmy fuck I ! stand Ben look and see jelly beckone he . BEN ( to Laura and Michael ) I be hungry . yeah , I be go to get a hot dog . who want a hot dog ? michael ( rise ) I will go with you . BEN no , I will go . you be pretend to have a good time . I do not want to spoil that . be right back . CUT to : 33 ext . vomitorium - moment later 33 Ben confront jelly and Jimmy , who be soak to the skin . ( continued ) 49 . 33 continued : 33 BEN what be this ? be you guy follow I ? jimmy fuckin ' fifteen - hundred dollar suit . you think the whale piss in that water ? jelly no , I think they use the men' room next door at the Burger King . ( to Ben ) Mr. vitti want to see you . BEN be this a joke ? jelly you be a employee of Mr. vitti 's . that mean you be on call twenty - four hour a day just like the rest of we . BEN no , he and I discuss this . I tell he I would see he when I get get back to New York . jelly do not be a skavootz . it be what it be . if he need you sooner , you go . BEN no , I be not go , and if you bother I again I will not treat he at all . understand ? that 's it . end of story . CUT to : 34 aquarium viewing window 34 Ben plunge into the tank in the middle of a school of shark . he scream silently underwater and swim desperately for the top . a couple of family watch through the view window laugh and applaud as if it 's part of the show . CUT to : 50 . 35 sandcastle 35 a alligator loafer step down on it . we tilt up to a seven -year-old boy with a shovel and pail . boy asshole . after a beat , a ten dollar bill fall where the sandcastle be . the Boy 's face instantly brighten . boy thanks , mister . ext . beach - day the alligator loafer belong to jelly . he 's walk with Jimmy and other bodyguard who form a loose protective perimeter around Ben and vitti as they walk along the shore . all the guy be wear loud Jersey beach outfit . BEN they throw I in the shark tank , Paul . the shark tank ! vitti they be try to make a point . BEN what , that you be a scary guy ? I get it . vitti you be in a mood , you know that ? BEN yeah , I get that way when a shark try to chew on my ass . vitti okay . okay . calm down . BEN I do not want to calm down . my girl friend see I all wet ? I tell she I fall into a tank with the manatee . I lie to she last night , now this . I do not like it . vitti manatee . that 's a funny word . manatee . ( continued ) 51 . 35 continued : 35 BEN I be glad you be entertained . what 's the problem ? vitti oh , I can tell you really care . BEN okay . what 's go on ? vitti I have a episode . not a actual panic attack , but I start panic a little think I might have one . do that seem weird to you ? BEN I be redefining ' weird ' on a hourly basis . what be you think about when you start feel anxious ? vitti I do not know . the usual bullshit . family problem . BEN which family ? ( refer to bodyguard ) this one ? vitti no , regular family . BEN ( stop ) I want you to draw a picture of a house . in the sand . vitti what kind of house ? a warehouse ? a whorehouse ? my house ? what house ? BEN a house . vitti why ? BEN I will tell you after you do it . ( continued ) 52 . 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 vitti bend over and start draw in the sand . vitti this be good . I come to Florida and draw picture in the sand like a jerkoff . 36 bench 36 tino , a local Miami hitman , be covertly watch Ben and vitti on the beach . he talk into a cell phone . tino I do not know what they be do . he 's talk to some guy . look like vitti be draw something in the sand ... what 's he draw ? what be I , superman ? I be a hundred yard away -- I can not see shit ... no way , he 's get that fat jelly with he and he partner , Jimmy boot . we could take he out with a rifle and a scope , but I do not have any of that shit with I . my scope 's in the shop ... Nah , it 's a warranty item ... hey , do not sweat it . you tell I to take care of he , I will take care of he ... okay , I will call you back . 37 back on beach 37 vitti finish draw . vitti there . you happy ? BEN where be the people ? vitti what people ? you tell I to draw a house . BEN I know . but usually when people draw a house they draw people . where be the people who live in you house ? ( continued ) 53. 37 continued : 37 vitti well , you see , they would come out and say hello , but the whole family 's in the Witness Protection Program . it 's very sad . what the fuck you want from I ? they start walk . BEN okay , forget the house . I be go to say some word , and you say the first thing that come into you mind . vitti good , more game . shoot . BEN Home -- vitti -- plate . BEN mother -- vitti -- fucker . BEN Father -- vitti -- forgive I for I have sin . BEN wife ? vitti ( clear he throat ) Love . BEN Son ? vitti look out to sea . BEN Son ? Ben can not see he face , but vitti 's eye be full of tear . he wipe he eye . ( continued ) 54 . 37 continued : ( 2 ) 37 vitti see this ? again with the cry . let 's get out of here . we be be watch . do not look . there 's fed on the roof of the hotel . BEN how do you know that ? vitti I be a criminal . it 's my job . CUT to : 38 ext . HOTEL roof - day 38 FBI agent steadman , ricci , and provano click away with long - lens cameras as they watch from the rooftop . agent ricci who 's the new face ? agent steadman I do not know . get somebody down there to see what he draw in the sand . agent provano whoever this guy be , he must be important to the family . agent steadman maybe he 's vitti 's new consigliere . put he picture on the wire and see what you come up with . CUT to : 39 int . vitti be suite - day 39 vitti , Ben and jelly enter the suite . marie , vitti 's wife , and they child , theresa , 14 , anna , 10 , and ANTHONY , seven , be there . vitti greet they warmly , suddenly a different man . vitti look at this , the whole crew . ( kissing Marie ) you all right ? good flight ? ( continued ) 55 . 39 continued : 39 marie yeah , we be fine . we be on we way to the pool . kid , get you stuff . we will get out of you way . vitti that 's okay . Marie , this be a friend of mine , Ben sobol . ( as they ad lib greeting ) he 's -- from the boat . a fishing boat captain . Cuban refugee . marie ( shaking he hand ) Nice to meet you , senor sobol . Ben look to vitti , then to Marie . BEN gracias . vitti and this be theresa and Anna -- anna Anne . vitti -- Anna , and the big guy , Anthony . Anthony give Ben a manly handshake . ANTHONY how you doin ' ? BEN Nice to meet you . vitti ( notice theresa 's bikini ) Jesus , theresa , you be not wear that suit to the pool . theresa what do you want I to wear , a one-piece ? vitti I want you to wear one of that arab bathrobe with a veil over you face , be what I want . ( continued ) 56 . 39 continued : ( 2 ) 39 theresa Mom ! marie do not worry about it , Paul . we will be back in time for dinner . vitti okay , babe . hey , Anthony . guess what I get ? ANTHONY what ? vitti ( hold up some ticket ) marlin and the brave -- right behind home plate , tonight . ANTHONY you and I ? vitti of course , you and I . ( hug he ) have fun at the pool . stay out of the deep end . and do not swim for a couple hour after you eat . ANTHONY okay , papa . he kiss he father and exit with the other . vitti ( to jelly ) send Jimmy down with they . jelly already do . jelly exit . BEN Nice family . Cuban fishing boat captain ? vitti I can not tell Marie you be a shrink . she would worry , you know . ( continued ) 57 . 39 continued : ( 3 ) 39 BEN about this ? I think she would be more worried about you career choice . vitti just keep go with the therapy . he cross to the bar , pour himself a drink , and light a cigarette . BEN you know , normally a patient would not smoke or drink during a session . vitti ( blow smoke ) that 's a interesting fact I will have to remember if I be ever on ' Jeopardy . ' BEN so tell I about you father . vitti my father . he be a big man in the neighborhood -- very well respected . everybody love he , God rest he soul . BEN he pass away ? vitti no , I just like say ' God rest he soul . ' yeah , he pass away . he die when I be about twelve . BEN how ? vitti heart attack . sudden thing . BEN be you and you father close ? vitti Close ? yeah , you know , pretty close . I guess we be not get along that great right then . ( continued ) 58 . 39 continued : ( 4 ) 39 BEN why be that ? vitti I be hangin ' out in the neighborhood . I have a borghata -- like a kid gang -- hooligan shit , nothin ' big . but my father do not like it . BEN you fight about it ? vitti he slap the shit out of I . BEN and then ? vitti and then that night he die . BEN how do that feel ? vitti it feel great ! how do it feel ? ( shrug ) I do not know . BEN well , think about it . be you angry , be you afraid ? sad ? vitti yeah , I guess . BEN any feeling of guilt ? vitti about what ? I do not kill he . BEN I be just speculate , but maybe in some way you want he to die . vitti why would I want my father to die ? ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/24/98 59 . 39 continued : ( 5 ) 39 BEN well , you say you be fight . you be rebel against he authority . there may have be some unresolved oedipal conflict . vitti English . BEN oedipus be a Greek king who kill he father and marry he mother . vitti fuckin ' Greeks . BEN it 's a instinctual developmental drive . the young boy want to replace he father so he can totally possess he mother . vitti be you say I want to fuck my mother ? BEN it 's a primal fantasy -- vitti have you see my mother ? that be the sickest fuck thing I have ever hear . BEN it 's Freud . vitti well , then Freud 's a sick fuck , and you be too for bring it up . CUT to : 39a omitted 39a and and 40 40 analyze this - Rev. 7/24/98 60/61. 40a int . ocean view restaurant - night 40 a Laura 's family , the macnamaras , and a few close friend have gather for the rehearsal dinner . there be three table in a roped - off section of the restaurant with large floral centerpiece , a small bar in the corner . the macnamaras , scott and belinda , be stand with Laura , Ben , Michael and a couple of other relative . belinda well , be not this wonderful , all of we finally get to spend some time together . ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/22/98 62. 40a continued : 40a scott all set for the big day , Ben ? BEN can not wait , Scott . can I call you ' Scott ? ' scott my friend call I ' Captain . ' BEN Captain . belinda well , if tomorrow go as well as the rehearsal , I would say it 's go to be a beautiful wedding . BEN yes , thanks for go to all this trouble , and I have to thank you and the Captain for something else . scott for what ? BEN ( point to Laura ) for this . everyone " ahh " as Ben give Laura a peck on the cheek . Michael make a face . LAURA ( to Ben ) would you like a drink , because I be definitely have eight or nine . belinda ( disapprove ) shall we go to the table ? as the woman go to they seat , Scott hold Ben back for a private moment . scott Ben , there 's a lot I would like to say to you , but I be go to skip the big father - in - law speech because I know you have be marry before . ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/22/98 63. 40a continued : ( 2 ) 40 a BEN technically , it be not consider a marriage . it be like the Korean War -- more of a police action . scott I serve in Korea , son . I do not think you would be laugh if you would see some of the thing I see . BEN you be right . sorry . vitti ( o.s. ) senor sobol ! everyone turn to see Paul and Marie vitti come into the room , follow by they kid and a knot of bodyguard . Ben 's face fall . he rush over to intercept they . BEN ( sputtering ) Mr. vitti ! how be you ? Mrs. vitti ! honey , it 's the vittis ! Laura glare at Ben . vitti ( charming ) look at everybody . everybody 's smile , everybody 's happy . Nice . this be Marie , my girl , my boy , then all this guy . BEN Mr. and Mrs. vitti , this be Laura , my fiancee . vitti Nice to meet you . LAURA ( stunne ) thank you very much . a tense moment . Ben press on . BEN and this be my son Michael . ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/22/98 64 . 40a continued : ( 3 ) 40 a vitti whoa . he 's a bruiser . ( to Ben ) you be sure this be you kid ? you be a pound and a half soaking wet . I have have lobster bigger than you . ( to Michael ) you ever want a job , you come talk to I , right ? michael seriously ? BEN Michael ! scott you be Paul vitti . the mobster . BEN Mr. macnamara -- uh -- vitti Excuse I . be that polite ? be it ? I be try to be nice here . do I walk up to you and go , ' you be whoever you be . the prick ' ? marie Paul ! BEN Mr. vitti , this be Laura 's father . vitti yeah ? okay , well , sorry . but you should know , there be no mob , and , p.s. , I personally have never be convict of a crime . ( to jelly ) we be nine for nine , right ? jelly that 's right . vitti take a envelope from he jacket pocket and press it into Laura 's hand . ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/22/98 65 . 40a continued : ( 4 ) 40 a vitti ( quietly ) I hear about the wedding . here you go . a little something for the bride and groom . God bless . you should live and be well . LAURA Mr. vitti , we can not accept this . vitti yeah , you can . now , if you do not mind , I just need to borrow this guy for a couple of minute , then that 's it . I be out of here . okay ? LAURA okay . then you leave we alone , right ? vitti of course . I would not do anything to screw up you wedding . ( to Ben ) I gotta talk to you . come on . ( to group ) have a great night , everybody . Nice to meet you . vitti start for the door . BEN ( to Laura ) I have just get to talk to he for a sec . you okay ? LAURA I have never be less okay . BEN great . Ben be yank away by Jimmy . Marie stand with Laura . marie I bet you eat a lot of fish since you fiance 's in the business . Laura stare . CUT to : analyze this - Rev. 7/22/98 66 . 40b ext . terrace - few minute later 40b vitti , Ben and jelly step out . vitti ( to jelly ) watch that door . and do not listen to what we say . jelly my ear be seal . vitti ( to Ben ) okay , listen . I have a really weird dream last night . BEN I feel like I be have one right now . how could you interrupt we party ? vitti you know , you be very rigid about certain thing . BEN just tell I the dream . vitti okay . I be asleep . I hear a baby cry . I go to the refrigerator , I get a bottle of milk , I take it to the baby , but when I go to give it to he , I see that the milk be black . jelly that 's fuckin ' weird . vitti okay , get out of here ! jelly sorry . jelly exit . vitti ( to Ben ) what 's it mean ? and I do not want to hear any more filth about my mother . ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/22/98 66a . 40b continued : 40b BEN I do not know what it mean . what do it mean to you ? vitti this be what I be pay you for ? I say something , you say it right back to I ? I could get jelly to do this for nothing . BEN then get jelly . Ben start to walk off the patio and come face to face with Laura 's father , Scott . BEN Mr. macnamara . Ben exit . Scott macnamara stare suspiciously at vitti , wonder about he connection to Ben . ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/13/98 67 . 40b continued : ( 2 ) 40 B vitti ( to Scott ) why do not you look over that way before I have to bust you fuckin ' head open ? Scott look away , terrify , as vitti exit past he . CUT to : 40c omitted 40c &amp ; &amp ; 40d 40d 40e ext . HOTEL courtyard - day 40e the sun shine brightly on the wedding day . guest be assemble for the ceremony . CUT to : 41 int . HOTEL entrance - moment later 41 tino , the hitman , arrive and saunter into the hotel . CUT to : 42 int . area outside HOTEL room - moment later 42 jelly walk up to one of the bodyguard . jelly I be gonna get something to eat . you want like a sandwich or somethin' ? bodyguard yeah . what kinda sandwich be not too fatten ? jelly a half a sandwich . bodyguard sound good . jelly I will be back in about twenty minute . the elevator arrive , jelly get in and the door close behind he . analyze this - Rev. 7/13/98 68/69 . 43 another elevator 43 the door open and the bodyguard turn to look . two shot from a pistol with a silencer strike he in the chest and he fall to the floor dead . tino step out and drag the body to the stairwell . 44 omitted 44 44a ext . HOTEL courtyard - later 44a the guest be seat , Ben and Michael stand with the justice of the peace as Scott walk Laura down the aisle . the harpist be play and all 's right with the world . Scott shake Ben 's hand . scott ( quietly , to Ben ) nod you head and smile . now , you listen to I , goombah . I know what you game be , and you would better call it quit , because if you and you paisan do anything to hurt my little girl , I will kill you . understand ? nod and smile . Scott cross away . LAURA ( sotto ) what be that about ? BEN nothing . you father think I be in the mafia . LAURA oh . BEN let 's get marry . CUT to : 45 int . vitti be HOTEL suite - same time 45 use a steal pass key , tino quietly open the door and enter . he step into the live room and hear water running in the bathroom . he stealthily approach the bathroom door and draw he pistol with a silencer on it from under he jacket . 70 . 46 int . bathroom - same time 46 vitti stare at he reflection in the mirror , then start wash he face . in the mirror we can see the door start to open behind he , and the long barrel of tino 's pistol through the crack . vitti blindly grope for a towel and start drying he face . 47 int . vitti be bedroom - same time 47 tino be about to shoot when jelly come up behind he , throw one strong arm around he neck in a powerful choke-hold , and grab tino 's gun - hand with he free hand . vitti hear the sound of a scuffle , step out of the bathroom , and see jelly struggle with tino . tino get off a couple of wild shot , but jelly finally shake the gun loose from tino 's hand . vitti pick up the gun and put it to tino 's head . tino shut he eye and turn away , expect the shot , but then vitti 's hand start to shake and he break into a cold sweat . tino open he eye , see vitti freeze , and start fight with renew strength . jelly hang on , look at vitti with concern , then wrestle tino out onto the balcony . CUT to : 47a ext . HOTEL courtyard - day 47a the ceremony be in progress . justice if any man here know why this two people should not be join in holy matrimony , let he speak now or forever hold he peace . a beat , then a scream be hear from above , then tino crash into a buffet table in the b.g. wedding guest react in horror . CUT to : 48 omitted 48 &amp ; &amp ; 49 49 analyze this - Rev. 7/20/98 71 . 50 int . vitti be suite - later 50 Jimmy and jelly be hastily throw clothes into suitcase . vitti come out of the bedroom hurriedly buttone up he shirt . vitti ( urgently , to jelly ) tell mikey to take Marie and the kid right to the airport . ( to Jimmy ) you get the car , bring it around to the back and wait for I . Ben burst into the room . BEN that 's it . I have have it with you ! vitti what happen ? BEN what happen ? I just see a man fall seven storey into a platter of poach salmon ! that 's what happen . vitti do he break anything ? BEN yes. everything ! they be still pick the caper out of he forehead . vitti hey , people get depressed , they jump . it 's a human tragedy , but it 's not my fault . BEN you be tell I it be suicide ? vitti ( to jelly ) I think he leave a note . jelly , do they find that note ? jelly no , but they will in a minute . BEN oh , yeah , here it be . ( more ) ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/20/98 72 . 50 continued : 50 BEN ( cont 'd ) ( pick up a slip of paper , pretend to read ) ' life be bullshit . I can not fuckin ' take it no more . tino . ' vitti enough talk . we get to get out of here . the place be crawl with fed . I be go back to New York and I suggest you do the same . they be probably onto you too now . BEN onto I ? what be you talk about ? be a accessory to murder be not part of we understanding . vitti hey , why you busting my ball ? I do not kill he . I can not speak for everyone in the room , but -- ( he look at jelly ) the son-of - a- bitch come after I ! it be self - defense . trust I , Doc . in this one , we be the good guy . suddenly Laura burst into the room , still in she wedding dress , but dishevel . BEN Laura ! LAURA ( distraught , to vitti ) how could you do that ? vitti great . another country hear from . ( sotto voice to Ben ) get she outta here . BEN honey , why do not you wait downstairs ? ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/20/98 73. 50 continued : ( 2 ) 50 LAURA why , they be go to throw I off the balcony , too ? ( to vitti ) I be thirty -- over thirty year old and all my life I have dream of walk down the aisle in a beautiful white dress and marrying the man I love . vitti that 's a beautiful dress . LAURA thank you , but it 's not about the dress ! we be suppose to get marry ! vitti you be upset . LAURA of course I be upset ! ( to Ben ) I be go downstairs to pack , then I be go to New York and I be get marry with you or without you . okay ? BEN I will be right there . ( walk she to the door ) everything 's go to be all right . I promise . he kiss she and close the door behind she . BEN be you happy now ? you ruin my life ! vitti what , you think I want this ? I be the victim here ! I swear , I be go to kill that son-of - a-bitch ! BEN be that all you know ? do you hear yourself ? I know this would happen . ( more ) ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/20/98 74 . 50 continued : ( 3 ) 50 BEN ( cont 'd ) this whole thing have be one big disaster from the minute you walk into my office . we be finish ! you hear I ? I be no longer you doctor ! vitti just ' cause of this ? BEN of course because of this ! you do not have even the tiniest shred of human decency . all you know be threat and violence and that 's all you will ever know and I can not be around that ! vitti stare at Ben for a long beat . vitti what do you want I to do ? CUT to : 51 int . sindone's office - continuous action 51 sindone be watch " America 's most want , " root for the criminal . moony come to he look concerned . sindone how come I can not get on this show ? this be a good show . moony primo . you get a phone call . it 's Paul vitti . sindone ( warily ) vitti. ( pick up the phone ) hello ? intercut vitti and sindone . vitti be on the phone , struggle to contain he rage . Ben watch . vitti primo , it 's Paul vitti . ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/20/98 74a . 51 continued : 51 sindone yeah , how 's it goin ' ? vitti not good . whoever kill dominic be shoot at I now and I be have a lot of feeling about it and I would like to get some kinda -- BEN closure . vitti -- closure on this . Ben nod in encouragement . sindone what kind of feeling ? vitti I feel very angry , you know . very , uh , enraged . mad. Real mad . thumb up from ben. sindone so why you tell I ? vitti why be I tell you ? like you have nothing to do with it ? sindone I do not know what you be talk about . vitti okay , whatever , I just want to tell you how I feel because I know that anger be -- he look at Ben . BEN a block wish -- vitti -- a block wish , and I be get my wish unblocked and I be look forward to get some closure -- ( more ) ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 7/20/98 74b. 51 continued : ( 2 ) 51 vitti ( cont 'd ) ( lose it ) -- and if you make one more move on I I swear to God I will cut you fuckin ' ball off and shove them up you ass ! sindone vaffancul ' ! vitti rip the phone cord out of the jack and smashes the phone against the wall . he stand there fume . sindone hang up the phone on he end , worried . sindone get a dictionary and find out what this ' closure ' be . if that 's what he 's hit we with , I want to know what the hell it be . CUT to : 51a int . vitti be suite - moment later 51a vitti be still fume . vitti good ? BEN yeah , right up until the shove the ball . you can not keep do this ! you want to get physical ? take a walk . get a punch bag . hit a pillow . vitti whip out a .9mm automatic and empties the clip into a pillow on the couch . vitti there 's you fuck pillow . BEN feel better now ? vitti yeah , I do . CUT to : 52 omitted 52 through through 57 57 analyze this - Rev. 7/20/98 74c. 58 large italianate fountain 58 cheeky marble cherub bathe in the soar jet and bubbling pool of a large rococo fountain . pull back to : ( continued ) 75 . 58 continued : 58 ext . ben' driveway - day Ben , Laura and Michael be stare up at the elaborate fountain that now fill the back yard . BEN call the vatican . ask they if anything 's miss . michael so cool ! janet Michael , get you bag out of the car , please . michael it 's almost as tall as the house ! Michael cross away . Laura glare at Ben . BEN ( read the card ) he feel bad . it 's a wedding gift . LAURA well , we be not marry , so I guess we will have to send it back . BEN hey , do not blame I . you do not want to finish the ceremony . LAURA what do you expect ? you think that 's what I want to remember on we anniversary ? ' gee , honey , let 's go look at the wedding video . there 's my parent , there 's you parent , and there 's the guy who plunge to he death . ' BEN I just want to marry you . LAURA I be start to think that 's not go to happen . BEN come on . next Saturday . it 's all set . I even ask for a room with a low ceiling , just to discourage the jumper . ( continued ) 76 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 LAURA and who 's go to be there ? BEN we three , a clergyman , and any family member who have complete they crisis counseling . LAURA and no guest without neck . everybody have to have a neck . BEN we will do a neck check at the door . they kiss . CUT to : 59 int . sobol family room - moment later 59 the back door open and Ben , Laura and Michael enter , struggle with the luggage . they freeze . sitting in the family room be the three FBI agent : steadman , ricci and provano . agent steadman ( show he badge ) Doctor sobol , Mrs. sobol -- I be agent steadman , agent ricci , agent provano , Federal Bureau of investigation , o.c.d . BEN ( stunne ) obsessive - compulsive disorder ? agent provano organize crime division . we need to talk . Laura recognize provano from the hotel and glare at he . michael the FBI ! this be better than the fountain ! BEN Michael , go to you room . ( continued ) 77 . 59 continued : 59 michael but -- BEN go! michael Fine . I can hear better in there anyway . Michael exit . on the coffee table be dozen of picture of Ben and Paul vitti take in Miami and just about everywhere else . BEN ( a beat ) so. FBI . agent steadman can you explain this photograph , Doctor sobol ? BEN I be a psychotherapist . Paul vitti be my patient . LAURA be you patient . BEN right . be . that 's what I mean . LAURA but not like a real patient . BEN right . provano so why do he send you that fountain ? BEN that be a gift to celebrate the completion of he therapy . we get we television from a agoraphobic , so it 's not that unusual -- you know , maybe you should discuss this with my attorney . LAURA yeah , maybe you should . ( continued ) 78 . 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 agent steadman Doctor sobol , Paul vitti be a extremely dangerous man . we be talk conspiracy , fraud , extortion , racketeer , grand theft , murder ... BEN well , yeah , but do not forget , the man be a sociopath . you have get to expect that kind of behavior -- Ben look out the window and do a double take . 60 ben' Pov 60 Isaac and dorothy be stand in the yard , gawk at the fountain . 61 back in family room 61 BEN Excuse I , fella . my folk be here and I would like to -- well , die would be my first choice . can I go out ? agent ricci it 's you house . LAURA too bad you do not remember that when you be break in . BEN ( as he go ) honey , maybe the federal agent would like something to drink ? could you see what we have ? LAURA ( firmly ) no. BEN ( to the Agents ) I try , guy . Ben exit . CUT to : 79 . 62 ext . back yard - continuous action 62 Ben rush up to Isaac and dorothy . BEN hi ! what a surprise . Ben kiss he mother as she stare at the fountain . dorothy that certainly make a statement . it 's a little big for the yard , do not you think ? BEN what can I tell you , Mom ? it look much smaller in the store . isaac think it will affect you water pressure ? BEN I think it will affect the tide . what be you do here ? dorothy you father and I be just very concerned about what happen in Florida . isaac how be you flight home ? anyone hang themselves in first class . dorothy we get in last night , we could not sleep a wink . be Laura inside ? BEN yeah , but she and Michael be spend some time alone , you know , get to know each other . that 's important . I do not want to disturb that dynamic . dorothy ( a beat ) so you be not go to invite we in ? BEN ( a beat ) no . ( continued ) 80 . 62 continued : 62 dorothy ( insulted ) well , I be go to wait in the car . there 's too much spray . dorothy cross away . isaac all right . what 's with you and Paul vitti ? BEN well , dad , I be not at liberty to discuss that . isaac he 's you patient ? be you joke ? have you think about what this could do to you reputation ? BEN you , know , I always want to be great , but then I realize that I might have to settle for just be good enough . now I have get this guy who 's hurt and I be think that if I can help this guy , maybe I can be a little bit great . isaac Jesus , Ben , you be the one who 's go to be hurt . I want you to stop see he . BEN do not you read you own book ? instead of try to run my life , why do not you just close you eye , take a deep breath , tell I what you feel , tell I what you want . isaac ( uncomfortable ) this be bullshit . BEN you write it . ( continued ) 81 . 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 isaac okay . ( with difficulty ) I love you -- and I be afraid for you -- I want you to be safe -- and I want you to have a good life . BEN ( deeply touch ) be that really it ? isaac that 's it . they embrace awkwardly . BEN you know why I become a shrink ? because I grow up with a great one walk around the house . isaac I think you become a shrink because you be sleep with you psychology professor at Columbia . BEN yes , and because of you . CUT to : 63 int . family room - minute later 63 Ben come back to Laura and the Agents . BEN okay , so you be say ? agent steadman let I cut to the chase . sometime in the next week or so , the head of every major crime family in the United States be go to meet together somewhere in the New York area . Ben nod , finally understanding vitti 's two week deadline . agent provano we think the stage be set for a major bloodbath . have he mention anything about it to you ? ( continued ) 82. 63 continued : 63 LAURA a bloodbath ? BEN no . if he say anything about a bloodbath , I probably would have remember it . bloodbath be one of that word that , you know , stand out in a conversation . agent steadman ( gather photo ) you could really help we out by supplying information about that meeting . BEN and if I do not ? agent steadman if you do not , I will personally make you life a live hell . I want you to think about that and call I at this number when you change you mind . BEN you mean if I change my mind . agent steadman I mean when . LAURA ( tough ) okay . guess what , fella ? you do not scare I . BEN Laura -- LAURA sit down ! ( to the Agents ) there 's go to be a bloodbath . oh , yeah . only it 's go to be between you and I . you think you can break into we home and intimidate we ? that be not the way it work here , boy . whatever he and Paul vitti talk about be privileged . he do not have to tell you a thing . ( more ) ( continued ) 83. 63 continued : ( 2 ) 63 LAURA ( cont 'd ) tarasoff versus . the University of California . look it up . now , if he 's do something wrong , take he downtown and book he . otherwise , I will ask you very kindly to get the hell out of my house . agent steadman we will be in touch . the Agents exit . BEN ( impressed ) Laura , that be really -- LAURA ( furious ) oh , shut up ! Laura storm out of the room in a fury . Ben stand , look miserable , then we hear Michael 's voice from the vent . michael ( v.o. ) you be in trouble . CUT to : 64 int . old lion social club - day 64 vitti be confer with sal masiello , he consigliere . masiello Paul , I do not mean this in a disrespectful way . you know I be a good friend to you father and I will always be a good friend to you . but the word be out that you have be talk to a shrink . be that right ? vitti shoot jelly a sharp look . jelly look away . vitti what 's the point here ? ( continued ) 84 . 64 continued : 64 masiello this concern the whole family . right now , we be the only one who know about it , but if it get out on the street -- what then ? who know what you have be say in there ? vitti it 's none of anybody 's business what I say in there . masiello Paul , I beg to differ . if you be do this to establish some kind of insanity defense later , that 's one thing . but everybody 's gonna think you be fall apart , and that be not good . they will take it as a sign of weakness , and that make we all vulnerable . sindone would take over everything . vitti so what do you want I to do ? masiello it 's time to end it . vitti what do you mean , end it ? masiello get rid of this shrink . he know too much already . vitti you want I to whack my doctor ? masiello if you do not do it , somebody else will . it 's the only way . vitti no. nobody touch he . you hear I ? anybody lay a finger on he , I will kill them . be that clear ? CUT to : 85 . 64a flashback - ext . STREET on lower east side - day 64a vitti and Ben be walk down the street . for some reason , vitti be wear a hat . BEN I be go to buy some fruit . you want anything ? vitti no , go ahead . Ben cross to a sidewalk fruit stand and start pick out orange . vitti lean up against a car wait for he to finish . shot be fire . he run toward the car . more shot be fire . Ben be hit . vitti pull out he gun but he fumble and drop it . the gunman run off . Ben sink to the pavement , mortally wounded . vitti kneel next to he and sob loudly . he put he hand to he head , knock off he hat . vitti papa ! papa ! 64b int . ben' bedroom - night 64b Ben jerk upright in bed , knock awake by the nightmare . dissolve to : 65 holy water font 65 someone dip they finger in . int . catholic church - next day it 's vitti . he go down on one knee and genuflect in front of a big crucifix . Ben wiggle he finger in the holy water , just kind of curtsy and wave at Jesus on the cross . vitti you look lousy . you all right . BEN listen , Paul , please do not send I any more gift . vitti you do not like the fountain ? ( continued ) 86 . 65 continued : 65 BEN that 's not the point . it 's a boundary issue . vitti boundary issue ? I say if more people give from the heart , we would all be better off . let 's see you watch . ( as Ben show he wrist ) piece of junk . you be get a rolex . BEN do not buy I a rolex . vitti who say anything about buy it ? they cross to the main aisle of the church . BEN listen , I really need to talk to you . Ben stop cold . a casket sit in front of the altar . a funeral service be in progress . vitti Tommy angel . we grow up together . worked for a crew out of Jersey City . BEN how do he die ? vitti he be on he way to talk to a federal prosecutor . get hit by a truck -- twice . BEN do I need to know that ? I be have nightmare as it be . the funeral procession come down the aisle . BEN last night I dream we be walk down the street , I stop to buy some fruit , and they shot I -- like brando in the godfather . ( continued ) 87 . 65 continued : ( 2 ) 65 vitti good scene . be I there ? a mourner walk up to vitti , bow he head in respect and kiss vitti on both cheek . vitti on both cheek . vitti give he a consol pat on the shoulder , then the man kiss Ben and walk off . BEN you drop you gun , then you run over to I and start yell , ' papa , papa ! ' vitti I be fredo . I do not think so . a older woman kiss vitti 's hand , then both he cheek . vitti whisper a few word to she , then she kiss Ben 's hand and move on . more old lady kiss they hand as they walk by . vitti you be lose it , Doc . you may need therapy yourself . a man come up to vitti , kiss he on both cheek , embrace he with excessive energy , then repeat the whole scene with Ben and exit . Ben look at vitti . vitti him I do not know . let 's get private . 65a omitted 65a &amp ; &amp ; 65b 65 B 66 ext . church - moment later 66 Ben and vitti come out of the cathedral . BEN do not you see ? you call I ' papa . ' it 's all about you father . vitti what be you , nut ? it be you dream . ( continued ) 88. 66 continued : 66 BEN yes , but that 's what you black milk dream be about , too . vitti uh-uh . I do not buy it . in my dream , I be bring the baby the black milk . BEN Freud believe you be everyone in you dream . vitti yeah , well , that guy I do not need to hear about . I can not even call my mother on the phone after that thing you tell I . BEN let 's say you be the baby . what kind of milk do you get from you father ? vitti could we stop talk about my father ? BEN ( lose it ) that 's the whole point ! we have to start talk about you father . you know what it 's like deal with you ? this be you. ( imitate vitti ) you gotta help I , doc. I be a mess . I be in pain . ( as himself ) okay , Paul , I can help you . ( as vitti ) fuck you . nobody help Paul vitti . vitti very good . now I will do you . ' boo-fuckin' - hoo . ' I never say this would be easy . let 's see how you like it . let 's talk about you father . BEN let 's not . ( continued ) 89 . 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 vitti be he still alive ? BEN yes , he 's still alive . vitti what kind of work do he do ? BEN ( a beat ) that 's not important . vitti you pause . BEN what ? vitti you pause . that mean you have a feel . what do he do ? BEN he 's a psychiatrist . vitti ooh , you be fuck up . next patient , please . BEN we be run out of time , Paul . let 's not waste it talk about my problem . vitti you father 's a problem ? BEN no ! vitti that 's what you just say ! you seem upset . BEN I be not upset ! vitti hey , I be good at this . ( continued ) 90 . 66 continued : ( 3 ) 66 BEN we have three day leave . if you want to spend it screwing around , I can not help you . ( hail a taxi ) call I when you be ready to get serious . vitti say hello to you father for I ! a cab stop at the curb . CUT to : 66a ext . church - same time 66 a handsome Jack and potato watch from a vantage point in the park nearby . potatoe we could just pop he right now . handsome jack in front of a church ? what be you , a fuckin ' animal ? it 's a holy place . potatoe be the sidewalk holy , too ? I mean , where do the holiness end ? handsome jack ( think ) I do not know . second Avenue ? CUT to : 67 omitted 67 &amp ; &amp ; 68 68 69 digital SOUND mixer 69 in the FBI van . a technician work at the computer console . steadman listen . through speaker : vitti ( v.o. ) you want I to whack my doctor ? ( continued ) 91 . 69 continued : 69 masiello ( v.o . ) if you do not do it , somebody else will . it 's the only way . vitti ( v.o. ) no. nobody touch he . you hear I ? anybody lay a finger on he , I will kill them . be that clear ? then the technician play a alter version . vitti ( v.o. ) you want I to whack my doctor ? masiello ( v.o . ) if you do not do it , somebody else will . it 's the only way . vitti ( v.o. ) ( after a beat ) I will kill them . CUT to : 70 int . live room - same time 70 steadman shut off a tape recorder , have just play the alter tape for a stunne Ben and Laura . a long beat , then Ben look up at the agent . BEN ( quietly ) what do you want I to do ? CUT to : 71 int . jimmy car - same time 71 Jimmy be park at the corner watch the sobol house as the three FBI agent leave . CUT to : 72 ext . old lion social club - late afternoon 72 masiello be face to face with vitti . masiello Paul , he talk to the fed . ( continued ) 92 . 72 continued : 72 vitti I know this guy . he would never talk to the fed . jelly 's cellular phone ring . he step away and answer it quietly during the follow . masiello the FBI be at he house today . jimmy it 's the truth . I see them . masiello you will see . next thing be he 's gonna call you and ask for a meeting . vitti come on . you do not know this guy . jelly cover the phone and turn to vitti . jelly it 's Dr. sobol . he say he need to see you right away . vitti nod . CUT to : 73 ext . STREET corner - night 73 Ben wait on a desert corner in Brooklyn . a black town car appear and stop to pick he up . the window be heavily tinted . Ben take a deep breath , cross to the car and open the back door . ext . jelly car - continuous action Ben find jelly sit in the back seat next to vitti . jelly sit up front with Jimmy . BEN ( anxiously ) you want I to sit in front ? Paul usually sit in front . ( continued ) 93. 73 continued : 73 jimmy so this time you will sit up front . why you make a federal case ? BEN ( get in the car ) Federal case ? I be not make a federal case ? let 's go . CUT to : 74 int . paretti' restaurant ( jersey CITY ) - later 74 a waiter pour red wine . Ben be eat out of pure anxiety . jelly and Jimmy watch he intently . vitti stare off . BEN ( prattling nervously ) wow , this be really good . delicious . I love italian food . I have never be to Italy but I would love to go . I have be to France . and Jamaica . that 's nice , but I be sure it 's very different from Italy . a whole different , uh -- ( silence ) so what 's everybody do this summer ? Carlo mangano come to the table . vitti get up , hug and fraternal kiss all around , then mangano sit down with they . vitti this be Ben . he 's a friend of mine . ( to Ben ) say hello to Carlo mangano . mangano how you doin ' ? vitti ( to Ben ) Carlo be on my father 's crew . he 's always be like a -- I do not know -- like a cousin to I . mangano I be you cousin . ( continued ) 94 . 74 continued : 74 vitti I know , that 's what I be say . it 's like a family thing . the closeness . mangano anything you need , anything I can do for you , Paul , you know . I be here for you . vitti I know . so do you take care of that thing I ask you about ? mangano be it all right to talk business in front of you friend ? vitti it 's okay . mangano yeah , I take care of it . vitti how about that other thing ? mangano I be wait for that first thing to come through . I can not move until it do . vitti do the guy give you a problem ? mangano a little . he 's a lunatic . CUT to : 75 int . FBI van - same time 75 the agent monitor the conversation through the bug Ben be wear . they shake they head at the incomprehensible dialogue . vitti ( v.o. ) what do he say ? mangano ( v.o. ) the usual . ( continued ) 95 . 75 continued : 75 vitti ( v.o. ) do you tell he you be not go for it ? mangano ( v.o. ) what be I gonna do ? 76 back in paretti be 76 vitti you always gotta nip that shit in the bud . mangano yeah . but if the first thing be okay , that should fix everything . vitti include the second thing . mangano yeah , but -- vitti exactly . ( to Ben ) do not repeat any of that to anyone . BEN what ? the first thing or the second thing ? vitti that 's stevie beef over there . I gotta go say hello to he for a second . ( to mangano ) come on . Ben watch vitti and mangano cross the room , then turn to jelly and Jimmy . BEN stevie beef . interesting name . when he be young they probably call he stevie veal . ( off no response ) you guy come here often ? jelly paretti 's have a very special meaning to Paul . ( continued ) 96 . 76 continued : 76 jimmy yeah , this be where he father get whacked . jelly hey ! jimmy what 's the big secret ? BEN ( incredulous ) wait a second . Paul 's father be murder ? jimmy right at that table . with he whole family there . jelly hey , just shut up . BEN Paul , too ? he be there ? jelly he do not like to talk about it . everything be suddenly clear to Ben . he stand up . jimmy where you goin ' ? BEN bathroom . jelly I will go with you . CUT to : 77 int . bathroom - moment later 77 Ben and jelly enter . BEN I gotta -- you know -- poop . Ben go into a stall , latch the door and drop he pants . jelly comb he hair in the mirror . ( continued ) 97 . 77 continued : 77 int . stall - same time Ben hastily unbutton he shirt , revealing a small microphone tape to he chest . he pick at the edge of the tape , take a deep breath , then rip it off . BEN ahhhh ! jelly at the urinal , react to Ben 's cry . jelly you need more roughage . a bran muffin in the morning would help with that . CUT to : 78 int . paretti be - back at table - few minute later 78 Ben and jelly rejoin vitti . Ben start right in on he . BEN I have to talk to you -- in private . vitti ( to jelly and Jimmy ) leave we alone . they exit without hesitation . BEN why do not you tell I about you father ? vitti what about he ? BEN you say he die of a heart attack . vitti so what 's the problem ? BEN what 's the problem ? you father be murder ! ( continued ) 98 . 78 continued : 78 vitti heart attack , murder , what 's the difference ? he 's dead . BEN there 's a big difference . why do not you tell I ? vitti because it 's private . you think I tell you every little thing ? BEN that be not a little thing ! vitti okay , you want to know ? analyze this . I be twelve year old , the whole family be have dinner together right over there , two guy walk in and shot he dead right in front of we . okay ? BEN and you do not think this be important enough to tell I ? vitti what be I suppose to do ? spend the rest of my life cry about the past ? forget about it . BEN you know what ? I think you want to talk about it . vitti no , I do not want to talk about it . BEN I think you do . vitti no , I do not . BEN then why do you choose this restaurant ? vitti ' Cause I like it , okay ? ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 6/25/98 99 . 78 continued : ( 2 ) 78 BEN of all the place we could have go , why this one ? vitti White clam sauce . the best . BEN no , we be here because you want I to know about you father . you be reach out to I . vitti I will reach out to you -- vitti suddenly reach over and rip Ben 's shirt open . all he see be a bald patch on Ben 's chest where the bug be tape . BEN I think we have some major trust issue here . CUT to : 78a int . sindone headquarters - same time 78a the cut room be desert except for primo and he man . sindone be at he desk read the entertainment section of the New York Times . sindone ( study the paper ) I would like to see a movie but there 's nothing out there . it 's all this shoot - them - up action bullshit . I get enough of that at work . they all laugh . moony finish a call on he cell phone . moony that be we friend . he mark you guy at paretti' . sindone yeah ? then let 's make it the last supper . Jack ? handsome jack you get it , primo. ( to potato ) let 's go . ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 6/25/98 99a . 78a continued : 78a sindone ( as they exit ) hey , Jack . just for fun , tear out he heart and bring it to I . CUT to : 79 ext . STREET - later 79 vitti , Ben and the boy come out of the restaurant and walk to the car . BEN Jimmy , you can have shotgun this time . I do not mind . jimmy Nah , sit up front . there 's more room for you leg . BEN my leg be short , it 's fine in the back . jimmy get in the front . BEN you know what ? it 's late . I think I be just go to call it a night . why do not I just grab a cab and head on home . ( continued ) analyze this - 6/17/98 100 . 79 continued : 79 jimmy get in the car . BEN no really , it 's all right . jimmy ( pull a gun ) get in the fuck car . Ben look to vitti for help . vitti do what he say . BEN you know , we call this a transference neurosis . it 's when the patient start act out he problem with he therapist instead of out in the world . it 's usually consider a good sign . not for I , in this case , but -- Jimmy force he into the back of the car . CUT to : 79a ext . paretti' restaurant - moment later 79 a the lincoln make a u-turn in front of paretti 's and drive off down the street pass handsome Jack and potato in a car park at the corner . the car take off after the lincoln . CUT to : 80 int . FBI van - same time 80 the agent be monitoring the bug , but all they hear be water running and toilet flushing . agent ricci what 's he do in there ? he 's be in the bathroom for half a hour . ricci and steadman look at each other . CUT to : analyze this - 6/17/98 101 . 81 ext . paretti' restaurant - moment later 81 the FBI van pull up and lurch to a stop . CUT to : 82 int . paretti' bathroom - moment later 82 steadman rush in , push open the stall and see the microphone and transmitter in the bottom of the toilet bowl . CUT to : 83 omitted 83 &amp ; &amp ; 84 84 85 ext . scrap yard - night ( later ) 85 jelly 's car pull into a scrap metal yard and park . they all get out . jelly hand vitti a gun . vitti ( to Jimmy and jelly ) leave we alone . jelly look apologetically at ben. jelly sorry , Doc . it 's not personal , you know . BEN do not kid yourself , jelly . it do not get more personal than this . ( continued ) 102 . 85 continued : 85 jelly and Jimmy walk away , leave Ben alone with vitti . vitti you know why I have to do this , do not you ? BEN because you be a paranoid ? no , actually you be a reverse paranoid . you think you be out to get everybody . vitti do not bullshit I ! you betrayed I ! you stab I in the back . they start shouting at each other . BEN I betrayed you ? what be you talk about ? who 's get the gun ? vitti you think I be a idiot ? do not insult my intelligence . you cooperate ! you talk to the fed ! BEN they play I a tape ! you say you be go to kill I . vitti never . I never say that . they glare at each other for a moment . BEN it do not matter . I do not betray you , Paul . yes , they make I wear a wire , but I take it off , because I think I know how to help you now . vitti I do not want to know what you think . BEN yes , you do . vitti no , I do not ! ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 6/10/98 103. 85 continued : ( 2 ) 85 BEN I think you do . vitti ( put the gun to Ben 's head ) it 's over ! do not you get it ? I take one chance and that 's it . BEN okay . ( as vitti cock the gun ) can I ask you one last question ? vitti ( a beat ) what ? BEN what do you order ? vitti what ? BEN what do you order ? vitti when ? BEN that night . what be you eat the night you father get kill ? vitti how the hell do I know ? BEN you do not remember ? vitti it be 35 year ago . BEN what do you father have ? vitti I tell you ! I do not remember . BEN try. ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 6/10/98 104 . 85 continued : ( 3 ) 85 vitti what 's the matter with you ? BEN it 's a simple question . what be you father eat ! vitti ( after a long pause ) penne . BEN good . and you . vitti ravioli . BEN the food be on the table ? vitti they be just serve it . BEN do you see the guy come ? vitti one of they . dress like a busboy . BEN do you father see he ? vitti no , but I know he look wrong . BEN why ? vitti his pants . they look too good for a busboy . BEN he walk over to the table ? vitti I watch he the whole way . BEN do you say anything ? ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 6/10/98 105 . 85 continued : ( 4 ) 85 vitti my father be so mad at I . BEN and you be mad at he . vitti I could not say anything . BEN and then . vitti I never see the second guy . my mother start scream . BEN and you blame yourself ? vitti I coulda save he . BEN but you be mad at he . vitti ( start to hyperventilate ) I kill my father . BEN you do not kill he , Paul . you be angry but you do not kill he . that 's the life he choose . vitti I never get to say good - bye . BEN say it now , Paul . talk to he . what do you want to tell he ? vitti I can not . BEN you have to . tell he , Paul . vitti ( break down ) I be sorry . I be so sorry . ( continued ) analyze this - Rev. 6/10/98 106 . 85 continued : ( 5 ) 85 BEN it 's okay , Paul . you can let go of it now . vitti lean back against the car , slump to the ground and start sobbing , 35 year of pent - up grief finally find expression . 86 jelly and jimmy 86 stand around smoking , wait for the death shot . jimmy what 's take so long ? I be ruin my goddamn shoe here . fuckin ' $ 350 bruno maglis . jelly what 's wrong with you ? do not you have any respect ? this be a very difficult thing for Paul . jimmy shoulda let I do it . I would be home watchin' e.s.p.n.2 by now . World 's strongest man . you should see this guy . 87 vitti and BEN 87 Ben be comforting vitti . BEN you could not save he , Paul . he be try to save you . that 's what you fight about . he do not want this for you , and you do not want it for Anthony . you do not want he to grow up the way you do -- without a father . vitti just cry louder . 88 jelly and jimmy 88 hearing the cry . jelly Jesus , the guy 's fallin ' apart . jimmy why do not he just pop he ? it 's embarrassing . analyze this - Rev. 6/10/98 106a . 89 BEN and vitti 89 Ben try to comfort vitti who be still cry . BEN you father 's not dead , Paul . he 's alive -- in you . and he 's try to tell you something . ( continued ) 107 . 89 continued : 89 suddenly , there be a gunshot and a bullet ricochet off the top of the car . BEN oh , my God ! 90 handsome jack 90 he open up with a mac - 10 . jelly and jimmy Jimmy go down , hit in the shoulder . jelly dive for cover behind a rusted car body . vitti and BEN BEN ( in a panic ) Paul ! they be shoot ! vitti continue to sob , oblivious to the gun battle raging around he . jelly he fire back at handsome Jack . potatoe he rake the lincoln with a burst from the assault rifle . jelly car all the window be blown out by the gunfire . Ben scream . BEN Paul ! for God 's sake , shoot somebody ! vitti just sit there on the ground , still sobbing quietly . jelly he reload and fire again . ( continued ) 108 . 90 continued : 90 potatoe jelly 's last shot strike he right in the chest , and he go down . handsome jack he see potato fall and start move out , cover he retreat with another burst from he machine gun . jelly car something snap inside Ben . BEN goddamn it ! he take the gun out of vitti 's hand and start firing wildly . jelly he see handsome Jack emerge from cover and take he out with five quick shot . handsome jack he go down firing , dead before he hit the ground . scrap yard it 's suddenly quiet . after a long moment , Jimmy roll over and moan . jelly go to he and start examine he wound . 91 jelly car 91 Ben stand up , still hold vitti 's gun . he see handsome Jack lie dead on the ground . BEN oh my God ! do I do that ? jelly no , Doc . that one 's mine . you get the chevy camaro and the side - by-side refrigerator - freezer . ( continued ) 109 . 91 continued : 91 vitti emerge from behind the car look red-ey but compose again and look at ben. vitti pretty fuckin ' ironic , be not it ? you can give I back the gun now , Doctor . vitti hold out he hand . Ben hesitates for a moment , then hand he the gun . vitti it 's okay . I be not really gonna whack you . ( off jelly 's skeptical look ) all right , maybe I be gonna whack you , but I be real conflict about it . progress , right ? BEN I do not think I can see you anymore . vitti yeah , I figure . BEN this be big tonight . you might feel a little raw for a while . vitti yeah . BEN so good luck . it 's be -- vitti nod , they stand there for another moment , then Ben walk off into the night . CUT to : 92 int . ben' office - morning 92 elaine , a fortyish , tired - look wife and mother sit on the couch across from Ben . Ben look bored and depressed . elaine I want to please he in bed , but whatever I do it seem like it 's never enough . now he want I to say thing when we be make love . ( continued ) 110 . 92 continued : 92 BEN what kind of thing do he want you to say , Elaine ? elaine well , he want I to call he ' big boy . ' and he 's my buck bronco , and I be suppose to ride he hard and put he back in the barn wet . Michael 's laughter be hear come through the vent . Ben close he eye and sigh deeply . elaine be you all right , Dr. sobol ? BEN let I suggest something , Elaine . if the man want you to say thing ... damn it , you should get down on all four and bark like a dog if that 's go to get the job do . break out the wine , baby . smoke a joint . do what you have to do , because life be too short . it 's just too fuck short . Elaine stare , take aback , then she smile . elaine okay . CUT to : 93 ext . vitti be house - several day later 93 jelly , Jimmy and Iron Mike arrive and walk up to the house . the rest of the crew be stand around on the porch . CUT to : 94 int . vitti be bedroom - moment later 94 jelly enter and find vitti in he undershort , put on he tie , look very strong . jelly how you feelin' , boss ? you need anything ? ( continued ) 111 . 94 continued : 94 vitti no , I be great . never feel better in my life . when this meeting be over they will not know what hit them . jelly give he the thumb up and exit . vitti turn to the tv and start knotting he tie as a prudential insurance commercial start playing , feature a father and he son . as vitti watch the sentimental ad , he eye fill with tear . CUT to : 95 ext . waldorf - astoria HOTEL - little later 95 the sun be shine . a beautiful day for a wedding . " here come the bride " be hear . 96 int . waldorf - astoria banquet room - later 96 the crowd ooh and aah as Laura start down the aisle in she wedding dress . Isaac and dorothy be stand near the chupah ready to receive she . dorothy be Ben go to step on the glass ? isaac no . he do not want to hurt he foot , so they be go to drop a person on it . dissolve to : 96a int . waldorf - astoria banquet room - moment later 96 a Laura and Ben stand before a reformed rabbi . the family be gather again . Michael stand just to the side . rabbi we be put on this earth to find a love , a soulmate , someone with whom we can create joy . how glad we be today that Ben and Laura have find each other , and we anticipate and celebrate the year of joy they will share together from this day on . we hear a psst from somewhere . Ben and Laura do not seem to notice it . ( continued ) 112 . 96a continued : 96a rabbi Ben , do you take this woman , Laura , to be you lawfully wedd wife , for richer , for poorer , in sickness and in health , ' till death do you part , so help you God ? another psst . Ben look over and see jelly stand behind some flower to the side of the altar . BEN ( hiss ) no ! rabbi Excuse I ? BEN no , not you . I be talk to he . rabbi who he ? BEN it 's not important . yes . rabbi yes what ? BEN yes to the thing before . to she . that 's a yes . pick it up from there . jelly move closer . the guest start to mutter . jelly ( to Ben ) Doc , we be go to need to hurry it up here . ( to Michael ) hi , kid . LAURA I do not believe this ! jelly ( to the rabbi ) haul ass , buddy . we get a problem . LAURA who the hell do you think you be ? ( continued ) 113. 96a continued : ( 2 ) 96 a jelly ( to Ben ) ooh , she 's feisty . watch out , doc. ( to the rabbi ) tick tock , let 's go . hurry up and pronounce they , huh ? rabbi by the power vested I by the state of New York , I now pronounce you man and wife . jelly okay . kiss , kiss -- Ben and Laura kiss . jelly I be sorry about this , Mrs. sobol , but duty call , you know ? LAURA ( tear up ) oh. you be the first person to call I Mrs. sobol . jelly Nice , huh ? LAURA no . BEN Laura , I be sorry . it 's the job . LAURA go. just go. ( to jelly ) have he back here by the salad course or you be in serious trouble . capiche ? jelly you be a pistol . ( to Ben ) I like she . Ben kiss Laura , then the organist play " here come the bride " as jelly and Ben hurry down the aisle together . angle on scott and belinda , isaac and dorothy shaking they head in confusion . CUT to : 114 . 97 omitted 97 &amp ; &amp ; 98 98 99 int . waldorf - astoria HOTEL - reception area 99 Ben come out of the function room with jelly . jelly he 's bad , Doc . worse than I ever see he . I think he inner child be all fuck up . BEN have you ever see a episode like this ? jelly yes. once on ' Bonanza , ' hoss cartwright get bit by a raccoon . he get this fever and he be shaking -- BEN never mind . CUT to : 100 omitted 100 100a int . waldorf garage - moment later 100 a jelly and Ben come out of the hotel into the garage area . jelly this be serious , Doc . if he do not make this meeting , they will kill he for sure . BEN can not someone else in the family go for he ? Tommy the tongue ? louie the lip ? what about you ? you go ? jelly that would work except for one little detail . I be a fuck moron . I be know for it . ( a beat ) you have to go . BEN I ? you must be a moron . ( continued ) 115 . 100a continued : 100 a jelly hey ! watch that . BEN you just say it yourself . jelly it 's different when I say it . when you say it , it sound very negative . BEN I be sorry , jelly , but I be not go . I be not on the payroll anymore , so forget about it . my wife be wait -- he turn to go back into the hotel . jelly doc. Ben feel a gun press against he back . BEN you can not shoot I , jelly . jelly correction . Mr. vitti could not shoot you . but here 's something about I you should know . I never get marry , Doctor sobol . I do not have a hobby . I never get a dog or a cat . I do not even have a goldfish . I live for one reason only , and that 's to serve Mr. Paul vitti . he 's what I be think about when I wake up , and he 's what I be think about when I close my eye to sleep . if he tell I to jump off a tall building , not only would I do it , I would hope to survive so I could do it again and again until he tell I to stop . this be all I know . this be all I get . so please do not think I will not kill you , because I would hate for you last think to be a wrong one . you be go to that meeting . CUT to : 116 . 100b int . FBI car - moment later 100 B park on 50th Street , ricci and another agent watch the limo emerge from the waldorf garage . ricci signal someone on the radio . 100c FBI helicopter 100c fly into view over Park Avenue and start tracking the limo . 101 ext . mid - town tunnel - day 101 the black stretch limo approach the tunnel entrance . a FBI helicopter zoom into view high above . CUT to : 102 int . helicopter - same time 102 steadman and provano track the limo from the air as it enter the tunnel . 103 omitted 103 104 ext . tunnel exit - moment later 104 Fifteen identical limo emerge from the tunnel on the queen side and start criss -crossing as they leave the toll booth , then head off in different direction . CUT to : 105 int . helicopter - same time 105 steadman and provo try to pick Ben 's limo out of the pack of identical limo head up the Long Island Expressway . steadman ( desperately ) which one be it ? agent provano the black one . CUT to : 117 . 105a int . limousine - day 105 a Ben be in the back with jelly and Jimmy . one of they crew , iron mike , be drive . Ben be put on a suit of Jimmy 's . he look very anxious . jimmy ( he shoulder bandage ) just remember . that 's a fuckin ' $ 1200 valentino suit . you spill anything on it , I will mess you up good . jelly shut up . you be make he nervous . if he get nervous and fuck up , they will kill he for sure . ( to Ben ) let 's go over it again . BEN this be insane . jelly Mr. vitti 's be detain , apology all around , blah , blah , blah . then you say you be the new consigliere , and you be prepare to speak for Mr. vitti . BEN then what ? jelly then you just keep you mouth shut , and hope nobody ask you nothin' . jimmy Boy , this be some fuckin ' plan . jelly shut up . ( to Ben ) if you have to talk , just be vague . can you do that ? BEN I be a psychologist . believe I , I can be vague . CUT to : 118. 106 int . vitti be bedroom - same time 106 vitti be lie on the bed stare at the ceiling . Marie be stroking he forehead . then he look over and see Anthony sit in a chair at the foot of the bed , watch he with concern . vitti should not you be outside play or something ? ANTHONY no , it 's all right . vitti how long you gonna sit there ? ANTHONY ( shrug ) how long you gonna lay there ? vitti smile . vitti I be do . CUT to : 107 ext . ozone park ( queen ) - minute later 107 the limo pull into the parking lot of the top limousine service . fifty other limo be already park there . jelly and Jimmy get out , follow by Ben , now dress in shiny suit and pinky ring . CUT to : 108 int . top limo garage - continuous action 108 Ben , jelly , and Jimmy enter a garage the size of a small airplane hangar . the floor have be clear and long table set up to form a square in the middle of the room . wiseguy with shotgun patrol the catwalk above the floor and soldier be post at all the door . BEN ( sotto voce ) I can not do this . I be tell you , I can not do this . jelly do not fuck whine ! whine 's a dead giveaway . come on ! you be the consigliere , for chrissake . ( continued ) 119 . 108 continued : 108 around the table sit forty or fifty of the biggest gangster in the world . a few captain stand around the perimeter , ready to serve they boss . BEN this be the boss ? that one look like my uncle Max . jelly steer Ben to a empty seat next to Carlo mangano . mangano ( surprised ) what 's goin ' on ? where 's vitti ? jelly on he way . do not worry . mangano eye Ben with contempt . mangano what 's he doin ' here ? jelly he 's -- it 's okay . forget about it . mangano forget about it ? what the hell be that ? seat directly across the room from Ben be primo sindone . he stare hard at Ben , try to place he , then lean over to moony , he consigliere . sindone who 's the guy with jelly ? moony I do not know . Ben look away nervously . BEN ( to jelly , borderline hysterical ) I can not do this . he start to get up but jelly pull he back down . moony stand up and get everyone 's attention . ( continued ) 120 . 108 continued : ( 2 ) 108 moony all right , gentleman . I think we better start . we have a big agenda , so for now let 's stick to the big issue . and it would help if you identify yourselves when you speak , since we do not all know each other , and we do not think anybody would be into wear any fuck name tag . laughter around the table . sindone stand up and look straight at Ben . sindone I be primo sindone . they call I sonny Long . it 's good to see so many of the old face here , and to welcome the new one from all over the country . I see Frank Zello , and Joe baldassare , but I be a little disappointed to see that the head of we other New York family be not here today . all I see be he man jelly and some saw - off little prick nobody know . jelly look at Ben , wait for he to speak , but Ben just sit , freeze , look down at he hand . jelly ( stand up , rattle ) yeah , well , the thing be Mr. vitti have be detain and he send he apology for -- be detain -- and he apologize for he -- detainment . sindone detain ? what kind of bullshit be that ? what 's more important than this ? as the host of this meeting , I take he not be here as a sign of disrespect to I and to all this other man , too , who come a long way to be here . jelly Mr. vitti mean no disrespect . the thing be , he 's not feel well . he 's sick and he -- do not feel well -- ( continued ) 121. 108 continued : ( 3 ) 108 Ben rise and slap jelly hard across the face . BEN ( quietly ) jelly ! we do not ever discuss Mr. vitti 's health outside the family . you know better . jelly be stunne . the boss murmur . sindone all right , who be this guy and what the fuck be he do here ? BEN in answer to you first question , my name be Ben sobol -- ( off sindone 's look ) -- leone . sobboleone . they call I -- ' the doctor . ' as for you second question . I be here represent Paul vitti . as he conser -- conghili -- jelly ( prompt ) consigliere -- BEN ( slap he again ) do not you ever correct I again ! as he consigliere , I be intimately involved in all aspect of the family business and I be prepare to speak for Mr. vitti on all matter . sindone okay , Doctor , then let 's get down to business . everybody know there 's be this thing between I and Paul vitti for a long time . BEN which thing be you talk about ? the first thing or the second thing ? sindone what second thing ? I only know one thing . ( continued ) 122. 108 continued : ( 4 ) 108 BEN well , I do not see how we can discuss the first thing without bring up the second thing . do not you talk to the guy ? he tug meaningfully on he earlobe . sindone what guy ? BEN the guy with the thing . sindone what thing ? what the fuck be you talk about ? BEN how should I know ? you bring it up . ( gesture helplessly to the other ) this be the whole problem . you can not have a intelligent conversation with the man . sindone how about if I just break you fuckin ' neck ? what do you think of that ? BEN it 's not important what I think . what do you think ? sindone what do I think ? I think it 's a good idea ! why would I say it if I do not think it be good ? BEN I do not know . why would you ? sindone ( frustrated ) I would not ! that 's what I be say ! BEN have you always have a problem deal with you anger ? ( continued ) 123. 108 continued : ( 5 ) 108 sindone what be you talk about ? BEN what do you think I be talk about ? sindonsindone ( explode ) I do not know what the fuck you be talk about ! BEN see , you be angry again . do you feel you have to get angry to be hear ? sindone turn to a couple of other boss , frank zello and joe baldassare . sindone what 's he talk about ? zello I do not know . but you do have a tendency to get angry a lot . baldassare I agree , primo . sindone I be try to talk about vitti ! why be we talk about I ? BEN interesting . do you feel you be not worthy enough to be talk about ? sindone what do that mean ? BEN what do you think it mean ? sindone fuck you ! zello primo , calm down . ( continued ) 124 . 108 continued : ( 6 ) 108 sindone calm down ? how can I calm down when this prick will not stop with the question ? BEN could you pass the fruit , please ? sindone that 's it ! you be a dead man ! sindone whip out a pistol and point it at Ben , but just as he 's about to shoot -- vitti ( o.s. ) primo ! all eye turn . 109 paul vitti 109 he 's stand there , stare at sindone , cool , clear , and unafraid . he look like a king . the room go silent . vitti look around the table , nod , and cross to Ben . jelly get up to greet he . vitti ( quietly , to jelly ) wait outside with the car run . jelly nod and exit . BEN what be you do here ? vitti save you ass . sit down . I will take it from here . Ben sit , greatly relieved . vitti ( to the group ) I be Paul vitti . I be sorry I be late . that of you who know I will know I mean no disrespect . if it 's all right with you , there 's something I would like to say , then I will leave you to you business . Ben look at vitti and see a kind of serenity and clarity he 's never see before . ( continued ) 125 . 109 continued : 109 vitti about two and a half week ago , somebody kill my friend , dominic manetta . he look straight at sindone . sindone do not look at I . everybody know you whacked he so you could take over everything . vitti what I really come here to say be that I have come to a very important decision in my life . I want out . a great murmur of surprise sweep around the room . Ben look at he proudly . vitti I be go away for a while , but I will respect the oath I take the day I be make , and whatever I know about anyone else 's business , I take with I to the grave . you have my word . a negative buzz among the boss . vitti as for my own organization , I know Carlo mangano would like to be the new boss . mangano smile gratefully . mangano thank you , Paul . vitti that 's why he betrayed dominic and I to we enemy and send he own man to kill I in Miami . mangano be stunne . vitti but I leave it to my people to deal with that and choose they own boss . and even though it 's my right , I will not take revenge , mostly because I be in a good place mentally and feel good about I . ( continued ) 126 . 109 continued : ( 2 ) 109 zello ( perplex ) I do not know , Paul . I can see where some people might have a problem with this . vitti I realize that , so as a extra token of good faith between we , I have take the liberty of write down everything I know and put it in a safe deposit box in case anything happen to I or my family . there 's a long tense silence while the other boss consider all this . then , finally -- zello I do not know what anybody else think , but I say good luck and God bless , Paul . baldassare good luck , Paul . salut . they all raise they glass and toast vitti . Ben raise he glass to vitti and drink . BEN ( to vitti ) well do . vitti smile at he and drink . CUT to : 110 ext . parking lot - moment later 110 Ben and vitti come out of the building and cross to the car . jelly be wait , Iron Mike have the motor running , and Jimmy be in the front seat with he . vitti let 's move . sindone and mangano come out with gun draw , flanke by two wise guy . sindone vitti ! ( continued ) 127 . 110 continued : 110 vitti and he crew turn and face sindone and mangano across the parking lot . vitti I do not want to do this , primo . sindone you do not want to do this ? that 's fuckin ' rich . what do you think , you could just quit and walk away ? you think this be a fuckin ' civil service job ? what be you , crazy ? vitti not anymore . ( to mangano ) hey , Carlo , tell I . you gonna stab I in the back like the piece of shit I always know you be ? mangano stare at he , cold and hard . mangano I be not gonna stab you in the back , Paul . I want to see you face when I do it . vitti I do not think so . ( call out ) mo-mo ! mo- Mo stand up from behind a car point a shotgun at mangano and sindone . vitti big ! johnny big step out from behind a shed hold a assault rifle . vitti Eddie ! the back of a van open to reveal Eddie " coke " and tuna man a military air-cool machine gun on a tripod . vitti it 's over , primo . now get the fuck outta here . sindone glare at he , then lower he gun , turn , and start to walk back into the building join by mangano and the soldier . ( continued ) 128. 110 continued : ( 2 ) 110 vitti and Ben relax . BEN good think . I be go to bring a machine gun but I do not have one . of course , we have not open the wedding gift yet . suddenly , sindone whirl and fire at vitti . Ben stagger in front of vitti and take the bullet in the shoulder . CUT to : 111 int . garage - continuous action 111 the assemble boss hear the sound of gunfire outside . Zello look at baldassare . zello oh , shit . the boss all jump up and run for the exit . CUT to : 112 ext . parking lot - same time 112 as the gun battle continue , sindone jump into a car and try to escape , but Eddie coke rip he car with the machine gun , stop it dead . 113 omitted 113 113a gate 113a a nypd armored assault vehicle burst through the gate . Police cruiser and swat van come racing up to the scene , siren shrieking . then , from out of the sky , the FBI helicopter descend , blaring a warning . agent steadman ( v.o. ) ( on a loudspeaker ) Drop you weapon and lie facedown on the ground . I repeat . Drop you weapon and lie facedown on the ground . CUT to : 129 . 114 ext . alley - continuous action 114 boss and fat capo go run through the alley and clamber over fence in they silk suit and expensive loafer . 115 ext . parking lot - continuous action 115 agent ricci , wear a flak jacket and FBI baseball cap , have sindone down on the ground with he foot on primo 's neck and a .45 aim at he head . agent ricci ( scream ) do not move ! do not you fuck move ! sindone hey ! take a pill , robocop . vitti be tend to Ben who be on the ground lean against the side of the limo . vitti ( deeply move ) I can not believe it . you take a bullet for I . what doctor ever do that much for a patient ? I will never forget that . BEN Paul -- I trip . vitti yeah . you trip over you unconscious . dissolve to : 116 ext . federal prison - many week later 116 it 's a beautiful summer day . convict be play basketball and loung in the yard . CUT to : 117 int . prison library - same time 117 Ben in a sport coat , and vitti , in prison white , be sit around in a circle with several other convict . donny , a heavyweight con with a shave head and numerous tattoo be talk . ( continued ) 130 . 117 continued : 117 donny I do not think my mother really listen when I talk . she never listen . vitti and how do that make you feel ? donny it make I feel angry . vitti I will bet you feel hurt , too , do not you ? donny ( suddenly vulnerable ) yes , I do . BEN Paul , what would you say about what donny 's feel ? vitti donny , when you be thirsty , you do not go to the wall -- you go to the well . you know what I be say ? you mother may never be able to listen to you , but you have friend here who will . okay ? Ben be proud of vitti 's new sensitivity . BEN and be patient , donny . most people 's problem take month , sometimes year to resolve . donny I be do twenty - five to life . BEN that should be plenty of time . CUT to : 118 int . prison corridor - later 118 Ben and vitti have just leave the therapy group . ( continued ) 131 . 118 continued : 118 BEN you know they find primo sindone dead in a field near LaGuardia . vitti I hear . ( off Ben 's look ) I have nothing to do with it . there be guy line up from canarsie to Atlantic City who want to whack that bastard . BEN okay , just check . vitti you know , Doc , I do not think I ever thank you properly for curing I . BEN we do not say ' cure . ' we say you have a ' corrective emotional experience . ' vitti you , you , you be very good . BEN ( point ) no. you. you . CUT to : 119 omitted 119 120 ext . sobol back yard - night 120 Ben and Laura be dance in the yard . Paper lantern be hang here and there . a bottle of champagne sit open on the table . a great tony bennett song can be hear play . BEN happy ? LAURA I just can not get use to it . BEN what ? ( continued ) 132 . 120 continued : 120 LAURA it 's be three week since the last time you be kidnap . I do not know if I can adjust . they kiss as the song end . Ben turn and speak to someone o.s. BEN what do you say , tony ? one more ? tony bennett and he trio be set up on the back porch . tony bennett whatever you want , Dr. sobol . my friend tell I to stay as long as you want I . what do you want to hear , Mrs. sobol ? LAURA you choice , tony . tony bennett I be hope you would say that . ( quietly , to trio ) ' World on a string , ' fella . tony sing " I have get the World on a string " as Ben and Laura continue to dance . the camera pan up and we see Michael smile and shoot video from he bedroom window , then the camera pan up to a starry sky , and we ... fade out . the end