analyze that screenplay by peter steinfeld and harold ramis and peter tolan base on character create by kenneth lonergan and peter tolan June 2002 draft for educational purpose only fade in : int . dimly - lit bar - night two man , caesar and marty " duck , " stand at the end of the desert bar , talk quietly , oblivious to the exotic dancer grind she pelvis on a pole in the middle of the small stage . body language and charisma tell we that caesar be the boss , " duck " he lieutenant . duck it 's peezee . gotta be . he hate you fuckin ' gut . caesar ( brood ) I do not know . duck who else know about the money ? and how do peezee know they pop tony cisco when we do not even hear about it ' till last night ? caesar ( sigh heavily ) I do not know . duck ( press ) what be so hard to understand here ? you say yourself peezee be a mamaluke and you could not trust he . now suddenly you be soft on the guy ? caesar I just do not think it be he . duck okay , I will bite . if not peezee , then who ? caesar ( slowly rise to he full height ) I think it be you , duck . caesar start to walk away as the bartender , now hold a saw - off shotgun , move closer to duck . the exotic dancer split in a hurry through a curtain at the back of the stage . duck ( scared ) you gotta be kiddin ' ! caesar stop at the door where two of he soldier have 2. appear , hold automatic weapon . duck caesar , you know I ! what kind of fuckin ' idiot would I have to be to try that shit with you ? caesar a dead fuckin ' idiot . as he walk out the door , the soldier OPEN FIRE on marty " duck . " caesar do not look back . pull back to : tv screen the title credit come up on the make - for-cable series we have be watch , " Little caesar . " clapping and cheering from o.s. widen to : int . sing sing prison - night maximum -security prisoner be gather around watch they favorite show in the rec room . in the front row be paul vitti , former New York crime boss , and a couple of other wiseguy . vitti garbage . Change the channel . wiseguy okay , Paul . the wiseguy get up and start switch channel on the tv . a couple of convict in the back start to protest . convict hey ! what be you doin ' , asshole ! vitti turn and stare at they . they fall silent immediately . convict sorry , Mr. vitti . do not mean any disrespect . wiseguy punk . vitti turn the page and see a huge headline in the Post : mob shrink tell all . he get up , agitate . 3 . vitti I be go to bed . vitti stand up and head back to he cell . CUT to : int . cell block - moment later as vitti approach he cell , he see a prison guard stand by . his cellmate , earl , a giant of a man , come out of they cell carry he bedroll and a box contain he other meager possession . vitti ( suspicious ) what 's goin ' on , Earl ? earl they be transfer I . vitti why ? earl ( shrug ) do not know . thanks for look out for I , Mr. vitti . vitti yeah . take it easy . he notice something in the box . vitti hey , Earl . be that my after-shave ? earl ( blanch ) I be sorry . I just grab stuff -- I do not know -- vitti that 's okay . keep it . go ahead . earl thanks . see you around . Earl exit with the guard . vitti hesitates a moment , then warily step into he cell . CUT to : int . vitti be cell - middle of night the cellblock be quiet . a guard stop outside the darken cell , look around to make sure no one be watch , then 4. pull out a gun with a silencer , reach through the bar and fire repeatedly into vitti 's shadowy form under the blanket . then he slip away as quietly as he appear . on he exit we pan down to vitti , unhurt , curl up under he bunk . CUT to : int . memorial chapel - day a deluxe casket flanke by elaborate floral display and a easel display a portrait of the decease , Dr. Isaac sobel . mourner fill the pews , standee at the back , a overflow crowd . BEN sobel sit in the front row , stare at the casket with he wife , LAURA , he son , michael , now a teenager , ben' mother , and she friend , dr . joyce brother . at the podium , the rabbi be speak . rabbi and now I would like to call on Isaac 's son , Dr. Ben sobel , who would like to say a few word . Ben rise and cross solemnly to the podium . BEN ( address audience ) it 's very difficult for I to talk about my father , because in a sense I be talk about two man . BEN ( cont 'd ) one , of course , be the public Isaac sobel , the eminent psychotherapist and popular author know to million of reader around the world . Laura , Michael and Ben 's mother listen proudly to the eulogy . BEN the second Isaac sobel be the private man -- my father -- dad . and for that of you who know he well and know we family -- well , let 's face it -- my father be a psychotic , mind - fuck prick . a arrogant , abusive , ego - inflate -- a ringing cell phone interrupt he . jump CUT to : BEN 5. still seat in the front row , daydream . the ringing continue as all the mourner and even the rabbi discreetly check they cell phone . then Ben realize it 's he , fumble for the phone in he jacket pocket and answer it . BEN ( whisper ) hello ? the mourner mutter . CUT to : int . prison pay phone - same time vitti guess who , you fuck ! intercut with : int . chapel Ben turn away from Laura . BEN Paul ? ( to Laura ) I have to , uh , take this . ( into phone ) this be not a good time . vitti be dishevel , he hair mess , he shirt buttone wrong . vitti not a good time ? let I explain something to you . I be in fuck Hell right now . this be not a good time . BEN ( sotto voce ) I can not talk right now . my father die ! vitti so what do that have to do with I ? BEN call I later -- vitti do not hang up on , sobel ! they be tryin ' to kill I ! 6 . Ben hang up . CUT back to : vitti he stand there for a long beat just stare , the dial tone buz in he ear . CUT to : int . sing sing - mess hall - next day vitti and another wiseguy pass through the cafeteria line with they trays . vitti now look catatonic . wiseguy # 2 ooh , they get tapioca . I love tapioca . ( look at vitti ) you all right , Paul ? vitti just stare , wild - eye , actually drool a little . wiseguy # 2 can I have you tapioca ? a guard , the one who try to kill he , watch vitti from he post . then he nod to someone across the room . coyote , a heavily - muscle and tattooe gang member , nod in response . vitti walk past the table where coyote be sit with other tough Hispanic gang member . coyote ( to vitti ) hey , fredo ! or be it guido ? his friend laugh . vitti stop and stare dumbly at they . coyote just keep walkin ' , Don corleone . there be a tense moment , then vitti burst out laugh . coyote shut up ! vitti laugh harder , strangely manic . coyote I say , shut up , bitch ! 7 . but vitti can not stop . he drop he tray of slop , splattering food on the man . coyote leap to he foot and pull a shiv . coyote you be a dead man , jefe ! coyote lunge at vitti with the knife , but vitti suddenly whirl around , bashes coyote in the face with he food tray and burst into song . vitti ( sing , with appropriate dance move ) ' when you be a jet , you be a jet all the way , from you first cigarette to you last dyin ' day ...' prisoner and guard stare at he like he 's nut . coyote stab at he again , but vitti dodge and smashes he over the head with the tray . vitti ' when you be a jet , if the shit hit the fan , you get brother around , you be a family man ... ' coyote you be a dead man , jefe ! coyote rush he , but vitti sidestep and hit he in the face . Guards move in from all side . vitti jump up on the tabletop to escape they . vitti ( kick at they , sing ) ' I like to be in America , okay by I in America ... ' the guard drag he down and cuff he hand behind he , then carry he out stiff as a board . vitti ' tonight , tonight , will not be just any night -- ' dissolve to : ext . sobel house - later a limo pull up to a old , but well - maintain suburban house , the family get out and start walk to the house . 8. CUT to : ext . sobel house - front porch - moment later the family cross to the front door . BEN ( sigh deeply ) I can not believe he 's go . LAURA I can not believe what you say about he . cold and withhold ? you have to tell everybody ? michael Nice . why do not you just take a swing at the casket ? Ben open the front door and they go in . CUT to : int . foyer - continuous action the family enter the foyer . BEN okay , I might have stray from my note a little . I be deal with a lot of stuff here . grief be a process . Laura notice FBI agent cerrone and miller wait for they in the live room . cerrone be a attractive woman in she late twenty , wear a dangerously - short skirt . Miller be a clean - cut man in he thirty . miller Dr. sobel , I be agent Miller , this be special agent cerrone , Federal Bureau of investigation . we would just like to ask you a few question , if we could . LAURA ( testy ) can I ask what this be about ? we just come from the cemetery . cerrone we know this be a difficult time for you , Dr. sobel . sorry about you father . BEN thank you , I be go to miss he 9. terribly . Ben gesture for they to sit . Laura and Michael both look at he doubtfully . BEN I mean -- there be issue -- as , I think , there be with any father and son . he be not especially warm -- LAURA Ben -- once today ? enough . BEN no , I be just say , in spite of all that -- agent cerrone cross she leg , a move that do not go unnotice by Ben and Michael . BEN -- he be a great , great leg . ( beat ) man. cerrone Dr. sobel , you receive a call this morning from Paul vitti ? Laura shoot he a look . BEN what make you think Paul vitti call I ? miller because we monitor and record all he phone call from sing sing . BEN then yes . he do . LAURA that be he on the phone ? BEN yes. LAURA and you do not tell I ? michael wow . talk about withhold . BEN Michael ? 10 . LAURA you tell she -- ( nodd at agent cerrone ) you tell she at the drop of a hat . Agents cerrone and Miller eye each other . BEN she 's with the f.b.i . she need to know this thing . LAURA oh , I see . and I do not . why tell Laura ? she could not possibly handle a phone call . BEN do I say that ? miller you folk need a minute ? BEN no , we be fine . LAURA if you do not need I anymore , I will be in the kitchen . ( to agent cerrone ) and two word of advice -- from one professional woman to another -- pant. suit . she exit . BEN she 's grieve . it 's a process . miller we understand . ( prompt ) vitti ? BEN oh , yes . Paul vitti and I be involved in some organize crime activity a couple of year ago . I mean , I be not involved -- not ' involved ' involved -- I be just try to help he therapeutically , and some people try to , uh , kill we . no big deal . miller well , shortly after you speak , he 11 . seem to have some kind of breakdown . BEN what kind of breakdown ? miller I think you would better go up there and see for yourself . CUT to : int . sing sing infirmary - psych ward - day vitti huddle in the corner of a bare , white , padded cell , rock , completely out of he head . vitti ( sing ) ' I feel pretty , oh , so pretty , I feel pretty and witty and bright ... ' int . observation room - same time Ben watch through a two - way mirror with the prison psychiatrist , dr . cutler . they can hear vitti through a wall - mount speaker . dr . cutler I be treat he with thioridazine , 300 milligram , t.i.d . that seem to keep he pretty calm . BEN ( watch vitti ) that would keep a parade pretty calm . he just keep sing West side Story song ? dr . cutler ' tonight , ' ' Maria , ' the balcony scene . BEN the balcony scene ? both part ? dr . cutler oh , yeah . get he to do ' Officer krupke . ' it 's really good . int . padd cell Ben and Dr. cutler enter . vitti do not seem to notice . vitti ( sing ) ' who 's the pretty girl in the mirror 12 . there ? what mirror ? where ? who can that attractive girl be ? ' BEN Paul , it 's I . Ben sobel. Paul ? ( beat ) Maria ? vitti tony ? BEN ( with a look to Dr. cutler ) oh , boy . ( to vitti ) what 's go on , Maria ? vitti the rumble -- it 's tonight ! I have to get out of here . I do not want to die . no , chino , no ! vitti 's jaw suddenly go slack and he slump in he seat , stare forward . BEN Paul ? Paul ? Ben wave a hand in front of vitti 's face . nothing . dr . cutler this be how it 's be . he sing for a while , then he go completely catatonic . BEN ( skeptical ) really . can we take he to a examine room ? dr . cutler of course . CUT to : int . examining room - minute later vitti sit inert on the examination table . BEN you already do a neurological work - up ? dr . cutler yep . no tumor , no aneurism , no sign of stroke -- 13 . Ben slap vitti 's face lightly a couple time . BEN completely catatonic -- he pull on vitti 's ear and nose . vitti do not react . BEN totally go . well , I do not think he 's smart enough to be fake . Street smart , yes , but we be talk about a i.q. just north of a bedroom slipper . Ben check vitti out of the corner of he eye . no reaction . then Ben take a sharp needle from a instrument tray . BEN so if I just stick he with this needle , he probably would not even respond . dr . cutler I do not know . try it . Ben hesitates for a moment to see if vitti will crack , then BEN okay -- he stick the needle into vitti 's shoulder . vitti ( burst into song ) ' Boy , boy , crazy boy , keep cool , boy ! get a rocket in you pocket , keep cool -y cool boy -- ' CUT to : int . sing sing - consultation room - next day vitti be sit at a table face Ben . Dr. cutler observe from a chair in the corner . BEN Paul , we be go to give you some test to assess you mental condition . there 's no pressure -- just answer as best you can . do I have you consent to share the result of this test ? vitti mommy 's mad at I because I make a boom on the rug . 14 . BEN I will take that as a yes . okay , I be go to show you ten card , each contain a picture of a inkblot . I want you to look at each card and tell I what you see . vitti I see you . I see he . I see a table . BEN focus , Paul . you have not see the card yet . ( hand he first card ) what do this look like to you ? take you time . vitti look at the wrong side of the card . it 's all white . vitti it look like snow . BEN no , Paul , the other side . vitti turn it over and make a face . vitti a bat . a big bat . or a weasel . BEN ( take note ) bat or weasel . all right . vitti and he 's get a little girl -- no , it 's a little boy -- in he tooth -- and he 's shakin ' he and shakin ' he ' cause the kid do not wipe himself good -- and the kid be scream because the bat-weasel rip out he throat and the blood be shootin ' out of he neck vein . ( point ) that 's the blood . Doctor cutler look worried . BEN ( skeptical ) see anything else ? vitti just the pussy with the tooth . 15 . BEN ( make more note ) pussy with tooth . next card . CUT to : shape test vitti be literally try to pound a square peg into a round hole . CUT to : vitti and BEN BEN now try repeat the number backwards . for instance , if I be 1 - 2 - 3 , you will say 3 - 2 - 1 . okay , 7 - 3 -8 . vitti 3 - 2 -1 . BEN try again . 7- 3 - 8 . vitti Blue . CUT to : thematic apperception test vitti study a vague and ambiguous photograph of a man stand beside a bed with a sleep woman and child on it . BEN just tell I what you think be go on in this picture . vitti this be a picture of a guy -- nice , hardwork guy -- come home and find out he wife 's be screwin ' this midget while he be out of town . BEN ( appal , make a note ) screw a midget . and how do the story end ? vitti I think he work over the midget for a while , then he blow them away . 16 . BEN the wife or the midget ? vitti ( smirk ) trick question , right ? both of them . CUT to : another test BEN okay , Paul . last test . in this one , I be go to start a sentence and you complete it any way you want to . ready ? ' I get angry -- ' vitti yes . BEN no , you be suppose to complete the sentence . vitti I do . I say ' yes . ' BEN I be not ask if you agree or disagree ; it be more like , ' I get angry when -- ' vitti -- whenever . BEN well , that about do it for I . CUT to : int . U.S. attorney' office - day Ben meet with richard chapin , the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York . BEN base on he symptom and the test result , I would say brief psychotic disorder -- if it persist , possibly schizophreniform disorder . and Dr. cutler agree with my diagnosis . chapin so he 's crazy ? 17 . BEN Dr. cutler ? no , he 's annoying , but -- chapin vitti . BEN not crazy . at least not permanently . in certain people , continuous exposure to a extremely stressful situation -- soldier in combat , for instance , disaster victim , a hostage situation , or be lock up in a maximum security prison with someone try to kill you -- it can produce a temporary psychotic state . chapin how temporary ? BEN a day , a week , up to a month -- if the precipitate stressor be remove . chapin ( muse ) which mean he 's not go to get any better while he 's still in the can . BEN he could get worse . he could deteriorate to the point where he would be permanently schizophrenic . chapin then I would say he 's get a real problem , because he go before the parole board in four week . BEN you think they will let he out ? chapin oh , yeah , I be sure they will want to release a major mafia figure who 's now totally derange on top of it . BEN ( think ) well , could not you release he to a halfway house or some place where he could get some decent treatment ? base on my earlier work with he , I do not think he 's dangerous , and I think he be make a real effort to reform himself . 18 . chapin you do , huh ? ( think for a long moment ) okay . then I will tell you what . I be gonna release he into you custody . BEN mine ? I ? no , this be a bad time for I . my father just die -- and I have get this bulg disc in my neck -- and we be redecorate , which be a total nightmare . I can not -- chapin you want to see he kill in prison ? BEN no , of course not . chapin or send to a facility for the criminally insane . BEN no -- chapin then he 's all yours . I be go to talk to the Bureau of prison and get you certified as a temporary federal institution . BEN ( stricken ) what ? I can not be a institution . chapin ( firm ) you have get thirty day to get he in shape for he parole hearing . that mean sane , sober and gainfully employ . but let I warn you , Doctor . if he fuck up in any way -- if he flee , or if I find out that this whole thing be just a setup so he could get back on the street and return to a life of crime -- I will hold you totally responsible , and I will see that you be stripped of you license and prosecute to the full extent of the law . be we clear ? BEN ( gulp ) yes . we be clear . 19 . chapin you still want he ? BEN ( long beat to decide ) yes. CUT to : ext . sing sing - few day later the gate open and Ben coax vitti outside . a guard watch they . BEN okay , Paul -- this way . vitti come out carry a overnight bag , walk like a zombie . Ben lead he over to the car and open the door for he . vitti keep walk , pass the car . BEN this way , Paul . over here . here we go . Ben help vitti into the car . one of vitti 's leg be still outside . BEN leg , Paul . leg up . Ben lift vitti 's leg into the car and close the door . CUT to : int . car - moment later Ben start the car and pull away with vitti still slump in he seat . once out of sight of the prison , vitti straighten and turn on Ben , suddenly lucid . vitti ( enraged ) you fuck son-of - a-bitch ! where the fuck do you get off stick I with a needle ? BEN I know it ! I know you be fake ! you use I to get you out of prison ! vitti take you long enough . I be singin' West side Story for three fuckin ' day . I be half a fag already . 20 . BEN what be you talk about ? vitti I call you to say somebody 's try to kill I and you hang up on I ? BEN I be at the funeral home ! vitti you be my fuckin ' doctor ! BEN my father die ! vitti I I I I ! he 's dead ! get over it . BEN be you hearing yourself ? vitti ( perfunctorily ) I be deeply sorry for you loss . BEN yeah , I can see how touch you be . vitti what 's the difference ? you hate he anyway . BEN I love my father . I be feel a lot of grief right now . vitti I be not sense it , but if you say so . Ben nervously pop a pill and swallow it . vitti ( be : pill ) what 's that ? BEN decongestant . I be get over a cold . all right , what 's go on ? who 's after you ? vitti I do not know -- take you pick . could be my old family , or could be the rigazzis . ever hear of Lou rigazzi - - Lou ' the wrench ' ? 21 . BEN why " the wrench " ? vitti because he twisted a guy 's head off once . BEN off ? vitti off. fuckin ' calabrese -- animal . and comin ' from I you know that 's a big compliment . BEN I be sure they would be flatter . so -- vitti the fed be really put the pressure on . the family be fight each other again -- what 's leave of them . it 's the fall of the fuckin' Roman Empire . it 's World War Three out there . BEN so what do that have to do with you ? vitti they know I be gettin ' out soon and the last thing anybody want to see be I get into it on either side . BEN maybe if you just explain to they -- that you be out of it now , that you be start a new life -- vitti yeah , they will probably want to throw I a party and give I a gold watch . trust I -- nobody 's lookin ' forward to I be out . BEN you be , be not you ? vitti I ? oh , yeah , my future look real fuckin ' rosy . Ben can not believe what he 's get himself into . CUT to : ext . sobel house - later 22 . Ben and vitti pull into the driveway and get out of the car . BEN want to grab you stuff ? vitti I be not gonna be here that long . jelly 's pickin ' I up in a hour . BEN Paul ! I do not think you understand . you be in my custody . I could get in a lot of trouble if you screw up . vitti do not worry about it . I will call you tomorrow . BEN oh , no . you want to go back to sing sing ? Thursday 's meatloaf night . I can have you back there in no time . the U.S. Attorney be very clear . you stay with I ; therapy every day ; you can not leave the area without permission -- vitti what be you , my father now ? BEN and you have to get a job as soon as you be well enough , which be now . so be you come in with I or do I have to make a phone call ? vitti relent and grab he stuff from the back seat . vitti I be comin ' . some fuckin ' life this be gonna be . he follow Ben up the stair . CUT to : int . U.S. attorney' office - later chapin be confer with another U.S. attorney , davis , and Agents Miller and cerrone . cerrone you really think vitti be crazy ? chapin yeah , he 's about as crazy as I be . 23 . think about it . lock up , he be absolutely no use to I . but back on the street , vitti 's still powerful enough to pose a threat to both family . it 's like throw gasoline on a fire . davis if we can use vitti to escalate this war , we might just end up put they all away . miller that 's if he go back to he old life . chapin if ? people like Paul vitti do not change . this guy 's be a menace to society since he be twelve year old . be a criminal be all he know . trust I . davis he 's gonna head straight for trouble . then all we have to do be sit back and pick up the piece . we could get twenty , maybe even thirty indictment next time the grand jury convene . chapin ( smile ) you know , giuliani start this way . davis you run for mayor ? chapin could happen . just stick with vitti . CUT to : int . sobel house - later Ben and Laura be in the kitchen , clean up the dinner dish . Ben be wear a apron that say " to heck with housework ! " and a pair of playtex rubber glove . Laura be angrily muscle dish around . LAURA how could you ? how could you bring he here ? that -- ( shudder ) -- mobster -- in my home -- eat off my dish . 24 . ( look at the plate in she hand , disgust ) ewww . she scrub the plate with manic energy . BEN I do not have a lot of choice . LAURA oh , there 's a law that say you have to bring a gangster home ? BEN I tell you . he 's in my custody . I be a federal institution . LAURA you should be in a institution . why could not he just go home ? BEN his wife and kid be not here . they're in Ohio . LAURA Ohio ! sure . everyone get to be in Ohio except I . BEN his life be threaten and he do not want to endanger he family . LAURA how thoughtful ! what about endangering we family ? ( worried ) I think my tooth be loose . feel my tooth . BEN honey , you tooth be fine . I know it 's a imposition , but what could I do ? I do not want he here . they - LAURA you do not want he , I do not want he , but here he be ! she look up and jump when she see vitti stand there . LAURA ( cover , cheerful ) here he be ! vitti coffee ? 25 . LAURA what ? vitti somebody say something about coffee . LAURA that be you . you say you want some . vitti so what 's the holdup ? LAURA ( to Ben ) why do not you make you friend some coffee . I be go upstairs to take a long bath and hopefully drow . Laura smile at the two man , then exit . BEN you will have to forgive she . she 's usually a great hostess . vitti I understand . she 's uncomfortable . the whole situation 's a little awkward with I bein ' here -- but let 's face it , Emily fuckin ' Post she 's not . BEN Emily fuckin' Post . well , that explain why she rarely use she middle name . vitti listen , I get a friend come over . I do not want you to be surprised . BEN what kind of friend ? because if it 's ' the wrench , ' or ' the power drill ' or any other kind of tool -- vitti not that kind of friend . it 's a personal thing . BEN they will not stay late , will they ? vitti ( stare at he ) be you really that pussy - whipped ? 26 . BEN I be not -- this have nothing to do with Laura . vitti I hear she busting you ball . BEN we be have a disagreement . a certain amount of conflict be normal in a marriage . vitti or? BEN or what ? vitti or you be pussy - whipped . BEN Paul -- vitti good night , whippy . BEN ( call after he ) remember , this be only temporary . vitti oh , really ? I do not hear you the tenth fuckin ' time . he exit . CUT to : int . upstair hallway - moment later Ben knock on Michael 's door and walk in without wait to be ask . CUT to : int . michael be room - continuous action Michael be sit up in bed read . BEN ( oblivious ) Mike , can we talk for a second ? michael sure . what ? 27 . BEN I know the last few week have be kind of tough with grandpa -- die and everything -- and it might have feel to you like I do not have time for you or I do not care about how you feel . michael no , it do not . BEN good . because I want you to know that you can talk to I about stuff and that I can really listen and understand what you be go through . michael I do , dad . BEN and if I seem a little hard on grandpa , it 's just that you grandfather be a hard man in a lot of way . he want everything do he way and sometimes I just feel like nothing I ever do be good enough . I do not want it to be that way with we . michael it 's not . BEN and you know , at time like this we all might start question we own mortality and you might be think how devastate you would be if I die . right ? michael no . not really . BEN that 's good . good talk . and I realize it 's all a little hectic right now , but this Paul vitti thing be only temporary , okay ? michael oh , really ? I do not hear you the tenth fuckin ' time . BEN that 's not funny . good night , Michael . 28 . michael good night , whippy . Ben exit , shaking he head . the moment he 's go , the rumple blanket next to Michael shift , and a cute , punky 16 - year -old girl emerge from hide under the comforter . cute girl I gotta get home . what be that about ? michael I have no idea . parent stuff . CUT to : ext . sobel house - night the suburban street be dark and quiet and all the light be off in the house . woman ( v.o. ) ohhhhh ! ohhhhh , Paul ! CUT to : int . master bedroom - same time the room be dark . we pan up the foot of Ben and Laura 's bed and find they both wide awake stare straight up at the ceiling , listen . woman ( o.s. ) ohhhh , God ! oh , oh , oh , oh ! BEN this have to be some kind of record , do not you think ? it 's be like forty minute . LAURA how long be you go to let they go on ? BEN let they ? how much longer can he go ? another twenty minute , I be either break it up or call the guinness Book of record . the moaning shift into low gear , more guttural and bestial . LAURA oh , give I a break . she 's get to be 29 . fake . nobody sound like that . BEN ( suggestively ) that 's not entirely true . LAURA okay , sometimes you do sound like that . the o.s. moaning kick up another notch . Laura roll over and jam she pillow over she ear . Ben growl , exasperate . CUT to : int . michael be room - same time Michael 's girlfriend be go . he have he bedroom door open a crack and he 's stand there hold a small tape recorder and smile broadly . woman ( o.s. ) ( high - pitch now ) ah , ah , ah , ah ...! CUT to : ext . STREET - same time Agents cerrone and Miller sit in a sedan with a small , sophisticated - look microphone train on the sobel house just down the street . they hear the high -pitch moaning . Miller give cerrone a look . cerrone oh , come on . nobody sound like that . CUT to : int . hallway - moment later Ben take a deep breath and knock sharply on the guest room door . the heavy moaning stop . after a moment , vitti appear wear only a bathrobe . Ben can see the beautiful sheila sit naked on the bed . vitti what ? BEN ( indignant ) I have a 17 - year - old son . vitti so let he get he own fuckin ' girl . 30 . BEN can I talk to you , please ? vitti actually , I be right in the middle of someone . Sheila start to light a cigarette . BEN miss ? Excuse I . there 's no smoking in this house . CUT to : int . michael be room - same time Michael freeze , about to light a cigarette himself . CUT to : int . live room - moment later Ben come down the stair with vitti . BEN what do you think you be do ? vitti mind my own fuckin ' business , like you should be doin ' . BEN well , it 's a little hard with the live sex show go on in the guest room . vitti I have be in prison for two and a half year . what be I suppose to do ? BEN go to a hotel . vitti that 's what I want to do , but you tell I I have no choice -- it be either here or sing sing . BEN I be not try to punish you . this be not my rule , but I have a responsibility here . besides , I think you might like a nice home - cook meal after be in prison that long . 31 . vitti yeah , that 's what I have be jerkin ' off about for eight hundred consecutive night -- a nice home - cook meal . ( make a jerk motion ) ohhhh , tuna casserole . BEN that girl be not stay here . vitti I think you be jealous . BEN oh , yeah , I be really jealous . vitti I do not hear nothin ' comin ' out of you room . BEN we do not think it 's necessary to wake the neighbor every time we have sex . vitti hey , if you be really quiet , you might be able to do it without even wakin ' up you wife . sheila ( o.s. ) ( moan ) ohhh . ohhh . Ben look curiously at vitti . vitti I tell she if I be not back in two minute to start without I . I gotta go . vitti head back upstairs . BEN this be not a good start , Paul . CUT to : int . dine area - next morning Laura and Ben be host a brunch for the out -of-town relative . Laura offer a basket of bagel to a seat , older woman . 32 . LAURA aunt ester , I be so sorry we have to put you up at the hotel . we want you here with we , but we have a unexpected house guest . she glare at ben. aunt esther ( sigh ) you father always have room for we . BEN I be sorry . ( mutter to Laura ) next time I lose a parent , I will be sure to reserve the guest room . a door slam somewhere , then Sheila storm into the room sobbing , she hair askew , tucking she blouse into she skirt . sheila ( scream ) go to hell , Paul ! you just go to hell ! vitti ( o.s. ) go ahead ! get out of here , you crazy fuckin ' whore . vitti charge into the room , he robe open . from the reaction of everyone in the room , it 's clear he 's not wear anything under it . vitti go back to turn trick in Jersey for all I fuckin ' care . Sheila exit and slam the front door . vitti see everyone stare at he . he close he robe . vitti how 's it goin ' ? ( see buffet ) oh , we get food . good. vitti head for the buffet . LAURA ( smile ) ben? BEN ( quickly ) Paul ? 33 . vitti belly up to the buffet , step between a older couple . he eye the food disdainfully . vitti oh , great . Jew food . who do you have to fuck to get some bacon around here ? the woman react in horror . vitti not you , I be guess . BEN ( snag vitti 's arm ) why do not we go to my office ? I will make you a plate . CUT to : int . ben' office - moment later Ben and vitti enter . vitti still in he robe . vitti what be it with you relative ? they tend to overreact quite a bit . BEN I know . all you do be flash everybody in the dining room . vitti so ? from the look of them , some of that broad have not see the old salcicc ' in a long time . it 's good for they . BEN well , when the paramedics revive my aunt goldie , I will be sure to ask she . sit. vitti start for Ben 's chair . BEN ah ah ah ! he point vitti to the sofa and take he own chair . BEN so what be you go to do , Paul ? vitti what do you mean ? BEN with you life . 34 . vitti first I be gonna find out who 's tryin ' to kill I . I be a target . somebody could shoot right through that window -- blow my fuckin ' head off . Ben see that he 's in the line of fire , get up and move out of the way . BEN okay , that 's a priority . have you think about what you be go to do for work ? vitti yeah . I be too big for a jockey so I be thinkin ' maybe a hairdresser . they will call I Mr. Paul . BEN come on . there must be something you like to do . vitti I like hit a guy on the head with a baseball bat . BEN oh , sport goods . we will check the want ad tomorrow but do not get you hope up . anything else ? vitti shylock , bookmake , union , the usual -- BEN who be you ? vitti who be I ? I be the guy who 's pay you $ 150 a hour to play this stupid fuckin ' game . you know who I be . BEN I know that . I mean what be you ? vitti what do you mean , ' what be I ? ' BEN I just want to know how you see yourself . 35 . vitti you be make I very fuckin ' nervous . BEN just answer the question . what be you ? vitti ( shrug ) I be the boss . BEN really ? the boss of what -- jelly ? you be not the boss of I . so what be you the boss of ? vitti you , you be good . I see what you be do here . BEN what be I do , Paul ? vitti you be pissing I off be what you be do . look at I . it 's start again , the anxiety . BEN I understand . BEN ( cont 'd ) you have spend you whole life become who you be and now you can not be that anymore -- that 's gotta be scary . if you be not Paul vitti the mob boss , who be you ? vitti be at a loss . BEN well , let 's think . when you be a kid , what do you want to be ? vitti I do not know . who remember that stuff ? BEN you must have want to be something when you be little -- fireman ? vitti no. BEN Baseball player ? 36 . vitti no . BEN astronaut ? vitti no. BEN Al capone ? vitti yeah , maybe . what do you want to be ? BEN we be not talk about I . vitti I be . BEN Fine . I want to be a philatelist . vitti you want to look up people 's asshole all day ? BEN no , Paul , I believe you be think of a proctologist . I want to collect rare and unusual stamp . vitti you must have be a lot of laugh when you be a kid . Lonely , huh ? BEN oh yeah . Big time . so what do you want to be ? vitti it 's stupid . BEN you afraid to tell I ? vitti yeah , I be afraid . BEN then tell I . I be not here to judge you . 37 . vitti ( a beat ) okay . when I be really little -- like seven or eight -- maybe I want to be a cowboy . BEN a cowboy . really ? vitti yeah . my father give I a cowboy suit -- you know , the vest , the chap , the cap gun -- the whole thing . and he use to take I up to my uncle 's farm in New Jersey and lead I around on this pony . yippee - i-o . you happy now ? BEN so you watch cowboy movie and tv show with you father . vitti everybody . the whole family . my father love ' gunsmoke . ' BEN sheriff dillon . vitti ( correct he ) marshal dillon . BEN marshal . so who be you favorite cowboy ? vitti this be so fuckin ' retarded . BEN Paul ! vitti all right . gene autry , Roy Rogers , the Lone Ranger -- BEN interesting . they be all good guy . vitti yeah , I guess . BEN no , that 's important . you do not want to be the bad guy . you want to be the hero . 38 . vitti yeah , so ? BEN so what happen ? vitti I do not know . nothing happen . BEN so why do not you become a cowboy ? vitti I live in East harlem ! I join a street gang when I be 12 and that be it . BEN something else happen when you be twelve . vitti what ? BEN ( prompt ) something that make you very sad ? vitti the dodger move from Brooklyn to l.a . everybody take it pretty hard . BEN something else . vitti we playin ' a guess game here ? BEN Paul ! you father be murder ! right in front of you . remember ? vitti do I remember ? I think about it every fuckin ' day of my life . what 's that get to do with it ? BEN it 's get everything to do with it . he give you the cowboy suit . with a white hat . he be in the mob , but he want you to be a good guy , do not he ? vitti start think about he father and start to weep . 39 . vitti yeah . he do . BEN he do not want you in the gang life . he only do it himself so you would not have to . he be try to buy you a better life than he . vitti ( cry harder ) he always say he want I to go to college . I do not even finish high school . he really start sobbing now . BEN well , Paul , this could be a great opportunity for you . you be right back where you be when you be twelve . you have get some big choice to make . vitti fight to regain control . vitti okay . okay . that 's enough of that shit . BEN it 's not shit , Paul . my point be , when you be a child , you think anything be possible . would not it be great to think like that now ? vitti ( retreate back into he cynicism ) yeah , just sprinkle some fuckin ' fairy dust on I . BEN I be just say you have get to keep a open mind and explore some new possibility . try some different thing -- maybe you will connect with one of they . there 's a career counselor I work with . I can call he for you . he may be able to help you find a job . vitti you mean work for somebody ? I be suppose to take order from some guy who use to get I coffee ? ( start sweat and 40. breathe hard ) I can not do that . it 's not right . it 's not I . BEN how do you know unless you try ? suddenly one of the window behind vitti shatter . Ben dive for cover . silence -- then another rap on the window . Ben look out and see jelly in the back yard , toss stone at the window . jelly ( call out ) hiya , doc. sorry about the window . Ben wave he around to the side door . CUT to : int . dine area - moment later jelly be load up a plate of food from the buffet , talk to the elderly relative . Laura stare at he . jelly I love lox and bagel . I date a jewish woman once . actually , she might have be the love of my life , but my mother break it up . jelly ( cont 'd ) she be always hockin ' I a chinick about the madel . a wonderful woman , my mother , but she fuckin ' hate the hebe . LAURA really . ( note mountain of food on he plate ) more smoke salmon ? do not be shy . Ben enter . BEN jelly -- what be you do here ? jelly makin ' new friend . how 's it go , Doc ? I bring some clothes for Mr. vitti . LAURA ( indicate the door ) Ben ? 41 . BEN that 's great , jelly . I would love to catch up with you -- outside . jelly ( rise ) you get it . ( to Laura ) thanks , Mrs. S. ( to other ) so long , everybody . ess gesunterhait . jelly and Ben exit . CUT to : ext . sobel house - moment later Ben and jelly walk out to the driveway where jelly 's buick be park . jelly so. Long time no see . you look good , doc. BEN ( try to be pleasant ) and you , jelly -- you look -- ( can not find word for how he look ) do you get a haircut ? I think you be in prison . jelly it would appear not . BEN how would you get out ? jelly New trial . the evidence in my first trail be , you know , taint . turn out two of the witness against I change they mind -- and the third one , he die after a short illness . BEN what do he have ? jelly gunshot wound to the head . BEN that 's not a illness . 42 . jelly yeah , but it be short . vitti , now dress , come out of the house and cross to the car . BEN ( to vitti ) where be you go ? vitti I get stuff to do . BEN what kind of stuff ? vitti ( as he get into the car ) calm down . I will be back . BEN you can not leave without my permission . vitti oh , yeah ? watch I . drive , jelly . jelly start the car and slowly back out of the driveway . Ben run after the car , talk to vitti through the open window . BEN that 's it , Paul . I forbid you to go . vitti stop sweat , doc. I will be back . vitti put the window up . BEN ( shout anxiously ) if you screw this up , Paul -- Paul ! the car pull away . BEN ( angrily ) shit ! shit , shit , shit ! Ben turn and see he aunt goldie on the porch . aunt goldie so , the fat one -- he 's single ? CUT to : 43 . int . knight of palermo social club - day Soldiers lounge at the bar , keep a respectful distance from the capo seat at a table in the rear . all eye turn as the door open and vitti enter . sal masiello , vitti 's old consigliere rise and warmly but warily welcome vitti back into the fold . masiello paulie , great to see you ! you be lookin ' good , kid . lookin ' very good . jelly , how be ya ? vitti embrace he and they sit down with the other . masiello so , Paul , we hear you have some trouble while you be away . some ' mental ' problem . vitti no , I be okay . it be a act . I have to pretend I be nut . there be people watch I all the time . masiello Little people ? vitti doctor . they never woulda let I out if they think I be normal . masiello so you be not crazy ? vitti you want to see crazy ? just tell I who 's try to kill I . I will show you crazy . masiello we be in a war , Paul -- nobody 's safe right now . the rigazzis be walkin ' all over we . we get next to nothing come in , and I do not have to tell you , you do not buy a lot of muscle without money this day . we need you , Paul . the family need you . vitti I can not do it , sal . I be out of it . masiello come on , paulie . nobody use to do the big job like you . Air France -- they be still talkin ' about it . 44 . vitti sal , even if I want to -- the fed masiello after you father die , I always treat you like my own son . you know that . vitti I know . masiello he be a good man . I still miss he . vitti yeah , I do too . masiello so you will think about it . for I , paulie ? vitti yeah , okay , I will think about it . masiello ( brighten ) hey , what be this -- a fuckin ' funeral here ? you just get back from college for chrissake . we should be havin ' a party for you . ( to bartender ) hey , nino , give everybody a round here . we gotta drink to Paul . vitti I can not , sal . I gotta go talk to the boss . masiello I understand . no problem . it 's good to have you back , paul. ( embrace he ) do not forget what I say . we be countin ' on you . vitti give he old friend a pat on the back and exit . CUT to : ext . lopresti house - same morning jelly pull up , vitti get out and stride up to the front door of a nice home on staten Island and ring the bell . CUT to : 45 . int . entry hall - continuous action the door be open by eddie devol , early thirty , dark and sullen . eddie yeah , what ? vitti ' yeah , what ? ' that 's how you answer the door ? eddie you get a problem with that ? vitti yeah . vitti punch Eddie in the mouth , send he sprawling back into the live room . several other bodyguard be watch television , catch off guard by vitti 's sudden entrance . vitti where be she ? patty ( o.s. ) ( call out ) in the kitchen , Paul . CUT to : int . patty' kitchen - continuous action vitti enter . patty lopresti , mid-forty , still sexy even in a apron , be mixing cake batter in a bowl with a electric mixer . patty Paul -- what a nice surprise . vitti how 's it goin ' , Patty ? patty good . it 's good . give I a kiss , you . Patty hug and kiss he , take the opportunity to pat he down for a weapon or a hide wire . vitti sorry to hear about carmine . he be a good man . patty yeah . you live with a person twenty - one year , then one day they be 46 . pull he torso out of the river . it 's hard . vitti I will bet -- especially with all the talk about you be the one who put he there . patty that 's why I try not to gossip , Paul . it 's ugly . just a sec. ( scream to ceiling ) Michelle ! Teresa ! it 's ten-thirty ! stop fuck around and get ready for ballet ! ( to vitti ) it 's hard be a single parent and a career woman . vitti yeah , I be sure you be very busy . patty the pressure -- it 's awful . for instance , a lot of people think , now that you be out , you be go to try and take the family back from I . but I say , no , Paul would never do that . ( smile ) by the way , how be Marie and the kid ? still in Ohio ? in shaker Heights ? at 1356 Locust ? vitti explode , reach across the counter and grab she by the shoulder . vitti ( enraged ) you even go near they , you crazy bitch -- patty ( quietly ) do not make I call my guy in . you may need the shit kick out of you , but not in here . I just mop . vitti let she go . patty ( smoothing clothes , flushed and a little excited ) wow . have you be work out ? vitti yeah , I be workin ' out who 's try 47 . to kill I . I would love to hear you thought on that . patty it 's a dog-eat - dog world out there . nobody 's gonna be safe unless we can end this thing with the rigazzis . vitti so then you do not have nothin ' to do with it . patty ( hurt ) oh , Paul . you actually think I would kill you ? all the year we have know each other -- the Christmas party , the fun time at the beach . it would not be right . I want we to be friend . ( smile demurely ) who know ? maybe we will be more than friend . want to lick my beater ? she hold the beater out to he . vitti ( decline ) thanks . I gotta see a guy about a business thing . patty what kind of business ? you know , if you get something go , we would expect some kind of consideration -- a little taste . vitti no , this be a legitimate business . patty ( shudder ) oh , Paul . I just get a chill . vitti I just want to be leave alone . put my life back together -- straight up this time . put the word out , will ya ? nobody 's get nothin ' to worry about from I . patty sure , Paul . I understand . he head for the door . 48 . patty ( call after he ) do not be a stranger ! after vitti leave , Eddie enter from the other door . patty ( turn to Eddie ) watch he like a hawk . if he step out of line , it would break my heart , but shoot he in the fuckin ' head . CUT to : ext . park avenue audi dealership - later vitti be try to sell a $ 80,000 audi to the macinerny , a upscale middle - age couple . vitti open the trunk . vitti look at the size of that trunk . you could fit three people in there . ( off they shocked look ) not people -- suitcase . it 's a joke . the macinerny laugh uncertainly . vitti so what be you drive now ? mr. macinerny we have a Lexus . vitti ( nod ) it 's a fancy Toyota , right ? the jap make good car , but I be not that quick to forget Pearl Harbor . the macinerny look doubtful . CUT to : int . moretti's steak house - night a crowd of well - heele New yorker surround vitti at the captain 's station . vitti , the new host , greet a prominent sport figure who embrace he like a old friend . vitti ( signal the maitre D ' ) mario , put Mr. torre at table five . joey boot , a old acquaintance of vitti 's , enter with a couple of he croney . 49 . joey boot Paul , I hear you be out . vitti hey , joey . joey boot all dress up for dinner , huh ? vitti yeah . the maitre D ' cross away and wave at vitti . maitre d' Paul , that table for six be ready . you can send they back . joey boot you be work here ? vitti ( die ) Nah -- not really . it 's like -- I be on parole , so I just -- I come in , I greet people . joey and he friend nod condescendingly . joey boot okay . I get it . Nice seein ' you , Paul . do not want to hold you up . you get people to seat . joey and he guy walk away , they turn back and glance at vitti , then whisper something in audible to each other and laugh . vitti burn , humiliate . CUT to : flash photo vitti pose for a picture with some notables . CUT to : another photo vitti with some Broadway actor . CUT to : another ph0 to 50 . vitti pose grimly with a businessman and he friend . businessman thanks , Paul . appreciate it . vitti move to leave . businessman hey , could you get we a big bottle of pellegrino and another round of drink ? he slip vitti a couple of bill . vitti stare at the money in he hand . businessman and more bread when you get a chance . vitti you want more bread ? he take a small loaf from the breadbasket on the next table , stuff it into the businessman 's mouth and walk off . vitti I will get you drink now . CUT to : int . imperial diamond - day two hassidim be in the back of a 47th Street jewelry store , sorting through a huge pile of diamond . behind the display counter , vitti stare at the diamond , breathe hard , start to perspire . his customer , a thirty - ish young man and he fiancee , study the diamond engagement ring on she finger . young man this stone be suppose to be a ' G ' color , but it look kind of yellow , do not it ? vitti ( distract ) fluorescent light . make everything look yellow . he start instinctively case the store . quick CUT to : armed security guard back to fiancee 51 . fiancee I think fluorescent light make everything look blue ? CUT to : fantasy - security guard bound and gag . end fantasy . back to vitti vitti ( sweat ) what be I -- Edison ? I be tell you , it 's a ' G . ' he glance at the surveillance camera . young man can I look at it with a lens ? CUT to : fantasy - spray - painting the camera lens and clipping the alarm wire . end fantasy . back to vitti vitti ( completely distract ) what ? fiancee a lens . do you have a lens ? CUT to : fantasy - safe in the back as it blows up . end fantasy . owner Ben 's cousin , approach vitti who be now hyperventilate . 52 . owner be you all right ? vitti I be gonna do we both a big favor . I quit . CUT back to : int . car dealership - day the macinerny be tremble . vitti you want to see the manager ? ( grab he crotch ) here 's the manager . now take a hike , you fuckin ' deadbeat . the macinerny rush out of the showroom . vitti ( call after they ) get a Hyundai ! CUT to : dream sequence - int . ben' office - night vitti be on the sofa . he 's wear a shiny , silk , short - sleeve shirt with the sleeve turn up , tight , black chino pants and short , black , pointy - to boot . his hair be oile and coif like early frankie avalon . vitti ( distraught ) I can not deal with this shit . my grade suck , I be gettin ' in fight every day , and if I get suspend again my mother 's gonna fuckin ' kill I -- if the nun do not kill I first . BEN be listen to vitti , but dress as sigmund Freud . BEN ( nodd ) ein , zwei , drei ! vitti what ? vitti' mother be sit next to he . 53 . vitti' mother ( elbow he ) sit up straight ! pay attention when the doctor talk to you . this be cost money . Ben ( Freud ) have a large taxi meter ticking away beside he . vitti ma ? what be you doin ' here ? BEN ( freud ) ( snort some cocaine ) acht gemacht gehunde nicht . vitti' mother I tell he the same thing . suddenly , the window be shatter by gunfire . door blast open , fly off the hinge . jelly enter , push into the room by a gang of thug , lead by Patty lopresti , Eddie devol and he guy , all at least ten-feet - tall and all hold huge gun . vitti leap to he foot and reach for he gun , but instead pull out a long sword . confused but desperate , he hold up the sword to menace the intruder , but the sword suddenly go limp . he try to make the blade stand up , but it just keep drop like a piece of soft rope . Patty , Eddie , and the thug laugh contemptuously at vitti , while jelly look on with a incredible stream of tear pour from he eye . end dream sequence . CUT to : int . guest room - next day vitti be back in bed in he robe , still asleep . the door open and Laura enter with a interior decorator who have fabric sample over she arm . LAURA now in here , I think we would get rid of the wallpaper and maybe put in some wainscote -- she see vitti and quickly steer the decorator back outside . 54 . LAURA ( to decorator ) do not look , do not look . she come back in , close the bedroom door and confront vitti who be still groggy from he troubling dream . LAURA do you realize it 's almost noon ? vitti really ? do I a favor , honey -- make I a sandwich . LAURA you want a sandwich ? make it yourself . I be not afraid of you , Mr. oh - I be - a- great -big-mobster man . I want you out of my house . LAURA ( cont 'd ) I have have it with the bathrobe and the skulking around and the girlfriend who , I be sorry , be so obviously fake it 's not even funny . enough ! vitti coulda have that sandwich make by now . LAURA ( try new tack ) okay . you do not like I and I do not like you . we can at least agree on that , right ? vitti okay . LAURA I be go to be honest with you -- I be a very anxious person -- vitti hey ! I , too . LAURA we have so much in common . anyway , this be not help I , it 's not help my marriage , and I know Ben really need some alone time . so I be ask you -- as a human be -- could you please leave ? ( off vitti 's look ) yes , I will make you a sandwich . 55 . vitti Ham , cheese , lettuce , tomato , mayonnaise , no onion . CUT to : ext . sobel front porch - later jelly come out the front door with vitti 's suitcase as Ben pull into the driveway . he get out of the car hold a small bag from the drugstore and see vitti come out the front door . Ben stop he on the porch . BEN ( concerned ) where be you go ? vitti where be I go ? the orphanage find my real parent . they want I back . ( to jelly ) put that in the car . ( to Ben ) I be goin ' to jelly 's . jelly carry the luggage to he car park in the driveway . BEN ( to vitti ) the hell you be . you be suppose to be in my custody . we have therapy today . vitti for what ? the more we talk the worse I get . I have that dream again . BEN the one where you be mussolini ? vitti no , the other one . BEN the limp sword dream ? jelly ( at car ) I probably should not be listen to this . vitti so do not ! jelly sorry . 56 . BEN ( to vitti ) do you think this dream might be sexual ? vitti I know what you be thinkin' . the sword be my cock and I can not get it up , but that be not it . I see Sheila last night and I have a hard - on you could swing from . BEN ( wince ) I do not want to know that . vitti you coulda hang wet towel on it . jelly ( call out ) he 's like a racehorse in that area . BEN okay ! I get it . vitti ( to jelly ) wait in the car ! ( to Ben ) so what do it mean ? Ben sit on the wicker divan . BEN sex can represent a lot of thing . in you case I think it 's about performance anxiety . try to find a job that fit . vitti Doc -- nothing 's gonna fit . that nine - to- five bullshit -- I will fuckin ' kill myself if I have to do that for the rest of my life . you know they take tax out of you check ? what the fuck be that ? I be doom . I be gonna end up sell hot dog on the street . ( start breathe hard and sweat ) look at I . I be havin ' a fuckin ' panic attack here . my heart 's beatin ' like a rabbit . BEN you be hyperventilate . 57 . he empty the drugstore bag and hand it to vitti . BEN breathe into this . vitti sit on a wicker chair . vitti ( speak through bag ) this be you fault . BEN Excuse I ? vitti tellin ' I I have to get a job like I be some fuckin ' nobody . it be humiliate ! thanks a lot . BEN ( jump up , in a total rage ) hey , I be do the best I can ! if you can not appreciate that , or if my best be not good enough for you , then maybe you should find somebody else to talk to , you selfish prick ! Ben break down and cry what amount to one rack sob , then quickly pull himself together . BEN sorry . vitti what the hell be that ? BEN I be fine . I be grieve . it 's a process . Ben take a pill bottle out of he pocket and pop a couple of pill . vitti now what be you takin ' ? BEN echinacea and goldenseal . do you know the tv show ' Little caesar ' ? vitti yeah , I know it . BEN the producer of that show be a man 58 . name raoul berman . a mutual friend tell he I know you and Mr. berman call I this morning . he want to meet you . vitti for what ? BEN meet he and find out . CUT to : ext . nogo restaurant - night Ben and Laura walk up to a trendy japanese restaurant in chelsea . Ben be really key up . LAURA we finally get he out of the house -- why be we have dinner with he ? I mean , how professional be that ? BEN this be not social . Paul 's meeting a television producer who might have a job for he . he 's nervous and want I here as a buffer . I be a buffer , that 's all . LAURA he 's a grow man . I do not see why he need a chaperone . BEN he do not . he need a buffer . I be here in buffer capacity only . LAURA Ben , if you say ' buffer ' one more time -- Ben pop a couple of pill . LAURA do not you just take two of that ? BEN no , that be something else . LAURA well , you better not drink anything . you know what happen . BEN Laura ? I be a doctor ? I think I know what I be do . 59 . Ben open the door and motion for Laura to enter . BEN ( quietly , behind she back ) buffer . CUT to : int . FBI car - same time cerrone and Miller watch the front of the restaurant . miller ( into radio ) they be all inside . we be go to get something to eat . we will be back before they finish dinner . they drive off . CUT to : int . nogo restaurant - later seat at a table be Ben and Laura , vitti and Sheila , jelly , and the producer raoul berman and he uptight , downtown girlfriend . jelly inspect a piece of raw octopus , while raoul gush over a platter of sushi and sashimi . raoul I adore this place . best sushi in town . have you try the yellowtail , Paul ? raoul pick up a floppy piece of raw fish with he chopstick . vitti ( make a face ) no . we gettin ' any real food ? this be like eatin ' fuckin ' bait . raoul chuckle and glance uncomfortably at he girlfriend . Ben laugh loudly to cover the awkward moment . he 's suffer from some reaction between the pill and the booze and he 's oddly thick - lipped . BEN bait ! that 's funny . honey , do you hear what Paul just say ? he say this be like eat bait . LAURA ( not amused ) I hear he . and I think it be 'effing bait . ' 60 . vitti why you talkin ' like that ? BEN like what ? vitti like a fuckin ' retard . BEN ( point to he lower lip ) oh -- this ? I take a couple ibuprofen before we get here -- I should not have have the saki . I will be fine . it only last a couple hour . ( to raoul ) rah -oo. row . rowl . I guess you need both lip for that name . you know what I love about Paul ? he be bear without a filter . he say exactly what he 's think -- just lay it right out there . he do not edit himself . vitti ( quietly ) you wanna shut the fuck up ? BEN see ? he just tell I to shut the fuck up . no filter . I love that . ( to raoul ) be not he great ? LAURA ( aside to Ben ) too much buffer . Way too much . raoul ( eyeing Ben oddly ) yes . Paul , I be such a huge fan of yours -- not a fan , but you know , a admirer . vitti do not admire I too much . raoul be there any chance you might be interested in work on ' Little caesar ' as a consultant ? give we technical advice , coach the actor , make sure the dialogue ring true -- 61 . BEN wow . that would be incredible . do you hear that , Paul ? raoul want to know if you would be interested in work on he show as a consultant . you know , give technical advice , coach the actor -- vitti ( quietly to Ben ) in two second I be gonna put a fork in you eye . BEN ( suddenly cow ) get it . raoul so what do you think , Paul ? vitti yeah , sure , whatever . raoul fantastic ! sheila this be so exciting . Mr. berman , I love you show . Anthony Bella , the guy who play nicky caesar -- I think he grow up in bensonhurst next door to my cousin 's friend 's husband . vitti that 's she claim to fame . ( to Sheila ) I hate to bust you bubble , but he 's not from bensonhurst . he 's a professional italian . he grow up in Connecticut or something like that . sheila well , wherever he 's from , I think he 's a wonderful actor . jelly yeah , I bet he get a lot of pussy . Laura choke on she drink . vitti what 's the matter with you ? we get woman at the table . jelly you say ' fuckin ' . ' 62 . vitti that 's different . it 's colorful . BEN hey , speak of colorful -- this peacock walk into a bar -- LAURA oh , my god . ( to a pass waiter , rise she half - empty drink ) could I get another one , please ? BEN and one for I . LAURA no . no more for the buffer . she glare at Ben as the table descend into silence . vitti ( try a desperate save ) so . I see in the paper where Oklahoma ! might win the tony award . vitti 's eye suddenly go wide . vitti ( shout ) down !!! he grab Sheila and pull she down as gunfire rake the wall behind they . everybody else at the table hit the floor . other diner scream in terror . jelly pull a gun and shoot back . a lone gunman run from the restaurant . after a long beat , the frighten patron start to get up and chatter nervously . ben' table nobody 's hurt . vitti help Sheila to she foot . BEN ( to vitti ) what the hell be that ? vitti I think somebody 's get it in for raoul . 63. raoul crawl up from behind the table . raoul ( wide - eye ) Holy fuck shit. ( grin ) that be phenomenal ! CUT to : ext . midtown STREET - later that night jelly stand in front of a apartment building parking garage . a guy come walk up the ramp toward he . as he come nearer , we see that the guy be the gunman from the restaurant . jelly hey , pal -- get a light ? the guy stop , pull out a Zippo and light it for jelly . gunman where 's you cigarette ? jelly I be try to cut down . the gunman recognize jelly and desperately reach for the gun in he pocket , but jelly haul off and whacks the guy across the back of the head with a sap . as he slump into jelly 's arm , vitti step out of a doorway and jelly drag the gunman into the garage . CUT to : int . sobel house - same time Ben and Laura be get ready for bed . LAURA I do not know why you feel you have to save this man . BEN it 's my job . he need I . LAURA so that automatically mean you have to help he ? you be always do this -- put other people 's need ahead of you own , like you be this martyr or saint or something . it 's like live with mother Teresa . 64 . BEN actually , I hear she be tough to live with . lot of party , loud music -- leper . LAURA you do not need this in you life -- especially not now . you really need to be grieve for you father . BEN I be . LAURA really ? I have not see it . BEN well , you know , it 's a process . I mean , we have issue -- there 's some anger -- but I will work it out . Laura go to Ben and embrace he . LAURA it 's okay , honey . you can let it go . Ben almost start to break , but he hold it back . BEN no , I be -- it 's okay . Ben sit heavily on the bed . BEN it 's just a confusing time . I become a therapist because he be a therapist , so obviously he approval be very important to I . but be that the only reason I do it ? I do not know . and now that he 's go , why do I keep do it ? be this what I really want ? she sit next to he and take he hand . LAURA I just want you to be happy . she kiss he . BEN maybe you be right . ( kiss she ) maybe it 's time I start focus on I , and , you know , satisfy some of 65 . my desire . he look at she expectantly . LAURA ( apologetic ) oh , honey , I just brush my tooth . BEN no , that 's not what I mean . I just need -- ( at a loss ) I do not know what . she put she arm around he and hold he . CUT to : ext . rooftop - later that night vitti and jelly stand with the gunman on the roof of the parking garage , four storey above the ground . the guy 's arm be bound . jelly tie a rope around he ankle . vitti I be gonna ask you once nicely . who you work for ? gunman fuck you . vitti fuck I ? fine. jelly ? jelly shove the guy to the parapet at the edge of the roof , grab he by the leg and hang he over the side of the building . the guy scream . vitti I will ask you again . who you work for ? the guy keep scream . jelly he 's screamin ' too loud . hold on a second . jelly swing the guy against the building , hit he head and dazing he momentarily . jelly go ahead . vitti who be you work for ? 66 . gunman nobody ! vitti Drop he , jelly . gunman okay ! okay ! rigazzi ! I be work for rigazzi ! vitti pull he back up . jelly drop the guy . the gunman plunge three storey and land heavily in a dumpster full of garbage . vitti what 's the matter with you ? jelly you say drop he . vitti I say pull he back up . jelly that 's not what I hear . vitti you hear what you want to hear . jelly okay , you get I there . CUT to : ext . rigazzi plumbing and HEATING - next morning a " family " business in Jersey . CUT to : int . back room - next morning the light from outside barely penetrate the paint window of the shabby office . lou rigazzi , aka " Lou the wrench , " the aging boss of the rigazzi family , sit in the half - light as a couple of he soldier enter with the batter and hobbling gunman between they . rigazzi what the hell happen to you ? 67 . gunman vitti throw I off a roof . rigazzi vitti ? you talk to vitti ? what do you say to he ? gunman nothing . I do not tell he anything . Mr. rigazzi , can I go -- I think my leg 's break . rigazzi that must hurt . rigazzi pull out a gun with a silencer and shoot the gunman . rigazzi I hate to see people in pain . ( to soldier ) get he out of here . soldier what about vitti ? rigazzi ( muse ) he 's a hard man to kill . but he 's not immortal . we time will come . CUT to : ext . back - yard swimming pool - day a big , family barbecue be go on in a back yard in queen . several child be splash in a over-size , above - ground swim pool . oddly , the child appear to be shouting and laugh but make no sound . at the barbecue , nicky caesar be watch he friend mello turn italian sausage on the grill . caesar I like mine burnt . mello I do not know how you like you sausage ? twenty fuckin ' year we be doin ' this . so you get the money ? the wind shift and blow the smoke from the barbecue in they face . 68 . caesar ( cough , eye water ) not all of it . I be still light about fifteen large . ( blind by smoke ) can we cut ? this be ridiculous . raoul ( o.s. ) ( shout ) cut ! can you do something about the fuck smoke ? we pull back to reveal the set of " Little caesar . " Assistant director and production assistant echo the director : " we be cut ! " " reset ! " " Effects ! " vitti observe the action sit in a director 's chair , still brood over the previous night 's event . raoul sit next to he . raoul ( to vitti ) this be the problem with shoot on location . but it 's worth it for the authenticity . vitti yeah , this be real authentic . raoul ( call out ) tony ! come here a second . ( to vitti ) Anthony Bella . he play nicky caesar . vitti I know who he be . they use to watch the show up at sing sing . raoul ( delighted ) be you shitting I ? ANTHONY bella join they . raoul tony , this be Paul vitti . tony bella ( Australian accent ) you do not have to tell I who he be . ( shake Paul 's hand ) it 's a pleasure , mate . 69 . vitti ( reacting to accent ) mate ? I do not believe this ! you be a English guy ? you be not even italian . tony bella Australian - italian . we get some paisan down under . vitti down under what ? raoul ( to tony Bella ) how incredible be this ? Paul tell I they watch the show in sing sing ! tony bella fantastic ! that 's so fuckin ' great . vitti I would not wet my pants over it . they watch ' supermarket sweep , ' too . raoul laugh hard . vitti you laugh too much . tony bella so , Paul , you go to join we ? vitti look around , he future plan now beginning to form . vitti yeah . you get a good setup here . tony bella great . see you later then . he exit . vitti turn to raoul . vitti coupla thing , though . I do not know who make this decision , but some of this , it do not look right . raoul ( concerned ) I sense it myself . which element strike you as wrong ? vitti the people mainly . I mean , you get a boss who speak Australian . what the fuck be that ? and I be guess you 70 . background be -- what ? raoul the theater , mostly . vitti yeah , the theater . so how about if I bring in some guy that I know -- you know , more ' authentic . ' raoul I would be eternally grateful . anything else ? vitti ( think ) yeah . one of that trailer like the star have . raoul ( slight hesitation ) done. ( shake he hand ) I will put that in the work right now . he hurry off to talk to he assistant . jelly come up to vitti . jelly you really gonna do this ? vitti no fuckin ' way . I have have it with this job bullshit . a week of this and I would either shoot myself or shoot raoul . but it 's good cover while I figure out my next move . call the guy . jelly you get it . CUT to : montage jelly and vitti 's old crew , mo-mo , big , tuna , eddie coke , and eight or nine other wiseguy walk en masse into base camp . vitti 's guy go to the front of the lunch line , force the crew aside . a big , pop - out trailer label " Mr. vitti , " guard by three of he guy . tuna bring a lunch tray and knock on the door . jelly open the door and take the tray . vitti confer with raoul and tony Bella on the script , 71 . rip out whole section . vitti in the makeup trailer get a haircut and manicure while he smoke a cigar and talk on he cell phone . vitti with the customer , approve and nix various wardrobe choice , while jelly steal a expensive watch in the b.g. vitti in a massage chair get a backrub from a masseuse . a production assistant approach he . p.a. ( production assistant ) they be ready to start shoot , Mr. vitti . vitti yeah , ten minute , tell them . Eddie devol , Patty lopresti 's guy , watch vitti from a safe distance . CUT to : ext . shopping mall - day Ben come out of the market carry several grocery bag and a small prescription bag . two mafia soldier step up beside he and urge he toward a big stretch limo idling at the curb . soldier walk this way . BEN there must be some mistake . I do not order a limo . soldier get in the car . CUT to : int . knight of palermo - later Ben enter timorously , still carry he grocery . Patty lopresti , masiello and a couple of other heavyweight be sit at the table , all except patti smoking cigar . Ben immediately recognize they status and grasp the gravity of they mood . BEN ( nervous , but try to keep it light ) hello . I be Ben sobel . and you be -- ? 72 . the soldier sit Ben down . the other soldier take he grocery . Ben look at Patty , try to gauge she role . masiello you be the shrink who 's take care of Paul vitti ? BEN yes , sir . that 's right . ( to guy with grocery ) could you be careful , because I think they put the egg on the bottom . he drop the bag heavily onto the bar . masiello so ? be he nut or what ? BEN who ? masiello paulie . be he nut ? BEN I can not discuss a patient 's case with anyone -- masiello discuss it . BEN I would say he 's still suffer from chronic anxiety and -- he hesitates . masiello and what . BEN we call it antisocial personality disorder . sociopathy . masiello meaning what ? BEN ( very carefully ) meaning -- he -- fail to conform to societal norm with respect to -- lawful behavior . masiello I be get a fuckin ' headache here . 73 . what be you say ? BEN he 's get a -- criminal temperament . masiello ( stare at he ) he 's a criminal ? this be news ? and for that you need a doctor degree ? so what be you doin ' with he ? BEN well , I be try to at least show he the possibility of change -- patty wrong . you do not want he to change . Ben look at she , sense she command of the group . BEN we have not really be introduce -- masiello this be Mrs. lopresti . patty Patty . BEN Ben sobel . Ben offer he hand but she ignore it . patty Ben , Paul vitti be important to this family . we do not want to see you turn he into a stromboni . BEN a stromboni ? that thing they clean the ice with at hockey game ? masiello that 's a Zamboni , asshole . stromboni . patty it 's a bull with he ball cut off . she reach under the table and grab Ben 's ball . he wince in pain . BEN ( squeeze ) no , we do not want to do that . 74 . patty not unless you want to be one , too . BEN ( in pain ) me? no. I be very attach to my ball . as you can probably tell . patty ( let go ) then do the right thing , understand ? BEN ( greatly relieved ) yes , I understand completely . May I go now ? I have perishable -- he take he grocery and edge away . CUT to : int . " little caesar " set - day vitti be sit at a table with jelly and some of he main guy . from a distance it look like they be play card . up close it 's a different story . vitti we be gonna need a grapple or a crane with maybe a fifty - foot boom . mo - mo I see one -- in bayonne -- but I will call around . vitti see what you can come up with . and we be gonna need a city bus . jelly I get a guy in the Transit Authority . he owe I . just let I know when . patty ( o.s. ) Paul ! hello ! vitti turn to see Patty , Eddie devol and he man head across the set . patty I guess everybody 's go Hollywood , huh ? vitti how you doin ' , Patty . 75 . patty jelly -- you be work here , too ? jelly I be a extra . patty a extra what ? jelly a supernumerary . a 'atmosphere . ' it be not bad . you just stand around all day waitin ' for they to shoot and they pay you eighty buck . patty eighty buck ? for standin ' around all day ? you use to sneeze eighty buck . how much you make shootin ' crap ? jelly today ? about eight hundred maybe . patty and how about bookin ' bet for the teamster and the crew ? jelly another grand . one of the producer really like the pony . patty so eighteen hundred buck . jelly plus eighty -- patty I know -- extra . they all laugh . a assistant director approach the group . assistant director this be a close set . we be about to start shoot . eddie yeah ? so be i. Eddie grab the Assistant director and walk he away . CUT to : ext . " little caesar " base camp - same time 76 . the truck and trailer be arrange on a parking lot . a car pull up and Lou rigazzi get out with he bodyguard . driver should I wait here , Mr. rigazzi ? rigazzi no , pull the car up you ass and wait there . CUT to : ext . set - same time Patty take vitti 's arm and walk with he . patty I hear you have some more trouble . vitti one of rigazzi 's guy take a shot at I . she stop at the extras ' makeup table and start primp in the mirror . patty I do not have to tell you , Paul . alone on the street you do not stand a chance . that 's what the family 's all about . since the old day , when the grandfather first come over . that 's not something you just walk away from . vitti yeah , I know . when you be a jet , you be a jet all the way . patty so you want to tell I what 's go on here ? it look like you get you whole crew back together . vitti nothing 's go on . they be actor . patty do not bullshit I , Paul . you be plan something . I be feel very leave out . vitti ( quietly ) okay . something big be go down , but you be get a cut . my hand to God . 77 . patty you be a good friend , Paul . and I would never think of insist on this , but I would feel better if you bring in Eddie and some of my guy to help with the job . vitti I do not think so . patty then I will have to insist . vitti whatever . raoul approach and eye Patty disdainfully . raoul oh , dear God . first of all , sweetheart , we be not shoot the hooker scene until tomorrow . and the hair -- please , what be that ? patty Excuse I ? vitti raoul , this be a friend of mine . Patty lopresti . raoul freeze , recognize the name . raoul Mrs. lopresti -- I be so very , very raoul wheel on a production assistant who happen to be pass by . raoul how dare you not inform I Mrs. lopresti be on the set . you be fire ! ( to Patty ) enjoy you visit with we . if there 's anything I can do -- patty go fuck yourself . raoul immediately . raoul move away quickly . Patty turn back to vitti . patty it 's good to have you back , Paul . 78 . ( kiss vitti on the cheek ) we will be in touch . she exit . CUT to : ext . parking lot - moment later as Patty and she man walk away down one aisle of truck and camper , rigazzi and he man walk down the next aisle head for the set . they narrowly miss see each other . CUT to : ext . base camp - moment later Ben arrive look for vitti . he see Patty approach and freeze , then quickly duck behind a nearby truck , shield he crotch . Patty and she man pass by . Ben wait until they pass , then come out of hide and hurry on . CUT to : ext . back - yard set - same time a mildly - distraught raoul be huddle with vitti . raoul I mean , tell I -- be she angry ? be I in any danger ? vitti no , you be fine . but you might want to have somebody else start you car the next couple of week . raoul I will have Brian do it . he 's new . rigazzi and he man join they . rigazzi ( to vitti ) could I talk to you for a second ? raoul ( eyeing rigazzi ) oh , what be this now , the bus and truck tour of guy and doll ? vitti this be Lou rigazzi . 79 . raoul freeze . raoul ( a horrify whisper ) ' the wrench . ' raoul ( cont 'd ) ( take rigazzi 's hand ) please , forgive I . I be on painkiller -- half the time I do not know what I be say . raoul kiss rigazzi 's hand . rigazzi yank it away . rigazzi get lose . raoul certainly . ( as he exit ) Brian ! get my car ! rigazzi ( to vitti ) I need a couple minute . vitti ( nodd ) this way . CUT to : ext . craft SERVICES table - moment later vitti and rigazzi stand at the table . rigazzi 's soldier be nearby . rigazzi the guy who shot at you -- he be act on he own . I never give a order . vitti be that right ? rigazzi and he 's be take care of . there will not be another incident . unless you be thinkin ' of workin ' for Patty lopresti . vitti me? no. rigazzi good . then I get no beef with you . 80 . vitti thanks . I will sleep much better . rigazzi because that would not be the way to go . you want to back a winner , which be gonna be I . it only make sense . you come work for we . I will treat you right . vitti I do not think so . rigazzi ( a beat ) well , so much for sleep better . rigazzi smile and pat vitti 's cheek , then exit with he soldier . CUT to : int . extras holding tent - same time Ben walk in and see vitti 's guy sit around . jelly hey , Dr. sobel ? BEN jelly , hi. ( recognize some of the other ) hey ! yo - yo ! jelly it 's mo- mo. BEN right . I be think of the cellist . how 's it go ? mo - mo goin ' good . I do a ' Law and order ' last week , I have a line on ' sex and the City ' -- tuna I be up for a recur on ' nypd Blue . ' BEN that 's great . have you see Paul ? jelly yeah , I think he 's in he camper . 81 . BEN his camper . CUT to : int . vitti be trailer - moment later there 's a loud knock on the door and Ben storm in . vitti ( surprised to see he ) hey , Doc . what be you do here ? BEN no , what be you do here ? I come to tell you we have a preliminary meeting with you parole officer and who do I run into ? Patty lopresti . vitti Patty who ? BEN what be this -- a knock - knock joke ? patty-who-kidnapped-me-and-phed-ded - to-cut-off-my-balls . stop lie to I , Paul . you whole gang be here . vitti who say I be lie ? I finally get a straight job and start put my life in order and you come in here and start accuse I ! that 's how much you trust I ? BEN ( off balance ) it 's not that I do not trust you , I just do not -- trust you . be you lie to I ? because I know you , Paul . you will say or do anything to get you own way . vitti this be what 's so hard about be a ex-con . you make one little mistake in you life and people never let you forget it . BEN oh , so now you be the victim ? I want the truth . vitti wait a second . say that again . 82 . BEN say what ? vitti ' I want the truth . ' say it -- like you do just now . BEN I want the truth ? vitti no , strong , like before . BEN ( forceful ) I want the truth ! vitti yeah , that 's good ! BEN Paul -- vitti no , I be serious . that have power . I believe it . you could be a actor . BEN I be not a actor -- vitti hey , you be as good as most of the bum I see around here . they have this part . you could do it . BEN actually , I do the Music man in tenth grade . vitti of course . I be gonna talk to raoul . BEN about be on the show ? I could not - - vitti no , this part you could do . it 's perfect . believe I . CUT to : ext . apartment build - day ( later ) the camera roll . 83 . assistant director we be roll . soundman sound speed . raoul ( shout ) action ! on rooftop jelly and tony Bella drag Ben kick and scream to the edge of the roof and hang he over the edge . on the ground , raoul and vitti look up , watch the action . raoul ( doubtful ) do that scream sound real to you ? vitti oh , yeah . that sound real . CUT to : int . ben' car - later Ben drive , piss off . vitti chuckle to himself . BEN it 's not funny ! there be no safety harness or anything . they could have drop I . vitti hey , if you do not want to do it , why do not you say something ? BEN I know exactly what that be about . you resent the fact that you have be put in my custody , so you passive - aggressively arrange thing to make I look like a fool . vitti come on -- you be great . BEN ( turn on a dime ) really ? I be scared at first , but on the second take , I think I find some good stuff . I be able to texture the scream -- 84 . vitti be laugh . BEN oh , screw you , Paul . just screw you . he pop two pill . vitti what , be you self - medicate again ? and do not give that decongestant multi-vitamin bullshit . BEN do not worry about I . just worry about what you be go to say to this parole officer . what be you go to say ? that you have move out of my house . that you have get you old gang back together . for what , a high school drop - out reunion ? vitti I be gonna say that 's none of he fuckin ' business . BEN it 's my business . I want to know . I be a federal institution . vitti ( check side - view mirror ) you recognize that car ? BEN which car ? vitti the one that 's be follow we the last mile and a half . Ben jerk he head around to look and see a black mercede behind he . vitti lose them . BEN what do you mean , ' lose them ' ? vitti stomp he foot down on Ben 's , flooring the accelerator . CUT to : ext . hoboken STREET - continuous action 85 . Ben 's car speed up suddenly . the black mercede behind he speed up , too , as do a third car that have join the chase . CUT back to : int . ben' car - continuous action Ben be on the edge of panic . BEN maybe I should just pull over . it could be the f.b.i. vitti no , they be two car back . you gotta be a little more observant , doc. turn leave . Ben execute a hard , skidding leave . the benz stay right with he . BEN what if we just stop and get out ? they be not go to shoot we in broad daylight . vitti Broad daylight 's the best time . you can see better . take a right . now ! ext . hoboken STREET - continuous action pedestrian scatter as Ben make a sudden turn into a bank drive - through . he over-steer and wipe out a ATM machine , send up a cloud of bill that flutter down like confetti . int . car BEN sorry ! mercede follow right behind he , then the bystander run to pick up the cash , block the drive - through , force Miller in the FBI car to stop . CUT back to : ext . hoboken STREET - moment later two police officer be park at the curb . they hear a horn honking , and turn just as Ben 's car come fly past they . the cop start to pull out but stop short as the benz blow 86 . by , swerving to avoid hit they . the cop take off in hot pursuit . CUT to : int . ben' car - continuous action BEN ( frantic ) we can not do this , Paul ! we have to stop ! this be a lease ! gunfire shatter the rear window of the car . BEN ( shouting back at the mercede ) it 's a goddamn lease ! vitti ( look back ) move over . I will drive . BEN move over ? where ? vitti put he leave foot on the gas pedal and he leave hand on the wheel . vitti backseat . now ! Ben try to launch himself into the backseat but be stop by he seat belt . BEN seat belt . he release the belt , then twist and crawl over the top of the driver 's seat into the back , while vitti slide into the driver 's seat . CUT to : ext . parkway - moment later Ben 's car race past a industrial area with the mercede right on its tail . CUT to : ext . industrial park - moment later Ben 's car bounce over some railroad track and sail into a warehouse complex on the river with the mercede still only a few car length behind . 87 . CUT to : int . ben' car - continuous action vitti drive down the narrow lane between two big warehouse . vitti ( determine ) hang on . BEN it 's gonna get worse ? CUT to : ext . parking lot - continuous action vitti rocket out from between building and race through a parking lot toward the river with the benz on he tail . CUT back to : int . ben' car - continuous action BEN they be right behind we ! ( shout at they ) get away ! he start whipping thing out the shattered back window -- a tennis racket , sneaker , a empty macy 's box . CUT to : insert - tennis racket be crush under the mercede ' wheel . CUT back to : int . ben' car - continuous action Ben pick up the only thing leave -- the New York Times . he start leaf through it . vitti what the fuck be you do ? BEN I want to save the crossword . vitti throw it ! bent throw the paper out the window . 88. CUT to : benz driver' Pov the Times hit the windshield and one double - page stick , totally obscuring the driver 's view . ext . parking lot - continuous action vitti throw a 180 , skidding to a stop just inch from the river 's edge . the benz , with the newspaper cover the windshield , sail past they and right off the embankment . it seem to hang in the air for a long time , then land with a big splash and start to sink almost immediately . BEN and vitti they jump out of the car and watch the mercede disappear under the water . BEN ( aghast ) you think they will get out ? vitti yeah , that 's James bond and the ' Sea hunt ' guy in there , so they get a pretty good shot . they hear police siren approaching . vitti start walk away quickly . Ben follow after he . BEN where be you go ? vitti I gotta take care of something . BEN but you parole officer -- vitti send my regret . BEN I be warning you . if you leave now -- vitti so long , doc. vitti take off run , ducking behind the row of park car . 89 . BEN ( call after he ) that 's it ! I be finish ! you be on you own now , pal ! I be -- police car and the FBI car screech into the parking lot and surround ben. BEN ( quietly ) -- screw . CUT to : ext . riverbank - later Police diver search for the sink mercede in the middle of the channel . on shore , Ben lean against a government car look tired and distraught while chapin berate he . chapin where be he , Dr. sobel ? BEN I wish I know . chapin well , consider that he 's in you custody , that 's not quite the answer I be look for . he 's get something big in the work . you want to tell I what you know ? BEN I do not know anything . as far as I can tell , he 's make a real effort to go straight . chapin yeah , that 's why I have get two corpse at the bottom of the river . he reach through the open car window into he briefcase and pull out a file of photograph . chapin here. vitti with sal masiello . vitti with Patty lopresti . vitti with Lou rigazzi . let I know -- I can order some wallet size for you . I have get more than enough to put he away again without this . violation of parole , second - degree murder here . when I really start digging , it will be amazing 90 . what I come up with . you have twenty - four hour to find he and deliver he to I . otherwise you be look at obstruction of justice , and accessory to felony manslaughter . and trust I , Dr. sobel , if you do not like I now , you really do not want to see I in court . BEN I be get that . can I go now ? he start for he car . chapin you can not take you car . we be impound it as evidence . BEN ( exasperate ) then can somebody give I a ride home ? chapin yeah , the government run a limousine service . the number be 1- 800 - fuck off . chapin walk away . CUT to : int . vitti be trailer - day vitti be hurriedly collect he stuff , talk to jelly and a few of he old gang . vitti I do not have a lot of time . they be probably gonna come lookin ' for I , so we will go over everything later , okay ? jelly Paul , not that I be question , but what do we want with Eddie devol ? guy 's a fuckin ' scumbag . vitti look , I be not happy about it , but if it keep Patty off my back , so be it . they be meeting we at the club . let 's head out . ( as they all get up ) not all at once . I gotta tell you everything ? a production assistant knock and stick she head in the door . 91 . p.a. Mr. vitti ? Mr. Bella ask if you could meet he in the makeup trailer . vitti no , I gotta go . p.a . he say it be important . vitti ( annoyed ) I will talk to he tomorrow . he hand the p.a. some money . vitti here -- tell he you could not find I . vitti exit . the p.a. look at the money . CUT to : ext . makeup trailer - later vitti make he way past the trailer , head for he car . as he pass the makeup trailer , the door open and tony Bella stick he head out . tony bella Paul ! excellent ! vitti can not really talk right now , mate . headin ' out . tony bella two second . please , Paul . it 's really important . vitti look piss . CUT to : int . makeup trailer - moment later vitti watch impatiently while the makeup artist touch up tony Bella . tony bella ( script in hand ) I be look for something to do when my character find out he 's be indicted . I be think of punch the wall , but I do that when they kill uncle lenny , and I do it again 92 . when franny leave I . oh , and I punch a car , a van actually , when peezee screw up the big drug deal . so I would like to find something different , that do not involve , you know , punch anything . vitti try kickin ' something . let I know how it work out . vitti start for the door . tony bella wait , Paul . that 's interesting . like what ? vitti ( impatient ) I do not know . you could kick a guy in the face . tony bella who ? vitti ( irritate ) just some guy ! you knock he down , give he a couple quick kick in the head while he 's on the ground . tony bella why ? vitti why not ? because he 's there and you be piss off . tony bella you have do that ? vitti maybe once or twice . look , I get people wait . tony bella ( think about it , decide not ) my character would not do that . what else ? vitti ( at a loss , get angrier ) I do not know . you could yell real loud ? 93 . tony bella yell real loud ? that 's original . vitti ( pop ) or keep you fuckin ' mouth shut ! who give a shit what you do , for cryin ' out loud ? tony Bella like something about vitti 's inflection . tony bella ( imitate he ) who give a shit what you do , for cryin ' out loud ? vitti what be you doin ' ? tony bella what be you doin ' ? vitti ( irritate ) okay , you can cut that shit out right now . tony bella okay , you can cut that shit out right now . vitti ( menace ) hey , I be serious , asshole ! tony bella hey , I be serious , asshole ! CUT to : ext . makeup trailer - moment later the door fly open and tony Bella come fly out of the trailer backwards , hit the pavement hard . vitti charge out of the trailer and storm away . tony wipe blood from under he nose . tony bella that be good . my character could do that . CUT to : ext . sobel house - later a cab pull up to the house , and Ben get out . 94 . he walk up the driveway and see jelly 's car park at the back door and a big man in a dark suit and tie wiping the windshield . BEN ( irritate ) jelly ! where 's Paul ? the guy in the suit turn . it 's Michael . BEN Michael ? what be you do ? michael work . BEN ( pleasantly surprised ) you get a job ? that 's great . look how handsome you look in that suit . what 's the job ? michael ( reluctantly ) I be work for Mr. vitti . I be he driver . BEN oh , no , you be not ! michael you keep tell I to get a job ! BEN I mean make sandwich at the Subway , not drive a getaway car ! michael he 's pay I twenty dollar a hour . BEN I do not care if he pay you two hundred a hour , you be not do it . michael dad -- BEN he have no right to ask you without my permission . where be he ? michael I can not tell you . BEN what do you mean you can not tell I ? 95 . michael I promise I would never repeat anything I hear in the car . I take a oath . BEN you take a oath ! oh , my God ! be there blood involved ? michael dad , I give my word . Laura come out of the house . LAURA Ben ? where have you be ? what happen to you ? BEN ( minimize ) I be in a car chase . there be a little shoot -- not that much really -- then they -- drive into the river . it be not as bad as it sound . LAURA when be this go to end ? BEN tonight , I hope . I just have to find he and -- LAURA why ? a few day ago you be not even sure you still want to be a therapist . now you be go to risk you life again for that lout . BEN yeah , but he 's a amazing lout , be not he ? I can not quit now . you know that . LAURA ( relent ) go. just do not get shot -- please ? BEN I love you . they kiss . then Ben turn to Michael . BEN all right , where be he ? michael I can not . 96 . LAURA ( pop ) you tell you father right now or I will give you such a smack it will not even be funny ! michael ( surprised ) okay ! I drop he at the club . BEN what club ? michael Little darling 's in queen . BEN okay , mafiaboy , give I you car key . michael I be ground ? BEN no , I be borrow you car . he kiss Laura again and take off . CUT to : ext . little darling be - later that night several limo be park outside a family - own nightclub in queen . Ben pull up , lean way back in the driver 's seat of Michael 's , half - paint , modify ' 82 Honda Civic with the bubbling muffler . CUT to : int . civic - continuous action Ben take out a bottle of pill . he try to remove the child - safety cap but he hand be shaking so badly he can not do it . frustrate , he try to bite the cap off , then give up and throw the bottle away . CUT to : ext . little darling be - same time Ben enter the club . a moment later , cerrone and Miller cruise by in a unmark car and park at the end of the block . 97 . CUT to : int . club entrance - moment later Ben enter the nightclub and start move through the crowd , look for vitti . he push through and see jelly and a few of the guy watch a exotic dancer , a beautiful young blonde in a skimpy costume , stand on a platform grind in mock ecstasy . BEN jelly ! jelly ( yell over music ) hey , Doc . what be you doin ' here ? BEN where 's Paul ? jelly tuck a few bill into she g-string . she look at Ben and wink suggestively . jelly I think she like you , Doc . give she a couple of buck . Ben reluctantly dig in he pocket and hold out a bill to the stripper . BEN can you break a twenty ? the stripper sensuously finger the top of she g-string , and Ben gingerly stick the twenty in it . BEN do I just make my own change ? he tentatively reach for some smaller bill in she g-string but she dance away . BEN ( call to she ) a ten and five one -- when you have the chance . he turn around to talk to jelly , but he 's already go . Ben find jelly at a table with vitti . BEN okay , Paul , what 's go on ? 98 . vitti ( key up ) what be you do here ? BEN I could ask you the same thing . vitti what 's it look like ? we be just blowin ' off a little steam . what 's the big deal ? Eddie devol enter , flanke by he main guy , al pacino and enormous bobby . eddie how 's it goin ' , paulie ? you know my guy -- enormous Bobby and Al pacino ? vitti ( look at he ) Al pacino ? that 's you real name ? al pacino no. people call I that because I look like Al pacino . ( beat ) the actor . vitti anybody ever call you Carol burnett ? al pacino no . why ? vitti ' Cause you look about as much like Carol burnett as you look like Al pacino . Ben laugh . Al pacino glare at he . BEN I do see a little pacino there -- around the eye . eddie so we be all here . let 's do it . he head for the back of the club with he guy . vitti and jelly start to follow . BEN ( stop vitti ) let 's do what ? 99 . vitti you better get out of here . BEN ( lay a hand on he arm ) I be not go until you tell I what 's go on here . vitti violently shake off Ben 's hand . vitti ( menace ) do not make I hurt you . get the fuck out of here . he walk away leave Ben freeze . Ben watch as they disappear through a door lead to the back of the club . he start toward the door . CUT to : int . basement room - moment later vitti be seat at a big table in the crowded , smoke - fill room . jelly sit at he side . he 's surround by he crew , about a half - a- dozen guy , and Patty 's man , Eddie devol . several street map and diagram be spread out on the table . vitti okay , this be big and we only get one shot at it ; and there 's only about a million way this fuckin ' thing can go bad , so listen up . vitti pull a street map to the center of the table and tap a spot downtown . vitti the Federal gold depository in lower Manhattan . Three time a year a shipment of gold bar go in a heavily - guard armored truck from the depository to the vault at the Federal Reserve to hold for foreign government that trade in bullion . at three o'clock in the morning -- eight hour from now -- we be gonna hijack that truck . CUT to : int . little darling be - same time Ben enter the back room of the club , look around , and start down the stairwell lead to the basement . 100 . CUT to : int . basement stairway - moment later Ben make he way down the cramped , dimly - light stairway and approach the door to the basement room . he raise he hand to knock , then hesitates and stand there for a moment listen to the muffled voice inside . suddenly he be grab from behind and slam up against the door by enormous Bobby . Bobby slam he against the door a couple of more time , use Ben 's head as a doorknocker . the door be open by someone inside and enormous Bobby shove Ben into the room . CUT to : int . basement room - continuous action Ben hit the floor to a chorus of surprised reaction from the guy . enormous Bobby pull Ben off the floor by he lapel . eddie what the fuck be this ? enormous bobby I find this guy listen at the door . BEN ( daze ) hey , guy . how 's it go ? eddie who be this guy ? BEN ( not look at Eddie ) Ben sobel . sorry , I can not move my head to the right . Boy , I hope that 's not permanent . eddie get rid of he . Al pacino put he gun to Ben 's head . BEN ( still daze ) hi , Carol . al pacino you be a dead man , asshole . let 's go . 101 . he start muscle Ben to the door . vitti what be you do ? eddie what do you think ? he can make every guy in this room . BEN oh , I be not into that , fella . vitti get you fuckin ' hand off he ! he 's with I . eddie what , on the job ? vitti hesitates . eddie ( impatiently ) either he 's in , or he 's dead . which be it ? BEN I think in be better . vitti ( reluctantly ) he 's in . he 's my responsibility . eddie ( to vitti ) okay , no more surprise . and from this moment on , no one leave my sight . get it ? now go through it one more time . vitti okay -- everybody listen up . BEN wait ! ( sit ) okay . go ahead . CUT to : ext . little darling be - later that night Agents cerrone and Miller watch the front of the club from they car park across the street . 102 . cerrone ( yawn , check watch ) I wonder what it cost to keep that many limo wait for three - and - a - half hour . there Pov a dozen man look like vitti and he crew come out of the club and get into the limo . miller ( o.s. ) everybody stand by . they be leave . the limo drive off . at the corner , the FBI car pull out and follow at a discreet distance . CUT to : ext . queensborough bridge - night the FBI car follow the limo across the bridge into Manhattan . CUT to : ext . time square - later the limo pull up at the wwf Restaurant . the FBI car stop up the block . cerrone ( v.o. ) ( over radio ) 312 , all unit . w.w.f. Restaurant . Times Square . the limo door open and the passenger get out -- all nondescript nobody . CUT to : int . FBI car - same time Miller watch intently . miller where 's vitti ? I do not see vitti . cerrone stare with the grow awareness that they have be have . cerrone damn it ! 103 . ( grimly , into radio ) call it off . we lose they . CUT to : int . manhattan warehouse - middle of night vitti 's guy be dress like construction worker as they load they gear into two truck . vitti supervise while other work on a New York City bus . Eddie devol , Al pacino and enormous Bobby stand guard over the whole scene , in case anyone be think of defect . Ben be wear heavy dungaree and a oversize plaid shirt , struggle to lace he work boot . jelly approach he and toss a bulletproof vest on the table . jelly here . see if this will fit under you shirt . BEN ( extremely nervous ) I could fit you under my shirt . do not they have anything smaller ? jelly this be not bloomingdale 's . nobody know you be comin' . you be lucky you be alive , Doc . he glance at Eddie devol . BEN ( hiss ) nobody 's go to be alive when this be over . what kind of plan be this ? it 's crazy . it 's stupid ! jelly watch it . it may be crazy but it be not stupid . if you want to stay alive , just keep you mouth shut , do everything I tell you and try not to pee in you pants . ( quietly ) can you handle a m - 16 ? he hold up a automatic rifle . BEN you mean shoot it ? jelly no , I mean twirl it like a fuckin ' baton . how about a a.k .? 104 . he hold up another rifle . BEN ( exasperate ) jelly -- jelly ( rummage through pile ) kalashnikov , mac - 10 , uzi -- stop I if I hit one you like . Ben see Eddie watch he and gingerly pick up a 9 mm handgun . BEN could not I just take this ? jelly yeah , that 's a good one . that gun bring back a lot of fond memory . use it in good health . Ben put the gun into the waistband of he dungaree , but it slip through and drop into he pants . BEN ( wince ) ooh , cold -- cold . he jam he hand down the front of he pants and start search around in there . Eddie and enormous Bobby stare at he as they walk by . BEN ( explain ) my gun -- fall down in my -- he shake he leg and the gun drop out of he cuff and clatter onto the floor . he smile weakly and pick it up . vitti approach . he look agitate but under tight control . vitti ( to jelly ) check the bus . jelly exit . vitti ( quietly , to Ben ) if we can , I be gonna get you out before the real shit go down . just do not flip out on I , okay ? 105 . BEN you be make a huge mistake . you know that , do not you ? vitti you say it yourself . it 's my nature . BEN it 's not you nature ! you have a choice . vitti what be you , fuck jiminy cricket ? I do not know what planet you live on , but here on Earth it 's ' might make right . ' read the papers . the guy with the gun make the rule . BEN ( hold up the pistol ) so I guess that make I a real man now . what happen to the white hat , Paul ? you father be not wrong . you could be one of the good guy . vitti enough . say one more word about my father and I will break you fuckin ' head . BEN ( quietly ) okay . vitti walk off . CUT to : int . bathroom - same time vitti come in , lock the door and have a full - blow panic attack -- gasp for breath , sweat , whimper , try to stifle he panic . then he see he torture face in the mirror and start pull himself together . CUT to : int . warehouse - few minute later the guy be get into the truck . Ben keep let everybody go in front of he , then start to back away , but Eddie and enormous Bobby come up behind he and push he up into the truck . ext . manhattan warehouse - night 106 . the big door open and two truck roll out carry vitti , Ben and the crew . CUT to : int . lead truck - same time the guy be sit on the floor in the back of the truck , line up along the side like paratrooper wait to jump . Ben be sit next to jelly and across from vitti who be just stare intently . CUT to : ext . west side highway - night the truck make they way past the aircraft carrier Intrepid head downtown . dissolve to : ext . construction site - night ( later ) vitti , Ben , and Eddie devol stand next to the tread of a giant crane . vitti ( check he watch ) I have five to three . they should start movin ' any minute . BEN ( look at he watch ) I have three - o- six . vitti let 's see you watch . Ben slip it off and hand it to he . vitti smashes it on a rock with the butt of he gun , then toss it back to Ben . vitti 's radio squawks and the spotter 's voice be hear . spotter ( v.o. ) ( filter ) they be move ! vitti key he radio twice as a signal and hold up he clench fist to alert the guy on site with he . CUT to : ext . federal build - night a convoy of vehicle emerge from the bowel of the building and turn onto the street . in front and back be specially - equip suv , full of heavily - armed federal marshal ; a armored truck in the middle carry the gold . 107 . CUT to : ext . another STREET - same time the convoy rumble past a block -long , high - rise construction site , totally enclose by a plywood wall around the perimeter . vitti he can hear the convoy pass outside the wall . spotter he look down on the convoy from a vantage point on a scaffold high above the street . when the truck be in the right position , he wave to vitti on the ground . vitti see the signal . vitti ( on walkie ) go! CUT to : ext . STREET - continuous action a forty - foot , flat - bed trailer truck load with cement conduit back across the street and stop , block the path of the convoy . the lead suv honk . the truck do not move . the captain of the marshal get out and walk up to the truck . the driver have slip out the other side and disappear . suddenly , a huge steel claw drop down from above and close around the top of the armored truck , its sharp point crunching into the metal side . then the truck start rise off the pavement . a couple of determine marshal jump out of they vehicle , race over and grab onto the bumper as the armored truck be lift off the ground . CUT to : ext . construction site - continuous action a hundred - foot tower crane lift the truck straight up . the marshal hang on as long as they can , then prudently let go and drop heavily to the street . two marshal be still cling to the truck as it rise to a height of thirty foot , then swing silently over the perimeter fencing . 108 . int . construction site a bank of arc light be switch on illuminate the site as the truck be lower to the ground . heavily - armed gangster in ski mask surround the truck and herd the driver , the shotgun guard and the frighten marshal into a construction shack , while man with acetylene torch attack the back door . vitti pull down he ski mask and tap ben. BEN Paul , it 's not too late . do not do this . vitti let 's go . he stride off to take charge . Ben pull down he mask and hurry after he , but run right into a pole . BEN shit ! ow ! he raise he mask and scamper after vitti rub the painful bump on he forehead . CUT to : ext . STREET - same time the marshal run around , frantically search for a way into the construction site . CUT to : vitti totally in charge , he stride up to the armored truck just as he man finish cut through the steel plate door . vitti yank the door open .. vitti and Ben stare in awe at the expose content of the truck -- a fortune in gold bar . vitti ( shout ) get the ramp ! Eddie and he guy run up with a long , narrow track with metal roller and set it up at the rear of the gold truck . eddie ( very excited ) you know , this might just fuckin ' work . 109 . BEN you be gonna get in so much trouble . CUT to : ext . STREET - same time the marshal be try to climb over the construction site wall , but they be stop by roll of razor wire and suppressing FIRE from inside the site . lieutenant they can not get over the wire . captain then knock down the gate ! CUT to : ext . construction site the guy take the heavy bar out of the armored truck and run they quickly along the roll track into the bus . CUT to : int . bus - same time jelly be pull on the hat and jacket of a transit authority bus driver . the floor board of the bus have be lift out and the guy be lay the gold bar in the hollow under the floor . vitti ( pop he head in ) forty bar . that 's all we need . BEN how much be that ? vitti $ 350 a ounce , 16 ounce in a pound , 90 pound in each bar -- do the math . jelly ( a beat ) actually , gold be measure in troy ounce . 14.6 ounce to the pound . that would be ... $ 18,396,000 . BEN really ? jelly give or take . he hear a loud crash and all eye turn to the gate . 110 . BEN well , so much for not pee in my pants . Eddie go off to help transfer the gold . CUT to : ext . STREET - same time the marshal back up one of the suv and run it into the gate again . CUT to : int . construction site the big , wooden gate shudder but vitti 's man roll two enormous earthmover up to reinforce the gate . BEN you know what you say about not flipping out ? vitti yeah ? BEN sorry . ( flipping out ) what do I do ? what do I do ? I have a perfect life , I throw it away . vitti do not do this . vitti drag he off toward the building structure . BEN I can not help it ! my life be over ! I be go to jail . some people can handle prison -- I be not one of they . I have delicate feature . I be small . I will be way too popular ! vitti calm down . BEN I can not calm down ! I be gonna die ! Inside the structure , vitti spin he around and shake he . vitti you be not gonna die ! 111 . BEN I can not breathe ! I be suffocating ! vitti ( shaking he ) for chrissake , get hold of yourself ! BEN I can not ! I be die ! we be all go to die ! suddenly , he slap vitti hard across the face . they both freeze . BEN do I just hit you ? vitti yeah . feel better now ? BEN ( break down ) I be sorry , Paul . I blame myself for this . I want to help you . I want to be there for you . but I just be not good enough . vitti you be good . it be not you fault . BEN no , it be . since my father die -- ( start cry ) I have lose my way . I do not know anything anymore . I mean , what 's the point ? I do not think it would hit I so hard -- vitti would you just shut up about you father ! BEN I be grieve , goddammit ! have a little respect ! vitti he be a asshole -- you say it yourself . what be you grieve for ? BEN I be grieve for myself , you fuck idiot ! Ben let it all go , sobbing for all the year of pain . 112 . vitti ( surprised , shrug ) jeez , I be sorry . BEN now I know how you must have feel when you father be kill . vitti look at he . BEN ( cry more ) I mean , it have to be ten time worse for you -- be murder right in front of you . and you be so young - - vitti we do not have time for this . BEN ( really sobbing ) it must have be so painful ! vitti ( eye fill with tear ) I be warning you -- do not do this -- BEN I mean , it 's like all he hope for you die with he . and that 's so sad . vitti ( start to cry ) there I go . you happy now ? you see what you be do here ? both man be cry now . BEN you father really love you . vitti I love he , too . I do . BEN ( hug he ) I know . I know . jelly come around the corner and see the two man in a weepy embrace . jelly oh , boy . this be bad . 113 . another huge crash as the marshal ram the gate again , this time tear loose one of the big hinge . jelly maybe we oughta should go . vitti , Ben and jelly run to the bus , but Eddie pull a gun and stop they . Al and Bobby cover jelly and the rest of the crew . vitti back away slowly . eddie do you really think you be gonna live through this ? vitti I have my hope . eddie yeah , well , nice work . Mr. rigazzi will be very grateful . BEN ( to vitti ) rigazzi ? I think he work for patti lopresti . vitti that 's what Patty think , too . this scumbag 's be playin ' both side against the middle . eddie there 's only one side as far as I be concerned . mine . what do you think ? I be just gonna stand by and let some fuckin ' have - be move back in ? so long , Mr. vitti . he cock the gun and be about to pull the trigger when Ben suddenly roar and slam he in the head with he gun . vitti and jelly quickly cover Al pacino and enormous Bobby . BEN ( beat the shit out of Eddie ) I can not take it anymore ! that 's what I hate about you fuck sociopath ! you just keep change the rule to suit yourselves . well , not this time , you anti-social asshole . you fuck with the wrong shrink ! sitting on Eddie 's chest , he press the gun against Eddie 's nose . BEN do not you read the papers ? the guy 114 . with the gun make the rule . vitti yeah , what ? they shove Eddie , enormous Bobby and Al pacino into the back of the armored truck , vitti give a signal and the crane lift it off the ground . CUT to : ext . STREET - continuous action the armored truck come down fast and drop heavily to the street . Federal marshal swarm the truck and find Eddie , Al , and Bobby sprawle in the back . captain ( scream ) on the floor ! face-down ! now ! al pacino ( to Eddie ) Nice goin ' . good plan . enormous bobby what 's a sociopath ? the marshal handcuff they . suddenly , the marshal hear automatic weapon FIRE come from the next block . uniform swat cop come run from that direction and shout to the marshal . swat leader they be escape out the back ! get over there ! move it ! the marshal rush toward the sound of the gunfire and disappear around the corner . CUT to : next block as the marshal round the corner , they see a police shoot - out in progress . wiseguy be firing automatic weapon at cop who be pin down behind police cruiser . the Captain of the marshal fire a warning shot in the air . captain ( on a bullhorn ) freeze ! Drop you weapon ! 115 . the head wiseguy , Anthony Bella , turn in surprise . tony bella what the hell be this ? raoul ( o.s. ) ( on he own bullhorn ) cut , cut , cut ! what the hell 's go on ? raoul stride out into the street , furious , still talk through he bullhorn . raoul ( to the Captain ) who be you ? what be you do in my shot ? the Captain and the marshal look around and see that they be on the set of " Little caesar . " captain what be you do on my street ? the Captain walk toward raoul until they be almost face to face , shouting at each other through they bullhorn . raoul I have a permit ! captain I do not give a shit about you permit ! the assistant director address the tv crew . assistant director all right , people . back to one and let 's try it again ! ( into he walkie- talkie ) release the traffic and reset for another take . on the perimeter of the set , the PA 's signal the off-duty cop who work the set to release the real traffic they have be hold on the cross street . a city bus pass behind raoul and tony Bella who be still scream at the Federal marshal . CUT to : ext . 11 th avenue - minute later in mid-block , swat cop step into the street and wave the bus to a halt . 116 . CUT to : int . bus - same time Ben be sit in the back with vitti as the helmete swat cop board the bus . BEN ( see they come ) that 's it . we be screw . the cop walk toward the back and confront Ben . lead swat you ! BEN yes , Officer ? lead swat you be one tough shrink . the cop unmask . it 's mo- Mo , coke , and tuna . they laugh and slap hand with vitti and ben. CUT to : ext . STREET - continuous action the bus pull out and join the flow of traffic head downtown . CUT to : int . bus - minute later all the guy be look pretty happy with they score . Ben turn to vitti . BEN feeling pretty good , huh ? vitti I feel worse . BEN so what now ? you go on the run for the rest of you life ? back to sing sing ? or you turn up dead in a alley ? vitti that be my choice ? what happen to lie on a beach in costa rica for the next twenty year ? you can not let I enjoy this for five fuckin ' minute ? 117 . BEN five minute ? and then what ? vitti and then what ? I will show you . CUT to : ext . rigazzi plumbing and HEATING - next morning a rigazzi company van be force open by a team of FBI agent lead by agent Miller . stack inside be forty gold bar . agent cerrone come out of the building with Lou rigazzi and several associate in handcuffs . U.S. Attorney chapin make a statement to the media . chapin acting on intelligence we develop in the last few day , the justice Department and the f.b.i. take very aggressive action to recover the steal gold and bring the perpetrator to justice . I be happy to tell the people of New York that the street be safe again . CUT to : ext . patty' house - same time vitti knock on the front door . Patty answer it in she robe . patty hi , Paul . how would it go ? vitti not so good . patty yeah , I hear . it 's all over the television . I never should have trust Eddie . but , you know , a woman alone in the world be very vulnerable . vitti yeah , I know . patty at least I do not have to worry about the rigazzis no more . thanks to you . vitti I tell you -- I just want to be leave 118 . alone . patty I know . I will make sure . how about some breakfast ? I could make you some waffle and -- whatever else you want . she adjust she robe , provide vitti a quick peek . vitti can not do that . Patty smile and shrug . patty well , if you ever change you mind -- ( kiss he ) good luck , Paul . CUT to : ext . east river boardwalk - later morning Ben be lean against the railing gaze at the water when vitti walk up . BEN do you see patti ? vitti yeah . BEN ( ruefully ) do she grab you ball ? vitti what kind of question be that ? she 's cool . she 's just happy to have ' the wrench ' out of the way . BEN well , I talk to the U.S. Attorney . vitti do he grab you ball ? BEN no , Paul , he do not grab my ball . he thank I for tipping he off about the gold . and he say he will not be come after you if you stay out of trouble . so what do you think ? vitti I be gonna go to Ohio -- get Marie and the kid -- then we will probably disappear for awhile -- figure out all 119 . this future stuff -- away from all the pressure . BEN good idea . Change be hard , Paul . but you do the right thing . vitti yeah , you , too . you hang in there . that take a lot of gut . BEN well , I just -- vitti no , you be like a animal back there . BEN I just vent my displace aggression vitti no . I be tell you . you be a monster . I see the beast in you . BEN I be not a beast . I can handle myself if I have to -- vitti handle yourself ? you be fuckin' John Wayne . BEN well , I wrestle a bit in high school -- 122 pound . vitti yeah , I could tell . you be good , you . BEN I be not -- vitti Paul , I just -- vitti no . you be good . you get a gift , my friend . Ben give up . BEN Fine . I have a gift . vitti so -- happy end , huh ? 120 . BEN well , I think so . do not you feel better now ? vitti be you kid ? I feel like shit . all that work for nothing . 20 million buck . BEN you be grieve -- it 's a process . vitti take it easy , doc. BEN you , too , Paul . they embrace . then vitti start to walk away toward jelly who have be wait at a respectful distance . vitti stop and turn . vitti hey , doc! ( sing ) ' there 's a place for we -- ' BEN ( sing ) 'a time and place for we -- ' jelly ( join in ) ' hold my hand we be halfway there -- ' all together ' hold my hand and I will take you there . ( belting ) somehow , someday , somewhere . ' the orchestra swell as we crane up to the Brooklyn Bridge and lower Manhattan beyond . dissolve to : fade 8 mm color home movie footage a little boy in a cowboy suit sit on a pony as he father lead he around the ring . fade out . the end