anastasia fade in : on a well - wear photograph album . a elderly woman' hand touch the album , caress it lovingly for a moment , as we hear she voice . tatiana ( o.c. ) once we live in a enchant world . . . she opend the album to reveal a black and white photograph of the palace at ST . petersberg on a brilliant summer day . tatiana ( cont ) a world of Tsar and princess and elegant palace . . . camera move closer to the picture . . . tatiana ( cont ) and grand party . . . the photo dissolves into reality in brilliant color as the day turn into night and the summer cool into winter . we see the palace at night , blankete in a beautiful , almost glow , snow as hourse draw carriage pull up to the front door . tatiana ( cont ) a beautiful , magical time . . . move into the palace tatiana ( cont ) that would soon be go forever . . . int . palace at ST . petersberg - night elegant royalist mingle around the MAIN hall as a orchestra play . all eye turn to the glass door of two elevador which descend grandly on either side of a beautiful staircase . through the glass door we see tatiana , the dowager Empress , 60 , imperious and bedeck with jewel , she be seemingly unapproachable . tsar nicholas and he son be with she . in the other elevador , alexandra and she daughter - well , all she daughter except . . . anastasia , eight year old and apparently late for the party , rush down the upstairs hallway follow by a servent ( sonya ) 16 , who be try to catch up with anastasia to tie a large ribbon in she long , dark hair . sonya ( whisper ) princess anastasia - you be late and it 's all my fault ! anastasia do not worry , Sonya , no one will notice . . . just then , Sonya lassoe the ribbon around she hair , stop anastasia with a anastasia ( loudly ) . . . owwwwwwwww ! all eye turn to anastasia , who once she realize that she 's the center of attention , flash a mischievous smile and descend the staircase in grand style . as the ribbon fall out of she hair and down she back , anastasia kick it to Sonya without break stride . tatiana see she and can not help but smile . the music suddenly become a flourish of trumpet . servent open the elevador door as the royal family step out and begin a proccession through they subject . tatiana hold out she arm to anastasia as she make it to tatiana 's side just in time . anastasia have a beautiful but slightly impish face , dominate by large , blue , mischievous eye . she a abundance of energy and confidence for a girl she age . " the rular of russia " ( open number ) the elegant guest sing they admiration as the beautiful and happy romanov family make it 's entrance into the ball , they be " the pride of all Russia " . Vladimir invite Sophie to dance and the entire glitter assembly assembly swing into a glorious sweeping waltz . sing they certainty that the romanovs will rule forever . during the above , the ball be in full swing . beautiful couple swirl across the dance floor , include anastasia dance gracefully with she father . under a long buffet table , we see dmitri , 11 , darkly handsome , dress in rag servant clothes , with a shock of dark hair which continuoually fall accross he eye as watch the guest enviously . anastasia , still waltzing with she father , see he . servent cross the room carry a trays of beautiful tropical fruit . the guest " ew " and " ah " at the sumptuous fruit . anastasia see dmitri eyeing it hungrily and without miss a dance step , she grab a orange off thry tray and toss it to dmitri . he catch it and smile broadly at she . suddenly , a hand grab dmitri and pull he out from under the table . it 's ivar , the head servent , who pull dmitri into a open wall panel . ivar ( angrily ) you be a servent ! never forget you place ! dmitiri ( defiant ) someday my place will be out there ! ivar never ! you be a peasant , dmitri ! back in the kitchen rular of russia ( cont . ) underscore continue as dmitri be drag from he hide place under the table and back to the kitchen . it 's like the Moscow circus back there , comic musical confusion . the servant sing about they demand employer and mockingly imitate they behavior : they imply that they have they own " party " , that change be come . while back in the ballroom , the royalist be oblivious to the servant discontent and sing they satisfaction with they own life . dramatic underscore continue though the follow scene . on tatiana in a large throne - like chair . tatiana be very serious and very regal . she slide over to make room for anastasia who sit next to she . tatiana why be you so late tonight anastasia I be show Sonya something . . . tatiana what be you show she ? anastasia ( sheepishly ) how to read . tatiana I think you be tell not to tutor you servant anymore . anastasia I know , but I have to because . . . anastasia look up at tatiana and see she smile with pride . anastasia know she do not have to explain . anastasia ( cuddle ) oh , grandmama , why do you have to go back to Paris ? tatiana it 's where I have make my home but I do have something for you . . . tatiana reach from behind the chair and bring out a beautiful music BOX . tatiana take the key , a small silver and enamel flower , on a silver neck chain and wind it up . music begins , she hand anastasia the key . close up the key bear the inscription " together in Paris " . anastasia " together in Paris " ! oh , when can we be " together in Paris ?! tatiana when you be older . . . anastasia make a disgruntled face . tatiana laugh . tatiana until then , whenever you hear this song , think of I and know that I be wait for you . tatiana put the key around anastasia 's neck and they embrace . then , suddenly . . . on the grand chandelier the light begin to fade in and out . group shot as people in the ballroom look around bewilder . then , a whirlwind kick up , send everyone off the dance floor , as the whirlwind become a tornado . suddenly , a albino bat ( bartok ) with huge eye , spring out of the funnel , screeching and swoop over the crowd , cause everyone to duck and cover they head in fear . the tornada reach it 's peak and explode in smoke - leave rasputin stand alone in the middle of the floor . he be of indeterminate age , tower over other man in the room , he most strike feature be he eye - which at this moment be burn a fiery red . he be dress in a flow black monk 's robe with a satin rope tie around he waist . connect to the rope be a glow reliquary , a mystical lantern . various shot of Nicholas , alexandra , Sophie and Vladimir , dmitri peek out ofthe wallpanel , tatiana and anastasia , all of whom be frighten . nicholas as he gather he son and wife to he side nicholas rasputin ! you be alive . . . rasputin ( advance ) despite be shot , poison and throw into a icy river . . . yes ! nicholas ( honestly ) I have nothing to do with it ! rasputin you give the order ! nicholas I do no such thing ! rasputin after all I have do for you family - you tried to kill meeeeee ! ! ! rasputin swing the reliquary , wrapping himself in smoke which seem to grow larger . eerie moan noise come from the reliquary . people back awayin terror . rasputin ( cont . ) the romanov dynasty end here ! you , you wife and child will all die within the fortnight ! anastasia no ! anastasia leave tatiana and rush to stand in front of she father . still hold she Music box , anastasia 's shaking hand be the only thing that give away she fear . rasputin spin toward the voice . anastasia we be not afraid of you ! rasputin ( furious ) you . . . my little babushka . . . you will be so much fun to kill that I will save you for last ! twirl the reliquary again , the moan grow louder as bartok circle around he head . the smoke that emerge seem to have almosy a human shape to it . rasputin this be the end of the romanov line - forever !!!! the tornada of smoke begin again , whipping into a frenzy and then exploding . the smoke clear and rasputin be go . as the light return to normal the romanov family all stand together , and try to look regal and in control once again . tatiana ( o.c. ) some say rasputin ad harness all the dark power of evil and that it be he curse which bring about the end . . . dissolve to : the romanov family fade into a portrait of the family . tatiana ( o.c. ) I will never know for sure . all I do know be that the beauty of we world be soon go . . . forever . . . a lick of bright orange flame creep into view . " ruler of russia " ( vocal reprise ) huge , ominous vocal reprise the onceglorious watlz of the romanovs , herald the end of they world and underscore the come revolution . pull back to see the portrait , a huge frieze which cover a entire entire wall , singeing as the flame creep up the nearby drapery , tinting the room in a red glow . a scream mob , some in uniform , some not , have crash into the palace and be head up the stair . a few in the mob fire off orange rifle shot . int . anastasia' bedroom - night anastasia bolt up , hearing the shot . her music box be next to she on she nightstand . int . hallway - night mass confusion as the mob be meet by a few servant , who try to stop they from advance . more shot . on the romanov be still in nightclothes , be be rush down the hallway . tatiana be next to anastasia as anastasia stopsdead in she track . anastasia my music mox ! anastasia turn around and run back down the hall . tatiana try to stop she . tatiana anastasia , no ! it 's too late , anastasia fight she way back into she room , with tatiana follow she . from the other end of the hallway we see dmitri watch amidst all the confusion . int . anastasia' bedroom - night anastasia grab she music box as tatiana rush in . tatiana hurry , child ! loud rifle shot be hear as dmitri burst into the room , close the door behind he . dmitri no - this way ! dmitri run to a wall panel and thows he weight against it . it open , revealing a passage way . dmitri ( cont . ) go! run !! out the servant 's quarter ! tatiana , enormously grateful , look at dmitri as he flip he hair out of he face unconsciously . dmitri go! tatiana go in as dmitri shove anastasia toward the passageway , knock the music box out of she hand . she reach for it , but hearing the mob voice grow closer , he push she through the panel without it . dmitri ( cont . ) go! tatiana quickly follow anastasia into the passageway and dmitri close the panel just as the mob burst in . dmitri ( cont . ) ( lie to the mob ) no one 's here ! let 's try the next room ! the mob , accept the word of a peasant boy and rush out . dmitri pick up the music box and look sadly toward the panel . ext . train station - night which be under siege by royalist try to board the overcrowded train and the revolutionaries who be try to stop they . a touring car pull up right on the track behind the caboose as the train start to pull away . tatiana and anastasia climb out of the car and race for the train , fight they way through the frenzied and frighten crowd . we hear shout of " the Empress - let she through ! " which help clear the way . anastasia reach the train first , then turn to see tatiana . try to catch up . anastasia hurry , grandmama ! tatiana get on ! anastasia , get on ! anastasia refuse to board the train . up ahead a mob of revolutionaries block the track with a truck on anastasia who push tatiana up the stair of the caboose . this put anastasia a few step behind as the train speed up . tatiana be grip by other passenger as she reach out to anastasia . tatiana grab my hand ! anastasia reach up and take tatiana 's hand . anastasia do not let go ! close on the two hand . then suddenly . she small hand be pull from tatiana 's grasp and fall out of the frame . tatiana ( o.c. ) anastasia ! on anastasia who have stumble , hit the ground hard . on tatiana horrify , scream : tatiana anastasia ! tatiana rush to jump off the train after she , but be catch and hold back by the royalist passangers as the train crash through the truck and pick up speed . tatiana 's Pov : anastasia rise from the ground , she hand outstretch . but she be suddenly swallow up by the mob . superimpose : a black and white photograph of anastasia , in a happier time , smile . underscore : " the music BOX theme " tatiana ( o.c. ) I never see she again . . . the photo album slowly close . . . end open number dissolve to : ext . orphanage - day a gray and ugly , post - revolution building with a sign above the door that identify it : " Young comrade without Parents " . int . orphanage - day child of all age clean the cold , gray dormitory . they clothes be rag and they look underf . close on anya , 18 , pretty despite the boy 's hand - me-down clothes she be force to wear , be busy scrubbing the floor . unlike the other , she be determine not to let she surroundings get to she . she hum a tune . the door suddenly slam open and gregor , 8 , and clearly terrify , come run in follow by comrade phlegmenkof - a huge woman carry a switch . gregor anya ! anya ! all of the other kide turn away , not want to get involved . anya focus on gregor , who be shiver with fright and on the verge of tear as phlegmenkof approach , swinging the switch menacingly . phlegmenkof you can not get away from I now . . . phlegmenkof advance on gregor . anya take the scrub brush and shove it across the floor , right under phlegmenkof 's unsuspecting foot . phlegmenkof 's foot fly out from under she and she smashes to the floor . gregor hop over she huge body and run to anya for safety . some of the other kide glance over . a chubby girl and a very pretty little girl , look at anya with greeat admiration . . . someof the other think she 's crazy . phlegmenkof rise , cover with soap bubbles , and spin on anya - who give she a very innocent smile . phlegmenkof ( cont . ) you ! you do this ! some of the other child laugh as soap bubbles fly off the enraged woman . she spin on they , she back to anya . phlegmenkof ( cont . ) brat ! there will be no supper for any of you ! back to work ! anya , behind phlegmenkof , mimic she outrage face and angry gesture perfectly - as the child laugh harder . phlegmenkof spin and almost catch anya . she advance on anya as gregor hide behind she leg . anya do not touch he . phlegmenkof ( to anya ) you rag , skinny , little nothing ! I have have just about enough of you . . . phlegmenkof raise she hand to slap anya , who hold she ground . suddenly , phlegmenkof sniff the air . on the kide as the horrible smell reach they too . they all make face and hold they nose . on phlegmenkof who first sniff under she raise arm , then realize the cause of the stench . . . phlegmenkof ( cont . ) comrade serebreakov ! she try to straighten herself out nervously - this must be someone very important . comrade serebreakov stand in the doorway , lecherously eyeing the girl . he be a huge , fleshly man with facial feature which be reminiscent of a fish . phlegmenkof ( cont . ) ( flirt ) comrade serebreakov ! what a lovely surprise ! what bring you here ? serebreakov I need . . . a worker . his eye catch anya . he look she up and down , he beady eye show a touch of lust for she . serebreakov ( cont . ) I will take she . he lean close close to anya . serebreakov ( cont . ) tomorrow you begin you life 's work in my hearing factory . you will start by cut off the tail - but if I be pleased with ( more ) serebreakov ( cont . ) you - you just may move up to cut off the head . how do that sound ? anya about as bad as you smell ! phlegmenkof move between they , pull serebreakov away . phlegmenkof no , no , comrade - you do not want she . . . serebreakov I want she . phlegmenkof that 's horrible , skinny thing ?! she 's crazy - she have no memory of anything before she come here ! she do not even know she name ! that one be a rotten troublemaker , willful . . . serebreakov I will break she will . . . ( to anya ) I shall come for you tomorrow at dawn . ( he touch she face as she pull away ) you will enjoy serve under I . smiling in anticipation , he exit . phlegmenkof I could not break you - but he can ! and she turn to leave in a huff . anya do one more imitation of she , make the child laugh . but as anya turn away from she audience , we see she facade fade and realize she terror of the future . int . orphanage - night the child huddle in they cot under tatter , thin blanket . anya be fully dress , illuminate by the light of a full moon , she tie a dull gray sheet together and anchor the " rope " to a ice cold radiator and throw the other end out of the window . she be about to climb out when she look at the sleep child and smile sadly . she walk over to gregor 's bed and put one hand lovingly on he head and then reach over and take the hand of a sleep little girl , who open she eye and smile . gregor ( loudly ) anya ? the other childern wake up as anya gently " shush " he . gregor ( cont . ) ( quietly ) be you run away ? anya no. I be run to . little girl running to ? running to what ? anya to find my home . a chubby twelve year old girl look at anya . chubby girl but you be home . anya no . this be not a home - it 's just a building . Home be where you belong and none of we belong here . gregor where be you home , anya ? anya I be not sure but look . . . anya show gregor the key around she neck . close up on the inscription : " together in Paris " anya it say " together in Paris " . I be wear this when I come here ten year ago - it 's the only way that I know . . . anya ( cont . ) ( beat ) . . . that I must have be someone someone love . chubby girl be you home in Paris ? anya it might be . I have to go and find out . anya smile lovingly at the child . " a someplace and a someone " ( anya 's " I want " song ) . anya sing softly to the child about how all she have be the key around she neck to the " someone and thesomeplace " she be " lose from long ago " . she tell the child that she must go find they again . underscore continue . anya I have to go now , before it get light . gregor ( worried ) but what if we can not ever find where we come from ?! anya then you will have to make you own home . lot of people do . anya embrace the child and walk to the window . gregor ( nervous , sad ) anya ! what if we can not find anyone who love we ?! anya then come find I . gregor be relieved and cuddle into he bed as anya smile lovingly and crawl out the window . ext . orphanage - night anya begin to climb down the street , testing the knot . the knotshold tight , but the old sheet rip in half , send she plummeting into a snow drift . from the depth of the snow we hear she voice . anya ( o.c. ) I hope there 's no snow in Paris . . . ext . hillside - dawn a glorious bright ( and cold ) dawn creep over the horizon . anya stand at edge of the hill , look down on the city of ST. petersburg . the old gray orphanage loom behind she . anya " borrow " a old , beat - up bicycle from the orphanage and ride down the hill . Music pick up in energy and excitement as anya zoom on she way bump and bounce downhill as the sunrise and St. Petersburg loom nearer . " a someone and a someplace " ( cont . ) Music become uptempo , hopeful , active , active . anya sing - - full of hope , energy and excitement as she peddl she rickety bike toward the city . " her heart be on its way " and nothing be go to stop she . anya pass though the countryside toward the city . a peasant family wave to she as she go by . a gypsy troupe perform trick by the side of the road . a very fancy car zoom by . " a someone and a someplace " ( cont . ) anya sing , imagine who she might be -- anyone from a peasant to a princess ! but it do not matter as long as she find she real family . people stare at she as she ride into the edge of the city . she be captivate by all the activity : car , buss , store , long line of people , etc . " a someone and a someplace " ( cont . ) anya sing -- in this sea face , there must be someone who have a clue to she identity . she will stop at nothing to find the someone who once love she . soaring musical and vocal conclusion . end musical number anya do not see a cute little puppy ( meetoo ) with a huge bone in he mouth , be chase along the sidewalk by a pack of much larger , vicious dog until he bolt across anya 's path force she to skid to a stop . she watch he as he scoot into a alley , follow by the angry pack . on reflex , anya drop the bike and reun into the alley after he . ext . alley - day meetoo be trap . the pack surround he , ready to pounce when anya leap into the middle of the circle . the pack be startle , but begin to advance on both anya and meetoo . anya do not know what to do . she crouch and then . . . growl back at they , make she eye look as ferocious as possible . the pack exchange a confuse look ; there 's a girl growl at they . meetoo stand , suddenly brave , behind she and growl along with she . suddenly , anya pounce toward the pack , growl louder . the pack have definately have enough - some start to back out quizzically , other turn and run like hell . anya turn to meetoo , who look up at she gratefully , wag he tail . anya pick up the bone and put it back in he mouth . anya I think you should be more careful about who you invite to dinner ! meetoo nod and let out a little " bark " that sound as if he be say " retum " . anya pat he and head back to she bike . ext . ST . petersburg STREET - day anya ride down the street . she do not see meetoo , run like a little maniac behind she . anya approach a stern looking build with a sign over the door : " the people 's Bureau of bureaucracy " . she leap off she bike and head up the stais . meetoo , breathe heavily from he run , follow and almost reach she when the heavy door slam in he face . he slump against it , panting , he little paw - to chest . int . bureau of bureaucracy - day anya enter and stop when she see . . . line and line of people which seem to go on forever . she walk down the side of one line , try to figure out which one to stand in . anya could someone tell I . . . peasant 1 end of the line ! anya which line ? peasant 2 any line . peasant 3 all line be good line . peasant 1 , 2 , &amp ; 3 ( in unison ) in we beloved Soviet Union ! they turn toward a armed Soviet Guard and smile sweetly , hope he hear they flattery . he do . guard very good . . . he jot something down in he notebook . on anya as she get closer to the window . she turn to the person behind she . anya be this the right line to get papers to travel ? peasant 4 Travel ? Travel to where ? anya to Paris . I have to get to Paris peasant 5 , in front of she , turn around . peasant 5 Paris ?! what do they have in Paris that they do not have here ? peasant 6 shorter line ?! peasant 6 be immediately carte off by two armed guard for he blasphamy against the state . peasant 7 ( quietly ) nobody leave Soviet Russia . the other peasant join in with variation of " nobody leave Russia " as anya reach the window and speak to the clerk . anya be this where I get travel papers ? clerk it would be if we let you travel which we do not so it be not . ( loudly , for all to hear ) Russia be the people 's paradise ! and to further make he point , he slam shut he window , which immediately open a crack as he whisper to anya . clerk ( cont . ) see dmitri . he can help . he shut the window , only to open it again immediately . clerk ( cont . ) but you do not hear it from I . he shut the window . anya ( do not get it ) I do not he open it again . clerk no . the clerk stick out a sign : " samovar break - back in ten minute " and slam the window shut . ext . bureau of bureaucracy anya step out of the building , still not see meetoo and look around at the hoard of people wait in line for everything : bread , gas , clothes , etc . anya ( to herself ) dmitri ? there must be a million dmitris . . . follow anya as she wade into the crowded street . meetoo get tangle in the leg of wait Soviets . anya stop suddenly . she sniff the air . her eye widen as she recognize the stench that be float through the air . she spin around and see serebreakov directly across the STREET . serebreakov be on a mission to find anya . he turn in she direction just as a bus pass . anya be go . we now see anya cling to the side of the bus as it drive down the street . meetoo look , he face drop - he know he will never catch up to she now . then he see the bus hit a huge pothole and anya be knock off into the mud . happily , meetoo trot off in she direction . anya approach two peasant who be wait in line in front of a cafe . peasant 9 ( to peasant 10 ) which line be this ? peasant 10 the line to get into the line . anya Excuse I , do you know dmitri . . . peasant 9 I know nothing ! peasant 10 nothing ! peasant 9 &amp ; 10 ( whisper simultaneously ) try the tavern / library . they begin to bicker back and forth in force whisper as to whether dmitri be at the tavern or the library . exasperate , anya walk away . they call after she . peasants9&amp ; 10 but we do not tell you ! anya roll she eye in frustration . she do not see meetoo at she foot . anya ( to herself ) I wish they would all stop tell I they do not tell I ! meetoo give a " retum " of agreement . anya look down and see he . anya ( cont . ) what be you do . . . just then , she catch another whiff of something foul in the air . anya duck quickly into a doorway and lose meetoo . anya peek out . a garbage wagon full of dead fish and rotten food pass anya . she sigh with relief , it be not serebreakov - it just smell like he . anya step out of the doorway and approach a STREET artist sketching a large peasant woman as she tiny husband look over he shoulder . tiny husband ( to artist ) could you get rid of she moustache ? anya Excuse I - I be look for a man name dmitri . . . the artist quickly scribbles and address on he pad and hand it to she without turn around . artist but I do not write it . anya look down at the note close on note " St. Petersburg Art theatre - 99 pushkin Street " dissolve to a sign " pushkin Street " camera pan to : ext . ST . petersburg art theatre - day where we hear a cacophony of female voice as the camera move inside . int . ST . petersburg art theatre the wait room be fill with young women , of various shape and size , hold read aloud from a piece of paper . we hear many variation of " oh , grandmama ! it 's I , anastasia . I have wait so long to see you " . int . stage a actress stand in front of what look to be a old woman in a shawl who 's back be to the " audience " . actress 1 ( over the top ) oh , grandmama ! it 's I , anastasia ! I have wait so long to see you ! the actress then lumber over to the old woman , with a gait like John Wayne . reverse angle to see the " Old woman " be Vladimir , with a shawl over he head . he look older , of course , but with the same dapper mustache . he roll he eye . vladimir ( out to audience ) dmitri ! I can not work with she ! ( more ) vladimir ( cont . ) ( to actress ) May I remind you that you be suppose to be princess - not a lazy lumber lout ! in the seat be dmitri . now 20 and darkly handsome . his hair still fall in he eye as he flip it off he forehead . dmitri Vladimir , calm down ! Vladimir walk off the stage and toward dmitri . vladimir this , my friend , as a exercise in futility ! we shall never find a girl to play the princess anastasia out of this motley crew of commoner ! Vladimir dramatically throw one end of he shawl over he shoulder . dmitri for a ten million ruble reward we can look a little longer . this be the big one . . . and all I need be the right girl . " a someone and a someplace " ( reprise ( dmitri 's " I want " ) dmitri sing a reprise of anya 's song , a comic version , in which he express the hope that he can find the right girl for he scam . anyone from a peasant to a princess will do , as long as she can fool tatiana . ( note : we do not want to give dmitri a whole new song here or we will be too song - heavy in Act I . by give he a short reprise of anya 's song , we can effectively align this two character emotionally . ) quick cut : of various aspirant : actress 2 ( heavy hasal ) oh , grandmama ! it 's I , anastasia . I have wait so long to see you . dmitri ( o.c. ) next ! actress 3 ( stupid ) oh. . . grandmama it 's I . anastasia , I have wait so long , too . ( as a good - bye ) see you ! dmitri ( o.c. ) next ! actress 4 look like a hooker and sound like mae West . actress 4 oh. . . grandmama . . . it 's I . . . dmitri ( o.c. ) next ! back to dmitri dmitri I would not be on the outside anymore . the ten million ruble would make I welcome anywhere . I would really belong somewhere - if I could just find the right girl . back to quick cut : a very round actress 5 actress 5 oh , grandmama . . . dmitri ( o.c. ) next ! actress 6 ( very intense ) what 's my modivation ? on vladimir vladimir ( call out to seat ) stanislavski ! CUT to stanislavski shrug innocently . dmitri ( o.c. ) next ! actress 7 be actually a man . actress 7 oh. . . on dmitri in a state of disbelief . dmitri I have gotta find the right girl ! end musical number dmitri next . ext . ST . petersburg art theatre anya ride up to front of the theatre and drop she bike . she rush the step . int . theatre now empty as dmitri and Vladimir be gather up they thing to leave . Vladimir still wear the remnant of the evening clothes that he worein the first scene . vladimir it 's no use , dmitri - we will never find the right girl ! dmitri we will . we have to . ( try to cheer he up ) come on , vlad - she 's out there . they walk out the door . ext . ST . petersburg art theatre - continuous dmitri she could be right under we nose anya be run up the stair as dmitri walk out and they collide : she forehead bang dmitri literally under he nose . dmitri grab he upper lip in pain . dmitri ( over reacting ) ouch ! that really hurt ! anya I be sorry . . . I be . . . dmitri that 's quite a hard head you have get there , boy . in she old hand - me-down boy clothes andhat pull low , she could easily be mistaken for a boy . anya ( breathless ) I be look for dmitri . I need travel papers - to Paris . I hear dmitri could help I . Vladimir and dmitri exchange a look . . . wary . . . dmitri look around and motion to Vladimir to handle it while he walk ahead nonchalantly . vladimir who do you hear it from ? anya I hear it from everyone who say I do not hear it from they ! do you know dmitri ? dmitri keep walk ahead follow by Vladimir . anya be determine not to give up and keep up with Vladimir even though she keep get bump and pull off track by people walk in the opposite direction . vladimir ( loudly , act ) provide travel papers be illeagal ! ( then , quietly ) I know dmitri well - perhaps I can help you . providd you have enough money to pay for this service . . . anya well , I do not have any money . . . vladimir good day ! Vladimir pat she on the head and walk away . anya I have a bike ! perhaps I could sell it and . . . Vladimir keep walk , catch up to dmitri . anya run back around to the front of the building where she leave she bike . she stop suddenly when she realize that there be no bicycle there anymore - just meetoo . anya ( cont . ) what be you do here ? and where 's my bike ? a policeman stroll by . anya ( cont . ) Officer ! my bike have be steal ! policeman nonsense . there be no crime in the Soviet Socialist Republic . and he keep walk . anya realize that there be no hope in pursue the policeman so she head off to find Vladimir - who have vanish down the street . meetoo start to follow she . anya sorry , boy , I have to go . meetoo bark " retum " and start after she . anya ( cont . ) no . you can not come with I . I be leave . . . meetoo bark he " retum " and start after she again . anya ( cont . ) ( laugh ) it sound like you be say " I too " . listen little guy , I have money , no food . . . and no bicycle . I be the last person you should be follow ! anya pat he on the head and head off in the direction of vlad and dmitri . meetoo , of course , follow she . further down the STREET anya spot Vladimir and dmitri turn the corner in the distance . anya run , try to catch up with they . she turn the corner and stop . anya' Pov the palace in the distance , only now it 's run down , board up and partially burn . anya be take back . she stare , fascinate by it - move by it . as the sun set behind the Palace , it 's bath in a beautiful golden light . int . palace bedroom - night close on a roaring fire , over which Vladimir have fasion a roatating " spit " which be propel by a Victrola . Vladimir be carefully basting the only thing on the spit : a head of cabbage . dmitri be sit by the window , stare at the music BOX that anastasia drop the night of the revolution . vladimir . . . even if we find she , what make you think the Empress will even see we ? dmitri hold up the music box . dmitri she will see we . ext . palace at ST . petersburg - night anya approach , tentative and glance around . she try to open the door but it will not budge , so she move to a board up window . she look through a crack in a board . int . ballroom Dark and eerie . all of it 's former glory destroy . camera rise to a partially destroy chandlier ehere we see bartok , the bat who be with rasputin . he hang upside down next to a female bat . he clear he throat - she do not respond . use he wing , he give he " hair : a quick groom . bartok you , uhh . . . hang here often ? ( laugh nervously ) " hang " get it ? I say " hang " and we be both , you know , cause we be bat . . . and , uhhh . . . what 's you sign ? no reaction from female bat . ext . palace anya use a stick to pry off some of the window board . we hear a crack . int . palace bedroom same crack noise from downstairs just as Vladimir 's cabbage fall from the spit into the fire . dmitri ( off noise ) what be that ? vladimir that be you dinner ! I do hope there be no cabbage in Paris ! int . ballroom bartok whatta ' ya say we go somewhere - maybe get a bug to eat . get it ? a " bug " to eat , ' cause we be . . . female bat roll she eye in disgust and flap away . bartok ( cont . ) ( one last try ) I be a Gemini . . . he hear the SOUND of board be tear off the window . bartok' high angle Pov anya climb into the ballroom . int . SMALL room meetoo manage to wiggle in after she and follow anya as she wander around , spell bound by the fade glory of the palace . int . dine room anya wander into the partially destroy room and bend down to inspect half of a break plate that 's lie on the floor . the instant she touch it , she pull she hand away as if shocked . recovering , she pick it up . close on plate paint with decorative dance Russian bear . anya wander out of the room and to the top of a huge staircase which lead down to the once grand ballroom . she stop at a large landing half way down the step . meetoo see a large curtain hang precariously on the side wall . be a puppy he can not resist leaping and grab at it with he tooth . anya notice and run she hand along a the carve butterfly in the wear banister . on anya who jump , startle , as meetoo pull the curtain and it hit the floor . int . palace bedroom dmitri and Vladimir look up from they burnt cabbage . they hear it too . int . staircase ( ballroom ) anya be relieved to see it be only meetoo , who wag he tail happily with the curtain still in he mouth . anya what be you do . . . anya stop mid sentence , take by what she see . anya' Pov behind the curtain be the frieze of the romanov family . the moonlight hit the portrait with a ghostly glow . " once upon a december " ( the music BOX theme ) anya be mesmerize by the frieze . she look around the ballroom . . . almost remember something . . . anya ( sing ) dancing bear , painted wing thing I almost remember . and a song someone sing once upon a december as she sing the ballroom transform into it 's once spledid glory . anya take off she coat and at once she rag be transformed into a beautiful gown . nicholas step down from the frieze and walk she down the stair gracefully and begin a waltz with she . anya ( cont . ) someone hold I safe and warm horse prance through a silver STORM figure dancing gracefully across my memory . music build . a chorus of voice sing the melody as royal ghost appear as elegant and beautiful as in the open scene . then anya ( cont . ) someone hold I safe and warm horse prance through a silver STORM figure dancing gracefully across my memory . music : full ! dmitri and Vladimir appear at the top of the stair . dmitri &amp ; vladimir' Pov some rag lunatic dance with " himself " . anya ( cont . ) far away , long ago glowing dim as a ember , thing my heart used to know thing it yearn to remember anya be release from Nicholas ' embrace . he kiss she on the forehead and slowly back away . she follow Nicholas , back up the stair to the landing , where the sun have cause a " dust " mist . then , magically , tatiana appear through the mist , a loving beautiful vision from the past . anya ( cont . ) and a song someone sing once upon a december . dmitri ( o.c. ) ( yell ) who be you ?! end number dmitri 's voice cause the visage to disintegrate . all go back to the way it be - dark and destroy . anya spin toward dmitri , surprised and frighten . dmitri' Pov anya be catch in a ray of moonlight , directly in front of the image of anastasia in the frieze . the resemblance be strike . dmitri be take aback , but Vladimir be unaffected . vladimir you be trespasp , boy ! anya be daze by what have just happen to she and can not quite refocus on reality . anya i. . . i. . . speak to you earlier about travel paper . . dmitri poke Vladimir with he elbow but do not take he eye off anya . dmitri ( whisper to vlad ) it 's she . vladimir he 's she ? dmitri look ! Vladimir look at anya again and get it . anya be you dmitri ? I do not mean to trespass - I do not want to do anything dishonest , but if you could just help help I . . . Vladimir and dmitri walk down the stair and up she stair and begin to circle around she . vladimir perhaps you hear of we brilliant plan to find a girl and . . . dmitri poke he hard in the rib and shake he head . dmitri ( quietly to vlad ) she do not want to do anything " dishonest " . . . vladimir ( get it , whisper ) ew. . . the honest type . dmitri give vlad a " let I handle this " gesture . dmitri ( off frieze ) you look like she . like the princess anastasia . have anyone ever tell you that before ? anya be come back to she sense , do not like this man circle she . anya ( sarcastic ) oh , yeah - in the orphanage they constantly tell I I look like a princess ! stop that ! dmitri stop circle and then begin to use everything that anya say - the perfect and charming con man that he be - to get what he want . dmitri people say anastasia be the only member of the Royal family to escape alive . that make she a orphan too ( more ) dmitri ( cont . ) ( beat ) what happen to you parent ? anya I do not know - I do not remember anything that happen before the revolution . . . dmitri you know , it 's strange - anastasia 's grandmother , the dowager Empress tatiana have be look for anastasia since the revolution . why do you think she would not go to she own grandmother ? anya I do not know . I do not see what this have to do with I . dmitri perhaps it 's because she have amnesia too - can not remember . . . vladimir how much do you weigh ? dmitri poke he again . vladimir ( cont . ) ( to dmitri ) I be just wonder since we already have the dress . . . anya look , I come here to get papers to travel to Paris and . . . dmitri why do you want to go to Paris ? anya ( defiant ) I have my reason . dmitri anastasia 's grandmother be in Paris . we be go to bring anastasia to she - in Paris . ( more ) dmitri ( cont . ) ( beat ) and I think you be the princess anastasia . anya laugh . vlad mouth to dmitri " do you think she 's really anastasia ? " dmitri shake he head no , of course not , then continue with anya . vlad smile to himself and walk down the stair - dmitri 's so good even he get confuse ! dmitri ( con 't ) you never think of the possibility ? anya look - there be not a orphan in the world who do not dream she 's a princess but , come on . . . look at I ! dmitri spin spin around , dramatically point to anastasia 's image in the freeze . dmitri no ! you look at her ! look at her ! ( beat , then softly ) it could be you . underscore : " the music BOX theme " anya fiddle with the key around she neck and look down at the ballroom , remember what just happen there - could it have be a memory . . . dmitri try to act casual as he turn and start walk down the stair . dmitri ( cont . ) you do not have anything to lose . if I be wrong - the Empress will simply tell we you be not anastasia and we will be on we way . no harm do - a honest mistake - but at least you will be in Paris . anya touch anastasia 's paint hand in the frieze . anya ( sing in a whisper ) thing my heart used to know thing it yearn to remember . . . dmitri look at anya , she back toward he , as he raise he arm to she . dmitri find out the truth - come to Paris with we . anya expression register she internal debate . what be it 's true . . . it coud not be . . . but if . . . then , anya all right . I will go with you . meetoo let 's out he " retum " . Vladimir let out a whoop of joy . dmitri smile and bow to anya .. dmitri the her Royal highness princess anastasia ! on bartok have watch the whole thing - he sigh . bartok oy . . . he 's gonna be so mad . . . bartok fly out a break window and into the night . ext . aerial view of ST . petersburg - night bartok' Pov the city light fade and we move into the blackness of the Russian forest . finally , in the distance , we see the orange glow of a fire . ext . gypsy camp - night bartok swoops along the wagon . everyone look to be asleep . bartok keep fly until he see a ominous looking black wagon , the large and most elaborate . bartok screw up he courage and fly into the open window of the black wagon anya ( sing in a whisper ) thing my heart used to know thing it yearn to remember ... dmitri look at anya , she back toward he , as he raise he arm to she . dmitri find out the truth - come to Paris with we . anya expression register she internal debate . what if it 's true ... it could not be ... but if ... then , anya all right . I will go with you . meetoo let out he " retum " . Vladimir let out a whoop of joy . dmitri smile and bow to anya . dmitri the her Royal highness princess anastasia ! on bartok have watch the whole thing - he sigh . bartok oy . . . he 's gonna be so mad ... bartok fly out a break window and into the night . ext . aerial view of ST . petersburg - night bartok' Pov the city light fade and we move into the blackness of the Russian forest . finally , in the distance . we see the orange glow of a fire . ext . gypsy camp - night bartok swoops along the wagon . everyone look to be asleep . bartok keep fly until he see a onious looking black wagon , the large and most elaborate . bartok screw up he courage and fly into the open window of the black wagon . int . rasputin' wagon a lone candle light the dark wagon . a frighten bartok , stay on the window sill . bartok ummm ... Father gregori ? it 's , uhh ... I . bartok . ( a sign of relief ) phew ! not home ... rasputin 's face suddenly roar into frame from the bed below , he eye fiery red and he beard wild . rasputin what ? bartok oh my God ! ( wing to chest ) do not do that ... feel my heart . go ahead . I be die here ... rasputin ( smile ) and what do you want , my little rat-with - wing ? rasputin rise and pour himself a glass of vodka . bartok name call ! that 's mature . rasputin grab he by the throat . rasputin I give you that tongue and I can rip it out ! bartok ( strangle ) no , I really like my tongue ... we be very attach . ( rasputin release he ) oyyyy ... okay , now ... promise you will not get angry . rasputin ( sweetly ) why would I ever be angry with you , little friend ? bartok yeah , right . keep that think okay ? so , I be in town , stop by the old palace . you get a better class of bat there - no tattoo or anything . rasputin rummages around for a full bottle of vodka , toss the empty - which bartok have to dodge . bartok ( cont . ) so , I be cruisin ' the rafter and ... what can I say , I strike out . I think chick would like the fact that I can talk , you know but , I mean , the way thing be go I could not get invite to a plague . ( a bottle smashes ) someone 's gotta clean that up ... rasputin get to the point sometime tonight .. I be late for a wench . bartok okay ... you be not gonna like this but , well , it look like anastasia be ... still alive . he tense , wait for rasputin 's explosion but rasputin just laugh . rasputin impossible . that rumor 's be around for year . bartok hover face - to-face . bartok trust I , it 's she ! rasputin ( eye narrowing ) how do you know ? bartok rodent 's intuition , how do I know ? she look exactly like she . except she 's taller , which be natural ... of course my second cousin treplev - he never grow . look like a little pepper shaker . he be so cute ... rasputin begin a slow growl that build . bartok ( cont . ) oyyy ... I know this be gonna to upset he ! rasputin howl in anger and smashes he glass against the wall . he move toward the cabinet , knock over furniture . rasputin fling open the cabinet and we see the reliquary , glow gently as if it be sleep . bartok cover he eye in fear . even rasputin seem a bit nervous in front of it . rasputin ( with reverence ) source of my power . owner of my soul . I need you help . rasputin take the reliquary out of the cabinet and set it on the table . bartok hey , she 's just a kid . and she 's go to Paris outta sight , outta mind , outta Russia . rasputin I curse then all ! bartok my aunt Bella , sweet woman not the brightest bat in the world - she use to hang right side up , anyway she always say " curse be make to be break " . course , she say it in that irritate little bat squeak , so it be not quite so profound ... rasputin pull out a set of russian doll ( a small paint . hollow doll with a smaller doll inside it , and a smaller doll inside it , etc . ) the first doll bear a eerie resemblance to Nicholas . Inside the second look like alexandra , all the way down to the anastasia doll . " the end of the line " ( production number ) rasputin will have a dark , menacing , deliciously scary number in which he sing of he obsession with kill the romanovs once and for all . bartok will interject comically throughouut . as rasputin will conjure up tlis minion from the iquary and sing about romanovs finale , he send they off after anya . song to incorporate the following sentiment : rasputin the romanovs try to kill I and I swore to destroy all of they ! if she life , if she should have a child someday , the romanov family continue ! and I will not lot that happen ! this be the end of the line ! he crush the anastasia doll in he massive hand . bartok you know , this be really obsessive behavior . there be this doctor this doctor in Austria , sigmund something and he feel . . . bartok land on the table while be 's talk and he wing accidently knock the reliquary on its side and it begin to roll . rasputin you idiot rasputin make a sad leap , grab it second before it shatter on the floor . rasputin hold it up . the smokey spirit inside swirl around , moan . rasputin ( cont . ) ( to reliquary ) yess - you would all like to get out , would n ' t you ? sorry just one at a time and only when I call . rasputin spin a bartok , who we be slinki away , and slam a goblet over he . bartok' Pov from under the glass , rasputin look distort and even more horrifying . rasputin ( to bartok ) do you have any idea what would happen if that break ?! bartok ( voice under glass ) you would lose you security deposit ? rasputin ( wave reliquary ) evil , powerful being - I have they power only if I contain they , control they . if they should all be release at once ... well ... rasputin smile with he horrible yellow , decaye tooth , and lift the glass a if to whisper in bartok , a ear . rasputin ( cont . ) you don 't want to be around if that happens ! the volume of rasputin 's voice rattles bartok around the inside of the glass . rasputin focus on the reliquary . rasputin ( con 't. ) ( to reliquary ) where be she ? where be princess anastasia ... Inside the reliquary the awoke begin to mow suddenly , the smoke explode in a burst and form into the smoke from a train engine . as the reliquary picture broaden , we see a train and anya , dmitri and Vladimir all hurry to catch it . rasputin ( cont . ) she have friend . no matter ... bartok look desperate under glass . he trio to topple the glass prism by jump up but just cook he head . bartok ohhh , that be dumb ... bartok ( cont . ) ( call to rasputin ) hello , I have get really terrible claustrophobia . that 's why I could never live in a cave ... rasputin give he attention only to the reliquary . rasputin finish my prophecy ... smoke begin to pour out of the reliquary . asput almost giddy with the think of finish ambition , laugh hysterically . bartok ew , I hate when he do this ! as rasputin swirl he arm the smoke begin to form into minion . all look human at first , but then we see minion one , have the body of a human and a head of a jackal , minion two have the face of a woman and the claw of a TIGER , and minion - the most horrible of all - have a huge bear- like body with the head of a vulture . all wear long cape with hood . rasputin she be not to get off that train ... alive ! rasputin kick open the wagon door and leap outside . the minion , still fill out into form , follow . one of the wisp of smoke , like a tail , swishes by and knock over bartok 's glass prism , freeing he . ext . gypsy camp - night rasputin release he black horse who stoup - and whinny , man ing something bad , as two minion float on to they the other fly ahead of than . rasputin go ! I do not care what you do with the other but finish the girl ! killlll herrrrr ! ( sinister ) and have fun ... the minion take off . rasputin laugh wildy . end musical number int . tatiana's study , paris - day close on tatiana's hand cover she face . slowly drop she hand down to reveal a older , sad tatiana . tatiana take she away , Sophie . pull back to reveal a young woman stand in front of bar desk . tatiana have not anything better to do than to break my heart . Sophie usher the now ashamed young woman to the door . the young woman look amazing like anya except that she hair be long and she clothes be now . she walk with a certain regal grace until she pass through the doorway - out of tatiana 's sight - and she posture " question - mark " and she lope out . tatiana ( cont . ) ( quietly ) no more . so more ... Sophie . heavier and larger bottome than ten year earlier , speak quickly - without ev er breathe , in a high pitch nervous chitter . sophie ( very rapidly ) oh , oh ... I must say . I think that one be bar - i be just so shocked that she be not real well , she be real , I mean she be human , of course . but not we real . I must say , even my sister be touch by she yes - yes they be ... xenia and estelle , as pinch and skinny as Sophie in " full " , do not appear to ever have be " touch " by anything ( or anyone ) . sophie ( cont . ) ... move to tear of joy ! we will not be for oole next time , girl ! I be a go to think of really hard question ... tatiana ( stop Sophie with a raise of she hand ) no , Sophie . my heart can not take it anymore ! I will see no more girl claim to be anastasia . tatiana walk sadly out of the room . ext . tram station - morning anya and metoo doze near a fire along with the other peasant wait for the train . dmitri look over Vladimir 's shoulder nervously watch he forging they travel papers . dmitri hurry up with that papers . vladimir would you have lean over rembrant 's shoulder and tell he to paint faster ? Vladimir look at dmitri 's anxious face . vladimir ( cont . ) you probably would . ( hand he the papers ) they be still wet . a train whistle slow and vlad move to anya . vladimir ( cont . ) wake up , young lady , that 's we train . dmitri ( correct ) " wake up , you highness " - we should start get use to say it . vladimir what a world - a man who be in my position in society be call a peasant ' you highness " . dmitri lean over and tug anya 's hair lightly . dmitri ( to anya ) wake up ! anya 's eye flash open and - totally on reflex - she belt dmitri in the nose . ditri reel back , land on he butt - Vladimir observe ruefully . vladimer we have a lot of work to do ... ext . train platform - second later Vladimir , use he ample belly , bump people out of the way as they head for the train . vlad climb on just as it start up , follow by dmitri . dmitri turn back and reach out he hand to help anya up . but she freeze ... just stand there , not run . anya' Pov dmitri come on ! dmitri on the train , he band extend - just like tatiana 's be . although anya can not quite remember , something about this terrify bar . she snap out of it when meetoo nip she ankle . anya look down and see the puppy , pick he up and run for the train . dmitri take my hand ! anya put meetoo into he hand and jump on without touch he . int . train compartment the compartment be jammed with traveler . suitcase and package balanced precariously . dmitri sit down and carefully touch he painful noso . dmitri do you always punch people first thing in the morning ? anya sorry - it 's a reflex . live in a orphanage if someone bother you - you automatically come up swinging . dmitri I be not bother you . I be try to wake you up ! over anya' shoulder , out of the window . we see the three minion on horseback charge down a snow cover hill toward the train . anya by pull my hair ?! dmitri I be all out of dynamite ! dmitri touch he nose again . anya open the window and grab some snow . we see the minion racing wildly to catch up with the train . as the scene continue , we see the minion , by one , get close to the train and then disappear from view - only they riderless horse ride away . anya ( hand dmitri the snow ) put it on you nose . for heaven 's sake , you be make such a fuss ! dmitri try to act very manly as he put the ice on he nose , but cringe with the cold . anya smile . anya ( to herself ) Men be such baby ... a elderly woman load with package cone into the compartment . anya immediately rise to help she . anya here , let I dmitri and vlad both pull she back down . dmitri you be a princess ... vladimir royalty do not help people with they luggage . anya give they both a look and help the woman . vladimir well , she certainly have a mind of she own . dmitri yes . and I hate that in a woman . vlad hold meotoo , who be enthralled and play with Vladimir 's droop mustache , like a kitten with a string . the compartment door swing open and a ominous looking guard stride in ! guard paper ! everyone rustle for they papers . dmitri confidently pull out they papers , do in beautiful black ink . then , he glance at the person next to he and see that he papers be do in a bright red ink . dmitri look over at Vladimir - who have see the mistake as well . vladimir ( sheepishly ) it 's what I hate about this government - everything in red ! the guard hand papers back to a soulful look man with a freeze beard . guard thank you , comrade Zhivago . zhivago Doctor Zhivago . guard approach vlad and dmitri . vladimir what do we do now ? dmitri pray he 's color-blind ... dmitri flash the Guard a charming smile as he hand over he papers . Vladimir be nervously play with he mustache until it stand out straight . anya have no idea what 's go on . guard wait here . as the Guard head out of the compartment , vlad turn to dmitri and they exchange a " oh , no " look . int . corridor , another car the minion , hood pull low , push they way through the passengers in search of anastasia . int . corridor dmitri spot the guard confer with the guard over the papers . anya poke bar head out . anya I be go to stretch my leg dmitri that 's a good idea - a great idea - stretch you leg ( point the opposite direction of the guard ) ... stretch then that way . anya look at he like he 's crazy and walk away . anya ( to herself ) I must have hit he harder than I think ... dmitri run back in and grab he SMALL backpack . he pull vlad , carry meetoo , out off the compartment anya have a load on they as they follow . int train compartment - day the guard burst in , ready for a arrest . in the background , the hood minion pass . the Guards , see empty seat , head back out . int . train corridor - another car anya look out the window as the country side fly by and smile . int . corridor the Guards spot three figure at the far end of the car . guard that 's they ! come on ! they run after who they think be the fugitive . the Guard grab a minion and spin he around . it 's minion three , who come face - to- beak with he and let out a horrendous screech , cause the other minion to turn around . the Guards scream and reel backward , push and shove each other to get out of the way the minion proceed up the corridor , minion two , spot anya look out the window . he grab she . palling she viciously to the other minion . she spin around - it be not anya - it 's a seriously ugly woman . the minion now scream and reel back in horror . int . corridor - simultaneous dmitri and Vladimir catch up to anya and grab she in each arm , load bar down the hall we hear the minion scream from the next car . ext . between car anya . dmitri and vlad step out on a platform and see there be no place leave to run . only the engine be ahead of they . dmitri wait here ! he leap up gracefully , grab the edge of the roof , and pull&amp ; himself up . anya ( to vlad ) would you like to tell what we be ... as dmitri 's head , upside down , appear from the roof . dmitri come on up ! anya why ? Vladimir pick anya from up from tobehind and hoist she up to dmitri . she holler . ext . train roof anya be pull up by dmitri , with a force that knock they both over anya on top . a awkward moment . anya roll off he as dmitri try to catch the breath she knock out of he . anya just what do you think you be do ?! dmitri try ... to ... breathe ... suddenly , meetoo appear , as if he be fly and lot out a little " retum " . Vladimir have toss he up and dmitri catch he , band he to anya , and reach down to Vladimir . int . corridor though the window the minion see Vladimir 's leg as he 's be lift . int . roof of train dmitri struggle to get vlad to the roof but he 's lose he grasp . anya put meetoo down and reach to help the dangle vlad . even meetoo help by pull a Vladimir 's scarf . ext . platform minion one grab for Vladimir 's leg , just as they disappear . ext . roof of train dmitri and anya let out a sigh of relief as vlad in safe , but it 's short live as they both simultaneously lot out a yell . dmitri &amp ; anya' Pov : a tunnel rapidly approach . they hit the deck , vlad on he back between anya and dmitri . anya and dmitri exchange a quick look as the tunnel get closer - Vladimir 's stomach be stick up too high to clear the tunnel . they reach up together and push down on he big belly , cause he eye to bulge on the side of the train the minion , now climb up the side be plunge into total darkness . on the roof light hit as the train come out of the tunnel . vlad let out a gasp as they release he belly . just then a minion hand reach up over the edge . dmitri assume it 's a Guard . dmitri the guard ! ( anya give he a lack ) I will explain later . anya and vlad follow dmitri toward the back of the train . on the minion now on the roof , see they prey in short distance . on anya and the other run , without look back . jump from car to car , pass meetoo like a football . vladiair make a huge run leap into the air ... int . train compartment as all passengers react to Vladimir 's bulk hit and dent the coiling . ext . roof of train the train whistle erupt and anya glance back to see she pursuer just as they be envelop in the thick black smoke of the engine . behind they , anya can another tunnel . tunnel they drop down , this time vlad in on he stomach . anya and dmitri realize he butt will not clear the tunnel . they push it down . on the minion a the smoke disappear , the minion ' eye go wide when they realize it 's too late for they . the train roar the tunnel as the minion smash &amp ; " ' not the sift of the mountain in a colorful burst of smoke from which they be create . int . rasputin be wagon - parallel time dissolve to ext . roof of train - day rasputin stare at the scene in he reliquary , watch he well laid plan * go up in smoke " , and lot out a simmer growl . anya be stand with she hand a she hip argue with dmitri and vladiair . anya forged papers ! now , what ?! dmitri now just get off the train . anya huh ?! dmitri motion that they be go to jump . anya shake she head slowly . anya noooo .... vladimir she 's quite right , dmitri , a man of my stature should not have to dmitri shove he off the top of the train with meetoo in he arm . dmitri then put out he hand to anya . dmitri come on , we will jump together ... take my hand . dmitri turn forward and see the train be approach a high railroad bridge over a rocky ravine . it 's now or never . dmitri come on ! anya no ! with he outstretch hand , dmitri shove she off the bar . ext . countryside - day Vladimir have land in a large pile of snow . he stand , rub he bottom . vladimir I think I have hurt my ... meetoo come out of the pile of leave , rub he bottom and answer Vladimir 's with he " retum " . a short distance away , anya seem to be sit on top of a puddle - but she be not wet . suddenly , dmitri get up from underneath she , cover in snow . anya be not wet because she land on dmitri ! she jump up . dmitri you must enjoy cause I pain ! anya you should not have push we ! Vladimir and meetoo come over . vladimir be everyone all right ? anya I be fine . dmitri she 's fine ! ( limping away ) I may never walk right again , but she 's fine ... int . rasputin' wagon rasputin pace , still angry at the minion . bartok , nervous , fake a yawn and stretch . bartok well , I better get goin ' . get a busy day let all the blood rush to my head ... rasputin pull he back in , then speak to he reliquary . rasputin she 's too far away , be not she ? the reliquary glow eye . rasputin place it back in it 's cabinet . rasputin ( cont . ) yess ... we power be much stronger when be near . we must get close to she . bartok oy ... not a road trip . I get wagon sick , you know that . rasputin smack he against the wall as he stomp out of the wagon . bartok slide down the wall . bartok ( cont . ) you be absolutely right . Travel broaden you horizon ... and he hit the floor . ext . gypsy camp - might rasputin , on he obsessed mission , leap on top of the wagon as bartok , still dizzy , try to catch up . rasputin we will catch she and finish she ! ( he grab the , reign ) we ride this night ! rasputin then look down and see that there be no horse harness he give then to the begin a slow growl . bartok well , we wait this night ! ext . country - break of dawn anya be walk ahead with vladiair as dmitri follow he 's still muddy , wet and unhappy . vladimir no have a lot of work to do , anya ! come along , meetoo ! meetoo be try to catch fire fly in he mouth . vladimir ( cont . ) we have to prepare you for a audience with Sophie . anya who 's Sophie ? vladimir ( lose in warm memory ) ah ... the Lady Sophie ... the ravish first cousin , once remove , from the Empress . we must convince Sophie that you be the princess before we will be grant a meeting with the Empress ... you grandmother , I mean . anya stop dead in she track , this be the first she 's hear of this . anya what ?! dmitri , not pay attention , slam into the back of anya . anya , not hurt , turn to dmitri - who be rub he now sore shoulder . anya ( cont . ) you never say anything to I about have to prove I be a princess ! dmitri you be the princess . vladimir we be just go to refresh you memory ... anya I do not have a memory and I be not a princess ! ( look down at herself ) even if I be - no one 's ever go to believe it . I be not exactly ... anya search for the - word as she sit down next to a freeze pond . anya ( cont . ) ( sadly to herself ) ... good enough ... ( to other ) I can not go through with this ! dmitri sit next to anya and look at she reflection in the ice . dmitri what do you see ? anya' Pov she smudge face and boy 's clothes . dmitri 's hand come into frame , wipe off she face with snow and they pull she hair off she face . anya do , truly , look pretty . dmitri ( cont . ) see ? the princess be under there ... vladimir ah ! let we begin ! a possible vladimir song Vladimir would begin to sing here , tell anya that she have a lot to learn . the music would probably have a light , somewhat comedic tone , and would be just a short section of singing , which would then segue to underscore for the scene of instruction which follow . we see the three of they from behind , walk down a road - meetoo trot behind they , happily . vladimir ( cont . ) you be bear on the Adriatic sea at the summer palace , where the party and the buffet be marvelous .... ext . sleigh - day Vladimir be put icicle in anya 's hair to keep it up in a bun - she look sweet , despite she boy 's clothes . she be recite something to dmitri . anya ... and on my father 's side , there be [ this section be not ledgable ] anya think as dmitri look at a long sheet of paper , prompt she . dmitri every Russian family have one .. anya ( get it ) natasha ! natasha feastavich !- but we call she nashie fooshie ! vladimir do I tell you that ? anya you must have . ext . pig cart - day anya , dmitri and Vladimir be sit in the back of a pig cart travel down a country road . the pig be very interested as anya be point to different piece of hay which " set " she imaginary table . anya ( repeat ) ... fish fork , salad fork , meat fork and . . . ( can not remember , then exasperate ) [ this section also not ledgable ] dmitri ( hint ) it 's the best fork of all anya the dessert fork ! vladimir ( lose in a memory of rich dessert ) ah , yes ... I have always love that fork ... dmitri and anya exchange a look and then laugh , add ad lib of " we can tell " and " there 's a fork you should have skip " . this be the first time dmitri and anya have laugh together - actually the first time he 's ever see she smile . ext . port - day dmitri , who be sneaking around , pull woman 's clothes out of a suitcase that clearly be not theirs ! he take out a large , but pretty dress , a beautiful veil - and a huge brassiere , which he quickly stuff back in the suitcase - somewhat frighten . he take the dress and veil put it in he backpack and join Vladimir and anya as they admire the ship . anya what a beautiful ship ! dmitri it use to be a private yacht before the government take it over . vladimir oh , yes it be the seagoing vessel of elaborate elegance in entertaining ... ( look at dmitri and anya explain ) a party boat . it once belong to ... Vladimir honestly can not remember , anya think it 's another quiz . anya konstantin petrovich of Moscow ! dmitri and Vladimir exchange a quizzical look . no one tell she that ... meetoo spot two ugly pug dog and a distinguished elderly dowager . he run happily to play with they . she pull she dog away from meetoo . elderly dowager no , no , boy ! you do not know where he 's be ! they give he a disgust look and walk away . meetoo look a little hurt . int . hallway of the ship - night dmitri and Vladimir be stand by a close door . anya be on the other side . anya ( 0 . c. ) no ! I look ridiculous ! vladimir come out ! I can do alteration . anya ( o.c . ) you will laugh . vladimir I shant ! anya ( o.c. ) not you . him . dmitri I will not laugh - I swear ... the door open and anya come out in the blue dress dmitri steal which at least ten size too big for she . she be still wear she hair up and despite the size which actually give she a " kate moss " waifish look with she men' boot and baggy dress - the blue bring out she eye . dmitri see she and bust out laughing . anya you say you would not laugh ! dmitri it 's not you - it 's the dress ! anya storm back into the cabin and slam the door behind she . int . cabin - simultaneous action when anya storm into the cabin , she catch a glimpse of herself in the mirror . anya ( to herself ) I be never go to be .. just then , the slamm door catch the back of she dress , pull more than half of it into the door frame . she see in the mirror that the now fitte dress show a lovely woman 's figure . please , she look at herself . anya ( cont . ) well ! maybe I be ... ext . cabin door - night Vladimir and dmitri wait outside the door . the door open and anya appear , have tie the veil around the waist of the dress , make it look fitte and beautiful . dmitri and Vladimir be surprised as anya walk past they with confidence and throw they a look over she shoulder . " reprise of vladimir' song ( over montage ) the tone of the song would now change - - the older , wiser person watch as two young people be unwittingly fall in love . the tone can still be light , as be the visual here , but there would be a undercurrent of irony and romance . the song would end as anya and dmitri have they first , momentary embrace . montage : ( mos ) on deck : anya , still in she boot , walk gracefully down the deck in spite of the ship 's rock motion . dmitri and vlad can not even stand due to the motion . anya look back and flash they a smile . in there cabin : dmitri get out of the bed he 's be share with vlad and walk over , past where anya be sleep peacefully , to close the port hole against a cold wind . he close be and see 's anya - she look beautiful - he bend down to pull up she cover and she slug he . under a table : meetoo be walk around sniff foot . suddenly , he run smack into the two ugly pug dog who growl at he . he run away and finally see 's a woman 's foot and a pair of pretty feminine shoe , with heel , that she have kick off . meetoo grab they in he mouth and run . on deck : the sea be calm , but anya - wear the heele shoe for the first time - be teeter and wobble like mad . dmitri and vlad watch she with amusement . anya turn to they . on deck : dmitri have stuff he foot into the woman 's shoe and be barely able to walk as anya watch he with great vindication . ballroom : anya walk - into the ballroom , steady and graceful in she new shoe , on Vladimir 's arm and complete a perfect curtsy in front of dmitri . dmitri applaud and move down to she as she stand and smack he with she head accidently . there cabin : Vladimir be direct anya as she waltze gracefully in they sway cabin . dmitri enter and be direct to join anya . he do and they dance together , with anya clearly lead . the boat sway to the leave and anya be throw closer into dmitri 's arm . neither of they even try to readjust . end montage still in the scene Vladimir walk over to anya and nervously chatter ( he know he interrupt something ) as he lead she away from dmitri . vladimir you be a natural ! I do not know how you ever learn to dance that well ! that must have be some high class orphanage ... ext . sea - night as a storm begin to whip up , the wind start to howl and the wave become more violent . reverse angle just as a bolt of lightning strike the water , we see rasputin 's face . int . cabin - night the storm be pitching the boat wildly . Vladimir be sleep , snore loudly . meetoo , sound asleep , be slide from side of the cabin to the other . anya be look out the small port hole at the violent sea when dmitri , carry he back pack , sit on the bed next to she . dmitri I want to show you something . dmitri take out the music box and hand it to anya . she be immediately take by it , something about it ... anya it 's so beautiful ... and sad . dmitri sad ? anya lose . it feel lose . this be hers ? dmitri yeah ... well , yours . you still do not believe that you be the princess , do you ? anya I know I must have have something to do with the palace - I have have little flash of thing - but be the princess ? it do not matter as long as I find my home . dmitri well , the only thing you have get when you have get a home be a fear of lose it ! you be lucky you do not remember the revolution -- I never have much , but what I do have -- I lose . anya I be sorry . dmitri ( false bravado ) hey ! it do not matter ! you gotta make you own way in the world ! do not be sorry for I ! I be go to get what I want do not you worry ! dmitri go back over to he bed . anya see through he and know how much it all do matter to he . ext . sea cliff - night the wagon sit on the edge of a high cliff . rasputin stand on the top of he wagon , stare at the sea demonically . the jag bolt of lighten and the icy silver rain make he look all the more menace . rasputin ( low , slow ) she 's out there ... the wind part he beard and we see bartok hang upside down in it , try to stay out of the storm . bartok I be get a chest cold .. rasputin bartok ... a question . bartok I be get pneumonia . I have a fever . feel my forehead ... rasputin what do you think be the most humiliate way to die ? rasputin 's eye light up as if he just think of the answer to he own question . bartok be throw out of he beard when he make a sudden turn and leap off the wagon . bartok follow . bartok my cousin mischa , nice fellow have some dental problem - you do not want to watch he eat , let 's put it that way ... rasputin step in int . wagon - night as bartok continue , rasputin move to the reliquary 's cabinet . bartok ... anyway , a bunch of other bat be hang in the belfry - I know , cliche , but there you have it , and mischa , not the brightest bat in the world , decide to hang in the bell . which be fine for awhile until it start ringing ... ( shiver ) ewwww , what a mess ... rasputtn ( to reliquary ) show she to I ... bartok and it do not help the tonal quality of the bell , either . image , horrifying and frightening , begin to spin into a small tornado . rasputin throw open the door and the tornado burst out streaking across the water . ext . sea cliff - night rasputin follow tornado to the cliff and watch as it disappear into the horizon of the water . lightn and thunder crash as he laugh maniacally . int . cabin - night which be sway with the storm . pan past Vladimir , snore , he now limp mustache flopping wildly and past dmitri , sleep restlessly . move to anya , who seem quite content . from under the door smoky image silently slither . they float across the cabin and swirl around anya . close on : anya 's close eye as the smoky image seem to enter she head . she smile in she sleep and we be in anya' dream . . . ext . forest - day anya , in a beautiful white dress , be walk peacefully through a sunny part of a lovely forest on a spring day . she reach down to pick some pretty flower , then look up as it seem to get dark ... ominous looking cloud cover the sun . anya reach down for another flower when she hear a growl . anya spin to see a enormous bear emerge from the tree . ( all the animal in the dream sequence have a slight resemblance to rasputin . ) anya be freeze with fear as more bear emerge and head straight for she . she try to back away as the beautiful flowers grow long and horrible thorns and wrap around she ankle , impede she escape . it get darker as the bear eye , glow yellow , multiply and move closer . anya pull free of the flower and rush to the safety of a large tree she climb the tree and escapesthe bear . look down , from she perch on a sturdy branch , the ground seem mile away . suddenly , the branch jolt she and almost fall , she hold on to it tightly . but the branch turn in toward her - no longer a tree branch , but a huge ugly snake with red eye and huge fang that come right for she ! anya leap to another branch , which also turn into a snake . she jolt backward and begin to fall ... toward a hundre yellow eye , fifty blood red mouth and thousand of sharp teeth . as anya fall , she let out a silent scream . a burst of sunlight as anya land in a field of soft golden wheat . unharm and very relieved , she stand and look around at the beautiful sunny wheat field . int . cabin reality . anya 's eye be close as she smile in she sleep and sit up in bed . tiny wisp of smoke still swirl around she head . as she get out of bed , she unintentionally step on meetoo 's tail , waking he . meetoo watch as the sleep anya open the cabin door and walk out . meetoo rise to follow anya but the ship pitch , send he slide across the cabin floor . ext . deck - night anya walk out on the deck , the ship pitching violently in the storm , as she smile . in her dream anya be walk through the wheat field to the edge of a bluff . a few yard below the bluff , anya see a beautiful little pond where a family frolic 's in the clear water ; laugh , splash , swime happily . anya climb over a low flowering wall to look closer . pull back reality : anya have climb over the railing of the deck and be look into the black ocean ... smile . dissolve to : a smoky image of the same scene it 's rasputin' Pov as he watch he plan unfold in the reliquary . int . cabin meetoo finally rights himself from he slide across the floor and begin to bark into dmitri 's ear . ext . deck anya be wave happily at the dangerous water . in her dream anya be wave to the family . they turn around toward she and she see that it 's the romonov family , from the frieze that she see in the palace . she be delighted to see they as she feel a distance recollection of who they be to she . int . cabin meetoo jump up and nip at dmitri 's hand . dmitri leap up with a " owwww ! " and look over at the excited meetoo . dmitri if you have to go - wake she .. dmitri look over to anya 's bed - she be not sit up and throw he leg over the side ext . deck anya be stand right on the edge of death ... in her dream she be not there . he of he bed . the family be wave to she . nicholas wave for she to jump into the clear pond and join they . anya nod and move to jump in ... ext . deck anya get ready to jump into the violent and icy black wave . she take one step out when ... dmitri grab her shoulder . anya jolt awake from she dream . confused at first , then terrify to see what almost happen to she . be not lift she to the other side of the railing and look at she . dmitri what be you do ?! anya put she hand to she mouth in shock , shaking and almost cry with fear , she throw she arm around dmitri and hold he tightly . dmitri be surprised at first , but tighten he arm around she . dmitri ( cont . ) it 's okay now - I have get you . you be safe ... they stand steady on the deck in a tight embrace , they feeling for each other be stronger than the storm . dissolve to : the same , as see through the reliquary rasputin watch ... seethe quietly , as bartok peek meekly over he shoulder . bartok Boy , do not you hate it when that happen ? rasputin ( control ) she lead a charme life , that little one ... someone be always there to save she . in the palace as a child , on the train and now ... it 's he . rasputin study dmitri in the reliquary - dmitri and anya still in a warm embrace . bartok Nice look fellow . I mean , do not get I wrong - I be not attract to he in the physical sense , I just ... but rasputin 's not interested , he stare into the reliquary and speak directly to it . rasputin you be toy with I , be not you ? you let I get so close ... the reliquary , as if in answer , seem to be chuckle . rasputin smile and join in with it . rasputin ( cont . ) bartok ... have you ever be to Paris ? bartok me? no. Rich food - it kill I . ever try and fly after one of that heavy sauce ? rasputin return the reliquary to its cabinet . rasputin we be go to Paris - and while we be there , let 's kill the young man . he annoys I . ext . boat dock ( LA havre ) - day as anya walk down the plank she dress get catch on a nail . dmitri be walk toward she as she yank she dress free and accidentally punch he in the stomach . dmitri take it like a man . anya oh ! I be sorry ... dmitri it 's okay . do not hurt .. vlad have be watch as he walk down the plank with meetoo - they exchange a " oh boy " look , both notice that clearly something be different between anya and dmitri . anya catch something out of the corner of eye and turn quickly . close on a sign : " Paris 30 kilometer " anya walk away from dmitri and over to the sign and look at it longingly . anya ( to herself ) I be almost there ... I be finally go to know ... at the other end of the dock Vladimir stare into he purse , depressed . dmitri how be we current financial status ? vladimir if I use the word " bleak " I would be optimistic . as he say this the elderly dowager from the ship pass by with she two obnoxious pug dog . meetoo growl as vlad and dmitri get a idea . vladimir ( cont . ) the " odessa dunk " ? dmitri it work in odessa ... Vladimir pick up meetoo and whisper instruction . meetoo like the plan . new angle as meetoo race past the pug . they ignore he , so he stop and make a face , give they a sloppy " razzberry " , which pique they a little . meetoo then bend over and wave he furry little butt at they . now the pug be offended and take off after he , yapping all the way . meetoo turn and scramble with the pug in hot pursuit . as they get closer , meetoo suddenly stop and the pug go flying off they edge of the dock and into the water below . meetoo look over the edge and give they a ' Boy , be you guy moron look as the elderly dowager run up scream . elderly dowager help ! my little dog ! Chevalier ! maurice ! hold on , darling ! dmitri come run up , a little too gallant . dmitri I will save they , Madame dmitri dive into the water as vlad rush up behind the elderly dowager . anya watch from a distance as dmitri climb out of the water carry the soak ( and piss ) pug . vladimir such bravery ! why , that man should be reward ! amply reward ! minute later dmitri hand vlad a pile of francs as anya approach . anya that be really very kind of you . she give he a kiss on the cheek and walk away with meetoo , who turn back and give dmitri a look . a little guilty , dmitri turn to vlad . vladimir I will not say a word ... ext . grand OPEN car - day travel be style ! Vladimir be drive - badly - with meetoo in the front seat . meetoo cover he eye . dmitri and anya be in the open back seat , enjoy the beautiful french countryside . dmitri look over at anya . dmitri nervous ? anya yes - if I can not convince Sophie , I will never be able to see tatiana .... dmitri you will convince she . you have the quality of a princess you be poise and strong ... and beautiful ... even if you forget a couple date of family name - she will know . anya smile at dmitri , know that all the confidence she have be because of he . she take he hand but look away . ext . tatiana's paris house - day they pull up in front of the beautiful white house . anya be nervous as Vladimir walk up to the front door ahead of dmitri and anya . Vladimir knock . Sophie answer the door . she move with grace and regal poise . vladimir May I present she Royal highness princess anastasia ! sophie oh good ! we have not see a anastasia in several day ! anya look to dmitri , a little confuse by that last comment . dmitri make a little " she 's slightly crazy " signal . they all leap to avoid she butt as she bustles into the house . int . drawing room - day Sophie , flanke by she sister , sit at a table . anya , look nervous but poise , sit across while dmitri and Vladimir hover nervously at the far end of the room . Sophie 's PAT cat , tillie , attempt to cuddle up next to meetoo , who want nothing to do with she . sophie I would just like to ask you a few question , dear ... Sophie open a huge book that slam open . vlad and dmitri jump . anya of course . sophie where be you bear ? scene continue mos time lapse montage dmitri watch anya answer question gracefully and without hesitate . anya smile as she answer begin to surprise Sophie . dmitri ( v.0 . ) the real anastasia could not have grow up to be lovelier . Sophie and the sister look tired . Sophie have she last question . sophie ( almost giggle ) this be the hard one ... what rare treat be serve on the night of the Three hundredth anniversary of the romanov dynasty ? the last ball they ever have ? dmitri and Vladimir exchange a nervous look . it 's obvious they never brief anya on this one . anya think a moment , then look up , smile , as she remember ... anya Father have fresh tropical fruit send in . orange and pineapple from the far east . I remember ... I remember I throw a orange to a young boy who be hide under a table ... dmitri be shocked . he know this be anastasia romonov and he can not believe it . sophie ( shocked ) yes ... yes , it be fresh fruit . well , maybe not " fresh " estelle get one rather brown banana but ... close on dmitri , as he stare at anya as Sophie prattles on . minute later anya sit near the window , stroking tillie ... much to the consternation of a jealous meetoo . , she look out the window and see dmitri , deep in think , wander in the garden . out of her earshot at the other end of the room , Vladimir speak to Sophie . vladimir be you impressed with we anastasia ? sophie oh , heaven - I must say , yes . vladimir then , you will take she to see tatiana ? sophie oh , heaven I must say ... no , no actually , I can not - tatiana have refuse to see any more girl . vladimir perhaps you could convince she ? sophie oh , heaven , no ... but ... ( vlad -lean closer as Sophie share a naughty secret ) she be go to be at the ballet russe tonight ! that 's the Russian ballet - russe for Russian , oh that crazy french ... they only go to see which dancer will defect . she rise head towards anya . her butt knock over a vase , which Vladimir deftly catch . sophie come my dear , we have much to talk about . ext . garden Vladimir have finish give dmitri the detail . both be ecstatic . vladimir we do it ! we do it , my boy ! we be go to see tatiana at the ballet tonight and we be go to be rich ! Rich ! dmitri but it 's not the money , vlad . vladimir ( shocked ) be you feel all right ? anya ( cont . ) ( deeply grateful ) but you never doubted who I be , do you , dmitri ? not for a second ... anya gratefully kiss dmitri a the cheek and run into the house . Vladimir , who 's be watch , have a warning . vladimir life be funny , be not it . you find the right girl ... and then you lose she . dmitri what do you mean ? vladimir dmitri ... you must understand that once you take she to tatiana ... well , it 's over ... nothing can happen between you . she 's a princess and you be a commoner . dmitri understand this and be devastate . Vladimir pat he on the back as he walk into the house . music begins : bright , exciting , paris in the twenties anya and dmitri , follow by vlad and Sophie be walk down the champ elysee . meetoo trot along after they , happily . they walk by a accordion player and a lady flower seller , who watch they and whisper to each other . accordion player Lovers ! flower seller ooh la la ! " paris hold the key to you heart " ( production number ) in uptempo " paris in the twenties style music , the people of Paris all sing , welcoming anya and dmitri , Sophie and vlad , to Paris ! the foursome explore the city and anya have the happiest day of she young life . on the street they encounter the motley denizen of Paris , as well as people with very familiar face -- for anyone in the audience in the know , they will see josephine Baker , maurice Chevalier , rodin , gertrude stein , Freud , lindbergh - people who be in Paris in the twenty .. for that in the audience who do not recognize they , they will simply be unidentified fascinating " type " who sing . as the joyous number progress , we realize that dmitri be feel something else -- the impending loss of anya to a world where she clearly be at home . he sing for a short moment , know that he 's about to lose she . anya visit a couturier and come out with a big dress box for she evening at the ballet . a big finale as they go off for the evening . even meetoo have find some female poodle companionship . but for one last beat , dmitri 's wistfulness cut against joy . end musical number