anatomy of a murder screenplay by wendell Mayes from the novel by Robert traver final February 25 , 1959 fade in : ext , OPEN highway - night a dusty , four- year - old car speed along in the shadow of overhange tree , moonlight splash through to the pavement . int . moving car - night the driver be paul biegler , his finger tap time against the steering wheel to music from the radio , in the glow from the dashboard we see a pleasant look man in he early forty -- wry , humorous mouth , lean jaw , friendly eye . he wear a old hunt jacket , shirt open at the throat . several angle lure be hook into the feel of he batter hat , ext ... no highway - night the car approach . pan it by as it hurry toward the distant light of a small town . on the shoulder of the road a modest spotlighted sign read : the C of C welcomes you to iron CITY , mich . we're a lively town ext , MAIN STREET of iron CITY - full . shot - night the sidewalk be roll up . a single auto be park in front of a bar identify by a blue neon sign -- tripoli bar , a traffic light at a intersection futilely change color -- keep company only by a lonesome night marshal stand on the corner , from down the street come Paul 's car , doorof tripoli : bar -*:. night . the white - aprone bartender lean against the door jamb , watch the approach car . Inside the bar , a man and woman be hunch over a table -- and at the bar stand . a solitary drinker -- a elderly man , . hat cocked on the back of he head , interest absorb by a bottle on the bar . this be parnell , Paul 's car roll past the bar .. Paul wave , call out , '' hi , toivo . ' " ' the bartender answer Paul with a wave . toivo . {over he shoulder ) hey , Mr. mccarthy , you pal just drive into town , a int , tripoli bar - night toivo turn from the door , come behind the bar . parnell pour himself another drink from the bottle on the bar . parnell just one more , toivo , parnell be a erect , not quite drunk gentleman in he sixty , his hat be once a expensive velvet homburg . his jacket be good tweed but wear and baggy . he wear a tattersall vest of brilliant color which seem wonderfully right on parnell -- a reflection of a young heart and love of life . as parnell toss the drink off , toive watch he with a gentle compassion , parnell now fumble in he various pocket for some money . parnell ( continue ) toivo , I be afraid I be go to have to pay my bar bill tomorrow . too ... 2 you be good with I , Mr. mccarthy , -- — - — ... -— -_. parnell thank you , toivo . , he straighten he old homburg hat , smooth out the tattersall vest and head for the door . parnell ( continue ) good night , toivo . toivo good night , Mr. mccarthy . ext , paul be home and office - night qn the main street -- the light of the business district in the distance , Paul 's car approach the old , two -story house -= swing into the driveway . in close shot the headlight catch he shingle fastened to . a support post on the front porch , it read : paul biegler - ' atty , at law , the headlight go out . Paul climb from the car , bring with he a collapse fly rod , a knapsack and a trout basket , in the darkness he come up the step , fumble into the mail box for the door key , open the door , flip the light switch inside . int . hallway - paul be home and office - night lighted by a shade bulb hang from the ceiling , the sparsely furnish foyer ~~ a umbrella stand by the door and a limp , artificial pot plant . a flight of stair rise to the second floor . ( continued ) 10 continued : the hallway run past the stair to the rear of the house . in the f.g. a piece of white note paper be spear on one of the point of a deer 's antler , which , attach to the wall , serve as a hat rack . in the bear g. Paul have enter , close the door behind he with a practice kick . he come to the antler , cock he head sideways to read the note . his lip move a little as he read . int . paul' private office - night a darken interior , at a angle we look through a open door which lead into the dark outer office . in the outer office another open door lead into the light hallway . Paul be see in the hallway read the note on the antler . not disturbing the note , he enter the outer office , pass through into the private office . he turn on a stand lamp . illuminate , this office be quite a large room -- be once . a dining room . the wall be line with law book . there isa cluttere , roll - top desk and swivel desk chair , group about the desk be several other assort chair . against one wall be a ancient black leather couch and on a small safe in a corner a portable record player with a well - stock album rack . near the safe be a old upright piano against the wall , the panel miss , revealing its musical work . the round dining table , leave over from time past , be stack with law book and legal journal . Paul deposit he fishing gear on the table , lift a brown paper sack from he coat , pocket , stand it on the table . the sack contain the shape of a bottle . he open a closet door , and on the inside of the door be fix a canvas panel on which be fastened myriad trout lure . Paul remove the lure from he hat , hook they into the canvas , the last be a brightly color Royal coachman . he affectionately blow on its pretty feather before fasten it to the panel . now he toss he hat into the closet , close the door , get he trout basket , brushes through a swinging door into the kitchen , int . kitchen - night _ as.he enter , he light the room . there be no build - in modern . ' cabinet here . this kitchen , .. like the rest of the house , belong to another period . there be a antique kitchen cabinet , a sink with wooden drainboar d and brass fixture , a sand kitchen table anda kerosene stove of early vintage . '' alone in ' modern splendor be a big , upright freezer . Paul take a half - dozen trout from he basket , plop they on the table . he remove he hunt jacket , take a knife from a drawer , set about clean the fish . now he remember the note on the antler . wiping he hand on a towel , he go through another door in the kitchen which lead into the hallway . int . hallway - night Paul come from the back of the hallway to the antler , pick off the note and go again into the outer office . 12 13 14 int . paul' private office - night he enter from the outer office , take the telephone , glance at the note , dial the operator . the operator respond , she voice remote , mechanical . paul ( into phone ) Operator , I want 489 in Thunder Bay , ( read note ) I want to speak to a Mrs. manion , m-a-n-i-o-n manion , this be Paul biegler speak . Iron City 700 . ext , thunder BAY tourist park - night on the outside of a small , darken hut a dimly illuminate sign read : thunder BAY park - office . Beyond and scattered along a narrow road be the shape of darken house trailer -- auto park beside therm . at the end of the road a wide lake shimmer in the moonlight . in the hut . a telephone tinkles faintly . -& light go on in the hut and through the window we see a elderly man come from a back room wear he bathrobe . this be Mr. lemon , the park caretaker and deputy sheriff . he answer the phone on the wall -- listen -- reply -- leave the phone dangle , come outside the hut -- flashlight in hand -- hurry away to disappear among the trailer . another part of tourist park - night lemon come through tree , flashlight beam lead the way , approach a trailer in the f.g . the trailer have a stripe awning over the front door , a couple of canvas chair outside the stoop . Light shine through the broad picture window on the front end of the trailer , the camera look through the picture window into the live room of the trailer . a fold table be litter with cheap magazine , a half empty bottle of whiskey , and several glass . a bra. hang on the back.of the chair and . a army officer 's cap and acket be hook ' to 'a nail in the wall . ' a woman 's negligee hang from a corner of a open closet door , and on the floor , below the negligee , be a pair of blue- puffed bed slipper . Beyond the live room be the passage way which also serve as a kitchen . at the end of the passage way we glimpse a unmade bed . the effectis not of squalor -- but rather of sensual carelessness . Mr. lemon have reach the trailer and we hear he rap on the door several time . now the door open and lemon thrust he head into the trailer . he call , " Mrs. manion ? " satisfied she be not there he close the door . . int , paul' private office - night Paul with the phone , wait for the call to come through . he glance out the window . 16 17 5 . ext . paul be house - night parnell be crossing the street toward Paul 's house . he pass under a street lamp , teeter a little on the curb as he step up . int . paul' private office - night Paul , see parnell , grin and lower the blind . the operator 's muffle voice bring he to attention . paul ( into phone ) hello ? -- yes -- well , do they know when she will be there ? .... isee ..... alright , leave a message for she to call this number , thanks . he hang up , thoughtfully fold the note and put it in he shirt pocket , return to the kitchen , leave the door open . from the front of the house come the sound of a door open and close and parnell come from the outer office into Paul 's private office . paul ( in the kitchen ) what do you say there , counselor ? parnell ( see the brown paper bag ) what 's in the brown paper bag ? paul it could be a cabbage head . parnell but it would not be . paul you be a suspicious man . parnell true . I be everlastingly suspicious of and / or fascinate by the content of brown paper bag . shall I sneak a peek ? paul you do that -- and uncork whatever you find , . parnell peer into the paper bag . Paul enter with two glass and a pitcher of water . parnell shall I pour ? ( continued ) 17 continued : paul you privilege . parnell ( pour ) my pleasure , sir . they drink , Paul go to the piano , sit and begin to fool around with some passage of jazz , parnell size up the content of the bottle , which be half -empty . parnell you fight this soldier by yourself . you have be drink alone . I do not like that , polly . paul Drop the stone , counselor , you live in a glass house , parnell my window be bust a long time ago so I can say as I please , when a man start drink alone he dig a hole for himself . I -- I be almost through to China . paul want a italian cigar ? parnsll no thanks . that stink weed be another sign of you decadence , Paul light a cigar and return to he play with the piano key . parnell pour himself another drink . parnell otoss the drink off ) . polly , it 's a fact . since Mitch lodwick beat you out of the office of prosecute attorney you have not be worth salt for peanut ... not that I do not understand how you feel . man get beat for a office he 's hold a long time , he feel he community have desert he -- the finger of scorn be point .... paul none but the lonely heart shall know my anguish , ( continued ) 7 , 17 continued : ( 2 ) o parnell it 's be a full year since you be skinned at the poll , how long be you go to skulk like this ? paul what the hell be you talk about ? parnell man , you be a honest - to - God lawyer . you ought to make like one -- be here -- ready for client -- not fishing or play that rootity toot jazz -- paul go ahead , parn , have another drink , do not stand on ceremony . parnell if it mean keep we friendship I guess I can take another wee drop . he pour a shot and downs it , . paul CO I be make a live . I run some abstract -- divorce Jane doe from jobn doe once in a while == or threaten a few dead beat -- and in the evening I drink rye whiskey and read law with parnell emmett mccarthy -- one of the world 's great man . there 's a little silence , parnell that be a kind word , polly . vo ae sa pause ) you know -- I might have be . that 's . one reason I hate to see you talent push aside by lesser man . I look at you and see myself -- thirty year ago ~~ with the same love for the smell of the old brown book in a dusty office , ( he take - a book from a shelf ) now here 's a rise , a lily , a sweet lupine -- the United States Supreme Court report ! e parnell take out he specs , sit at the table . ( continued ) 17 continued : ( 3 ) parnell ( continue ) well , what shall we read this evening ? how about a little Chief justice holme -- maybe a few dissent opinion . the phone ring , paul restrain Chief justice holme for a minute . I think I have a client -- at least I have be wait for a call , ( into phone ) hello ? ... yes , this be biegler speak ... hello ? ... Mrs. manion ? parnell snap he specs off he nose =~ move in close to Paul . paul ( continue ; into phone ) itry to reach you a while ago ... do you get my message ? : parnell ( whisper ) who be that ? what be that name ? paul ( see parnell 's excitement ) just a minute -- this seem to be a bad connection == hold on , will you , please ? ( he cover mouthpiece ) a woman name manion -- maida take a message from she , : parnell in Thunder Bay ? paul yes . parnell she want you to represent she husband , say yes . paul I do not even know what it 's about . parnell pretend you know and say yes . ( continued ) 9 17 continued : ( 4 ) Paul , doubtful but trust parnell , open the mouthpiece of the phone . paul hello ? -- yes , that 's better . I can hear you now , 18 int , phone booth - thunder BAY amusement arcade - night LAURA manion be on the phone . her face be obscure by dark glass . she wear a trench coat -- the collar turn up a little . on the directory shelf sit a small , fuzzy dog watch he mistress as she talk . outside the booth be a busy game arcade -- pinball machine , grab cage -~ populate by tourist in bermuda short -- and soldier and they girl friend -- and outside the open front of the arcade lie the lake . — - baura {into phone ) + esl wait for you to call all afternoon , paul' voice ( filter ) + eeI be sorry . I only just get home a while ago -- LAURA {into phone ) «+ . you have read about my husband -- the little dog bark at a pass soldier . LAURA ( continue ) -- please , muff , please -- ( she quiet the dog ) oe . Mr. biegler ?.-- you have read about my husband ? -- 19 int . paul' private office - night Paul on the phone , parnell hang over he , paul ( lie ) well -- yes ~~ I have -= a little ... ( continued ) 10 . 19 continued : o laura' voice ( filter ) '' will you defend he ? paul I do not know , I would have to know more about it . laura' voice ( filter ) will you talk to he ... ( the dog bark - filter ) muff , please -- Mr. biegler , he 's in the county jail -- 20 int , phone booth thunder BAY arcade - night LAURA ( into phone ) could you see he in the morning ? he 's anxious to see you . you have be so highly recommend , ... wy ) al int . paul' private office - night paul ( into phone - surprised ) ihave ? by who ? ' laura' voice ( filter ) I do not know -- someone tell my husband about you -- will you see he ? paul yes , I suppose I can , I will see he in the morning . 22 int , phone booth thunder BAY amusement arcade - nigh1 LAURA ( into phone ) would you want I there , too , Mr. biegler ? paul' voice ( filter ) if you like , Mrs .. manion -- say @ ten o'clock , ( continued ) 22 23 24 will . continued : LAURA ( almost whisper relief ) thank you ~~ thank you so much , she hang up -~ sag against the phone -~ turn she face away , take off the dark glass , dab at she eye with a handkerchief , muff put he paw on she arm , try to lick she cheek . int , paul' private office - night parnell , excited , be pour himself the last drink from the bottle . parnell a man name barney quill rape Mrs , manion , her husband -- he 's a lieutenant in the army -~ there 's a temporary base in Thunder Bay , gunnery or something like that -- the Lieutenant go to quill 's place and plug Mr , quill about five time which cause Mr , quill to promptly die of lead poisoning . paul ( go into the kitchen ) when do this happen ? parnell ( follow Paul ) couple of night ago . if you have not be float around in a rowboat in some god-forsaken backwater you would know about it , | dissolve to : ext . paul be home - morning acar , same age as Paul 's machine , ramble to a halt in front of the house . maida - Paul 's secretary ~ have arrive for work , she 's middle - age , seem rather dour , but she mouth have a suspiciously comic twist -- and if she appear to be cynical , a closer look at she eye will give away she good heart . she wear , everlastingly , a small flower hat -- the badge of respectability among middle - age , middle western american woman . at the stoop she pick up the bottle of milk and cast about among the bush for the morning paper -- mumble as she search , ' where would he ' throw it this time ? " she can not find the paper , go on in the house , collect the mail en route . 25 26 27 12 . int , outer office - day the outer office , see in daylight , be maida 's office . here be filing cabinet , she desk and typewriter and a beat - up sofa for wait client . she drop the mail on she desk , pass into Paul 's private office . int . paul' private office - day the window shade be draw -- the lamp still burn . parnell be stretch out on the couch , hat over he face -- a couple of beer bottle on the floor beside he , maida open the blind , turn out the lamp , glower at parnell and push through the swinging door into the kitchen . int , kitchen - day Paul be at the table -- dress , shave , and nervously drink coffee as.he read the newspaper . ...._... paul Morning , maida . maida oh , there itis . paul what ? maida the newspaper . I think maybe they do not bring it . we have not pay the bill . she uncap the milk bottle , pour a little into Paul 's coffee as she look over he shoulder to see what he be read . : : maida you get my note ? paul yes , we might be in the case . I be read up on it now before I talk to Lieutenant manion . she put some bread in the toaster . maida do not he ever go home ? paul - parnell ? well , we be up late last night . : ( continued ) 13 , 27 continued : maida ( flatly ) be that a fact ? paul I think you would better cancel any appointment for the day . maida what appointment ? people think you have migrate to the wood , maida open the big freezer , look inside with disapproval . maida if that freezer get many more fish it will swim up - stream and spawn -- all by itself , she close the freezer and go to stand by the toaster -- wait ; — -— - -- - the machine pop a piece of toast into the air . she catch it - - matter - of - factly -- put it on a plate , take it to the table , place it at Paul 's elbow . maida could I have you attention for a minute ? paul ( still in the paper ) um-hm , maida I have be go over you checkbook . ica not pay I my salary . what do you do with the fee from the willy 's divorce ? help salt a uranium mine or something ? . paul I buy a few necessity . maida like a new outboard motor ? wish I could be class as a necessity . Paul drain the coffee cup -- take he hat from the corner of a chair -- start for the door into the hallway . maida do not you want you toast ? ( continued ) 14 , 27 continued : ( 2 ) @ ) paul ( turn preoccupy ) I will - I will call you -- uh -- let you know how thing go . he exit . maida follow he into the hallway and call after he . maida do not let he pay you with purple heart . professional soldier never have a dime . I know . I be marry to one . dissolve to : 28 ext . iron cliff county courthouse and jail - day the camera open on Laura manion 's small , fuzzy dog , lie on the sidewalk . pan up the leash to he mistress . LAURA manion be dress in high heel , tight ankle length capri pants and a thin cling jersey sweater . her hair be smoothly brush but careless . - her eye be still conceal behind dark glass . she be lean idly against the fender of she park car . on the lawn about the three - storied , dome courthouse the usual old man , forever find loitering on the courthouse lawn , be silently watch Laura , 7 ) the sensuous woman be not in the least embarrassed by they open - mouth attention . Beyond the courthouse and separate from it by a alley be the county jail . its bar window overlook the sidewalk and street where Laura be wait . Paul 's car roll up , nudge into the curb . Paul get out , see Laura and the audience she have gather , after take it all in for a moment he go to where she be wait . paul I beg you pardon , be you Mrs. manion ? LAURA hi. paul I be Paul biegler , LAURA I be Laura . her lip seem to always wear a tremulous , childish smile which could be apologetic or invite or a secret pleasure at the effect she have on man , and be probably all of this , muff bark at Paul . ( continued ) 28 29 15 , continued : LAURA ( continue ; scoop the dog into she arm ) this be muff . Paul , a little embarrassed at the attention they be get from the old man on the courthouse lawn , take Laura 's arm and they move toward the jail , paul shall we walk to the jail ? the camera stays with they as they go . LAURA you be tall . paul ( slightly os _ digsconcert ) I hope I have not keep you wait long . LAURA I have company . paul yes , I notice , she chuckle -- a appeal , throaty laugh . int . county jail - day there be a small reception area which contain a desk and a couple of straight - back chair , behind the desk be a bar steel door through which we can see a flight of iron step lead upward to the cell floor , another open lead to the jailer 's live quarter and another door , , label sheriff , . go off. into alarger office , the main door 's . - | open -~ cause a buzzer to SOUND loudly somewhere off in the ; jailer 's quarter -- and Paul and Laura enter , sulo , the jailer , : answer the buzzer , hurry into the office , sulo be a stoop , slow move man with a open , good face . he speak with a finnish accent . paul hello , sulo , sulo ( happily shaking Paul 's hand ) hello , polly , it 's good to see you , polly . I guess you be come for the soldier boy . {continued ) eee 29 30 16 , continued : paul think that it would be alright if I talk to he in the sheriff 's office ? sulo oh shu , polly . you go in the sheriff 's office . I bring the soldier - boy down , paul thanks , sulo . sulo unlock the bar door , go up the stair as Laura and Paul go into the sheriff 's office . int . sheriff' office - day a room off the turnkey 's station , a desk , several chair , filing cabinet , a padlock wall cage in which hang numerous and assort gun , a bulletin board be on one wall with many federal " want " circular , one large circular have 10 photograph and be headline " ten most wanted men . " along one side of the room a straight white line have be paint on the floor , run from wall to wall , on one wall at the end of the white line be a chart for testing vision . the bar window of the room look out into the street and over the courthouse lawn , Paul and Laura enter . paul would you mind take off you glass , Mrs. manion ? a moment -- then she take off the dark glass . the swell have go from the flesh about she eye but dark bruise remain , paul barney quill do that to you ? : LAURA more than that . you should see . all over . she smile -- seem to be wait for some reaction from Paul , paul put they back on if it 's more comfortable for you . still smile she slip the glass back on -- a curiously coquettish movement -- as if she be drop a veil over she face . ( continued ) 17 . continued : paul do you plan to stay for the trial , Mrs. manion ? LAURA be you serious ? paul well , you be a key witness , I would like to know if you will be around , _ LAURA why would not I ? paul ido not know , be you with you husband or against he ? LAURA why , with he -- of course I be with he . you be awfully blunt , be not you ? paul the only way I could know be to ask , in the reception office the steel door rattles and clang shut . sulo enter the sheriff 's office with Lieutenant Frederick manion . manion be about 28 , with a smooth , handsome , cold face , he be neatly clothed in tailore U.S , Army officer fatigue . he stand stiffly -- almost prussian , sulo this be polly biegler . this be the bucko , polly . paul : ( extend he hand ) Lieutenant manion . manion take the hand briefly , drop it . manion hello there , I have be wait for you , paul thanks , sulo . would you close the door behind you ? e sulo exit , softly close the door . ( continued ) 18 , continued : ( 2 ) manion dummy . paul sulo keep good jail -- as good as a jail can be keep , manion hello , Laura , LAURA hi , until now manion have ignore Laura 's presence . this do not go unnotice by Paul , paul Mrs , manion , could you meet I at my office about 2 o'clock ? ten-forty - two Main Street , LAURA of course . Paul open the door for she , Laura rise and hesitates -- then go to manion , kissing he on the cheek . LAURA anything I can get you , hon ? manion I be alright , hon , Laura smile at Paul and go . Paul close the door , almost immediately manion move away , wander about the reom , manion ( look at the white : line on the : floor ) . * I could walk it , I could walk it with a quart of red eye in my belly . manion fasten he attention on the vision chart , he pace away from the chart to the opposite side of the room , read it glibly , swiftly , manion p-l-u-t-o-d-i l-p-l-o-w-t-r-s-v , kx - zaemu , paul ' one thing , we can not claim you shoot barney quill be a case of mistaken identity . ( continued ) 19 , continued : ( 3 ) manion be not amused , he move on to the bulletin board , read the big circular about the 10 most want , paul where be you from , Lieutenant ? manion originally Pennsylvania . where be you from ? paul here , all my life , manion the big ten . we have get the 10 best dress dame , the 10 top tune , the 10 top team and now the 10 most want , paul do not knock it . it 's the american dream , that boy make the grade . manion sit in a chair , take out a carve ivory cigarette holder and a package of cigarettes from he pocket , fit a cigarette into the holder and light it with a gold pocket lighter , paul ( continue ) where would you get the holder ? manion Korea , it 's hand carve , ming dynasty , 400 year old , . paul clever people , the chinese - smoking cigarettes in the sixteenth century . manion ( not blink a eye ) they do , you know . you be the d.a. around here , be not you ? paul for ten year , manion what 's you experience as a defense lawyer ? paul not very much . ( continued ) 20 , continued : ( 4 ) manion how do I know you can handle my case ? paul I guess you do not know , shall we talk about it ? . manion I suppose so , paul do not be so bored , Lieutenant , it 's possible no lawyer can handle you case -- if you mean get you off scot - free , manion ( a flicker of 7 ee nothing else ) I want a lawyer to defend I , Mr. biegler -- not throw I to the wolf . paul I be give you my first reaction to what I know about you case . manion you be forget that barney quill rape my wife . I have get the unwritten law on my side , paul ( annoyed ) Lieutenant manion , the unwritten law be a myth , there be no such thing as the unwritten law and anyone who commit a murder on the theory that it do exist have just buy himself bed : and " board - in the State penitentiary - maybe for life . with that in mind , perhaps we can proceed with a few question and answer which may be some help to you defense , but probably will not , in the silence the two man measure each other . Paul calmly wait , manion coldly consider , Paul take out a italian cigar . paul ( continue ) May I borrow you lighter ? manion toss the gold lighter , Paul light he cigar , study the ( continued ) 21 , 30 continued : ( 5 ) paul ncontinue ) Nice , sharply he toss the lighter back to manion . manion put the lighter away . _ manion okay . paul how old be you ? manion thirty -one . paul how long have you be in the service ? manion since ' 50 , paul have you see action ? manion plenty . paul decoration ? manion plenty . anybody who do not cut and run get that -- like knration . paul how long be you in Korea ? oe , manion . I get there in - time for the big bug - out from the yalu River . paul bug-out ? : manion , retreat . paul how old be you wife ? manion about my age . ( continued ) 22 . 30 continued : ( 6 ) I paul o. . be this you first marriage ? : manion no. paul you be not on the witness stand . you do not have to answer yes or no . just give I the matrimonial run down . manion be this necessary ? paul I will be the judge of that , manion c—o my first wife divorced I -- charge eruelty , eat cracker in bed ... the usual stuff . Truth be , she find another guy while I be in Korea , I meet Laura four year ago in Georgia . we be marry after she divorce . paul do you know she husband ? manion he be in my outfit down there . paul you mean you be buddy ? manion draw on he cigarette and contemptuously look away . paul ( continue ) 1 withdraw the questi I be .a little ' . , old - fashioned , ~ '' lere - any child : by or from any of the marriage ? manion no . paul any present prospect ? : manion not unless barney quill start something . ( continued ) 23 , 30 continued : ( 7 ) paul what kind of a gun do you . use on quill ? manion War souvenir , luger , the police have it now . paul I guess you read the newspaper ? the storey about you case ? . manion some of they , paul be they substantially correct ? manion ° .- wae yes , : paul you do not see barney cuill rape or beat you wife ? manion . no . when she come to the trailer she tell I what have happen , paul how long then before you go to quill 's place and kill he ? manion I do not know exactly . maybe a hour . . paul 's that long , huh ? the newspaper say you wife volunteer to take a lie-detector test . do you know anything about this ? manion just what she 's tell I and what I have read , paul do you know how the lie-detector test turn out ? ( con tinued ) o 24 , 30 continued : ( 8 ) manion they do not tell she , sulo open the door , look in , paul yes , sulo ? sulo polly , we get lunch serve for the jail would you like to eat with we , polly ? paul be you sister still cooking for the jail ? sulo oh , shu . she cook , paul give she my compliment , sulo . I will not be able to take lunch here today , I have a luncheon date downtown , manion Nice go , Mr. biegler . sulo ( to manion ) come on , bucko , paul I will be back after lunch , manion ( at the door ) : =. sorry if I offended you . a while ago . paul no , you be not . manion smile . a small ' cool smile and follow sulo . dissolve to : 31 25 , ext , lake front lunch stand ~- day on the lake front of Iron City Paul and parnell be at a sidewalk counter , a plate of hard boil egg between they , each with a bottle of beer , here on the lake front be the great iron- ore load dock with the lake ship anchore alongside . the traffic on the sidewalk consist of workmen and sailor from the ship , parnell pass the salt , Paul slide the salt along the counter to parnell , parnell salt he hard boil egg , parnell do you give the Lieutenant the well - know lecture ? paul if you mean do I coach he into oe a phony story , no , parnell maybe you be too pure , Paul , too pure for the natural impurity of the law . could be you owe the Lieutenant a chance to finda defense , could also be you might guide he a little , show he the way and let he decide if he want to take it , you want some salt ? paul ( salt a egg ) anyway , I be not the right lawyer for this man , he 's insolent and he 's hostile , : parnell you - do not have ‘to ' love he , just defend he , what 's the matter , do not you need a fee ? ( a pause ) you know something , polly , I think you be a little bit afraid , paul a little bit afraid of what ? parnell afraid you might get lick , Paul set about shelling another egg . a little time pass , ( continued ) a 31 32 26 , continued : paul there 's only one thing more devious than a Philadelphia lawyer and that 's a irish lawyer , pass the salt . parnell hand over the salt shaker , smugly set he tooth into the white meat of the hard boil egg , dissolve to : int . sheriff' office - day Paul be wait as sulo usher manion in and close the door . Paul have a wrap package . under he arm , manion glance coldly at Paul , pass he and sit at the sheriff 's desk , manion ( in pass ) ... . -- hello there , - eileen paul ( with a smile ) tusually answer to the name of Paul , manion be we go to have some more joke ? paul not unless you want to be the comic , oh , here . here be some cigarettes , he extend the wrap package . manion hesitates a moment , then rather awkwardly accept the package . manion thanks , paul peace ? manion sure , ( continued ) 27 , 32 continued : paul Lieutenant , there be four way I can defend murder . number one : it be not murder - it be suicide or accidental , number two : you do not do it , number three : you be legally justified - like self - defense or protection of you home . number four : the kill be excusable . manion where do I fit into this rosy picture ? paul I 'l , tell you where you do not fit . you do not fit in any of the first three . manion why would not I be legally justified in kill the man who rape my wife ? paul the time element . if you have catch he in the act the shoot might have be justified . but you do not catch he and you have time to bring in the police . you do not do that either . you be guilty of murder , premeditate and with vengeance . first degree murder in any court of law , manion Ave you tell I to plead guilty ? paul when I advise you to cop out you will know it , manion ' cop out ? . paul plead guilty and ask for mercy . manion if you be not tell I to cop out , what be you tell I to do ? paul I be not tell you to do anything . I want you to understand the letter of the law , ( continued ) 28 . 32 continued : ( 2 ) manion ( a pause ) go on , . paul go on to what ? manion to whatever it be you be get at . paul ( with a tough little grin ) you be very bright , Lieutenant . now let 's see how really bright you can be , manion have be impressed and be now a little frighten . tiny bead of sweat be on he forehead and he upper lip . a have manion I be work at it . paul now because you wife be rape we will have a favorable climate in the courtroom , you will have sympathy with you -- if all the fact be true . all you will need be a legal peg which will let the jury hang up they sympathy in you behalf . do you follow I ? manion nod . paul ( continue ) — what 's you legal excuse , Lieutenant - manion - you legal éxcuse . for. kill ' barney quill ? '' °° , : manion not justification . paul no , not justification . manion Excuse --- just a excuse . {continued ) 32 , 29 . continued : ( 3 ) manion , hand tremble a little , take out he ivory holder anda cigarette , he become annoyed at he shaking hand , angrily toss the holder and the cigarette on the sheriff 's desk . he rise , move away nervously . : manion what excuse be there ? paul how should I know ? you be the one who plugge quill , with he thumb manion wipe the perspiration from he upper lip , almost unaware of he physical movement , he balance on the white line on the floor , walk it carefully , as if it be a rail , his jaw be knotted , he mind desperately churn he problem , he go to the , window and stare out , lip move a little , talk to himself , Paul be lean against the wall , poker - face , eye hood , watch manion , manion ( whisper ) I must have be mad , paul what ? manion I say iwas mad , paul a bad temper be no excuse , manion imean -- I mean , I must have be crazy . ( a long pause ) be I get warmer ? Paul put on he hat , go to the door and open it , paul ( call ) okay , sulo . manion ( turn to Paul ) Paul ? be I get warmer ? paul ( at the door ) I will tell you that after I have talk to you wife , in the meantime see if you can remember just how crazy you be , — dissolve to : 33 34 30 . int . maida' office - day as Paul enter , maida be bang efficiently on she typewriter , the respectable flower hat on she head . Paul 's office door be close but music filter through . maida , without break the typewriter 's rhythm , jerk she head toward Paul 's office door , maida Mrs , manion 's be wait a long time . she 's go through you album from dixieland to brubeck , paul what do you think of she ? maida ( think a moment ) Soft --easy -- the kind man like to abuse -- and do . do you get some money ? paul ( consider what maida have say about Laura ) . what ? oh , no . I have not decide to take the case yet . {he start for he door and stop ) you surprise I sometimes . maida ( go back to she work ) why ? I have be around , Paul smile he appreciation of maida and enter hig office . int . paul' private office - day Paul enter , close the door behind he , his record player be work at some lively music . Laura , wear she dark glass and with the little dog cuddle against she side , be stretch out on the old couch . LAURA hi. paul hi , : he go to the record player , shut it off . ( continued ) cd 31 , 34 continued : paul I hope you do not mind , but I think we would better talk , Laura sit up on the couch , 's one leg curl under . LAURA you be a funny kind of a lawyer . the music , I mean , paul be not lawyer suppose to like music ? LAURA well , not that kind of music . paul E guess that settles it then == I be a funny kind of a lawyer . he go to he desk and search through drawer and cubbyhole for a possible cigarette , - paul ( continue ; as he search ) where 's you home , Mrs. manion ? that be , where do you go to school -- live -- when you be grow up ? LAURA no place in particular , we sort of move around . my father be a boomer . you know , a construction boomer ? Building dam mostly . : you can call I Laura . paul , ( still search ) be you people alive , Laura ? LAURA no . paul ihave some cigarettes in here somewhere , LAURA ( open she purse ) do you want a cigarette ? ( continued ) 32 , 34 continued : ( 2 ) paul : CO no , I be go to offer you one . LAURA ( put a cigarette in she mouth ) well , you could light it for I . paul certainly . he fumble in he pocket for a match , can not seem to find one . LAURA nextend a gold lighter ) here , he strike the lighter , light she cigarette and then examine the golden object . paul it 's exactly like you husband 's , LAURA ( take the lighter ) yes , he give I this one because I like the one he have , he 's like that , he give I present all the time , q paul you have a happy marriage ? LAURA ( a little beat - a little diversion with she purse ) yes . paul what go wrong with you first marriage ? LAURA well , what go wrong be when I go for manny . paul that 's honest enough , LAURA but it be more than just that , ( more ) @ / ( continued ) 33 , continued : ( 3 ) LAURA ( cont would ) like I tell you , I grow up on the move and Jack -- that be my first husband -- Jack do not like to move . he would not even take a transfer when he have the chance , I be really bored , manny like to go . we be always go , whenever we get a chance , we have be allover , I be thirsty , paul Water , or would a beer do ? LAURA I think a beer would do fine . Paul go into the kitchen , cpen the icebox , return with a bottle of beer anda glass . _ she sit cross~legged -- indian fashion -- on the couch , LAURA ( continue ) be not you have one ? paul no , not now , LAURA could muff have a little ? in that ashtray maybe . he love beer . Paul look askance but pour some beer into a ashtray , put it on the floor , the dog leap down and hungrily lap up the beer . LAURA ( continue ; watch the dog ) he 's sweet , toate he ? he will goto sleep now . . Paul study Laura as she watch the dog , wonder if she be truly ingenuous , he hand she a glass of beer . Laura sip the beer , with she full , soft lip against the rim of the glass , she smile at Paul . LAURA ( continue ) you marry ? paul no . ( continued ) 33-a. continued : ( 4 ) LAURA that 's nice , what do you do with this big house if you be not marry ? paul it 's the family home . I be the last of the family , LAURA I bet it have lot of bedroom , paul a few . how about it ? be you ready ? she roll beer glass against she cheek ~ lip lift in that disconcert smile , paul ( continue ) I mean be you ready to tell I the story ? ( continued ) o 34 , 34 continued : ( 4 ) LAURA . I know what you mean , paul suppose you tell I everything you tell the State Police -- plus everything you do not tell the State Police . there be a moment 's wait . Laura 's smile go away but then return , LA where shall I begin ? paul what time do you go to quill 's bar ? LAURA right after dinner -- about eight - thirty , I guess . manny be late get home from the fire range . we have dinner , then he lay down and go to sleep . I have not be out of . the trailer almost all day , so I take muff and a flashlight and walk over to the bar , I buy a drink and play the pinball machine , paul many people in the bar ? LAURA not many . barney come over and challenge I to a game , for drink . you know , paul how well do you know barney ? LAURA well , he own this bar where manny and I go sometimes . that 's . paul have he ever make a pass at you ? LAURA no , nothing like that at all . . paul be he drink heavily that night ? ( continued ) 35 . 34 continued : ( 5 ) o LAURA . he do not seem to be , at least not while we be play pinball . paul be you with he all the time you be there ? LAURA no , there be other people play too . paul what time do you leave the bar ? LAURA about eleven . I leave by the side door and muff be carry the flashlight . he carry the flashlight in he mouth . he 's so cute , run along ahead with the light shine . paul ( glance at the now sleep dog ) be he sober ? LAURA muff ? of course he be sober . oh , you be joke , be not you ? paul ( dlatly ) yes I be joke . go ahead , LAURA barney come from somewhere , not from the door I leave by , and say . vhe ' be go my way and ’he : could . . drive I home . he say the bear have be prowling around that night and I ought not to walk home . bear come out of the wood sometimes to scavenge . paul harmless enough , be not they ? LAURA yes . I guess I would not have be afraid in the daylight , but ... you know , e ' the dark be not the same , ( continued ) q oo 36 , continued : ( 6 ) paul iknow . so you get in barney 's car , LAURA I get in and he drive straight to the trailer park , paul he make overture ? LAURA no , nothing . when we get to the trailer park the auto gate be close , Mr. lemon always lock the gate around eleven or a little after , I thank barney and start to get out of the car , but he say there be not any need for I to walk , that he could drive I into the park on another road , I do not know there be another road , but in he drive on even before I could say ~ ~ yes or no , paul be you alarmed ? LAURA no , I be not usually afraid of man , and anyway , he have not touch I or even say anything out of the way . paul do not woman sort of instinctively know when a man 's on the make ? LAURA yes , but that 's only usual with I - with man , I mean - almost all man , 's ever since I be a kid , you , for instance , you be interested , but there be not any reason to be afraid of you and it be like that with barney . paul Mrs. manion , believe I , I be not in the least ... LAURA call I Laura , ( continued ) 37 , 34 continued : ( 7 ) o paul Laura , I be only interested in help you husband -~- nothing else , : LAURA oh , I do not mean you would try anything , I just mean , it 's the way you look at I , paul it would be pretty difficult not to look at you . LAURA oh , you mean the way I dress ? you do not like it ? paul I love it , honey , dearly love it . now let 's keep move . how be you dress that night ? LAURA a sweater , like this , and a skirt . : paul oo and the rest ? LAURA underneath ? I have ona slip , panty and a bra . . paul no girdle ? LAURA no , I do not need a girdle . do you think I need a girdle ? paul I be not you couturier , Laura . I be concerned with fact which might be of use to I -- or to the prosecute attorney . '' LAURA . well , I do not wear one . paul ( gently , exasperate ) . please go on with what happen . @ ( continued ) 38 , continued : ( 8 ) LAURA well , he turn off the highway into a lane in the wood and stop the car and turn off the light . he grab I and say , " I be go to rape you . " just like that . paul he use that word ? LAURA exactly that word , muff begin to bark and he throw he out the window , I could hear muff whining outside the car -- all through it . barney begin to try to get at I , and I fight he as best icould . he be terribly strong , paul . . . do you cry out ? do you scream ? LAURA it do not seem any use there in the wood , he begin to shout name at I - like , ' army slut ' and some other name - and then he draw back and hit I with he fist . he hit I again and I do not fight any more , I think I be only half conscious , but I know that he tore my panty off - and do what he want , paul the newspaper say a doctor examine you and do not think you would be rape , LAURA I do not care what the doctor think ~ a@ woman do not , mistake this thing , paul all right . go ahead , LAURA ( tell it calmly ) I do not know exactly what happen . then , I must have faint , because the next thing I remember the car be move . barney be drive very fast , and he be breathe hard , almost gasp . a ugly , awful sound , ( more ) ( continued ) o 39 . continued : ( 9 ) LAURA ( cont would ) we be on the main road to the trailer park and he swing in by the gate and stop , I open the door and muff jump out first , with the light flashlight in he mouth , paul wait a minute , I think you say he have throw muff out of the car in the wood , LAURA he do , but muff be in the car when we get to the gate , he must have let muff back in , I do not remember , paul goon , you open the door and muff jump out first , LAURA before I could get out barney grab I and say he be go to tear all my clothes off and attack I again , I get away and run . I could see muff at a open in the fence . he be scoot back and forth with the flashlight , barney catch I from behind and I fall to the ground . he fall on top of I and start to beat I again with he fist . I think he be go to kill I . I scream and somehow I get on my foot again and run toward the fence , I go through the open in the fence and follow muff who be run along ahead with the flashlight . I keep follow the light and he lead I to ! we trailer , ° paul you do not see barney again ? LAURA inever laid eye on he again -- dead or alive , paul I guess that 's enough for now , Laura , ( continued ) 34 oo 40 . continued : ( 10 ) LAURA I have get lot of time -- all you want . paul where can I reach you ? LAURA : I be still in Thunder Bay but I will drive down again in the morning . paul Fine . he go to the door to open it . Laura pick up muff but remain on the couch stroking the dog . . paul ( continue ) be there something else ? LAURA ( after a moment ) no . she come reluctantly to the door as Paul open it , paul tomorrow . Laura go into maida 's office . Paul , from he office , watch she with circumspection . LAURA ( stop at maida 's desk ) thanks for let I play the record , maida you be very welcome ; LAURA thanks alot . ' bye . she go on into the hallway as parnell be enter . he let she pass , look after she and come into maida 's office , Paul have go to he closet , get out he fishing hat , select some lure , pin they on the hat . parnell ( to maida ) - who be that ? maida . the lady in the case , ( continued ) gd 34 41 . continued : ( 11 ) parnell whistle he surprise , come into Paul 's office and in dismay watch Paul gather the fishing gear . maida , at she desk , listen to they conversation , parnell I guess you be not go to take the case , huh ? paul I do not know . depend on what manion have to tell I tomorrow . he 's think thing out . parnell ( pleased ) oh -- well -- paul if I take it I want you in it . parnell I ? -- ina big murder case ? why , boy , the sight of this whiskey drink old man at the counsel table would ruin you . paul ineed you . parnell you mean that ? maida why else would he say it ? : parnell be glad to work with you outside the courtroom , but not in the courtroom , polly . paul suit yourself about that . but either way , I will have to be able to depend on you . will you lay off the booze ? parnell ( crestfallen ) oh . I do not know about that , polly . -- I do not know . maida why do not you know ? ( continued ) 34 o 35 42 . continued : ( 12 ) parnell do you think I could -- lay off the booze ? maida ever try it ? parnell 's silence be in the negative . maida ( continue ) try it . parnell ( a long pause ) I have never be in a big murder case -- not once in all my life . paul up to you , parn . Paul , with he fishing gear pass parnell , go into the outer office , turn back , paul ( continue ) be around tonight ? parnell ( preoccupy with the idea of a big murder case ) yeah -~ yeah , I will be around , Paul exit . parnell go into maida 's office , slowly sit in a chair , parnell ( continue ) you. know , maida -darle , I might manage it . I might manage to be a real lawyer again -- for a little while anyway . fade out . fade in : int , sheriff' office - day manion , brow knitted , be work at he defense . Paul , smoking a italian cigar , quietly listen . ( continued ) 35 43 . continued : manion ++» I black out . I mean , after we talk yesterday , I go back over the whole thing in my mind , you see , I have not do that before -- I be try to forget about it , but when I try remember it , there be some piece miss . I remember go to the bar with a gun , I remember quill 's face behind the bar -- but I do not seem to remember anything else , not even go home , paul do not you remember fire you gun ? five shot be a lot of noise to forget . manion . ¥e. hey — — — — — — - do not seem to be connect with I -- like they be far away , like somebody else be do the shoot , manion mop he face with a handkerchief , nervously fit a cigarette into he holder . Paul wait for a moment or two , paul . Lieutenant manion , I will take you case . manion ( in great relief ) thanks , thanks , Mr. biegler . paul now there 's the matter of a fee . Three thousand . that 's reasonable enough , be not it ? manion sure -- sure , more than reasonable . paul when can you pay ? manion it will have to be later , right now I be break , paul you be what ? ( continued ) 44 , continued : ( 2 ) manion break -~ bust -- flat . I have not get three buck , much less three thousand . paul well , can you raise it ? : manion no . not until I get out of jail , but payday be next week . I can give you a hundred fifty on account . if you get I off I will give you a promissory note for the rest . paul suppose you be convict ? manion that 's a calculate risk , be not it ? -- for both of we . paul suppose I do not go along with you unless you pay I half of the fee ? manion ( a amused glint ) I would have to take a lawyer the Court would appoint . I have get my defense now , have not 1 ? -- insanity ? paul you know , I think I will just stay with you , to make damned sure you get off . manion you will not lose anything by it . . paul all right . it 's a deal , I will take the one-fifty and a promissory note when and if you be clear . manion thanks . where . do we start ? you will have to tell I . remember , I have be kind of nut and I be just recover my wit . ( continued ) 35 o 44a continued : ( 2a ) paul : you wit will do nicely , Lieutenant . we be go to need a psychiatrist and since neither of we have much money , do you think the army would stir one up for you ? ( continued ) 45 , 35 continued : ( 3 ) manion I know a colonel in the Pentagon , I will write a letter , paul you do that . okay , I will get back to you , Paul go to the door , manion what will you do now ? paul - see you wife again , for one thing . manion ( a odd pause ) why ? do not you see she yesterday ? the curious change in manion 's attitude register with Paul , paul : that 's right , idid . she 's a pretty woman = you wife . manion ( try tobe — casual ) ' a man get use to the way he wife look . paul yeah , I guess he do , ( open the door ) okay , sulo , . ( to manion ) see you . paul.exit , manion stand very still , ‘his face draw into its cold mask , 36 ext . jail - day Paul come from the jail , pause , think it over , puzzle with the disturbing scene he 's have with manion , he move on through the alleyway between the jail and courthouse , enter the rear door of the courthouse . | 37 int , corridor - courthouse - day Paul appear around the corner of the marble alleyway , come along to a door which be label , office of prosecute attorney ~~ enter the office , 38 t 's 46 , int . mitch lodwick's office - day a couple of secretary be at work at they typewriter . the door to Mitch 's private office be open and mitch be at he desk . as Paul enter the outer office , Mitch spy he , mitch ( booming ) come on in , polly ! come on in ! Paul push through the office gate and go into Mitch 's private office , the office be quite handsomely decorate with print of modern artist , new , modernistic furniture and vertical venetian blind , mitch , ( continue ) you have not be in here since you vacate , have you polly ? do not recognize the old place , huh ? my wife do it for I -- she 's a graduate decorator , smart girl , very smart girl . look at this , real genuine Van gogh print -- and here , here , try this chair . it sort of do thing . he push Paul into a large contour chair . the moment Paul sit the back drop down , the footrest leap up and the chair begin to massage . Paul endure the operation with slightly alarmed patience , lie helplessly , shaking uncomfortably . mitch ( continue ) great , be not it ? good for the nerve they say . paul ( jiggling ) . how do you shut it off ? Mitch press a button , the chair stop wiggling , snap Paul . into a ' upright position ; the footrest drop and ' he . foot hit the . ; floor , : : mitch ! there we be , feel better ? paul ( get out of the chair ) I feel all shook up , Mitch , I just stop by to tell you I have get both foot in the manion case . mitch you be go to cop out , be not you ? ( continued ) o 38 47 , continued : paul no , mitch : that 's a mistake , polly , it 's open and shut , . paul maybe . we will see . mitch judge maitland be still in the hospital , maybe you would like to agree toa continuance until he get back , if we go with the case now , we will have to try before some grab - bag judge they will send in , I , I would rather have maitland , paul so would I -= but that would also mean my client would have to lie in jail for another two or three month before the trial , now if you drop the charge down to manslaughter so I can get he out on bail , we will agree to a continuance . mitch you would not do that if you be D , a , you would not drop a charge from life down to a fifteen year maximum penalty . paul I might ... since a big fat lie-detector test on he wife give the truth to the rape story , he will have the jury with he , . mitch ( into the trap ) how : do you know == he stop suddenly , Paul grin , mitch ( continue ) bit , do n'ti ? well , anyway , the result of a lie~detector test be not admissable evidence == you can not use it . paul no , but it carry moral weight . ( continued ) i { nx a 38 39 48 , continued : ( 2 ) mitch what be you go to use for a defense ~ old box top ? paul I will think of something , ( he turn at the door ) I would not sit in that chair much , Mitch <= it could shake a man 's brain loose , he exit . ext , courthouse - day Paul come from the courthouse down the step and be greet by Laura 's dog . muff come romping across the lawn to meet he -- Laura not far behind , Laura be dress in tight western slack and boot , her blouse be navajo with the lace open , revealing the push of she ample bosom , with open-mouthed attention , the eternal loiterer be follow Laura 's progress across the lawn . muff bound into Paul 's arm , ' LAURA ( arrive ) he remember you , Paul -= he like you , paul he like the beer in my icebox , ( conscious again of the attention ' they be get ) what 's the occasion today -= a buffalo hunt ? LAURA ( childishly turn for inspection ) I get they in Arizona when we be station there , be not they smart -- I think they be very smart , paul ( avoid ) we can sit in my car <= over here , carry the dog , he lead Laura across the lawn to the parking area by the jail , {continued ) o 39 49 , continued : he open the door for she and go around to sit under the wheel . on the driver 's side of Paul 's car be the handle to a spotlight which be just outside the windshield , the spotlight be back up - by a rear-view mirror , as the scene proceed , Paul casually turn the handle , move the mirror until it be train upon the jail , inthe mirror , Paul can see manion 's cell window -- and manion be there watch , paul couple of thing have occur to I . the undergarment which barney tore off -- who have they now ? -- the police ? LAURA you mean my panty ? paul all right , you panty , LAURA I have not see they since . we give the tear skirt and sweater to the police and I go with the police up that lane into the wood but we could not find anything except my glass , paul you glass ? you do not mean you be wear glass all through that . LAURA they be in a case in my hand , I use they to read or play pinball -- thing like that , I guess I try to get out of the car and drop they . paul ' you !ll be interested 'te know you lie-deteéctor test come out in you favor , LAURA of course it do . I could have tell you it would , paul you be not worried about it ? LAURA ( lay she hand on he arm ) no , why should I be ? { continued ) 50 , 39 continued : ( 2 ) paul '' '' would you like to have something to od worry about ? LAURA silly , paul like you husband watch we from he cell window , Laura jerk she hand away from he arm as if it have be burn , she almost cower in the corner , shaken , she take off she dark glass and cover she eye for a moment with she hand , paul ( continue ) all right , let 's have it , LAURA ( murmure ) : do he.say something to you ? paul just enough . be you afraid of he ? LAURA ( murmure ) oo yes . paul be that the reason you volunteer for a lie-detector test -- for he ? LAURA yes , paul I will tell he how the test turn out . LAURA oput on she dark glass ) you be very kind , you really be , Paul , paul do he have reason to be jealous ? LAURA even before we be marry he be jealous , ( more ) @ ( continued ) a a 39 40 41 51 . continued : ( 3 ) LAURA ( cont would ) I should have know how it would be . but it 's funny -- he like to show I off , like I to dress the way I dress , but then he 's furious if a man pay attention to I . I have try to leave he , but I can not -- he beg and I give in , paul if you think I have forget my question , I have not . LAURA ( regain she smile ) ihave , paul I 'v. ask it again . do he have any reason to be jealous ? LAURA ( she seem to be measure Paul from behind the dark glass ) no . not once -- not ever . the shot goe out on Paul 's probing , calculate gaze . fade out . fade in : ext . OPEN highway - day Paul 's dusty car speed along the lovely , wild lake shore . int . paul be car - day maida be ' in the back seat . Paul be drive , with parnell slump beside he . parnell be pale and perspire , touch he brow now and then with a handkerchief which he hold wad in he palm , in he other hand he hold a half empty bottle of red soda pop . paul the one thing that can bust this case open be manion 's jealousy . ( continued ) 52 . 41 continued : parnell let 's thank we little apple we have o lodwick on the other side , he will never tumble to it , paul maybe , ( glance at parnell ) I should not have ask you to lay off the booze , parnell I will do it if it kill I , paul : you look like it might . parnell take a swig of the soda , make a face . paul ( continue ) at least let I get you a beer instead of that strawberry pop . parnell strawberry pop remind I of a better day in my life , strawberry pop in a bucket of ice with a picnic basket by the lake and my pretty nora still alive . no , no beer , I will stick with this , maida will someone tell I why I be commandeer for this junket to ' Thunder Bay ? q. paul : you be go to get a manicure in the beauty parlor and gather all the gossip you can about the decease barney quill , maida why ? paul we have get to sell the jury on Mrs , manion 's rape story . a lot of it will depend on what kind of man quill be , that 's what we be go to find out , if we can . they drive on , @ dissolve to : 42 43 53 . ext , STREET in thunder BAY - day a wind , rambling street on the lake shore -- busy now , but in the winter most of it will be shutter , Thunder Bay be that kind of place . music blare from the bingo parlor -- a sport store with its fishing tackle on the sidewalk engage the rapt attention of vacation fisherman -- testing rod , tinkering with reel . Children in bathing suit run across the street without regard for traffic -- the traffic poke along -- plump matron in short at the hot dog stand ~~ a occasional slim , blossoming girl in a bathing suit -- man in white duck and sun visor == soldier off duty , most of the movement be to and from the lake where rowboat drift about in the sun , fisherman ' cast from the pier and swimmer dive from the float , Paul 's car come slowly on the street , draw up to the curb by a sign which advertise -- brigitte's beauty shoppe , the car door open and maida step to the sidewalk , paul meet I for lunch at barney 's inn... down at the end of the street , maida right , she close the rear door , move away toward the beauty shop and enter , the front car door open and parnell bumble out , paul where be you go ? parnell I be go to tool around the tavern in search of truth , paul maybe you would better stay with I . parnell trust I , lad = trust I , I will arrive at the inn load with nothing more than strawberry pop . he close the car-door , adjust he hat at a rakish angle and stroll down the street . Paul drive away . ext , thunder BAY inn - day a large , three - story frame structure with a fresh coat of white paint , screen ~ in verandas , its lawn shade by elderly tree . it isa well - keep relic from the turn of the century when Thunder Bay be a more graceful resort , outside the hotel be park numerous car and tourist come and go from the main entrance , ( continued ) 43 44 54 , continued : a unlight neon-sign identify ' the thunder BAY inn " and in smaller script advertise , '' Breakfast , lunch and dinner , " and in block letter , '' cocktail . '' the bar room have a separate entrance and be label by a unlight neon-sign as the " bar , " its door be close and the window shutter with venetian blind . Paul drive up and find a parking space near the entrance to the bar . he get out of the car and scan the front of the hotel before go to the door of the bar room . on the close door a sign read , " OPEN 5 p.m . " Paul push the door , find it mlock , enter . int . the inn - bar - day like all bar concerned with evening business , the afternoon atmosphere be cool , pleasant and restful . it be darken , except for back - bar light and sunlight filter from around the close venetian blind , it be at the moment completely desert . a bartender have be at work , prepare the bar for its evening business . a collection of empty bottle be on one end of the bar , the glassware be cover by white cloth and a can of bar polish be on the bar with a polish rag . at one end of the bar be a couple of pinball machine -- near the door , chair be stack on the table and in the booth . behind the bar one section of the bar mirror be devote to a display of gold and silver loving cup and a collection of enlarge snapshot , mainly show a broad -chest , curly haire man of about fifty . some of the picture include other people , but always the curly haire man be prominent -~ hold a prize angle catch -- with a rifle in he hand and a dead buck on the fender of he car -- with a target pistol raise and pose -- and several other picture of the same man , probably make when he be in he twenty , wear box glove and in fight pose . one of the most recent snapshot present the man stripped to the waist , pose with a double - bitte axe above a neatly severe log . Beyond the bar a short flight of step lead up to a close door above which a sign read : " to lobby . " . Paul , upon enter the room from the outside , pause until he eye become accustom to the darkness , glance . about , flip the : plunger ‘on . one of . the pinball machine ; move ..o n'to the bar . his attention be attract by the display of photograph and loving cup . he move around behind the bar , pick up a gold cup , read its inscription , replace it , examine another , his attention go to the snapshot and he put on he glass for a finer study of the picture . from he Pov the camera close in and move from picture to picture . now in turn to come from behind the bar , he notice a narrow shelf build up under one end of the bar . he stoops , look into the shelf , find it empty . . puazle with the contraption he tentatively slip he hand into the narrow space and suddenly withdraw the hand , finger and thumb cocked to represent a pistol , he look down the length of the bar and see two more shelf of like character , one in the center by the space reserve for waiter 's service and the other at the far end , . ( continued ) 55 . 44 continued : ~*~ he start to move along back of the bar toward this other shelf , oc but the lobby door open , there in the doorway be a small , dark , , hard - face man with black , inscrutable eye , this be paquette , paquette all right ? -- you like it - back there all right ? paul I be look at this picture . this be barney quill , be not it ? paquette that 's right -- barney quill , paul my name 's Paul biegler , I be -- — — -... paquette I know who you be . I have see you around Iron City , paul you do not tell I you name , do you ? paquette paquette . a paquette take up the polish and the rag , go to work on the bar surface . Paul move around and sit on a stool , paquette ( continue ) we do not open until five o'clock , paul ican wait . I have not get the shake yet . you be on the job that night , be not you -- the night barney be '' kill ? ' paquette like the newspaper say , I be present , paul you be the one who stop Lieutenant manion outside , be not you ? paquette that 's right . he point the gun at I and say , ' you want some tao , oe buster ?! '' ( continued ) cd 44 56 . gontinued : ( 2 ) paul and you say ' no ' because you name be not buster . paquette there be not anything funny about it , Mr. biegler , paul . _ sorry . I be afflict with a sense of humor . where be you when barney be kill , Mr. paquette ? paquette do not answer , industriously work at he polish job . paul ( continue ) I have a feel you do not want to talk about that night , Mr. paquette . paquette be not that funny ? I have the same feel . paul you will have to talk to I in gourt . why not now ? paquette because I do not have to now . reason enough , okay ? paul ( look at the photograph ) barney be kind of a rough character , be not he ? -- ex - prize fighter , muscle man , fancy with gun . , paquette he pay he debt -- he run a clean place . I , I like he , paul be you run the place now ? paquette I just work here . Mary 's run thing . paul barney 's wife ? ( continued ) qd : o 44 45 57 . continued : ( 3 ) paquette he do not have a wife . Mary be -- he manager , paul I see , I wonder who will inherit the place . paquette Mary , I guess , paul Mary again , huh ? paquette what 's the matter with that ? paul you mean , what 's the matter with Mary ? I do not know what 's the matter with Mary . Mary what ? paquette pilant -- Mary pilant . int . brigitte's beauty shoppe - day the usual beauty shop scene . woman under the drier -- get they hair comb -- they face do . in the f.g. a manicurist bend forward to confide in she customer . manicurist ( indicate a close booth toward the back of the shop ) she 's in there -- get dress . : it 's not for I to say what she be . : but all . I know.is ... ' tke curtain over the booth be sweep back and a dark -haire , very lovely girl come out . she be dress ina simple summer dress , she 's in she twenty -- a fresh , pleasant face , slender , handsome figure . . there be strength and pride in she clear eye . she come toward the front of the shop , pass the manicurist stand and from another angle we see that maida be the manicurist 's customer , when mary have pass by : manicurist ( continue ) that 's she -- that 's Mary pilant . we do not talk about we customer here but if we do , which we do not ... and you be sure maida be about to get all the dirt . 46 58 , ext , a thunder BAY Beer garden - day a small beer garden on the lake front , the place be crowded with soldier , most of they in fatigue . the soldier serve themselves , carry the beer from inside the tavern . a awning be spread over the area , the camera move in on one of this outdoor table where parnell be sit with a group of soldier , a bottle of soda pop in he hand , a lean , tough sergeant be talk : sergeant .. it 's all right see , for he to take a Army wife and beat she up == but just let one of we guy make a little pass at that babe he 's get at the hotel and he tell the guy to get out and stay out , quill get what be come to he , that 's the way we feel about it , parnell do you know Lieutenant manion 's wife ? . .- sergeant sure , know the Lieutenant , too . he 's a good officer , she 's all right , too -~ friendly =- a good kid , a corporal at the table make a nasty little chuckle , sergeant ( continue ; quick and hard ) what do you know about it ? knock it off , corporal I do not mean anything , she 's a dish . what 's the matter with that ? sergeant you want this lawyer to get wrong idea ? what chance have the Lieutenant 's get , Mr. mccarthy ? parnell pretty good , I would say - with a couple of character witness like you . sergeant : I would like to help he - I sure would but we be move out - Berlin , parnell oh , tell I ~ who !s this " babe ! at the hotel ? ( continued ) 46 47 48 59 . continued : sergeant name 's Mary pilant . she be quill 's private property , int . thunder BAY inn - lobby - day a atmosphere of uncontrive hominess , unpretentious , clearly attractive to the small income vacationer seek a home away from home . the lobby be thriving and a group of guest be gather by the close door to the dining room , wait for the lunch hour to arrive , paulis among they , the double dining room door be swing open by a waitress and guest file into the dining room =~ a spacious , cool place which include part of the screen veranda and overlook the lake . Paul hesitates in the doorway . int . dine room - day Mary pilant , act as hostess , seat a group of tourist , go to Paul , approach he from the side . he do not see she until she __ 7 speak , ce mary would you like atable , sir ? paul yes please ... ( he be strike by the lovely face ) wee yes , I would , mary . will you be alone ? paul I will be join by two other . she lead the way across the room to the veranda , Paul follow and in he retire way obviously attract .to this girl . at the table on the veranda she draw a chair back for Paul . paul ( continue ; sit , fumble with he hat ) thanks , mary May I take you hat ? paul _ well , yes , if you will -- ( continued ) 48 60 . continued : Mary take the hat and offer the menu , smile and leave . his eye follow she as she go to the hat rack and deposit he hat . she turn back , smile , gesture to where she have place the hat . Paul nod he thanks , a waitress come from through the swinging door of the kitchen , speak to Mary and nod toward the kitchen . she go through the swinging door and the camera move in on the door . moment pass . the swinging door be push open , just a crack , and Mary 's face be half see look out into the dining room toward Paul . behind Mary be paquette , nodd and whisper , seem to say , '' that 's he . " Mary let the door close over she face . maida enter , spy Paul , wend she way through the table to the veranda . Paul rise , pull a chair back for maida . paul how be the manicure ? ' maida ask I any question about anybody . I have get all the dope . paul can you tell I about 2a woman name Mary pilant ? maida easy . Mary pilant may or may not have be the mistress of the late B. quill . the manicurist be in favor of the mistress theory and the hair stylist be agin it . but all agree some kind of hanky - panky be go on here . ( she see Mary approach the table ) to be continue . mary . ( extend a : meny ) a menu ? . . maida thank you . Mary move on . maida , glance after she , turn back to Paul , see that he too , be watch after Mary . maida ( continue ) pretty , huh ? paul very pretty . . go ahead . ( continued ) o 61 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) maida there be one story which say that barney 's wild night with Mrs. manion be somehow trigger by Mary pilant --. seem she have be step out with a soldier and barney blow he stack , get tank up and explode , paul who be this pilant -- local ? maida no , a canadian , barney bring she in to dress up this place and she stay to manage for he , I would say she 's do all right . paul better than all right -- she 's in for the estate . om maida - she do not look like a bad sort , do she ? look sweet . paul ( glance about ) where ? maida what da you mean where ? the pretty one with the menus , Paul stare at maida almost shocked , astonish , he look toward the door where Mary be stand , Mary be watch he table . they eye meet and she turn away to greet parnell who have at this moment arrive at the dining room entrance . parnell gesture toward Paul 's table - and Mary lead the way to the table , . paul ~ " ( rise ) ~ : miss pilant , may I introduce myself , I be Paul biegler , attorney for Lieutenant manion , this be Mrs. rutledge , and Mr. mccarthy , my associate , ( a general acknowledgment ) could you sit with we for a minute ? mary ( glance at the empty dining room door } yes , I can take a minute . ( continued ) o 48 62 . continued : ( 3 ) parnell draw a chair out for Mary and then seat himeelf , paul I would like to ask a few thing , if you do not mind ? mary what sort of thing , Mr. biegler ? paul like what kind of a man you employer be -- Mr. quill , mary a very nice man , paul if that 's true , how do you explain what happen with Lieutenant . manion 's wife ? mary I do not know what happen with Lieutenant manion 's wife , so there really be not anything for I to explain , be there ? , guest appear in the dining room doorway and Mary rise . mary ( continue ) would you pardon I ? the waitress will take you order when you be ready . so nice to have meet you -- Mr. biegler -- Mr. mccarthy ~ - Mrs. rutledge . she move away . paul lo ( look after Mary ) parn , what do you get on quill ? parnell nothing we could turn into evidence . nothing that would make anybody believe he be a rapist . a waitress come to the table , say " order please , " and the three companion consult they menus . dissolve to : 49 63 . int , thunder BAY inn - lobby - day Paul , follow by maida and parnell , enter from the dining room , Paul go to the hotel desk where a clerk -- a plain , harass man ~- be work at a add machine , paul I beg you pardon , . clerk yessir ? paul I be Paul biegler , attorney at law . I represent the soldier who shot Mr. quill , I be just wonder -- do you happen to be on duty that night ? clerk why yes sir , as a matter of fact I be ... the clerk 's attention be draw away from Paul to Mary pilant who be stand in the dining room door , she give a minute negative shake of she head . Paul turn to follow the clerk 's gaze -- then turn back to the clerk , clerk sorry , I like my job , Mr. biegler . Paul nod , understanding that Mary have silence the clerk . he go toward the main exit , pause as he come abreast of Mary , parnell and maida beside he . . paul you loyalty.to the dead Mr. quill be very touch , miss pilant , . mary barney be well like here , by everyone , Mr. biegler . ao paul . very generous of everyone to overlook hie little fault -- like raping other men' wife . Mary color -- tear spring instantly into she eye . abruptly she walk away . parnell if she could have help you have sure fix that wagon now . paul it be already fix . what I do not understand be why . why do not they want to part with some simple , honest information about barney quill and he character ? dissolve to : 50 64 . int . manton be jail cell - day ; manign be play a game of casino through the bar with duane miller , a small narrow table be draw against the bar on Miller 's side . Miller be a ravage , hungry ~ look prisoner with shifty eye and a slack mouth , manion ( slapping a card down ) build seven , miller ( take the seven ) thanks , mate . manion nslap another card down ) build king . miller {takes the king ) thanks , mate . manion ( throw in he card ) take ‘em all . he fling away from the game , go to a window , he back to Miller , nervously light a cigarette . with a lop-side grin , Miller watch manion . from below the SOUND of the steel door open and close -- step on the iron stair , and Paul appear on the landing -- go to the bar of manion 's cell , paul any word , Lieutenant ? manion turn to Paul , take out a letter , pass it through the bar . manion this -- from Washington . they will let a doctor come to testify , but there 's a string on it , Paul open the letter , read it , he face grow impatient . paul I can not get you to the Army Hospital in Detroit for the examination . do not the Army understand you be in jail on a non~bailable offense ? manion ( indicate the letter } that 's it -- as far as the Army 's concerned , | ( continued ) 65 . 50 continued : oo paul vy ( put the letter in he pocket ) I do not know how I can get around this hump but I will try to do something .. manion my wife have not be here for two day . have you see she ? paul not for a while , manion where the hell be she ? paul you have get other thing to worry about , Lieutenant . I will get in touch with she -- tell she you miss she , manion ( flatly ) yeah -- you tell she that . manion glumly watch Paul go down the stair . then , in anger , 'w ) hurl he light cigarette against the far wall of the cell -- fall disconsolately on he bunk . Miller , from he cell , have watch the scene between Paul and manion . now he come close to the bar , miller know how you feel , Lieutenant , I would be paw the ground too if I have something like that outside , manion like what outside ? miller oh , man , you know what I mean -- something like that walk around on the loose . in a finely coordinate movement , manion rise , reach through the bar , catch Miller 's hair , jerk Miller down and against the bar , Miller yell in pain , wrench away , fall back across he cot , fast step on the iron stair and sulo appear from below . sulo now , what 's the big noise , buckos ? @ miller I , dummy . [ hit my shin.on this lousy iron cot , . ( continued ) ; - | oo 50 51 - 66 . continued : ( 2 ) sulo you want some rub alcohol maybe ? miller no . but I guess a little bourbon would help . a general laugh go up from the inmate , cat call and bronx cheer , sulo knock it down , buckos -=- knock it down , dissolve to : - int , —a-roadhouse_=_night__ a OPEN on a hand slapping the string of a bass fiddle -- slapping time to gut - bucket jazz . move from the bass fiddle to a drummer , eye close , lip move , beat it out on he trap , move on to the keyboard of a piano where two pair of hand be play aduet . pull back and find Paul happily sit beside the negro piano man , both enjoy the music they be make . Paul be a little amateurish with he treble end , miss a trick now and then but catch up with a grin . a drink stand above he on the piano top , the camera pull back farther to reveal the small smoky roadhouse in its entirety , booth and dance floor be crowded with young people and a few who be not so young , now return to the combo and watch they kick it around -~ Paul in the midst of it , satisfy himself by be a part of the noise which be call jazz . . laura' voice hey , what a crazy lawyer we have get . Paul look up from the keyboard and from he Pov we see Laura , dress as usual in tight - fitting pants and sweater , about half tight , ' dance with a second Lieutenant . LAURA hi , polly -- that 's what they call . you , be not it , polly ? that 's a crazy name for a crazy lawyer . in close up Paul be not smile , he face suddenly tight and grim , eye follow Laura as she dance away . from another 's angle across Paul , she move away with the Lieutenant -- another soldier cut in -- this one be a rock dancer and he and Laura execute some of the more intricate step of the sensuous dance . the number end with a crash of cymbal from the drummer . Paul , watch Laura , take he drink from the piano and rise . the combo begin a new number . ( continued ) 51 52 67 . continued : paul thanks for let I sit in , pie - Eye . pie - eye you quittin ' I , man ? paul nmove away ) see you , Paul cross the dance floor to the booth where Laura be sit down with three soldier , two of they lieutenant , one of they a sergeant . LAURA hi , polly . fellow , this be manny 's lawyer . there be a general acknowledgment . : a lieutenant sit down , will not you ? paul sorry , I can not right now . could I speak to you for a moment Mrs. manion -~ outside ? LAURA Mrs. manion ? I think we would drop the formality a long time ago . paul I think we will pick they up again . this be important , LAURA okay . I will go with you . one of the soldier rise to let she out of the booth , sergeant hey , you be come back , be not you ? LAURA sure -* what do you think ? a little unsteadily she walk across the room to the main exit . Paul place he glass on the table and follow , ext . ROADHOUSE - night Paul and Laura emerge from the noisy joint , the exterior illuminate with a glaring red and green neon sign read : pie - eyex , ( continued ) 52 continued : 68. Laura turn to Paul , smile , she face catch in the color of the neon light , eye a little sleepy , she face soft with the pleasure of alcohol , he take she paul do not you get my phone message ? . LAURA yes , but I get busy . paul why have not you be to see you husband ? LAURA I do not see why I have to see he every day . paul it 's a good idea if you do , LAURA all right . I will see he every day . okay ? paul no , not okay . where 's you car ? LAURA I come with they , paul my car 's over here , arm , LAURA now wait a minute -- I get friend inside , of paul | Friends or no friend -= you be go home , LAURA say , who do you think you ... paul I be a lawyer try to beat a rap for you husband , remember ? LAURA well , what 's that get to do ... ( continued ) 52 53 69 . continued : ( 2 ) paul everything , Mrs. manion , until : the trial 's over you be go to be a meek little housewife in horn - rimmed spectacle -- you be go to stay away from man , juke joint , booze and pinball machine , you be go to wear a skirt , low rheele shoe , and a girdle =~ especially a girdle , I do not as a rule complain about a attractive jiggle , but you can save that jiggle for you husband to look at ~- when and if I can get he out of jail . Laura 's eye grow large and hurt , tear well up and 's she turn away . LAURA I be sorry . I really be .. I would not — - co hurt manny 's chance for anything , paul let 's go . again he take she arm and lead she through the park car to he own machine , . . dissolve to : ext , thunder BAY tourist park - night the gate of the darken park be close , Paul 's car wheel up and stop , he open Laura 's door , she get out and he behind she , . paul be this about where barney knock } you down ? / ; LAURA : yes , right here . over there -- that 's the open in the fence where muff be run around with the flashlight . they walk to the stile open in the fence , go through , paul where 's you trailer ? LAURA this way -~ by the lake . they set out along the dark path through the tree . toward the lake . 54 55 70 , another location on lake path the lake be silvere by the moon , the night be quiet except for a breeze high in the treetop , Paul and Laura come along the path , she turn out onto a promontory , LAURA this be my favorite place , sometimes when manny be sleep I would come here and just sit , ihad to get out of that trailer . ica not stand be coope up all the time , {a pause ) I be lonely , Paul , I be awful lonely , I would not have go to that roadhouse except for that -- you know , paul maybe you be get in some : good practice be lonely , LAURA ( a search pause ) you mean maybe manny will not get off ? paul twelve juror , good and true , will tell we that . ' LAURA if he do not it would be one way to end it . no , no , I do not mean that , I might think that sometimes , but I do not really want that , she wearily move back to the path , Paul follow . ext , manion ! trailer - night the light be burn in the trailer , Paul and Laura arrive . Laura . open : the door and 's muff bound out of the trailer into Laura 's arm , LAURA ( hugging the dog ) hello , sweetie -- do you miss I , sweetie ? of course you miss I , she turn to Paul , that tremulous smile on she lip , LAURA ( continue ) Paul , would you come in ? you can if you want to == you know , paul you forgive I if I do not , Goodbye , Laura , . ( continued ) 55 56 57 71 , continued : LAURA good night , he walk away . LAURA ( continue ; call softly ) thanks . the camera goe with Paul as he walk away and out of the scene . Laura remain by the open door of the trailer , catch in its light , a small figure very much alone , pathetically alone . fade out : fade in : int , iron cliff county courtroom - full shot - courtroom - day a large and impressive vault room with stain glass window in its dome -~ a room which reflect its great and grave function . only a few spectator dot the bench . Inside the bar the jury 's seat be empty , the attorney ' bench crowded and the prisoner ' bench contain a assortment of man and woman to be arraign . the court clerk be in he place and sheriff battisfore be at he desk , the sheriff be a worried - look , middle - age man ~~ kindly and plodd . among the lawyer be Paul and parnell , Mitch lodwick be at the prosecute attorney 's table . the door to the judge 's chamber open , the people of the courtroom rise as judge weaver enter , climb the step to the austere mahogany bench . he 's middle - age , with a powerful face , sharp eye which can twinkle or flash impressive authority , the sheriff rap with he : gavel when the judge be seat . - a ' '' sheriff hear ye , hear ye , hear ye . the circuit Court for the County of Iron Cliffs be now in session , you can be seat , . closer shot - judge weaver on he bench . he thumb the court docket , glance around the room at the prisoner , at the lawyer and , from he Pov , the camera pass over this man . among the prisoner be a cheerful look old codger name madigan , ( continued ) 57 o 58 oo 59 72 . continued : parnell , sit beside Paul , be dress in he best -- cleanly shaven , suit press , the collar of he white shirt ravele but clean , he hair plaster down , he be ill at ease , judge weaver ( after a careful study of the people before he ) for that of you I have not meet , my name be weaver . I be from downstate and I be sit temporarily while you good judge maitland be recover from a severe illness , there 's no need to dwell at length upon my method . one judge be much like another , the only difference may be in the state of they digestion or they proclivity for sleep on the bench . for myself , ican digest pig iron , and while I might appear to doze occasionally , you will find that I keep ore éye open for tricky lawyer , ee close shot - paul and parnell Paul be pleased with the erudition of the new judge . he and parnell exchange quick glance and parnell raise he brow in approval , full shot = courtroom - inside bar judge weaver ( consulting he docket ) we will take up the call of the criminal docket , people versus clarence madigan , break and enter _ in the night , Mitch ' lodwick rise and take 'a record of crirninal information from the Court reporter 's desk , : mitch ( read ) ~ State of Michigan , Court of Iron Cliffs . I , Mitchell lodwick prosecute attorney , come into say county of Iron Cliffs and give the Court to understand that one clarence madigan , alias ' one - shot madigan , ' alias ' smoky madigan , ' do break and enter the dwelling house of casper katz and do there commit the felony of larceny on say premise = contrary to the statute in such case make and provide and against the peace and dignity of the people of the State of Michigan , ( continued ) 73 , 59 continued ; he pass the information record up to judge weaver . judge weaver will the prisoner stand ? madigan ( rise , move toward the bench ) that 's I , you honor . judge weaver do Mr , madigan have a attorney ? madigan nope . a man 's get to have money to ask they fellow the time of day . there 's small laughter from the lawyer ! bench , judge weaver Mr. madigan , if you be impoverish it 's my duty to appoint a attorney in you behalf . madigan 's I would not bother , you honor . I steal the whiskey , I be guilty as hell , . mitch it be a full case of expensive bourbon , you honor . madigan it be sure good stuff , judge . judge weaver do you plead guilty or not guilty to the offense charge against you ? . madigan I be just as guilty as old scratch , you honor , judge weaver do you sell this whiskey ? . madigan no , sir -- drank it , judge weaver all of it ? ( continued ) d 59 74 , continued : ( 2 ) madigan you bet , you honor . judge weaver be you aware that it will be necessary to punish you for this crime ? madigan it be worth it , you honor , judge weaver I will accept you plea of guilty , Mr. madigan , you will be sentence later , you may now return to you place . ~ madigan thanks , you honor , / judge weaver you be quite welcome , Mr. madigan , {he consult the docket ) people versus Frederick manion . the charge -- murder , paul ( rise ) Paul biegler for the defendant . my formal appearance be already on file . judge weaver which of this man be you client , Mr , biegler ? paul none of they , you honor , judge weaver sheriff battisfore , will you produce the prisoner ? sheriff ( uncomfortably ) I be afraid I can not do that , you honor , there be a portentous silence in the courtroom . judge weaver look from the unhappy sheriff to the embarrassed Paul and finally to the scared Mitch , judge weaver perhaps someone should explain , I be not clairvoyant , ( continued ) 75 . 59 continued : ( 3 ) Mitch , Paul and the sheriff all start to speak at the same time and instantly stop , judge weaver I 'l take it from Mr. biegler . paul the defendant be in Detroit be examine by a psychiatrist , you honor , judge weaver sheriff battisfore , should not the Court have be consult before the defendant be allow to leave its jurisdiction ? paul you honor , we be deal with the * Army on this matter and this be the only crack the Army would give we at one of they psychiatrist , the Court be not present and it be urgent that we get the defendant to the psychiatrist . judge weaver what do the Attorney for the people say to this ? mitch it be do with my knowledge , you honor , judge weaver I have always hear that this Upper Peninsula of we fair state be a queer place . if it 's . customary here to allow a man. charge first degree murder to : wander 'abi ' will , I do not suppose it behoove a outsider to point out that the law make no provision for such quaint liberalism , paul you honor , the defendant be ina deputy 's care and will be return this evening . he 's a officer in the United States Army and not likely to try to run away , . judge weaver well , since I be a outsider and outnumber , I will stretch a point for the local team , {more ) ( continued ) 76 , . 59 continued : ( 4 ) oc . judge weaver ( cont would ) we will formally arraign the defendant upon he return , for the sake of the docket can you give I a clue to he plea ? paul the defendant will waive read of the information and stand mute , judge weaver a plea of not guilty will be enter , the case of Frederick manion will be place first on the docket , ( again consulting he docket ) people versus Peter finnley and lois Green -- lewd and lascivious co ~ habitation , as the defendant , Peter and lois , a poor shabby pair , shuffle forward to the judge 's bench , the sheriff mop he face in great relief , Paul sit and parnell lean to he , parnell ny ( whisper ) we have get a real judge , polly -- real honest - to - God judge . dissolve to : 60 int , iron CITY railroad station - waiting room - night the wait room be desert , a telegraph key lonesomely clicking in the station master 's office , through the window we see a train stand before ' the station . a load mail cart be be pull down the platform , a.few trainmen be hustling about they inspection , manion anda deputy sheriff be step ‘off a coach :.to meet Paul , parnell and sheriff battisfore . there be a handshake between Paul and manion , a quick huddle with sheriff battisfore and all move toward the door of the wait room . sheriff battisfore open the door , allow Paul , parnell and manion to enter , sheriff can you hurry it up , polly ? somebody tell that judge the prisoner be loung around the railroad station he will really give I the work , @ paul only take a minute , sheriff , ( continued ) 60 77 . continued : sheriff battisfore close the door , remain outside with the deputy . paul ( continue ) how do it turn out , Lieutenant ? manion he say I be temporarily insane , ' Paul and parnell exchange pleased glance , paul you better give we some of the detail , manion ( sit on the bench ) he 's write a letter to you , but I make some note on my own . he unfold a piece of notepaper . Paul and parnell stand above he , manion ( continue ) the doctor 's name be Smith , parnell Smith ? anatole wolfgang Smith or ludwig von Smith ihope . a name like that will impress the jury , manion no , just plain Matthew Smith , ( consulting he note ) he say when I shot quill I be suffer from ... ( he pronounce _ at carefully ) se sie ' dissociative : reaction , ! . paul dissociative reaction . that sound good -- very good , parnell what 's it mean in plain English ? manion ( consulting he note ) it mean that I have a irresistible impulse to shoot quill , Paul and parnell stare at manion in blank shock , ( continued ) 78 , 60 continued : ( 2 ) o manion a ( continue ; look from face to face ) that 's okay , be not it ? paul what do he say about you know the difference between right and wrong when you shot quill ? manion I do not think he say anything . be that important ? , paul ( after a moment ) we better not keep the sheriff wait ! any longer , . ( he open the door ) all right , sheriff . manion , puzzle by the glum reception of he news , leave with the ' sheriff , paul ( continue ; close cg . the door ) thanks , sheriff , you will have my vote in perpetuity , manion and sheriff battisfore , accompany by the deputy , walk past the window outside -- disappear , parnell sit on a bench , gloomily study the floor , parnell ( burp delicately ) damn strawberry soda . Paul meander aimlessly about the wait room , parnell . ( continue ) : you ever hear of a Michigan court accept irresistible impulse as insanity ? paul maybe we should switch to self - defense . parnell even Mitch lodwick would make a monkey out of we on that . ( continued ) 79 , outside the train whistle and begin to move out of the station . Paul stick a penny in a glass peanut vend machine . it do not work , he slap it once and it work . paul {above the SOUND of the roll train , hold out he cup hand to parnell ) want some peanut ? parnell shake he head in the negative . Paul lean against the wall , eat the peanut until the train be go . . parnell tomorrow 's Saturday . we have only four day till the trial . when do you want to start work ? paul in the morning -- early . dissolve to : ext . church in iron CITY - sunday morning the SOUND of distant church bell over the town as the congregation of this church stream out into the morning sun . woman in bright hat , man in dark Sunday suit , child scrubbed and starch , the minister at the door shaking hand .. among the people come from the church be judge weaver . he shake hand with the minister , put on he hat , stride away down the street toward the courthouse . no loiterer here on the lawn this sabbath morning . the judge arrive , , . carty he weight lightly , hat square on ’his big head , face - at : peace . he enter : the desert building . ~~ int . courthouse - rotunda in the high , silent rotunda the judge cross to the wide marble 60 continued : ( 3 ) 61 62 ext , courthouse - Day 63 stair and go up . 64 int , upstair ' corridor - courthouse the judge arrive at the landing , turn into the corridor , walk along toward he chamber , ( continued ) 64 65 66 67 80 . continued : he pass double swinging door in which there be small oval window . above the door be a sign -- law library . as the . judge pass , from inside the library there be the SOUND ofa book be snap shut . the judge halt and in curiosity retrace he step , push open one of the library 's swinging door . int , law library - day the law library be a tall room with a narrow balcony , provide access to the shelf above . sunlight fall through high , dusty window . the judge have halt just inside the doorway . from he Pov the camera scan a table litter with brown paper sack , a half - empty bottle of milk , several paper plate with the remain of sandwich , a ashtray heape with italian cigar butt and maybe a dozen empty and half - empty bottle of strawberry soda pop . the judge lift he gaze to the library balcony and from he Pov the camera pan upto the balcony . on one side of the room , Paul be on the baicony ladder , deeply engross in a _. _ heavy tome , on the other balcony across the room , parnell be crawl along on he knee , search for a certain volume . both man be in they shirtsleeve , both need a shave . without - a flicker of expression , the judge watch the two lawyer who do not see he , so absorb be they in they work . silently the judge back out of the room , let the swinging door close , int . upstair corridor - courthouse the judge peer through the small oval window in the close library door . he smile a tiny smile and amble on towards he chamber . int . law library parnell on the balcony have find he book and be sit on a stool peruse it . the camera move in toa close shot . | ' his-eyebrow . begin to lift , he eye to shine . parnell polly ... polly ! across the room Paul , excited , be climb down from he perch on the ladder . paul ( shouting ) parn , listen to this . listen ... parnell ( shouting ) never mind that . just find people versus durfee , 62 Michigan 487 . Year 1886 ... ( continued ) 81 . 67 continued : paul . that 's it , that 's what I have get - right here in the a , l.r , ! ( read ) ' the right and wrong test , though condemn as be unscientific , be adhere to by most of the state , but ' ... parn , listen to * this ' but '. , . ' but the fact that one accuse of commit a crime may have be able to comprehend the nature and consequence of this act and to know that it be wrong , nevertheless 's ...! parnell ah , that sweet , endear word ' nevertheless , ! paul ' , .. nevertheless if he be force to its execution by a impulse which he be powerless to control , he will . be excused from punishment !!! the Michigan Supreme Court do accept irresistible impulse . it 's precedent , parn , we be in , God bless dear old durfee , year 1886 , both man come scramble down from the balcony , meet at the litter table . _parnell ( grab a bottle of pop ) read some more , polly . let I have it all , paul ( read ) ' , .. or if he have not the power to resist the impulse to do the act ...! parnell ( take : a swig of — : strawberry soda ) by the saint , this strawberry soda pop be beginning to taste like good rye whiskey ! paul ( sit , make note ) yeah - well , do not get drunk yet because this be just a candle in the wind , we have get to convince a jury we client be irresistibly impulse , parnell ( sober ) that 's a fact , he automatically start to take another swig of pop , catch himself in time and put the bottle aside with great distaste , ~ dissolve to : 68 69 70 82 . int , courthouse rotunda - day group of people stand about the rotunda , the marble stairway be crowded , mostly with older woman , curiosity seeker look for _athrill , from the main entrance come claude dancer , a slight man , conservatively but expensively dress , not a man to draw immediate attention -~ but as he thread he way through the clot of people in the rotunda and up the marble stair the camera examine he a little more closely -- obsidian eye , a control intellectual face -- the face of a perceptive , clever ' man . as he push up the stair he apologize to that he brushes against , tip he hat to a group of lady as he press on . _top of courthouse stair 's here the main door to the courtroom be guard by a deputy sheriff and here the traffic jam end in a hubbub of protest . in the bear g. dancer be work he way up the stair . / a woman that courtroom can hold another hundred people , I know . deputy sorry , folk , this new judge will not allow any standee . you might as well go on home , dancer arrive , hand the deputy a slip of paper . the deputy glance at the paper and open the courtroom door , deputy yessir , go right in . . dancer oremove he hat ashe enter ) thank you , officer . courtroom dancer halt just inside the main door as they close behind he , from he Pov we look across the head of the seat spectator to where judge weaver be on he bench , question the juror . judge weaver now lady and gentleman of the jury , before we proceed further I must examine you for qualification to sit here as juror , please remember you be under oath . 83 . 71 inside the bar judge weaver begin to question the jury . judge weaver be all of you citizen ? raise you hand if you be not . . dancer be come down the aisle toward the gate . judge weaver ( continue ) be any of you deaf or in poor health ? ( a mumble of " no 's " ) be any of you over seventy and wish to be excuse ? a mumble of " no 's , " dancer have enter the bar where Mitch rise to meet he , shake he hand , present he with a chair at the prosecutor 's table . judge weaver a. ( continue ) - Te have any of you serve on a jury in a circuit Court in the last twelve month ? ( a mumble of " no 's " ' ) be any of you government or sos municipal employee and wish to be excuse ? a mumble of no 's , " . parnell , who sit with maida on the spectator ' bench immediately behind Paul and manion , have see dancer 's entrance . as the judge 's question proceed , parnell take a note pad from he pocket , scratch a note , hand it to maida who lean forward , pass it to Paul . Paul scan the note . 72 insert : note : " the guy with Mitch be trouble - shooter from Attorney General 's office . I have see he in action in Detroit . look out . " 73 close shot - paul he fold the note before glance toward Mitch 's table . at Mitch 's table , dancer look toward Paul 's tablé and they eye meet . Paul turn he attention again to the business at hand -- but a little disturb . if Mitch have call in a ringer it could mean severe trouble , judge weaver have continue through this : action . ( continued ) 84 . 73 continued : cy judge weaver Le be there any justice of the peace or law enforcement officer among you ? ( a mumble of no 's " ) be any of you related by marriage or blood to any law enforcement officer ? {a mumble of " mo '' ! ' ) . so much for qualification , I will now examine for cause . do any of you have any business pend with the . prosecute attorney , Mitchell lodwick ? {a mumble of " no 's " ) . do any of you have any business pend ' with Paul biegler , attorney for the ! defense ? ( a mumble : . of " not " j : be any of you acquainted with the defendant sit there on Mr. biegler 's leave ? ( a mumble of " not " ) will Mrs , Laura manion , the defendant 's es wife , please stand up ? from a lawyer 's chair near Paul 's table Laura rise , she be dress ina neat , mousy suit with a Peter Pan collar . she wear almost no make -up . her blonde tresses be coif underneath a respectable hat and she wear horn=-rimmed glass . judge weaver ( continue ) do any of you know Mrs , manion ? ( a mumble of no 's " ) thank you , Mrs , manion , you may be ' seat , Laura sit rather stiffly and surreptitiously inch she hand down along she thigh , give she girdle a jerk , glare at Paul as he bite off a grin . judge weaver have continue , judge weaver ( continue ) be any of you intimately acquainted with the decease barney quill of Thunder Bay , Michigan ? ( a mumble of " notst ! ) a ______ counsel may challenge the jury . ( continued ) : o 85 . 73 continued : ( 2 ) mitch ( rise ) you honor , before counsel 's challenge , may I introduce Mr , Claude dancer to the Court . Mr. dancer be a assistant Attorney General from lansing . because of the peculiar nature of this case , I request the Attorney General to allow Mr. dancer to sit in with the prosecution , judge weaver you reputation precede you , Mr. dancer , it 's a privilege to have you in my Court , dancer ( rise ) thank you , you honor -- I be sure it will be instructive , a mm judge weaver do any of you juror have any business pend before the Attorney General 's office ? ( a mumble of " no!s !! ) . then we will proceed with the challenge for cause , your first , Mr. prosecutor , Mitch rise with a list of the juror in hand , mitch Frank edmond -- Mr , edmond , do you serve in the armed force ... ? dissolve to : 74 int . '' judge ! sekchambers '- day judge weaver enter , follow by Paul , Mitch and dancer , judge weaver ogoing to he desk ) I must apologize for my disparage remark about the Upper Peninsula and its custom , I have rarely see a murder jury select and swear in only half a day . you have win my heart completely , gentleman . now , Mr. dancer , you ask for this recess , what 's on you mind ? ( continued ) - 1 '' ) 86 , 4 continued : the judge 's shrewd eye move from Paul to dancer , know that this two man be the real adversary in the case . dancer | there be a little suggestion I want to make , judge weaver by all mean , dancer since the defense plea be insanity , the prosecution have retain a psychiatrist . under the statute we have a right to petition for a mental examination of the defendant by we own doctor . be you familiar with the statute , Mr. biegler ? paul moderately . dancer it would delay thing to file a formal petition . why do not we get together and informally agree to ask he honor for a adjournment -- just for a day or so , and let we doctor visit with the defendant . it will save everybody time , do not you think , Mr. biegler ? judge weaver 's eye dart to Paul as a tennis fan follow a fast hit ball , paul ( eye twinkle ) I be sure it would , the judge 's eye bounce to dancer . : dancer good , paul but suppose you go . ahead and file the formal petition anyway . of course , you be a little late , but maybe he honor will overlook that - and then ' I would sort of like the jury to see that you think we insanity plea have some merit , ( continued ) 87 . 74 continued : ( 2 ) -. dancer 's oq there 's really no need for we doctor to examine you client . naturally I be only follow the usual procedure , paul naturally . I be ail for it , judge weaver do you wish to file the petition or not , Mr. dancer ? mitch I think we ought to ... ' dancer , ( cut he off ) it will not be necessary . mitch ( change tune ) that 's right , it be not necessary at all , dancer smile at Paul , seem to be pleased that he be oppose bya mind perhaps as sharp as he own . es judge weaver ( rise , shaking out he robe ) skirmish over , shall we now join on the field of battle ? dissolve to : 75 int , courtroom - day the trial be under way , the courtroom quiet that all may catch the testimony of the witness . parnell and maida ‘are in they place on - the ' front bench , '' Laura in ' the lawyer 's chair , dancer at the prosecution table , . imperturbable but alert , '' Mitch be ' on he foot , examine ' doctor . raschid who , because of many such experience , be at home . in : the witness box , judge weaver recline in he chair , eyeglass push up on he forehead . as the question proceed , the judge be attract to Paul who do not seem to be pay any attention to the proceedings but be fiddling around , manufacturing a angle lure from material in he pocket , he be bind several small fish hook together with a piece of red flannel , the judge drop he glass down to better see what Paul be do and the camera move in on Paul 's hand , then to a close up of judge weaver , interested and rather amused . . over this Mitch 's direct . examination of Dr. raschid , ( continued ) 88 , 7 continued : mitch CO Dr. raschid , do you perform a " autopsy on the body of one barney quill ? raschid I do -- on the night of August seventeenth in the Saint Francis Hospital of this city , mitch be you able to determine the cause of death ? raschid take out and unfold several sheet of typewritten paper . ' paul : ' ! ( without rise ) ' the defense will accept a summary : of the report , 1 ' mitch people agree , you honor , judge weaver the witness will state the necessary es fact . raschid . the body of quill have sustained five gunshot wound . one of the bullet have pass through the heart , death in my opinion be almost instantaneous and be directly cause by this wound , mitch May . I have you detailed report ? i raschid hand Mitch the report . . i mitch ( continue ; give a copy to the court reporter ) lask that this report be mark people 's exhibit one for identification . judge weaver so receive and mark , mitch ( pass a copy & to Paul ) the people hand the defense a copy of the report , ( continued ) i } he i CO @ ) ) 89 . continued : ( 2 ) judge weaver so note , mitch counsel may cross-examine , Paul place the unfinish lure between the page of a single lawbook on the table before he and , peruse the doctor 's report , he rise , paul Dr. raschid , you primary purpose be to ascertain the cause of death , be . it not ? raschid yes , paul yet I see by you report that you check to determine whether spermatogenesis be occur in the body of the decease at the time of death , mitch objection , you honor -- the people have call this witness only to show cause of death , paul you honor , the entire report have be enter as evidence and the report contain this information about spermatogenesis , judge weaver overrule , Mr. lodwick , take the answer , so raschid . yes , I make that examination on the decease , paul will you tell the Court you finding ? raschid spermatogenesis be occur at the time of death , paul in other word , the decease , in life , be not sterile -- he could produce child ? be that correct , Doctor ? ( continued ) 75 - be no completion onthe part of the man . 90 , continued : ( 3 ) raschid that be correct , paul now , Doctor , if a woman say she 's have intercourse with a certain man and this man be prove fertile yet no evidence be find in the woman 's body , could not a lawyer -- say a prosecute attorney - - use this as evidence that the woman be lie ? mitch ; you honor , I object to this line of question . we be not concerned here with whether or not there 's be relation between a man and a woman . paul ~ ' since a examination for spermatogenesis be make , certainly we be entitle to know why . judge weaver objection overrule . take the answer . raschid yes , prosecution could use that -- though certainly it would not be conclusive that she be lie . paul why not ? -raschid well , there could be several reason why the test on she be negative -- the use of a contraceptive or perhaps there paul — in this post - mortem be you also ask to determine whether or not the decease have have a sexual climax shortly before he death ? | : raschid no. . paul could you have make such a determination ? raschid yes . ( continued ) 91 . 75 continued : ( 4 ) o . , paul ~ then you be only ask to make such examination as might be useful to the prosecution , but none which might help the defense , although such evidence might have exist ? raschid well , yes -- dancer lobject , you honor . the question be argumentative . counsel for the defense be try to impugn the intent of the representative of the people . judge weaver Mr. biegler , you be aware that the question be highly improper , paul I will withdraw the ques‘ion and apologize , 's you honor . ! judge weaver : question and answer will be stricken e and jury will disregard . paul that 's all the question I have . mitch no redirect . Paul return to he table , glance at parnell and parnell execute a conceal winner 's grip . manion ( whisper to . Paul ) how. can a jury disregard something they have already hear ? paul ( take he lure from the lawbook , : work on it ) they can not Lieutenant -- they can not . manion ( whisper ) I think you be a shyster , Mr. biegler . ( continued ) @ 75 92 . continued : ( 5 ) paul ( whisper ) you have unmask I , Lieutenant , while this exchange between parnell , manion and Paul have be go on , in the b ,g . a new witness , one lloyd burke have be call and swear . now Mitch take up the examination of Lloyd burke . mitch Mr. burke , will you state you profession please ? burke I be a commercial photographer . mitch be you call upon by the police to take photograph of the body of the decease Bernard quill before he be remove from the scene of death ? burke yessir , I be . Mitch take a half a dozen 8 x 10 photograph from he table and approach the witness . mitch ( hand the photograph to burke ) be this photograph of the . decease make by you ? burke ( look at the picture ) they be , Mitch take the photograph to the Court reporter 's table . mitch the reporter will please mark ' this photograph people 's exhibit 2a to 2f inclusive for identification , photograph be tender to the defense for examination and the people move they admission as evidence , you witness , paul . no question and no objection . but Laura suddenly lean forward and whisper to Paul , ( continued ) 93 . 75 continued : ( 6 ) paul ( continue ) . just a moment , Mr. burke , C 0 burke sit again in the witness box . Paul get the photograph , look they over , paul ( continue ) Mr , burke , be the photograph offer here in evidence the only photograph you take that night ? burke no , paul I suppose the other do not turn out , be that it ? '' + burke ( a little offended ) all my picture turn out , : paul do you give this other photograph ec . to the police ? burke yes , sir , I do , paul well , what be they , Mr. burke -~ just some side shot , maybe of the moon or of a black bear scavenge the Thunder Bay dump ? De mitch i you honor , I object ... I can not see 1 how other photograph be relevant . : the photograph in evidence be introduce to show that the decease meet with a violent death , : paul you honor , I would think that any photograph pertain to the case would be relevant , . judge weaver the point be good , Mr. biegler , continue , ( continued ) 94 , continued : ( 7 ) paul what be the other photograph of , Mr , burke ? burke Lieutenant manion 's wife . , paul you mean this photograph show how she look on that night after barney quill be kill ? burke yes , dancer you honor , how Mrs , manion look be irrelevant . no evidence have be introduce to connect Mrs , manion 's appearance to the charge of murder , judge weaver sustain , : paul the photograph can be enter , you honor , I just want to be sure that the prosecution be not withhold evidence , . mitch ( angry ) now look here -- I protest . the defense attorney 's persistent attack on the motive of the prosecution , .. judge weaver ( cut he off ) the jury will disregard the remark make by the attorney for the defense , there be no reason to believe that the prosecution have not act in good faith , paul my apology to the prosecution and to the Court , but you honor , as long as protest be be make , I would like to make a protest myself , I be willing to take on this two legal giant any time , any place , but in common fairness it ought to be one at a time , I do not want both of they pitching knuckle ball at I at the same time . ( continued ) 95 . 75 continued : ( 8 ) a couple of enrapt juror nod in agreement , the judge catch the movement and he eye twinkle , judge weaver Mr. biegler , you seem to be bat a thousand with a bat in each hand , but you point be well take . whichever attorney open with the witness , he alone shall continue with that witness until the witness be excuse , paul thanks , you honor , judge have you finish with this witness , Mr. biegler ? paul no more question , mitch no question , judge weaver Witness may step down , it 's five o'clock and we have have a full day . I will admonish the jury that they ; must not discuss this case among themselves , with they family , | friend or anyone else , the Court : be adjourned until nine a , m , tomorrow morning . he rap he gavel and step down to he chamber , follow by the Court clerk , the sheriff , " hear ye - hear ye - this honorable Court be adjourned until nine a , m , tomorrow morning . " immediately newspaper photographer be inside the bar , flash bulb pop , catch picture of all participant , of Laura , manion and of Mitch , who pose readily , dissolve to : 76 int . courthouse - top of stair - morning Paul , stand inside at the top of the stair , he single lawbook under he arm , watch the spectator crowd up the stair and into the courtroom . the deputy at the door keep repeat ' move slowly , " ' " do not rush , " take it easy , folk . '' maida be in the crush on the stair , literally be push upward , she reach the landing and manage to slip out of the mob to Paul , ( continued ) o 76 96 . continued : maida ( straighten she hat ) we be draw well today , be not we ? paul where 's parnell ? maida parnell ? why , be not he here ? paul no , and he be not in he rooming house and have not be there all night . you see he last . where be he ? maida I promise not to tell , so do not ask I . coy a , paul 's what 's the big secret . we maida he think you might worry . paul do he fall off the wagon ? maida no . he 's sober . paul do he go somewhere ? maida he do borrow my car for something or other . paul that be smart . he have not drive a car in twenty year . he will kill himself . where 's he go ? maida my word be my bond . holding onto she hat , she step back into the crush of spectator and be carry on into the courtroom . v7 78 96a ext , highway - day maida 's old car come speed along , wobble on a curve , veer to the center , force another car off on the shoulder . int , maida be car - day parnell , oblivious to danger , sing a rollick song at the top of he lung -- tire screeching as he come around the curve , ' horn honking at he in anger . - D 719 80 97 . ext , highway - day maida 's car zigzag through frighten traffic , speed on down the highway . the camera pan toa sign ona shoulder : " slow 1 /2 mile to canadian custom inspection station , " int , courtroom = day the spectator be in they seat , the door of the courtroom close , manion and Laura be in they place with Paul . maida be on the first spectator ' bench behind Paul 's table . at the prosecution table sit a stranger with dancer and Mitch , the stranger be stoop , spare , a grey droopy mustache , a high - dome forehead , judge weaver come from he chamber and the hall grow quiet as the sheriff call the Court to order , . judge weaver we will again take up the case of people versus Frederick manion , be the defense ready ? : paul yes , sir , you honor , but the defense observe a third person at the prosecution table , we wonder if the Court share we curiosity as to he identity . mitch I be about to introduce he . you honor , this gentleman be Dr. W. Gregory harcourt , Dr , harcourt be the people 's psychiatrist in this case . we ask that Dr. harcourt be allow to sit at we table as a observer , paul what do you want he to observe ? -- the constellation of Taurus or the. life and time of a bumblebee ? mitch to observe the defendant , of course ~ as the tirelessly grandstand defense counsel well know , ' paul Defense have no objection , you honor . I only wish to express my relief that the new recruit be not additional legal reinforcement from lansing , a titter from a couple of juror , ( continued ) 98 . 80 continued : o judge weaver ( rapping ) call the first witness , mitch call alphonse paquette , court clerk alphonse paquette come forward . paquette come from the witness bench into the enclosure , be swear and seat , mitch State you name , please . paquette alphonse paquette . mitch you work at the Thunder Bay Inn , do not you , Mr. paquette ? poy paquette I be bartender there . gs mitch be you work on the night that barney quill be shot by Frederick manion ? paquette I be . mitch ! be you witness to the shoot ? : : paquette I be . mitch please tell we in you own word what happen , paquette I be at a table by the door when Lieutenant manion come in , mitch do you know Lieutenant manion by sight and by name ? e ( continued ) q 98a continued : paquette yessir . : mitch go ahead . paquette he come in and walk over to the bar and begin to shoot . he shot barney when'he come up to the bar and when barney fall he stand up on the rail and keep on shoot down at barney behind the bar . then he step down off the rail and turn around and walk out . mitch when Lieutenant manion enter the bar , how do he appear to you ? paquette well , he walk slow -- kind of deliberate I guess you would say . ( continued ) 80 continued : ( 2 ) mitch do he speak to barney quill ? paquette not a word , he just . walk over and pull out he gun and ' bang !! mitch then he walk out ? paquette yes . mitch as he walk out , how do he appear to you ? paquette 99 . he seem just like he do when he walk in , like he be the mailman deliver the mail , he deliver it and leave , mitch do he seem excited ? paquette not that I could see , mitch be he tremble , maybe he hand shaking ? paquette Far as I could see he be as cool as ice , mitch when Lieutenant manion walk . out of the bar , what do you do ? paquette well , it have happen so fast that I guess I be stunne , but then I run out after he , mitch do you find he outside ? paquette yes , sir - he be walk away . mitch do you speak to he ? ( continued ) 80 continued : ( 3 ) paquette yes , sir , I say , ' Lieutenant , you would better not run away from this , ! mitch do he reply to you ? paquette he say , ' do you want some too , buster ?! mitch be he point the gun at you ? paquette sort of , mitch can you be more specific , Mr , paquette ? paquette well , he be hold the gun in my direction but the muzzle be low . mitch what happen then ? paquette I back off and he go on , mitch when he say , ' do you want some too , buster , ' how be that express ? do he shout , be it hysterical , be he hoarse , do he voice tremble ? paquette no , sir , he just say it cool and hard and look right at I , se oe '' mitch : do he appear to be , as far as you could tell , in complete possession of he faculty ? paquette yes , sir , as far as I could tell . mitch you witness , ( continued ) 100 , 101 , 80 continued : ( 4 ) . paul cy ( place he lure between the page of the book and rise ) Mr. paquette , do you see Laura manion , wife of Lieutenant manion , in the bar that night ? mitch you honor , there he go again , this be immaterial and irrelevant , paul the prosecution seem to be excessively jumpy , you honor , I have not go anywhere yet . judge weaver let 's see where he be go before we object , Mr , lodwick , proceed , Mr. biegler . eee paul do you see Mrs , manion in the bar ? paquette she be there , paul do you know when she leave ? paquette I do not remember when but she leave some time , paul do barney quill leave the bar that ! night ? ; : paquette yes , paul how long be he go ? paquette ido not know exactly . paul do you remember when he return ? paquette e@ I think he come back around midnight . ( continued ) 80 continued : ( 5 ) — '' paul oo do you see he enter the bar ? paquette yes . paul from which entrance do he ' come ? . from the lobby entrance or the outside entrance ? . paquette it be from the lobby . paul how do he appear to you at that time ? paquette how do you mean ? : + paul you understand the prosecute attorney very well when he ask that question , . paquette ! oh == well , he be just old barney , oo like usual , paul : : you mean , he be just good - old - sober= reliable - gentle=salt - of - the-earth - friend - to -man barney ? : mitch : you honor , what kind of a question be that ? paul I withdraw the question , you : honor , " now , Mr. paquette , have barney change he clothes since he leave the bar ? paquette hesitates , paul ( continue ) do he have different clothing on , Mr. paquette ? paquette I do not remember , @ : ( continued ) 103 , continued : ( 6 ) paul might he clothes have be different when he return ? that be , might he have change he clothes ? paquette I could not say , I do not notice , paul be barney drink that night ? paquette well , he always have a few shot while he be talk to the customer , he be friendly , paul good old barney , 's now how many shot would you say good old barney usually have ? paquette I do not know exactly , paul : be he drink more than usual that night ? paquette not to my knowledge . paul be not he in fact pretty well load that night , Mr , paquette ? 's mitch objection , you honor , if the decease be dead drunk it 's no defense to this charge , judge weaver * sustain , I suggest you get off this , Mr , biegler , paul Mr. paquette , what do you call a man who have a insatiable penchant for woman ? paquette a what ? paul penchant ... a desire ... appetite , .. passion , . , taste ... hunger , ( continued ) gd 104 , 80 continued : ( 7 ) paquette well , a lady ' man , I guess -- or maybe just a damned fool , a titter run through the courtroom , judge weaver ( rapping he gavel ) just answer the question , Mr. paquette , the attorney will provide the wisecrack , paul '' what else would you call a man like that , Mr. paquette ? mitch we can not see the drift of this , you honor , paul you mean you do see it , Mr , lodwick , judge weaver take the answer . paul . can you think of another name , Mr , paquette ? paquette woman chaser , paul . try again , paquette masher ? paul come now , Mr. paquette , masher go out with whalebone corset and hairnet , do you ever hear the expression ' wolf ?! paquette sure , I have hear that , it slip my mind , paul naturally it would , clanking around in there with all that rusty old masher , have you ever know a man who could be call a wolf , Mr. paquette ? ( continued ) qo 80 continued : ( 8 ) paquette I be not sure , paul be barney quill a wolf , Mr , paquette ? paquette I could not say . paul or would not , mitch objection , judge weaver sustain . the question be answer , he could not say . paul Mr. paquette , when barney return from wherever he have be , do he relieve you at the bar ? paquette yes , paul what do he say when he relieved you ? paquette he say , ' I will take over , ! paul do he say anything else ? do he whisper anything to you ? paquette ( look away , hesitate ) I do not remember he say anything else , paul when you come out from behind the bar , where do you go ? paquette I go over to the table where the pederson be sit , ( continued ) 105 , 106 , 80 continued : ( 9 ) paul you testify that you be by the door when Lieutenant manion come in , be that the reason you be by the door , because the pederson ' table be there ? paquette yes , paul and how long be it before Lieutenant manion come in ? paquette I do not know exactly -- maybe thirty minute , paul you remain at the pederson ' table all this time ? paquette yes -- they be friend of mine , paul be not there also a window by that table ? paquette I think so . paul you think so ? how long have you work at the Thunder Bay Inn , Mr. paquette ? paquette about six or seven year , paul well , . do that window beside that table sometimes vanish and then appear again ? do it come and go in a ghostly fashion ? paquette no sir . it 's there all the time . paul do you happen to look out of this window while you be talk to you friend ? paquette I might have . ( continued ) q- oo 107 , 80 continued : ( 10 ) paul when you be look out of this window , be you look for something special ? paquette no -= I be not look for anything , paul do not barney quill tell you to go to the window and watch for Lieutenant manion ? . paquette freeze , lick he lip nervously , mitch lobject , you honor , counsel have go far afield , judge weaver perhaps so , Mr. lodwick , but there seem - to - be no real offense . take the answer , paul do he tell you to watch for Lieutenant manion ? paquette he do not . paul Mr. paquette , barney quill be quite a marksman , be not he , with gun ? he would win prize for . shoot , have not he ? paquette yes . paul he be well know for he skill , be not he ? he also keep loving cup , picture and write - up about he shoot on display behind the bar , do not he ? paquette yes , paul do he keep any gun behind the bar ? paquette well , he might have . ( continued ) 108 , 80 continued : ( 11 ) paul be not it a fact that there be three conceal pistol rack behind that bar , Mr. paquette ? mitch you honor , the defendant 's plea be one of insanity , not self - defense , judge weaver I be sure Mr , biegler have not forget that fact , Mr. lodwick , take the answer . paul be there conceal gun rack behind the bar ? . paquette yes , paul how many people know about that gun rack ? paquette I could not say . paul be not it a fact that barney sometimes take the pistol out of that rack , spin they on he finger , show off he prowess for he customer ? paquette I do not remember , paul try to remember , do you ever see he do this yourself ?.. . paquette . once or twice he do , : paul that 's all , Mr. paquette , mitch no further question , judge weaver Witness may step down . mitch call George lemon , ( continued ) oo 109 , 80 continued : ( 12 ) as paquette leave the enclosure and Mr. lemon come in and be swear = at the prosecution table , Mitch huddle with dancer , mitch ( continue ) biegler 's go cff in all direction , what 's he get at ? dancer I have a feel he 's afraid of what we will get at . Mr , biegler 's put up a smoke screen for some reason . Mitch rise to begin examination of lemon . mitch State you name , please , lemon gecrge lemon , mitch what kind of work do you do , Mr. lemon ? . lemon I be caretaker of the tourist park in Thunder Bay . I see that the place be clean and orderly , I check people in and check they out and lock the gate at night . - mitch what be you authority for this duty ? lemon I be pay by mastcdon township and I be a deputy sheriff - just courtesy , sort of ==.no pay . : : mitch Mr. and Mrs , Frederick manion live in a trailer in you park , do not they ? lemon yessir , mitch do you see Lieutenant manion on the night of the fifteenth ? the night barney quill be kill ? lemon yessir , ( continued ) : 80 continued : ( 13 ) ( -) mitch will you tell the Court about how and when you see Lieutenant manion ? lemon about one a.m , a knock on my door wake I up , I go to the door and Lieutenant manion be stand there . he say , ' you better take I , Mr , lemon , because I just shot barney quill , ' I tell he to go back to he trailer and that I would call the State Police , ' mitch how do Lieutenant manion appear to you when he ask you to take he ? I mean , be he tremble , excited , ' frighten , or what ? ~ : ween lemon he seem right straight forward , he say what he have to say and then do what itold he , there be not any fuss . mitch oo do he appear to be as far as you could tell in complete possession of he faculty ? | lemon as far as I could tell , yes sir , mitch take the witness , paul ( rise ) Mr. : lemon , do you go to manion 's ' trailer ? . . lemon yes sir , paul do you see Mrs , manion at the trailer ? lemon she be stand outside and she say , ' look what barney do to I , ! mitch @ objection , you honor , Witness be not answer the question . he - be ask , ' do you see Mrs , manion , * ( continued ) 80 continued : ( i4 ) judge weaver Strike the answer and the jury will disregard , take the question again , Mr. biegler , paul + do you see Mrs , manion ? lemon yes sir . paul what be she appearance ? lemon well -- she be a mess , mitch objection , no evidence have be introduce to make Mrs , manion 's appearance relevant to this case , paul ( angry ) no evidence be introduce to make barney quill 's appearance relevant but you do not object to my question then , be that because you know that quill bath and change and cool off after he have rape and beat the hell out of this poor woman ? mitch you honor , everybody in this courtroom be be try except Frederick manion , I must protest Mr. biegler 's attack on ... paul ( cut in } this be a cross-examination in a murder case , not a high school debate ! what be you and dancer try to do ? -- railroad this soldier into the clink ? judge weaver be pound with he gavel and finally the room be judge weaver Mr. biegler , you be a experience attorney and you know better than to make such a outburst , ( more ) ( continued ) oo 112 . continued ; ( 15 ) judge weaver ( cont would ) I will not tolerate intemperance of this sort . if you once again try the patience of this Court , I shall hold you in contempt . paul I apologize , you honor . it will not happen again , judge weaver the witness ! answer will be stricken and the jury will disregard the answer . now you may proceed , Mr , biegler , paul Mr. lemon , on the night Lieutenant manion awaken you and turn himself in , have you be awaken before ~~‘ have anything else disturb you slumber ? lemon no , sir , paul there be no soldier sing ? lemon no , sir , not in my park after ten o'clock . paul there be no woman scream ? lemon well , that scream be down by . ' the gate . , ea . mitch objection , objection , judge weaver I see no reason for objection yet , Mr. lodwick , paul tell we about that scream , Mr. lemon , lemon I do not hear them myself , there be some tourist from Ohio in the park and they hear they and tell I about it the next day . ( continued ) 113 , 80 continued : ( 16 ) > judge weaver ( oo now , Mr. lodwick . mitch this testimony be incompetent , hearsay -- irrelevant , immaterial , inconclusive -- paul ( cut in ) that 's too much for I . the witness be yours , Mr. lodwick , mitch hcaught in mid-air by Paul 's sudden switch ) huh ? -- oh , no question , judge weaver Witness may step down , call you next witness , - wa Te the next witness be sergeant durgo of the Michigan State Police . as he be call and swear , Paul , at the counsel table , whisper with maida over the railing which separate they , — paul when we break you would better phone that Army psychiatrist . tell he to be here day after tomorrow , maida will do . paul . will you please tell I where parne . = have go ? : maida : a wo not do , , paul you be fire , = : maida you can not fire I until you pay I . sergeant durgo be now on the stand . he be a strong~look , handsome man of about forty , direct , thoughtful , honest . Mitch take the direct examination , ( continued ) 80 continued : ( 17 ) mitch State you name and you occupation , please . durgo detective sergeant James durgo . Michigan State Police , mitch be you call to Thunder Bay by deputy sherifi lemon of Thunder Bay on the night that barney quill be shot and kill ? durgo yes sir , iwas . my companion officer and I be the first to . be call in on the case . mitch sergeant durgo , when you arrive at the manion trailer , who be there ? . durgo Lieutenant manion and he wife be there , mitch what do Lieutenant manion say to you ? durgo he say that he wife have have some trouble with barney quill and that he have go to the tavern and shot quill , he ask we whether quill be dead or not and we tell he he be , mitch how do Lieutenant manion take this information ? durgo he do not seem surprised , mitch what do you do then , sergeant durgo ? durgo I ask for the gun he have use . ( continued ) 115 , 80 continued : ( 18 ) c ) : mitch do you take Lieutenant manion to the County jail here in Iron City on _that same night ? durgo yes sir . we drive the Lieutenant down with he wife . mitch on the drive to Iron City do the Lieutenant talk further about the shoot ? durgo he remark that if he have the whole thing to do over again he would still do it . he also say that he have think about it before go to the bar and have decide that quill should not be allow to live , mitch through all this -- at the trailer -- the drive to Iron City , how do Lieutenant manion appear to you ? G durgo he be very quiet most of the time and seem clear-head , mitch you would say he be calm ? durgo yes -- calm . __ . mitch : as.far.as you could tell , would . . = you say that he be in complete possession of he faculty ? durgo he seem so to I . mitch you witness , paul now sergeant , you testify that the Lieutenant tell you he have shot 's barney quill after he have learn @ that he wife have have ' some trouble ! with quill , be that the word the Lieutenant use ? ' some trouble ?! ( continued ) 80 continued : ( 19 ) durgo no sir , that be my word -- not he . paul be it you notion to come here and use you own word ? durgo no sir , it be not , paul be the suggestion make to you to call it ' some trouble ! by a person now in this room ? durgo ( look toward . Mitch ) yessir , it be . paul now would you please tell the Court what word Lieutenant manion actually use to describe the ' trouble ' he wife have have ? of mitch objection , you honor . we have be over this before . this information would not be relevant to any issue before the Court . paul this statement concern ' some trouble ' be bring out during the direct examination of sergeant durgo . up to. now the prosecution have . adroitly ! restrict all of they witness 's testimony where Laura manion have : be concerned , but now the cat be out of the bag and it 's fair game for I to chase it , judge weaver this be a sore point , Mr. biegler , and it 's get sorer , I would like to hear what the prosecution have to say . Mitch and dancer confer for a moment . then Mitch rise , eo : ( continued ) 80 117 , continued : ( 20 ) mitch you honor , the burden be on the defense to prove temporary insanity at the time of the shoot . if the reason for the alleged insanity be important to this case then that be a matter for a competent witness -- a expert on the subject of the human mind , what the defense be try to do be introduce some sensational material for the purpose of obscure the real issue , paul you honor , how can the jury accurately estimate the testimony be give here unless they first know the reason behind this whole trial -- why Lieutenant manion shot quill ? the prosecution would like to separate the motive from the act . that 's like try to take the core from a apple witheut break the skin , well , the core of we defense be that the defendant 's temporary insanity be trigger by this so-called ' trouble ! with quill , I beg the Court to let I cut into the apple . mitch we objection still stand , you honor , the courtroom be silent . all attention upon judge weaver . this be why he be call judge , because alone he must decide what be just or unjust . judge weaver , in deep study , take out he watch , wind it , the SOUND clearly hear in the silent room , he look at Paul , manion , Laura , dancer and Mitch . he look out over the slack - mouth thrill seeker among the spectator and from he Pov we , too , look at all this people , finally the judge lean back in he chair , put he watch back . in he pocket , judge weaver I will take the answer . a wave of mute excitement travel through the courtroom . Paul , gratify and triumphant , rise to continue the cross-examination . Mitch rise , intend to protest the judge 's decision , but be stay by a touch on he arm from dancer , paul sergeant durgo , tell the Court how Lieutenant manion describe the trouble he wife have with barney quill , ( continued ) a 118 , continued : ( 21 ) durgo he tell we that quill have rape he wife . , paul can you recall generally what Lieutenant manion tell you about this rape ? durgo yessir . he say he would be asleep since right after dinner and that he be wake up by some noise -~ scream he think . that he get up and open the trailer door and go outside and he wife come run out of the dark and fall into he arm . paul 7 you see he wife in the trailer . how do she look ? : durgo she be a little hysterical and she would be pretty badly beat up . she have big black bruise over she face and arm . paul do she tell you the story about the rape and beat ? durgo she do , paul do she take you to the place where it have happen ? durgo yessir . the next morning . : paul do you find anything there -- any sort of evidence pertain to what Mrs. manion have tell you ? durgo on the lane in the wood we find some tire track and some dog track and a glass case with some horn - rimmed glass inside , ( more ) {continued ) 119 , 80 continued : ( 22 ) eo os durgo ( cont would ) co we also look for a -- uh -- a certain undergarment of Mrs , manion 's , but we do not find it , judge weaver will the attorney from both side approach the bench please ? Paul , dancer and Mitch come to the judge 's bench , the judge lean over to look down at they and they conversation be conduct in a low monotone . judge weaver ( continue ) Mr. biegler , you finally get you rape into the case and I think all the detail should be make very clear to the jury . do you agree , - Mr , lodwick ? mitch absolutely . judge weaver what exactly be the undergarment oo just refer to ? paul panty , you honor . judge weaver do you expect this subject to come up again ? paul yea siz . / judge : weaver : _ ' there 's a certain light connotation : attach to the word ' panty . ' can we find another name for they ? mitch I never hear my wife call them anything else . judge weaver Mr. biegler ? paul I be a bachelor , you honor . @ ( continued ) 120 . 80 continued : ( 23 ) judge weaver oq that 's a great help . Mr. dancer ? dancer when I be overseas during the war , you honor , I learn a french word but it might be slightly suggestive . judge weaver most french word be . all right , go back to you place , the attorney return to they table . judge weaver ( continue ) for the benefit of the jury , but more ' especially for the spectator , the — es eeettsundderrgarment refer to in the ' testimony be , to be exact , Mrs. manion 's panty . a snicker go through the room , judge weaver wait for quiet again . judge weaver ( continue ) : oo I want you to get you snickerin , over and do with . this pair of panty will be mention again in the course of the trial and when that happen there will not be one laugh , one snicker , one giggle or even one smirk , in my courtroom , there be not anything comic about a pair of panty which figure in the violent death of one man and in the possible incarceration of another , a long pause , -a pin drop can be hear . judge weaver ( continue ) proceed , Mr. biegler , paul sergeant , do you further investigate Mrs. manion 's story ? durgo yessir . I ask a lot of question -- like do anyone hear the scream from up by the gate that night . we find @ some people in the tourist park who have hear the scream , ( continued ) 121 , 80 continued : ( 24 ) paul go ahead , what else do you do in you investigation ? durgo imade Mrs , manion tell she story several time , paul I suppose you be look for variance in she story ? durgo yessir , but there be not any . paul do you give Mrs. manion a lie - detector test ? mitch . = objection , a polygraph test be inadmissible evidence in we court , paul ionly ask if he give a test . I do not ask the result , judge weaver take the answer , durgo I give she a lie-detector test at she request , paul now after all this investigation , do you believe Mrs. manion ? durgo I do , paul even after the lie-detector test ? durgo yessir , mitch you honor , I object to that question and answer , it constitute flagrant , sneaking subterfuge on the part of the defense counsel , '' ( continued ) 122 , 80 continued : ( 25 ) judge weaver objection sustained . lady and gentleman of the jury , a polygraph or lie~detector test be not admissible evidence because no one have ever be sure but what some people can lie even to a lie-detector and get away , with it , go ahead with you field day , Mr , biegler , paul ( a half - grin ) thank you , you honor . but in any case , sergeant durgo , you yourself in you heart and mind be quite convinced of Mrs. manion 's honesty . durgo yessir . ' paul that 's all . mitch just a moment , he and dancer be confer -- Mitch nodd to what dancer be say . Mitch rise , ' mitch ( coritinue ) sergeant durgo , do you look for the panty elsewhere than the lane in the wood ? durgo we look in barney quill 's car and he room in the hotel , we could not find the panty . mitch do you know why 's Mrs , manion request a lie~detector test ? durgo I know what she say , mitch what be that ? durgo she say she want everybody to believe she story because she know it would help she husband , ( continued ) 123 , 80 continued : ( 26 ) mitch that be the only reason she give ? durgo I do not remember anything else , she say she have already swear to she husband and she want everybody else to believe it , too . dancer be rivete , Paul 's face be tight . Laura 's lip be open , tremulous . maida compulsively close she eye . dancer rise and whisper to Mitch , mitch sergeant durgo , do Mrs , manion tell + you how she have swear to she husband ? durgo yessir , she say she have swear on a rosary . ~ mitch a moment , you honor , ( he again confer with dancer and return to the witness ) sergeant , ' this lane in the wood -- what be it use for -- where do it go ? durgo it use to be a log road -- do not go any place -- it just stop . mitch who use it now ? dburgo I think it 's a road that kid . drive down to park . mitch ~ you mean , it 's a lover ' lane , durgo I think so , yes sir . mitch the witness be yours , Mr. biegler . paul no question , {cont inued ) 80 continued : o 12a , 27 ) judge Witness may step down , Paul glance at dancer , dancer smile and nod as if to say , " yes , I have catch on , " mitch in view of the evidence concern rape which you honor have rule admissible , the prosecution ask for a thirty minute recess in order to bring in another witness whom we have not anticipate use . judge weaver can you get the witness in that length of time ? mitch yes sir . judge weaver ee very well , the Court be recess for thirty minute , in the general hubbub of recess , Paul turn to Laura and manion , paul why do not you tell I about that rosary ? manion we forget it . LAURA we do not forget it , manny say maybe we ought not to tell that again , : manion it might have look like something else -- like I do not believe she . paul how much more do not you tell I ? manion everything else . we tell you everything else . paul be that right , Laura ? ( continued ) 125 . 80 continued : ( 28 ) LAURA {a hesitation , a CO ) glance at manion ) yes , everything else , paul well , the fat 's in the fire now . get this -- both of you . when you get on the stand I want you to tell the truth . do not tell anything but the truth . do not try to lie , do not try to conceal or you will be skinned alive . dancer 's go to start move in . dissolve to : 81 int , courtroom - day dr . dompierre be on the stand . a pleasant face , bespectacle bald - head little doctor , dancer be examine . dancer . Doctor , do you have occasion to come to the county jail on the night of August oe the fifteenth of this year ? dompierre G I do , ' dancer who call you to the jail ? } dompierre i the police authority , dancer what do they want you to do ? . .. dompierre ' they want - me‘to make a test for the presence of sperm on the person ofa Mrs , Frederick manion , I make the test . dancer in make this test , what be you conclusion ? dompierre negative . there be none , : dancer e you witness , Mr. biegler . ( continued ) 81 continued : paul Doctor , in make you test , do you notice any bruise or mark on Mrs. manion at that time ? dompierre idid . paul be you ask to determine the reason for this bruise ? dompierre I be not . paul where do you do the laboratory work on the test for sperm ? dompierre a . Saint Margaret 's Hospital in this ss - eitye — - paul who work the slide up for you ? dompierre a technician at the hospital . paul what kind of a technician ? dompierre oh , X - Ray -- like that . paul be he a pathologist or a expert in laboratory work have to do with human reproduction ? dompierre he be just a technician , paul would a't it have be better to have this ' slide work up by a pathologist or a expert in this field ? dompierre yes , but the police be in a hurry and I know this young fellow come on at seven in the morning . 126 , ( continued ) 81 continued : ( 2 ) paul would not it have be especially better to wait for a expert if the possible question of rape hang on the result ? dompierre it would have be , paul now , Doctor , in the newspaper on the evening of August sixteen it be state that you have find no evidence of rape . be that true ? dompierre it be not true . I make no such statement , paul do you form a opinion about whether Mrs , manion have be rape ? dompierre no , sir , paul why do not you form a ' opinion ? dompierre it 's impossible to tell if a mature marry woman have be rape , paul no further question . dancer Doctor , do you have a opinion about whether or not she have any recent relation with a man ? - to dompierre yes . . dancer State you opinion , dompierre insofar as no sperm be present , it do not appear that she have have recent relation with a man , dancer that 's all . ( continued ) 127 , 128 , 81 continued : ( 3 ) paul one more question , Doctor , that no evidence be present in she body do not mean she be not rape , do it ? dompierre no , paul do you know what constitute rape under the law ? dompierre yes , sir . violation be sufficient for rape , there need not be a completion . paul no more question , judge weaver Witness may step down . dancer the people recall alphonse paquette to the stand , paquette come forward , judge weaver you be still under oath , Mr. paquette . paquette go to the witness box . dancer you honor , since counsel for the defense have force the question of rape , it become necessary to take this additional testimony from Mr , paquette . ui ) ( to paquette ) 's Mr. paquette , will you take a look at Mrs , manion , sit there at the defense table ? be she dress in this manner on the night of the shoot ? paquette no , dancer how be she dress that night ? ( continued ) 129 . continued : ( 4 ) paquette I recollect she have on a real tight skirt and a sweater - kind - of - thing sort of glue on , she be wear a pair of red shoe with high heel ... dancer be she wear hose ? paquette no , she be bare - legge , dancer be she wear a hat ? paquette no . Three woman on the jury , three nice respectable matron , have — — _______ get a pinch look about they face . dancer Mr. paquette , what kind of hair do Mrs. manion have under that hat ? paul we will be glad to show the Court Mrs. manion 's hair , Mrs , manion , will you take off you hat , please ? Laura jerk she hat off , pull a couple of hairpin and disdainfully shake out she glamorous tresses , dancer thank you , counselor , Mr. paquette , be she wear glass that night ? paquette I think she be when she play dancer consider the tight skirt and the tight . sweater and the bare leg , what be the result in she appearance ? paquette well ..... dancer would you say Mrs. manion 's appearance on that night be deliberately voluptuous and entice ? ( continued ) 130 , continued : ( 5 ) paquette well , you could pretty much see everything she have . paul you honor , defense will concede that Mrs , manion when dress informally be a astonishingly beautiful woman , as a matter of fact , it 's pretty easy to understand why she husband become temporarily ' derange when he see such beauty bruise and tear by a beast , judge weaver blow he nose to keep from laugh . dancer you honor , I protest . Mr. biegler be perhaps the least discipline and the most completely out - of- order attorney I have ever see in a courtroom . a laugh go through the courtroom , judge weaver ( rapping ) jury will ignore Mr , biegler 's oration . dancer be Mrs. manion drink heavily that night ? paquette well , I sell she six drink myself and barney come over and get some more for she .. I do not remember how many . dancer ' would you say that Mrs , manion be , tight ? : paquette she be high all right . dancer what do she do to make you think she be high ? ( continued ) o 81 13 , continued : ( 6 ) paquette she take off she shoe and go bare ~ foote and when she play pinball she would kind of swish around to give the machine english , dancer you mean she be flipping she hip around ? paquette yes , dancer anything else ? paquette when she would make a good score she ' squeale -— — -— _ like woman do , dancer she be play pinball with barney quill , be not she ? paquette yes sir , . dancer what be she attitude toward barney quill ? . paquette friendly , I guess you could call it , ' dancer more than friendly perhaps ? paquette - I think so . . , dancer why do you think so ? . paquette she would kind of lean on he and a couple of time she bump he with she hip , at the defense table manion be pale and strain , Laura hold she lip between she tooth . ( continued ) 132 , 81 continued : ( 7 ) dancer would you say Mrs. manion be make a play for barney quill ? o paul objection , that call for a assumption on the part of the witness , you honor , dancer I withdraw the question . would you say that Mrs , manion be free and easy with barney quill ? paquette | I would , I : dancer you witness , Mr. biegler . , . paul ( rise ) Mr. paquette , the attorney for the people ask you if Mrs , manion be tight and you say she be high . } speak as a bartender , what be 5 the distinction between the two ? paquette } I do not think I understand , paul when we say a person be tight we ' usually mean they be a little stupid with drink , be not that right ? paquette I guess that 's about it , yes . ° ' paul but if they be high they be gay and enjoy themselves ? paquette yes . paul - so in other word , Mrs , manion be happy . now be there anything wrong with be happy in the Thunder Bay Inn ? e paquette no . ( continued ) 133 , continued : ( 8 ) paul Thunder Bay itself be a resort , be not it ? swim , fishing , that sort of thing . paquette yes , paul be it unusual to see a barefoot woman in Thunder Bay ? - paquette no . paul so Mrs , manion take off she shoe in Thunder Bay do not necessarily mean that she be be unladylike , do it ? paquette I guess not , paul yes or no , paquette no . paul you testify that Mrs , manion be squealing , jump up and down and swish she hip at the pinball machine . be she create a disturbance , be she attract a crowd ? paquette no , paul be all of the man in the bar stand around watch Mrs. manion ? paquette no . paul but you be conscious of Mrs , manion , enough so that you can tell we how she act , . ( continued ) continued : 134 , ( 9 ) paquette yes . paul and certainly barney quill be conscious ‘of Mrs , manion , because he be play pinball with she , would not you say so ? paquette yes , . paul so it seern that only you and barney quill be acutely aware of Mrs , manion and she action and appearance , perhaps barney , when he come to get some drink , perhaps he wink and say , ' alphonse , I be go to take this babe out and rape she . ' oa . paquette ( angry ) no , no he do not ! paul nbore in =~ raise he voice ) and maybe you say , ' do it once for I . the courtroom be rumbling , dancer ( shouting -- simultaneously with Paul ) objection , objection ... that be not question . counsel be attack the witness . " i  : paul ( contemptuously ) no more question . judge weaver ° ( restore order ) the Court have have about all of this dogfight it can take for one day . and I be sure the jury be immensely confuse , tired and hungry . ( continued ) 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 135 , continued : ( 10 ) . mitch you honor , that be the last of the people 's witness , judge weaver very well , Mr. lodwick . tomorrow the defense will take over and , with expedition , prayer and a little self - discipline on part of counsel , perhaps we can reach a end by Saturday night . the Court stand adjourned until nine tomorrow morning , dissolve to : ext . maida be car - rainy night shoot through the windshield , wiper frantically swiping at the heavy rain , parnell behind the wheel , int . maida be car - rainy night parnell be in need of a shave and a clean shirt , he be dog-tire , try to stay awake as he drive , Pov through windshield through the wet glass the road curve ahead . close up - parnell his eyelid droop and close . Pov through windshield a big truck come barrel around the curve . the hood of maida 's car be wobble into the center of the road , close up - parnell the approach light of the truck flash in he face , awaken he from he doze and he turn the car back into its proper lane , the truck roar past , claxon horn sounding angrily . Pov through windshield the highway stretch straight ahead into the night . the windshield wiper slap in a deadly lullaby . ' 89 90 91 92 136 , close up - parnell the SOUND of the wiper over -- he eyelid be droop again and finally close . Pov through windshield a curve ahead and a side road run straight off at the beginning of the curve . a barnyard gate close the side road . a barn loom behind the gate . the hood of the car do not turn into the curve but rush at the gate , crash through . dissolve to : int , hospital corridor - night sheriff battisfore and a interne be talk quietly in the desert dimly light corridor , the elevator door open and Paul arrive in wet raincoat , hat drip . he hurry to battisfore and the interne , paul how be he , sheriff ? sheriff the doctor here say he 's all right . interne ( open the door to a hospital room ) he 's bang up a little but there do not seem to be anything else . we would like to watch he for a day or so . Paul , the sheriff and the interne enter the room . int . hospital room - night there be several bed in the room and in one of they lie parnell , a strip.of bandage across he forehead , he eye close . Paul , the sheriff : and : the interne cdme into the room , ‘halt before parnell 's bed -- speak in low tone , paul what 's the damage ? sheriff he wreck a gate and a barn door -- and he have not get a driver 's license , he will have to appear in the jp Court when he 's able , Old fool . ( continued ) 137 , 92 continued : parnell cq ( open one eye ) a speak kindly of the dead , paul you mind if ihave a minute with the corpse ? sheriff sure , polly . the sheriff and the interne leave , paul be it worth try to kill yourself for ? -- whatever it be you have be up to ? parnell how 's the trial go ? " paul os I be make a lot of noise but dancer 's rack up the point . come on - where have you be ? parnell quill hire Mary pilant up north of the soo , struck I funny he would go all the way up there just to hire somebody to work for he , I be up there nose around , G paul find anything of use ? parnell not till I look up she birth certificate . bear in blind River , Ontario - 1934 - out of wedlock . ' mother : be : a-waitress : '' name Simone pilant . Father waa a : _ lumberjack - name - barney quill . dissolve to : 93 int , lobby - thunder BAY inn - rainy night it be very late . the lobby be desert except for a young night porter . he 's read the sport page in the newspaper , through the main entrance we see a car pull up outside and Paul , hold he hat against the wind and rain , get out of the car , hurry up the step to enter the lobby . ( continued ) 93 94 138 , continued : paul I would like to see miss pilant . porter she 's go to bed , mister . . paul it 's important , porter Real important ? . paul yes , real important . the porter plug into the small switchboard and buzze several time , porter ( into phone ) miss pilant ? sorry if I wake you up . there 's a guy to see you , say it 's real important . ( to Paul ) what 's you -~ paul Paul biegler . porter ( into phone ) biegler ----- eoewwenenen= okay , he disconnect the plug . porter ( continue ; to Paul ) she say it 's not important enough . paul call she back , tell she I mention blind River , Ontario , he leave the desk , go through the door which lead from the lobby to the barroom . puzzle , the porter look after he , plug into the switchboard again . int , HOTEL bar - rainy night not many customer be here , the jukebox play softly . Paul come down the short flight of step from the lobby , approach the bar . ( continued ) 94 139 , continued : paquette , polish a glass , see Paul , stack the glass on the back bar , move warily down to meet the lawyer . paquette drink , Mr. biegler , or just snooping ? paul i'l try a little of both , alphonse . why do not we start with a beer , paquette draw a beer , place it before Paul , paquette on the house - and that 's all you get - abeer , no question ~ no answer , I get my belly full of you in the courtroom , when you have finish that - blow - and do not take too long about it , paul as long as this be on the house how about that much of rye to go with it ? paquette glare at Paul , snap a bottle off the back shelf , slide a shot glasa next to Paul 's beer and pour , paul ( continue ) I be just a lawyer do my job . what be you so afraid of , Al ? he toss off the drink , take a sip of beer . paquette watch he with glum anger . paquette 's eye be draw to a point behind Paul . Paul turn .. Mary pilant , dress in skirt anda coat-sweater , have just enter the bar from the lobby . her face be pale and concerned . she approach Paul , wait for he to speak , paul could we have some privacy ? silently she lead the way to the far table by the window and the door lead to the outside . paquette watch they anxiously . Paul draw a chair out for Mary and sit beside she . paul ( continue ) I owe you a apology , miss pilant , I be a little rough when I be here before , I do not know Mr. quill be you father , mary how do you find that out ? ( continued ) 140 , continued : ( 2 ) paul friend of mine do a bit of what Al there would call snooping . oh , could ibuy you a drink ? mary it 's a long drive from Iron City in this kind of a night , Mr , biegler , . paul you mean why be I here ? mary you do not come just to apologize , : paul no - no - but the apology be part of it . tell you the truth I think it might thaw you out just a little . now all I want you to do , miss pilant , be listen for just a few minute , I need some strong evidence to back up Laura manion 's story about the rape . the prosecution be go to attack that story pretty hard - and if the jury think she 's lie it could turn they decision against manion , mary well , be not she lie ? barney do not do what she say he do , he could not have , paul what do you know about you father ? : mary : all I need to know = that he take care of I = and of my mother ~ for as long as she live , he would have 's marry she , but he be already marry , when he finally get a divorce it be too late , but he be always there when I need he . now that 's what I know about my father , Mr , biegler , will that - as you say ~ back up Laura manion 's story ? paul miss pilant , I be not try to get at you or hurt you , ( more ) ( continued ) o xn 141 , continued : ( 3 ) paul ( cont would ) I appreciate you affection for you father -- but as a lawyer I have have to learn that people be not just good or just bad , but many thing - and I think maybe barney quill be many thing --- mary I do not want ... paul now just ~ hear I out , please . I believe that barney tell Al paquette what happen that night and send Al to the window here to watch out for manion - while he stand by by one of he gun rack - wait . manion come in and fire almost the moment he enter the door and that first shot go right through barney 's heart , all I want be for you to try and persuade Al to come into court as a defense witness and tell the court what barney tell he - that he have rape and assault Mrs , manion , mary Al would not conceal that . why would not he tell it if it be true ? paul everybody love something or someone , I , I love fishing and a old guy name parnell , manion love he freedom ~ he would like more of it , barney love you -= and maybe so do Al , I would not blame he , he do not want youto | know the truth about barney ... that he '.. gould ' be 'brutal ' and dangerous , but if you ask Al <= straight out ~- she stare at Paul for a long time -- then call : mary Al . behind the bar , darkly watch the table where Mary and Paul sit , paquette motion for a waitress to take over the bar and he go slowly to Mary . . ( continued ) lol - a , 94 continued : ( 4 ) mary ( continue ) Al , Mr. biegler know barney be my father and he think you know something about the night my father be kill - something you will not tell . al lawyer , I tell you once and I will tell you again , no question , no answer , mary wait , Al , do my father rape Mrs. manion ? al '' barney would not hurt a woman , he be a good guy - just like you think . mary be there any reason you would not tell I the truth , Al ? al ( a queer pause ) what reason ? mary anything else , Mr. biegler ? paul ( rise = put on the wet hat ) I will leave a.pass for you and Al at the trial , you might like to watch lt , manion get convict , he go to the decor . . '' al : se you go to spread it around about Mary be barney 's kid ? paul ( he 's tired ) no , Al , I be not go to spread it around , good night , miss pilant . he go , paquette move to the window , look after Paul as he disappear into the wet night . Mary remain at the table - still and thoughtful , dissolve to : 141-b. 95 courtroom - day manion be on the stand , he be cool , straight - forward , at ease , and alert . Paul be question , - paul now let 's get at that rosary thing , it have be testify that you wife swore to you on a rosary that she have be rape by barney quill , do you ask she to swear on a rosary ? manion my wife be hysterical and be not make much sense , I think if I ask she to take a oath on the rosary it might serve to calm she and make she think clearly . paul do the rosary help ? manion ° she be able to tell I in detail what have happen , paul now go on from here , what do you do then , Lieutenant ? manion I have she lie on the bed and I get some cold cloth for she head and == oh yes , I give she a drink of brandy , after a while she become quiet and seem to goto sleep , then I go to the closet and get my gun and load it , paul be it in you mind to kill barney quill ? ( continued ) 142. 95 continued : oo no. paul why do you get you gun and load it ? manion manion I know I have to go to quill 's bar and I think I might need it , paul why ? manion I know Mr , quill keep gun behind the i bar . I be afraid he might shoot I . paul -— —-—.-___ might shoot you if you do what ? what be you go to do ? ' manion I be not sure . I remember I have some idea of find he and hold he while I call the police , paul wy ) but Mr. lemon right in the tourist park be a deputy sheriff , why do not you get he to go with you ? manion I do not know why I do not think of Mr. lemon . maybe because he always seem to be nothing except the old caretaker of the park . maybe because I be not think too clearly about anything -- except find barney quill , : paul why do not you go to the telephone and call the State Police before you go to the bar ? manion I do not know why . I be in sort of a daze , it be a awful thing to see what have be do to my wife , paul you say you be ina daze . when you get to the bar -- do you see that @ the bar be crowded ? ( continued ) 95 143 , continued : ( 2 ) manion I do not remember anyone at that bar except barney quill , he be the only person I see . paul what be he do ? manion . I think he be just stand behind the bar . paul do he make a threaten move to reach for a gun ? manion I do not know , he might have , but I do not know . paul now since you go there to find he and hold he for the police , why do you shoot he ? manion ido not remember shoot he , paul as. you leave the bar , do you remember alphonse paquette stop you and say you would better not run away from this ? -- and you reply -- ' do you want some , too , buster ?! manion I seem to have a vague recollection of someone speak to I but I do not remember what I say or what ' be say to I , paul do you remember go home ? manion not clearly . paul when do you realize you have shot quill ? : manion I be get a drink of water . ( more ) ( continued ) 95 144 , continued : ( 3 ) manion ( cont would ) I remember my throat be so dry that it hurt . when I put the glass down I see the gun on the kitchen sink beside the tap . I notice the gun be empty . Paul take the luger from the table , hand it to manion , paul will you please show the Court how you know the gun be empty ? manion ( demonstrate on the luger ) this gadget here . when it stick up you know the last round have be fire , paul Lieutenant manion , on the night of the shoot do you love you wife ? manion yessir , paul — do you still love she ? manion very much , Laura 's face as she watch manion be without emotion . paul you witness , Mr. dancer , dancer come over slowly , twist a ring on he finger , stand smile at manion , manion face he calmly . dancer Lieutenant manion , how many man have you kill ? paul now wait a minute . you honor , a man 's war record -- in Lieutenant manion 's case a great record -- certainly should not be use against he , - ( continued ) o G 95 continued : ( 4 ) dancer you honor , I be as patriotic as the next man but the simple truth be that war can condition a man to kill other man , I only wish to determine how condition the lieutenant may be to the use of fire arm on another human be , judge weaver I do not approve of the question , Mr. biegler , but on the other hand I do not see how I can turn it down , let 's see what Mr. dancer be go to do with the information . take the answer , manion I know I kill at least four man in Korea , Three of the with a hand grenade and one with my service automatic . I may have kill other . a soldier do not always know , dancer now Lieutenant , in this act of kill , do you ever have a lapse of memory such as you have when you kill barney quill ? manion no sir , : dancer do you ever have a lapse of memory during battle ? manion no sir . . dancer be you ever submit to a constant barrage , constantly in a sweat for many hour , constantly under attack or attack ? manion : many time . dancer be you ever treat for shell shock , battle fatigue or any war neurosis or psychosis ? 145 , ( continued ) 95 continued : ( 5 ) ' manion no , dancer do you ever experience a unusual mental state during the war ? manion I do remember have one great urge . dancer what be that ? manion to get the hell out and go home , the laughter come , judge weaver ( rapping for silence ) the defendant will confine himself to the seriousness of he present situation , manion I be sorry , you honor , dancer have take the joke with good humor , dancer I sympathize with the Lieutenant . I expect he have the same feel about be in jail , the main point here , Lieutenant , be that in all of you war service you have no record of mental disturbance ? you be at all time in possession of you faculty ? . ~ manion yessir . that 's right . dancer no more question , paul no re-direct , you honor . a buzz go through the courtroom , be this all that dancer be go todo ? Paul , puzzle , watch dancer return to the prosecution table . 146 , ( continued ) 95 96 97 147 , continued : ( 6 ) judge weaver you may step down , Lieutenant , call you next witness please . paul we call Laura manion to the stand , manion hurry to sit beside Paul . manion ( whisper ) I think you say he would skin I alive , paul wait . nervously , hand grip she purse , Laura be swear . int . courthouse rotunda - day Mary pilant enter the courthouse , come into the rotunda , hesitates with uncertainty at the bottom of the stair , then go up . int , courtroom - day Laura be on the stand , Paul question , as Laura talk , in the back of the courtroom Mary enter . the deputy inside the door show she to a space on a spectator bench , Paul see Mary enter , follow she with curious eye as she be seat . paul how long after you tell you husband what have happen do he leave the trailer ? LAURA 1 do not know exactly , everything be kind of fuzzy . iwas faint and I lay '' ' down on the bed . and he sit beside nme . I vaguely remember he get up and go out , I remember wonder if he be go for a doctor and then he come back in , it seem just a few second but it must have be longer -- I must have go to sleep . when he come back in and sit on the bed he have a gun in he hand and I say , ' what be you go to do ? ' and he say , ' I think I have already do it . I think I have kill barney quill . ' ( continued ) '' a 148 , 97 continued : : paul be you sure he do not say , ' I have kill barney quill ?! LAURA no . I remember distinctly . ' I think I have kill barney quill , ! : paul now what do you do ? LAURA I put my arm around he and begin to cry and I say , ' you would better go to Mr. lemon ! and my husband say , ' I forget about that , ' paul : what do he mean =- forget about what ? LAURA he mean he would forget that Mr , lemon be a deputy sheriff and he say , ' yes , I will go turn myself in to Mr. lemon , ! paul you honor , I have no other direct question at this time , but since I be sure the credulity of the Court have be strain about the part the little dog play on this night , I should like a few minute to show the Court this remarkable little animal , judge weaver do the people have objection ? dancer I know if we raise a objection Mr , biegler will declare that we be hater of all small furry animal . and I must also admit I be curious to see this dog which lead the way home for lady in distress , judge weaver ( wearily ) a créature that cannot talk will be a welcome relief , produce the dog . ( continued ) 97 0 149 , continued : ( 2 ) paul ( turn to the rear of the courtroom ) will the deputy bring in the dog please ? the deputy sheriff at the main door go outside for a moment , . Paul move he gaze to Mary . they eye meet and she look away . the deputy re-enter , carry a travel case for a dog . paul ( continue ) just let the dog out there , the deputy put the case on the floor and open its door . muff bounce out , paul ( continue ; call ) come on , muff , the little dog scamper down the aisle and bound into Paul 's arm . paul ( continue ) now I will ask Mrs. manion to give the dog a flashlight . Laura step down from the box and take a small flashlight from she purse , Paul place the dog on the floor and the dog run to Laura , romping in delight as he see the flashlight . LAURA hello , baby -- hello , sweetie . do sweetie want the flashlight ? paul I would like the Court to notice that the dog will turn the light on , Laura put . the flashlight on the floor and : muff paw at it , seize it in he mouth , he tooth over the switch , the light go on , a ripple of amusement and approval from the jury which swell to laughter as . muff run to dancer with the light , stand up with he paw on dancer 's leg , judge weaver rap for silence , paul ( continue ) it 's easy to see that muff do not know who he enemy be . another laugh from the courtroom , judge weaver rap again , ( continued ) 97 150 . continued : ( 3 ) judge weaver remove the dog please . Witness will return to the stand . sheriff battisfore gather up muff , return he to the deputy as Laura step into the witness box and dancer move in for the cross~examination , dancer smile and make a little bow . dancer Mrs. manion , may I compliment you on you well - train pet . Laura smile , a timid grateful smile -- somewhat disarm , dancer ( continue ) May I also say I be pleased to see you be not today hide you lovely hair under a hat , paul you honor , be the assistant - attorney general from lansing pitching woo or be he go to cross~examine . a laugh from the courtroom which do not disturb the imperturbable dancer . judge weave . ( rapping ) . let 's get on with it , dancer Mrs. manion , what be you occupation before you be marry to the Lieutenant ? LAURA housewife . dancer you mean you be marry before ? LAURA yes , once , dancer I suppose you first husband die ? LAURA no. dancer do you divorce you first husband for Lieutenant manion ? ( continued ) 151 , 97 continued : ( 4 ) paul you honor , if counsel want to know the grounds for Mrs. manion 's divorce -- let he ask that question , dancer what be the grounds for divorce , Mrs. manion ? - LAURA mental cruelty . dancer naturally . how long be it after you divorce that you marry Lieutenant manion ? LAURA I be -- I be not sure , soo paul ( quickly ) May I refresh the witness 's memory for Mr. dancer ? dancer by all mean , paul . I believe she tell I that they be marry three day after the divorce . Laura and Paul have lock eye , he be deliberately show she that she must not be evasive . dancer look from one to the other , grasp the situation , dancer thank you , Mr. biegler , be that correct , Mrs. manion ? : LAURA {a murmur ) yes , dancer then unless yours be a whirlwind courtship you must have know Lieutenant manion before you divorce . do you ? LAURA yes , ( continued ) G 152. 97 continued : ( 5 ) on the jury a couple of woman exchange significant look . dancer what be you religious affiliation , Mrs. manion ? LAURA I be a Catholic . dancer a Catholic in good stand ? LAURA well , no -= the divorce -= you know . dancer you mean you have be ex-communicated because of the divorce ? LAURA yes , dancer Mrs , manion , would not you say that a Catholic who can blithely ignore a cardinal rule of she church can also easily ignore a oath take on one of its artifact -- say a oath take on a rosary ? LAURA I do not think that 's true . dancer but would not you think there would be some doubt about the integrity of such a person ? I do not know . all I know be the rosary mean something to I . dancer ( smoothly ) I see . well , I will pass on to something else , the angle of the camera be such that we can see that dancer have block Paul 's view.of Laura , Paul move to another chair at the counsel table . as dancer continue he step around to again obscure Paul 's view of Laura . ( continued ) 97 continued : ( 6 ) . dancer oq Mrs , manion , you have testify that you husband be late in come home from he work on the night of the shoot , be you angry about he be late ? LAURA I guess I be a little put out . dancer do you have a argument ? LAURA not much , a little . dancer when you leave the trailer to go to the tan do you _husband_know that - you be leave ? LAURA he be asleep , dancer be part of you reason for go to the Inn without he knowledge because you be vex ? o LAURA well , I would be irone all day and -- yes , I guess that 's true . paul you honor , may the record show that counsel have deliberately cut off my view of the witness . dancer - . ( smoothly ) : I be sorry , Mr. biegler . ' 1 would not want to interfere with you signal to Mrs. manion , paul ( angrily ) I further object to the implication that I be signal the witness . this be the shabbiest courtroom trick I have ever see . dancer you have not live , Mr. biegler . ( continued ) 97 continued : ( 7 ) : paul ©) you honor , I ask that the Court rule on my objection . . judge weaver Mr. dancer , will you be careful not to place yourself between Mr. biegler and he witness ? dancer of course , you honor , ( he move out of the way ) anything else , Mr. biegler ? paul you do it once again and I will punt you all the way out into the middle of Lake Superior . judge weaver ( bang he gavel ) this back~ bite have get to stop . the next one of you that speak out of turn be go to have I to deal with . now get on with the cross-examination . , . o the courtroom become quiet and dancer continue . dancer would you have - go to the Inn if you husband have be awake ? LAURA he would probably have go with I . dancer but would you have go alone ? LAURA well , not if he do not want I to , dancer would he have not want you to ? LAURA I be not sure , I do not know how to answer that . dancer have you ever go before to the Thunder Bay Inn or elsewhere in Thunder Bay at night -- alone ? ( continued ) 97 continued : ( 8 ) LAURA C ) yes. sometimes , dancer do you husband know you be go ? LAURA not always , he go to sleep early and sometimes I be restless , dancer where do you go on this occasion ? LAURA I take a walk by the lake or I go to the bingo place or maybe to the e 1 dancer do you ever go to meet another man ? ' LAURA ' no. noi do not , I never do that , dancer '' do you mean to say , Mrs. manion , ch that a lovely woman like yourself , 7 ) attractive to man , lonely , restless -- that you never ... _ paul objection , you honor . ' the witness answer the question about other 1 man . counsel be now make a veile suggestion for the jury . dancer I withdraw the question . now Mrs. manion , on . this occasional excursion into the night , do you always go and return alone ? ' | ' ! I LAURA * of course , dancer but Mrs. manion , you testify that you get into barney quill 's car because you be afraid to go home alone . why be you so frighten on that particular night ? - , ; ( continued ) oo continued : o 156 , ( 9 ) ' LAURA I say it be because he tell I that bear have be see around , dancer be this the first time you would hear of bear come around Thunder Bay to pick up scrap ? LAURA no. dancer have you see the bear around before ? LAURA yes , dancer then this be just the first time that wee ee you be afraid of they ? LAURA no , I be always afraid of they . . dancer then this be the first time you be enough afraid to allow a man to take you home from one of you evening prowl ? paul objection , the use of the word ' prowl ! be intend to mislead the jury . judge weaver sustain , ask the question again , Mr. dancer . : dancer I be sorry , Mrs , manion , I do not mean to imply that you be a huntress -~ so let 's say , " evening walk , " be this the first time you be frighten enough to let someone take you home from a evening walk ? LAURA but it be not just that -- it be a sort of -- ( continued ) qo 97 157 . continued : ( 10 ) dancer come , Mrs , manion , you should be able to tell we that straight off . it 's a simple enough question . Laura be pale and shaky . she dab at she lip and forehead with she handkerchief , . paul you honor , how can the witness answer straight off if the counsel interrupt she answer ?! judge weaver Witness seem rather slow to I , Mr. biegler . however , I would let the witness complete a statement if she can , Mr , dancer , before you interrupt , dancer of course , you honor , in any case , Mr. biegler 's objection have give Mrs. manion sufficient time to think of a answer to my question , you have think of one , have not you , Mrs , manion ? LAURA what I be go to say be that I do not want to offend Mr. quill by make he think I be afraid of he or do not like he . he have be very pleasant to my husband and I when we be in he bar . dancer that 's very good , Mrs. manion , very good indeed , paul you honor ... judge weaver Attorney for the people will save he comment for the argument , dancer I will ask you this question , Mrs. manion ... ( slowly ) .+. be this the first time you have be in barney quill 's car at night ? ( continued ) 158 , 97 continued : ( 11 ) Laura 's nervous gaze be quickly fastened on manion , frighten q of he tight lip and cold eye , judge weaver Mrs. manion , do you hear the question ? LAURA ( look down at she hand ) yes , iheard , yes , it be the first time , dancer look at the jury . they attention be hard on Laura , they face a study of the question in they mind -- one man frown with puzzlement -- another 's lip be purse -- another be scratch he chin , a woman 's head be turn in askance , she ear to the witness -- another peer out over he -- spectacle , / : dancer ' would you raise you voice a little , Mrs. manion ? | ' LAURA cs I say it be the first time , na 98 close up of manion bleak , eye glitter cruelly . 99 courtroom dancer ( change pace ) now Mrs , manion , I be quite concerned about the lose panty . would . you describe this article of clothing to the Court ? LAURA they be nylon and have lace up the side . there be a label of the shop where I buy they -- smartshop in Phoenix , Arizona . dancer what be the color of the panty ? eg LAURA ' I believe white , ( continued ) 159 . 99 continued : - dancer CD you believe ? LAURA ihave white and pink -- they may have be pink , dancer you be not sure ? have not you check you lingerie wardrobe to see which pair of panty be miss ? LAURA no . dancer when you husband come home from work and you have this little spat , be you already dress to go out ? LAURA no. ae dancer ~~ when do you dress ? . LAURA ' after dinner , after he be asleep . ro ) dancer it have be state here that you be , bare - legge in the bar . be that true ? LAURA yes . dancer in you anger at you husband and you haste to get out of the trailer , perhaps you do not put on any panty , either ? : paul objection , Witness have already testify as to what she be wear . — _ sustain , judge weaver 100 close up of mary pilant her face pale and compose , but she eye be wide with a secret fear , or knowledge , courtroom dancer do you always wear panty , Mrs , manion ? Laura glance helplessly at Paul , . paul you honor , I object to this line of question . it 's immaterial what Mrs. manion do all the time , on the night she be attack she be wear panty . that 's all we be concerned with , dancer you honor , Mrs. manion seem uncertain about what kind of panty she be wear and since this panty have not be find I submit that it 's possible she be not wear any and have forget . that 's what I be try to get at . judge weaver take the answer , Mrs. manion . ; dancer De you always wear panty ? LAURA ( on the verge of tear ) no . dancer on what occasion do not you wear they ? -- when you go out alone at night ? . paul ( angry ) you honor , we have be have , he say he 's after one thing and he go for another . judge weaver I will sustain the objection . Strike the last two question and Mrs. manion 's answer , now get off the subject of panty , Mr. dancer , you have do enough damage . dancer yes , you honor . be you husband a jealous man , Mrs. manion ? 160 , ( continued ) 101 continued : maida glance quickly at Paul who be terribly still , hold in suspense , LAURA well , he -- he love I . dancer I be sure of that . but be he excessively jealous ? paul how can the witness answer that , you honor ? what be the norm of : jealousy ? . judge weaver can you put you question in another way , Mr. dancer ? dancer have you husband ever strike you in a jealous rage , Mrs. manion ? paul you honor , I think Mr , dancer be fishing . what be the relevancy of this question ? dancer you honor , the shoe be squeezing Mr. biegler 's foot . in he own word , this be not a high school debate , it 's a cross-examination in a murder trial . judge weaver can you nail you question down a little more , Mr. dancer ? 2 dancer I believe so , you honor . Mrs. manion , do you ever go out socially in Thunder Bay ? ' LAURA yes , a few time , dancer when you husband 's outfit move into Thunder Bay , do not barney quill throw a cocktail party for the officer and they wife ? ( continued ) cp 101 continued : ( 2 ) LAURA yes . dancer do you husband strike a young second Lieutenant at the party ? LAURA there be a little scuffle , it be not much , dancer what be it about ? LAURA I be not sure I remember . dancer be you too drunk to remember ? LAURA no , iwas not . I think the Lieutenant be cut in too much when I be dance with my husband , dancer and shortly afterward do not you husband on the veranda of the Inn slap you hard enough that you fall against the wall ? LAURA he be drink , dancer be not this a jealous rage ? LAURA I do not know . dancer do you remember why he strike you ? LAURA well , yes . dancer be not he enraged at you because he think you have encourage this young lieutenant ? LAURA he might have think so . 162. ( continued ) 163 , 101 continued : ( 3 ) Paul 's face frighten , dancer Mrs. manion , there be witness to this whole affair . I will ask you again -- be not this jealous rage ? LAURA I suppose it could be call that , dancer ( boring in ) now I will ask you -- on the night of the shoating , what do you swear , what oath do you take on the rosary ? LAURA it be about barney quill raping I . dancer why do you swear on the rosary that he have rape you ? LAURA for the reason that my husband say -- iwas hysterical , dancer that be the reason he give for ask you to swear , what be you reason for swear ? LAURA ( blindly ) so he would believe I . be anxious . dancer 's get close . Laura be dancer why , should not he believe you ? paul objection , you honor , the reason for the use of the rosary have be establish , this question be immaterial , judge weaver no , I think I will take the answer , Mr. biegler . dancer iask you again , Mrs , manion -- why should not he believe you ? ( continued ) 164 , 101 continued : ( 4 ) q . LAURA I guess -- I guess because I be not make sense , dancer do he think you be lie about a thing like that ? paul objection , Lieutenant manion have already testify as to what he think . judge weaver sustain , dancer ( suddenly ) do you husband strike you that night ? Laura be unable to answer -- she lip move without sound , dancer do he hit you that night ? LAURA he -- when -- he might have slap oo I because I be hysterical , dancer and do not you swear to a lie to keep he from hit you again ? LAURA no -- I do not -- I do not . dancer ( drive ) have not he already beat you up at the gate when he catch you come home from a trip dow lover ' lane with barney quill ? Paul be on he foot before dancer be do , he voice come in behind dancer 's , dancer raise he voice to complete the question , paul ( shouting ) objection , the witness have testify that she be beat by barney quill , the courtroom be rumbling . judge weaver rap for silence . ( continued ) o lol 165 . continued : ( 5 ) dancer no more question . Laura burst into tear , paul I think the witness have have enough , you honor , judge weaver the witness may step down , we will recess until after lunch , he rap he gavel and step down from the bench toward he chamber . in the flash of photographer ' bulb and hubbub in the courtroom Laura come down from the stand . manion be quickly beside she , he arm around she . manion ( whisper ) I be sorry , baby . maida have come into the enclosure , paul maida , take Mrs , manion to the house and let she rest , manion kiss Laura on the cheek , manion it 's all over now . LAURA do I do all right ? paul you do fine , sheriff come on , Lieutenant . let 's see what sulo have for we . manion go with the sheriff , Laura with maida through the door of the lawyer ' conference room . Paul get he hat from the table and start up the aisle to the main door of the courtroom , the courtroom be empty and Mary be isolate among the empty bench . Paul move toward she . nervously she rise , and avoid he , hurry to join the throng leave the courtroom , Paul hold , look after she with curiosity . dissolve to : 102 166 , ext , iron CITY railroad station - day parnell be on the platform as the train be pull in , he be bandage a little and hobbling , when the train stop , a woman and two child get off , a young man with a stubby nose and a crewcut get off , a elderly couple follow and then a middle - age distinguished looking man with a neat , grey moustache and wear a homburg hat , parnell 's face light up and he approach the distinguished middle - age man , parnell Dr. Smith ? distinguished man pardon ? parnell I have come to meet you -- my name be -- distinguished man a ( cut he off ) I be sorry . you make a mistake , ' the man move on and the kid with the stubby nose and the crewcut approach parnell , smith maybe I be the one you be look for . be you Mr. biegler ? parnell ( in disbelief ) no , no , I be he associate in the case , do not tell I you be Dr. Smith ? smith that 's I . parnell {in disbelief ) the -- army -- psychiatrist ? " smith maybe you expect I to be in uniform ? parnell no -- sure -- well , I do not expect anybody so young . smith I be forty . parnell I sort of hope you would have a beard and wear a monocle , ( continued ) 102 103 167 , continued : smith oh , I see , he take out a pair of heavy horn -rimm glass and slip they on , smith ( continue ; grin ) that better ? parnell + ( grin ) it help . - well , we would better shove along . parnell take the doctor 's small overnight bag and they walk away down the platform , dissolve to : int . courtroom - day Dr. Smith , in he horn -rimm glass , be on the stand , parnell with maida on the spectator 's bench behind defense table , Paul be interrogate . . paul '' Doctor , have you form a opinion , as to Frederick manion 's emotional disorganization at the time he kill barney quill ? smith ihave , paul what be that opinion ? smith he be temporarily insane at the time of the shoot , paul at the time of the shoot do you believe that he be able to distinguish right from wrong ? smith he may or may not have be . it do not make too much difference , ( continued ) 103 168 , continued : paul now doctor , as clearly as you can , will you explain Frederick manion 's temporary insanity ? smith . it be know as dissociative reaction , a psychic shock which create a almost overwhelming tension which the person in shock must alleviate . in Lieutenant manion 's case , a soldier , it be natural that he would turn to action . only direct simple action against barney quill would relieve this unbearable tension . this be not too uncommon , for example in combat -- in war I mean -- some of the more remarkable heroic take place in this state of mind . Soldiers who have perform fantastically brave act be frequently unable to recall have perform that act because they be at the time in the grip of dissociative reaction , paul be there another name for dissociative reaction , one we be more likely to recognize ? smith - yes , it have be know as ‘irresistible impulse , ' Paul glance toward the prosecution table , dancer and Mitch be , in a whisper huddle .. Paul half - grin , . paul now doctor , a man in the. grip of irresistible impulse . -- would he be likely to go to a neighbor for advice , would he call the police to come to he aid ? smith completely incompatible , in this trance - like state he would be unable to think of anything except the relief of this massive tension . paul but we man be able to think of take out a gun and load it before he set off to find barney quill , ( more ) { continued ) continued : q 169 , { 2 ) paul ( cont would ) he testify that he get the gun because he be afraid quill would shoot he , if he be in a trance~like state , how do you explain this ? smith that be he conscious mind work -- but if no gun have be available he would have go anyway -- bare - hand =- he would have walk into the mouth of acannon , it 's important to understand that the very essence of he manhood be at stake , nothing short of oblivion or death could have prevaile against he overpower need , paul would this tension interfere with he physical ability ? -- say he ability to accurately fire a gun ? smith it probably would have heighten he ability , paul how would a man look when in the grip of dissociative reaction ? smith . he might appear to be deadly calm -- fiercely deliberate . paul gould you describe he behavior as be like a mailman deliver the mail ? . smith that 's not bad . like a mailman , he would have one job to do and he would do it . paul would a man in this state be apt to converse with other man ? smith it 's possible , although he would not likely initiate conversation , ( continued ) | 170 . 103 continued : ( 3 ) . paul qo do you mean that if someone stop he and speak to he he might answer but he would not be likely to speak first ? . smith . not likely -- paul you witness . dancer rise . during he first few question Paul be surveying the courtroom -- then bend to maida and whisper -~ paul can you spot Mary pilant ? maida she do not come back after lunch . you would better give up on that one . between dancer and Smith , . , dancer Doctor , do you find any psychosis in Frederick manion ? '' smith ~ I do not . dancer any neurosis ? smith I find no history of neurosis , . dancer do you find any history of delusion ? smith none. dancer loss of memory ? smith not before this instance , dancer how about hallucination ? smith no . ( continued ) G CD continued : ( 4 ) dancer '' any history of conversion hysteria ? smith well , irresistible impulse embrace what have be call conversion hysteria , dancer in common language be not conversion hysteria also know as a fit of temper ? smith I know of no reputable psychiatrist who would so describe it , dancer but a layman might call it that ? smith probably , yes . dancer be not that what really happen ? in a fit of temper -- in a fit of rage , the Lieutenant walk over and shot barney quill , smith ' no , not in my opinion , that be not what happen , dancer Doctor , you state that the Lieutenant might or might not have be able to distinguish right from wrong == but that it do not make much difference . be I right ? be that what you say ? smith approximately -- yes , dancer do you mean that at the time of the shoot he could have know the difference between right and wrong ? smith he might have , yes . ( continued ) 172 , 103 . continued : ( 5 ) dancer Doctor Smith , if the defendant could have know what he be do and could have know that it be wrong , how can you come here and testify that he be legally insane ? smith I be not say he be legally insane . I be a doctor , not a lawyer . I be say that in he mental condition it would not have make any difference whether he know right from wrong =- he would still have shot quill , he could not have prevent himself from do so . dancer in other word , what he do he do willfully and in anger ? will es smith the word ' anger ! and ' wiliful ' be a immense simplification of a very complicated mental condition , I repeat , Lieutenant manion be temporarily insane , dancer be you willing to rest you testimony in this case on this opinion ? smith lam dancer ( look at Paul , puzzle ) you honor , 's I -would like.to ask for a short recess , the attorney for the people would like to meet with Mr. biegler and the Court in chamber , judge weaver Mr , biegler ? paul glad to oblige , you honor . judge weaver Court will stand in recess for ten minute . ( continued ) 103 104 173 , continued : ( 6 ) he step down from the bench toward he chamber , follow by Paul , dancer and Mitch , Paul be carry the lawbook which he have keep on the defense table , the same book in which he deposit the fishing lure earlier in the case , int , judge's chamber - day the judge enter , follow by Paul , dancer and Mitch . judge weaver go directly to he desk , seize he pipe and begin to stuff it . judge weaver one day I be go to horrify tradition and lay a blue pall of good Virginia burley on that hallow precinct out there , ( he get he pipe light ) all right , Mr. dancer , dancer I think perhaps in view of Dr. Smith 's testimony the defense might like to change they plea . paul Change it to what ? dancer to guilty , of course . paul no , we will still go for break . mitch Hell , polly , you know a guy 's not consider legally nut in Michigan unless he do not know right from wrong . why do not you come on and end this thing ? paul ( place he lawbook before judge weaver ) Jagger would you open that to page — 106 , mitch what 's that ? judge weaver it appear to be a lawbook , Mr. lodwick . ( continued ) 174 , 104 continued : q . judge weaver pull down he glass , open the book to the right page -~- glance at Paul expectantly , and pick the red flannel fishing lure off the open page . . paul ( reach for the lure ) oh -- sorry , you honor . I make that thing to help I think sometimes . judge weaver ( inspect the lure ) for perch ? - paul no , sir -- frog . mitch ( impatiently ) what case be he cite , judge ? judge weaver nabsorb by lure ) we gig frog in my part of the country . paul oy ( demonstrate m S as he talk ) yessir , up here , too - but this be a new wrinkle I be go totry . they do it in the bayous down south . you use a long pole with a ten pound line and sort of drift along a high bank in the boat . Mitch turn away in impatient disgust ; dancer be amused . paul ( continue ) : you see a big bull sit back ina crevice , you swing this out and kind of let it float in front of he -- and pop -~ that old tongue of he will snap out and you get frog leg for supper . judge weaver I will be darn . paul keep it and try it sometime . ( continued ) 175 , 104 continued : ( 2 ) xd judge weaver thanks . I will , ~ . ( he 's suddenly remind of the 4 business at hand ) oh <- yes , page 106 I believe you say , he bend over the book and read slowly . Mitch come back to the desk and hover over the judge . judge weaver ( continue ; finally ) hummp ! mitch what be it , you honor ? judge weaver precedent . people versus durfee -~ year 1886 . would you like to read it , Mr. dancer ? dancer no , you honor . we be hook -- like the frog . a 0 dissolve to : 105 int , courtroom - day dr , W. gregory harcourt be be swear . now he take the witness stand , dancer rise to examine , . . dancer Dr. harcourt , where do you receive you university training ? harcourt johns hopkins in Baltimore , maryland . dancer when be you admit to the practice of medicine ? harcourt 1924 , dancer since that time have you specialize in any particular field of medicine ? ( continued ) 176 , continued : harcourt ihave -- the field of psychiatry . dancer where do you practice now ? harcourt iam the medical superintendent of the bonder State Hospital for the insane , iam also psychiatric examiner for the Veteran ! administration , dancer do you then feel that you have particular knowledge of the mental ill and problem of soldier ? harcourt I do . dancer it have be state here that dissociative reaction or irresistible impulse be not uncommon among soldier in combat . do you agree with that statement ? harcourt ido , but not as it be put by Dr , Smith . dancer where would you depart from Dr. Smith ? harcourt well , dissociative reaction be not something which come out of the blue and disappear as quickly . it can only occur -- even among soldier in combat -- if the individual have a psycho-neurotic condition of long stand . : paul iobject , you honor . be the Doctor state a prove fact or a opinion ? we be not deal here with chicken pox or a sore throat but with the mystery of the human mind . if the Doctor be give he opinion it should be qualified as such . judge weaver sustain . do you want to straighten this out , Mr. dancer ? ( continued ) 177 , continued : ( 2 ) dancer ' you answer , Doctor , be of course you opinion , be not it ? harcourt that go without say , do not it ? paul no , it do not . you honor ... judge weaver ( patiently ) just say it be you opinion , Doctor , please . harcourt my answer be a opinion , paul ( sit ) all right . dancer iam sure the jury have forget you answer by now , Doctor . let 's go back . be it you opinion that dissociative reaction could not occur one time and one time only ? harcourt yes . there would have be repeat upset of a dissociative nature . dancer it have be testify here that a psychiatric examination of the defendant show no evidence of neurosis or history of dissociative reaction , you have heardit further testify here that the defendant 's '' behavior on the night of the shoot be cool and direct . as a observer do you remember this testimony ? harcourt yes . dancer from this have you form a opinion about the defendant 's sanity on the night of the shoot ? ( continued ) o 178 . 105 continued : ( 3 ) harcourt yes . iam of the opinion that he be in sufficient possession of he faculty so that he be not dominate by he unconscious mind . dancer in other word he be not in the grip of irresistible impulse ? harcourt in my opinion he be not . dancer you witness , Mr. biegler . paul Dr. harcourt , psychiatry be a effort to probe into the dark undiscovered world of the mind -- and in there the world might well be round or it could be square -- you opinion could be wrong and Dr. Smith 's opinion could be right , be not that true ? harcourt I would be a poor Doctor if I do not agree with that . but I believe my opinion to be right . paul and good Doctor that you be , you very carefully use the word believe , do not you ? : harcourt yes , . paul . . do you think you would have be less positive if you have examine the defendant as Dr. Smith do ? harcourt I believe it would have help to confirm my opinion . paul but be not it possible it might have cause you to change this opinion ? harcourt I do not believe so . ( continued} WD 179 , continued : ( 4 ) paul Doctor , do you ask to make a examination of the defendant ? harcourt no sir . paul do the attorney for the people petition for such a examination in you behalf ? harcourt no sir . paul so you opinion boil down to a snap judgment , do not it ? harcourt no . it be as careful a judgment as the circumstance permit . paul Dr. Smith 's opinion be make under better circumstance , be not it ? harcourt if you mean that he be able to examine the man , yes . paul thank you , Doctor . dancer Doctor , upon what do you base you opinion ? harcourt upon the finding of other doctor and largely upon’my own year of study and analysis . dancer be that many year ? harcourt over thirty year . dancer you be work in this field probably before Dr. Smith be bear , be not you ? harcourt yes . but that do not necessarily mean ... ( continued ) o 180 . continued : ( 5 ) dancer ( cut he off ) no more question , that 's ali . paul you honor , we would like to hear the witness 's answer . counsel cut he off . dancer Witness have respond ' yes ' to the question , . paul ( grin ) but I think the Doctor be about to qualify that yes . judge weaver get off of it , Mr. biegler . do you have any question ? - paul no question , you honor . : judge weaver that 's all , Dr. harcourt . harcourt sit down , dancer glare at he and huddle with Mitch at judge weaver ( continue ) do the prosecutor have other rebuttal witness ? dancer ( whisper to Mitch ) we be over a barrel . we will have to-use he , Mitch . mitch ( rise ) we call duane Miller to the stand . will the sheriff please bring in the witness ? sheriff battisfore go into the lawyer ' conference room . manion be pale , seemingly stricken , he lip parte , he eye afraid . the sheriff come from the conference room with Miller . the man wear a crooked smile , strut behind the sheriff to the witness stand and be ( continued ) i 181 , continued : ( 6 ) paul {to manion ) what can he tell ? manion ( nervous ) + nothing -- he can not tell anything . dancer move in for the interrogation , glance at manion , shrewdly observe the little drama at the defense table . dancer State you name . miller duane Miller . folk call I Duke . dancer where do you presently reside , Mr. Miller ? miller across the alley , in the jail . dancer do you know the defendant , Frederick manion ? miller yessir . sure . dancer how well do you know he ? miller I get to know he the last few week . his cell 's next to mine . dancer ' be neighbor , I suppose you frequently have have conversation with Lieutenant manion ? miller yeah , we talk . dancer what be the last conversation you have with he ? miller well , except for a hello this morning , the last one be last night . ( continued ) 9 105 106 107 183. continued : ( 8 ) dancer be you sure Mr. Miller , that the Lieutenant say , ' I have get it make -- buster ?! — miller that 's what he say -- buster . dancer Mr. Miller , do Lieutenant manion say anything else ? miller ( grin ) yessir . he say when he get out the first thing he be go to do be kick that bitch from here to kingdom come . close up ii a of Laura , tooth set against she tremble lip . courtroom dancer to whom be he refer ? miller to.his wife . dancer you witness . Paul survey the jury as he rise . from he Pov they face be set and sullen . — : eee 8 oe paul Mr. Miller , what be you in jail for ? miller arson . I cop out and I be wait for a sentence . in the b.g. the Guard from the main courtroom door come down the aisle , hand a note to parnell . parnell scan the note , say something to maida , rise and hobble quickly up the aisle and through the main door . paul . how many other offense have you commit ? ( continued ) 182. continued : ( 7 ) dancer do you discuss he trial last night ? miller some . dancer tell the Court what Lieutenant manion have to say about the trial . miller well , I say be thing look up , Lieutenant ? and he say , ' I get it make , buster . ' he say , ' I fool my lawyer and I fool that head shrinker and I be go to fool that bunch of corn cobber on the jury ! ' manion ( violently ) you be a liar . you be a lousy , stinking liar !! the judge rap for order . Paul draw manion back into he seat . paul I apologize for my client , you honor . yet , he outburst be almost excusable since the prosecution have see fit to put a felon on the stand to testify against a officer in the United States Army . dancer ( angry ) you honor , I do not know who be the worse offender -- manion or he lawyer ... judge ' weaver ( patience lose ) we be close to the end . in the name of heaven let 's have peace and courtesy for this last few hour . Mr. dancer , you will continue you interrogation without comment . Mr. biegler will not perorate at every opportunity and the defendant will remain in he chair . and keep he mouth shut . he punctuate the end of he speech with a bang of he gavel . Paul sit , humbly . dancer take out he handkerchief and dab at he forehead . manion , white and furious , sink down into he chair . ( continued ) 184 , 107 continued : q '' miller 7 huh ? oh -- well , I be in reform school when I be a kid . that 's all , . paul you honor , I would like to see this man 's criminal record , judge weaver do you have the record , Mr. lodwick ? mitch ( sheepishly ) yes sir , here it be . Mitch produce several card clipped together . Paul stride to the prosecution table , take the card , flip through they . paul Mr. Miller , this record show you have be in prison six time in three different state . you have be in three time for arson , twice for assault with a deadly weapon , once for larceny . it also show you have do short stretch in four city jail for the charge of indecent exposure , window peeping , perjury , and commit a public nuisance . be this you true record ? miller well , they thing never be right . Paul stalk back to the prosecution table , angrily toss the record on the table . Mitch be embarrassed , but dancer be imperturbable , as usual . paul Mr , Miller , how do -you.get the ear of the prosecution in order to tell they about you conversation with Lieutenant manion ? miller the D. A. be take we to he office ... paul take who to he office ? miller we prisoner in the jail . paul he take you all at once or one at a time ? ( continued ) 185 . 107 continued : ( 2 ) cv miller one at atime . him and that other lawyer take we to he office and ask we question about Lieutenant manion . paul be you promise a lighter sentence if you would go on the witness stand ? dancer the people object , you honor , to be ... judge weaver ( snap he off ) overrule . take the answer . miller t be not promise anything . paul perhaps you just think it might help you own trouble if you dream up a story that would please the D. a . ? . miller so I do not dream up nothing . paul and you be sure that 's what Lieutenant manion say ? '' miller yep , I be sure . paul just as sure as you be about you criminal . record ? miller well , I kind of flubbed that I guess . paul ( with great distaste ) I do not feel I can dignify this creature with any more question . he return to beside manion . dancer smile and bow to the judge . dancer no further question , you honor . ( continued ) 186 , 107 . continued : ( 3 ) judge weaver take the witness away . Miller step down grin and be lead away by sheriff battisfore . judge weaver ( continue ) Mr. biegler , would you like to have a conference with you client ? I can see that Miller be very much of a surprise . paul no , you honor , we to not need a conference . I will recall Lieutenant manion to the stand right now . manion go to the stand . paul ( continue s) you have hear the testimony of this Miller . be any part of it true ? manion none . . ) paul ( study manion for a moment ) Lieutenant , do you have any idea why he might come in here with a tale like that ? manion no. paul have you ever talk with this man ? ' manion yes . paul what do you talk about ? - manion nothing important . certainly nothing about my personal life or feeling . paul that be all I want to know . ( continued ) 187 . 107 continued : ( 4 ) dancer Lieutenant manion , have you ever have any sort of trouble with Miller ? manion trouble ? I do not know -- you mean a argument -- something like that ? dancer do you ever attack Miller -- physically attack Miller ? Paul realize dancer have use Miller as bait to get manion back on the stand . manion lock to Paul for help . dancer you attorney can not answer the question . for you , Lieutenant manion . do you ever physically attack Miller ? manion I do not think you could call it a attack . I push he head against the bar one day . dancer why ? manion he say something ugly about my wife . dancer do you clearly remember push or bump he head against the bar ? manion sure . I just tell you . dancer then this be not dissociative reaction . paul the defendant be not qualified to answer that . judge weaver sustain , dancer Lieutenant manion , be not you action against barney quill much the same thing as you action against Miller or the Lieutenant you slap at the cocktail party ~~ all do in the heat of anger , with a willful , conscious desire to hurt or kill ? ( continued ) 188 , continued : ( 5 ) manion I do not remember my action against quill , dancer how long have you know you wife be step out with quill ? manion inever know anything like that . I trust my wife . dancer you just occasionally beat she up for the fun of it , I suppose ? paul _. ( desperately ) there have be nothing establish to permit a question like that . he keep try to insinuate without ever come to the point , let he ask the Lieutenant , do he ever beat he wife . judge weaver I will sustain the objection . do you want to re-phrase you question , Mr. dancer ? dancer ( pleased ) no thank you , you honor . I have finish . paul I will ask it . do you , Lieutenant manion , ever beat you wife on the night of the shoot or any other time ? : manion no sir . 7 paul be there any doubt in you mind that barney quill rape Mrs. manion ? manion no sir , paul that 's all . . dancer nothing more . ( continued ) 189 , 107 continued : ( 6 ) . judge weaver step down , Lieutenant . o manion come down to take he seat at the defense table under Paul 's hard gaze . paul we walk into that one . manion > I be sorry . I should have tell you about Miller . be we hurt ? paul bad . parnell come hobbling down the center aisle from the main courtroom door , judge weaver ( watch parnell ) do the prosecution have any other rebuttal witness ? mitch owatch parnell ) no , you honor . we have no other witness , q parnell bend over the railing , whisper to Paul , judge weaver do the defense have any rebuttal witness ? paul you honor , I know time be very press and I do not want to ask for a recess . but I would like to leave the courtroom for a moment . judge weaver well , I suppose if it 's important we can be at ease for a minute . mitch this be highly irregular , you honor . judge weaver Mr. lodwick , there be no reason , as the say go , to make a federal case out of this . you be excuse , 5 Mr. biegler . ( continued ) 190 . | : | 107 continued : ( 7 ) q . Paul and parnell hurry up the aisle , they head close together , talk as they go , hasten through the main door into the corridor . all eye in the courtroom remain on the door . the silence be | tempere by a low mumble of conversation . a few moment pass . dancer glance at he wristwatch , shrug he impatience to Mitch . judge weaver take out he watch , wind it , motion to sheriff battisfore to approach the bench . judge weaver {in undertone ) sheriff , will you see if Mr. biegler 's go fishing ? sheriff battisfore trot up the center aisle and disappear through the main door . almost immediately he return , follow by Paul , parnell and Mary pilant . paul _ ( come through the gate ) thank you very much , you honor . 's I now have a rebuttal witness . the defense call Mary pilant to the stand . eee dancer {as Mary approach ) 7 ) . you honor , we would like to protest this affair , the noble defense attorney rush out to a secret conference and now the last minute witness be be bring dramatically down the center aisle . the whole thing have obviously be rig to unduly excite the jury . it 's just another of Mr. biegler 's cornball trick . paul you honor , I do not blame Mr. dancer , . for feel put upon . I be . just a humble . country lawyer , try to do the best I can against this brilliant prosecutor from the big city of lansing . the jury glower at dancer and he pace away angrily . Paul suppress a grin , . judge weaver ( sighing gloomily ) swear the witness . Mary be swear and take the stand . ( continued ) o. ~ 191 , 107 continued : ( 8 ) paul where do you live , miss pilant ? at the prosecution table Mitch lean to dancer , say something and dancer nod at the information . mary at the Thunder Bay Inn in Thunder Bay . , paul how long have you live there ? mary for two year . paul what be you occupation , miss pilant ? mary - I manage the Inn . paul be barney quill you employer ? mary yes , paul how be the laundry handle in the Inn ? mary it 's chute down into the laundry room , paul where be the chute locate on the second floor ? mary between room 42 and 43 , paul who life in this room ? mary I live in 42 and Mr. quill live in 43 , paul would Mr. quill , come up from the lobby , have to pass the mouth of this chute on the way to he room ? ( continued ) a 192 . continued : ( 9 ) mary yes . paul could he easily drop something into this chute as he pass by ? . mary yes , paul now in the laundry room , what be do with the laundry ? . mary the sheet and slip be send out and the towel be put into a wash and dry machine there in the room . paul when be the towel check ? mary as they be take from the wash and dry . : paul do you check they ? mary yes . that be part of my work . paul will you tell we what you find among this towel on the day after Mr. quill be kill ? mary I find a pair of woman 's panty , paul what do you do with they ? , mary I throw they in the rag bin . paul when do you learn of the significance of this panty ? mary here , this morning in the courtroom . ( continued ) 193 , 107 . continued : ( 10 ) paul do you then go home and get they from the rag bin ? mary ( open she purse ) yes . she hand a fold pair of panty to Paul . paul . I offer this article of lingerie as exhibit one for the defense . they be white , have lace up the side and be badly tear <= as if they have be rip apart . by powerful hand . ' the label read , ' smartshop - Phoenix , Arizona .! __ , .. judge weaver if there be no objection the exhibit will be receive in evidence . paul that 's all , miss pilant . at the prosecution table dancer rise , cold and determine . dancer do you ever talk with Mr. lodwick , the prosecute attorney , about quill 's death ? mary yes , he come to the hotel several time after Mr. quill be kill , . dancer do you tell Mr. lodwick that you ' do not believe that barney quill rape - Mrs. manion ? mary yes , I tell he that . dancer now , miss pilant , do you ever talk to the defense attorney , Mr. biegler ? | mary yes . dancer be this also in connection with the shoot of barney quill ? ( continued ) o - 107 continued : ( 11 ) _ : mary yes. dancer do you tell he you do not believe quill have rape Mrs , manion ? mary yes . dancer how many time do you talk to Mr. biegler ? mary twice , dancer when be the last time ? mary last night . dancer glance significantly at Paul , quicken the pace of he interrogation , dancer have you now change you mind about barney quill ? do you now believe he rape Mrs. manion ? mary I -- I do not know now , I think he might have . dancer when do you change you mind -- be it last night ? mary no -- I - - it be here , this morning . dancer when be you give the panty ? be it last night ? paul now wait a minute -- just wait a minute ... judge weaver use the proper form of objection , Mr. biegler . ( continued ) 194 . 195 , 107 continued : ( 12 ) qq . paul on second think I do not object , you honor , I would like the jury to hear she answer ; judge weaver Witness may answer , mary no , . I be not give the panty last night or any other time . I find they , exactly like I say . dancer do you know for a fact barney quill drop the panty in the laundry chute or do you just assume it ? mary ,l assume it . dancer have you think that perhaps someone else might have drop they there ? someone who want they find in the hotel laundry ? . mary I have not think about that . q dancer and in the grip of what Mr. biegler might call dissociative reaction you rush in here with the panty because you want to crucify the character of the dead barney quill -- be not that right ? mary no , I feel it be my duty to ... dancer you pride be hurt , be not it ? mary | I do not know what you mean , paul you honor , he 's try to confuse the witness . let he ask question that she can understand , a ( continued ) 196 . 107 continued : ( 13 ) judge weaver yes , Mr. dancer -- I would like to know what you be get at myself . dancer when you find the panty , miss pilant , be you first think that quill might have rape Mrs , manion -- or be it that he might have be step out with Mrs , manion ? mary {to the judge ) what do he mean ? I do not know what he mean , ' judge weaver Mr. dancer , I must again ask you to put straight question to the witness . — _ dancer this be a straight question , you honor . be you barney quill 's mistress , miss pilant ? mary ( almost weep with fury ) no , no , I be not ! dancer do you know that it 's common knowledge in Thunder Bay that you be live with quill ? mary that 's not true . barney quill be -~ : dancer be what , miss pilant ? she look helplessly at Paul . there 's nothing he can do , dancer ( continue ) barney quill be what , miss pilant ? mary ( defiantly ) he be my father , ( continued ) 107 108 197 . continued : ( 14 ) the courtroom whisper and mumble . dancer be stunne , he stare at Mary for a long moment , then spin to glare at Paul . Paul play it straight , but he can not keep the triumphant glitter from show in he eye . dancer relax , a smile touch he lip , he incline he head in a tiny bow to Paul , , dancer no more question , you honor , paul that 's all for I , you honor . judge weaver the witriess may step down , Mary leave the stand , bravely , head up , Paul escort she to sit beside parnell and maida . : . judge weaver ncontinue ) we will recess for fifteen minute ~~ after which we will hear the close argument . I hope the attorney will be brief and to the point , if it 's possible , I would like to charge the jury before nightfall . ' as the judge be speak , the camera pull back to take in all of the courtroom , dissolve to : int . paul be office ~ night Paul be at the piano , aimlessly tinkering with some slow blue note . parnell lie on the old couch , hat over he face . maida come from . the kitchen , carry a cup.of coffee , survey the two man , come . on to peer through squinted eye nat the clock on Paul 's desk . it read one o'clock , maida think they be go to stay out all night ? * ( a pause ) why can not somebody say something ? parnell ( lift the hat off he face a few inch ) what shall I talk about , maida darling ? ( continued ) 198 . 108 continued : maida tell I we be go to win . I be count on get that promissory note from the Lieutenant . ihope we can borrow some money on it . I need a new typewriter . half the time the ' p ' and the 'f ' will not strike on mine . ' Party of the first part ! sometimes come out , ' arty o' the irst art . ' it do not make sense . it 's embarrassing . paul arty o' the ‘irst art , I like that . it have a ring to it . a moment pass , parnell ( put he hat over he eye ) twelve people go off into a room . twelve different heart , twelve different mind , from twelve different walk of life -- twelve set of eye and ear , shape and size -- and this twelve people have to judge another human be as different from they as they be from each other -- and in they judgment they must become of one mind <= unanimous , it 's one of the miracle of man 's disorganize soul that they can do it -- and most of the time do it right well , God bless jury . a little time pass . Paul pick at the keyboard , maida sip she coffee . : . maida I do not know what I would do if I be on that jury . I really dont know . do you ? parnell ( chuckle ) I love that , polly , my boy . I love that humble country lawyer bit . you have Mr. dancer dance . ( continued ) rs / 199 . 108 continued : ( 2 ) 109 110 paul I be afraid he get the last dance -- best summary I have ever hear in a courtroom , maida I like yours much better , polly . parnell do you have to play that stuff ? can not you play Danny Boy or sweet Isle of innisfree ? Paul boogy Danny Boy and parnell rise irately . parnell ( continue s) sacrilege ! ~ — _ — the ring of the phone cut into the racket Paul be make at the piano . he stop play suddenly . he and parnell turn toward maida who have seize the phone , maida ( into phone ) Paul biegler 's office ... yes sir . right away . ( she hang up ) they be ready , dissolve to : ext , courthouse - night the upper floor , the courtroom floor , be ablaze with light . the lawn be desert , there be maybe fifteen car park in the street . a water truck pass by spraying the pavement . as the truck pass itis join by Paul 's car which turn into - the curb before the court - house . Paul , maida and parnell hurry up the walk toward the entrance , int , courthouse rotunda - night the rotunda be dimly illuminate by a few light in the corridor off the rotunda , Light from above touch the marble stair and from above Laura 's voice be hear murmure a plaintive song -- off key -- lazy . she be precede by muff -- flashlight in mouth , bounce down the stair . as Laura come into view , Paul , maida and parnell enter the courthouse . Laura see they and halt , lean against the stair wall . she carriesher shoe in she hand , she suit jacket be unbuttone . she 's pleasantly tight , careless and appeal . {continued ) qo 200 , continued : LAURA hi , sweetie . paul ( to parnell and maida ) be right up , they go on up , look back suspiciously at tipsy Laura . paul ( continue ) the jury 's come in , LAURA ( she hiccup ) iheard , tell my loving husband I 'l be wait in the car . paul you be sure he will be come out ? LAURA ( put on she shoe ) sure . he 's lucky . some people have all the luck . tell he I be wait to get kick to kingdom come , she meander on down the stair for a few step . LAURA ( continue ) 's oh , hey sweetie ... ( she open she purse , take out a fold object , toss it to Paul ) souvenir for you , the object in Paul 's hand be a girdle . paul ( step down , hand she the girdle ) better keep it . you might need it again sometime , you never know . : LAURA no , you do not , do you ? I like you , polly . a beat , then she smile and dawdle on , murmure she song again , cross the rotunda . muff play about she in circle , Paul watch she go with pity , amusement and affection . ill 201 . int , courtroom ~- night the wall clock read 1:30 . only a few spectator have keep vigil but the newspapermen be , of course , still on hand , Mitch and dancer be chat with a couple of reporter and the court official be loung about inside the bar . there be a patter of conversation and air of expectancy . manion enter with sheriff battisfore from the lawyer ' conference room , as Paul enter the courtroom through the main door and walk down the center aisle , judge weaver come from he chamber , the courtroom come to attention as the judge climb to he bench , he glance up at the clock , check it against he watch , . judge weaver you may be seat . be everyone present , Mr. sheriff ? sheriff yes sir . all the principal be present . " judge weaver = allow the jury to come in please . sheriff battisfore open the door to the jury room , say , " all right , folk , '' and the jury file in , tired , rumple , the man need shave , judge weaver ( continue ; when the jury be seat ) I warn all of this present not to interrupt the take of the verdict . I will stop the proceedings and clear the courtroom if there be any demonstration , proceed , Mr. clerk . court clerk member of the jury , have you agree upon a:verdict , and , if so , who will . _. . , speak for you ? na juryman rise . juryman we have agree . I be the elect foreman , judge weaver the defendant will rise . manion stand at the counsel table . court clerk what be you verdict , Mr , Foreman ? ( continued ) lil 202 . continued :: juryman we find -- ( he voice crack and he clear he throat ) we find the defendant not guilty by reason of insanity . dissolve to : 112 . ext , OPEN highway - day Paul 's car come speed along the road by the lake which lead to Thunder Bay . the sun be bright and it 's a good day . 113 int . paul be car - day Paul be drive , parnell beside he , both be mellow and pleased . paul maida give you the promissory note , do not she ? parnell ( tapping he coat pocket ) right here -~ ready to be sign by we happy client . {lie look out the window ) you know , I use to think the world look better through a glass of rye . it do not , I think I will keep it this way . look nice . paul I have get one good thing out of this case -- that 's a law partner -- if it 's all right with he , parnell ( delighted ) he will be mighty proud to have he name on a shingle with yours , they grin at each other . 114 ext , gate of thunder BAY tourist park - day Paul 's car hum from down the highway , turn through the gate . 115 203 , ext , site of manion' trailer - day a litter clear , waste paper blow about the area , a canvas chair with a break back have be leave behind , a big oil drum serve as a garbage can and be overflow with can and empty bottle . Paul 's car roll up and stop , Paul and parnell get out . Paul walk slowly to where the trailer once stand , look about in dismay . Mr. lemon come hurry down from the trailer street , lemon I guess you be look for Lieutenant manion , be not you , . Mr. biegler ? paul yes . lemon he give I this note for you . Paul take the note , read it silently . lemon felt real sorry for Mrs. manion , she be cry , Left a mess , do not they ? I better get my helper busy here . he trot away . without a word Paul hand parnell the note and for lack of something else to do , idle over toward the oil drum . parnell scan the note . now he read aloud . parnell ( read ) '' ' dear Mr. biegler : so sorry but ihad to leave suddenly . I be seize by -- a irresistible impulse . Frederick manion , ' the wind rustle through the litter camp site . Paul reach into the oil drum and lift out a red slipper with a spike heel . the heel have be break and dangle from its joint . he set the heel into place , hold the slipper on the palm of he hand . paul how the devil be we go to face maida ? parnell opick up a empty bottle ) gin . I know there be something wrong with that fellow . never see a gin drinker you could trust . ( continued ) 204 , 115 continued : q paul pardner , let 's go see we first client . parnell and who might that be ? paul ( grin ) Mary pilant , we be go to administer - barney quill 's estate , parnell ( chuckle ) that 's what I call poetic justice for everybody . a little sadly , Paul drop the red slipper on top of the bottle . - paul . yes , they get into the car and drive away . now they be go and all that remain -- the last dismember part <- be the break red slipper lie among the empty bottle , fade out . '' the end