untitled by Dave eggers & vendela vida November 2007 caa / Sally willcox a woman , about 30 , lie in bed , she head propped up by four pillow . it 's very dark -- we see only she silhouette . verona ( speak to someone below she ) burt ? there 's some shuffle under the sheet . verona what 's wrong ? more shuffle in the bed . a voice from under the cover . burt nothing . verona that 's what I mean . why have you stop ? burt I be try to figure out the best way to say what I be about to say . verona it 's be a while since I wax ... burt no , no . ( still try to find the best way to say it ) uh. you taste different . verona sit up , sighing . verona please . last time you complain about the taste I ban you from my region for a year . you want I to shower ? burt emerge from under the cover and stare at verona . burt no , you be clean . but you know a woman can taste different depend on various co-factor . verona sit up in a huff . * verona I do not want to hear this . and I think we agree you would not use the word '' co -factor . '' burt I say I would not misuse it . all I be say be that from what I have read about vaginal flavor -- verona Jesus ! burt from what I have read , I know that abrupt change happen when a woman 's either menopausal ... ( register a new , momentous think ) or -- verona slap he as hard as she can . int . drugstore -- night -- continuous they're at the checkout counter with two pregnancy test . it 's evident they have pull they clothes on hastily . burt be still hold he face where verona slap he . verona sorry . I do not know why I do that . burt it 's okay . verona have I ever do that before ? burt nope. verona it just seem the right thing at the time . burt it 's okay . after the initial shock , it be kind of exciting . burt farlander be white , about 30 , look like he could be either a assistant professor or a lunatic shoot people from a tower -- there 's that funny - crazy look in he eye . * he 's very smart , very straightforward and earnest , but also eccentric -- the type of guy who 's never do drug , but have often go camp nude . he read widely but not deeply enough , and have many strange hobby , which he indulge for short period of time but with utter seriousness . the last such hobby be bear-track . he work in the insurance industry . verona do tessant be of mix race - she mom be white , she father black . she 's very cute , diminutive , a bit feisty . she 's a medical illustrator and have the necessary combination of the artistic and the exact . of the pair , she be the more socially presentable and stable , and find herself apologize for she partner at least once a week . still , she be devote to he and he to she . her beauty and sense of humor be allure and inspire many admirer . int . car -- drive home verona 's drive . verona I can not wait . burt what ? verona I be pull over . burt we be ten minute away . no . she pull over . burt what be you ... verona be already out of the car and push down she jeans . burt at least get off the shoulder ! sound of urine hit gravel . burt it will be less accurate out here . verona what ? burt you be suppose to do this ina bathroom . the air out here be different . the alkaline ... verona the alkaline ? the alkaline ? just ... please . I be do . hold this on the end here . verona hand he the stick . he hold it at a distance , the way you would a steaming pot , while she pull up she pants . verona Lay it flat . burt Lay it flat ? like on the road ? should I lay it on the road ? verona no ...on the dashboard or something . verona get back in the driver 's seat . they be stare at the stick , which have be place on verona it 's time . turn on the light . in the car , the dash . burt turn on the light . it 's far too dim to see anything . verona that 's the light ? that 's you interior light ? burt what ? yes that 's my interior light ? what 's wrong with my interior light ? you have never have a problem with my interior light before ... verona just -- shut up . turn on the headlight . she get out and slam the door . ext . highway shoulder -- in front of the car they be both bath in the white light of the headlight . verona damn . I can not tell . I need a control sample . here . she hand he a second stick from the package . burt no . this be insane . let 's do it in the bathroom . verona give he a look . burt turn away from the car . sound of urine hit gravel . verona okay , now bring it over here . burt but you say not on the road . verona I do not care what I say . we need the light . verona lay burt 's stick next to the other one on the road . her movement be meticulous , precise . burt read the instruction while they be wait . burt so basically one line be nothing , two line be baby ... verona hold up both test stick to the beam of the headlight . one stick show one line , the other two . burt grin . verona Holy mother of God . -- title , credit -- ext . colorado town -- first light of dawn we see a quick montage of local landscape -- mountain , tree , valley , snow - cap peak , ex-urban sprawl . this be where we couple life . the montage blend seamlessly into a new , strange kind of landscape . the sun be rise over a hill . it 's beautiful but also stark and perhaps even eerie , give that the hill be caramel - color . int . bedroom -- first light of dawn -- month later we back up a few inch and realize that the camera have line up so verona 's belly -- 5 month pregnant -- look like a small round mountain , and the sun appear to be rise behind it . we hear vague sound of scraping . verona wake up , turn over , see burt sit up , with a knife and verona be a piece of wood . burt hey . I be glad you be up . verona what be you do ? burt what do it look like ? I be cobbling . in disbelief . burt I want to be a dad who know how to carve stuff out of wood . I want we kid to get up in the morning and find I cobbling . verona you be not cobbling . burt I be cobbling . look . I have get a knife and some wood and I be make a toy ... ( look at the shapeless blob of wood ) «+. stick . I be cobbling . verona you be not . that 's not what it 's call . burt of course it be . how would you know ? you do not have one of this . ( indicate the knife ) verona burt , cobbling be shoe . that 's why they be call cobbler . you be not cobbling . you be carve . burt think for a while . it dawns on he that she 's right . this take some of the appeal out of it for burt . he stop carve . he rest he pathetic wooden worm / stick on verona 's stomach . burt look , she like it . I see she kick . verona no you do not . burt I can do other thing , too . I just buy a book about knot . 300 knot , and I be gonna learn they all . and I be gonna build a kiln . we have get to be ready ! verona go into the bathroom . we follow she . verona remember we go to you parent 's house at noon . be ready for that . burt pop he head into the bathroom . he 's now wear goggle and fatigue . burt I push it back to 12:30 . I have get that family - defense class today . verona no , no , no . you have be so normal for the past few week ... burt I ' 1l be back at noon . might be later if we get into some hand - to - hand action . see you guy . he lean down to kiss verona 's lip passionately and she stomach gently , and then walk out . we follow burt out of the house , where we see that it 's a small ranch house , one step up from a trailer , attach to a small grungy yard . he get into a crumble old Toyota and drive off . int . karate -type studio burt be in a class with a dozen other man , line up in neat row . the instructor be a navy seal - type , also wear goggle . behind he be inflatable model of a wife and two small child . the wife be wear a halter top and the child both have ( real ) ipod attach to they . instructor will you be there to defend you family ? burt ( in unison with the other ) I will ! instructor do you have the skill to prevent they from be take from you , leave you bereft and emasculate ? burt ( in unison with the other ) I do ! with that , the instructor step over to burt and give hima kick round - house kick to the side of the head . burt go down . we see the instructor from burt 's perspective , hover over he , the inflatable family in the background . instructor not yet you do not . int . house -- verona 's office / studio -- midmorning the sound of huffing and puffing . we think for a second that verona 's exercise or in labor . but we turn the corner and see verona sit at she draft table , brush in hand , work on a medical illustration . it 's a cramped and messy place -- illustration board , a draw table , canvase , hundred of marker and small paint container . all over the wall be insane photo of people and animal in mid-surgery . verona 's on the phone , look at a tv in the corner , where a prenatal exercise video be play . on screen , there be three woman do supra-geeky aerobic routine . 10 . they look like they be direct from 1986 , with headband and leg-warmer and poofy hair . the decor be ridiculous -- as if they be exercise in a '' price be right '' live room interior . the saddest thing be that this be a brand - new pre - natal fitness dvd . verona I wish you could see this , Grace . we see Grace , verona 's sister , on the other end of the phone . grace be strike - look : caramel -skin , thin , curvy . she 's immaculately dress , project a air of sophistication and professionalism . she pace around she office at work -- a glass building in Phoenix , dramatic desert view -- with a hand - free device attach to she ear . verona you want to hear the rhyme couplet ? instead of reach for a bagel do another kegel grace no ! verona you like that ? Jesus . Grace , tell I : do I have to be uncool for the rest of my life ? grace what be you do ? you be talk to I while you be exercise ? verona no , I be just watch it . I have get a cranial surgery thing due Friday . try to finish it before dinner at burt 's parent tonight . we see that verona be work on a illustration of a cranial operation . the subject 's skin be peel back , revealing the brain , and there 's a scalpel enter the subject 's front lobe via the nostril . it 's incredibly graphic , and verona be do the work with incredible nonchalance -- she 's snack on cold lasagna set unsettle close to the open-brain illustration . grace they must be out of they mind excited . + HH HH 11 . verona you have no idea . ( touch up part of the painting where a scalpel be insert into the skull via the nostril ) I think part of they be happy to be the only set of grandparent . to have the baby to themselves . grace do not say that . Grace look at a photo of she and verona 's parent , on she desk . in it , they parent be chase the two girl -- 6 and 8 year old at the time -- in front of a big , funny old house in the country . in the picture , it 's winter , a bit bleak . grace you be so lucky to have they so close . burt 's lucky to have they both still -- now we see that verona 's look at the same picture of she parent in she studio . verona I know , I know . that 's why we move here . I think it 's just a matter of set some boundary . lose in she thought , she let she brush drift a bit . verona oh shit . I just give this guy 's brain a vulva . int . car -- drive to burt 's parent 's house verona be drive . burt be hold ice to he head . burt so lame . verona what ? burt forget it . ( change he mind ) wait . tell I something . ( more ) 12 . burt ( cont would ) do I look like I can not jump from a two -story building ? verona wha - burt just tell I that . just ... let 's say you see I on the street , and you have to make a judgment : can that guy jump from a second - story building or not ? verona burt — burt please . I need this . verona ( seriously ) yes . I think you could do it . burt see ! but that fucker be ... whatever . it do not matter . they pass over a river . the landscape be wintery and spare . burt I really want she to have a epic kind of childhood . I want she to run along the stream and to know how to work a canoe , and to be able to entertain herself when she 's outside . I want she childhood to be huck finny , you know ? verona I have that . burt I know , that 's what I mean . I want she to have what you have . verona without it be in Arkansas . burt exactly . burt 's cellphone ring . 13. burt burt farlander . ( listen ) oh you old so- and - so ! sorry about you celtic , my friend . if you think Paul pierce can carry more than a bucket of water , I have a bridge you might be interested in ! burt laugh uproariously . this entire time , he 's be speak in the voice of a 5as radio announcer . actually , it sound eerily like casey kasem , and it 's obvious that this voice - change burt use for client drive verona around the bend . burt well thanks for call back . I want to talk to you about hurricane season . I just .. no , I know you be cover , but be you cover - cover ? when it 's clear the call will go on for a few minute , verona pull the car over on the highway and get out , shutting burt / casey kasem inside . finally he motion to she that he 's almost do . she get back inside . burt ( finish up ) okay then . I will ! I will ! ha ha . yes. yes . oh please . you be too much . okay now . talk to you soon . they drive for a few minute in silence . verona be contemplate divorce or murder . burt they expect that from I . verona they expect you to sound like casey kasem . burt listen , rona , this guy be all in they fifty and sixty . we be deal with hundred of million of dollar in insurance future . they do not want to be deal with some 31 - year - old who do not finish college . 14 . beat . verona so casey kasem finish college ? beat . burt yes . silence for a few moment . verona do you think you mom 's gonna grope I this time ? burt she always grope you . she love you . she want to be you . verona ten buck you dad say I look glorious . burt listen . he spend 18 month in prison , rone - - verona White collar prison . they live better than we do . burt and now everything be glorious for he . the English muffins be glorious . the margarine be glorious . I give he my old sandal , and that be '' spectacular . '' but the baby be really important to they . now that they be retire and I really think they be gonna build they world around little Zeus . verona it 's a girl . her name be not Zeus . burt ( with purpose ) Jesus , rona . think about it : Zeus. excelsior . farlander . Zeus farlander . that 's the name of a girl of ... of ... 15 . verona destiny ? burt thank you . a girl of destiny . int . parent 's home it 's a very clean upper-middle - class home , a bit on the overwrought side -- lot of figurine and glass and mirror . the door burst open as burt and verona walk up the step . we see glenda , who be about 60 , very fit , wear a jean jacket with a faux - fur collar , turn up . she have very short white hair , cut in that severe style favore by many woman she age . inexplicably , she 's also wear a headband . glenda ( to verona ) oh ! look at you ! you look so big . good for you ! burt you hair . what would you do ? glenda I cut it ! burt and the headband . glenda I know ! I know ! come in , you dad 's inside . in the front hall , burt stop upon a large fountain . it seem to be a sculpture of a colonial pilgrim pump water from a tap into some kind of earthenware , hold by a Native american woman . both be smile gravely . in the live room , glenda be already sit on the couch , patting the cushion next to she . glenda sit , verona . sit next to I and let I hear the heartbeat . verona you can not hear she heartbeat . the placenta 's on this side -- verona sit , try to indicate that the placenta be on the outside , and thus muffle the sound of the heartbeat ... 16 . too late . glenda have already arrange she head on verona 's stomach . she have one hand on verona 's thigh and the other between she breast and stomach . it 's very intimate . verona would be horrify if she be surprised , but she be not . jim , burt 's father , enter the room . he be 65 , handsome , successful , with hair longer than glenda 's , and be limping . a self - make man , he grow up poor but cultivate a air of incredible suaveness . verona hey Jim ! you be look so much better ! you can barely see where you break it . jim thank you my dear . verona , you look glorious . verona smile at burt . glenda do you bring the picture from the sonogram ? verona we do . verona try to get up but glenda be burrow into she so deeply that she can not move . burt I will get they . burt remove a envelope from verona 's purse . he start to hand it to glenda , but she 's so busy grop verona that he change course and instead hand the envelope to Jim . jim this be fabulous . burt you have not open the envelope yet . jim I can just tell . he 's a beauty . verona it 's a girl . ( to burt ) do -- 17 . burt I tell you that , dad . jim she 's a beauty . Jim finally open the envelope . jim wow. spectacular . exquisite . glenda be now lay in verona 's lap . glenda Jim , do you want you glass ? jim I be fine , Love . Jim , struggle without he glass , be look at the picture judiciously , like a doctor examine a x-ray . we cut to a shot of the sonogram , which be horrifying . a straight - on picture of the baby 's face , it look almost precisely like the skull of a alien with vast ocular cavity and a row of fang . jim talk about perfection ! glenda so , how dark do you think she will be ? verona Excuse I ? burt mom. glenda no , really . Jim and I be kind of disappointed when burt 's brother Courtney marry that white woman . glenda indicate a wedding picture on the nearby end table , of Courtney -- shaggy and appeal -- next to a fake -smile woman with what seem to be breast implant burst from she low - cut wedding dress . burt helena . glenda roll she eye at the name . + eh 18. glenda Jim and I think it would be wonderful to have a African granddaughter . jim glenda , the correct terminology be African - american . it will be wonderful to have a granddaughter of African - american persuasion . glenda forget the semantics . we be all family . verona , how black do you think she will be ? verona ( look to burt for help ) uh , I do not really know ... glenda because you know she will not be very dark at first . it take a while for the pigment to settle in . verona well , maybe we could leave she out in the sun for the first couple of day ... glenda and Jim look at each other like this might be a valid option . a judicious look overtake Jim . jim verona , be you on schedule ? Jim pronounce the word '' shheduuel . '' glenda do not ask she that . verona , we be just concerned about you tilt uterus ... verona shoot dagger - eye at burt . he look very surprised that he mom remember this detail . glenda do you think that might present problem during delivery ? burt okay , that 's enough . ( change the subject ) ( more ) 19 . burt ( cont would ) so we have be read all this book , try to decide what kind of birthing experience we want to have ... jim that 's terrific . burt -.. and we think we want to limit the amount of people in the room . or near the room . glenda oh you do not have to worry about that . jim right . no sweat . burt and we decide that we do not want any videotape . jim right . I will not . fabulous . burt but we really want you to share this with we . you presence be really important . glenda you be so right . we be so look forward to it . we will definitely be there . jim and the only reason we will not be there be if we be live in Belgium . burt and verona be dumbstruck . they have no idea what Jim 's talk about . glenda ( sit forward now and grin maniacally ) we have news . jim it 's big . 20 . burt what be it ? glenda we be leave in June . jim we be finally do it . burt you be leave in June ? the baby 's due in July . jim right . to Antwerp . City of Light . burt that 's not --. no you be not . jim we be . it go to be superb . burt do not say that word . glenda we think you would be proud of we . we have be talk about this for fifteen year and now we can finally do it . burt you be leave a month before the baby 's bear ? you be move 3000 mile away from you grandchild ? glenda it 's more than 3000 mile , be not it , Jim ? jim I think so . burt I can not believe this . glenda there be plane , burt . jim this be what we have be plan to do forever , son . you know that . ( more ) 21 . jim ( cont would ) we will make a fortune if we can declare residency over there . burt how long will you be go ? glenda just two year . burt be you sell the house ? jim well , that 's the best part . we be go to rent out the house , with the help of a very handsome gentleman name fareed . but no one 's come forward yet -- burt how long have you plan this ? have we house -- at that moment , burt see , on the coffee table , a large ad in the paper offer the house he grow up in , for rent . jim it 's just be run since Christmas . glenda we hear from you old gym teacher ! he come here with another man . they be both wear ... ( gesture up and down she leg to indicate stripe ) ++. run suit . this news be doubly disturbing to burt . glenda but if we do not get a renter in the next month , you guy can stay here while we be go . you can have the house for the next two year ! Jim be gesture around he , as if show the house to he son for the first time . jim outstanding . 22 . verona look impressed with this idea . burt , too , soften . they share a brief day - dream of they daughter run through the house , play on the immaculate lawn , swim in the pool . the idea grow on they by the minute . the phone ring , shaking they from they reverie . glenda go to the kitchen to answer it . we hear glenda 's excited voice off-screen . meanwhile , burt and verona notice a unfamiliar sculpture in the live room . burt that new ? it 's a bronze sculpture of a young Native american woman , wear little more than a cowhide bikini , raise she arm to the sky , nipple insanely erect . jim magnificent , be not it ? I be wonder when you have notice . twelve thousand dollar . verona I can not believe it . jim I know ! she 's a choctaw princess , I be tell . ( nodd seriously ) it 's important that we honor we indian ... we indigent ... we indigentous people . glenda return , barely able to contain she excitement . jim be it fareed ? glenda nod . jim do he ....? glenda nod quickly , barely contain she euphoria . jim ( turn to burt and verona ) well , it look like we have some more news for you two . CUT to : 23 . in car -- afternoon they be drive home from glenda and Jim 's house . verona they be very strange people . I always forget how strange they be . burt be fume . burt we can get different grandparent . the second they say '' Belgium '' I start think of way to hurt they . we ’1ll make someone else the grandparent . we neighbor . what be they name ? verona I do not know . burt they look old enough . we can give they nickname and tell the baby that that be the grandparent . the baby will not know the difference . verona it really be a awful thing to do . they know we move here for they . I mean , we have only be here for a year and now ... they 's 1ll miss the baby 's first two year . it sort of take selfishness to a new level . this cross a line with burt . burt it 's not like you parent be do anything . verona my parent be dead , burt . burt still ... they drive in silence for a minute . 24 . int . burt and verona 's house -- night verona enter , burt close behind . she stop after enter , as if see they sad little home with new eye . it 's clearly freezing inside . verona I can see my breath . burt I will get the thing . burt pull a space heater out from under verona 's desk . the second he plug it in , the light go out ; he 's blow a fuse . the house be in total darkness . burt I ’1ll get the candle . the open of drawer . a match be strike . this outtage be routine . now we see they in candlelight . the conversation continue as they get candle light all over they small house . verona there 's nothing keep we here . burt ( busy with the candle ) huh. verona do you hear I ? we could leave , too . burt ( still not pay attention ) right . verona burt . I be serious . burt Fine . where do you want to go ? verona anywhere . we do not have to live here . we can live wherever we want . I can do my job anywhere , and all you need be a phone , right ? ( more ) + eh % 25 . verona ( cont would ) the only reason we be here be because you parent be here -- or be here . burt we do not want to go back to Chicago , do we ? we do Chicago . and do not say Belgium . verona have not think this far . verona I do not know . now burt be excited by the idea . beat . burt we could go to Idaho . fishing and everything . lot of land . Idaho ! verona lot of aryan . burt not lot . some . and they be all in that one town . it 's better that way -- we know where they be . like ... druid and ... stonehenge . verona what about Phoenix ? we could live near my sister . think of that ! oh , that would make I so happy . and lily and Sam live there . burt ( almost remember ) who be they ? verona you meet at they go - away party . at the arcade . burt good party . verona they can be we friend in Phoenix . burt but they be not we friend here . % + eh * * 26 . verona but they can be in Phoenix . they can be we new good friend when we live in Phoenix . they sit for a moment , now surround by candle . the scene be oddly beautiful and romantic . burt we will not need a space heater in Phoenix ... verona yeah , but the snake ... and all that turquoise ... burt ( hold she from behind , he arm drape over she and rub she stomach ) wherever we go , rona , I will protect you . from the cold . ( kiss she neck ) from the dark . ( kiss it again ) from the snake . ( once again ) from the turquoise . int . doctor' office verona and burt be wait for the doctor to come in . burt be play with the stirrup . verona I do not want you on that side when the doctor 's examine I . burt why not ? verona because you be not a doctor . burt ( examine some instrument in the cabinet ) rona , the only thing they have get that I do not be the nine year of schooling . +e % + HH HH HH hf 27 . dr . hill knock on door and enter . she be young , blond , with a kind face and bad jewelry . burt be display he hand , wear Dr. Hill 's rubber glove . she stare at the hand , deeply confuse . dr . hill how be you do , verona ? Dr. Hill speak in a slow whisper , as if she 's mixing she med . verona I be good . dr . hill nothing surprising ? verona no , everything 's pretty predictable . I will get a mole and then look in the pregnancy book under '' mole '' and it 's 1ll say '' at this point you may be get mole ... '' a snap draw Dr. Hill 's attention to burt . he 's just finish put on rubber glove , as if he and Dr. Hill will be perform the exam together . verona this be burt . burt I be the husband . verona he 's not my husband . burt I be the father . Dr. Hill look to verona to confirm this , which she do with a almost reluctant close of she eye . dr . hill ( put on glove ) okay . I would like to listen to baby 's heartbeat and see if it 's as ... ( she hesitates , search for the right word ) relaxed as it be last time . 28 . Dr. Hill smooth gel on verona 's stomach and use a doppler to listen to the baby . we hear the sound of the heartbeat . verona smile . burt smile . Dr. Hill frown . dr . hill it 's still on the slow side . I do not think it 's anything to worry about . baby 's just ... verona it 's a girl . dr . hill she 's just a little mellow . burt ( he face lighting up ) could it mean she 's a athlete ? athlete have slow heartbeat . dr . hill ( dismissively ) no . it 's probably a bit soon to know if she will be play sport . ( turn to verona ) um ... I be go to do a quick exam down there . burt switch position so he 's stand near verona 's head . burt ( to Dr. Hill ) she have not be able to shave . she can not see down there and she will not let I do it . but it 's a thicket , right ? you almost expect thorns , blackberry -- dr . hill ( proceeding with the exam , ignore burt ) well , you uterus have expand , so it 's no longer tilt . verona give burt a triumphant look . dr . hill everything else there be look good . Nice job . verona thanks . 29 . burt ( now take off the rubber glove ) thanks . Dr. Hill deposit she glove in the garbage , and burt do , too , as if together they have just finish surgery . dr . hill ( suddenly wistful ) you be really , really lucky . verona and burt recognize that Dr. Hill have thing on she mind . there 's a long awkward pause . verona what about travel ? be there any reason I can not get on a plane ? dr . hill where be you go ? do not say Dallas . verona no. Phoenix . and a few other place . burt we be look for a new place to live . dr . hill wow . that sound nice . to get away . to keep go . like a quest ... Dr. Hill say the word like a tolkein wizard would , while stare at the wall . instead of medical chart or cheerful picture , there 's a large self - portrait Dr. Hill have do . it 's insanely depress , seemingly paint with mud and hay . dr . hill be you videotape ? verona huh ? dr . hill ( point to verona 's stomach ) the stage ? you growth ? verona not yet . a % burt I be . I will . burt have just find a new hobby . dr . hill you seem really happy , verona . verona I be . I do feel happy . sort of exuberant . dr . hill ( say the word like it 's completely foreign ) exuberant . ( think on it ) well , be prepare . after birth , a lot of people -- a lot of my patient at least -- experience a severe depression after give birth . there 's the usual baby blue , but then there 's the real deal . it will drag you through the cloud till you can not see the sun . burt and verona begin feel depressed , then and there . dr . hill just let I know and I can write you a prescription . most of my patient be on Zoloft and they ... love ... it . ( she take a pad and rip off the top page ; it 's pre-written -- she give the same drug to everyone ) actually , here 's a script just in case . she pause a moment , stare into the eye of she self - portrait . dr . hill just keep the end result in mind . when you have you baby , it 'il be just great . 30 . there be no way Dr. Hill , or anyone , could have say this in a less convincing way . 31 . int . denver airport -- day burt and verona be sit at the gate . they look not unlike Dustin hoffman and katharine Ross at the end of the Graduate : they have make a big decision and now be very unsure about it . burt now I be wonder what we be do . verona we be go to Phoenix . on a airplane . this be where they keep the airplane . burt but in general . be we nut ? verona we will look around . see if we could live there . we agree we need to be near some kind of family , some friend -- something , some connection , someone we know . so we will see Phoenix , see my sister -- burt .+. and we new close friend ... burt can not remember they name . he still have no idea who this people be . verona lily and Sam . and then we go to hartford for you job interview . burt my what ? verona ( exasperate ) oh god . you interview . you be meeting with providential life to see if they 's 1l give you a better commission . you set it up . verona remove a small plastic bag full of pre-cut carrot from she bag . she eat they as they continue talk . burt so then from hartford we go home ? 32 . verona no . do you look at the itinerary ? I staple it to you jacket . ( burt locate it -- it 's actually staple to the inside of he jacket ) we go from hartford to montreal . montreal 's where I think we should live if we do not live in Phoenix . burt okay . montreal . verona this be exciting , if you think about it . we be completely untether , burt -- this be a dream scenario ! burt yeah ! they sit for a long , awkward moment . it 's not particularly dreamy . verona keep eat she carrot . in front of they , the departure list dozen of destination , from Houston to London to Mexico City . verona then again , it seem weird , to just decide on a place and move there . burt c'mon ! how do the pioneer do it , rona ? they just spun that globe , pick a spot because there be gold there , or ... wheat ... and then the whole family get move , in they cover wagon and with they horse and oxen . they travel through rain and sleet , over mountain and plain , and then three - fourth of they die on the way . we be just follow in they footstep , honey . burt lunge for a kiss , and they do , open-mouthed , until burt pull away . burt spit out a mouthful of carrot . now verona begin hack the carrot shrapnel from she throat . carrot all over the airport carpet . 33 . a dozen people be watch they . verona and burt be use to this . they mouth carrot -free , they go back to make out . int . rental car -- phoenix they're park at a 7 - 11 . verona be in the driver 's seat of the rental car while burt be inside the store . verona be on the phone with lily . verona sure ... that sound fun . we will get there . no problem . burt be still in the store , try on a visor that say phoenix be phantastic . now he 's hold two bottle of wine up to the glass for verona 's approval . she point to the one on the leave . verona it 's all be good to see you , too . what ? of course I can walk . I be only six month ! what ? no. no. not much . okay . see you there . burt emerge from the store with the wine . to comment on the incredible heat of Phoenix , he be walk in slow-motion , as if swim through molass . by the time he 's near the car , he 's on he knee . verona ( to burt , who be now lay beside the car ) lordy . I forget about lily 's mouth . she 's a good person -- I mean , the best when you be really in trouble - - but the shit that come out of she mouth ... burt ( still lay on the pavement ) like what ? verona she just ask if my discharge smell like broccoli . burt ( curious ) huh . ( more ) 34 . burt ( cont would ) ( beat ) do it ? verona just ... ( drop the subject ) you think we can bring wine to a dog track ? burt ( still lay on the pavement ) chardonnay ? sure. ( realize what she 's actually ask ) wait . be we go to a dog track ? verona yes . burt hold on . he go back into the 7 - 11 . ext . greyhound track -- afternoon verona and burt -- who be now wear the phoenix be phantastic visor -- get out of the car and wander through the complex . at the fence near the track , they find lily and SAM , with they two child . lily be 40 , average - look , a bit matronly , wear red cowboy boot which someone have tell she look sexy . SAM be rigid , with a mustache and short , gell hair . he wear a button -down shirt and short that be a size too small . they child be ashley , 10 year old and a tomboy , and taylor , 6 year old and on the pudgy side . he 's wear a shirt that also say phoenix be phantastic . lily be turn to tuck in Taylor 's shirt when she see burt and verona . lily ( rush toward verona ) oh god , look at you ! you be only six month in ! Jesus , you be huge . and you face ! it 's like you be half chinese . wow . come here and give we a hug ! Sam , come give a hug to the most beautiful woman in the world ! Sam walk over . lily see something in Sam 's face that indicate he have no idea who this people be . 35 . lily verona and I be desk buddy in Chicago ! at the agency ! that be before she break out on she own ... ( to verona ) I still have no idea where you learn how to paint the inside of dead people . so fuck disgusting , girlfriend ! ( now to burt ) she 's so talented ! we little artiste ! Sam be still fuzzy . lily you meet they at we go away party . at the arcade . now Sam remember . almost . SAM good party . Sam give verona a awkward hug and shake burt 's hand . he 's hold a half - full plastic cup of white wine . he see the bottle of wine in burt 's hand . SAM oh good . ( take the bottle ) I be almost out . can I get you guy something ? verona Water . burt beer would be good . Sam gulp the content of he plastic cup , chuck it into the garbage and walk toward the concession stand . Taylor be sit on the ground , hold a Crayola marker and a racing form , circle the dog he think will win . Ashley be stand against the fence , watch the action on the track , wishing she be live a different life . verona so you be in Arizona ! you be arizonan ! I can not believe how big the kid be . Taylor 's so handsome ! 36 . lily ( laugh skeptically ) well , thanks . we be gonna do something about the ear . you see they ? he look like a trophy . you know what I mean , one of that trophy with the arm on it ? lily be find herself hugely amusing . she have be tell a few time that she should do stand - up comedy , and in she mind she 's constantly testing out she material . lily now turn she attention to Ashley . lily this one have that dyke look . ( wrinkling she nose ) do not she ? be not that weird ? she 's only ten but I be sure she 's a dyke . she 's gonna be a point guard for the WNBA . be not they all lesbian ? I think that 's weird , how the lesbian sort of rule that whole sport . walk for verona , Ashley . show we you tough - girl walk . go butch on we . Ashley do not move or turn around . lily oh now she 's shy . and look at she ass -- she 's get ... what be it , Sam ? junk in the trunk ? she 's get junk in she trunk . I do not know if the dyke go for that or not . burt , you work with a dyke , do not you ? burt ( whisper -- not want the kid to hear more of the conversation ) yes , I - - lily ( louder , defiant ) I can not hear you . burt ( now in a louder whisper ) I just ... do not know if we should be talk like this in front of the kid . 37 . lily oh god . it 's just white noise to they . we see the kid for a second , and it 's clear that they be hearing every word . Sam have return with the drink , and a corkscrew for the wine . SAM ( hold the corkscrew , indicate the concession - stand worker ) that bastard do not want to give I this . fuck that motherfucker . redneck piece of redneck shit . burt be take aback . Sam switch back to perfect congeniality . SAM what 's you line again , burt ? lily be tell I but it be all gibberish come from she . burt take a swig of he beer and seem very thankful for it . he and Sam take a few step toward the track -- have they own conversation while verona and lily have theirs . burt it 's not that complicated , really . I trade insurance future . just like you get insurance , insurance company need it themselves ... SAM dammit , right ! shit . of course it would come to this . Sam be speak in a urgent whisper , as if he 's finally figure it all out . burt what ? SAM they make we afraid of everything . insurance for insurance for insurance . bunker and bubbles and .»+. aw hell . this country be shit . shit shit shit . ( more ) 38 . SAM ( cont would ) but everyone else in the world be just the fly on we shit , be I right ? burt have nothing to say . on the track , there be a brief ceremony salute the soldier kill in Iraq . SAM watch the big one , number 8 . I have get eight bill on he to place . Sam pat burt on the back and throw a steely - eye glare across the greyhound track . lily ( throw she voice over from the conversation she 's have with verona ) hey Sam , I use to have boob , right ? verona do not remember , I do not think . I have nice tit , right ? ( indicate she kid ) they suck I dry . SAM this be correct . I marry a busty woman , and now -- lily now they look like roll of quarter stick into two thin sock . be you ready for that , burt ? I can tell you be probably a boob-man . burt force a weak chuckle . the dog race end . SAM ah shit. ( to burt ) look like dinner 's on you . Sam downs he wine . SAM let 's do it . CUT to : 39 . int . restaurant above the racetrack lily so burt , you excited about all this ? burt think she mean the dog track . burt yeah , this be the best one I have see , I think . he look around approvingly . lily no , the baby , dummy . do this mean you guy will finally get marry ? SAM ( to lily ) they be not marry ? lily I tell you that . burt want to , but verona do not see the point . SAM the point ? insurance , for one . if anyone , you should understand that , Bart . do anyone ever call you Bart ? that have be sort of funny . burt no . SAM well , we do not have insurance when Ashley be bear . lily we think we do and then we do not . and I could not get it -- pre-exist condition . burt and verona be expect to know what this condition be , but they do not . she twirl she finger around she ear . lily I be crazy . a wild giggle escape she mouth . 40 . lily or whatever . SAM ( point to Ashley with he thumb ) that girl cost we $ 24,000 . have to borrow from every relative we be still speak to . lily every time she 's act up or whatever , you can not help think , '' we shell out 24 - thou for this ? '' lily let out a cackle . she think she 's hilarious . lily ( lay a hand on Ashley 's shoulder ) you know I be kid , honey . Ashley want to disappear . verona I just do not think the certificate and a huge wedding will change the way we feel about each other . lily at the very least , it 'il keep you from take off in the middle of the night when there 's trouble . Sam be nodd vigorously . lily I almost leave Sam about a dozen time . the kid do not know that . the kid , of course , be right in front of they . lily but then you start think of the wedding , all that money -- SAM ( pour himself another full cup of chardonnay ) $ 46,000 for ours . it be worth maybe $ 31 . 41 . lily ( sighing ) I hope you guy move here . we be have a hell of a time get into the social world here . seem very cliquish . or maybe it 's something about Sam they do not like . I do not know what it be . we do not get into the good golf club . SAM run by a pakistani couple ! how do you like that ? my family go back to the Santa Maria . I get turn down by a paki name taqi . lily and Sam be greatly amused by this , though it 's clear he 's use this anecdote a few dozen time . lily you really think you might come down here ? verona ( look around , as if judge the liveability of Phoenix base on the dog track ) well ... lily okay , it 's not perfect . but what be ? no place be perfect , just like no marriage be perfect . Sam and I have both have ... ( search for a appropriate word ) dalliance , and we be still plugging away . good as ever . but family be fuck up . they be create that way . there 's no way around it , so there 's no use pretend it can be all rose and love and that shit . ext . parking lot of dog track -- evening lily ( gush , utterly sincere ) well , that be wonderful . 42 . Sam walk by , throw the bottle of wine , now empty , loudly into the garbage can , and head into the parking lot to find the car . the kid shuffle after he . he say nothing to burt and verona -- he 's either too drunk or have forget they completely . lily you know , people will offer all sort of advice to you , but whatever you do , do not listen to any of it . kid be resilient -- and they be genetically predetermine anyway . they 's 1ll be fine no matter what . Ashley have wander off and be lean into the window of a pickup truck -- talk to two middle - age cowboy . Taylor be nearby , pick gum off the hot cement . ext . HOTEL pool , phoenix -- later that night burt and verona be sit on deck chair by the pool , position side - by-side , very much like sunbather . it 's about 9 o'clock and quite dark . burt you think that 's right , that all family be inherently screw up , that we can not hope for any kind of normal happiness ? verona I do not . beat . the sound of cricket . burt wait . you do not what ? you do not think it 's possible , or you do not agree with she ? verona you know I do not agree , burt . I hate that attitude -- '' everything 's break so let 's ( put she foot on the ground and stomping , as if crush the shard of a vase into dust ) break everything again and again and again . '' 43 . burt but you be the one who will not get marry . if you be so optimistic ... verona but it 's beside the point ! I be say we can be perfect , we can be happy , and it do not have anything to do with paper title or a ring or a $ 42,000 wedding -- be it $ 42,000 ? burt it be , but it be only worth $ 31 . they chuckle and stare into the starry sky . burt do you hear what lily be say about she boob ? do you know she when she have boob ? verona she be huge . this be very disturbing news to burt . he have not think of this , and would miss verona 's medium -size chest . burt oh god . int . HOTEL room -- continuous burt and verona be move about the room , unpack and change into they sleep clothes . burt so how do you prevent that ? you do not wanna go flat , do you ? verona no , but I do not know how much control I have over it . burt be you mom ... do she breastfeed you guy ? verona I do not know . 44 , burt you do not know ? verona she die when I be twenty - four . I do not get around to ask she . int . HOTEL -- continuous burt and verona be lay in bed . burt be rub stretch - mark cream on verona 's stomach and hip . it 's a delicate moment , but burt can not leave the subject alone . he jump up and grab verona 's wallet and find she picture of she parent . verona what be you look for ? burt do you mom have ... I can not tell from this ... verona she look like I , burt . burt after she have you guy , too ? burt be beginning to brighten . verona yes . now burt realize he should not be grin about the size of verona 's dead mother 's breast . he take a more studious approach . burt but she might not have breast - feed you guy ... verona please , burt . burt what ? verona this be the most interest you have ever show in my mother , and it 's about she boob . it 's make I not like you . burt I just think we need to do the research . I think we need to know what kind of strategy there might be . I mean , I see plenty of older woman who still have they boob . so there must be a way to keep they . you like you boob , right ? verona yes . burt so you have want to keep they if you could ... verona sure. burt good . so I 's will do the research . i’1l figure out what it take . I be sure there be some guideline . beat . burt some trick . together we will do this . i’1l do this . for you . int . HOTEL -- later , continuous 45 . burt and verona be lay in bed , spoon , each look out the window at the pulsing highway beyond . burt I have good news . verona what ? burt turn onto he back and stare at the ceiling , fold across he chest . he hand 46 . burt I decide wood - carve be just as good as cobbling . ( now whisper , with much gravitas ) we daughter 's father will be a wood -carver . he put he leg over hers . she reach back , grab he ass , and pull he closer . they drift off to sleep . int . car -- drive to sister 's HOTEL burt and verona be drive to meet she sister , Grace . Grace work as a concierge at a very high - end hotel in Phoenix . burt be drive , and this be a problem . he tend to push the accelerator down in burst , make anyone in he vehicle seasick . verona this be why I do not let you drive . burt tell I one more time why we be not stay at the hotel where you sister work ? verona they have be book for year . a conference of belgian who now live in the southwest . burt no. belgian ? as burt pull the car into the hotel parking lot , he see three man , perhaps belgian , walk on the sidewalk . he honk angrily . burt what the fuck with the belgian all of a sudden ? for thirty - three year I have no interaction with belgian and now they be fuck up every aspect of my life . burt honk at another group of belgian , this batch include some child . they look startle and utterly innocent . burt park the car . verona adjust she dress over she belly and turn to burt . verona listen . Grace have be dating some guy name Rob , who seem nice but she think he 's boring . he like go to steakhouse , that kind of thing . burt wait , be that a good thing , or a bad thing , the steakhouse ? verona bad . burt like a Outback steakhouse ? Ruth 's Chris Steak House ? verona I honestly do not know . but we need to make he seem cool . she like you , burt . she 'il value you endorsement of this guy . they get out of the car and make they way through the parking lot . burt so you want I to make steakhouse sound cool ? verona and sherbet . burt no . not sherbet . verona apparently Rob 's family life around here and they have she over for dinner . they serve sherbet . ( register burt 's confusion ) instead of sorbet . this be a big deal for Grace . it make she sad . burt be still at a loss . verona we just need to make he seem like a good , decent man . and also a exciting sort of guy . I do not know . ( more ) 47 . 48 . verona ( cont would ) we will figure it out . and do not look at she tit . burt I be over it . I be good last time . verona but she 's bigger now . she go on the pill and now she 's complain about get new bras and everything . burt 's eye light up . burt huh .... there 's a long pause , where burt try to figure out the best way to make he suggestion , and while it dawns on verona that he 's about to say what he 's about to say . burt why do not you go on the pill ? verona I be pregnant , moron . int . HOTEL -- lunchtime while wait for Grace , verona and burt see a mom with she two kid , 5 and eighteen month . the mother , white , be talk to she kid very loudly , as if everyone nearby should be interested in hearing what she say to she child -- and all aspect of she fascinating child - rear . mom yes , Martin luther ! that 's a fern ! burt and verona keep watch . verona be get annoyed . mom yes , that 's a cactus . and the plural of cactus be ... martin luther cacti ? mom that 's right ! oh amelie , you have dribble on you new french dress ! 49 . the mom look around , expect everyone in the vicinity to smile at the wonder of childhood and she spectacular little family . she find only verona , stare she down with a look of unmitigate disgust . verona ( to burt , between she tooth ) performance mom . nothing go un - narrate . burt there 's Grace . Grace be say goodbye to a group of belgian . she send they onto they tour bus and turn to see verona and burt . grace hi! verona hey ! grace wow , look at you ! finally show ! you be radiant ! luminous ! effervescent ! hey burt ! she give burt a quick but very tight hug . she and verona think nothing of it , but burt be in a momentary daze . grace you guy want to eat here , or go out ...? burt we do not want to go out there ... for a while . feel like we be be cook . grace yeah , it 's hot . burt no , I mean truly . think about it . if you be actually be cook by someone , that 's what it would feel like . as if God have form we from clay , but it be the kind of clay you need to bake , as oppose to the kind you just leave out to dry . 50 . grace ( meaning it ) wow , burt . that be so stoney ! burt well , it 's the Bible . qed . int . HOTEL restaurant -- midday mid-conversation : grace two day ago he ask I if I like movie . like movie be something some people do not like . he actually pose the question like it be some great conversation - starter . ( imitate he voice ) '' do you like movie ? '' ( look into she salad ) it be painful . burt I wish someone would ask I that sometime . that 's a probing sort of intelligence , I think . grace really ? burt he do not assume the obvious . grace but the way he dress ! he wear basketball jersey without any shirt underneath . burt it 's Phoenix . grace but he 's so white ! burt be he buff ? grace no. 51 . burt most basketball player be not . or they do not use to be . you ever see the celtic from the 70 ? they be mostly white and not very buff . be this guy from Boston ? grace I think he family be from Boston . burt there you go . grace he drive a cabriolet . burt great design . good mileage . grace he use the word '' robust . '' burt lot of thing be robust ! grace he take I to Long John Silver 's . burt ( to verona ) I think you say it be a steakhouse . grace when I tell he I do not want the steakhouse , he take I to Long John Silver 's . burt he 's be sensitive to you need and desire . you say no turf , he go surf . he 's a quick thinker . grace but every time I have a issue with something , he just accommodate I . I tell he not to wear bleach jeans and he do not wear they . I think he read somewhere that he 's suppose to laugh at my joke , so for a week he would literally double - over every time I make a attempt . like this : ( more ) grace ( cont would ) ( she demonstrate by throw she head forward ) you know , like even when he be drive . I have to ask he to stop . verona give burt a look , like he need to step up for Rob . burt this guy seem like a goddamn champ , Grace . he seem awesome . I have marry he if it be not against the law here . Grace now see through the gambit . verona give burt a wither look . burt I will get the check . burt leave the table and walk to the front desk . second , he 's talk to the woman there , older and with a sizable chest . verona look at he . we be have a baby that might have three foot or one eye and the thing he 's most worried about be whether or not I ‘’1ll keep my boob . grace I think that 's sexy . burt return . he wink at verona , like he 's get news for later . burt so I be meeting Rob at the drive range ? grace yeah . hey thanks , burt . it mean a lot to I . just ... get a feel for he . ( mock -dramatically ) tell I if I can be as happy with he as rona be with you . Young Martin luther , son of the performance Mom , have appear at they table . 53 . kid ( point to verona 's stomach ) baby ! performance mom ( delighted ) right , Martin luther ! this woman be about to have a baby -- any day now ! verona or in three month . ( give the mom a fake smile ) thank you . the kid be still at verona 's side , inspect she . the performance Mom think she have a audience and be thus more delighted than ever . performance mom Martin luther , tell the pretty lady what you know about baby . the boy say nothing . he 's freeze up . performance mom c’mon , tell the nice people . the boy direct a malevolent look at he baby sister . performance mom Martin . you be be rude -- kid ( still stare at he sister ) Babies like to breathe and be good at hide it . I put a pillow over a baby and I think she be not breathe but then she be . she be sneaky . she be breathe the whole time . but I 'il try again . ashen-face , the performance Mom and she kid leave . burt 's phone ring . burt I be gonna take this on the way to meeting Rob . i’1l see you guy later . 54 . he leave . burt ( on phone , in loud , casey kasem voice ) ned ! I can not believe you be not hide under a rock with the way you titan play last Sunday ! ha ha ha ... what ? yes siree I have money on it ! Grace wistfully watch he walk away . grace you get lucky , sister . verona ponder this for a second . she 's inclined to cut the compliment with self - deprecate humor , but she refrain . verona yeah . I know . int . bathtub showroom verona and Grace be walk through the aisle , touch the bathtub and fixture . this be a high - end showroom for decorator , and people with a lot of disposable income . verona so what would you think if we move here ? you could be auntie Grace all the time . we could drive burt crazy . grace I would love it , rone . you have no idea . but I do not know if I be here for the long haul . verona but you be look at seven - thousand - dollar tub ! grace I can sell my house for twice what I pay for it . I can live five year off the profit . so ... I just might do that . I do not know . and I would not want you move all the way here just to see I leave . they walk through the showroom . 55 . verona it 's strange how we live , do not you think ? grace how do you mean ? verona you be young than I , you be single , and you live in a 4000 - square - foot house . burt and I be have a baby and we rent a three - room ranch . grace it 's only because I try when it come to money , rone . you have you head in other place . I be always go to be good at make money because I like make money . why ? because I be good at it . I do not have a talent like you do . verona my talent be draw people 's organ . I would not glamorize it too much . grace get in . Grace be sit inside a large white tub set atop giant claw foot . verona I do not need to get in . it 's a nice tub . ( now really look at it , notice something ) look like the one we use to have at home . grace come on . i’1l pretend to wash you hair . verona sheepishly step into the tub and sit with she back to Grace . Grace take she hair into she hand and knead it , pretend to lather shampoo into it . grace when be the last time you go back ? 56 . verona Home ? I have not . not for ... a while . when be you gonna sell that place , anyway ? grace you mean when be we go to sell * it ? verona I tell you I do not want anything to do with it . you do the estate sale , you sell the house , too . grace I feel funny sell it at the price they be offer . I be go to wait -- I have a feel the neighborhood 's go to turn around . just need some family to come back . +e * hf verona it 's weird to think the baby will not have grandparent from we side . grace yeah ... verona it hit you again when this thing come up . when there be place they should be but can not be . grace ah ha . verona what ? grace now I know why you will not marry that good man . verona that 's not it . grace you do not want to have uncle Mark or someone else walk you down the aisle ... 57 . verona it 's not -- grace and give you away ! that would be sad , I guess . I can understand that . I be not look forward to it myself . maybe I 'il elope ... verona 's eye be wet , but Grace can not see this . they sit in silence for a moment . grace it 's not good to think about . verona no , it 's not . grace let 's go . Grace step out of the tub and then offer verona a hand up . verona struggle but get herself up and out . int . HOTEL -- evening verona be on the floor , do pre-natal yoga stretch . burt burst in . burt that be the most boring afternoon of my life . he throw himself against the wall , as if shipwreck and finally find dry land . burt it 's hard to explain . he be wear docker . everywhere -- on he leg , on he head , he foot ... verona thanks for not say anything to Grace . burt he have a docker shirt , a docker phone holster ... verona I be sorry , honey . 58 . burt I can not figure out how a guy can be that boring . even while he be boring I , I think maybe I could study it , like , be interested in how boring he be . but even that fail . I be bored by be bored by he . it be unprecedented . verona well , I know she probably will not stay with this guy , but at least we might ween she off the bad boy . since high school all she want be the bad boy . even the guy she be engage to be a bad boy . burt the florist ? verona yeah . burt the florist from Japan be a bad boy ? verona he be really rebellious . burt what ... too much baby 's breath ? that kind of thing ? verona be struggle to get off the floor . verona I be so tired of be big . burt help she up . verona I be tired of not have sex . burt do you want to have sex ? verona no . burt stare blankly . 59 . verona we have not have sex in a month . burt but you do not want to have it now . verona no. burt we have sex last week . verona no . you come on my boob . burt oh. right. ( quickly lose himself in a reverie ) verona it ' 's all be month before I get my shape back . burt so we do not have sex for a while . I be prepare for that . this be one of that dip we go through . there be period when you do not have sex , rone . I mean , what if I get into a horrible boat accident , and be cover in third - degree burn on most of my body ? we have do without sex then , right ? verona can not believe this . she grab the ice bucket and head to the door . she stop . verona I be pregnant , burt . you do not get in a boat accident . and how do you get burn in a boat accident ? ( open the door ) we do not even have a boat . burt yeah but -- she close the door on he . relief . we follow she all the way down the hall , in utter silence . she savor the quiet , the respite from burt 's mouth . 60 . she get the ice , and when return , slow down as she come upon the door , almost know that as soon she open it , he 'il begin again -- as if the conversation have never pause . she take a breath . she open the door . she be right . burt funny you mention not have a boat . I mean to talk to you about that . I want the baby to grow up know the joy of the high seas . I want to raise she on the water . I want the salt water run through she vein ! verona throw herself onto the bed and bury she face in she pillow . burt misinterprets this as a sign that she 's still upset about be big . burt rona ? C ’mon . do not be sad . you be not that big . and you be still super - sexy . hot even . she bury she face deeper . burt oh honey . i’11 always love you , even if you be enormous . even if it take you month to lose the weight ! a year ! I ‘’1l love you always , rone -- even if you gain weight after the baby . verona make no sign she 's hearing he . burt ( now quieter , as if he 's say something really poignant now ) even if you gain so much weight I can not find you vagina . she scream into the pillow . burt ( now whisper ) really . you can write that in stone , in you heart . I ... will -». love you ... even if ... I can not find you vagina . 61 . int . plane -- on way to hartford verona be listen to the baby 's heartbeat with a portable doppler machine . verona her heart - rate be still pretty slow . burt what be it ? verona like 115 . burt that 's normal enough , right ? verona it 's suppose to be between 120 and 160 . burt she 's just mellow . mellow 's good . verona I do not want mellow now . I want lively now , mellow later . burt I think it 's fine . verona it 's because you do not want to fight . we should fight more . get she rile up . burt do not we fight last night ? verona we discuss . we need to fight . you never raise you voice . burt fine. okay ... you do something wrong and I be mad about it . man , I be cross . Real mad . verona no . it have to be convincing . 62 . burt should I swear ? verona no . just raise you voice . burt ( suddenly scream ) you cunt-sucker ! half the plane turn . verona ( in a urgent whisper ) I do not mean now ! burt but the element of surprise be crucial ! you have never hear I say cunt -sucker , have you ? verona have sink so low in she seat that she 's talk into she breast . verona no ! burt see ? I will get that heartrate up . I know what I be do . he pat she hand . she 's still recover . int . car -- drive to hartford campus they drive through a nice part of hartford , and the beginning of a tree-filled college campus . verona this be nice . burt yeah . I have not see ellen in ... I have no idea when I see she last . verona I can not believe you think to call she . beat. 63. burt shit ! my interview ! verona it 's tomorrow . burt how do you know ? she open he jacket . the itinerary be no longer staple to the lining of he jacket . verona what do you do with it ? burt smile . he 's get it figure out . he reach down and take off he shoe . he look , but find nothing inside . now the other shoe . nothing . verona what ? burt I wear the wrong shoe . they drive onto campus . verona so be ellen a full professor , or a associate or ...? and which side be she on -- she 's a first cousin ? burt well , she 's not technically my cousin . her mom be a old friend of my dad 's . I have no idea how . they start call we cousin when we be kid . you meet she at my brother 's wedding . verona she seem really angry . she call the band racist . burt she do not think white people should play soul music . verona scoff . burt be nice . 64 . ext . afternoon -- SMALL college campus they get out of they car and look around . burt be try to call ellen ; he get no answer . verona you do not get the address ? burt she tell I to call when I get to campus . the first person they see be a professor -- a woman of about 38 , with a baby in a stroller . burt Excuse I . you would not happen to know where ellen forney - Fisher 's office be ? professor ellen forney - Fisher . ( she say the name with a remarkable amount of distaste ) well I do know , as a matter of fact . she 's in altgeld Hall . room 340 . in the corner . burt you think she 's there now ? we be early . professor well , if she 's not in she office , she will probably be around campus . she will be the mom without the stroller . they thank the professor and head toward altgeld . int . altgeld hall -- daytime they be walk through the hall of the building , look for the room number . verona she do not have a stroller ? I think you say she get some big trust fund . % + eh 65 . burt she do . her mother marry a vanderbilt . or a Carnegie . which one do the pants ? they arrive at the office . the door say lo hyland . verona I think she name be ellen . what do L N stand for ? it dawns on verona that '' ellen '' be spell '' lo . '' verona no . burt she must have change it . do not say anything about it . please . he knock on the door . lo ( 0.s. ) it 's open ! they open the door upon a horrifying sight . there be a woman stand behind a desk . the woman have one baby in a sling , and this baby be suck on she leave nipple . on the desk stand a four- year - old boy . he be suck on she right nipple . lo ( wave ) hello ! the four-year- old peel he lip from the nipple and wave , too . four-year-old welcome ! lo gesture they forward , in a '' come in ! come in ! '' sort of way . burt and verona be freeze . lo be about 37 , blond , attractive , with luxurious curly hair . she 's wear a woven poncho . lo come here , give I kiss ! verona and burt proceed , they foot leaden . + eh 66 . lo tuck she breast back under she blouse and charge toward burt and verona . the four-year- old wipe he mouth with the back of he hand . lo how be you two ? look at you ! you be hardly show ! what a beauty you be , verona . I think something might have be wrong when you be so late . burt sorry about that . I black out . lo how inventive ! you use to be so prompt , burt . what be you do to he , verona ? he be always on time ... C ’mon . ( get she bag and indicate the four-year - old ) I have to get this one to craft . the four-year- old put on what seem to be a coat -- no , it 's a cape , black and velvet -- and they all leave the office . ext . campus -- late - late afternoon they be walk through the quad , on the way to they car . burt sorry about that . we try to call you . lo oh yeah . I never answer the phone when I be feed . not fair to the child . they walk past a protest -- dozen of student with sign ( the CIA trained bin laden ) object to CIA recruiting on campus . burt we get direction from a woman . she seem to know you . she have a baby , very tall ? lo oh god . Ruby eng . she hate I . I breastfe she baby . 67 . verona you what ? lo I be babysit and the child be fussing -- he be starve , do not want the bottle . so I feed he . take to I right away . I should not have tell she ; she do not appreciate it . she have lactation problem . now she will not let I babysit , or get near she husband . how paranoid be that ? so should we eat in ? out ? burt how about in ? we have be travel all day . stay home would be so nice . lo okay ... let 's think of what I have at home ... verona let we get the food ! we have a car . we can go to the store and get whatever we need . it would be we pleasure . lo oh that 's great . look at you , so helpful . I guess it 's in the blood . verona have to take a second to figure out how many way she be just insulted . they be still walk through campus . lo I be so glad you guy get pregnant so easily . to be honest , I have my doubt , give verona 's tilt uterus . oh , here I am. ( indicate she car -- a prius ) I ’1ll see you at the house . int . rental car -- on way to grocery store verona be drive . fuming . 68 . verona ( furious ) you tell she I have a tilt uterus ? burt I do not know . it might have be my mom . be you tilt uterus a secret ? verona yeah my tilt uterus be a fuck secret ! something occur to burt . burt oh really , you fuck bitch ? you fuck uterus be a motherfuck secret ? well fuck you ! verona be shocked . burt grab the doppler from the bag . CUT to : int . grocery store -- afternoon burt be push the cart through the aisle . burt why do not we divide up ? you get the wine and some beer and I will get the pasta and vegetable . verona I do not want to get the wine . people give I bad look when I buy wine . burt you be be totally paranoid . rone , you have to trust I on this . nobody even notice you now that you be pregnant . verona that 's suppose to make I feel better ? 69 . verona go to the wine section . she select a few bottle , red and white , and a six - pack of beer . as she make she way back to burt 's cart , head be turn , old woman be whisper . a mother push she child in a cart hiss . she reunite with burt near the checkout line . burt we need a gift . verona oh god . really ? burt we should . my parent will kill I if we do not . ( alight on a idea ) a stroller ! they do not have one ! we will be heroes . look ! he point out the window , across the parking lot , to a baby R US . verona if you check out , I 'il get the stroller . burt be suddenly distract . he 's spot one of the check - out woman , about 50 , with large breast . burt ( already make he way to the checkout ) good plan , good ... CUT to : ext . baby store verona load a stroller into the back of the car . CUT back to : int . grocery store burt be talk intensely with the large- breast checkout woman . he 's get the checkout pen ( the one on the spiral cord ) and he 's take note on a empty paper bag . burt so you be say the trick be -- a * + fh fh HH ff * 70 . woman you gotta stop breastfeed at 6 month . burt interesting ... there 's a loud buzzing or beep sound from outside . burt and the woman briefly look up but then resume they conversation . woman and drink whole milk . and beer , lot of beer . good for the mam . burt ( admire she chest ) they be good ... the noise from outside continue . they again look up , try to find the source of all the racket . woman and the thing about stretchmark -- wait . be she with you ? they both look up to see : CUT to : int . car verona lean on the horn . it 's be she the whole time , watch burt through the glass , furious . int . lnas house -- evening burt and verona ring the bell . verona one question about lo 's boob and I throw you through that window . she 's point to a second - story window . burt that one , huh ? okay . gotcha . lo open the door , wear a long flow hippie robe-dress -- something like Joseph 's technicolor dreamcoat . * 71 . lo namaste ! * burt and verona = blank look . * lo * come in ! come in ! the spirit within * I salute the spirit within you ! * they step inside . we see that there 's a elaborate cubby-hole * like set - up of shoe and slipper . lo if you do not mind ... verona pick out a pair of black knitted slipper . burt be leave with one option : a elf - like pair , with point toe . welcome to great hartford ! * verona here , we bring you something . * burt go back to the porch to retrieve it . * lo ( to verona ) that be so sweet . be not you a dumpling ? burt present the stroller , assemble , to lo . lo look at it like a roll mound of pig shit be come toward she . lo oh no ... no , no . we do not use that . no . take it away . burt what ? lo this be my house . respect that , at least ! take that thing away . burt begin to roll the stroller into a side room . * lo no ! the porch . the door ! out ! burt open the front door and wheel it out . * 72 . burt what the hell , lo ? lo burt . I love my baby . why would I push they away from I like that ? ( demonstrate with a aggressive move of push a stroller , as if off a cliff ) no . we do continuum here . ( in a hush , still traumatize ) yes. continuum . verona what be that -- continuum ? lo continuum ? verona yes . lo ( as if any mother - to - be should know ) continuum . lo and verona stare each other down for a second . verona please , lo , you should just cut the shit and tell I . burt raise he eyebrow . verona ( to burt ) sorry . ( faux -sweetly , to lo ) I can not wait to hear . verona 's tone can not keep lo from preaching the gospel . lo the continuum movement recognize that the world will give you baby plenty of alienation and despair in good time , so while we can we should hold they close . 73 . burt so you can not push the kid ina stroller ? lo no , no . why do you think this country be so dysfunctional ? why we feel disconnect from we home and love one ? verona because of stroller ? lo in this house we carry the child . we keep they attach . we do not sever the biological tie at first opportunity . burt what about sleep ? CUT to : int . family bedroom burt and verona be stand behind lo , who be show they a smallish , dimly light , wood - panele bedroom , dominate entirely by a huge mattress . it 's almost twice the size of a king -size bed . lo we have one bed . sleep -time be they most fraught time , when they most need to know that they progenitor be near . hi roderick . it be not clear at first , but roderick , lo 's partner , be lay on the bed . roderick be tall , lanky , with longish dirty - blond hair and a broad open face . he turn over and greet they with a lazy wave . both kid -- wolf , 4 , and neptune , 2 -- be lay with he , attach , in sling . they look barely able to breathe . burt hi . I do not think we have meet . burt try to crawl over the bed on he knee , to shake roderick 's hand . roderick make almost no effort . roderick yes we have . Burning man. 1997 . * 74 . verona look at burt , aghast . burt quietly acknowledge that this be true . burt and verona take in the room . there be about two dozen picture of seahorse on the wall . verona what about sex ? roderick what about it ? verona you go out to the car or what ? lo no we do not go out to the car . be you plan to hide you lovemake from you kid , burt ? do you know what that do to a child , to have they parent 's expression of love keep a secret from they ? roderick that 's why I have a electra complex . burt which one be that again ? verona that 's when a woman want to do she father . ( to roderick ) do you mean oedipal complex ? roderick do not try to diagnose I , verona . burt ( nodd toward the painting ) why the seahorse , Rod ? roderick try to answer , but emotion have overcome he . lo in the seahorse community , the male give birth . she give roderick a sympathetic look , as if to apologize . 75 . roderick the female insert she ovipositor into the male 's brood pouch . that 's where she deposit she egg . lo ( with such tenderness ) if I could , I would lay my egg in you brood pouch . roderick ( barely choke out the word ) I know you would . burt and verona be utterly stricken . CUT to : int . lnas house -- evening -- dinner table at dinner , verona , burt , roderick and lo be join by lo 's son , wolf , the four-year - old , wear a sweater hand - make from hemp . neptune be on lo 's lap , play with something on lo 's neck -- it appear to be a vial of blood . lo it 's so good to have you two here . verona ( look at the placemat , which look like abstract watercolor ) this be very unusual . lo wolfie and Neptune help make they . do not you , wolfie ? Wolf nod proudly . roderick so be you count on this job interview tomorrow ? at .. where be it ? burt providential . not really . I already do fine . this would just be a better commission rate . +e hf ff * % 76 . roderick it 's weird what you do , be not it , burt ? you sort of make money from people 's fear . the more the government and the media scare we , the more cash you haul in . burt do not take roderick very seriously . burt Nice to see you out of bed , roderick . four-year-old would you like a dolma ? burt what be it ? four-year-old it 's a amuse - bouche . burt what ? four-year-old it mean '' pleasing to the mouth . '' to whet you appetite . burt okay . right . thank you . he take one . lo have you decide on a doula ? burt ( hold up the appetizer Wolf give he ) I have one . delicious . lo a doula , not a dolma . verona we be not use a doula . lo a midwife ? 77 . burt ( finally catch on ) nope . no. midwife and doulas be for when the husband be clueless or do not want to be involved . I be neither of that thing . you know , I do successfully apply a tourniquet to a man and I have be do some read about the birth process ... lo the tourniquet ? I be there . it be camp . we be twelve . do not you think verona might need someone who understand the female experience ? verona we have not decide yet exactly what we be do -- burt we do not need some stranger in the delivery room who look like Joan baez . lo who what ? burt you know this be true . every midwife I have see -- they always look like Joan baez . you know , with the short hair and the ( demonstrate ) pointy , lady sideburn . lo ( change the subject ) how 's Jim ? burt my parent be fine , lo . they be move to Belgium . lo Belgium ? whose idea be that ? sound like glenda 's . burt what do that mean ? 78 . lo uncle Jim be always more of a romantic . he would not have choose Belgium . do not tell I they be go to Antwerp . burt just stop . you be way inappropriate about my dad . and do not call he uncle Jim . he 's not you uncle . just ... gah . verona burt -— burt dammit , lo , you have always do this . you and you mom always get too involved in my family . we really -- just do not give we advice about the birth , okay ? roderick Alice Walker say there 's nothing more important than how you enter this world , and I agree with she . my mom have a hospital birth -- the stirrup , the drug , the machine . and she wonder why I can not hold down a job , why I can not walk into a dry cleaner without vomit . it 's astonish , she complicity in everything . and when I be twelve she catch I with some peyote and I be like , '' what have you expect ? you start it with the epidural . '' burt ( put he silverware down ) I be go to ... put some quarter in the parking meter . everyone know there be no parking meter for mile , but no one say a word . burt walk out the front door . ext . lnas driveway verona have follow he outside . they be stand in the gravel driveway . they hug , 79 . burt I be sorry about that . if I do not have to be almost related to she , I would not even bother . verona it 's all right . burt I swear I do not tell she about you tilt uterus . verona thanks . and this lead to a small kiss , which lead to a passionate one , which lead to some grop . the action be get heat . verona stop. burt what ? verona we should not do this here . burt what ? why ? verona do you know what it do to a child to have they parent 's friend 's lovemake keep a secret from they ? what if I come and wolfie do not get to witness it ? I do not want a electra complex on my conscience . c' mon -- she take off she shirt and pretend to walk back toward the house . burt okay , okay . let 's go . he grab she from behind and try to lift she to wheel she around . he grunt involuntarily -- she 's heavier than he expect -- and never quite get she off the ground . int . HOTEL -- later that night 80 . burt and verona be in the hotel room , both try to capitalize on the sexual mood . verona okay , no more talk about lo . burt right . verona but she be nut , right ? burt she 's a awful person . a unholy union of intention and pretension . burt be lie in the bed and verona be put on a nightgown , something distinctly unflatter . we see burt examine the nightgown , form a think . burt hey verona ... verona immediately can sense that a unsolicite remark about she appearance be come . verona no thanks . burt can I tell you something ? verona no. burt . C ’mon , do not blow it . burt I just want to tell you one little thing . verona burt , I be help you out here . ( kneel on the bed , crawl toward he ) just stop talk . I do not want to hear it . burt you do not know what I be go to say . verona I do . 81. verona go into the bathroom and close the door . burt get up and stand on the other side . burt verona . listen . no response . burt verona . nothing . burt please . she open the door . verona what ? burt I be just go to say that I do not think you look good in that . she scream a frustrated scream and walk out of the room . CUT to : int . HOTEL lobby -- later verona be sit in the lobby , on the couch , in she nightgown . she 's watch tv with the HOTEL manager , indian and in he 60 . burt take a second to process the scene , and then awkwardly sit between verona and she new friend . burt sorry . I be such a jerk . verona say nothing . there be tear of frustration in she eye . she get up and walk toward the elevator . burt follow . burt man be I stupid . nothing from verona . 82 . int . elevator -- continuous burt I be the worst . I know it . verona seem to be soften . int . HOTEL room -- continuous they walk in and burt embrace verona from behind , he hand around she waist . verona relent , rest she hand on he . burt what can I do ? say it . anything . verona smile , think of something . burt you want I to come on you tit ? now she bawl . ext . hartford -- lunch burt 's interview be over . he and verona have gather at a cafe . verona be at the counter , alone . verona can I get a small latte ? barrista be you sure ? verona be I sure about what ? barrista it have caffeine . verona that 's the point . the barrista point to verona 's stomach . now verona get it . verona just give I the latte , Doctor . and a muffin . she get she drink and muffin and find burt and sit down . he have he laptop open . 83. verona oh god . the myth that people be nicer to pregnant woman ... White man cut I in every line because I be slower -- they think I be weak . and every woman think the baby 's theirs , that I have ask they to judge I . the only people who know how to treat I be black man . at that moment , a black man in the cafe , maybe on the effeminate side , notice she . black man the goddess be alive ! verona ( to burt ) see ? ( stir she coffee ) how be the interview ? burt oh god . verona what ? burt it be so weird . he keep say thing about how I do not look like my picture , how he expect someone else ... he be confuse . it be awkward . verona huh. ( something dawns on she ) oh no . burt what ? verona you website . burt what about it ? 84 . she grab burt 's laptop and type in a url . up pop burt 's website , which feature information about insurance future , and burt 's business philosophy , and , over the name burt farlander , a picture of a handsome , silver - haire 58 - year - old man , in a perfect suit , sit on the corner of a desk . burt that be you idea . verona I think it fit the voice . sorry . they sit in silence . burt how long till the flight leave ? verona six hour . beat . verona lo sign we up for a birth class . burt of course she do . verona we have not be to one . we have nothing else to do . beat . verona could be funny . int . birth CLASS -- afternoon we join burt and verona as they be leave for a mid-class break . they file out of the room with all of the other couple . trail behind be connie , the woman run the class . she look exactly like -- or be actually play by -- Joan baez . connie ten minute and come back . the hard part be over . 85 . verona ( whisper to burt ) I be actually surprised . this class have be almost completely normal . burt she 's not all bad . verona go to the bathroom . burt be at the vend machine when he 's approach by a man of about 35 , bearded , athletic - - he look like a 70 - era football player . beard guy you gonna watch ? burt Excuse I ? burt have he hand inside the machine , try to retrieve he twizzler . beard guy which side of the curtain you gonna be on ? burt in the delivery room ? I 'il be right there . I be gonna watch every minute . beard guy do not do it . burt I be gonna do it . beard guy do not do it , man . that movie we watch ( indicate the classroom ) ... they do not show anything . burt you have be through this ? beard guy yeah . my first wife . listen . how big a man be you ? ( indicate burt 's pants ) let 's assume you be average . he take burt 's twizzler and peel one strand of licorice off the bunch . 86 . beard guy now , for year now , you twizzler have have a nice , warm , compact docking bay wait for it , right ? burt try to straighten the twizzler , which have drooped . beard guy now you be sit in the delivery room , think '' miracle of life , '' '' spectacle of birth , '' right ? but here 's you twizzler . and here 's the size of a baby . once that humanoid come out of you wife , be you ever gonna be able to see you wife 's -- excuse I -- tootie the same way again ? no sir . that space be no longer yours . it 's like they build a superhighway in you childhood bedroom . burt a what ? where ? beard guy my first wife do 1000 kegel a day and I swear she have the loosest slot outside of reno . I shit you not -- I could stick a baby right back in there with the hole she have . would not need a lubricant . ask I how much sex we have after that . burt no . beard guy none . now ask I why we get divorced . burt no . beard guy ask I why my son be live in Mexico City with a semi - professional soccer player they call the bandito . burt no. 87 . beard guy stay behind the curtain , my man . do not be a hero . CUT to : int . CLASS -- later there be five or six other couple there , fairly nondescript ; if anything , they be a bit on the artsy side . they be gather in a semi-circle . connie okay gang . now , finally : if there 's one thing I want you to take away from this , it 's that the placenta ... here she remove the towel that have be cover a jar . Inside the jar be what appear to be some kind of long - pickle sea squid . verona ( in a urgent whisper ) oh Jesus . no. the squid be purple , red , and tentacled . burt 's jaw drop open . he love it . connie .-.- be not you enemy .... she lift the jar and begin walk it around the room . verona oh lord god . connie it 's not some disgusting thing to be throw away at first opportunity . as you may know , in some culture ... verona that 's always bad , when they say '' in some culture ... '' burt be still enthralled . connie «+. the placenta be bury in the backyard after a birth . ( more ) 88 . connie ( cont would ) in other , it 's cook and eat by the family .... burt be still wide - eye , while verona look pale , and be list heavily , as if seasick . connie I want to introduce another option , one that I have have the pleasure of see work very well with many couple at this facility . be there any artist here ? all but two of the attendee raise they hand . everyone 's a artist . burt raise he , too . the one actual artist in the room , verona , have she arm fold . connie so you know the pleasure of work with archival - quality watercolor paper . now imagine the power of a relief print of you placenta , if apply to high - density archival watercolor paper . she hold up a sample . ooh and ahh ensue . there be general agreement among the attendee that this be a superb idea . burt why do that look familiar ...? verona oh no . it dawns on burt and verona that this be what lo 's placemat be -- laminate placenta print . connie now you be probably wonder , '' how big should the paper be ? and how many good transfer can you get before the placenta become too dry ? '' .. verona sigh loudly , lean she head on burt 's shoulder , and close she eye . int . HOTEL -- later that afternoon they be pack to leave for the airport . burt find something in he suitcase -- the video camera . 89 . burt damn . we have totally forget to be document . verona you be not serious . burt rone , you want no record of this whole miraculous transformation ? verona I want no cheap ugly grainy video record of this miraculous transformation . burt 's already get the camera out and be hook it into the tripod . burt let 's go . get naked . and get up against the window there , with the light . it 'il look cool . verona not -so-reluctantly comply . soon she 's undress and stand near the window , with a soft light fall on she curve . burt that 's nice . Nice . now stand on the chair . verona what ? burt please ? you want it to look artistic , do not you ? stand on the chair . like this . ( indicate one leg up , like a flamingo ) soon she 's in the desire position , and burt get the video camera ready . burt so glad I bring the tripod . it 's gonna be good ... okay , ready ? verona ready . burt turn the camera on . his eye go wide . 90 . burt oh Jesus . verona what ? through the viewfinder , we see that there 's a tape already in the camera . the frame show a very un - pregnant verona , naked , stand in much the same position as she be at the moment . the contrast be interesting : in the video , the color be lurid and cheap . just beyond , in the hotel room , verona be illuminate softly , and look ethereal . verona what be it ? burt be watch , eye pop . verona you do not bring the tape . burt ( in quiet awe ) it 's in the camera . verona come down off the chair and around to burt . together they slowly sit down on the edge of the bed . verona oh god . I have not see this since we make it . burt and verona sit attentively on the edge of the bed . the tape begin . it 's a homemade sex video . the camera have be leave on a bookshelf by they bed , and have capture burt and verona engage in a relatively standard sex session . we watch verona and burt as they watch the tape , and the look that come over they face be one of utter melancholy . they miss that day . a song begin as verona and burt both begin to get teary . that song be '' the Way we be . '' we watch they watch themselves humping , and the lyric begin . memories like the page of my mind misty watercolor memory of the way we be ... gl . int . airplane -- en route to montreal '' the Way we be '' continue , wall - to-wall . verona be sit on the plane , alone , peaceful . the seat next to she -- burt 's -- be unoccupy . suddenly he appear behind she . scream . though we can not hear he , it 's clear he 's cursing loudly . verona 's eye open . everyone on the plane turn , aghast . '' the Way we be '' continue . int . montreal house -- night verona and burt be outside a beautiful walk - up in a clean and charming neighborhood of the city .** verona we go to the same college as this guy . we graduate the same year . how can they be so grow up while we be ... burt immature ? stunted ? confused ? american ? they ring the doorbell . the chime be a novelty -- the sound of a mild electric shock , and someone reacting to it : doorbell Zzzzt . ahhh ! burt play with the doorbell for a minute -- Zzzzt ! aaaaaah ! Zzzzzzt ! aaaaaah ! a 5 - year-old chinese girl answer the door . verona hi . be you parent home ? young girl they be in they room . burt hey abigail . Abby . remember I ? she shake she head . burt be mildly hurt . verona should we come in ? 92 . ABBY yeah . Abby lead they into the house and into the tv room , where four kid be splay out all over a system of couch . the kid be jame , 16 and white ; on he lap be stuart , a 6 - year - old South African boy . nearby be katya , 10 , a adoptee from Kazakhstan wear a huge rainbow afro wig . together they be all watch the sound of Music . ABBY it 's almost over . verona and burt be encourage to sit and watch . the movie be at the point where the von trapp child perform they '' so long , farewell , '' song . just after the song - - and before any Nazis appear , the movie abruptly end , and the credit roll . the light come on and the kid begin to sit and stand up . burt wait . what -- tom shh . tom garnett , the father of the child , appear . he 's about 37 , handsome , unaffected , dress to go clubbing . he walk through the room , touch all of the child 's head in a very comfortable and very affectionate way . he 's a big - heart , magnanimous guy . each of the kid love the attention -- they bond with he be undeniable -- though Stuart , who think he 's a dinosaur , try to bite Tom 's hand . Tom now motion burt out of the room . verona follow and the three of they huddle in the kitchen . Tom give hug to both burt and verona . tom great to see you guy ! ( to verona ) you look amazing , verona . perfect . burt so , uh ... burt gesture back to the tv room . tom we sorta edit it . 93. burt you cut out the Nazis . tom yeah . we kinda figure , what 's the point , you know ? burt they have not catch on ? tom not yet . not even the oldest . or maybe he have , but he play along . you will not tell they about the Nazis ? burt no . tom ( genuinely relieved ) thanks man . I appreciate that . there be always people who want the kid to know everything right away -- sex ! war ! genocide ! but we think the longer we can keep they from know about the Nazis , the better . they hear something about pol pot a few month ago and I be do spin control for a week . hey munch ! munch , Tom 's wife , walk down the stair and greet everyone . munch be casual , confident , with a huge and convincing smile . she 's also preppy , almost conservative - seem at first glance . they all go back into the family room . tom kid , this be verona and burt . you mom and I go to college with they . munch be stare at verona , with sudden tear in she eye . Abby , the 5 - year-old , pull up a kid 's chair so she can stare at verona 's stomach ; munch keep a strange distance . meanwhile , Stuart , the 6 - year-old , take burt 's hand and lead he to a corner of the couch . he position burt to sit as if he 's loung on the couch , about to take a nap . Stuart then climb onto the arm of the couch . 94 . burt sit on the couch . stuart lie there . burt okay . Stuart arrange burt so he 's on the couch , rest against one end , as if take a nap . stu Close you eye . burt okay . burt close he eye . burt gah ! Stuart have jump from the arm of the couch , onto burt 's stomach , foot first . burt ( to munch and Tom ) what the hell be that ? munch that 's garfield . you be John . the cartoon . you be napping , he leap on you . this be the game . stuart do it again . burt comply . again Stuart jump on he , which hurt like a mother . this continue as someone be tapping verona on the shoulder . tom ( see over verona 's shoulder ) you have a visitor . someone important . verona turn around . there be a tall person , very small - face , wear a raincoat . it 's Abby , sit on the shoulder of she sister katya. 95 . ABBY ( in very serious , kgb voice ) ma ’am . verona yes. ABBY I have a question for you . verona yes. ABBY do you know the way to San Jose ? tom okay you guy . we have to go now . you mom and dad be go to tear up the town . James 's 1ll watch you . burt be still on the couch , get assault by Stuart . burt ( with eye close ) how many time do John get wake up by garfield ? blank stare all around . it could take a while . stuart Close you eye . tom we will get the car and meet you out front . James , we will be back late . lock up and give katya she medicine . and you have my cell . jame I do . have fun . burt slip away from Stuart and meet Tom near the hall -- they be put on they coat . burt who 's that ? the tall one ... you would have be about 18 ... tom James ? he 's not mine . he 's a kid who life down the street . ( more ) 96 . tom ( cont would ) he work on we crew over the summer , good with wood , drywall , and ... ( as if it just occur to he ) I guess he life with we now . his dad 's a meth addict . his mom 's a bassist . good kid . want to be a architect . ext . garrett 's house verona and burt be walk down the step , on the way to the street . verona clutches burt 's sleeve . verona ( rapturously ) this be the family I want . every part of it . the kid from all over the world -- burt so you want to adopt ? verona yes ! burt ( point to she stomach ) what about this one ? should we trade she in ? I bet we could get two chinese girl , or three Russians -- verona no . I want she , and they , too . I want to live in a big house like this , with all the kid , and the couch , and carpet , and have everyone lay all over each other like that . this be a family . burt yeah . it work . it 's real . verona we should move here . montreal . this guy will be we best friend and we daughter will be friend with all this kid . and she will not have any of the american baggage ! ( more ) 97 . verona ( cont would ) she will not have to pretend to be canadian when she backpack through Europe ... think of that . Tom and munch screech to a halt beside they , drive a small , older sport car . munch be already drink from a flask . Tom be at the wheel and be wear drive glove . tom let 's do this . int . tom 's car Tom be drive very fast . verona and burt be in the back seat . they be pass the flask around . Music blare . they have go into high party mode with incredible speed . verona so you still find time to go out ? tom we be out a lot , I guess . depend on when . you have to find that balance . I mean , the kid want you there , but not all the time . they need air as much as you do . burt I think we be move here . tom to montreal ? we already win the competition ? over hartford ? over Phoenix ? Hell yeah ! munch that 's wonderful news . tom let 's toast . do anyone know a toast ? no one know a toast . munch okay . so ... yay for burt and verona move here . probably if they be not stupid . they all cheer . 98 . int . bar -- night they're at a casual bar , eat dinner while a jazz combo play in the background . Tom and burt be turn toward the band . munch and verona be have a private talk . munch so do it take you guy a long time to get pregnant ? verona I think it be the first shot . beginner 's luck . munch oh . that 's wonderful . it 's clear that munch do not really find that news so wonderful . munch any problem so far ? verona not so far . ( now sense that she should not be smug about this ) I have be cry a little more than usual . munch I too . verona you be not pregnant , be you ? you look -- munch no , no . no . a couple walk by and see munch 's drink on the table . they assume verona be drink while pregnant , and give she a wither look . verona I can not stand it . Tom lean in . 99 . tom we need to eat real food . I need bacon . munch ( to verona ) he need bacon . int . INTERNATIONAL house of pancakes -- midnight the four of they be in a booth . Tom be feast on a large stack of pancake , with a enormous side of bacon . the other three be drink tea . burt have a piece of apple pie . tom ( he face full of pig fat ) wait . so you be still not marry ? burt , when be you go to propose ? burt propose ? all I do be propose . ( to verona ) verona , will you marry I ? verona do a quick shake of she head , as if she 's say no to fresh pepper on she salad . munch ( to verona ) be this true ? it 's you who 's behind this ? verona I can not see the point . munch there be not any , really . not unless you have parent who care one way or the other , which you do not . maybe there be not really a point . be there a point , Tom ? Tom shake he head . munch it 's a nice tradition , though . burt you wedding be nice . 100 . munch it be , be not it ? now Tom have finish he bacon and be ready to expound . tom you know what you need to be happy ? munch roll she eye . tom you need this . Tom be hold up the maple syrup . tom here 's you two guy . he take two sugar cube from the bowl on the table . tom or wait . he replace one of the sugar with a brown one . verona thanks , Tom . tom okay . so you have you two . and let 's say here 's the baby . he take a smaller brown cube and add it to the plate . tom and here 's you house . he use toothpick to enclose the three of they in a very crude house , with a coaster for a roof . tom but what be this ? be that home , be that a family ? no , no . course not . that 's just the raw material -- the people , the wall , the furniture , you job , maybe a nanny or grandmother . the basic . that 's not a family , that 's not a home . the thing that bind it all together be this . now he hold up the maple syrup . 101 . burt awesome . he begin to pour it all over the sugar and toothpick . tom this be love . burt I know it . tom this be you love , guy , you patience , you consideration , you better selve . man , you just have no idea how good you can be ! but you have to use all of it . ( the syrup be everywhere now , inch of it ) it 's not like simple brick and mortar , where you use a little layer of mortar between the brick . with this , you have to use ton of it . for every brick , there 's a half - ton of mortar . verona I think we be do syrup . tom mortar , syrup , whatever . it 's the same . it 's the glue . it 's all that good thing you have in you -- the love , the wisdom , the generosity , the selflessness , the patience . patience at 3 be , patience after work , patience when you feel like you life be pass you by and you be wait for you baby to burp -- you have to amp that patience aspect so much it 'il make you sick . reaction shot from burt , who be stare at the mess of syrup and sugar and coaster . tom and you have to be willing to make the family out of whatever you have . we have get a chinese girl , a South African aids baby , a Russian orphan . ( more ) 102 . tom ( cont would ) we have get a teenager from down the street who want some stability -- he like to eat dinner at 7 every night . so he cook for we sometimes -- anything to know that at 7 , he will be at a table , with six other face , a plate of hot food in front of he . but the point be largesse , be break the piggy bank of you own love . man , you have to be so much better than you ever think ! munch and once a week Tom and I go out and at least one of we come home waste ... and it work , I think . burt and the kid never know . tom once in a while munch give I a hickey and I wear a turtleneck the next day . the kid be none the wiser . int . strip club -- later burt and Tom be at a table near the stage , both of they drunk . there be a sign near the bar that read amateur night . burt there be a lot of couple here . tom it 's montreal . World capital of this kind of shit . where 's verona ? burt bathroom . where 's munch ? Tom point to the stage , onto which munch be crawl . cyndi lauper 's '' Girls just want to have fun '' kick in and munch begin dance . burt watch , aghast and fascinate . munch be at first awkward , beginning a routine , but then grow more comfortable . she know what she 's do , and have do it before . she take off she blouse , revealing a slinky tank - top . 103 . burt uh oh . she 's use the pole now . do not you want to say something ? tom Nah . let she go . munch continue to dance -- a desperate sort of dance , a dance of loss and defiance . the song , when you really listen to it , be a sad one , too . someone take a beautiful girl and hide she away from the rest of the world ... verona walk into the room at that moment . she see munch on the stage and freeze . after a moment , she eye and munch 's meet ; volume pass between they . tom ( to burt ) she have another miscarriage . burt when ? tom Thursday . burt no. just this Thursday -- ? tom yeah . beat . tom Hell , burt . we have have too many miscarriage . they take so much out of you . this be she fifth . I know she love all that kid like they be she own blood , but ... they watch munch . verona have not move -- she 's still stand , freeze . the song be , in this context , powerful , searing , and munch 's dance be one of great melancholy and raw power . at this point , verona turn to burt , and they lock eye . Tom continue talk to burt , oblivious . tom I wonder if we have be selfish , people like we . ( more ) 104 . tom ( cont would ) we wait until we be thirty - five and then we be surprised that the baby be not so easy to make anymore ... all the while , burt and verona be stare at each other . they know how lucky they be . tom ..- and every day another million fourteen - year- old get pregnant without try ... I just wish I could make it work for she . if I could fix it all and just grow a baby for she . it 's terrible feel this helpless , man . you just watch this baby grow and then fade and you do not know if you be suppose to name they or bury they or ... I be sorry . the song be end and munch be step down from the stage to many cheer . Tom help munch off the step and she sit on he lap , hold he fiercely . from either side of the couple , verona and burt stare at each other intensely , feel very lucky . int . montreal house -- next morning verona wake up , hearing what seem to be a muffle conversation . she look over and see that burt 's not there . she look around ; the voice she hear be close , and be burt 's , but he 's not visible . she look in the bathroom : no burt . she open the door to the bedroom : no burt in the hallway . in fact , whenever she venture from the bed , the voice grow fainter . eventually she squat down , realize that burt be -- could he really be ? -- under the bed . she find he there . he 's on the phone . finally he see she . burt ( to the phone ) hold on a sec . rone 's up . ( to verona ) it 's Courtney . ( back into the phone ) no. I be tell she now . ( more ) % 4 ff hhh HH of + HH HH 105 . burt ( cont would ) ( back to verona ) we be go to Miami . CUT to : verona and burt be get dress in a hurry . verona why do not he tell you sooner ? burt he 's embarrassed . he 's my brother . verona I do not get it . Grace would have tell I right away . burt this be different . it 's embarrassing if you wife leave you . she just leave , verona . they never fight , nothing . that 's a sign that there 's some other guy , or she be just bored or whatever . it 's hard enough that he 's a dentist . he 's already sensitive about that kind of thing . verona about be leave . burt about be boring . helena be -- it 's not fair to say now , but she be always a reach for he . she be - - he know I be not that crazy about she . I feel like she always have one eye open for something better . verona poor Courtney . how old be annabelle ? burt eight . verona Jesus . burt I know , I know . they walk downstairs . the entire family be eat waffle . Tom and munch be wear turtleneck . 106 . ABBY you guy want blueberry or chocolate ? CUT to : int . plane this time , the plane ride be more melancholy . they have a lot on they mind . verona sleep across burt 's lap . all around they be soldier -- National Guard of all age -- on they way to or from Iraq or elsewhere . int . taxi -- daytime -- miami burt and verona ride , still preoccupy by the news of Courtney 's wife 's departure . the stun scenery have no effect on they . ext . courtney' office -- afternoon they arrive at burt 's brother 's office . it 's in a small house just outside of Miami 's downtown . the skyline be visible in the background . it 's a cozy dentist 's office with sign out front that welcome kid . int . brother' dental office it 's cozy inside too , though the wait room be decorate with poster and memorabilia celebrate the supremacy of the 70 art-rock band yes . sitting at the appointment window be not a adult secretary but a girl of eight . she have a pencil behind she ear . this be annabelle . she hear the bell when the door open , but do not look up . annabelle be you Mrs. alvarez ? verona no . be you ... eight ? annabelle look up and brighten when she see verona . burt emerge from behind verona and annabelle 's face explode into a phosphorescent smile . 107 . annabelle burp ! burt hey bellbottom ! come here . burt 's niece be cute in a awkward sort of way , with dark ring around she eye . see burt have she face contort into a wild sort of grin . she can not wait -- she crawl through the window and jump off the edge and into burt 's arm . burt lift she over he head and then hug she for a long moment . burt ( whisper into she hair ) hi sweetie-pie poop - a- loop . I miss you so much . annabelle be too deep in a bliss-high to speak . she rest she chin on burt 's neck and chew she gum silently , she tiny finger play in burt 's hair . the moment be break by a loud yelp from inside . patient Holy mother of god ! in a few second , courtney , about 37 , with shaggy hair and glass , emerge . there 's blood on he uniform . courtney ( wiping he hand ) hey ! I think you be not come till tonight . burt we get a early flight . courtney verona ! you look fantastic . he give she a warm hug . while they embrace , he see burt and almost instantly tear up . courtney hey brother . burt hey brother . burt can you leave now ? 108 . courtney yeah . Maria ? Maria , a young dental assistant , walk in . maria yes ? courtney can you finish Mr. hyland ? maria I do not -- courtney do you best . ext --miami STREET --day they leave the office and walk out to the street . Courtney look up at the sun as if he have not see it in week . courtney I will drive . you hungry ? I be here . they arrive at he car . it 's a new volvo . burt Nice . Courtney can not find he key . courtney I have they here . he look in he backpack . no luck . he check and recheck he pocket . courtney Belle , do I give they to you ? annabelle no. now he 's look under the car . burt you think they be under the car ? courtney shush ! I have a spare down here . ( fumble ) ( more ) 109 . courtney ( cont would ) ( from under the car ) goddammit . he get up , and slowly compose himself . courtney ( adopt a tone somewhere between saccharine and about - to-explode ) Bella , be you sure I do not give they to you ? remember that sometimes you be wrong . you be wrong yesterday when I ask if you have already bring in the mail and then we do not see that check that dad need . remember that ? annabelle nod . courtney so do you have they ? annabelle I will go inside . Courtney be vibrate . his frustration be far out of proportion to the problem at hand . burt c’mere , big brother . burt take he aside and they huddle . burt hey . this be not you . I can not let you snap at Bella that way . courtney I know , I know . burt I do not blame you , cort . I mean , this whole thing ... burt see annabelle as she emerge from the office without the key . see all four of they stand by the corner , a cab slow , and burt hail it . burt get in . Courtney comply and they all pile in . 110 . ext . waterfront restaurant -- evening -- later they exit the restaurant and walk along the South Beach promenade . verona and annabelle walk ahead , inexplicably give military salute to everyone they pass . they pass a parent with a five - year - old boy on a leash . annabelle and verona exchange look . burt and Courtney walk some distance behind . burt have you hear from she ? courtney not a word . they walk a few step . courtney be not that strange ? she be never like that , really . she be kind of normal , right ? burt she be pretty normal . courtney you know how many time I have check we message ? I check they ten time a hour . I get all the line to bounce to my cellphone . maybe she be kidnap . burt but you say she leave a note . courtney yeah . but it might have be coerce .... beat . Courtney come to he sense . courtney I guess not . it 's so weird . I have never feel so emasculate . I feel like such a chump . and the rage ! burt ( remember the car- key episode ) yeah . 111. courtney I have to invent new way of deal with it every night . I destroy all the lawn furniture . burt what have you use ? courtney nine iron . burt ( interested ) not a wedge ... courtney I be so confuse , though . part of I be so angry I do not want to ever see she again . I mean , I have all this daydream of she in prison , and get painful tattoo all over she body . and on the other hand I just want she back and thing to be the same . burt Belle seem okay . courtney yeah . that 's even weirder . burt what have you tell she ? courtney at first I say it be a business trip . I make the mistake of tell she it would be five day . I actually think that be a conservative estimate . I think I have have figure it out by then . then five day go by and Belle want to know where she be . so I say she grandpa die . burt look mildly shocked . courtney it take she mind off of she mom for a while . they walk . 112. courtney I really need help . with what to do next . sorry I call . I just ... if she 's really go for good , I need to know what to say . it 's wrong to say helena be murder , right ? burt that might be traumatic . courtney yeah , but there 's finality there ... int . courtney' house -- later that night Courtney , burt and verona be all sit on annabelle 's bed , act out a story together . courtney and then the bullfrog say ... silence . all eye be on verona . verona wait , be that I ? I be the bullfrog , too ? the answer be yes . verona look at the page . verona ( adopt the voice of a bullfrog ) where be my crown ? I need my crown ! courtney and to that the wolverine say : burt ( in a german accent ) '' you vill nevah have you crown , stinky bullfrog ! I have bury it under zah giant acacia tree ! ha ha ha ha ha ! '' burt 's wolverine voice and maniacal laugh be a bit over the top . courtney and so the story end . at least tonight it do . say goodnight to uncle burp and verona . 113 . burt and verona each lean down and give hug to annabelle , who seem desperately happy that they be there . annabelle settles into bed and then look at verona . annabelle you boob be soft . verona thanks . annabelle my mom 's be harder . verona okay . ext . courtney 's porch -- later that night burt and Courtney and verona be on the porch . verona be asleep on a adirondack chair . Courtney pull something from he wallet . courtney you see this ? it 's annabelle 's new school picture . burt ( examine it ) that 's cute . what 's on she upper lip ? courtney carrot juice . burt huh . courtney she just take this on Monday . remember when we have to wait week for the school picture ? anyway ... so this be the picture . I do not see the carrot juice on she mouth when she leave the house . I be never go to see this thing . mom see the carrot juice on they daughter 's mouth . mom know when they daughter be not dress right . ( more ) 114 . courtney ( cont would ) mom go shopping with they , and make sure they hair do not look spazzy . in one fall swoop helena have change this girl 's life from a normal one , where she can be popular and all that , to the distinct likelihood that she 's go to be introverted , a poor dresser -- one of that girl who look longingly at the girl who have new shoe and the right backpack ... verona ( suddenly awake ) at least it be carrot juice . not whisky . courtney it 's just the beginning , though . thing devolve from here . i’1l be spend every waking moment try to reconstruct a normal life , but everyone around will have more tool , more money , more ability to form a regular family . and annabelle will always be the girl without a mom . int . courtney' house , guest bedroom -- much later verona wake up , notice burt 's not there . she hear he muffle voice , look out the window and see he on the back patio , with a phonebook open , pace while talk on he cellphone . she come downstairs and join he . verona what be you do ? burt I be look for she . I be call anyone she know . her old company , she friend -- verona at 2 in the morning . burt right . element of surprise . 115 . verona notice the break patio furniture -- victim of Courtney 's frustration . verona stop , please . burt sit down . then stand up . he 's so agitate he can not stay still . finally he get onto annabelle 's trampoline -- a big rectangular one , 3 foot off the ground . burt ( now jump ) what kind of goddamn person would leave she daughter ? verona ( watch he go up and down ) I do not know . maybe not such a strong person . please stop . burt ( not stop ) and there 's nothing we can do . she 's go . this family can not be fix . that 's it . what if one of we freak out like that ? verona we will not . and it can be fix and you know it . and if you do not stop jump I will find a way to hurt you with that shovel . she point to a large iron shovel . burt stop jump . burt c'mere . sit down . he pull she onto the trampoline . soon they be both on they knee , face each other . burt but really -- what if something happen to one of we and make we crazy ? like what if I walk by a construction site and something fall and my frontal lobe get chop off and my personality be alter and then I be not a good dad . what if that happen ? verona do not know how much she should humor he . 116 . verona we will be careful walk near construction site . burt and what about munch ? verona she will be careful near construction site , too . burt no really . do not you just look at she and want to give she everything she want ? it 's insanely unfair that she can not -- verona of course it 's unfair . she can not conceive , and bad parent still get to be parent , and good parent die when they daughter be in high school . so what . burt I be sorry , rone . verona all we can do be be good for this one baby . we do not have control over much else . burt let 's get marry at least . verona never . burt 's visibly disappointed . he really think she have say yes this time . verona but I 'il never leave you . burt ( deject ) yeah . verona I promise . 117 . burt okay . ( pause ) you promise to never marry I because you do not want to marry I without you parent there -- and I get that -- and you promise to never leave I . but do you promise to never leave this baby we be have ? unless maybe part of you brain get knock off by a I - beam ? verona I do . and do you promise to stop talk about you ability to find or not find my vagina after I give birth ? burt I do . and do you promise to let I cobble -- verona carve . burt to carve in my spare time and teach we daughter the lure of the great Mississippi ? verona I do . and do you promise to never try to make art out of my placenta or any other bodily discharge ? CUT to : ext . trampoline -- continuous -- later they be lie down now , face to face . burt have find a tarpaulin and pull it over themselves . burt I do . and do you promise to let we daughter be fat or skinny or any weight at all because we want she to be happy no matter what and eat disorder be too stupid and cliche for we daughter ? 118 . verona I do . and do you promise to raise this kid without fear -- without child - leash and fence and without buy into the insane and almost totally unfounded child - abduction paranoia crippling we nation ? burt I do . and do you promise , if I get one of that parasite that creep up you nose after you go swim in certain shallow lake and then slowly eat you brain and you die within a week , that you will lie and tell we daughter that she father be kill by Russian soldier in intense hand - to-hand combat so he could save 850 chechnyan orphan ? they be both fade now . verona 's eye be close . verona yes , chechnyan orphan ... I do ... and do you promise that sometime tonight we will figure out where the hell we be go to live with this baby , come very soon into this world ? burt I do . ext . courtney' back patio -- morning burt and verona be entwine on the trampoline . they have fall asleep there , after talk half the night . annabelle come outside , crawl onto the trampoline and kneel next to they . she poke verona 's breast . annabelle they really be softer . burt and verona wake up . annabelle you be suppose to come inside like normal people and eat food that normal people eat , inside like normal people . 119 . she go inside . burt and verona follow slowly . they catch themselves , remember what they decide the night before . verona I have a dream we make a really strange decision . burt I think it 's the right one , though . do not you think ? verona I honestly have no idea . all I know be that I can barely breathe just think about it . annabelle ( at the door , wait ) be you normal people or not ? int . courtney' house -- morning they be all eat breakfast . we catch they mid-conversation . burt and verona have figure out where they be go next -- where they be probably go to live -- and have just tell Courtney . burt you be welcome to come . there 's room . courtney it sound good . I think it 's the right thing for you guy . but no , I better stay here for now . annabelle 's in the school play . she 's the lead . verona ( to annabelle ) really ? what 's the play ? annabelle ( with a mouth full of oatmeal , use she spoon to make a stabbing motion ) medea . courtney but maybe someday . I do not know . be Grace come ? 120 . verona ew . you can not go after Grace now . I know you always lusted after she but that would be too weird . courtney hey -- I be just ask . idle curiosity . burt wink at he ; they share a lascivious sort of look , both think of Grace . int . burt and verona 's car -- daytime -- rolling hill it 's late spring . verona be a month or so more pregnant . burt and verona be drive through a unfamiliar landscape . hilly , semi-rural , beautiful , maybe a bit run-down . burt be it start to look familiar ? verona ( uncertain ) I think so ... I want it to ... but I also want it to be new , you know ? New for we ? New enough to feel like we find it ? do that make sense ? burt it do . verona ( see something ) oh god , I remember that ! they both look at a tree in front of someone 's yard , decorate with a dozen kind of fruit -- apple , orange , bananas , pineapple . the owner have strung fake fruit from the branch . verona I have to call Grace . ( she dial ) yup , we ’‘re almost there . ( pause ) no , I be fine . ( pause ) it be ! that 's why I call . we just pass it . pineapple ! yes . no , I do not see the cantaloupe ... ( to burt ) wait , that be it . + fh hhh HH fh * % + eh + HH HH HH hf 121 . they have just miss a turn . verona ( to Grace ) I ’1ll call you after we get there . Love you . she hang up . sigh . burt back up . burt you ready ? verona I be . be you ? burt I be . they head down a narrow wind road canopy by wisteria and kudzu . burt be clearly in heaven ; it 's the landscape of he dream . ext . beautiful semi -rural culdesac they pull up to a victorian house , three - storey and grand , though in disrepair . verona oh ! I forget how beautiful it be . we realize this be verona 's childhood home , the same house we see in the photo in Grace and verona 's office . it 's dilapidate but full of character and potential . they park and get out of the car . there 's a creek run through the property ; a bridge over it connect the driveway to the front door . burt be astound , take it all in . burt I love you parent so much right now . they be geniuse . this be what I want for we baby . tear burst from verona . as they walk toward the front door , verona lean on burt for strength . she have not be back home in 10 year . +e hf * * 122. at the doorway , burt open it and verona have to steady herself on the frame . she slowly slide down until she 's sit , overwhelm . burt sit with verona , look around the house , inside and out . burt this be really we , do not you think ? verona I think it be . I fuck hope so . we pull back until we be outside the door . the door close . the end .