hy odirty face " vingel _ 6/12/28 tep . please return this script to production manager when picture [ 5 cgiaplete form 236 recesved from stexographic dept . i script 5/12/38 title " ihoel wit dilty p.cr " temp '' sign " angel '' with dirty face " screen play by JOHN vexley ami - warren dupp base on a original by rowland Brown " j... that problem be for ont though cvil influenecs that moak , for slum '' destroy though corruption thst in though physical sora piltin inherent in the sluasy thot the impressionsble boy 3 who ev 2 bitter life to g '' further ombittore to crime by though gloris ' 2d in 's nigh office , c _and : '' neour : ficd cxamp flaprantiy diso rocky sullivan . «ew we ee ew eo eww e rocky sullivan ( as 4a boy ) . ee ew eee jerry conhelly 4 '' 6 ee ew ee ene jerry connelly ( as a boy ) '' 2 '' '' ee @ lavita 2 4 young cirl ) . es taura ferguson 4.2 6 ke ee ee ha tale frasier '' '' 6 will ee we we bac keefer 6 6 6 2 ee eo have we we soapy sev veceeneenaee swing : oie a eae ge coe gs bim see pee se ee fi ye '' jane cigney '' pat o'brien railroad guard and detective - Rocky 's father - magi guard = policcmon = politician trate = slum kid = body - - oditor - night -club patron - lendlady = reportur = police licutcnant - prison yuard - otce le fane in on a establishing shot of + ' 3 citye squalid . the th pur con ho . around though push= . degen utrang tongue ore sorap of oxistence , frem 2 hundrcd , rusty fircecsespo , fly the banner of the slum -- the prtched shect , the tear wash , the socgy mattrassc and pillow put out to aire shoot thru the iron bar cf - stoop railing , at twa doy ag ty stand ceoze idly at the busy life about the . they -- fourtcen or fiftcen += short ano be end know 2s rocky sullivan - the oft : the prosaic nanc of jb onisbly of irish ox traction , stending clouchincg , hand in pocket . we sense immedintcly they borcdon - postlcossnessy rocky : ( spit uxportly - then with a air of disgust ) dend as vu tloor=enoail ee . jerry '' ( after a neditstive pouse ) how tbout sceint of picturc , Rocky ? they cot a od on cvor at the accdemy on vourtocnth strout o.. rocky : ( without much intcrest ) yook es. whet ? jerry : Tho ' cover '' nm ! ea. tts brand nowe just core cute rocens get any dough ? jerky : Ho ees you pot enyt ? rocky : ( shortly ) nos a slight pause end Rocky spite win Jerry look off and react . loug shot ( cys in p.g.e ) rout thirtcon be apporante twe vounr sehorl cirl spproscht or pou I thoy carer schoolu ly return fren schocle jerry say , rocly , theret leury Martin coming eee rocky '' ( leok : off = but dispuisos he intorest with '' shrug ) so wheat --+ 's of the boy ! proscnece ani mennor of the usual drupe ork to jorry , loud encugh for Laura ator the he that ain eee tno blonde 2 qothen augle as loury step and turn on recky . scerctly , sho be pl th neelyt attention , but pretend the be in . . laury 3 de n'!t bo sc smortealeckyy sullivene stall scting issshot - to jcrry ) say , lot 's morch over to Murphy 's pool - rocris jeury : - whispor sce ( continund ) se + ( gont ) rocky : {loudly = for leuryt benefit ) streit mob ? whot x ut then ? just let ton try soncthin' . ( start off ) coma gn ees cer dissolve tcs se lorg shot _ bridge strint 's ho be '' vortical sign , pond : at the far cond of wl murphy ' S pool & billiard se follow shot rociy and trary nir defiant berr , it vxccedingly werricd , for dst of alion territorye ido they keep enst vie , tehful , sidslong clonce prebtly cot win , aml pot cold foot hope sc ees cur to : ve mo . shot iw nearby a lley whore live or six hoy of = sinmiler penny crep oomice suddenly '' rush up and interrupt thime ( continued ) ae 7 ( conte ) 8s SMALL boy ( oxeitsaly ) nev , Pollersa who a think 's eosin ! se. 2 a couz mag from though dock btrost mob ee . b all poect cxeitedlye tall boy whet the mug ? shall boy that tocky Sullivan and he pal , Jerry comncllye avother boy just the twe clone ? . SMALL boy yosh eeejust though twoe third boy : bev , ch boy - oh boy oe . $ wadittll wo ne hb close shot a alloy rnvuse heap wearby dirty he eon , p excitcd anticipation of though mis with break fingornails pick up bottle , sce of wood fron heape over shot cro hoard a cxaltnnt velcc eof the hunter ! pack in prey , ad libbing . e CUT to : follow shot ti! bridge STREET rocky and jerry thoir oyo move from side to side , es they cast caus ticus look into door and slleyse jerry $ lett run ttint the worry step off inte ¢utveor ) hore in the cuttor brick on ya from ( ccneinued ) 5s 9 ( crnt . ) 105 lie snddonly thoy ston sherte long ser prom tec ? aanglo we or five yo advance , sre cobble sa stick . of then , 31 46 . oy nrwd ww h close siot rocky and jeinty '' they instinctively turn C xchancing significant lock a look flowt ana jerry and rocky ae pivo or six can lithonal cnony , similarly earn , cut rr srry , we thoy canc , but it be too into . in the libbing from the bria 3 fron heelys Jerry , with onsior time of it , while reciy otherse home end pet / ho eff that stick side , sporn one ce le ( ginte ) tacy crash thrreu ; rel : 17 . 18 . ping <f they enemics and stort et they hecl . wipu tcs corner dock albD oridge strent as jorry ani heelky come tear , eroune th. esrner log smot corn jelly aud rociy in fg . as to eone up ant step at o-rnere yq ees some ned , stiet reeky trkes url lt st then apour the ecrnor they duel the scrat pouup gye , over J. lisede slightly . dorpy put to fusi ite ( govpieted ) 18 ( ucnte ) oxenine it ) ne se. it aintt doop ... itis just open ud . but you misht need stitches . Net mo eee tca not stand ten ... tiocr ther dentt heat mar three all st one tino of jery '' t!11 just wash it cut eee ocly de frucct down near issolve Tor standin : acd cerry 206 truck shot i166 welk slong , rosain - ele insert : mate ad sscenat tergtt wa lgard " ate as ali S " ontaDia ey bb close sifot ( moving ) ae ef th ty tent plese say , mevue this wiater will might hep onc of thor . frcight dewn the ploridiace jerry $ ( with wencor ) n ce svinmint there agly movrlg sot uae fay co . " luce beya , whe rply and freight 's fer a ine h the erack gseee Fountain lloel : ) . lock glsy woe '' wo fentt t8t litt stenle ( continued ) 206 ave 230 ist t ts eee wo aintt cot . como on , latte find a heevy spike to bust thet lock opcrnee wipe pos tut , fret can where we soo roelgr and Jerry in th. darkn over of urrion caso of downbsd st ef peunt dens ot , cap not prom sy fora 3 we ef the yo forte wotll ef peosr tr he yopt brekor pedleel blow '' whistle Club poise 's the dy mn duty iie sudlonly the close shot boy gia . D ti b fe hep mucpd ceric im fro . bot ! as cuerd eutsi , docr nad 265 ( conte ) inte ths derloe se Tho twe bevs be eri : guandst voice : I hoard tormece mocny ( whispor doternincdly ) minke a break for it , Jerry e tight nowe cur to : 296 ext . iting werninz for the boy lis form leap cut over punpas arc run for geer life , hucl . noy sh donly wipe tos ore log stor Dec spheot c around a corner to - not sneuting railroad ormod peliccnane just behind hine fusrd y jorry be erby slloyy degen yard suddenly +: i he enc thoir yuesusr '' for £ wipe tos * sl. alli ively prce the the founco at cone ond of ite pull hi j ss necly roach police a . cllcye ol ( cont '' ) ae ose lle ( fre toy Cone eny reel = mo , shot '' at pence etch the ad 's wild leap , c olf have when streny 1 dissolve to : iet , basement 7b y sdley step sit hurric past hb , store wniture and mttross , ho the ry c boiler roorme tit , uidrouur e& nurtiir of rty box and seat ; a mar shift tnadle pechkorounn of the eteen beiloer , pipe and petenise sit lam ono bex gy , ae locorw worrisd sao ef concern os he quick fpnotsetop svecoter but no srell mach tea : F pad oud . 555 56 . 57 , 3g , fade in insert : sign at the entrance of a ola red brick building , read - ing : S. p , G. G. detention Building - for delinquent boy int . corridor as Rocky , lead by a elderly uniforine attendant , lead the way to a door bear the legend : " Visitors ! room " , wipe to : int . visitors ! room as Rocky enter , look around and sce Jerry wait for he , the visitorst room be '' large roon , contain chair and small table all be the well , with noth - ing in the center , another uniform atterdant stand at suerd , gaging out of '' window while smoking a pipe there be u number of visitor , among whom be a plump negress talk volubly to she son , at unother table , a italian father and mother with they son , the mother tearful and sopbi mer clad in he brick - layer 's clothes ; and ovher character . over Jerry 's risht eyebrow 1s a strip of adhesive tape protect the cut . mo , shot by wall as Rocky greet Jerry engerly . rocky : ( with a grin ) hilya , Jerry ees jerry : ( worriedly ) all right . how the treatin’ ya , Rocky ? ( continued ) 38 ( go . ) rock : a prince , ' Three square meal ees veal butter on the bread '' notte life ! you comin ' to ny trial tomorrow.e. ? Jerry 's fece cloud . he loot orf , first to see that the more be beyonce ear-shot , then whisper , jerry : listen , Rocky ... I be worryint about this , all last night , zi can not let you take the whole blame , heya send you to the Reform School for tyo yosarsy rocky : ( snort ) whet 's two yeor ? iferget it , jsrry : it I cantt ferget it . looka , Rocky , be toscther since we be little be oy can not we stick together he , too 2 ? it will tell tem I be in on it and they will send we up together , rocky : ( hush he ) eee you vant that flatfoot 2 ( then tersely } now get this ... you get awey , do not ya ? okey oe . do not be 's sucker , teoh - but Rocky , x for I tola them I be in on it with you , they would be easier on yotie rocky : osnort ) they would in < pig 's eve , now listen see just bec @ you cin run a little 's faster and I 'h no reason why you gotta keep catin ! ' yourself , jerry : but it be not fair to you ees rocky : look -- 80 they ? 11 send I up , so b have it get to lose ? I old trouble enoug a forget it . it 's the bresk . I get catch and you get away . that 's all . ( continued ) 14 . 38 ( contel ) 39 . jerry : ( make one last desperate appeal ) but look , Rocky , if I get catch and you be the one who get awayess . I will bet you would not keep quiet , you would moke ‘om send you up , too , Rocky hesitates for 2 momont . Jerry 's guess be correct , but he pley hard - boil , rocky ; co on ee. what do ya think I be «oe ? a poy=scout ! if you get catch in = stoad o' I , it would be just you hard luck , I would lsy dead , just like you be gonna do . ' jerry : ( hurt ) ya would ? rocky : sure es» alvay romeriber - do not be a sucker dissolve to : int , juvenile court a rather small roori , where juver le ease ere informally hoard , & pow > attorney and witness - es fece a be ce floore - level , be - hind which sit the magistrate with a stenographer on one side doe eler : on Rocky be face the judge . dsehind he be seat a elderly ed-lookin : 2 droon shouldora '' he father fearby be Jerry , 13 shering ana unrorm ' udis at . vy and stand , face the mar : : cc be the pad represent the plaintiff , a herd - bitten ely oblivious to Rocky 's ye 4 8 much vencmence as ii ho a harden - ~ ed criminal , be essen - nis potty the defendant 's 3 appeur pre conor on a similar go scott - free on '' suspend - and flagrant > st not to a . '' 05 close shot judge as the attorney 's voice come over shot , attorney' voice : ( continue ) eee this undiscipline , lavless slum brat must be teach respect for law and order . auross though face of the sullen Rocky and father . pull back to : 4l . grouf shot as judge address i Sullivan , judge : you soit be a orphan , my , Sullivan ? mr . sullivan : le = with a slight 1eg of brogue ) t , you honor , iver sinee be mother wass on when ho be nothin ! but «a boby ... God rest hor soul , judge : ang you have admit that it be i tale for you rersovelly to properly under the pre= sullivan : hord sadly ) we honor , to not , but bein ! 4 to sloep h fer mo a orf the stroot ee . for yours 42 , close shot rocky ly as he mis ching he Jerry ( oorervep ) 16 , 42 ( cont . ) lool on in agony , : axe *% pull dhgi . to - '' ell , iba sorry , son yz. there 's no other course for I to lollow oe . 436 closs sice torry nervously : rostle a sharp , roeky turn + voice : '' but under hochy 's storn look , eon a cnc . with ox to inclide jucd ;e as he stert to write on the for in front of hin , insert : or jud3 > cc fourtecn - comaitted vr juvenile lnquoticys dissolvu to : 44 , 10 shot usin , for record rilir pollowi : ting on '' police writec , thie patty larc tevei School - helorm ochool ( coptruuad ) 44 17 . ( cont ) assault and hold - up ~ superimposed State reformatory - stock shot of taree year State reformatory grand larceny : superimposed County prison - stock shot of one Year County frison illegal entry , grand larceny : superimposed State penitentiary - stock shot of five year - parole vate tenitentiary alter Three year violation - volstead act : superihposdd no conviction shot of gangster ' reem up a ' spcakt= Rocky ae play by cagney ) in the loader - ship manslaughter : superinposed no conviction shot of Rocky with other , hi-jack , anc mechine - gun rival gangster federal violation : superimposed ko conviction shot ooky spend ~ ing money im csamble elub ; crinking in association with beautiful dame racketeering -~ intimidation : Trial pending dissolve to ; int . prison visitors ! cage as Rocky be see confer the latter , bout t.i well - care - for fully ¢issui ambition , sr that success - ~ and illinitadle rance and suave be & shrewdness , cumin , in low voice , rcoky : oe dut vhy st a I be the uy and Lake cue rap , prazier ? 46 . 4 , 18 . close st0t prazier as he protest wi pain . zlibness , Rocky , now , be sovsible -- if ry get I too , I 'i3 nov only be cisbar but they will eneck up on my vault box - grab that two hundred crand , this war , I will pet you only three ycar at the most oe RA pull daack to include Rocky , sartner in erim so studiec he carefully . Rocky frowm . rocky : Three vearg in the State Pen be not no nicnic , sure , you rettle it eff +- only three year , but you will be int it soft ... to shot favoring 2 raztor draztior '' ( urctiously ) I know it 's a tough brenk , Rocky a. but I be not go to mark time , I and go , to scout around - wake the right connection - not only for I eee for both of we , camera pull back to include a hurt compression ( conpthund ) 19 , 48 ( cont . ) 43 , rocky : ( ominously ) no -- you listen , frazier , and be - member «.. three year at the most eee if it 's any more , I will drag you into lt «se '' frazier : I have get it all fix .. , . nothing to worry about . {he extend he hand cheerily ) rocky : ( as he slowly take it ) except that hundred G 's , I want that the dey I get oute .. and do not even think of tryint a double X on I gee as they shake hend = dissolv to : insert : priscn record book sntry page , waich be half fill with name , a hend record the entry of : " Sullivan , wm , ( alias ~ Rocky ) : sentence + two year the book be close , calora hold on it a instent , and turn to the sage bear ich be nov follow by bundred - move down the name 2 , it move along to ord : " discharge " , then = a nand open 3 Rocky 's ontry date , of subsequent entric é column and pause av hoc a colum and write in 1@ one www pade out , 50 , 51 . 52 . 53 , ag om . ro . fade 1 - tne same sluua street oa gpabness , shere | sage oy year iness , more 4 on se game shot as : all its cepress lias be litt anrt :ing , there i more wretchedness , penin , ialor long shoe & ot another angle hw 4 the parish church . concentrate on the apire of wipe wo : full snot ext . of church ell rowan cet ! rebeaton stone , cro tener ont as if baresn ~ . 1olic church , pather old , of grey , d in between the ancient th all abe. 3 noise po eee 2 of be ulwa st 'o sunzve of a boy ! score soung or make be choir . cxoir gcallory range in ale from ten to fifteocn , . ' sly streak wi ue ; patch or voice svelling with rull , cane 21h a a moment , a top note tle ehurci : be ace '' 's wii penuty . 's mill with : tually 2 lnele é peloroe cs sfaction , as not direct 1 i priest of t parish -- though Tor over hh picht evebproy ae near , a . i fy 576 586 596 ele tuy . guurch dac of fis to rath et : race standin 's half in the shadow , half illuminate by a sharn ray of sunlicht , be Rocky Sullivan . tat in hanc , he listen to the sintinsg , he expression one of poic - nant menory , mize with cynical amusement , as he stand patiently , a old woman enter and pass he . Rocky watch she as she foe quickly throush the routine of lirhting a candle at the niche of she favor - ite saint , musblinre a prayor a ing a penny into a boxe choir loft as the boy finish sinszing . no sooner be they through with they last note , than they start to scramble wild - ly and noisily for the narrow stair lead down . cut back to : long shot rocky in pee as he watch the old woman , she heag@ cover with a black shawl , as she enter the confessional booth . anotior angle as the kid , release from they spiritual duty , scramble past Rocky to the street , ad libbine as they run . one trip up the other - a red-head . ' the red= head rise pugnaciously , snarling , rud : nait 'li I get va outside , ya mug-face s+ . I '11 mobilize ya see other boy : yeah 'e . you and yer old man ee . J Rocky glance after they end smile -= secing the pan - orama of he boyhood agein . , then he turn and catch sisht of the priest enterin the ovvosite side of the confessional booth g26 a cae clos3 @o a crin on sucden stert sorva '' ipe to : hnd . sor coussstigmal Booth with Rocky stand outside , wait . ina moment the old ledy exit , and rocicr enter to take she place .. ing , conpessional booth as jorry , on one side of t to hear the confessional of the nex dis and what be troub throwzh the screen , roc nle , but he voice be hear clearly , nothing mach , pathor ...only it 's be bot vo for almost rifteen yoarse tid vou ever do with that bunch of fountain ponsescne clog su0t jurryis pach as he expression become once of astonisiment and sur prise . over shoy rocly continue . rocgi '' ''s voice : eee we snatch from that fre car ? jerry ? ( casp - he face into a vide rocicy } ( he slide the screen open and hocky rise to screct hin ) Rocky eee fou o1sd sae roc : ( grin ) noutlya , Jerry t 62 ( cont ) they scine cally . 64 , mod. srct Jerry and por Rocky 236 2 each other 's hand and shake enthusinstie= dissolve vo : ind . vast 's sy voor Rocky as thoy enter . jerr : open t*e door and shor he in . jirre 3 ( smile ) remembor old '' athor boyle 's vestry , Rocky ? rocky : ( laugh = as look aheut yeah '' 2 . this be the place where he use to bal I out and make I feel like two cent , s50 anogqeir angle as Jerry lean be desl . tarry : well , do not vorry of ahout oy try I be vhat I ant colt to kick you stopn write I . to bar v1 not .» about rocky ? come cown to earth , erry ave henow whe . hewpen £ 0 1e ett wver boc from he serews road tom ae % lauch ) ihave to manpen while fas cutside could always be always on g3 closn shot jerry as he smile sadly . '' hen , nlowly = eat 63 ( cont . ) irr : yes we . I read all the nevwspaver , Rocky ees he look at he old friend , he expression sadden , but he quickly throw it off , and leushingly continue , torry : ( continue ) I will bet you be wonder how I ever finish up ee. ( finger he reverse collar ) with this ? 67 . to shot rocky : well , I know you I always want you to be ordain ... and I guess all that ever keep vou back be I oes ( he step back = pretend to lock Jerry over ) anyvey , you do not make such a bad= lookin ! priest , both leugh . rocky : ( continue ) ivas veaitin ' ! around when you have this kid singint up there ... and zi could just see vou and mo doint the same thing fiftecn - twenty year ago ase '' rry ( leuch ) with Father bovle ss . yose 6be sane shot anothsr angle rocky : remorber the time we slinp into the hyma-book the music of " svect adeline " ? jerry : ( laugh } to sure adoeee ( continued ) gt a ° $ 0 ( cont . ) 69 . 706 ( cont . ) he of soth laurh , knock on the door . sorry : come in , please . imp , sxot taking in door as a small boy pole in he tousele head and announce e bol : sav , Jerry 'as . vyoulre suppose to be down the " store " , ' the fellastre waitin ! around fer vou to start the carle '' a run alon= and tell tem I will be right over . toll they to choore team in tie meantime , m ih tio shot aig as bor slam door of jorry notice rochy !s questionin J. ( continuir you renember old hardvare store , roc eve ? ( rocisy nod ) well , he cov any Way y so he let I of year aro little , a counle i not conna mo into ness ? the tarcuare tus curry : 70 ( cont . ) mochky : ( think he understand ) a sort of kindorparten place es . jerry : well , more than that ... it 's for the older fellow toc . welve sot a t oo basketball court there and have repular Saturday nisht social - dance , movie .e. a cducational talk now and then by some inmortant person . ( netting warm wp ) it 's help tremendously lot of that kid from ocston short + embarrassed ) tle close sihot rocky understanding now , ass slowly . from become mac - like I , for instance ? not for a try to change the subject . turry 's say , I would 1i what do you say to come along with I now ? rocky : ioocantt just nev , jorry . I gotta J 2 7 & get settle , .. and see some people , a ( honefully ) then you will be a some timc ? here for I dunno . it depond on a light business I potta seo eboaut . imow in ea few ry ace cloud , but rout : . I sotta find to keep a ocome ses ri pull back to incluce Jerry , owhavrasse I yon to see it , Rocky . d , as he 71 ( cont . ) jerry : around here -- in the parish ? rocky : nsmile ) why not -- no place like home , torry $ : ( on impvlso ) why gon!t you so over to soe Mrs. manerione e+e ? you remombar she ? she 's mot sone furnish room . rocky : say - that would be swoll , suro ae . lt still romombcr the sproad she use to sive evory time there be a veddin ! or a funcral , usarrel of svanhettt and plenty of that red vino , 726 oruck sct mer tho _ jerry : it 's over on docl : strect .. , second house from the cornere as thoy valk out toncther , Jerry take will he black hat = rock Fine .e. and i!1l1 see you tomorrow , I will be look forvard to it , hocky ys . tb» 70 shot rocky and juorry as they ston sor a second in the doormay , jorry rrin boyishly ana halfeembrace he old pal , sive he a sort of bear hur . srry ? goo «+. it 's sood tosce you , Rocky ees g yous 2 ( vith a fa sesturc ) you , too ese patheor u lssolve to : 756 tb 174 236 closh show '' house rocky as he stand in the entrance of the hous so on dock Street and rinc the boll readine " janitor " a small boy open the door , rocky : itm look cin ! for a room oe . be mss magmione around ? dov : ( with a slicht italiane american accent ) sure , have get room but my mar , she be not here now , se morguson vee she will show va the room = she life one flictht you in the front . tipe to : it . houss rocky as he knock on door . he be surpris ed when it be openeaG by a lovely sirl of tuvonty - fiv not twenty - six a year of age . '' freet he with estion smile . rocin mire . maceionel ad send I up -= say your bo able to show I a loom , rcusor oh , yos eye ttlljust cot though Love have . ved , shot NI rocky IM PC , as he stand in the onen '' oorua : he eyé and taltinn in v ing . eo nos to be in this slim ving she with en surround= such a attractive sirl pull - ack as the the iroye , and start load '' follow she , still stucyir scurn into scone with stair , rocly curiously . vipe to : teird flock room rocky and gk cirl interest he in rent the ( coppinued ) a7 ( sonk . ) yor she effort to ioolis en roweo * the sling up ) will vive it a sood course ths G sure ose ssonworse place . out up incew and lool :s to the bod anc tidy in the i the 2 rocky : 2 through wi a view from here , huh ? ( look certainly ha to study he carefully . fs sooma defini toly familiar to she , the moment she be unable to place hi . one ough v indow ) say , there once e barber shop where that drurstore be , over there ? yes yos , yoar at he acain , she expression showinr sreat place hin . char eee Zt11 tow . lrrovsou : collar a veel , vayable in let four advance '' sold , o08 77 ( contel ) tell she and soad , meusce as she shana lowly , she venture . ook cr gusor : eee Rocky be not ee. aren ! Sullivan ? ( sur ; on eee the perguson : orvard ) thr vas in , do you reneuber I ? sure oe lon curl out Lou ees year oeryint '' shen stand Rocky sten as they then , eood lool : at snreclatively ) sav gee you didnt mont so bac , laure ses 1 m a $ nembarrance ) ( '' wt red ) 77 ( conte ) ol , LAURA + ( soberly ) iwas oes rochy : Split up we . ? LAURA he be kill in a auto accident four year ard . rocky : that 's too bac . what do he do ? anybody I know ? no eee t eae just a : garare - checlrer one of the big taxi companics , to what you would call a seshot , Rocky , rocky ? wheat be you co now ? laure : pnere 's a big office untorm ..e with about a huner fifty deska in ite 4 % each desk there 's a girl pound a typewriter all day . vhey check in at nine , and leave at five = and evry Saturday noon each girl get seventeon dollar and tr yocont . I be just one of that huniredand fifty girl . rocky I get it . so it be not bo oxnctliy a holiday for rou all this ( smile ) hactly ewe ( then , to chenre though subject ) how about you , roclr ? hot '' rcl ( look at } '' hat do you want py qaiszically ) know ? ( conpinu : od ) 77 ( cont ) LAURA : ( pointedly ) itve soon a lot of head ) everybody else , rociay ( with cheticulty ) I be only wonder why you come back hore 's ore ne , like rocin : I have get a Little business here his expression cloud , hut she cover upe LAURA : '' till you be here for a while ? rocky : ( crin ) th11 let you now in a Gay or two eee if you do not mind I droppin ! in . LAURA : sincerely ) _ tish vow vould , of okey , towi he start to leave vyould you do I ( she nod ) phone un the railroad station and tell fem end my bag over LAURA '' ently ) she leave after she a definite rock look Laura have make dissoly : hi a 80 , . oe on eat , EL sho ? wiGlhe a thre é& small , lichted neon tovey brovmetorc , iventify the club , '' ipa uo : invi . poyii : of club yond be e ber , a entrance on onc side to the elud proper . the room be fill with ress thronr , . in the va lead int a well - d '' as Rocky onter a headwaiter stess up to he , look he over carefully as he notice he be alone , clos2 n shop then turn and this man to the door ival , cry 3 z a prowler . ine nocky over carefully ) kel busy . nogkys I will wait . '' notre you ? nocky Sullivan . the namo in the thera be a flicker ef recor a thon noass man 's face , he thintss for g26 room wwhucking shot '' ga - bl the room be elaborately fitte with rouletce tebles , and evory other ganblin device . a large cea crowd be play heavily ; a great deal of money be in evidence , as xocky follow the man through the room he eyss take in every det . il of the scene and hs be obviously impressed with the amount of money in play , as thoy reach a door at the end of the room the man oven it , kocky follow he in , int . SMALL room hel , shot fitted with ea few chair and a table or two , there be enother door lead into a private office , the man nod he head at a chair , pews mln have a seate rocky : thanks , he sit ; the man lean asainst though wall . cur to : inner ofpice mo . shot the office be elaborately furnish , Three or four man arc in conference with prazicr and keefer , the former have ehance little in actual facial appear - ance , yet the nosition of authority and the air of power and wealth with which ho be surround , vest ' im with a addod gisnity and importance . mae keefer give the imprcssion of a ambitious , rather gencrous and loud-ssoken , but essentially shrewd gang - ster , now cracuate into rackete be clerr that he be the boss , despite the freot thet bvezier docu the talk - ine ; in short , the relationshi - equivelent to that of a more - or-less , inartitvietc carsoration prusident rely= ing on he trust corporation coun : to pen up and check uw ) on a temmorarily asricicnt boerd of director , frazicr be seat bei kh , studyine some papers and spoak at the semé tine , a \0 gfp tinued ) 356 ( sont ? frazie ( auupessine the " director " ) conpavin this month with last , the wotoun areca sho a gocrcase of almost ten-nurcent -- when there should be a increasc , ( look sharnly at . ove man in particular ) hat ovput it , grady ? grady 's ( protest ) | thet do not apply to the " number " ! plazisr its talk sbow ' the whole tale 34 , cloxisii shot group * keefcr move inpatiently , speak sruffly . cuit galt 3 some cooperas wratown ? nos > be st ing -- tao. wouk now ! peter % of cnothor man ) it , phomnson ? lowt ook shame prosecutor set : de t it 's six week now += and hot still in ? a bp sow '' '' cll , you know yolity , Jim ... wall the red tance ... magile '' ( snort ) what ere veo pay : or be you losin weir ? hed tanveis wood , hot eir vor the citizen ! & learue «= bus not '' whol so : okay -- Jim -- okay . t'11 have hiuim out in forty - eight ncur {convinuved ) a ey . blaster '' all richt , grady -- that 's settle . ( to the other , seriously ) ana if any of e rest of you have any trouble , co not wait till the bottom Falls out . come in and get it fix , jf you need more money , say so , if you want more boy =-- tell it to Mac , if it 's the law -- se right away , that 's whut welre pay you for -- to use you headst heefer : sure , '' ic can hire mug at a dimo a dozen ! vel be vayine for brainse . e as frazier resch for he brief - cascesre . cur 0: int , sall room al , shot iocky have rise and be oxe C of the picture on the wall .s «- sho be , fishterc , wrestlor , sport - ine scene , ttc . hoe look et a large photogranh of a racine norse . rocky : this horse Sea = winner ? say -- ainti foam , the b man '' ( proudly ) sure , hol win over sceventy - five srand , so far , tog : ( impressed ) ol st seventy -five G what a racket ! Mass oh , that aintt a racket ! thetts just a hobby witn frazicre ves he a amused lance cur to : 86 . 87 , ST . tne office ned , shot the mon be stand close about the desk , with keefor stand to one sidve , look on , throczgh the group figure only a glimpse of what fraziur be do can be scen dut apparcntly he be anportion money to each of the . frazier ? here 's yours , Thompson -- and here 's the pay- off for all you nen , ~- and I want they sisna - turc on the receipt . thompson : I will get tem , praztizer $ here 's yours , grady , and we do not deduct that ten-percent . grady : thanks -~ Jim -- thanks , Mac , keeler '' fienk ! so much -- bring in uptown becon , prazicr take out a small black bool : from he case , ho open it , praz iee : isnin eentlomen , just record , tilohps oi iy a ) sou : ( ss thoy all si ul about thoso you want to be caref record , Jim , you be & mo , shot finish thea man start to leave , keefer door with they , they busine cross to t I think we can .11 have one on the nousces . they start cut as fra and other napev in hi siocky center , come t ies} c2 . can , glosk sn0t at lesk man : Rocky Sullivan outside to see you , frazier : nsvartle ) who ? man ? hocky Sullivan , 89 , close shot frazier think hard and quickly . his oxpression be worried for a instant , then relax ; ond with a more assure voice : frazier : all right --+ send he in , 20 . mel. shot the man go out for a moment ; then Rocky enter . freazicr come around the desk , ercete Rocky cordi - ally and warmly , he extend tis hand , frazl{er ? ( very fricndly ) hollo , Rocky { -- say , this be a surprise ] rocky 's ( non-comiittal es he shake hand ) yeahsea prazie : I hec the date on my calondar -= but I think it wes next month , otherwise I would have bien down to meet you . kccky : ( with a sosture ) thatls okay . ( look about ) faney lay - out you sot here , ( lookinr at frazicr directly ) look like you be in the big money , ( continued ) 90 ( cont . ) ol . frazisk : you know Mac keefer ? rocky : I have hear of he , get the town tie up -- can buy and sell it , prazier : ( lauch ) yiell , we do not buy it -- we just sell it . closek shot as Rocky seat himself in a soft leather chair , its down seat vive considerably wnder he , as Rocky react to 's luxurious feel : prazier : Soft , eh ? wocky # frazier : ( seat himsolf on desk ) vell , youtre owt now . kochy : thea still tightly : get that dough , prazier ? ( sore : worise ) that hundred sranty '' yhy , yes , of cour '' , onty , es I say ... do not cxpect yous . rog ? yeoh , ... you say that oncCess co only a fow > week , . , you pout it , loeky , {cood-natr but sle ( continued ) 91 ( cont . ) 406 frazier : ( take out wallet ) youfll need some money for expense eve I guess , ( hand recky bill ) there 's five hundred , Rocky . rocky : ( take it - start fold it carefully , as he speak ) okay , ..1!11 take a few day gettin ! settle , . , tnat will give you time to get that dough together and figure out where I come in . frazier : ( repeat worriedly ) ' where you come in ? " ' what do you meanse ? rocky : ( casually ) dope it out , .. which racket you want I to take care of ; which section of town .... and sere ( erin ) e» show much my split be , praztier $ you split ? '' = you and mceee cross frazicer 's face at Rocky 's emphasis on the word - but flocky continue , still good - naturedly ) that be the idea , be not it ? I take the rap - thrce year ; you take all the dough , uscd it to make connection ses . " por both of we " ... ( goliberately ) romenber ? surc ...‘¥ frazier ? of course , .. bui you have get thing a little mix un , Rocky , I be only work fov kecfor . I do not have anything to sey , keefer 's the boss , if you want a spot in the business , you have get to take it up with nim ( continued ) 41 . 91 ( cont . ) 92 , rocky : ( quickly wag he head ) no.sel do not take it up with anybody but you , frazier , ( slowly ) you better work it out yourself , all I know , .. I be pickin ! up with you where I leave off , that be the idea , , , and welre sornma stick to it , huh ? ~~ frazier : ( nervously ) vell , . , of course , buteese rocky : ( cminously ) but whateace ? frazier hesitates , confuse , mo , shot at this moment , the door open and kecfor enter , frazier rise and cone around desk frazier : Mac ... I want you to meet Rocky Sullivan , keefer ! {pleasantly shake hand with Rocky ) please to meet you , suljivan , I know all about you ... , youlre okay . when do you get out ? rocky : a coupla day ago . kelfer : what be you doin !? rocky : lookin ! aroundee keefer : maybe I might have a spot for yousee rocky : that 's what we be just talkin ! abouteee ( glenecs significantly at frazicr : ( cowtinued ) ( cont , ) a» pragtir '' '' hore be you stoppin , Rocky ... hocky : I get a room over in my olé neighbor - hood on dock strect , .. nunber 24 , '' iell , I will beat 1t nowese ( to fragzier directly ) t!1l be up.s... say -- first thing Monday , okay ? prazie . $ kondaysee .? yes , .. that ' 1l be fine , Rocky . keefer $ I be coin ! aowntown , . , I will give you o lifte. oopen door ) see you later , Jim . hhoeky ( as he exit door ) turn to flash frazier a warnine look , rocky : see you londay ... frazier , they exit , caami. a hol on prazior as he watch the door close . '' as soon as it do , he nick up the phone , prazilr : get I stevcese camera hol on frazier for a instant as he glance up at coor through which hocky leave , cur to : INS , bar as bartendcr answer phone which be situsted in a secluded corner of the room , the bertender , after listen , call to one of two mon at the bar , who be throwinr baredice , bartender '' it 's for you , stove , cammna pan hite g '' @s he cross to phone and answor it , he be a qui-t , acad -pan typo ( bert hanlon ? ) of 4 , slose shop prazisr office prazier : thore ! 's a follow loaving with Mac ... CUT back tos 95 . close suor bartoom steve ? yeah , . , wait 2 minute , chlefre . hore they come noWese qlook off ) caneaa pull back as keefer and Rocky pass through barroom on they way out , end exit , steve : ( over shine - quietly ) yeah ... I get a good lookee , ( listen for a second ) yeohseee ( listen ) yeah , .. I get itseer ( listen ) sure , ..i! 11 & a couple boy from across the have ( listen ) yoahee . as he continue repeat this -- quick fade out . 966 s76 986 os 100 . 44 , fade in jat . dock STREET f:0 use entrance close shot pen-knife be balanced on the wriat of a boy 's hand -= then flip expertly , point first , into a square piece of wood , this be follow by a still more difficult foat -- flipping the knife from between the tooth ( mumbley - peg ) - then - camera pull back to : mo . shot three boy of the neighborhood as they idle about . bim and swing admire and conmentin ad lib at soapy 's ( Bobby Jordan ) dexterous performance , stand to one side , respect= fully admire the act , be the small italian son of the landlady , Mrs. magsione , johnny . soapy , look up , giance down the strect and sce Rocky approachinge long shot another angle of Rocky , walk toward they , absorb in a section of the Sunday paper , the rest of which be wnder one arm , another angle boy be ! p.ege soqapy : ( to johnny maggione ) hey , johnyy ... be thst guy the new tonant upstairs ? johnly : ( look off ) yeah ... it 's he . soapy give bim a wink and order swing . soapy : start playin ! with that ball , swing ... wetll sive he the wolkse thi k shot rocky as he innocently continucs toward the entrance , still abe sorbe in th. newspe 48 Rocky coue up to the en- st which swing be bounce the ball , ( continuld ) 456 100 ( conte ) 101 , lola . 1026 105-6 he be suddenly bump into , when the ball bounce toa high and swing leap for itee . swing : say ..» why not ya look where ya goint , fer cryin ! t out loud ! at the game time the papers under Rocky 's arm have slipe ped to the ground , and as he bend to pick they up , soapy suddenly jostle against he , yell to swing . soapy : gimme that ball or I will make ya eat it es . swing : try a ! get it . ( run off ) soapy : {running after he ) come on , bim ee» let 's get that little heel w+ . Rocky straighten up , look after the three run boy -- then suddenly fecl he hip -pocket ; react surprised , then grin . in a instant , he start after they . long shot rocicy running in f.g. as the boy , some twenty yard ahead of he , dash into a alley . long shot shoot dow " alley ( with rocky in f.g . ) as the last boy be scon climb over the fence at the far end of the alley . close shot rocky take it in silently and then quietly turn and walk back the way he come . wipe tos full shot int . roiler -rgom hide - out it have change very little in the many year ; if anye thing , it be only more cluttere with box and steal ( cortimed ) 40,4 103 ( cont. ) souvenir . at the entrance be a danger flag , steal from some oxcavation , read : " dangcr - men working " . the three boy be clustcre in a tight knot , go through the content of a wallet , bim : ( awe-stricken ) gec , what a roll -~ there must be more and 4 hundred buck the gece soapy : ( count ) a hundred nothin ! we be in the big money now =« swing : what of haul ee . t suddenly a quiet , smooth voice , offscene , startles they , rocky's voice : all right , we. put ‘emup . you be all cover . they turn , amaze , 104 . another angle and see Rocky , stand in the entrance , he hand in he pocket , look at they ominously . they fling up they hand comically , and Rocky advance on they . rocky : ( with deliberate monace ) sey you prayer «+. mge . bin : say , mister '' 6 . give we a break see do not seel soapy : ( snap } shut up , Bin ee. stop yer squealin ' !.e. Rocky look they over . camera pan ackoss the face of the boy , as thay stand there , frighten to death but they jaw set , hard and defiant . 105 . another angla rocky control himself and start into a nos quietly . finally can no lon . slow grin -- and 1 ( nour ure ) 47. 105 ( {vont . ) rocky : ( continue ) next time you try to hook a poke 'e . do not try it on a guy who know you hide - oute soapy ' : how «.. how do ya know ? Rocky smilus - then look around at the old place . ges - turing with he head for soapy to follow he , ho take two or three step to a wooden door and point to its there be score of initial carve out on it , but among they be distinctly see ' h.s. ' , Rocky point to this . soapy : ( incredulously ) say ees you ee. you be not Rocky Sullivan ? . Rocky only grin . bim : ( reacting big ) Rocky sullivant can ya ' magine oe . I sving : we tryin ! to hook you ... what a boner : soapy : I guess the minute ya see we duck in that alloy , ya know we be headin ! for the hide - out . , rocky : ( laugh ) sure «+. a ! I take the old short - cut . the boy laugh , partly with relicf . rocky : ocontinue - to soapy ) what do they call you ? scapy : ee this squirt here 's bim eee '' this be ewing . ( extend hand ) glad to mect ya , Rocky ae ( to the other - with pride ) meet Rocky Sullivan ee , . ( they a 11 shake hand admiringly ) you take @ room up above we in kumber 24 2 , do not ya ? soapy and 's ( coutinued ) 48 , 105 ( go . 1 ) 106 . rocky : you know all the time I be live there ? soapy : sure «+. dohmny haggione tell we eee rocky : and you take a chance like that '' 4.7 ? owag head ) you kid sot a lot to learn ».. scapy : well «+. you oughta be able to dish lt out oes Rocky laugh , then take a bill from he wallet . rocky : how would you kid like to have a bite with I e+ ? soapy : and howl rocky : ( give he bill ) here 's '' fin es . run over to the delicatess and bring up some sand= wich and pickle and some beer to my place se . and will !ll have a little feed . okay eo . ? bim : olray ? ( enthusiastically ) come on - whet be we waitin ! fer ? dissolve to : mo . shot ext . bock ctreet house entrance as Rocky start up the step , a girl 's voice offscene causea he to stop and turn . laura' voice : hello , kocky wes calera pull back and leura be secn carry a few shop - ping bag from which protrude celery leave , etc . rocky : ( warmly ) how 'ya , Laura oe6 ( continued ) 106 ( cont . ) rocky : ( cont . ) lemme help you ws» she smile she thanks and rocker kick the front door open wipe to : 107 . mo , shot int . landing at laura' door as she open ite LAURA : get accustom to be back , Rocky ? rocky : yeah ... I get a real welcome of coupla minute ago from some of the kid o. 6 truck with they as they enter the room , the door be leave ajar . Rocky lock ebout the neat ; but shabby fur - nishing . rocky : say , Laura «+e you oughta be able to get a better break than this e+. {he look about the room significantly } LAURA : it 's not really so bad , Rocky 's - ( from one of the bag she takeg some inexpen= sive flower and place they in milk - bottlc vase here and there ) eesand besides , I be use to ite I never know anything else , so I do not ese miss its rccky : with you look and brain ... if you would hare beocn smart ... youtd have land something 00d eee LAURA : I never tricd to bs smart , Rocky «ee I try to be happy . rocky : ( dluntly ) woll «se . wear you ? ( CO . inued ) 107 ( conte ) 1086 103 , 506 LAURA : ( smile sadly ) for a while «+. {then , look squarely at he - quickly ) be you vee ? . rocky : ( a slicht pause ) sure .»e . whatover I want , I cot oe . ( then , with confidence ) «oe and I will get it again . LAURA : maybe you way be rights . '' I do not know . I never dare think about it mach , but I do not blame you , Rocky . if anything , I admire you »ecause , good or bad , you do what you want . suddenly from offscene , the sound of boy ! voico and run foot up the stair . they both look toward door another angle as the boy run past with parcel . soapy catch sight of Rocky inside and call to hime full shot soapy : we get the cat , rockys all set ? helle , lauras LAURA : hello , soapy avs rocky : {to leura ) see you later see ( start out ) dissolve to : int . rocky's room as Rocky and the threo boy sit around the table and dig into the assortment of dulicacics . , swing be at the gas range soapy : neall to he ) say , whet about they bean ? ( continued ) sl. 109 ( conte ) wing '' comin ! ... comin ! right down ... he bring the pot to the table , and soapy fish out the can with two fork , then , as soapy plunge the can open= er into it , swing suddenly remind himself . swing : gee , I almost forget ... ( dig into he pocket and bring forth a jar ) biit : grab } pickle oe . wow soapy make a stab at he hand with the can opener . in the meantime swing be still empty he pocket . a great mass and variety of can , and jar , emerge from he pocket . rocky : ( laugh ) what 's nll this ... ? swing : souvenir -- frec . rocky ; frec ? '' oapy : sure ... here 's you change . four buck and four bit == evcne rocky : where 's the other fifty cent ? soapy : gee .«.. will hadda buy something ! , .. do not we ? they all laugh , and dig into the bean , soapy : Boy «+. we coitanly be pick you fer a sucker , rocky : the first thi you kid want to learn be to usc you head . I might heve be a dick ... sce ? sure .«.. thatts tcollin ! hime ... not itm always ( continued ) on cd e 109 ( cont . 1 ) 110 . soapy : av , shut you face ».. and push over some of ‘em potato chip . CUT to ; int . hallway as Jerry be see come up the stair . as he pass Laura 's landing , he stop , look at she door , look up the stair , then docide to call on Laura before visit ~ ing Rocky . he knock at she door , Laura open it and pleasantly grect he . LAURA ; eello , fathor evs jerry : I just think I would say thello !t on my way upe LAURA ? ( she cye twinkle ) why , aro you visit someone here ? jerry : ( hide a smile ) oh , just a old friend 4 ... hach have believe the other be unavare of Rocky 's return and cach intend to spring it as a surprise on the othere LAURA : it be not by any chance sonoone I know ... Father ? jigrry : woll = ves , sou do know he eee then he realize Laura doc know , and both laugh heartily . jerry : ivanted to surprise youeess LAURA : so do I ee . cur to : 5 se irt . rocky!s room they be quite finish with they ropast and Rocky have apparently be ask though bey abecut old friend . rocky : whatever happen tu stinkey o'noil 's old man ? soapy : oh , himee he get drunk one night on slection Day and fcoll out of a windowee thoy have a swoll wake fer throes day . froe beer and pretzol for cverybodye rocky : what about Laura ? nhat kind of a guy be she marry to ? solpys he be ckay eee of nice , quict suyace but they certainly have it toughe he be outa work for a long timesis and then , whon he finally sot he job bacteee he got himself kllicd by a truck , it hit she awfule .s but , boy laurea tock it like a majore there be a knock on the dcore rocky : ( cnll ) com : inee camera pan to door as jorry contcrse Rocky rise to grect he but the boy all stiffen up . Jerry react surprissda the sov soapy and nis pal here in Rocky 's room . as camzra pull back - rocky : ( ec ntinue ) how 'ya , jorryeee know this kid ? surcese he 110 , " soapy : ( reluctently ) ' lo , fathoreee jerry : ( try tc bo pleasant ) do not take you b nnd Rocky long ts get aequaint eve ? ( coutinue ) 546 111 ( cont . ) 112 . 113 , bim : ( to Rocky , wonder ) '' iooka like you and the fathor aro old pal , hockyeere rocky : ( laugh ) next timo youfre down the hideeout , look at the old door agoinee right next to my namo you will see the initial ' J. De ! '. that 's Jerry donnelly seo soapy : ( agtonish ) no kiddi not ? ( to Jerry ) you moan , Father , that you use to heng out with Rocky down the old boller- room too ? jerry : ( laugh ) we sure dideee but now it 's the " store " , you kncwe instantly thero be a awkward pause clos : shot jerry as he react at once , but persoveringly continue . jerry : tees E hope you boy would be down et the " store " teday for the basketball game and maybe get into the block tearise mo . close sic? group socapy : nasa , wotre protty bus ; todayee another paugce Rocky scnsc something be amiss between Jerry and the : three boy se vhet !s the why of not you go duwn gane ? sound like it cughte nbe &o0cd ( continubd ) 550 113 ( cont . ) soapy : fer pote 's sckce .s whatta will look like -- sissics or somcthi not ? playin ! arcund with a basketball all of a sudden ? the other two add they disnpprove grunt ad lib Rocky eatchch 2 gleam of hope in Jerry 's glance and turn to sonapys rocky ? so you think it 's a sissy gam ceas ? well , I will tell you what -- t!'11 bet you a buck to a plugge nickel none of you three can get thet ball past the other tcamese ant I havo not see ' ome swing : gowoneee woftd run 'cm into the grounds bil : wotd moldor teme 114 . chose shot jzrry try the hide he delight . soafy's yoich : w111 you come down , Rocky ? rockyis voich : sureess 115 mo . shot group beim : I gotte nickel and wetll you up on trat bot , rockye soapys sure -= wetll split the winnin'geee wing : Hell - we oughta heve at least a chance to practice up foister jerry : ( happy ) all right , boy , the " storct ! openesce you can go right over nouwe ( continued ) 566 115 ( cont . ) 1166 sorpys ( to koeky ) then youtll be over soon ? rocky : sure , i!1l be slong in a coupla minutese soapy : ( swagger ) okay -- Act 's cee ( and with 4 port snot from the door} eeeand no welchin ' on that bet a buck to oa nickelee . do not forgote ' they oxit hurricdly , ad libbinge as the boy leave , Jerry stand look after they until the door closcsy then ho turn to rockye close shot two Jerry smile wanly , shexcs he heade jerry : tno young devilsd I 'vo work on they for over a yeare - and get nowhcre -= ind after ton minute with you , they !d jump through a heop if you tell they tod rocky 's ( shrugging ) maybe it 's bocause I woar my collar frontwardse jerry : maybooe ( he move toward Rocky ) youtve mot beurie ? rocky : ( grin ) yeohe shota twne cut to be a nice dishe jerry : she 's have a hard strugcle , Rocky . rocky : ( cynically ) ané shoe 's pight wirpe sho start . they cye meet , and Jerry tactfully chmge the subject ( continued ) 116 ( conte ) 1l7e 1186 1196 jerry : eufve beon sponscring suppose we so over and '' nell , since ny " store - sce ite rocky : ( surprised and not pleased with the iden ) row ? jerry : itd like to show you what I be try to do , rockye rocky : okaye he get he hat . as they start out , wipe tos ext . STREET front of house mad. shot Rocky ond Jerry come out , start down the street clos : shot a doorway where stove be lounginge as ho seus the two man go down the stroct , he start to follow after theme mo , close trucking shot as Rocky and Jerry walk along the dirty , crowded street , linod with wretchod tonencnt . 4s they proceed , although it may not be in@icnt in the dai alogue , several pas - sorsby , woman , mon , old and young , bow or tip they hat to though priest and wish he good afternoon to they he reply in kind during the follow scence sore y be try desperately to find word to toll Rocky the meny mony '' thing ho have to tell he , yet ho be awaro thet my " preaching " on he part will oniy alionat : roclry nnd mike they friend - ship inpossible . he choose he word with care and attempt , as much as possible , to throw off he robe of pricsthoode for es momont thoy walk silontly , thon Jerry motion to the littore , filthy strcet , though squalid housese ( continued ) 586 119 ( conte ) 120 . 121. jerry ? it 's beautiful , be not it , Rocky ? & groat place the live rocky : qmow what he meansi yeahe swolle ( he why do not you wo rean the street ) to out af it ? jerry ? I do fer awhile at school , but I cculd not forset ite -' sometincs when twas alone in my ecoll it soem as 1 for I would bron ; sht it sll in there with mce -- all the dirt end filth and misery of this tencmontse rocky : ( grimly ) yeoh . I bring it to a coll with tic , looeeee jerry '' you do not mind sco much when you be @ kid . -- you just get tough -- and ficht for what you want -- and take it anyway you can gct lte rocky : iling ) st cauchte '' but not jerry ? sure why not ? whet else do they tench we ? -. and then people blame the criminal that come cut pt place like thiseer cle shot rocky he glanecs quickly at Jerry , have , catch the slight tingle of '' " refern " pro idoe sut Jerry appear not to have notice the g gloss trucking sov to jerr ; continue , wrap in he theught , still without lock at Rocky . ( come lnue ) 121 ( conte ) 1220 mo . 59 . srry ! why do not thoy blamc though parent , or condition , or socicty itself ? {there 1s a pause - Rocky doc not answer = then in a difforent tone , slowly ) Rocky , I wantcd tc tell you , I be with you father when ho wente rock ys ( simply ) thonkse -- I tricd to set back -= but I could not make ite jerry : he wag a grand mane rocky : yeohe -- but they lick he jerry : yeah -- they liek hime ( sadl ; ) just like they licked my mother . -- they do not have a chance , recky , either of tem , to teach we to work for what we want -= instead of fight for ite '' rocky : ( segoly ) somebedy teach yous jerry $ ( shrugzing ) - that be just a accident . that happen , somtimos , toce as Jerry atop before one particularly wretch building that be literally fallin : down . he point to ite jerry 's there 's cne of the protticst of the bunche a fine housc for two hundred people -- with ferty rucm -- and one washroom rgokys ( ernically ) what a bonfire 1 &6 would mnakoee 123 . 1256 60 . close shot zrry his face show he anger and detormination as he spvak , - jerry : I be go to buy that , kecky -- I be gcing to buy it and tonr it down and in its place build e recreation center for this kid , with a gym and a library and some worker who understand kid and kid psychologye -- and if it 's the last thing I do , I be go the teach they that & clean life be more fun than a crooked oncGeece close shot rocky somehow proud of Jerry 's ambition , but cynical and unbelievings rocky : when 's all this conna happen ? close shot two Jerry 's voice become more normal as he emotion fadese srry : I have already start a fund -- and in a few year , maybe I '1l have money cnough to wake a beginning rocky : ( es thoy walk along ) it 's a creat idea -- sound swoll -- if it worksee . ( slowly - lock at jorry ) but the only ; I evor sson anybody get anything be by fight for ite the eye of the two mon mest in understanding . Rocky know that Jerry hag becn try to ask he to open up to come over to hig side and lead a " cloan life . " Jerry know that hocky have ask he to " lay off . " j2rry : sorry if I have beun preachin , rockys -- but I fecl all this dceplye rocky : yeah e- I focl at too , but I get different idcase Jerry smile and with of gesture of fricneship , half put he erm around Rocky 's shoulder as hoa lead he off . ctmon , thy 1 be weliting for we -- thoret the " store " ho indicate it as they cross toward ite 127 . 1286 1296 130 . gle mo . long 3hct = =6at " store " 4 small , tumblc -down cntrance with barc window , throush which the boy can be partinlly scon hocky and jorry approneh the entrance and onter the " storo . " pan camera to . mo . shot steve who be a fow yard awey .e 4s he soc the two mon ¢o into the building , he turn into a cignr-storc , step into the phone bocthe cicse shot shoot into the booth . ic she Steve deposit a coin in the slot , dial of numbor . CUT to : full shot int . " store " the place be lon and baro , with two makeshift basket goal , and some shabby gym equipment alonj the wall ; a medicine ball , some dumbbell and weight + pullse truck shot rocky and jerry as they walk down the length ef the " store " one team be practice near one goal , drib , pass and shoot for the basket , while at the farther ond , soopy , bim and swing , with two boy whom we recognize from the choir scone , form the other team . once of the latter , 2 tall , lanky kid , call tiny , attempt to give instruction to sog ; and he pal , but they refuse to take it -= do thing they own waye tiny : ( yolling ) you gotta dribble it , soepyese you can not run with ite soapy : do not worry about moeece ( turn the swing ) snep it back , swince ' ( swin. doc so ) at this point , Jerry blow a whistle fcr orden 620 131 , i je . rocky lhd boy if you be the gaie nowe ° 's and tecus themselves , as se ooky etand to one side loolsin | on with wsenente soany and bis pal wink : noly to he as line up . 1326 mo . shot at ciuter bsoapy and a voy fron the opvosin team take pace in the center , with cerry uc rereree between they ready to toss up the ball . the ball be toss sut soapy leap for it before it be toss . you have get to before you jue soapy : okay «ee but let 's start we Jerry toss the yall ana the other voy met the advan - tave -- strikin the ball to he side . suing short - elbow one boy tryin , to block he and get t 3 not ball . até1.1 5 scpewy eee bg@ain the center tine up for a toss and this time soapy eet th no ball roe to bim and he snap it to soany , no with he - who start to rum for he basset . chptain : ( of opvose tesm as he try to nond hin off ) you jotta dribble «ee aw , gqrivble this «+. 63 , 132 ( cont . ) he snap the ball in the boy 's fase , catch it on its redound , then quictily shoot for the goal . it zoe throuch but a ery of wrotest soe up 1336 mo . shot voice : foul ! foul ! jerry : nannounce } . that be a foul ... I will not count that goal «se . solpy : that boso put he mug in the wayess whatlya sot a ist useece ? srry 's now look here , soapy , you have get to play the rulese .. a chorus of protest and shout from soapy , bim and swing -- with razzing end gronx cheer from the . oppose tean and sideline . Jerry look helplessly at kocky . 134 , close shot rocky grin , and start to Jerry . 135 , t0 shot as Rocky whisper to jorry . Jerry nod snd turn to the poyse 1366 ned . shot jerry : ( announce ) all pint , line uo ... ir . Sullivan will referve this rame sogpy anc he pal let up a cheer . as hocky line they up , they grin end wink at cach other confidently . 1375 138 , 139 . mo . shot at o edar 45 Rocky lave soapy tric to 's hand down forciuly c. heaGe rocky : ( bart wait for the pnal «se . chump . vipe to : full shot basretball court L play , stocky sucdenly notice ay 290 of the other hoy . ee wait till run pest he end extend he foot to trip un svius rise yell »sugnaciously ( very much like swing 's ( tough ) what 's the din idea , uoctky ? uiocky susi pei not notice ef = eee dpipule the ball and as i < staff - ara the boy to ecif * boapy evs roc listen , monkey , you vonna play this eccordin ' to the rule , or not ? soawt : ( s-ree ) ( shout to he teame : iate ) esy , mug .. play ' cordin ' to rule . plow close suot bead break into a situation ix 140 . 141 . 656 grouy stot soapy , bim skd sying simt in the rerr of the '' store '' -- < 2 ] i up and lookin , cuite beat and bruiue in spirit as well as on knee and elbow . soapy : ( to lim - angrily ) whytd 'ya let that soy ret through with that ppal at the end , you dopo ! bim : he be too fast for mee .. sying : wheat we necd be more nractice . mo . shot as Rocky and Jerry come into scene . rocky : how ehout thet nickel I win ? soapy : ( disgustedly ) okay , give he the nickel , bim ... Rocky take the nickel and begin to toss it playfully with a teasing grine : swing : {to Rocky = defiantly ) give we 4 little practice tomo : row , and welll mop up that lug . jerry : fll right -- meet I here tomorrow ees I '21 arranse cnother meme . so.py : ( to Rocky ) '' sanna double thet bet fer tome . row ? rocky : sure - why notf rut remember + fcordin ' to the rule . soe sos . em ee we will moider cm anyway e #s noc ’y wink to jorry who show he @elicht at ' aeve make ea dent on this you , hood wi sit last with rocvy 's aid , 142. 4 145 . 145 , 147.6 148. 66 , wa xd , STREET at " store " aid :. shot night it be early evening anc the street licht have just ween cut on . Rocky cone out of the store and walk up the street headin : for home . hed , close siot é doo Steve , in the goorvay , see locky ; he step out end follo ;s after he . he valk with Jerry anc sense vorn of y follow . inute , } lias mind occupy oh o¥ some aixth im he be be close seot rocky we see he take more note of he wolk for agent . then he rette , reach for he surroundings , stall ton , pull out a mo tchede to a wandow end look at close shot rocky ag he lisht the so thet he can sco eye . he throw away though '' ater lose shot steve Steve leave the window aid move on erain after Rocky 67 , trucling cpor hocky 149 . ws now he be conse alert , ited . ve continue on , every detail of he palcht ahead he sue : 3 2 a ia ff surroundings . 4s h hocry's mouse cur . the dim figure of ' inside it . 151 , clost shot hcociy he know something be wrene ; he 's be :ng frane ana he have a to ivgea who ic frsminn he . he look about quickly ; there be one of the nob behind he , three ehead of hin , searehi for a wey out he look across the street and see : 152 . il corner laugston the 153 . close shot decicin on e course of action he crosacs , the street and iicad for the drugstore . 154 . tut . sed/e hed . shot the three man stevel movement . 155 . hed . shot staee T Steve in the fare in kocky , who be not the street follow - '' élmost at the drugstore . ec on bteve they be fare shead of he 1s Rocky 157 . 158 , 159 . 160 . go . int . sedah shot der or though throe man , ur , motion to Steve to follow on in the st int , drugstore mo . shot Rocky , lookin out throuvh the front window as he cross through the store , sce the sivnal , he cross the store , ke a seet ct the sode fountain , from which nosition he ¢an see in the -irror over the fountain , the door , and throuch t vindow at he leave , the three man diasorally across strect . now , as he tee he seat he see , in the mirror , Steve enter and -o to the mavagzine rack by the door . nec . shot at fount / . in as the phermactst cone uo behind the fountain . he be a thin pale young man of about thirty . Nice nicht , be not what ! it be ? kucky : cherry coke . pharmacist : rithte 's inte the mirror , '' 53 rlence cut the be still in the scdan , 's he start to rot it . see Steve cxamini window , see that int . sedan the street be fairly busv with osdestrian and car . one of the wen look around , then turn to the other . man : yoo much traffic to pull it on the street . -- thet storc 's the spot . New -- the uy > the setup . rg -- ant het in too '' v& £ 9 in the door a ! around en ! stert punoing . sno ood , ( coktinusd ) goe 150 ( cont . ) so we wait . bug : lissen -- we ect juim anto the phone dooth ent be can not move . ( to the sirst man ) coun to the aslicotessen -- drugstore , ani fo» Sullivan . ts for atoen ! soo a the ete tq a as ? tal okay ne open the coor , vot out , 161 . be store alt fountain lioct :y , look out of tre window , see the man leave . the yharmacist olece the coke before he . then move off to attend to Steve , xocky sin he drink . 162. as the pharvacist come over to Steve . pe 9 yes , sir fow about my oi npuzsle ) why -- whentd you leave it ( very low - but ie ority - eho av he ' and in he pocket ) this cintt as of back be and stey there . shut and you 6 ? but you ption counter 9d you mouth & gloegg =» rot vagkev c be ( covtihued ) 70 . 162 . ( cont . ) pharmacist : ( thorouzhl frishten yes , sir -- yos -- I will have it in just a few minutéssee he turn and hurry into the back . hosky 163.4 's have not be lose on he ; he 's vise to qarmiacist leave . sit noise , vweit for suddenly shine start rinving . 4 slivht frown cross Rocky 's face . he seem to he - sitate for a moment , then he rise and start for the booth 1646 int . store wed . shot as Rocky leave the fountein end start to cross toward the booth in back . 165.4 ikt . sz '' shot the z= ) of a es they watch Rocky move frou the fountain . cringe he fall for it . -- stmon . they both hurry out of the car . * ay , STREET hed . shot br oo a . pl as they hurry across . dbupinz this ey be out of position to see hocky throuvh the vindovwe 167 . int. dkugstond ved . shot Rocky hes just reach the phone booth . ne opon the door . 168 . 1696 170 . 171 . 172 . '' 1. near the booth , oven 5 out pis watic , stiek it ul ansver that phon rt for '' moment . rocky : you only sot a minute ! eavine no eltern : tive uteve step imto the booth . rouey : coor} just @ fraction of a second the maragzine rack . as jug end he partner rush in and reach for thelr scs '' arm 4 rocky th p.g. 2 othe " un be 2 cooth be co pink to the atic ready . gloge shot stud UT door buss and he partner turn und das oute glosd sr ot hooly econe con be hear lstloe . hen hocky the vatke 173 . 174 . 175 . 176 . 72 , int , rear of store back of the prescrirtion counter , as Rocky dash through , the pharmacist , panic-stricken just gape at he we he hurry through , for a moment Rocky stop , look for the back door , see it he hurry to it , close shot at rear door pockete he gun , Rocky open the door cautiously , look out , then disappeur into the street , wipe to : drug store from STREET door a crowd have gather and be attempt to push into the store but be somewhat restrain by a policeman , another officer be poke around the phone booth , another be question the pharmiciat far in the b.g. , the bloody bogy of Steve be see lie on the floor , he foot in the booth where he fall . the siren of a approach ambulance be hear scream , closer shot soapy , bim , swing and some half dozen other kid be in baci of the adult curiosity seeker , peer through whatever space between the adult they can find , look ~ ing with large , excited eye at the corpse on the floor , seapy turn to swing who have not as good 'a view : soapy : gee -- kin you see tim ! he get a hunnerd bullet in tim ! bim : sho a@tya think do it , soapy ? who dtya think ? swing : ( pantonime with a i 4 chine - gun , and °$ sound ) benep - ye pe t-p-p- yapep - ph a squad car pull up , siren blace , officer come across the sidewall and push the sit end people aside , ( cohtinued ) 176 ( cont . ) 177 . 178. 179 . 180 , opficer : all right -- outta the way ! -- beat it , kid , beat it ! as they push they way through . dissolve to : int , a back room of a pool hall close shot bug be on a wall phone ; stand by he be he two partner , ne be wait for he connection , when he get it : bug : hello , Mac ? -- this be bug . we get " im ... CUT to : int . keefer' ofpice mo , close shot keefer on the phone ; he wear a puzzle expression , ksefer : whattre you talk about ? you get who ? CUT to : close shot bug and partner bug : Sullivan -- Rocky Sullivan -- like frazier say you want .«.. cur to : int . keefer' office mo , shot keefer 's face cloud but he voice do not change expression , ( coiu tinued ) 74 . 180 ( cont . ) 181 , keefer : yeoh ? where ? ( he listen ) yeah -- yeah ae there be a pause during which he listen and the door open as frazier enter , keefer sye frazier coolly as he continucs to listen . then : keefer : ( into phone ) okay . Drop outa sight . he hang up , turn to frazier , they eye meet and frazier know instentiy what have happen , closer shot thor after a moment 's pause as they stare at each other keefer ? what 's the idea about this Rocky Sullivan bump ? frazier : ( coolly ) oh -- I mean to tell you about that . keefer : yeoh -- but you do not . frazier : you do nit know Rocky . I use to work with he , he 's the worst kind of a double - crossor , . kuefer : ( eyoing he ) yeah ? prazier : do you know why he cane up to see I yesterday ? do you know what he proposition be ? ( he pause but there be no answer from keefer ) tie vant to t you so he could ay muscle in . ted I to worl : with hin , yeah ? ( continued ) 181 ( cont , ) 182 , prazier : I pretend to go along with he so he would not be suspicious . keefer : all right . wetll forget it . but from now on do not give the boy no order , I will handie that , I do not like rough stuff unless there 's no other way out . frazier : I know , Mac -~ but it vas necessary to work fast . Rocky be no ordinary mugg . he be a killer ... keefer ? okay . so he get it . he turn away as if to close the matter , dissolve to : int . kide hideout mo , shot bim , soapy and swing cre seat around a box , play with a pack of dirty card , the three mente soapy ?: «.. ssure he be a gangster , they find a rod on he , do not they ? bim : who 'd'tya think the other guy be , soapy ? the guy the pharmacist tell the cop about ? soapy : ( suddenly ) say -- y'know what ? I betcha it be Rocky ! swing '' I betcha it be ! I betcha it be ! boy look at each other with intense excite + soapy : they tricd to get tim -- a ! he give it to they ! ( continued ) 182 185 . 766 ( cont.} swing sure «+ they could not get Rocky , he 's too smart for tem . bim : gee =-- think 'a -~ ( he break off as he see Rocky enter ) hey ! the other two lool up . mo . shot as Rocky entor , he face set with determination , when he speak to the boy it be crisply in a hard voice . soapy : hey -- Rocky ! we wuz up to the drug-store ant wee rocky : shut up . the boy shut up , but they crowd around he . rocky : now get this . stay away from this joint for the next couple of day -= until you get the okay from I '' soapy : sure , Rocky . bim : sure , Rocky «= dut what ase rocky : do not ask question ! -- just scram ! the boy : sure , , okay . sure , Rocky . we get 'cha , they go out . Rocky stand still for a moment , look around , then he also go out quickly . dissolve to : 185 . 186 , 167 . 774 ext . STREET hed . long shot in a quiet residential section of the city , late the same night , the street be practically desert as a acdan drive up to a large , comfortavle two story house , the window of which aro dark . the car drive up to a two - car gurage attach to the house and stop , mo , shot at car frazier get out , open the garage door , get back into the car and drive in , int , the garage as frazier drive the car in aloneside another car perk there , he switch off ths motor but leave the light on , obviously to light he way to the garage light switeh . he open the door and get out , as he do so the door of the other car be see to open , and a moment later frazier find Rocky 's auto - ~ matic in he belly and Rocky 's face stare into he , close shot 0 frazier be petrify with fear , he stare at Rocky as one would at a ghost . pragier : rocky eaccee rocky : yeah , , , itt I . frazier ant I be not dead yet . frazier : . ( unable to say any + thing olse ) rockyssee rocky : shut up «= a ! give I you key . almost in a trance tragior give they to he , Rocky then recehe in , avitch off the light in the car , push the gun in fragier 's back . pockys get movintsece dissolve to ; 189 , 78 . it , study of frazer's wouse uD , siot as frozicr onter follow by Rocky . frazier switch cn the light , Rocky close the door , the room be well furnish , line with book . frazier walk a few step into the room , then turn to face Rocky , he face stricken with fear , perspiration on he forehead , he turn yellow : prazier I do not have anything to do with it , Rocky ! it 's the truth , Rocky -- I swear to Heaven ! rocky : ( low voice ) I cought to give it to you , frazier --- I ought to cut you dirty heart outer . frazier : ( completely craven ) Rocky «= you can not -= do not -- do not -- rocky : stop crawlin ! -- you get I hook for a hundred grand . I be gonna get that first . closer shot two frazier regains some of he courage : he 's too smart not to realize what Rocky mean , hs attempt to pull himself togethor , to use craft the get out of he spot , prazier : sure -- of course -- it 's yours , Rocky -~ I will get it for you , rocky : okay . go ahead , frazier : I have not it here -- you doe not think I keep that much aroundee . rocky : you get a safe here , prazier : yes -- of course -= mte believo I Rocky ~~ I have not anything like that much eee rocky : let 's see that safe , ( continued ) 79 . 189 ( cont . ) frazier ? {ready to do anything to keep Rocky 's finger steady on the trigger ) yes -- sure -- I ?ll show you «= I will prowe it to you , Rocky ... he go to a wall panel , open it , revealing a small wall safo . frazier : I have get a few thousend here -- you be welcome to that -- and I '1l get you the testeres rocky : shut up and open it , 190 , close shot at safe frazier fumble in he nervousness as ho dial the com - bination . Rocky remain behind he , silent . frazicr open the safe , frazier ? there -- you con see for yoursolf we . rocky : sit down and shut up . frazier quickly go to a chair and sit , Rocky in + spect the safc . with one hsnd he take out the entire content , dump it on the desk , 191 . mo , shot as Rocky sit et the desk , he suit he automatic on the top end prepare to inspeet the content of the safe , frazier starc at hi on still run down he face . toe 2 mnrough a package of money . ° rocky : ten grand soee thatis all -- : scoevurity there -- and somo bond -- they be worth quite a bit see . rocky : I do not fool with bond . 192 , 80 , close shot rocky shot so that we be able to see the content of the safe and identify they as Rocky speak , Rocky pick up about three bank pasg - book , rocky : some sweet bank necount , frazier , ( he look through they ) farmer ! and lierchesnt -= a hundred and sixty grand -- Broad Street rational -- two hundred and eighty -' industrial trust += eighty seven , ( he look up ) you have do all right , frazier . you have do swell ! an! thet make mo plenty happy . why , should not it , frazicr -- ' cause we be both partner -- be not we ? frazier : yes -- of course -- of course , rockyeoe rocky : : surc will be -= just like you say three year ago , he put the pass book in he pocket , turn to the other papers =» papers we have see frazicr put in he bricf case during the pay off , and@ though little black book that the man sign , Rocky look at the book , rocky : hmmumanmm -~ so you be collectin ! auto. graph , too , oh ? some pretty important people ! Big shot ! frazier : ( quickly - fearsome ) that 's nothing , Rocky -- just a few peccint ses . rocky : yeah == quite a few «= cn ! from a couple a! official it might be interestin ' to know more about , think I better take them along a ! study up on tem . one vartner ought to know everrthing the other one do . he stick they into k to protest but be afra pocket . frazier would like d to , be mar 197 % bly mo , shot as hocky pick up the phone on the desk , rocky : ( to frazier ) what 's keefer 's number -- he private number , frazier : gircle 0500 . rocky : ( as he dial ) itll put you on == you tell tim I will be up in the morm and that you wont ' im to pay I that hundred grand , get ib ? frazier : ( weakly ) xos esse rocky : and one wrong crack -- ant you will not have to do any more talkin' . eee nlook at he steadily ) frazier : yes -~- of course eee rocky : ( get he connection ) hello , keefer ? -- ‘his be Rocky Sullivan -- yeahe .. ( he grins} a little surprise -+ no , I be not in the morguc ... ethat 's one of you boy } wait a minute -- frazier want to talk to yousse . he hand frazier the mouthpicce but kee to he own car , his eye bore into frazier , as he resch for he automatic with he ether hand . frazier have need for no reminder ; he 's altogether too frighten , the receiver be prazier hello , Mac -- Sullivan will be up to the bl gaucho in the morning -- rocky : ten ofclock -- that will give he time to set to the bank , ( continued ) 82. 193 ‘{ cont . ) pragier eeect ten ofclock , I want you to give he one hundred thousand dol - lar on my account . ( nervously ) . Mac -= you will do it , will not you -- you have get tof CUT to : 104 , int . keefer' bedroom close shot keefer in a dress gorn be stand by the phono , frowm . he listen for a moment , think - then decide : keefer : okay '' I will give it to he , CUT to : 195 , int . frazeer' study mo , shot at desk Rocky listen with satisfaction , prazier : no slip wo , Mac -- you have get to understand that ese . 196 . int , keeper' bedroom close shot exesper : okay -- okay . I anid I will give it to hin . he hang up . for a moment he be decoy in think , then , as he turn away , fade out , 197 . 198. 1996 fade ii in '. neefer 'is office '' shot door as it open and Rocky enter follow by blacky , the saue man who escort he to the office when he first call on frazier , Rocky step in , look around , blacky close the door , lean against it . reve.sl panning shot keefer and some five of he lieutenant be group around the room , loung indolently in they chair . they eye be levell on hocky , they face be hard and expressionless . mo , shot rockr grin at they . rocky '' Rice day for a murder not a face change expression , keefer speak abruptly , kuweper : whereta frazier ? rocky : wheret the hundred gta ? eq@upfuer : you think wefre gonna pay off , huh ? rocky : sure you be . and auvick , because if I dontt set the money inside of three minute , prasiert gonna be splash all over the best hideout in town there be a short pause , then : keefer '' you dontt expect to get away with this , do you ? why not ? ( continued ) a a 4 , 199 ( cont .} 200 . 201 . there be no answer . one of the man take a pearl handle imife out of he pocket , ( f1i open ) T guess we e!n make you tallc , rocky : ( calmly ) all right , supose you do make I talk ? I give you a wrong number , then I give you another one , in the meantime frazier be watch a clock a ! weitin ! for the phone to ring ( grimly ) well , who be it == mce or prazier ? closs shot he stare silently at Rocky for a moment , then : give tim the dough mo , s50 v group there be a movenent of stifles it by spea a be 3 give one of the man epen graver and take out several package of moner toseese they over to who pick they up with of smile , fop gr '' suppose you dontc produce frazier ? rog : whattd I want with hin ? ( si the money onme will taat you pay somethint , this sseausc frazier iisten , it or 's , illi t business hai double - caros¢ ( gonvtuad ) 201 ( cont . ) 2036 hegfer $ ( non-coziittal ) yeanase rocky : we work tozether three year blo ese kgef ar '' so he tola mee close shot keefer he face betray no emotion as Rocky go on , although he be try to decide which one to belicve , Rocky or fragier . rocey' voicl : yeah , dut do he tell you we pull a job . ant thay £ take the rap -' three year -- and he keep my share os the haul for I «= close sot group Rocky hold vp the moncy . rocky : this be it , keefor , a hnndre grand . ( keofer do not reply ) girme a phone -- a outside line keefer shove one to he , foclryy dial a number , cul to : hock ostrely district the italian proprietor answer the phone , egaliat : tallo ? cur to : 2056 206 . 207 . 2086 86 . inv , kiavikt orrick roelry speak crisply into the phone , kocky : tiello =- this be Rocky , ~=- okay . when I walk by you window call that numoer I give you == but @ontt call it if you see mo smokin ! a cigarette . -- that mean I be be lPollowed cut yo : clos # si0t italian italian : tallo +- ft allo «- whattsa matter with you «= you erazcce '' cuT to : lferis office iz.d , sot Rocky hang upe rocky when I walk past that certain window -' fragier ! 1l be sprung ew» unless itn follow , egerik : okay , beat it end let itim goeeee Rocky rise , walk oute close si0t group after roeky have go , the man turn tovard keefer , { the one with the knife ) velll get he -- as soon as we see frazier , poac for the phone ) tow we aontt nothint , into get I the tyson strcoot police precinct . mere be a pause as the man leok at mim with surprise 2094 210 . ell . by . closz sii0t keeper when he get he connection , keefer : hello -- this be Mac keefer , lemme talk to buclley ( pause ) hello , -- Buck ? -~ hac. yeah lissen , I be gonna do somethint for you «= I be gonna give you a hot tip , last night Rocky Sullivan snatch frazier , I just pay off a hundred grand to himaecse cuUT to ; int , police statiov close shot Buckley , the precinct lieutenant be on the phone . buckley : whattre you doint ? =~ kiddint I ? he listen for a moment , he face become serious . he nod , buckley 's yoah «= yeah -- yealsesess int , kuepsris office mo , shot kelyer : okaye donlt thank I , it !s a pleasure , he hang up . instantly the man crowd around , protest - ing man : what 's the idea bringint in the cop on it ? end man : whytnt we handle it oursclve ? ( continued ) 211 ( cont , . ) hdefgr '' stuously } because it not a mug =~ I be exert , sec . ve let the copper handle it -- rocly get life , maybe -- we stay in the clear ant maybe get back that dough . SRD man : yeah w= but draggin ! in the copper seee keeper '' sure «~ yould like rough stuff ] wey ? when we can do it nice and lesal $ no trouble , no fuss == ant the top boyst !ll like it , ‘hy do not you guy use you brain , like I dof ne scowl at then with disgust , quick fade out . fad in £ 12 , ext , dock ST , houst am8d . suot street and into the building x 18 shoot up the st spoote a police car speed do e strect and pull up to the curb , two plain - clothesmen aliznt from the car , glance up at the nwabor of the house , thon hurry up the stair . they ring the bell . 213 . int , mall at stair Rocky , climb the stair , have just reach the second floor landing , when , below , the front door be hear to id one of the detective as hear ; detactivs's voice : wheret rooky sullivant room ? landlady's voice : hird floor in the front . 214 , close shot rocky I pause on the landing , slanee dowm , see the man as they cross the hall toward the stair .@ know he be ina tight snot wi though mey ant frasierta papers on hin , uickly makin a decision , he cross to a door , open it , el , closa shot at door silooting into roo soapy !'s mother turn , surprised , as the door open . soapy be scen in the b in the icitehen , at the table , no he lunch . Rocky motion to soapye rocky : come upstairs -~ quick ] soapy rise from though table , hoeky turn and hurric away . as soapy move out he mother call to he angrily . soale be 43 you come back here andi finish you luncheeess 217 . 218 , 219 % clog . : tiving shot rocky she run up the stair , reach the third landi be gun , pitch ue onen the hall window , take hi hurric on to he room . int , rocket roo 13d , suot ile bake . a lapze manila envclope from the dresser , hurriodly take the package of money from lis pocket , stuiis hen in , then tai : cs the book and papers of fraziorla and stuff hem ine be lick the envelope and sealing it as soapy dash in , rocky mide this somc place where ittll be safe ] see that itt not open a and you lnow happen to double . crossenr | soapy {eagerly take the envelope ) sure , hocly ! ; {pushi , 4 ] 1 pight -- now beat it , auick J he push seany out , close the door , stair as the two plain-clothesinen pre - e '. the second floor landing . thizd ploor landing soapr start down ths st though envelope unuer sire ther he see the two as ho gi - 30 Men pass soavy man con c have of tate . Tien , not start dew hin on wap up , bapoly i hurry down , hall aw regiyt boon they both geax , stand 1 kich ite '' ero : ( continued ) ol . 220 ( conte ) 2224 224 , platuclothes man '' cimon , Sullivan -- open up ] a monent , then Rocky open the door , smile at they , hie glanee at the drayvm ceun , rocky : why all the artillery ? one of the man quickly frisk he for a gun , then they shove he back into the room , opposit rocky!s house as soapy tear across the streot , go into a doorway , turn and stand watch the house , clos # slict soapy greatly excited as he watch , int , rocky's room wid , shot the two man have tear the room apart , search , one of the man turn bael : to Rocky who be still grin at they impudently . plath-clovhe vuhattd you do with the dough , Sullivan ? rocky '' what dough ? platu+clotussuan : all right , wise guy ..ee get movint , Rocky get he het , they start out , wipe to : ext , rocky's house nb , sor as the two man lead Rocky out , put he into the car 2266 227 . 2306 231s close shot soapy as he watch Rocky being bustle into the car . ile be terrify and yet thrilled . mo . shot STREET as the car drive awaye ed . shot soapy he watch it go down the street . then fecling under he shirt to reassure himself that the envelope be safe , he come out from the doorway , turn up the alley . eat . alley ned . sio ? as sosoy come up . he stop under the window above , whistle a peculiar bar . yikbow on second floor as sving 's head pop oute soapy he call up soa py get im ant come on $ wipe to : int . hideout close shot soapy , bim , and swing be group together , the envelope . in scapy 's hand , ' heir face be all excited btiss whadda the cop pinch tim for ? soapy : idunno . he di not have tine to tell I nuttin ' , he juct ;ive I this ant tell mce to hide itd ( comutinued ) os , 231 ( conte ) 2326 2356 2346 sving . whatcha thinkt in it , huh , soapy ? soapy : , howda I know ? -- somethin ! valuable , I betchas bim let 's open it a ! secease ( reach for it '' soapy spit at he hand ) soapys ( ominously ) wanna lose vour land ? Rocky say do not open ite see ? . bim : okay , okayeeel just askederse soapys gee ya orta see they cop ] they pass I right on the stair -- a ! they do not know nuttint '' a ! I wid dis under I shoitl the three laugh at this colossal joke wipe to : int . precinct police station mo . trucking shot as the two plain-clothesmon lead Rocky in . he be 's entirely calm , almost nonchalant . the lieutenant , Buckley , come from he office . several reporter , loung around , look up , and recognize Rocky , be ~ come interested . close shot reporter rep orter $ say -- that 's Rocky sullivan} they rise , ad libbing , and come forward , mo . shot the reporter and Buckley come toward Rocky . ( continued ) 254 ( cont , ) . 1st reporter hello , Rocky ! when d! you blow into into toyn ? rocky : ( to the reporter ) hello , boyse , SRD reporter : hiyah , rockye what 'sa matter -- pass a red light ? ducitley 's ( push through they ) all in good time , boy == all in good time . ( to the plain - clothesnen ) take he in back , burt . the man lead Rocky away 2356 closer seot group as the reporter crowd around Buckley . reporter '' ( together ) what 's up , Buck ? vhnattve you get on he ? cimon , buek == let 's have it ? give we the lowdowm , Buck , buckley : ( very proud = hardly able to keep from * beam ) well , boy , this be just a little example of the efficiency of this precinctere . 18st reporter : skip that , a ' lot 's have the dopce buckley : ( icnore he «- this be he bis monent ) at tivo ofclock this morning -- Rocky Sullivan l: idnap James frazicress there be a scnsation . reporter '' whatt kidnap ! ( continued ) 235 ( conte ) 256 . reporter $ ( conte ) frazier ] & snatch rap on rocky} Holy codfishl buckley 's at ten ofclock , Mac keefer pay Sullivan a hundred thousand dollar ransom ] reporter : keefer ] -- c keefer} great jumpint jeniver a hundred grand} go on , Buck += cut out posin ! and let 's have it all } buckley : at -- ( he look nompously at he watch ) - twelve thirty , Sullivan be ape prehend by detective O'Rourke and glenister act under thé order of lioutenant Edward c. buckleysee spell , b-u-c -k --- the reporter hurry to ' phonese Buckley look after they for a moment , grin , then he turn and walk to the back and through the coor through which the man escort Rocky . ‘fe can hear the reperter calling they papers and excitedly give the story . int . rear room of station Rocky be seat in the center of the room . group around he be the two plain-clothearien who pick he up and several morc . the lieutenant enter . 's rocky : cenl ling} eseevou for it all wrong there be not any snatch . -- fragzier and I be away ona little business trip . thatts all . the lieutenant come up to he , buckley : you right as well spill , roély . we get ell the dope anywaye rocky : why do not you cuy let I call my lawyer ? ( aarmtren ) 966 236 ( conte ) 2 kd plain-clotheshans ( sarcastically ) yeah -- sure buckley '' ( grin ) : yeah '' who be you lawyer , Rocky ? rocky : ( calmly ) fragilerecs themen look at he angrily , they move closer around he , as '' wipe to : 2376 int . suall room of keeper' office ned , shot as frazier , he overcoat collar pull up over he tuxedo collar and tie , he face unshaven , hurry through , open the door to heefer 's office and entorse 238.6 int , keeper' offich mo . shot keefer be there as frazier enter . he look up , he eye hard and cold . prazier $ ( comin to he = they - barrass and nervous ) hello , mace he cross to the desk , pour himself a drink of whiskey . keefer watch hire keel or : a little nervous , be not you ? well , it be not any picnicssee under a steamehoiler in some cellar , ell be rteeewith rat and dirt andese ( start scratch hinscl ? ) neyo thistl1 learn you to leave the rough stuff to I } ( continued ) ote 238 ( cont ) prazier : ( flaring slightly ) be it my fault if thease ape of yours have not sense enough to get the right man ? ( he take he drink } you do not put anybody after Sullivan ? kesfer t hoe you do that once too nuche prazier '' ( relicved ) Goode neever I be lettin ' the copper take care of he this timee prazier : ( startle ) '' hat do you mean ? keeper '' I tip ‘om off he snatch yous just hear they pick he upe 2396 close sect frazier he show the fear this statement give hin . vrazier s$ good Christ , iach 2404 ered . close shuot two go close to Mac , a yragicr put down he class , prazier ( frantically ) ne can not do thats keeper $ T already do ite bi hetl1 > to back it will be blow wide open e 241 , '' I no . 2456 98 , close shot kelier tis face flame with anger , exefer $ you dumb shvsterese ( then quickly ) sit -- what be you waitin ! 6 gotta null he outa there } all vi for ? close shot two as frazier hurry to the desk , pick up the phone , start dial a number . keefer , swoaring under he breath , pace the floor , dissolve tos ext . precinct police station mo . shot a official car pull up to the curb and a large , im - portant- look chic ? of detective cet out , cross the sidewalk and enter the station int . precinct station mo , shot the station be now crowded with reporter . as the chief of detective enter they groot hin casually . . repcrter 3 hiyah , chiefl eello , barneye etce the Chief push he way through they without answer , he face set . he head for the door of the licutenant 's office , is roforter : ( to another ) Rocky 's bring down the brass hat } e2uD reforter : yeah -- they gotta be around to help take the bow ] SRD reporter : ( laugh ) what I like be keefer nayi not out that hundred grand , soy , can you tie that ) ( continued ) nm '' '' 2450 246.6 ( conte ) 1st reporter : it 's lucky for Sullivan he get nab , held be worse off outsidess close shot lieutenant!s office door as it open and the Chief of detective come out with Buckley who now appear very pale and frighten . they come out briskly , silently . ked . shot ag the reporter turn to then , the Chief leave as quickly os he enter , push he way through the reportei 'ss Buckley cress quickly to the door to the rear room , the reporter sense something have happen , crowd around hime reporter ? what 's up , buckl what 's the matter ? ' '' hat 's happen ? cimon , buel -- quit stallin ' ] buckley : ( oush he way throuch - plead ) wot now , boy -= not nowt he go into the rear room , close the door behind he . the renorter stand arounle 18st reporter 's I be beginnin! t to smell something ! fishy $ they wait for a moment , then the door oven and Rocky emerge with the lieutenant , the reporter crowd around , . reporter : ctmon , kocky «= let we in on itl where you talin ' he , Buck ? yinatlhs all the hocus nocus about ? yhat hapnen , Rocky -- sive we you cide of itl rock ys ( enilin , = waviness e% they ) sorry , follow , TI cantt tall . -- but the limutensnt ! 1l give you a statement . iis push through they as they crovd around Buckley . ( continued ) 246 ( conte ) 247 . 248 , buckley : ( perspire ) . Sullivan 's bein release . ' ie found out itt all becn a little mistalesee kis woré create a sensation reporter : a little mistakel hey -- wait a nutel say +- we flashed in the story ] you can not pull a tiine like this ] what would you mean a mistake $ mistake in a picg'tsaesece - buceley : ( nis face drip ) now wait , boy - = + now waitl take it casy -- I be tryint to explain ! -- y¥ 's we cot a anonymous tip . e & false alarm the voice of the boy , they anger mount , almost drow he oute cur to : ext . € treet at prucinct station as hocky come oute some little distance dovm the street a nevsboy be shouting he paperse mnevsdboy 's uxtreece paver ! read all about ith lawyer lidnavped ! extreee ] Rocky call hime 's run une a coin and take the boy go on , call . Rocky lock over the heaclinos . insert the i the headline read tyay -6ish rtdmaplsd ture in hundre tywo= gun Rocky ce my thousand dollar sidnepoings held uncer special Guard speedy prial assurea '' '' 2496 2506 2516 2526 2536 101 , clo&s shor rocky he grin as he stuff though paper into he pocket and move off dissolve to : roving shot OPEN rear of delivery truck as-trucicaan fling a bundle of newspaper to the curb flanking a newsstand . ned . siiot : as soapy with he two pal dart to it and tear one of the papers oute wipe tos insert same heedline as in previous sconc , camera pull back and we find the boy to be in the hidcout , cluster around soapy , thoy arc dovour the story . sqapys ( roading ) be . srocky Sullivan evidently return dircetly to he bovhead haunt , follove ing he reloase and have be in the district only a fov dav before he hide nap jamc pragicr , promincnt attorney anc playboy , for a ransom of one hundred thousand dollersecsee ! . bib say , maybe thet dough be in thet envelopee . . rocky's voice : wiaybe it be , bim , the boy whirl about , startle , bp. shot as Rocky cnter , smdllinge ( continued ) 253 ( conte ) Rocky } rockys no #- I walk oute scapy : but it say in theo papersoese rocky : ( wipe the boy 's face ~ playfully ) kever believe vhat you read in the papers , kidee swing : ( awe-stricken , gape at Rocky ) foist youtre in =- de you be outl ( boy laugh ) Boy 's =- they coitainly can not hold ° youy rockye rocky 's ( to soapy ) how about that envelope ? soapys ( proudly ) et get ite rocky : ( lauch ) okay -- lett have ite soapy cross to the coal bine as soap start shovelli he bare hand , rocky look on . a ec have the coal ear froin the side of 's partd pries open with c back | bc the board be the brick wa the for not opr then pries out & loose ori ' oese | ploke final soar e shoulder , end pnlis ont 106 , 2555 mo , shot group te yr apcese just like ya give it to I . ro that 's a smart plant you get , soapy ses soa pts ( excitedly ) sure be , e. if I do not know where it be I could not find it myself . 2566 slcse shot group as Rocky open the envelope and check the content , the boy with sape mouth and pop eye see the '' apn pop package of noney . soapy : rog J th papers and account book if it be not , I have sure be cyp , . lo aim 's gh in the wot kid = seriously ten , kcid = you doe not know any - not abous a fast ) ? muthint , Rocky , ( continued ) 104 , 256 ( cont , ) bim gulp and just be able to nod he head , then Rocky relax and leugh . rocky : ( continue ) okay eee ( tsice out he wallet fives soapy a small roll of bill ) here ya be , soapy . cut this up any y you like ... aid remembor what io say about guy who talkeee soapy : ( finger the roll of bill } goce , rockyee.e tank ... listen , do not worry about my : ane talkint ... we have 2 squealer wid usc a coupla year bloee . now he be not get any tooth leave ] 1 ses yaina coupla dsy se ( not start out ) fg bockyeee 2576 close sov boy as they crowd about soap thero 's you bill count £ 4 ten pitty oy , my ole he ( cgntinuzd ) 257 ( cent , ) 105 , jing : ( curious - as he try to s¢e soapy 's share ) how much you get , soapyee soapy : , a hunnerdy glare at they '' then ) '' hatsamatter ? gonna make something ! outa it ? sying : 1 no = sure , you desoive it , you be the bos soese EL sayeee what 'a we conna do wid it ? tais be boinin ! a hele right through I hand sooapy : plenty to do = come on , he start cut , the other followi as they come out to the sureet and pass the entrance 4 @pizgle old resro janitor be dozi om a chair next to they line of ashecan , scapy tap he en the shoulder end he wake , blink ( with a S ture 3 > off a ball 7 from bd 1 ) sere ytare , sr tvo year pent i club room , with - five buckse edvance for the the negro blir heir hand in taeir money dissolve to : int , jerry's home lourat cr ik , Jerry be worki as voice in the hell , 106 , 259 ( cont , ) 250 . eé6l , laura' voice : ( with cxcitement ) be Father donncolly in ? ~ I have get to see himse . Jerry remove he read glass , rise , cross to the doore he call out ? jerry ? hello , Laura , come in ~- come in , please se enter , sre be carry ea copy of the afternoon paper , she be worried . LAURA : fathereece jerry : ( glance at she quickly ; note she worry ) here '' here ~ what 's the matter ? LAURA : have you see the psper ? she thrust it into he hand . close siot jerry as he read the headline , he look up slowly , shake , he face line dl worry * e mect Laura 's eyese then he sigh wearily , put the paper on nis desk . close siot avo LAURA do you belicve it , fathcreee ? jerry '' ( slowly ) : T do n'& knovese LAURA ? ( with tecling ) but kidyr 4 can not be ~ it do not seem ky would do that == jlrry 3 ( as beforc ) I hope note . 107 , 261 ( cont , ) ( noddine '' h noe a dg velve , to to stand by of course @ hime phone , j lance i the bic precinct p ag desk 2526 close shot leure stand close to he as he speak into the phone , jerry : lowant the tyso .. street police station . ( there be a pa usc be Father donnelly of che rc about - Rocky 263 . ET , frecinct ? police stati close slot at desk the desk corgcant be on the phone , 254 , jenn¥ ' ! S study vind out there , 2 265 , oo . 108 , ibp , rocky's rgoi closz shot Rocky be stand at the head of the ola brass bode on the cover be see the knob of the post whieh he have roxove . in the hollov brass post he be stuff the moncy and papers there be a knock on the door , Rocky zlanecs up in annoyance , hurry throush he job . there ig another knock , then Jerry 's voico be hear . jerry : Rocky ! can I come in ? rocky : yeah «= just a minute . he quickly replace the knov , grab up a tovel from the bureau , pretend wi he face , and camera paniing with he cross to the door , unlock it , and open it . he smile at Laura ond Jerry . rocky : hello , Jerry = come on ine hello , Laura , they come in , Rocky close the door , close shot three Laura and Jerry resard he intently , relief in the girl 's face , concern in the pricstl LAURA : Rocky - will be terribly worriod about you - lot be a shock to readsse rocky : yeah - youlve beon read the papers , that 's a bad habit to get into , jerry : ( quietly ) se call the policc station , 2676 268 , close shct rocky Ho leok from onc to the othcor with real surprisa , close shot rocky : you do ? a he se , = I ei not have nobody take that much intercst in I = for a long tincere thee jerry : wry should not we be intcrested in you ? ' ie be vour frimd . LAURA : but whet happen , Rocky ? how could they saya thi like thet when you didntt do it pese roche {instantly on the defense + forget for a sorent who that people be ) whatis ib tosvese ? notin : ticir hurt rcaction . rcc ( try to apolocize ) ' question 's nothin ! dope want 1 lau lilo , close shop oerry nn os a . stand by the head of the bed look down at the floor . 270 , close shol floor from Jerry 's angle . ifear the foot of the bedpost be a money wrapper which Rocky , in he hurry , have drop . rociyx vcich : eee30 he phone in a tip that , frazier be snaten , and that 2 sotta hundred hose half - wit fall for you could wink , that reporter splasied it over the front page . wuney 'rs alvay hungry for a storyecee eavl . ciol leot jsray he look up fron the floor and at Rocky . behind the masic of wis face we feel that he imow Rocky be lie -- be sure z around some of the ransom anor account . hochy's voice : * that 's all there be to it . any with a recordee . ya imow how it 2726 closs '' hot rocky : get havle in nov a ! then +- ase they get nothin ! better the thinis of . juorry + - of -factly ) nothing more ut yell , a than that . his erc meet roch but Rocky 's do not waver . roc 5 thanks , jerryeas.sfor vworryint about it . jerry : alen -- I have work I will be gott wait for be ( continu= ) ) to ~ 3 nu ill . ( cont . ) he move to the door , follow by rocicy and Laura , veit a x T want to talk to yous LAURA : all right . ' even , Father . rocky : so long , Jerry . Jerry nod , smile at they , and exit . closs chot LAURA and rocky Rocky turn to she , smile , Laura sit in a old arm chair . rocky : you get a party dress -- some glad - rac , you know -- something ! fancy -- a evenin ! gown ? LAURA : ( smilin weakly ) a very of 1 ] one wee . aucin '' yell , gst 15 on ~- and we will do a little celebratin ' , LAURA : ( pleaset , but curious ) wey «ee what will have be celebrate , Rocky ? rccry : this whole business sa . ( la after all , page everyd itt get on the first from the LAURA : Hoa done see 112 , rocky : smart kid . ( he hesitates a moment , consider she = whether she can be trust and how far ) it be not a snatch . frazier owed I some dough and I make he pay off . 274 , closh ohot LAURA expressionless as she ask he calmly . LAURA : and how do you make they let you go ? 275 6 close shot tad he come over to she , take one of she hand in he , hold it . rocky Laura -- if we be to get along -- the first thing you cotta learn be not to ask too many cquestion seee now , how about gettin ! uress up for tonignt ? 275 gilcsz shot LAURA she look at he steadily for a long monente rocly's voice : tiow long be it sine you have have a good tine , lavra + ? T mean a real food tine ? the unhappiness of year be visible in she eye as she answer slowly . e cotta learn --= ritee cimon - a pause , as she hesitates . it may be wrong = she imow ( contiuucd ) e7c ( conte ) ot v6 no " be a recketeer , a criminal -- thet the money thoy will de end 18 in all probability crooked mon bus it offer a esce have -- and some real fun with ~~ hoe} ee ghe smile LAURA : I hope that old gown hold togetherse diss olve to : bad closiup of Laura in D gambling room of the El gaucho Club . her eve e vide anl she be tingling with excitement . over be coim . the ant scund of the dance orch ~ pottle of chip , the bark of cf ll0 . v-ly revealing as well as she’ roone of the rowlette room Rocky can be as Laura 's eye other woman : tra in the other roou , the the croupicr , etc . we draw cafura uf aressod vor the evenin 29 stand apo ? ohne brilliantly dress woman aad torou , hnout the room . gott tabs a she compare the roowm hu le frock . eprelf now and then , smoothes the be mn exploratory hend over she relieved vhen Rocky churn , car - 3 Rocky ln a scone ifull lance of ner dren , dinner coat . nere '' ia y you luck , ( continu ) py £ 20 ( cont . ) sure . but be interrupt by blacky , they turn to the to there 18 no affection in the ywno core up to ree : look between they . blacky : the boss went to lnow if youtll step into the office rocky : { innocently ) thots the bass ? < to Laura ) a crack at the wheel , for a I will be wright back . LAURA : rass ) . rocky : ( with e nat and a smile ) win some money , babs . he follow blacky off , leave hor stand at the table . 2ole close ot betveon the other player . she curiovst , add to she out the win clayer start make ion , Laura risk next to Laura give Laura , angere , ‘istribut 5 chip see back at the s301 spin , Laura terribly excited . they bet . a fe : chip she a anus the bos &o ee minute 's tae bal 115 . 2824 int , kekfer be ol fice mo . siot keefer and frazier be present ; they have give rock : a highball which he be twirling in he hand , seemingly absorb in the swirl ics -cube . ksepfer : eee an! seein ! as how Jim owed you the dough ~- a ! it all be kinda a misunderstandin ! -- we decide to call it savare = all around . with no hard feelin'seas '' ( with significance ) . ' specially now that you be in the know on thing ees rocky : ( look up - a half smile on he lip ) you suy want to talk business ? keefer : yeah rocky ; kay . lett talk . 283 6 close shot kesper and prazizex they exchange a look . prazi look hore , Rocky -- t about that account you take from my safe ? 284 . clos2 ohot group favcrivg rocky rocky : I figure t as a kind of insurance ya imovw , just in case you fellow change you mind , keeper : ( coldly ) okay . ' hedda you want , Rocky ? a ? 3 '' rogly : ( pleasantly ) nothin ! fr i ( th ina hard , '' just the ecment between frazier a ! mrss =~ 50 % of he share in eve lagrrati ay 8 lib . ( conte ) keefor lock up at frazier . frazier hesitates , then slowly nod . frazier : all right . rocky : ( to frazior ) an! ttll take sood care of that account an! = would not try any more tric} frazierecs ( to keefer ) eee oy a bump , itid be kinda fool - ish - tcause I be givin ! they book some special attention . fe take a sip of the drink , put it dowm on the desk . keefer : if it 's a deal between you suy -- it 's a deal -- just like it be on paper . that 's I , Rocky e# I do thing legal . rocky : ( arily ) yean es . so J notice . fie rise and leave . int . gambling room 47 rouletve table have doonstrate that there be such a thing as gimner 's luck . she have a huge stack or chip before she and a number of people at the table be watch as sha make she play . the wheel spin . she watch it with excitement , recky come up behind she , look one the ball fall into a slot . croupier : twenty -four -- black . lavra be on it . sho get she stack of chi notice Rocky . rocky : look like you have dene all right . ; h I st '' bis en ty arene ' snead . I have bean must be al ( continued ) liv. 235 ( coni. ) rocky yea cuck a chip you must be . I would say youtd win about a thous - and dollar for yourselr , LAURA 3 ( she mouth fall pen ) five dollar - a chip se . ! rociv : yeah ... wanna quit and cance ? LAURA : ( she can hardly speak ) vesecscaee gleascesseeee let ! s.reane Rocky take the chip . rocky : I will cash that in for yous they walk off together , Laura repeat incredulously . LAURA five dollar «we . a chip {br lessly ) Rocky sae if I would have imown that , I would have faint . 255a6 int. club room clocd trucking G shot of Laura and Rocky as dance , she be sterry - eye . he look down et she fondlye rocky : like this place ? lagra : +e terful.e 204 hog ioown a piece of it . she look up ab he in surpri she start to question nim , then she smile - shake she head . LAURA : Ho ee. i've learn wy leeson see no questionse rocky : ( they dance for a moment - then ) ( cow muss ) 113 , 225a ( cont . ) ; rocky : ( cont . ) sow would vou like to give up that two - cent job at yours anu take a job here ? LAURA : tere ? rocky : sure ee. why not ? , LAURA ! but -= what -- what would I do ? rocky : be a sort of hostess in the gambling roome walk around in a nifty dress - play a little - set the crowd play - ing . give you a hundred a week and exdense nee 2266 close shot LAURA she look at he with sonflisote emotion : wonder = worry -- wernting very much to say " yea " , tt would mean the end of all lier worry and trow ple + would be a end to all she year of str le , deep down , another voice tell she it 's not rix but the voice fader . c's voice ; {a slight pause - he continue to s¢ll she ) you would not have to worry es . it 's a swanky , rich crowdee . then , I would be around to kesp a eve on yous 2576 close shot two rocky : besice , I need at least one friend in this place , he do not get a answer , nor doos he need ono . she lean she head on he shoulder as they dance off . fade out , 2836 . 2896 2906 119 . fade in close shot several dollar bill on the edse of a nool table . a hand cone in with another dollar bill , put it on the otherse youucc hanger -out ' voice : another buck you do not make itt - so4 py' voice : I take it , wise guyeese camera draw back to : close two shot soapy and the other soapy : ( continue ) ee. and anudder buck ya make a lousy beta camera draw further back to : mo . close shot tht . pool=7.00 m a large group of n hborhce boy be gather around the almost unreco able tric - soapy , bim and swing they be now all attircd in brand - nev , flashy clothes : exaggerated , pacide shoulder tight waist line , bell - bottom nant , patent ~ 1e be shoe , tight lmot on they loudly color tie sayninst flashy silk shirt , New hat ata vakish angle complete the picture of vest - pocket edition of drug-store cowboyse be boy , typical hangers= lis he cue vith a on the floor in a civcle crovwis in closer , amo the group be several of on und a paoleroo prot eesional manner a big-leasue fashion , the a I pot four bit yanna bett 1206 290 ( conte ) 201 2026 eid hanger «ou : put up , or shut up -- monkey | sytug : avright -- I take it he throw a half dollar on the table with a grand gesture bin : ' att ta stuff , swing . show this palockas who 's heret close shot of three or four of the admire young boy as they watch swing remove he coat , carefully fold it , and toss it to a chair , 1st younger boy : criminy $ thatls five buck they get on 'a ganet 2d younger boy : where would dey get ali and dough ? SRD younger boy : dey must to rob a hank or sumpint t ned . shot bim turn to the boy engrily . bin : Close you vap op welll rob the cradle , punk the boy shut up obediently as swine make he shote close shot table for aifficult shot as sving make it with ease hed , shot group swing pick up the moneye ( continued ) £ 94 ( conte ) 121 , sutmg : ( the center of apmire eve ) hot badt it buck we makee so I old woman woik aftmost a week for thatt as one of the older boy prepare to shoot , sonny look off , call . . solpy : hey , wash -- where ! 's at do sheet ? a gavky negro youth , work in the place , toss a race sheet to he over the head of the other and move in to he table . the pool game progress during the follow scene . soapy I be bettin ' on Sea F across the bourd , be -- straight bil : aw - he aintt no muddert one of the hanger - on cone un to soanye look , kid -- I you in onnoe . solpy : get avey from I , you toutl hanger -on : awright - if you do not wanta tipeec.e bin : ( very bigeshot - ish ) screw , burt mage : you wanta make this race , vou onn af y get & minuteec . swing : so let tem wait bi : torri =- tyro buck for shove put mine on 4 for nlace «+ what kinda ( minic 3 e- tre for show ? tis that ? two for 1226 204 ( conte 1 ) dili : ( shany ) awright +- make it five to wink swing : itm wid soapye hsh 's tone yousall win , kid . ( erin 5 winnah busy I a sweepstake , huh , soapy ? solpy : gtvan =- get that bet place before will sweep you outa nere on you beant wash : ( high negro laughter ) 2956 mod , shot at door as more boy cmtinue to entere there ore now at least fifty or sixty in the roote 296 , mo . shot at tllle 4 & newcomer edge up to svinge boy : '' here !d ya heist all the dough , swing ? we write to Claus a ! when woe wake up this mornin ! , we find it in we socket the boy scream with laughtere r97 ext , pool-room '' shot four or five kid one boy , panting , be secon run tovard the poolsroott tellin : they : boy : ya oughtn sce tent they sot all nev , el cuag =~ ant deytre ttrowin!t money sround like nothint , 295 6 eid '' 3006 id , shot he. poolshoort the game he be suspend while they ali listen greod - ily to the loudspeaker , as a cormontator describe the paco '' comlent .tor's voice : ee. they be comin ! round the bend now -- look at that old Sea foam -' hold two langth ee . ( a yell from soany ) but theret mesber six e- itt wind - storm croepin ! up -- look at that baby com cee bin : ( yell ) come on , baby == come on , windstormt swing : hold it , Sea foam -- hold 'at lead , or itll brain yet comment . tor be voice : vtre on the home stretch noveee windstorm one lun behind «- windstorm pay twenty . on geee what a race -- wor $ thoret a spilless yho be ite .? it 's number three - White - cap -- lool ot tem boseeee as the boy yoll with excitement - close shot ext , back alley 4 boy , ome of thoso we have see in the choir , be yell up to another on the roof of a tenemente roy : 3 pool-roont soanr ant ax g musta fall inta a nile '' sutaresis . doy're throwin ! spoun ! the dourhe . , eae ovoy at wipe to : ext . another alley & fight be in progress ; sone thaece boy be tangle with four other , 4 boy come run in to then , unmindful of the fight . heo yollse ( continued ) 124 , 300 ( conte ) 301 . s02 e 3056 boy : soapy get ahold and about a million aollarsee . hico 's spendin ! it over at murphyt =-+ 7 givin ! out free beer ant preotuclsee the fight cease instantly , i11 the boy take off for muprdht ! see vipe to ; int . " store " hed , shot 4 . few boy be practice basket - ball and two or three other be wrest on a mate by comparison to the previous crowd of boy in though " store " , it be definite that there be a very scanty represcntation near the front of the store , most of the boy be run up to and listen to several other boy who have just run in , panting . ' the boy play basket - ball give up they game and run over , the several boy all speak at once . boy : soapy -- load down wid mazumat Murphy 's pool - roomt winnint on de trackt no kiddint 4 dey muste rob a bankt free beer dey're passin ! outt Boy -- be doy big shotst T fl new classy dud »« wid bell= bottom free beert evervytting on de house l let 's posee they scremble out , several of the boy in basket - ball short start scramble into they clothes , close shot as two boy try to nut on the sane pair of pants at the same time . one sock the othor - he sock back , they grab at the pent furiously end in thoir oxcitement , begin to rip then aparte close shot dherluce of tum " store " as Jerry enterse Ho look around boy be just gesh out . the pass he , mumble , in surprise , two they pace as they ( continued ) p no or e 303 ( cont , . ) 504& — boy : ' lo , fathcree howtya , fathcreee erry : ( confuse ) wherotre you boy go ? bor : welll be right back eo . they run . truck fornard vith jerry as he walk into the room . he glance at the boy struggle with the pants , one give up , scursh for he orm pants . Jerry cone tinuc on to one boy , who be still shoot the basket= ball . jerry : mickey , what 's up ? wherot every= body ? mickey : atron doy all wont over to lurphyl pool=rocme jerry : ( anxiously ) what ? whatts over there today ? mickey : soapy , bim ant sving , dey're over there =~ treatin ! everyoody -- ttrowint a big spread jerry : ( not comprehond ) treating everybody ? mickey dey get hold to some ita beat lt over mesel ? , lut I be on da out wie that bunch e» ant zt wontt go lielcint sround ++ not I , he shoot for a basket . close shot jerry as he stand thou , become more detorr tful for a moment , then he fcature mo , and he start out . s066 307 '' 126.4 D. shot from he angle the boy again around the pooletable , noisily pleying and betting . red , shot jerry there be just a flash of snnoyanec and anger in he face eas he start forward , 4s not pass a couple of adult ehearpy , one of they lool at he in surprise , e - what run a maybe deytre toin Sunday school eas ais into a pe nm they both laugh . Jerry ignore thom ; continue forward . group shot solpy 2d suing ili-pool , with tro older boy , callow youth of und ninetcon , i411 the rest src thered about , intently . derry be see look over the head of the boy in front of he , soapy be about to play of aifficult shot . suing : make it nov , soany itts the money ball , itts to buck if have win ses 's the shot and though older youth , grumble , ap cach to sonny and swing , boy : noy , soany ee. you promise we anothcr round of leer if you woneess ( chorus of approval soap : ( trimmhantily ) okay ee . $ 0 out and bring another casc eee sifl ' ? this bolognoyt the boy start rush oute sug 6 to skot ac soapy pick up the moncy , bim whisner to hime dik : sey , sonapy eee thore 'ts pather jorryee 3080 , ned . shot ld table there be a omburrasscd silonec as Jerry faco the boy , seapy , Bin ond swing regerd hum with hostile oyese sone of the other bow show they annoyance at the intorvup= tion some shov cmbarrassnont . the older kenger - on regard he with frank resentment . jorry smile and assume a caasu manner , but it be a straine jerry : ving a party , soapy 2 solpy : yoaohe jerry : invite ? ( thore be no enswer ) ¥hy contt you hive it over at the store ? . everybo solpy : ' Cause wetre havint it heros jerry : how nbout the eanc today ? ( soapy do not answor =. Jerry addivoess a fow of the young boy ) jrentt you fellow go ever to get it start ? 302 close siot the boy they squirm in ombarrassmont , hach look «at though other ; then one - off they breatss though silence sure , patheor just want to see what be go on here ( to a fow other ) moon , barney == cimon , Lou =~ 's get over to the storce 128 , 510 . clos # Si croup some encourarted , Jerry turn to other boyse sorry $ how sbout you ellow ? fs he grese st they epposlinsly , they turn end lool : to - werg soevy , Sea verry , the refore , curn too sponse in sor»y 's chill é ts flesh aeteun + poveek smile ousiy ) now about it , sonpy ? turn to the adult boy apy , efter a so nefit °3 loudly sosapy mow to tye , lite to double 'at bet on dis shot , schmegegie ? adult boy : see it 's ep dete go thead , pur crowd pack phout , erter to see the shot «se ad no excited . oll . close sot es the cue from his free the hand 2 ole . " D. slot they look up et Jerry in surprise , tle the cve down on you go ' oo I dunno lmow wha aboute ( continued ) 129 , Teen 's let you around here ( they stare et he - then slowly ) if you meke I =~ £ 111 be force ad to have this place close un . 3136 close shovt solpy and 2 they lerd face stereo i rebelliously . solpy : fwright -= so ws fund anovher jointé c146 closs shot plvore jarry his enzer be rouse '' bue he hold it in check , know any show of anger would only clie : ce the boyse gerry $ sosy - you fet spend ? fea wey and the oh eventually face remain sullen , a sbellious . buc they a sli. 318 , 166 519 , 1 do , close 8:07 croup jerry : not ) 3 to other at the 1a cll onte ( continu det * 's clos= siot tevoring sof py 40d bor there be n moment 's silence . ‘hen sorcpy spork , tersoly , defic ry eyo out one of to 'ga tter couldnt : you cet fem the heaven fou eee ? it 's the lest strrw to Jerry . he turn to the £ 0 8 vopercut , knock to the floor . stride oute dissolve to : mo , shot i , sorry be hu ey as jorry he troubl hes a pox»li} novice some iil quickly ; then open lkin= towerd he study , ferture be reilect vend , which and cloud D. suct 2 a qo erry cross to d ing a hervily - score s21 . lvssrt : x , you , roel , rook ts balloon rea dai 's t heopen nit not for knock on the door , oyer scene , D. shop jerry as he look wp absentmindedly and call . jerry Cone ing fot elderly woman - Jerry 's housekeeper = enter , prs . patrick : come paether see be sou by oped and she hrend a lerse up in think , smile lerve quietly . win nod seo close sio ? jerry itorinal , put he atten - sackece he hes just envelone and open sn ordinery envelope m note , 4s he start mee , perplex = as he svert tion ena curio place on i fill with read the 9 @ pry s24 . ivsert : ose lind $ 10,000 motion por you future ber , goce luck , oes . s256 woe " pen ch desl a fa a portion ox it be cover by the sge of bil ( of portion of the erb , ) 's 52 % 6 insert : fey rt Jerry 's hend CO ! so tist he cen 328 , close sot barn or donetione end stert tissclve tc : 300 ol9 24 docl streed '' not ( conte ) & sing ~ x eee like lecttle suocet strelt wate t lacey , leura eo ? yes a get a new job es . I do not have to work half so many hour ee. and I '' 4 betcer noye jerry : tart 'ts splendid , iad you get it ? a new job es leurge how qa lrure be confuse , as she try to evoid Jerry 's search - ing , enxious look , l' un : you see =- rocig get i ae {then she ston suddenly - pwk - rdly ) L : . tes over at the hl grucho Club . eee olvice nowe . woll , 's I will put this bundle vy heavy . will not I , eae socn tos T es , I be as he turn to lesve '' LED , scv 2 bl guero club uall , vrivate reoii ) close shot blackie . be to leeve and show verction to Jerry 's ine c : presence in thi . ploed piss vo decor with hh o2 he leave 5 ck to Jerry , feel rether uncomfortable gliese surroundings , but never ~ i e88 cuprlouse in t} entér be ispinst the wall be a '' ll t e eelucl : cege , jorry eress to this as though door open when you ( come lorvwer zoncy eee a sot tho rocky : vorosa ) diese vod wheretd you ee nold of rll that ? '' oad thents ese but id IL can not accent it . ( quietly ) wothet , tocky aee and that 's L b lmco 4 cake ite rocky : woe come down to earth you in hore flesh i & roll imock not over , it 's no dough t ok a dont close s2:07 close su0t FL VOF 13 % . v0 I sew floo in you oon yosterdny .s iknow you forecd fra nier to cot you a hundred thousand doller oes the ( notice newspaper in he everybody !mow bolognoy see jorry nm just look at oach other cesture , exclainsay aiff ' pirst ed tter of it than shot , but et , only you mp , thetty just ib , noe 541 , 3424 close shot % shot 138 , close shot rocky rocky : ( sore ) aw ees dontt be such a angel use if you want to tuild that Center of yours so bad ... get it start , jerry jerry : I want to build it very padly , Rocky , but I do not want it build on rotten foundation eo ( then seriously - determinedly ) now listen , carefully , Rocky - I want you to understand I . I know you think I be just a stubborn jack - ass - a sort of a holier - than - thou - reformer - a sentimental idealist . you be right . I have be ... all of that . but no more , Rocky see two rocky : othink he have Jerry win over ) that 's the idea '' 4 , get down to brass tack . do not be a sucker , jerry '' exactly . I think I covld solve my problem , which ... after all , be the problem of my boy , from the bottom up . Bet I can n's . I have rot to do it from the t wo J tis a t it be not it never sail be , in - will be clean , but on the on theytll be surround by the stinking corruption , ¢crine and criminalst 544 , close shot rocky he stiffen at this , but Jerry continue relentlessly . jerry's voice : ( continue ) yes - criminal , Rocky ces 3456 close shot two jerry : ( continue ) eee yourself include ] criminal on all side for my boy to leok up to and worship , admire and imitate . what earthly good be there for I to teach that honesty be the best policy ».«. when they sce all around that dishonesty be the better policy w= that the racketeer and gangster be resrect and treat just like successful business man - like a popular hero ? you and the frazier and keefer and all that corrupt official you have get in the palm of you hand ... you have cot my boy , too , a atever I teach they - you sho upl you show they the easiest way - the quick way to succeed be to do it witha fun or a racket ] rocky : {slowly - cynically ) well , it 's so , be not it ? 346 . close shot jerry jerry + h profound feel ) yes soe 's so , God help we oes but itm not co to try to cure a cancer '' pill and plaster eee I be 2 to try to tear it up by its onous poot . 140 , 547 , close shol two rocky : . yeah ... ? how ? jerry : {he hold a slight pause ~ then decisively ) Rocky ».. I be go to use you case as a crowbar to pry open and uncover this mess , I be go to force the law ~ corrupt or not ~ to indict and prosecute and bring this stink into the clear light of day , ' here 's go - ing to be a lot of people step on ee , and if you be in the way , Rocky eo itll be sorry se . but youtll be step on just as harde a long pause -- then again they eye meet in silence , Jerry expect Rocky to snarl some cynical retort , but instead he slowly smile - rather boyishly , rocky : okey by I , Jerry . go to it ese 3548 , close shot rocky rocky : ( continue ) you have as much chance to get a indictment as I have to get into the Bible Society . you will find no - body give a hoot atout the whole thing . you will hear ' tem laughin ! at you ees . but go to it -~ and if I be in the way , why - go ahead and do you steppin ! hard as you like , b49 close shot two . ° jerry : I will , Rocky see ( then suddenly he extend he hand ) ese for be nonest ... and for old time 's sake , they shake quietly . Jerry turn to leave - then stop and , in a softer tone , ( continued ) 549 ( cont . ) 141 . jerry : ( continue ) there 's only one favor I want to ask , Rocky «+. and I can not pro - mise to return it in any way «ee rocky : spill 1b eee jerry : it 's soapy and that other kid , give they a treak -~ do not give tem any more money , and de not cncourage they to see admire you see rocky : ( smile good - naturedly ) sure , Jerry e+ . I will do that «eee canera hold on he , look after Jerry , fade out , 350 . 551 fade in a ground glass door upon which be lettere : " managing editor -- the bulletin " dissolve through to : int . office managing editor angle shot Jerry be seat across the desk from the munage editor . ee be speak earnestly , with great sin - cerity ; but the editor be obviously ill at ease , jerry : eo» this man -- this graft official this gangster who be becom popular heroes «- this thief , murderer and kid - napper who walk the street in freedom -~ all of they must be . clean out if we be to save the youth of we city from be teach that the quick way to succeed be to go outside of the law by the pun and the racket sea because that 's what they be be - ing teught ! he pause , the manage editor rerard he unmove . Jerry throw down on tre desk the cartoon and editor - ial we see before , jerry 's Force the prosecution of Rocky Sullivan for the kidnap of frezier -- and exnese the whole rotten corruption see he finish and watch the editor as the latter stud - iously regards lis pencil for a moment ; then look up mg . editor + Father connelly -- I would like to help you -- I really would . but oes ( short nause ) eee due weld nover vet avay with it . Tre organization be too powerful to fi itesse as he talk , we - superimpose : 143 % 552 . close shot anovher glass dour . which read : " managing editor -~ the record " dissolve through to : 3534 close shot another angle office of " the record " Jerry face another manage editor as the latter eontinue through the dissolve as if the conversation be a continuation of the preceed speech : . record editor : ees weld only be stick we head into the basket , besides theretre we advertiser to consider . some of we biggest account be influ - ential in politics will . as he talk , we - superimpose : 354 . close shot glass door on which be lettere : " managing editor -- the cerowicle '' dissolve through to : 3556 close shot uronicle office as pefore , Jerry face the third editor ; he conversa - tion come through the dissolvc as if a continuation chronicle editor : and polity be not a healthy 8 to fool with -~ I be with undre percent -~ mis - but as for ae 3 erned -- I do not sce much dissolve to : 356 . 357 . 144 , close shot a office door which be lettere - " norton J , white publisher the moruing fress " dissolve through to : int , large office mo . shot the office be meh larger and furnish in much more 's luxurious style than the other we have see , White , the publisher , who be face Jerry across he large , period desk , be also a different type of man than the editor , ne be gray-haire , dignify ; fine type of mane he look at Jerry for a moment , in deep think . . white : you know , of course , what you be ask of I ? jerry ! ( wearily ) I know exactly ... the other papers have go to creat length to ex - plain the risk to I , white youtll go into the figh person - ally -- devote you full time to it ? jerry : there 's nothing else I want to do more , there be a moment 's silence as the onsider the matter . presently - a wiite : very well , vr connelly -- itm with you . Tre " Press " will back you to the limit . he rise , extend he hand . Jerry srasp it warrly . ws thank you , lir . dissolve to : ao a will 359 , s6le a newspaper zoom up to the camera , shot 145 , of a seric of shot show the activity of the publisher and the pricst . pirst : " priest declare war on underworld " Civic corruption charge wipe to ; another newspaper zoom up " sullivan investigation demanded " pather conkelly denounce district attorney wipe to : " PRESS " CITY room in feverish activity . CITY rditor' desk City editor : ee» Kennedy -- I want the inside on frazier and keefert bank account , I do not care how you get the dope but set it es . ( to another reporter ) hap , I want to lnow everything we ean find out about frazier before he come to this town -- if he be ever mixcd un with Sullivan before , the lidt off on exponse see {to still anothe ory Jenkins , go back the police file and find out how many of keefer 's man ce be sprung since frazier move i dissolve to : the music build through the headlinos road ; 364 . 146 . another sewspaper . as it zoom up ; in a large , heavily border square on the front nace there be a editor al by White , the headline read : " dhe PRESS endorse connelly be fight to exd crime dictatorship " dissolve to : ext , CITY STREET soving shot as a press delivery truck speed through the city street , stop at a corner to toss cff a load of papers . a large banner ocross the truck read : bad father connelly's ' youth of today ! iw the fress " , dissolve to : int . broadcasting room ned . shot Jerry , suvrounded by 2 group of other people who ap - pear to be 's the leader of civic club , be before the microphone , oroadeast , jerry : ese gangsterdom subsist loday upon the sntell judicious use of graft ! wipe out the gangsterdoni shod , we take a long ster forvard in protec - ting the youth of we citic ] dissolve to ; efpect shot of a series of handbills es they fill the screen . this be anno ing of women ! assccia ton , c ete , on ms of this , path ily be arnounce ab speaker on other , pu the . the name of Rocky , frazier and keefer be conspicuous . phlutter up to and rcernent of meet - vic protection body , dissolve to : seg . 367 . 147 , newspaper pull page ad which read : " giant Mass meeting tonight hinth artillery armory 8 o'clock it be you duty as a citizen to attend " principlo speaker pather jerome connelly sponsor : the " Press " , the Civil liberty League , the better gove ernment leasue , the parent - teacher Association , the childt Welfare Bureau , the womant Association , the businessmens ' Union , and the League of church , the paper be hold in a man 's hand , and we draw camera back to : int . EL caucho club cambling room close shot it be early in the evening and the club have not yet open for business . in the b can be see the eroupier ard attendant get ready for the night 's business . seat at the table be Rocky , frazier and laure ; the latter in a beautiful evening cowm . frazier toss the paper to the table with a angry gesture Rocky grin at it . laurat expression show she concern . frazier : that 's a great boy-frion youltve gotl rocky : ( grin as he read the paper ) you gotta hand it to he . het makin ! more noise and a drunken bollcr-makerl ! 148 , 3656 closer shot pavorirg frazier as he lean forward , angrily . frazior : listen , Rocky -- and get this into you head , this be no penny - ante reform this priest be ctirring up . he 's start e whole tidal - wave -- and we have get to do something about it -- and do it quick , or welll all find ourselves in the pen } 369 , close shot rocky as he eye frazier coldlye rocky : yeah ees ? what ose ? 3706 close shot three . frazier : shut he up ! buy he of ft het interested in slun clearance , a reercation center ror that kid -.- and all that hooey . all right --+ wetll give it to he . welll give he everything he want «- on a sil - ver plate ] 371 . close shot dpavortng rocky he stare at frazier coldly , contemptuously , . rocky you dontt get the ide frazier . maybe you never meet a straight shooter before -- but you be gattin ! a load of one now ( rise ) Jerry 's no mug , see , and you can not buy he off ses ( peta Laura on shoulder ) be right back , babe . BT Le mo . shot eas Rocky move off , down the room , frazier watch he go . 149 . s736 closs shol LAURA / nd prazler she lean forward nervously . LAURA : do you think there 's any danrer aos for they to cet Rocky for -- kidnap ? frazier : ( turn to she and , as he look at she , get en idea - slowly ) danger ? ( sarcastically ) they '11l drag out every count in the penal code against he . they will throw the whole book at he , LAURA : ( anxiously ) then it mean ».». & long prison term for he ? frazier : ( crisply ) life he let this sink in for a moment , enjoy she horrify reaction . then - frazier 's and it 's he own friend that 's handin ! it to hinsee what 's he do it for , anyway ? what 's he want ? all I can find out be he went to tear down the slumseae Ali right , wefll ci he the money to build some swell playground and ¢lub -= house for the kidse .. whet more do he want ? wrat '!s he get to sain by send -- ing Rocky up for lifceee , or to the chair , maybe ? s746 close shot LAURA tremendously move as she realize the consequence of tre priest 's campaign to Rocky ++ with whom she now find herself in love LAURA : ( almost inaudibly } no - 5 no «= he must not oes trazt la' voice : iglly 's a friend of yours , too , he ? ( continued ) 150 . 374 ( cont . ) LAURA : ( nodd } yes see 375 , glose shot two prazier ?: 5766 3776 3784 well , why do not you go to see he ? show he what he 's do to rockyess and toll he what we be willing to ao eee : close shot LAURA we see she 1s decide sho must talk to Jerry . . dissolve to : int . jerry's study close shot jerry he be scate before the smell fireplace , in which a fire be burn , he be woary , he face be line with worry . he listen to Laura who il face he ( out of shot ) , LAURA : vee gnd they will give you everything you ask , Father -»* money to build a model Center here , near you church -- they influence to help you get law that will pull down the tene - ment and build decent apartment in they place eee during she specch , the camera have drawn back to : mo , close shot two Jerry stop she with a woary wave of he hand , LAURA : ( continue ) but be not this the thing you want , pather ? : terry : no , Laura , I do not want ... bribe . 3796 5806 381 . 3826 she break down and sob . gerry rise around to she , put he hand on she eh and stend by here 151 . close shot LAURA she look at he , know she have not move he , mer eye moisten and she speak with more emotion , LAURA : but do not you understand what you be do to Rocky ! youlre 's send he to prison for life } you can not do that to rockyl close shot jerry . he look at she with sorrowful eye , shake he head glose shot LAURA LAURA ? ( continue ) we have get to stend by nim , Father eee you say that yourself ... it 's net he fault -- he be just a kid who make a mistake and get send up to ea reform school -= and they make a criminal out of he ] but he 's not bad , Father -- not really bad } you know that ese close shot two Jerry regards she sorrowfully ; he be visibly move and jerry : ( softly ) I know eee LAURA : and no matter what they have do to he -- no matter whet he be now +=» we both love he , Father eee slowly , come ider for a re , return thon he pace the floor a fav ( continued ) 152 . 382 ( cont .) jerry '' yes , Laura ~- have love he , I have love he since we be kid six year old eo ( vith emotion ) we work together --+ fight to -+ gether -- and we steal torether $ {a shgrtd pause ) I do not bieme Rocky for what he be today «= {he quote softly ) " but for the Grace of God , there walk I , " ( more earnestly ) I would do anything in this world to help he -- I would give my life for he , if that would helpe ( as Laura look up ) but it would not , Laura , there would still be this .«. other boy -- this boy whom I do not want to see grow up like Rocky gia , I can not sacrifice all of they for rockye they have life too , leure «~ end I can not throw they awayee ( with grcat emtion ) Zgantt soo $ Laura do not answer , there be a silence for & moment , the priest continue the struggle with himself , seray : please try to understandee . it be not a question of Rocky --+ or of playground or modern anartment . , it 's much deepor than that , it 's eanatter of destroy the condition thet make Rocky whet he be oee he break off , too move to continue , after a moment , laure rise , Jerry turn to she , put he hand on she arm . jerry $ ( continue ) Laura -- ploase come elong with I tonight . perhaps it will help you understandere eer eye t hiss ; there be 's look of understanding between th '' she nod . dissolve to : s856 3e4 585 . s866 3876 3886 3896 153 ~ 2xt . a large hall full shot the ontrance be brilliantly light and a great crowd of pcople arc enter . across the entrance be large benner ennounce the mass meeting dissolve to ; int . hall ( possibly stock shot ) the huge room be fillod to overflow . Tho murmur of thousand of voice fill the room . mo . shot platform seat on it be several dozen people , head of the var= ious sponsor organization . White , the publisher , come forward , the crowd quict . mo , close shop white write : lady and gentleman -~ I give you the principle snyaker of though éven - ing -- fathor jeromo connelly Jerry come forward , he be give a tremendous ovation , he bow , smilese close shot rear row where Laura be seat , tear glisten in she eye as she listen to the tumultuous applause . full shot the audience on its foot , applaud . close so? jerry unable to speek for the epplause . he bowse dissolve to : 3904 3 9 154 . int . private card room close shot Radio pancl and loud-speaker scot modernistically into the wall flanking the bar . Jerry 's voice cen be recognize come over the speaker , one can sense that he speech be be brondcast from a large placo , by the reverberation of he voico , and especially latcr , when the applauss of ten of thousand of people be hear . jerry's voice : eeeand the visible fact that you be present tonight ond that count . less thousand be listen ineee be proof to fling in the tecth of that cynic and skeptics that though public doc care = and do propose to do somcthing about though appall condition I have triod to describe tonight see ( grcat applause ) mo . shot rocky , frazier and keefer seat cn high stool about the small , semi-circular bar , which be highly modern in trcatment ( possibly construct entirely of dark transparent glass ) . on the bar be a tray contein a decanter of whiskoy , siphon and ico . they arc drink highball as they listen attentively to Jerry 's broadcast . keefer chew viclously at a unlight cigar while he scowl into he drink , frazier nervously light one clgarstte with another . only Rocky scem to be at ease . in fact , in he expression can be detect a faint gleam of pride at the effectiveness of he palt speech , jerry's voice : ( continue ) eeeind do nat doubt thst we effort so far have not strike fear and panic into the cess - pool of officiel and near-official corruption . keeper '' ( srunt ) sure -- I be shakin ' like a leafse ( continued ) s9l ( cont , } jerry's voice : ( continue ) this very eftcrnoon it be approach with a sufarecontod pronerition -- 4 bribe of red mo by this corrupt officieldom - one hundred thousand dollar for the building end cquip» ment of a reer ion center in my parish -- if I would egree to refrain from further attack if I would sabotage this mass meeting - if I would shut my eye , stop my car and hold my tongue 3926 close shot as Rocky glance at keefer and frazier inquiringly . jerry's voice : ( continue ) «+ fut the building of a isolate playground the shicld my bey from erine fs not root out the crime itself , it would be only a palliative -- not a cure , we must go further then tomporary remediesa -- we must rid curselve of the oriminal parasite that feed cn we -- we must wipe out that we have ignorantly clect and that who control and manipulate this disease officialdom behind lock door , es . we must cease encourage we youth to crime by the glorification of criminal in high office who flag - rantly disobey every lew and flagrantly get avey with it } ( great applause ) 3936 another angle Jerry 's voice continue come over , the follow gielogue be speak through it , the radio speech serve only as a mute beckground : ( continued } 293 ( cent . ) 594 6 rocky : see ya tricd to buy he offe .. I tell ya you be wastin ! you time , frazicr ! keefer : we be not wastin ' any more time } that be that guy 's last chance , we be gonna teko care ofchim tonight '' rocky : you be talkin ! through you hat } you can not bump off a pricst .e he 's not one of you mube ese forget ith keefer 's sure -- if1l forgst it t'morrow morning when he 's floatin ! ' down the river ! now get this straight , Sullivan ! even if he be nan old pal of yours -- itm still runnin ! the work . I be not ' takin ' ! order from you , all of a suddon see 1566 jerry voice : tonight we heve in we power to ask definitely incriminate question of this offictalsse . and the power to demand satis - factory answer , what really be the truth in the case of the racketeer and gunman -' Rocky Sullivan ? why do the polico release he so suddenly with all the evidence they have pile up against he ? why do the not - orious Mac keofer pay Sullivan $ 100,000 in cash as ransom , and what political sword do he hold over the tremble head : of district sttorney , judge , end police official ? why do the prosecutor 's office refuse to investigate ws . ? but to - morrow the new Grand jury will meet , and this question must be answer , therefore , Task the public . to pass the follow - ing resolution address to the grend jury : " that we demand a immediate indictment of Rocky Sullivan , together with a com - plete investigation of everyone connect with this travesty on justice , and a probing into the nefarious activitics of all the ec kecfer and James frazier in this crime ride communityl " ( tremendous applause , whistling , cheer = a ovation ) keefor angrily reach over and click off the radio . close shot group keefer turn angrily to rockye he be not gonna keefer ! appear at no Grand jury tomorrow -~ shootint off he mouth} it tonight I say he get hocky - ( he oye hard ) not as long as I be aroundeese ( continued ) 394 ( conte ) 5950 3966 157 . frazier : ( quickly sense the danger of the argument get out of bound ) now == wait -= both of you , there 's no sense in run ahead of we - solvese group shot ( favoring frazier ) keefer st art to retort but frazier place a quieting hand on he arm ~- and press firmly , while he continue calning Rocky , cleverly frazier : ( continue ) lieybo we dontt have to go that fer - , do not forget , we» ( smile cunningly ) theretre ell kind of Grand jury ... and there be all kind of way to handle they . keefer relaxcs = and Rocky calm dovm by take a drink , truck shot he pass Rocky , es he start out . ash F corner of the bar , he hoar frazier : ( continue no sense go off the handle , Mac , that 's what you have get I fore . if a thing can be do legelly , why toke 2 chancege ? keefer '' . sure = only I wanna sce some action I do not care how we stop that guyece Zi oonly want he stoop -- thatts alle rocky : oletyeee fix it any way you 's like see but forget the rough stuff , mace that 's oute ( he step off the stool and finish he d# ink ) see ya later a ntinue to the door , slen , sround the out of they line of vi azier say : I 3 or ( continued ) 1585 396 ( cont . ) frazier be voice : do not worry nbout it , mate . itvo get a idee how to stimoy that Grand juryeee that priest will not get to first bas cacere 597 % close shot rocky as he reach the door , he expression show we he suspicion . he glance back to make surc he be not see , open and slam the door shut , without leavinge 398 , wider shot as he duck behind the arch , open on the small combination cont- room and vanity - room ( for woman guest ) and which , in the beg , lead to the back of the bare 3995 another angle ( with rocky in f.g. ) in a moment he secs frazier walk quictly to the door '' open it to make sure that Rocky have go - closo it , end then return to keefer at the bar , 400 , close shot rocky as he remoin freeze , listen intently to frazier 's and keefer 's quict voleese keeper' voice : I hope you wear stallint buforésis fesuse I mean what I saldse . < 0l . two shot keeper and frazier frazier : of course , iwas . now listen , macese here 's the wey I figure it , connelly , be first cf all Rocky 's old pal . second , bet a priestess ksefser ? so what ? 1596 4026 llosa shot prasier trazier : ely ) the losical place for Rocky to keen that account of minc ? why , th thet priestess with instruction to make they public if aryth ing happen to rockey . {inter where would i 405 . two shot anocuer angie keefer : ( srunt cynically ) that be not news to I ... I imew that all along . that 's why he can be such a wise - guy with u seece prazier : all right . now , if we be go to set that preacher tonight -- we as well get that account 404 , close shot imeper keefer : {in low angry tone ) yeah , but thi - no drugstore mistalesis . '' I be takin ! care of this job myselfeese ( he react : pick up get blecky up h ( hang un ) 's over to one on the bar ) i away eevee 405 . LED . shot two bpragter : ( thoughtfully ) Mac , I do not care how vou take care of sullivane .d priest , it 's cot to eaccidente : le leave that to mese . ( continued ) a 8 160 . 408 ( conte ) 406 . 407 . 4086 409 . 410 . keefer look up and see = close shot rocky as he appear before them close shot keeter and frazier as they whirl cheut , keefer 's hand clutching he gunee . Rocky , of for scenc , shoot twice and keefer topple off the stool . close shot rocky shoot once more to make certain , two shot rocky and frazier fragier , he eye poprn with fear , keep hold both hand forwerd , as if to protect he body from rocly 's gune prazier : ( plead - hoarsely ) Rocky «ee do not ... do not do ite . I will do anything ... anythingae . rocky : ( core close to he - back he ageinst bar ) no yor will not ... this be you last double - cross , rate 1d teke this with yee you be wrong about that papers ... I never let go ut the . all ya hadda do be bump I off seeee close shot frazier shot ring oute the class bar - a web ol crack he crumpled form try to squirm along the bar with he coll ' behind I spread ou stop move . CUT to : 411. 4l2. 4156 414 . I ft a 161 . int . halluay outside gamblipg room id . sho ? blackey and two cunmern , come in response to keefer 's call , react at hearing the '' shot sa blackey : ( quickly ) cimonss the man hurry forward , enter the gambling room . iwt . ganeling rook full shot visr have also hecrd the shot . there be a neral not on the part of the guest to get ovt . the n art escort they lady ; the croupier start close the play . blackey and he two nm cross quickly through the room . the player and crou ove tet . private cand room ed . shot Rocky hee burry the the door lead into the gambling roor . he open it sl tiy , look oute he # ngle rare li a the door close 8 ! rocky en he hurry ep door , he on the door ile close the door quickly , lock it . across the room . as he reacne hear blackey end he man pour blinus room to a £ 15 guicily up the st 417 . 419 . 162. EB oad room mad. shot he . prove the door cive and blackie end he win crash into the room . some of the crounior follow in , cim in hand . ey 8 they rause see frazier 's and yeefert bullet + riddled body lie near the ber . ther walk quickly to they . lulackie mo one other man imeel beside the body ; sive they a bricf once - over , . nterily closer sil0t as blackie riso , one of the man turn to he . . man 's who do it ? blacky ( crisply ) , Sullivan ... who olse ? ( he survey the room quickly ) he 's core upstairs . ( he tern to the : man ) take a bunch of the boy cownstair anc cover the front and back . ir Sullivan try to cet out - = + let he have it . leat yo nothor mane the man move off . bilacisie % to bl ckie : pete here with LED . shot iva. sm " ll cefice to which open what roenun in he socke shove they in he statr as elackic door above ox a return fire to ascend . the three sun spurt . 421 . a 0 will . 423 , 424 , 428. 163 , rocky as he hastily clos door , lock it . he look around the room . sno other cxit . he hurric to the window . yank it open , look oute Ziv. build 1t widow it open on a fire escane that go both up and down , ing . room - rocky es the door to the room be riddled by blackey and he mien . Rocky fire several time at the door , then climb out of the window . red . shot blackey aud he len as they move cautiously up the stair end toward the doore ext . pire esc / pe hed . shot ext. alley wi of suildleg lei eir come out look around . some of the man who bleckey of the building , gun in hand rocey as he scos they . I pull close to the building , move carefully , still co down . alley tee ten ' one of they spot Rocky . . ( continued ) 1646 4296 431 . man : there he isl they open fire . returne the fire and slowly retreat back up the @ ccar . two policemen they hear the shoot . 18st policeman : rear a! the El gaucho -+- 2d policehan : {as the shot still come over ) it 's a mob . -- you call in ! cun forward , blow on he whistle . the other icer hurry to a call box . stair hall iackey 11 to cltay door ; they stand t through it . then r.0ky continue fire et the mon in the alley as he be 's he way past the window , golng on ap toward the ol crkey 22 he cross the room toward he fire up . 2of roeky rench it . he quickly look around try discover he best oute 436 . 4376 4368. ih q '' 440 . 165 , FIRE escape blackey be poing up . roof Rocky quickly cross the roof . nis objective be a hatchway that lead to c roof of the adjoin building , over this we hear the siren of a nolice care rocf AG pirg escape as blackey reach the top . ue secs where Rocky be head . ue fire . rocky he return the for hin to reach who quickly duck b fire but blackey meat he other roof . STREET at bl gaucho 1g hat and wrap . suverel wolice cer be errive with scream , siren . hibor heave collect . the window ar face . 2 % nolice get out of they in they hand . roo ? bla ckey ag he show he :elf in a attempt to Rocky . rocky 443 , 1s rs 1666 rocky see that he have get blackey , he head for the hatchway again . ext , STREET mo , shot the officer we see run to the building have come out , he hurry to the police captain who hes just arrive , officer : it 's Rocky Sullivan . he get frazier and keefer -- they chase he wp on the roofeese ch ptain : my ( i ( briskly to a sergeant ) put a cordon sround the dlockeee .s the sergeant salute , move off , captain : ( to a licutenant ) he will not be able to get out of the block .e.. 4s scon as we get enough man we will send two into each house 4 . taxicab come drive un . Laura get out , struggle through the crowd toward the Captain . mo . close shot a policeman stop here policeman : be , kiss -- you can not get throughee . LAURA : but I have get to --= : policed a : sorryese . LAURA : what 's happen ? policelan : Rocky Sullivan shot you two a! he pal . ( continued ) 1676 445 ( cont . ) LAURA 's ( oreathless where -- where be he ? where be rockyaeenow ! policema somewhere up on the roof holdin ! outere then significantly ) . but not for long , lady ... wotre closin ! in on he Laura stané there for 'a ronment , stunne , she look eat the scene about hers 446 , LED . shot prom her angle as more police car arrive and the man get out , carry ~ ing sub-machine gun . two man be go into each house down the block , 447 , close shot LAURA she turn end hurry back to she cab . dissolve to ; 448 , ing . d.rkened eallway op T. renous ? build as the skylight be move ba quietly jump to the flcor , ke nause , tor satisfle that there be no one near , ; clip from he gun , ert a fresh onc . cautiously gow the hellway . c up huge roof of the more police have arrly .c. searchlisht ard arc playin ; aildingse wave now on though 450 . fed . close shot 1 several ing at the other seene 5 ( cort iive ) 450 ( cont . ) 4526 it on a 4556 bim : gee -- geo -- I hope they do not get 'imace solpy : Rocky ~- nix ! ther eantt cet hin ! hot rockyt but he look beek st the scence , frightone . ed . shot doorway of w..rehouse build eas the police bruak the lock on the door int . halliay op warehouse build a lowsr floor . the noisc of the break of the lock come ovor and recly stop . he listen . fed . sk ot at dor the lock give , the policeman cautiously enter . close shot rocky ee hurriedly retrace he stepse entrnce of buildin as one of the officer some in . Ho see , just dimly , the depart figure of R re fire . Rocky 's gun be see to return though fl . then reelry hurric up the stair as the officer continue fire . one of the other officer hurriss out , here -~ he 's in here , 457 , 458 , 459 , 460 . 461 , 463 , 169 , long shot fro he angle oun of voliceman hurry as will sce the Captain anc a sp forward to the warchouse buil ce hocky have € a@ to where he enter the building , but now as } sus at the shylicht he see that the search ecve to the roof of the wuildine , guichly around ; besinr * to real - ize that he be tran , yheve be one coor open from the hall , start for it . aik of builling as the police cautiously move up , rocky he shoot the lock off the door , open it , enter , sehouse room fill with large bele of merchandise , Rocky quickly survey the room , close the door , hurric through the room secarchin for . way out . mo , shot Pan ehd ci rook 209 that he 's in a tran , '' door ; then take as Rocky reech it and reali Fe snarl , 2s he whirle , facin : , cover behind sone baless in 's , hall :ay hel . shot to the n , keep as the veulice , lead the hall ond aperoach the door , well owt of rance of kockyt lire , ( cowlinted ) 170 , 465 ( cont , ( conte ) captain ? core on out , Sullivan ! fiocky 's answer be a ourst of Zire , gaptaing so that 's the way he want it , all right , boy -- let he have the cas . a policeman stev forward with the tear bomb gun . tae other send a protective fire in toward hocky . he redlic in kind , cuT to : 464 , mo , shot as Laura and Jerry make they way through the crowd to a police sergeant , jerry 3 where be he -- where be Rocky Sullivan ? slkglant '' ( point ) in there , but he do not necd you , Father -- not yet ! jerzy oushos past the officer , hurry to the building . Laura attcmpt to follow but the of ficur resvrain here 485 . close shot rocky arc be shot into the room , Rocky manage a bale cn one of then , smother the reons ovgr to a vindow , crash the glass éle of he coun , for eir . instantly maehino gun bullet rin into the room , Rocky stand at the ease of the window , ie fire at the volicc , 466 , hall ay mo . sho ? as jorvy rush up to t Captain , cantain , il pathor connelly -- a old tricone of Rocky 's ... fhcetll come ovt for vic -+ hetll listen to meet , ( conptuvsd ) 466 ( cont . ) 1 captain : be ea job for the 1 necd a pricst bey : ( forcefully ) E say he will come out for I ] captain : ( after a monont 's ecnsidore tion ) all right -- go rhead , Father , Jerry sten up to the sdre of the door , the captain motion to the officer to cease activity .. 467 , close shol jerey as he call in : hoo y -= Rocky ! come oub -- kocky --§ 468 . close shot rocky his face contort with he fury , tlocky 's you stay outa this , Jerry ! 489 , close shot jeumry Arc you come ow ? 470 , close shot i 471 , close shot janhy after '' moment 's hesitsation ( continued ) 172 , 271 ( cont , ) 472 , 473. 475 , ns ae} of jerry : all right thon -- I be come ine . close shot rocky hccky : stay out , Jerry . -- if you come in , I will lot you have it ] close shot jelry and oficer the captain come up to he : captain : pather ~- I ce not let you go in there , jerry : you can not stop moee . he turn end walk in the door , ind . rocm close shot brey as he walk in . closn shot rocky poise , he gm eime , for a moment it appear tht he 's foine to shoot , Hut as Jerry steadily approachus , he fina that he eennot fire , slowly he dron he hand , mel , shot as jorry come up to he , jlaiy : come on , hocky -- come on out with mo . tloch¥ : io daentt kno yy it dic not lot you heave it ... a 173. 475 ( cont , ) jerry ! ( quiotly ) I do . he hol out he hand for Rocky 's sun , for a moment they cye moot and hold stcadcily , then slowly ioeky give he the gun , as they start to walk out , side by side . dissolve to : 477 , nd spsaeh2 inset as 1 '' soom up into the scrcen , the headline read : [ ns today oseclwor " ipe plough £ 0 : tweoul close avcle slot 478.6 and svin , end some dozon other boy soapy , lim De vio be holcin : e cooy of the ? be sroupsd cround soany depel eae soapy : ( snortiny dcrorstively ) that aope crner 's 's scared al he 's a ointin ! etal : the boy laugh appreciatively , wipe to : 479 , angle shou ein they have a heedline : where ore boy ( snarling erily ) count I would tump that 174 , 480 , angle shot ts one " the boy group arovnd swing who have the newspaper , as bef we be shoot so thet we can sce the headline , " hockey galn - 3l0 ns $ liv off co:.ukuption -- high official implicate " , swing : Boy , oh boy ! Rocky 's sure showin ! up that ticlcher ! nn gy po iw ? , hideout group angle shot shoot doyn 'en a newspaper , hold by soany ; the other hoy thercd around . the hoadline read : trocky guilty " ! bim : gee ~~ do ya think they ! 11 vboin he in ce chair ] ? soapy : nasa -of they can not build a : death - house thet ! will hold Rocky ! sv ieg : ya mean he will blow a ! make a getaway ? soapy : ( wisely ) jes wait -- jos wait ! wipe to ? 482 , close shop another fe spaper it be hold in a boy ! hana , but this time we be close on the paver and do not the boy , the headline read : " rooky burn tomomol , over this come the boy volcec : biiu be voice : poy »- I bet Rocky show they mugg how to diel s*ing ! S voice : sure he will ! soapy' voice : ' momber what he scid at the trial e > 175.6 eg , ‘o toru " mo , shot group of thirty boy avound soapy , bim and swing . in the beg , just come sorward , be jorry . soapy : no ) lie seid he would spit in they eyel hetll do it , tool ! neth2 laugh t the close shot jerry fis feature show he sorrow as he listen to the boy . bie's voice : hetll show that whoney eel dissolve to : trsert 's tabloid newspaper front ~ page spread the page contain two vertical photo , side by side . on the leave - Rocky , in a characteristicelly agsressive grin , hendouffed , on tae right - a photo of the " hot seat " in the death -chamber . above , sixeinch headline scream forth : " rocky burn touight " superimfpose : long shott exd , state penitentiary death-house dissolve thru to : close shot a pair of slin foot and a slit trouser - lege guard voice : Sullivan -- . mo , shot guard ( from pucky! S angle ) at bar door , next to hi the elderly oris ( contt ? 1766 488 ( cont . ) priest pri : Rocky , Father cornelly !s receive permission to be with you . hel just arrive . do you want to see he ? 2895 reverse shot rocky seat on the cell - cot , a cigarette in he hand . rocky : sure «ss . send he in , but tell he none of that rigamarole and holy water stuff oe . priest : whatever you say , Rocky see ( he move out of scene ) guard : ( quietly to Rocky , in a deliberately inselent tone} listen , bigeshot , you get only ten ttes , so dontt try to stall around .th this priest pal of yours , 4906 close shot rocky he face set hard , es he rise and deliberately spit full in the face of the guard , rocky : scram s+. ya screwl ed guard , a sadistic , camera pull dack show the enr no he face vicious type of bully - angrily wv guard ; ( spluttering ) ten minute mill you place from that itm gonna tell the electrician to sive it to you slow ant casy «.. wise - guyl ic un the ac he throush the bar , but the guard back Rocky lun , agilely 's oula novo ave a chorus of voice and noise from the adjoin cell . 177 . I ouse corridor ( shoot toward exit door ) 401 . long shot ne . another cuard post here - elderly , of ostensibly better naturc , name Kennedy - call . kensedy ? quiet , boy . ( to young svard ) let he alone , Edwards . edverd retreat sullenly , and the noise subside , a buzzer sound end Kennedy open the corridor door to admit Jerry , whom not lead towards Rocky 's celle l926 truck shot Jerry 's haggard face , as he slowly walk down the row of celis , glance around pityingly at the doom man , jerry : ( quietly - to guard ) how much time before «ae ? kenuedy + ( suietly ) about ten minute . they reach Rocky 's cell . Kennedy start to open the door , jerry 's ( erecting Rocky throush bar ) hello - Rocky e+. rocky : howlya , Jerry eee Jerry step in . nennedy lock door behind theme 403 , mo , shot ide cell jerry : ( awkwardly ) eow do you feel ? ( coutinued ) < 9 404 , 3 ( cont . ) anot rociy : ( with a familiar sesture} like a million ses ( then glance toward though bar eo» if it wasnlt for one screw around here who keep puttin ! the needle in mo see ( then cheerily ) how 's Laura 's . ? takin ? it hard ? jerry : ( ncd slowly ) naturally .-. she love you , Rocky . rocky : poor kid «+.» she nevor do get a decent break ( shru. sad smile I try to «+ . but all I give she be hearteach . jerry : you do not want I to administer extreme unction , Rocky eas ? rocky : no ese welll p that , Jerry . ( then quickly , to change the subject ) how 's soapy and the kid ? jerry 's they be pulli for you , nocky , as long as there be the slight hope from the governor rocky : {short laush ) goess that crasy kid be a lot casier to handie with the weaye I outa T. awcle Jerry do a't revly to this but become very scrious lisol ? of o and soat poosite kecky ; then - 1 294 ( cont . ) rocky : ( jeucis eynically ) there be not nuch leave I con do , Jerry . 8s more than ether cireun - yes there you could stance see rocky : spill ite jerky : ( continue - despite the intorruption ) es . if you have the courage for it , the kind I know you have eo rocky 's ( shrug ) it be not gorna moan mich to welk in there jerry : I lmow that , rocly ese rocky : ( muse - a look in he eye it will be like cin ! dovm ina new spe electy sage , jerrye tthe State give tom free of charge to the best customeis 6 jerry : but youlroe not arra 1 , roeky ? rocky : sause = then lly ) they would Li youldalt the yf do dg see covlé osliso len , jorry «.. but I can not . ( continued ) 0 be 180 . ( cont .1 ) rocky : ( cont . ) ( thoughtfully ) you cotta first have ea heart to be seerca «ee and I si n '!t get none . they cut that oute I ... a chunk at a time , in all the jail I be in . jerry : ( slowly ) but , Rocky «+. suppose I ask you to have the heart ee. to be scared ? two shot as Rocky look at he , incredalouslys rocky : wnat dfya mean jerry : ( tense ) suppese at the last minute = this guard have to drag you to the chair ee . soream and begging for merey ? surpose you turn yellow o.. ? kocky : turn yellow «+e ? ( confuse ) sey , wnat ! 's get into ya , Jerry ? you be just worryint about «ce havin ! gut eee coupaze see jerry '' I do , Rocky «+ . but I mean ea differ - ent ind of courage ... the kind of thet 's bern in heaven ..- not the courage of loreice or bravado «ee but the kind no ene but you and I and ged would know avoute Rocky be puzzle , but n'see that he nal be dead serious . rocky : I still dontt know whet ya moan , Jerry ove the priest lean forward , he eyo burn with sone inner flame . Rocky see crowd of station . te oss @ at the '' end ( continued ) 4 2 5 ( cont . ) a long '' of the old once soverel other . ow what they 4 mio 28 , ? they say , Father , tell xo they up there how to % ell he to show the whole world , the stuff a ecal guy be make of , tell Rocky we be pullint for he , and to die = laugh . " rocky : so what d!fya want , Jerry ? I be not senna let tem dom ... if that 's waot 's potherin ! yas erry 3 ( intensely ) . bot I want you to let they a Rocky . oulve be a hero to that irid ..% and to a lot or other id < 1 ] over the country «-». all throush you life . and now youle go to be a hero to they in dcath , tooe 4nd ... that 's what I want to prevent , Rocky . : rocky : you want yollow ese so % Tim no good ees eb es. turn kid will think jerry : ( breathlessly ) yes ioviann they to ... to desnise you menory , rocly «+. to - to remcmber you as a yellow covrard eee rather then ss on fica here . to bo forever a no oeee do you understand ? oqugee Rocky eee -~ becnuse 182 . 4960 close shot rocky who have be quict during the above . now he begin , slowly but intensely . rocky : Jerry eee it 's a great idea , but youtre askin ! I to throw away the only thing I get leave in the world ess the only thing they have not be able to take away from I sea 4976 close sih0t jerry rocky's voice : ( continue - with restrain feel ) look , Jerry e+. you know how it al - way wadeee they have hound we from the minute we be bear ees to the minute we walk in there . they hound we when we be hunsry and want to c&teee they hound we when we do not wanng live no more in that dump they still call house ose 4986 close shot rocky rocky : ( continue ) they hound we when we find we could not pet the fine thing we see all around we es . and take them for ourselves , 4n! what do they wanna prove all the time ee . ? that we be rat ] that we go not deserve any better t 499 , two shot rocky and jerry rocky : ( continue - wag head slowly ) ant , Jerry , you know better and any - body how wrong that be ... and now you want the show tem how be y be '' ? you want I to fgpapsr sobesister out ice to teli the world -' " another rne yellow " , ( continued } 18 : can . 499 ( cont . ) jerry : but , Rocky es you will know , I '11 know that you be not eee rocky : ( bitterly ) . this be sure one little favor to ask , serry eee for I to crawl on my belly the last thing I do in life .e.. but you be askin ' a little too much . no == I will not do that , jerryee.e . you work it out with that kid some other way . Ho es» no , derry ( he keep shaking he head almost mechanically ) jerry : but I cantt reach ell the kid , Rocky . thousands of herosworshipping kid in a hundred slum in a hundred citlese rocky : ( angrily ) do not gimme that hunanity stuff again , Jerry . I do enough of that in that courtereom . I open up on everything ese nane NuneSaes vo though low~down on though whole stinkin ! mess . that more do ya want ? jerry : God know I have not tne right to eask anything , more for myself , but for eve rocky : ( snap ) well , donttt 5006 mo . siot ( shoot frga inside cell ) as the guard approach . keudedy : ( as he open door ) all right , Rocky oe . you ready ? 50le two silot £ 10 ! ro argle rocky : yuohe ( then he cxtend he hand to durry silonece you figurin ! ' on goin ! in with I ? bance ony 184 , 501 ( cont . ) 502 . 5056 jerry : if you want I to , Rocky . rocky : sure see it 's gonna be lonesome walkin ! down that last mile . come along , Jerry »» . bet for the love of Mike , do not let I hear ya pray . promise I that , Jerry . bi mo . shot nshooting '' rom corridor ) jerry : ( qictly ) I promise , Rocky eee I will not praye rocky an! you will say goodbye to laury for I ? Jerry , bite he lip , can only nod . thoy lead Rocky out = Jerry follow . there be four or five quard , include the viclous one , Edwards . as Rocky step out , a convict in another cell start wulmpore loudly - lysterically . rocky 's ( lean over and yell to the hysterical convict ) hoy , jelly - fish see pipe down ! this be my day ee. not yours , see ? anoteer convict ; ( call ) ' att 's it , Rocky e« show ‘em oor J close i.ld . shot as & chorus of annrovin ad lib follow from the other cell . theu , as tdward step up to take Rocky 's right arm , rock ; angrily fling he off , rocky : get this serew offa I eee or I will ] push he face in se . | cs you see , big -shot o.. ard it will be laughin ! at ya ese ( continued ) 185 , 503 ( conte ) rocky '' do not come ngar mo in there , screw ese of t'11 spit in you cyc again 5046 full shot corridor ( shocting fro death -chamber ) kennedy '' all right - stop back , Edwards . {to another guard ) you take he arm , Thompson . they start to walk convict : Atta boy , Rocky «= pick you own company t rocky : stlong , feller 'e . I will be waitin ! fer ya all see . convict : stlongesee show 'eriee Goodbye , rockyee of will not be longee hold a reserve seat for I , kockye 505 . reverse mo , shot group 4t GREEN door they open the grecn door , a&s thcy do so = 5056 close shot rocky rocky : ( to jarry = with a forecd laugh ) they call tnis ' the last mile ' , Jerry eee but it 's 4 lelluva short one s07 . two shot rochy , with terry tlvediately leiind he lockys ( eontinue ) take care of laury «ee jerrys 5096 510 . slle 5126 515 . 514 . 186 , close shot jerry as he nod silently , but keep look straight at Rocky -- one think burn in he brain ; " will Rocky come through ? " close shot rocky ( large head ) as he look back at Jerry , understanding he pal 'ts silent think . close shot jerry as he feature express the intensity of he hope and prayer close shot rocky serious ; then say slowly , in response to Jerry 's un - speak think . rocky : ( wag he head slowly ) no eve close shot jerry as this wordless conflict continue , close shot rocky es he seem to yield , but express it in he habitual erin . rocky : stlong = pal eee mo . sil0t hechaniber , out of er ad pan slowly guard and Jerry , stand - on = pale , haggard and yet . CA to get wit e ing to once eae biion lock in mental agony 515 . 187 , cluse suol jey crpeeptibly in silent praycr . ys al tion , @ sercam and derm rusct sturtle . his lip b- taen sudder sound of cc rochy's voice : ( mufflcd - not too distinctly } no eae 1o eee do not kill mose I do not wanna dice . please do not lovine dic ees . 1 zt can not ees 1 can'teee , guard voice : ( over comuolion ) ull he up there '' off that ! ere I come on eee pull I camera pan over facc of startle and astound wite ness and reportorg . reporter : buy y 's this eve ? wnt vee | ket go yollow ee . t t'1l een | het holdin ! on to that wall radintoree hu tg not screwy oes t gusrdd ! vcice : pry that othor hind loose I get nim off that radiatert and over it all , Rocky 's scream continue pitcouslye reporter : . they get he looss nove.e.e . say , this io 8 tarnabout , if I cover see one } 2ud ruoporterk : Rocky turn ret eso 4 b to story ! well dressed wan : it 's horrible «= itt shestly I eu not stand thse ( close he uye ) repor sg bottle ) lugto' thisee . I feel sul ? che lsirst timcess be voice : '' li tiow eee s1lg . ivf , cell-clock dgaph-hcuse heise freer within it she char uw : fe dy turn tren quict in the nthe oh they pot hin 3 tout ) | rouky eee sco ya scent} Tho hysterics sucdenly thon mm sterienl convict lct cut a lon 1 %. clesh two ald edward ss near he ad 2 at ce . enw the sont , be cela unt surency lip iroep incrense dissolve to ? o19 . ry a utm bpabdr suolinwg post 1804 rocky die yellow " , say all witss " '' " nocwand'! S dea diiaw bach to : bin anbd swing " store " , srary , cing the '' floor ylocr , 's and locsee v pro hun , spring ( co. piinted ) 190 . swiug ? 521.6 a a with . d.rry couss up to dre d256 a no lon . 527 6 5236 191 . close siut = jenay he leek at there thon ho nol USS ( yainfull tt 's cll tracy , bov <= covery werd of it -= ic truc eee caistcone ( shooping to tht boy past jerry ) shocl a silence , they whole vwiorsl dissolve to : the eheir biny close shuct latta Tor fonture sre risrke with close ser 5 192 . thet boy '' sove close shct jergy his syo sre rreist sc he dcek at thom close sot the cao ir face sthorseseecs paade out .