angel &amp ; demon written by akiva goldsman April , 2008 int papal apartment day close on a ornate ring . it 's intricately carve with a seal , a image of St. Peter casting a net . the ring be carry on a satin pillow through a darken , regal apartment . in the distance , bell be tolling -- the slow , solemn tone that announce a death . a dozen man in scarlet cassock , roman catholic cardinal , bend down to inspect the ring , nodd in affirmation , part of a ancient ritual . a young man ( the camerlengo ) in a black cassock take a silver knife and scratch the ring 's seal twice , once horizontally and once vertically , in the sign of the cross . now the ring be place on a lead block . the camerlengo raise a silver mallet and smashes it down , shatter the ring into a thousand tiny piece . as the Cardinals confirm to they satisfaction that the ring have be destroy , the hushed voice of a news reporter come over the image . reporter -- the Ring of the fisherman , which bear the official papal seal and by vatican law must be destroy immediately follow the Pope 's death . in the hallway just outside the apartment , the Cardinals file out in a solemn procession . behind they , the camerlengo close and lock the door to the apartment entrance , help by a aide who stretch red silk across the door in the form of a X . reporter ( o.s. ) the Pope 's Chamberlain , or " camerlengo , " then seal the papal apartment --- at the juncture point of the door , the camerlengo place a glob of hot wax , then raise a seal and burn it into the wax with a hot sizzle . two swiss guardsmen , traditionally attire , step in front of the door , they eight - foot sword hold in a low cross . reporter ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) --- and swiss Guard will remain post outside the door for at least nine day of mourn , a period know as tempe sede vacante , or --- 2 . int ST . peter' basilica day in St. Peter 's basilica , we move in toward a empty chair , a chair so magnificent it can only be call a throne . reporter ( o.s . ) --- " the time of the empty throne . " a ring appear around the empty throne and -- dissolve to : int cern - detector room day -- a ring as ornate in its way as the Ring of the fisherman , except this one be a mass of technological sophistication . it 's twenty - five foot across , cover with wire , sensor , gizmo . it 's the centerpiece of a massive laboratory the size of a football field . scientist and technician read off checklist in a variety of language , none of they English so far . the place be a hive of activity and sound ; cool water whooshes through pipe , the static hum of high level of current float in the air . vittoria vetra , a intense woman in she mid-thirty with the long stride of a impatient person , make she way across the floor to phillipe , the project manager , a frenchman around fifty . she follow he as he climb down a scaffold that surround the detector wheel and head toward a console across the room . vittoria ( in italian , subtitle ) somebody pull we off the grid , phillipe . phillipe ( respond in french , also subtitle ) you hit 36 k V down there yesterday . the whole synchrotron only load 18 . vittoria ( switch to french ) and the lear 's speck up to 42 . it 's all approve by the director , you want I to call he ? reluctantly , phillipe sit down at a console and start enter command , shaking he head . 3. phillipe waste of power , what be you extract , still ten to the seventh aps a second ? how long to produce a gram at that rate ? vittoria about two billion year . at that rate . he look at she sideways , do not like the sound of that . he hit a few last keystroke and a series of flash light reconnect what look like a lower laboratory complex to the main grid . she nod she thanks and start to go . phillipe vittoria . ( switch to soft italian ) please do not blow we all to heaven . and on the word " heaven , " everything go white and -- dissolves to : int ST . peter' basilica day --- a veil of thin white silk billow down over the face of the dead pontiff . two vatican funereal worker pull a second veil over he face , then another over he head and hand . a burl cypress lid slide over the top of the coffin , which be carry out of frame and into --- ext ST . peter' square day --- St. Peter 's Square , pack with three hundre thousand mourner , include king , queen , president , and prime minister . reporter ( o.s. ) follow the elegy mass , the body of the pontiff , borne by the traditional twelve pall bearer will be seal in a zinc crypt deep in the vatican grottoe along with the body of twenty - five other pope . the procession of cardinal be a ribbon of red make its way through the kaleidoscope of color of the assemble religious dignitary . on the brilliant array of color --- CUT to : 4. int cern - detector room day --- another array of color , this one like the best firework display you have ever see . pull back , we realize it 's on one of the giant monitor screen in the detector room at cern , all of which be light up with similar array . something have happen and there 's a enormous amount of excitement in the room . more scientist and technician pour in , take they seat at console , confer excitedly . a computerize voice speak English over a loudspeaker : voice ( o.s. ) beam on beam collision be active . it repeat the message in italian , german , french , and chinese . int cern tunnel day Elevator door open in a subterranean tunnel and vittoria step out . a long tube , about four foot across , run off into the distance , and as vittoria head off in the other direction , we see that the tunnel , and its cylinder , go on forever that way too . two more technician hurry down the tunnel and jump into the elevator she just vacate . vittoria step up to a security panel and place she chin in a cup . a vertical laser sweep across she eyeball and we -- CUT to : int ST . peter' basilica day --- a ancient carve incense holder that swing back and forth at the end of a chain , swing by a priest in St. Peter 's basilica . a thousand faithful be gather for --- reporter --- the Pope 's elegy mass , lead by cardinal saverio mortati , Dean of the College of Cardinals --- at the front , cardinal mortati stand behind a massive altar , arm outstretch , praying in Latin for the assemble luminary . as he perform the service , intone in a dead language -- int antimatter lab day --- vittoria step through a airlock and emerge in a gleam white underground lab . everything , everywhere , be white . 5 . there be a dozen column of polished steel about three foot tall , each of which support a transparent canister the size of a tennis ball can . they appear empty . LEONARDO bentivoglio , sixtyish , black pants and a short - sleeve black shirt , be at work at a command console in the center of the room . ( they speak to each other in italian , subtitle . ) vittoria power should be back five by five . LEONARDO it be , extraction 's already start . he turn around , and we think he black pants and shirt look familiar -- now we see he Roman collar and realize this physicist be also a priest . LEONARDO ( cont would ) we be in God 's hand now . while Leonardo and vittoria work at the console , we move slowly across the room toward that strange vertical pillar . int ST . peter' basilica day in St. Peter 's , we be in a complimentary move , down the aisle past the College of Cardinals , one hundred sixty - five aging man in brilliant red robe , seat near the altar . reporter ( o.s. ) the College of Cardinals will lock itself in the sistine Chapel for conclave literally , the word mean " with key " -- the process by which the Church choose a new leader for the world 's one billion Catholic . we move onto the altar , close enough to mortati to get a good look at he . he 's in he late seventies , grave , eye close in religious fervor as he consecrate the communion host . int antimatter lab day in the lab , we be still move , close to one of the pillar and to the transparent tube on top of it . the tube be not empty , as we first think , there 's something suspend in the middle of it , a drop , round and white , float in mid-air . int ST . peter' basilica day mortati reach the religious climax of the ceremony and hold aloft the round white communion host . 6 . a thousand voice begin sing in St. Peter 's , we go in close on the host and dissolve to --- int antimatter lab day --- that otherworldly drop , also round and white , a perfect match for the host , but so different , hover in the tube like a hot blob of mercury , defy gravity . everything abruptly go black and a title bleed on screen : angel and demon CUT to : int harvard college - natatorium dawn the bottom of a swim pool . a lithe figure slashes like a knife through the water , do lap . the swimmer be the only one in the pool , but still push like he 's get someone to beat . his stroke echo off vacant bleacher in a oldish college natatorium . as he reach the end of the pool , he see a murky figure through the water . the swimmer stop , pull off he goggle . ROBERT langdon be fiftyish , but look ten year young , must have something to do with two hundred lap at dawn every day . claudio vincenzo be heavier , dress in a sport jacket and slack , look exhaust . he speak with a italian accent . vincenzo Professor langdon ? langdon swim might help you jet lag . vincenzo I beg you pardon ? langdon get out and pull a towel off a nearby bench . langdon ( gesture ) bag under you eye , up at five a.m. , italian accent ... do I hear naple in that rs ? 7. vincenzo ( smile , show a id ) Claudio vincenzo , corpo della Gendarmeria vaticano . langdon vatican Police ? I be expect another letter . ( vincenzo look confuse ) my request for access to the Archives ? vincenzo have no idea what he 's talk about . langdon ( cont would ) should not you be in Rome ? busy time for you guy . vincenzo in fact I be in New York , on vacation . I get a call in the middle of the night --- find Robert langdon . a matter of great urgency . langdon urgent vatican business , involve I ? I doubt that . he head for the locker room . vincenzo call after he . vincenzo they say to show you this . langdon turn back . vincenzo 's hold a single sheet of paper in he right hand . langdon , curious , make he way back to he . take the paper --- --- and , it be safe to say , feel the earth give way beneath he foot . he look up , eye wide , and mutter a single word : langdon llluminati ? CUT to : ext harvard campus dawn as the sun come up , langdon and vincenzo leave the natatorium . vincenzo yes , of course , but it could not be the llluminati as we know they , they disappear a hundred year ago . 8. langdon do they ? look at the paper . vincenzo I have see it . langdon look again . vincenzo look at it . the word llluminati be write in ornate script . vincenzo look back up --- so ? langdon ( cont would ) turn it upside down . vincenzo do . incredibly , the word read exactly the same way upside down . langdon ( cont would ) it 's call a ambigram , the same backwards and forward . that 's common in a symbol , like a jewish star , or yin - yang , or a swastika , but this be a word . people have searched for the llluminati ambigrammatic symbol for four century , modern symbologist even try to create it , but nobody could pull it off , not even by computer . most have conclude it be a myth . I write a book about it . ( realizing ) which be why you be here , be not it ? vincenzo " the Art of the llluminati , " by Robert langdon . CUT to : int langdon' apartment day a hand skim along a bookcase and stop at that very title , a heavy academic tome . langdon pull it out and drop it on the desk in he apartment with a thud . ( the apartment be cluttere with esoterica , the home of a man whose taste in furnishings be very fashionable about four hundred year ago . a single man -- no kid stuff , no cat . ) langdon flip the book open to a illustrate section in the middle , fill with renderings of previous attempt to create the symbol he now hold in he hand . 9 . langdon incredible . either someone just figure out how to make this , or they find it . recently . which would mean the llluminati have return . ( look at vincenzo ) a ancient brotherhood , enemy of the church , surfacing just after the death of a Pope ? I would pull you off vacation too . vincenzo it 's worse than just that . four cardinal be kidnap from they quarter inside the vatican some time between three and five a.m. this morning . shortly afterward , the Office of the swiss Guard receive that document , along with the threat that the Cardinals will be publicly execute , one per hour , start at seven p.m. tonight , in Rome . langdon ( mind racing ahead ) conclave ? vincenzo be to begin today . we have postpone its start for a few hour , a story of illness , there be no suspicion . yet . langdon what do you want from I ? vincenzo the perpetrator of this heinous act send that -- ambigram , you say ? -- as a provocation , a taunt . but it may also be they undoing . if you can help we learn they identity , perhaps we can stop they . langdon why I ? vincenzo you expertise . you erudition . and you involvement with recent Church -- shall we say " mystery ? " 10 . langdon I be not under the impression that episode have endear I to the vatican . vincenzo oh , it do not . but it make you -- what be the word ? ( italian pronunciation ) formidable . formidable . a plane be stand by twenty minute from here . will you come with I ? langdon do not move , just stare at the ambigram , still amaze . vincenzo ( cont would ) Professor langdon , you have spend ten year of you academic life search for the very symbol you now hold in you hand . and the madman who create it , or who know the secret of its origin - - that person be in Rome . ( check he watch ) how much longer must we pretend you have not already decide to come ? CUT to : ext airport day a small private plane scream into the sky . ext rome day we soar over Rome , the eternal City . a helicopter whooshes into frame below we . int helicopter day the papal helicopter be plush inside , and nearly silent . a very pricey piece of equipment . vincenzo stare out the window . vincenzo if the llluminati have return and be in Rome , we will hunt they down and kill they . langdon , seat across from he , stifles a laugh . langdon speak like a Roman Catholic . vincenzo look at he sharply . 11 . langdon ( cont would ) the llluminati do not become violent anti-Papist until the 17th century . initially , they be physicist , mathematician , astronomer . they name mean " the enlighten one . " in the 1500s , they start meeting secretly to share they concern about the church 's inaccurate teaching . they be dedicated to the quest for scientific truth . and for that , the church -- to use you word -- hunt they down and kill they . drive they underground . langdon turn and look out the front window of the helicopter as , up ahead , the marble facade of St. Peter 's basilica blaze like fire in the afternoon sun . langdon ( cont would ) into a secret society . ext ST . peter' square day pull away from the helicopter , we see a coat of arm emblazon on its side -- two skeleton key crossing a shield and papal crown . the helicopter swoops over St. Peter 's Square , fill with more tourist than usual , due to the impending start of conclave . we drift toward a structure on the far side of the Square , closer to its huge , ornate window . as we approach , large swath of black drop down , drape over the window , close off we view . int sistine chapel day Inside , worker continue to drape large bolt of black velvet over the window , sealing this room off from outside . pull back , we realize it 's not just any room --- --- it 's the sistine Chapel . as the last window be blacken , the room be bath in a profound darkness light only by candle . one hundre sixty - one men in red robe be gather inside the Chapel , the College of Cardinals . they talk in a polyglot of language , milling about the place , confer , catch up on old friendship . cardinal mortati , the Dean of the College who lead the Pope 's elegy mass , be the type of man one cross a room to see , not the other way around . 12 . he chat in italian with two other Cardinals , until a black - cassocked aide ( father simeon ) outside the open door of the Chapel catch he eye . mortati excuse himself , step through the open doorway , and into --- int salon day -- the salon just outside the Chapel . Father simeon be a unctuous man in he fifty with eye that be always look for whoever 's behind you . ( they speak in italian , subtitle . ) mortati and ? fr . simeon commandante rocher assure I the Guard be do everything humanly possible to find the prefiriti . mortati a very long way for he to say very little . fr. simeon what if you be to begin in they absence ? mortati they be the four lead candidate . if they be not present , they be not eligible . there will be no consensus without they , wid be we to vote for ? Father simeon give he a look -- perhaps you ? mortati ( cont would ) it be as much a sin to offer flattery to accept it . fr. simeon ( chasten , but not really ) the camerlengo ask how long you can postpone the open prayer without make another announcement to the public ? mortati two year and three month . ( simeon look confuse ) the conclave of 1316 ? ( never mind ) ( more ) 13 . mortati ( cont would ) tell the camerlengo the cardinal elector will take every minute require to perform they sacred trust . no further announcement be necessary . fr. simeon he 's be concerned about the public dimension . people will think - mortati ( cut he off ) what we tell they to think . CUT to : ext vatican - STREET day on the ground now and behind vatican wall , langdon and vincenzo walk briskly around a corner and be meet by ernesto olivetti , a solidly - build man in he late thirty . olivetti Professor langdon , welcome to vatican City . ernesto olivetti , Inspector generale of the vatican Police Force . he take langdon by the arm and gesture down a narrow passageway . olivetti ( cont would ) this way , please , we will meet in the headquarters of the swiss Guard . langdon I assume you be swiss Guard . olivetti no . the gendarmerie be responsible for everything inside the vatican wall , with the exception of the security of his holiness and the apostolic Palace . that be swiss Guard . the commandante generale of the Roman carbinieri have join we as well , in a advisory capacity , and the guarda nacionale have send a representative . langdon ( confuse ) so jurisdictionally , this be - olivetti a God damn nightmare . 14 . they turn a corner and approach a squat stone building label " offizia della guarda suiza . " two swiss guardsmen be stand outside the entrance to the building . they be somewhat comically dress in puffy tunic vertically stripe in brilliant blue and gold , with match pantaloon and spat , top by a black beret . langdon can not completely hide a smile . olivetti notice . the Guards raise they eight - foot sword , allow the three of they to enter the building . int swiss guard office - corridor day the interior of the swiss Guard office be ornate and fill with artwork , like every other vatican building . as they walk , langdon study the row of statue of male nude that line both side of the hallway , all wear fig leave . langdon the great castration . olivetti I beg you pardon ? langdon 1857 . pius ix feel the male form might inspire lust , so he get a hammer and chisel and unmanned two hundred statue . this plaster fig leave be add later . olivetti stop abruptly , outside a heavy steel door with a security keyguard beside it . olivetti be you anti-catholic , Professor langdon ? langdon I ? no , I be anti-vandalism . olivetti I urge you to guard you tone in there . the swiss Guard be a call , not a profession , and it encourage a certain -- zealotry . Commander rocher , the head of the Guard , be a deeply spiritual man , and he be close to the late pope. understood ? langdon ( sincere ) I just hope I can help . 15 . olivetti so do I . you be my idea . he enter a five-digit number on the keypad and the steel door slide open . int swiss guard headquarters day the headquarters of the swiss Guard be in a lushly adorn Renaissance library cramme with sophisticated communication and surveillance equipment . it 's crowded , swiss Guard ( in suit and tie , the pantaloon be more for show ) , uniform carbinieri , and vatican Police cramme around different station , some work together , other argue , mostly in italian . olivetti wait here . he cross the room to a tall , fair- haire man around sixty , weathered like steel -- maybe " tempere " be the better word . while they confer , langdon notice a woman to he leave . we recognize vittoria vetra , the physicist we see at cern . she catch langdon 's eye , force a grim smile , recognize they be both stranger here . olivetti come back with commander rocher , the tall man , very much in charge . he speak with a french / swiss accent· rocher ( to vittoria ) Ms. vetra ? I be Commander rocher , commandante principale of the swiss Guard . thank you for come . and Professor langdon ? langdon that 's right . rocher look he up and down , so , you be langdon . rocher thank God , the symbologist be here . Ms. vetra , this way , please . he lead vittoria across the room , to a surveillance monitor . langdon , puzzle by the cold shoulder , look at olivetti , who lean in . olivetti there 's be a development . we receive another threat from the kidnapper . 16 . across the room , they hear vittoria gasp . olivetti go to join they , nodd to langdon to follow . at the monitor , langdon and olivetti join rocher and vittoria and stare at the image on a video monitor -- it 's a familiar - look canister , in which a metallic drop of liquid shimmer in the middle , suspend . the acronym cern be stencile up its side . on its base be a LED display , count down from about six hour . at the top of the monitor flash superimpose text -- live feed , camera # 86 . vittoria ( continuing ) -- canister be steal from we lab around midnight last night . the intruder kill my research partner , Leonardo bentivoglio , and mutilate he in order to bypass security . they look at she , do not quite see the connection . vittoria ( cont would ) we use retinal scanner . ( they still do not get it ) they cut out he eye . they cringe . vittoria ( cont would ) that canister contain a extremely combustible substance call antimatter . we need to locate it immediately or evacuate vatican City . rocher I be quite familiar with incendiary , Ms. vetra . I have not hear of antimatter . vittoria it 's new , energy research technology . it use a reverse polarity vacuum to filter out anti-matter positron generate in particle acceleration in the large hadron collider at cern . they look at she blankly . she point at the screen , 17 . vittoria ( cont would ) the anti-matter be suspend , there , in a airtight nanocomposite shell with electromagnets at each end . but if it be to fall out of suspension and come into contact with matter -- say , the bottom of the canister -- the two oppose force will annihilate one another . violently . rocher and what might cause it to fall out of suspension ? vittoria the battery go dead . which it will . ( look at the screen ) in six hour and eleven minute . silence for a moment . vittoria ( cont would ) where be that camera ? number eighty - six ? olivetti it 's wireless . it too be steal . that could be anywhere inside the vatican wall . vittoria you have get to find it . rocher we be a bit preoccupy with four miss cardinal at the moment . vittoria you do not understand . a annihilation be a cataclysmic event . it would be a blind explosion , equivalent to about five megaton . the blast radius alone would be -- softly , langdon speak up from behind she . langdon " vatican City will be consume by light . " a few voice fall still . they turn and look at he . 18 . rocher that be the exact word the kidnapper use . int rocher's office day a few moment later , they be crowded around the communication console at rocher 's desk , where a dimly - light video recording be play back on a computer screen . ( the office be behind a glass wall to one side of the headquarters . ) the image on the recording be of four older men , some in they sixty , the other in they seventies , film in dim light behind bar in a dank , dungeon - like space . a lightly accented voice speak from behind the camera . voice ( o.s. ) we will destroy you four pillar ... brand you preferiti and sacrifice they on the altar of science ... and then bring you church down upon you . vatican City will be consume by light . langdon it 's a ancient llluminati threat . ( rocher pause the recording ) the destruction of vatican City through light . the four pillar -- he probably mean the kidnap cardinal . you do not mention they be the preferiti. ( to vittoria ) the favorite to be choose as the new Pope . play it again . voice ( o.s. ) we will destroy you four pillar ... brand you preferiti and sacrifice they on the altar of science ... langdon stop it there . rocher do langdon ( cont would ) " brand " they , another llluminati legend , this one say there be a set of five brand , each one a ambigram . ( more ) 19 . langdon ( cont would ) the first four be the fundamental element of science -- earth , air , fire , water . the fifth -- be a mystery . maybe it 's this . he pull the " llluminati " ambigram from he pocket . rocher he say they would be kill publicly . in church . langdon ( nod , not surprised ) revenge for La purga . rocher La purga ? langdon do not you guy read you own history ? 1668 . the church kidnap four llluminati scientist and brand they chest with the symbol of the cross . to " purge they sin . " murdered they and leave they body in the street as a warning to other to stop question church ruling on scientific matter . it be after La purga that a darker , more violent llluminati emerge . this sound like retribution . ( to rocher ) be there any more ? rocher hit play again . voice ( o.s. ) .... and then bring you church down upon you . vatican City will be consume by light ... while listen this time , langdon notice a darken video monitor , inlaid at a angle on rocher 's desk . it face away from the outer office , and instead of a on / off switch , there be a oddly - shape keyhole . voice ( o.s. ) ( cont would ) a shine star at the end of the path of illumination . langdon look up sharply . 20 . langdon the path of illumination ? rocher stop the video . langdon ( cont would ) I need to get into the vatican Archives . rocher shake he head , look at olivetti harshly , be embarrassed . olivetti Professor , this be not the appropriate moment to - rocher you petition have be deny seven time , Mr. langdon . langdon this have nothing to do with that , ( fast ) the path of illumination be a ancient trail through Rome that lead to the Church of the illumination , a secret place where llluminati member could meet in safety . if I can find the segno , the sign that mark the start of the path , I be willing to bet the four church along it be where he intend to murder you cardinal . if we can get to one of they before he do , we can stop it . but to find the start of the path , I need to get into the Archives . rocher even if I want to help you , access be only by write decree of the curator and the board of vatican librarian . langdon or by papal mandate . rocher yes . but as you have no doubt hear , the Holy Father be - langdon what about Il camerlengo ? let I talk to he . 21 . rocher the camerlengo ? he 's just a priest here , the former Pope 's Chamberlain . langdon do not the power of the Holy see rest with he during tempe sede vacante ? they just stare at he . shit , this guy 's good . langdon check he watch , get irritate . langdon ( cont would ) hey , fella --- you call I . CUT to : int papal office day a spectacular view of St. Peter 's Square , through the window of the papal office . move down , we find a figure dress in a simple black cassock , he back to we , stare out at the crowd . father sebastian guttierez , the camerlengo , speak with a soft Spanish accent . camerlengo his holiness once tell I that a Pope be a man tear between two world ... the real world and the divine . assemble in the grand office be langdon , rocher , olivetti , and vittoria . the camerlengo 's back be still turn . camerlengo ( cont would ) he warn that any church that ignore reality would not survive to enjoy the divine . he turn around . he 's young than we think , in he mid - thirty , deep , dark eye . the kind of priest who often inspire , before the year of dogma catch up with he . camerlengo ( cont would ) it seem the real world be upon we tonight . ( to langdon ) I be familiar with llluminati lore , and the legend of the branding . La purga be a dark stain on the church 's history ; I be not surprised this ghost have come back to haunt we . 22 . he sit behind the massive desk , and if he seem young before , he seem like a child now , overcome by the position he 's in . but when he speak to rocher , he 's in command . camerlengo ( cont would ) commandante , have you begin a search for this explosive device ? rocher of course , but it could be anywhere , and the safety of the cardinal be my primary concern at the moment . camerlengo the sistine Chapel be a fortress , as long as the cardinal be in conclave , you security concern be at a minimum . devote as much of you resource as possible to a search for - rocher signore , if you be about to suggest we make a naked - eye search of all of vatican City , I must - camerlengo ( sharply ) Commander . though I be not his holiness , when you address I , you be address this office . do you understand ? rocher yes , padre , camerlengo good . now -- you say the image on screen be illuminate by artificial light . May I suggest methodically cut the power to various section of the City . when the image on you screen go dark , you will have a more specific idea of the device 's location . rocher look at olivetti -- gotta admit , that 's a pretty damn good idea . camerlengo ( cont would ) Ms. vetra . besides yourself and you research partner , who know about you antimatter project ? 23 . vittoria only the director of cern . but Leonardo keep detailed journal ; if he tell anyone else about what we be do , he would have make a note of it . camerlengo ( pause ) do you have this journal ? vittoria I can have they fly here from geneva in a hour . he pause , think , then turn the phone on he desk to face she . while she pick it up to dial , the camerlengo come around he desk to speak privately to langdon . camerlengo Mr. langdon . you be correct that I may grant you access to the Archives . langdon thank you , padre . camerlengo I say you be correct that I may , not that I will . Christianity 's most sacred codice be in that archive . give you recent entanglement with the church -- I need to ask you a question first . langdon look at he -- fire away . camerlengo ( cont would ) do you believe in God , sir ? langdon ( delicately ) Father , I simply believe that religion can often - camerlengo I do not ask if you believe what man say about God , I ask if you believe in God . langdon I be a academic . my mind tell I I will never understand God . 24 . camerlengo and you heart ? langdon tell I I be not mean to . the camerlengo look at he -- that 's not quite good enough . langdon ( cont would ) I believe that faith be a gift , which I have not be fortunate enough to receive . the camerlengo look at he for a long moment . pretty damn good answer . he put a hand on langdon 's shoulder and lean in . camerlengo be delicate with we treasure . CUT to : ext apostolic palace day the back door of the apostolic Palace bang open and langdon be ushere out ( fast ) by olivetti , the head of the vatican Police . olivetti the archive be this way . they turn down a narrow passageway . a voice call from behind they . vittoria ( o.s. ) Professor langdon ! vittoria catch up to they . vittoria ( cont would ) if this path really lead to the Church of illumination , that may be where they have hide the antimatter . langdon " a shine star at the end of the path . " my thought exactly . olivetti ( to vittoria ) if we find this bomb , can you deactivate it ? 25 . vittoria no , but I can change its battery , as long as it have more than five minute of life . that would give we another twenty - four hour to get it back to cern . olivetti nod to she , come on along . they walk again , hold a hand out to langdon . vittoria ( cont would ) vittoria vetra . be you really a symbologist , or be he mock you ? langdon both . you be a physicist ? vittoria ( nods ) bio-entanglement physics . interconnectivity of life system . langdon okay . vittoria what be we look for in the archive ? langdon a little book write by Galileo . vittoria Galileo be llluminati ? langdon and a devout Catholic . he think science and religion be not enemy , but two different language tell the same story . he want like mind to be able to find the Church of illumination , but he could not exactly advertise its location , so he create a code path . a unknown llluminati master sculpt four statue , each a tribute to one of the four fundamental element -- earth , air , fire , water -- and put they out in public , in church throughout Rome . each statue hold a clue , point to the next . and at the end of the trail be the Church of illumination . 26 . vicenzo , lead they , turn up via sentinel and start up the hill toward the Archives . they follow , quickly . olivetti what make you think he 's go to murder the cardinal in the church ? langdon the llluminati call that four church by a special name -- l'altare di scienza . the altar of science . vittoria ( make the connection ) " sacrifice they on the altar of science , " he say . langdon stop in he track . langdon oh . oh , wow . he 's stare up at the impressive facade of the vatican Archives . he take a deep breath , then step forward to enter . but vincenzo do not follow . langdon look at he . langdon ( cont would ) we go in alone ? olivetti vatican Police be not allow access to the archive , only swiss Guard . Lt. chartrand will meet you inside . I will be here when you be do . langdon turn back to the Archives with a look of deep contentment -- he 's want in here for a long , long time . and step through the double door . CUT to : int apostolic palace day the camerlengo walk briskly through the hallway of the apostolic Palace , deep in think . he reach the top of the Royal staircase , and can hear the rumbling of activity in the sistine Chapel below . look down the stair , he see the doorway open , and the gather of cardinal inside . as he reach the base of the stair , cardinal mortati , who have be summon , step outside to meet he , flanke by he aide , Father simeon . 27 . vincenzo , lead they , turn up via sentinel and start up the hill toward the Archives . they follow , quickly . they speak in English , they common language . camerlengo you have be inform of the new situation ? mortati ( nods ) May God 's mercy be upon we . camerlengo and the other cardinal ? mortati await you word . the camerlengo think , feel the weight of this decision on he young shoulder . camerlengo May I ask you guidance , padre ? mortati my belief be we should proceed with the sealing of conclave . camerlengo at this hour ? that would be highly unorthodox . mortati and yet within church law . it 's in my power , I have be choose great elector . camerlengo the cruelest honor in christendom . mortati the only ambition I have be for my church . St. Peter 's church , which be under attack at its most vulnerable moment . this be not a coincidence . be it possible we enemy hope to distract we from we sacred task ? camerlengo the church will not fall in a day . we may be wise to consider evacuation . 28 . mortati that be exactly what they want , publicity and panic . we must not give they oxygen for the media fire . camerlengo what of the safety of the cardinal ? mortati surely there be not a elector present who value he physical be more than the unbroken leadership of the Holy see . camerlengo and the people in St. Peter 's Square ? mortati they care as deeply about they church as we do . they faith will sustain they . camerlengo but if they faith do not protect they from a explosion ? mortati we be all bound for heaven eventually , be we not ? camerlengo speak like one who have enjoy the blessing of a long and full life . mortati bristle at the thinly - veile insult . mortati signore , do not confuse the power of the office you temporarily hold with you true place here in the vatican . you be a favorite of his holiness , but his holiness be with he Father now . camerlengo mea culpa . satisfied , mortati look back over he shoulder , at the anxious face in the Chapel . then turn back to the camerlengo . mortati seal the door . 29 . with a heavy thud , the huge door close and bolt slam into place . a ancient key grind in a ornate lock , two heavy chain rattle into place , four swiss guard take position in front of the door and at that very moment -- int vatican archive day -- two huge , modern glass door whoosh open , revealing what look like a 23rd century library . it 's a massive underground space , like a darken airplane hangar , with a dozen glass box evenly space throughout . they be light up from within , each contain row upon row of bookshelve , neatly fill with book , papers , and arcana . lo. chartrand , a twenty - five year old member of the swiss Guard ( in a suit and earpiece , not the traditional garb ) , lead langdon and vittoria toward the glass enclosure . chartrand ( swiss accent ) the chamber be hermetic vault , oxygen be keep at lowest possible level . it 's a partial vacuum inside . more than ten minute in the vault be not recommend without breathe apparatus . he stop at one particular chamber and gesture to the sign on its door -- " Il processo galileano . " chartrand ( cont would ) I will be just outside the door . langdon start toward the entrance to the vault , but chartrand put a hand on he chest , stop he . chartrand ( cont would ) watch you , Mr. langdon . langdon look at he . he 's not popular around here . int galileo vault day the electronic revolve door spin and admit langdon to the interior of the vault . he take a deep breath , hold it , and let it out . vittoria follow shortly behind he , and she 's unprepare -- the lack of oxygen hit she hard , she dizzy . 30 . langdon take a moment . if you feel double vision , double over . vittoria ( bend over ) feel like I be ... scuba diving ... with the wrong mixture . langdon plenty of time . he check he watch . it 's 7:07 . langdon ( cont would ) uh ... actually , I take that back . CUT to : int a dark space day in a dark space , a tea bag bob delicately up and down in a cup of hot water . a elegant man in he forty , dress in a casual suit , no tie , hum softly to himself as he steep he tea . no idea of he name , but he suit be gray , so how about mr. gray . the tea be on a old wooden table , be heat by a small can of sterno . while Mr. Gray bob the tea bag , he stare at something to he right . money . a lot of it , in a number of different denomination , neatly segment in a briefcase . and three passport , all different color ( and nationality ) , neatly place on top of it . satisfied , Mr. Gray click the briefcase shut and slide it under the table , tucking it up against the wall . he remove the cup from the heat , still bob the tea bag . he walk , light by candlelight that throw harsh shadow on strange wall . he head down a very dark hallway , past a row of stonewall cell , and within each be the dimly light figure of the older man we see on the videotape earlier -- the kidnap cardinal . he stop at the last cell , where the man , cardinal lamasse , look up at he from the wooden bench he 's sit on . mr. gray you have no idea what you be miss . lamasse conclave will go on without we . the voice of God will not be silence . 31 . mr. gray I be refer to my tea . last chance , I would be happy to make you a cup . lamasse May God forgive you for what you have do . mr. gray Father , if God have issue they will not be with what I have do -- ( seem genuinely sadden ) -- but with what I be about to do . a moment later , Mr. Gray 's hand take the burn tin of sterno and toss it into a fireplace , where the liquid fire consume a pile of dry kindling . he pick up something else and place it in the heart of the flame . a long-handled iron rod . CUT to : int vatican archive day Inside the archive , vittoria be search the lower shelf while langdon , on a ladder , dig through folio bin higher up . langdon -- confiscate from the Netherlands by the vatican shortly after Galileo 's death . I have be petition to see it for almost ten year . ever since I realize what be in it . vittoria what make you so sure the segno be there ? langdon ( while search ) the number 503 . I keep see it over and over in llluminati letter , scribble in the margin , or sometimes just sign that way , " 503 . " it 's a numerical clue , but to what ? five , of course , be the sacred llluminati number -- the pentagram , pythagoras , a dozen other example in science -- but why three ? ( more ) 32 . langdon ( cont would ) it make no sense . and then I think -- what if it be a Roman numeral ? vittoria ( thinks ) d-i - I -I ? langdon d3 . Galileo 's third text . ( tick they off ) dialogo . discorsi . his eye light up as he pull a slender volume out of a folio bin on one of the top shelf . langdon ( cont would ) diagramma . a moment later , langdon , now wear white cotton glove , set the tiny manuscript on a view stand . langdon diagramma della verita . the diagram of Truth . vittoria I know about dialogo and discorsi -- Galileo laid out he theory about the earth revolve around the sun , and the church force he to recant . but what be this ? langdon this be where he get the word out . the truth , not what the vatican force he to write . smuggle out of Rome and print in Holland on sedge papyrus . that way any scientist catch with a copy could simply drop it in water and the booklet would dissolve . carefully , he turn the first page . langdon ( cont would ) between its delicate nature and the vatican burning , it 's say this be the only copy that remain . ( turn the second page ) ( more ) 33 . langdon ( cont would ) and if I be right the segno should be hide -- ( and the third ) -- on page number -- ( and the fourth ) -- five . he stop . they study the page , langdon ( cont would ) Latin . can you --- ? vittoria a bit . she reach for the book , to pull it towards she , but langdon slap she hand . he hold up he own , glove langdon finger acid . she roll she eye and lean in , study the page . there be sketches on the page as well . vittoria ( reading ) Movement of the planet ... elliptical orbit ... heliocentricity ... langdon 's nervous . this do not sound right . vittoria turn the page , turn it back . vittoria ( cont would ) I be sorry , I do not think there 's anything that could be interprete as a- langdon do that again . she turn the page , then turn it back . notice something in the deep crevice of the margin as the page move , langdon grab a magnify glass on the end of a long pole and swing it over . there , in the print gutter , what look like a smudge be reveal under the magnifier to be -- langdon ( cont would ) a line of text . in English . ( cont 'd ) 34 . vittoria English ? why English ? langdon no one speak it at the vatican . it be consider pollute . too free - think , the language of radical like Shakespeare and chaucer . he rotate the book . langdon ( cont would ) another line . he keep rotate the book , find two more tiny line write at the very edge , barely visible to the naked eye . langdon ( cont would ) " the path of light be laid , the sacred test ... " I need a pen , we have to transcribe this . vittoria sorry , Professor . no time . before langdon can do anything to stop she , she rip the page from the text and shove it in she pocket . langdon 's jaw drop . he shoot a look over he shoulder at Lt. chartrand , but the man 's back be turn . langdon ah , what the hell . he snap the magnify glass off the end of its pole . CUT to : ext vatican archive day the door slam on a vatican police car and the tire squeal as olivetti hit the gas . int car day olivetti be behind the wheel , vittoria 's in front , langdon lean in from the back seat . olivetti twenty minute till eight , where be we head ? 35 . langdon I will know in a minute , give I the paper . vittoria pull the page from the diagramma out of she pocket and hand it to langdon . he pull the magnifier from he coat and study the thin paper , turn it in he hand . langdon ( cont would ) ( reading ) from santi 's earthly tomb with demon 's hole ... olivetti where do you get that paper ?! langdon ' Cross Rome the mystic element unfold . vittoria we borrow it . langdon the path of light be laid , the sacred test ... olivetti be you insane ?! langdon let angel guide you on you earthly quest . olivetti you remove a document from the vatican Archives ?! langdon huh ? oh , um -- well , she move so fast .·. vittoria the first marker sound like it 's at santi 's tomb . langdon ( musing ) sound like . vittoria but who be santi ? 36 . langdon raphael . vittoria raphael ? the sculptor ? langdon santi be he last name . vittoria so the path start at raphael 's tomb ! langdon ( not entirely convinced ) yeah . olivetti raphael be bury at the pantheon . vittoria be the pantheon even a church ? olivetti ( snatching up the radio ) oldest Catholic church in Rome ! langdon have fall silent , but it all make perfect sense , so he say nothing as olivetti crank the wheel hard -- ext rome - STREET day -- the car fishtail into a 180 , and they take off in the opposite direction , head for the pantheon . CUT to : ext pantheon - side STREET day the police car pull to a stop , as quietly as possible , across a open plaza from the pantheon . two black alfa-Romeo with tinted window glide to a stop on either side of they . as langdon and the other get out , Commander rocher and three more swiss guard , all in black suit , surround they . rocher go straight to langdon , highly skeptical . rocher I have just pull a dozen of my best man from vatican City during conclave and leave the search for the antimatter device in the hand of secondary officer . you would better be right . 37 . langdon I believe I be . rocher the pantheon be one of the busy tourist spot in Rome , how could he hope to get away with it ? it 's impossible . langdon as impossible as kidnap four cardinal from vatican City ? the poem be precise . olivetti catch eye with langdon , who 's still clutching the page pull from the diagramma . he slip it quietly into he jacket pocket . rocher the poem . unbelievable . I be base this operation on a american 's interpretation of a four hundred year old poem . vittoria the information we have clearly refer to raphael 's tomb , and raphael 's tomb be inside that building . she point to the pantheon , its edifice shimmer in the early evening light . langdon the pantheon be you one chance to catch this guy . rocher one ? I think you say four . a pathway , four marker . we will have four chance to catch he . langdon you would have , a hundred year ago . the vatican have all the pagan statue in the pantheon remove and destroy in the late 1800s . whatever marker be there to lead we to the next church be go now . the path be dead . this be you chance . rocher look at he for a long moment , then turn abruptly to a uniformed officer . 38 . rocher Separate approach . Cars to piazza della rotunda , via degli orfani , piazza sant'ignazio , and sant1eustachio . no closer than two block , no uniform , three minute . understood ? the Officer salute and they snap into action . rocher ( cont would ) and I need a set of eye inside . two beefy guardsmen in black suit step forward . vittoria wait a minute , you will scare he off . rocher they be not in uniform . vittoria I be sorry , two weightlifter in match black suit and earpiece , they be hardly disguise . rocher there 's no time to get undercover man here . vittoria Fine . I will go . rocher I be not send a wom - her arched eyebrow stop he sentence in its track . rocher ( cont would ) -- a civilian into this situation . you have no communication and you can not carry a walkie-talkie , it 's too conspicuous . vittoria tourist have cell phone , do not they ? ( pull out she own and hold it to she ear ) hi honey , I be at the pantheon , you should see this place ! 39 . rocher seem to be think about it . langdon look at she , he protective instinct arouse . langdon you can not send she in there alone . rocher I do not intend to . ext pantheon - two minute later close on a pair of hand , link . vittoria and langdon , hold hand like lover , walk slowly toward the entrance to the pantheon . a couple dozen tourist , blissfully unaware , mill about the square while up on the rooftop , sniper have they in view . langdon look around , this be not what he have in mind . vittoria glance at he , amused . vittoria you be crush my hand . langdon I be sorry . vittoria a nervous newlyw ? langdon ancient newlyw . vittoria try harder . he put a arm around she waist , feel a lump in she back . langdon you really know how to use that gun give you ? vittoria I can tag a breach porpoise from forty meter off the bow of a rock ship . langdon think you say you be a physicist , vittoria I be . Long story . langdon make it short . 40 . vittoria ( thinks ) can not be do . what time be it ? langdon raise he hand and check he watch . langdon Seven minute to eight . vittoria ( of the watch ) be that mickey mouse ? langdon Long story . vittoria make it short . langdon ( thinks ) can not be do . and with that they step through the entrance and into -- int pantheon day -- the pantheon , a massive , circular room with a 141 - foot unsupported span even larger than the cupola of St. Peter 's . there be a dozen tourist scattered around , and a tour group on one side hearing a lecture from a museum docent . langdon look up at the hole in the ceiling through which a bright shaft of light be shine . langdon the oculus . that could be the " demon 's hole " in the poem . look around , vittoria see several sarcophagi scattered around the room , all point obliquely in a certain direction . as they move stealthily through the crowd , they speak in low tone : vittoria why be the tomb at a angle ? langdon to face east . Sun worship . vittoria but this be a Christian church . 41 . langdon ( shrug ) New religion often adopt exist holiday to make conversion less shocking . December 25th be the pagan holiday of the unconquered Sun . make it a handy choice for Christ 's birthday . vittoria you be say Christianity be repackage sun worship ? langdon where do you think halos come from ? not just sun worship though , the Catholic borrow Communion from the aztecs , canonization from euphemerus , the cruciform from the egyptian --- vittoria no wonder they do not like you around here . langdon just try to keep the conversation lively . ( point ) check the recess . I will go leave . see you in a hundred eighty degree . he start to the leave , she go to the right , walk in the shadowy recess behind the pillar at the edge of the room . langdon walk slowly , check out face . tourist . couple . teenager . more tourist . around every column , there be shadow , and in that shadow -- --- nothing . he look at he watch . five minute to eight . and then -- --- a shriek from the other side of the room . he whirl , see vittoria back away from something . langdon ( cont would ) vittoria ! he race across the room , reach she at the far side . her face be ashen . she 's point at something , aghast . 42 . vittoria raphael 's tomb ! but -- langdon rush forward to the crypt . there do not seem to be anything out of the ordinary , except --- vittoria ( cont would ) --- it 's the wrong one ! langdon what be you talk about ?! he lean down , look at the plaque on it . vittoria he be move here , in 1759 . a century after diagramma be publish ! langdon that 's not possible , the poem say - vittoria where be he originally bury ? langdon I do not know ... urbino , I think ... ( think like crazy ) santi 's earthly tomb ... what else could it possibly ... santi 's tomb ... his eye flit around the room , from one ornate sarcophagus to another . and then it hit he : langdon ( cont would ) damn it ! " santi 's tomb " must mean one of the chapel he build ! he 's not bury in it , he design it ! Rich people commission burial chapel in church all over Rome in he day ! ( look up ) and the " demon 's hole , " it be not the oculus , it 's a undercroft , a crypt , common sixteenth century term ! at that very moment , the tour group be pass they , and the elderly docent ask he group the perfunctory wrap - up : docent do anyone have any question ? langdon bust in on the group . 43. langdon yes ! do raphael santi ever design a chapel with a ossuary annex and angel figure commission by the Catholic Church ?! the docent blink . be not expect quite so esoteric a question . langdon ( cont would ) well ?! docent I be sorry , I ... I can only think of one . langdon suppress the urge to grab he by the lapel and shake it out of he . langdon one will do . CUT to : ext pantheon day a clock in the square outside the pantheon say 7:56 . langdon and vittoria face rocher , olivetti , and half a dozen swiss Guard . rocher wrong ? what do you mean , wrong ?! langdon ( fast ) the first altar of science be the chigi Chapel , in the church of Santa Maria del popolo , about a mile from here ! it use to be call capella della terra , Chapel of the Earth . Earth , the first element ! this be it , I be certain . rocher you be certain of the pantheon . langdon please , we have four minute ! rocher look at langdon with contempt , then bark order to he man in italian . they begin to head for they car . vittoria back to the vatican ?! you can not ! 44 . langdon commandante , if you care at all about you church - rocher my church ? my church feed the hungry , comfort the sick and die . what do you church do , Professor ? ( no answer ) ah , that 's right , you have not one . he turn and walk away , glaring at olivetti . rocher ( cont would ) take he if you want , but I be do with he . CUT to : ext piazza del popolo day olivetti 's car screech to a halt in the piazza del popolo at sunset . langdon , vittoria , olivetti , and vincenzo , the vatican cop who first come to see langdon , all climb out , start scan the square . langdon this be the place . he point to a obelisk in the center of the square . langdon ( cont would ) a obelisk , with a pyramid at the top . both masonic symbol . vittoria the freemason ? be illuminati ? langdon the illuminati be infiltrator . there be not a powerful organization on earth they do not place member in . look at a dollar bill some time . a pyramid , a occult symbol represent convergence upward , with the eye of illumination above it , and beneath it the Latin for " New World order . " 45 . vittoria the United States government be infiltrate by illuminati ? langdon FDR 's vice - president be a high - rank Freemason . convince he the word in Latin actually mean " New deal . " a church bell begin to toll . olivetti eight o'clock ! langdon take off run , toward and eleventh - century church at the southwest corner of the plaza , cover in scaffold . at the front door of the church , langdon hop over the sawhorse block the entrance and try the door . lock . a sign say the place be under construction . at a side door , olivetti race alongside the church , follow by the other . he reach a door with a large , heavy ring , and pull it toward he . but the door win t budge . he push , throw he shoulder into it . lock . langdon ( approaching ) no , no , it 's a annulus ! but olivetti just race onward , look for another door , follow by vincenzo . as they disappear around the back of the church , langdon step up to the large ring , give it a almighty twist -- int santa maria del popolo dusk -- and the heavy door clunk open . the interior of the church be a obstacle course of tear - up flooring , brick pallet , mound of dirt . silt drift in the die sunlight that shine through the break window and wall . nothing move . Dead silence . langdon and vittoria walk slowly to the middle of the floor , at one end of the chapel . there be eight recess , four on either side of a central aisle , all cover with large sheet of plastic , to protect they during construction . 46 . langdon ( whispering ) the chapel be in one of that apse . the plastic rustle ominously . anything could be behind any one of they . vittoria pull the gun from she waistband and hold it in front of she . langdon notice , it make he uncomfortable . langdon ( cont would ) you have to give that back . she look at he --- what be you , nut ? something rush at they from the side , she whirl -- --- and nearly blow olivetti to kingdom come as he and vincenzo barrel in through the side door . langdon gesture --- everybody quiet . olivetti point to the leave gesture to langdon and vittoria to go to the right . they separate , to either side of the main aisle . at the first chapel , langdon pull the plastic aside , eye scan the chapel . nothing . on the other side , olivetti do the same , at another chapel . nothing . at the third chapel , vittoria push the plastic aside , gun in front of she . there 's a sudden movement to she leave , she whirl -- --- and a rat scurries away . at the FOURTH chapel , langdon push the plastic aside , step inside -- -- and gasp . move behind he , we see a Christian chapel like no other we have ever see . finish entirely in chestnut marble , overhead it have a dome cupola with a field of illuminate star and the seven planet ( as know in Galileo 's day ) . further down the wall , there be tribute to earth 's four season but most incredible of all be the two huge structure that dominate the room from either side . 47 . pyramid . ten foot high . vittoria step in behind he . langdon pyramid . in a Catholic church . this be it . behind they , the plastic rustle , as if draw by a wind , and as langdon turn , he hear , faintly , a door close far away . he turn back , eye draw to the floor . there be a large oval medallion there , with a skeleton carve into it . it 's slightly off center , raise . as if it 's be open recently , and hurriedly replace . langdon ( cont would ) the demon 's hole . in the demon be hole , we be look up now as the medallion grind to the side . face peer down at we -- langdon , vittoria , olivetti , and vincenzo . they recoil from a stench . up top , langdon squint , try to see inside . langdon anybody get a flashlight ? vincenzo hand he one . langdon shine it down into the crypt . there be shape , but thirty foot down and hard to make out . there 's one in particular , in the darkness , seem too short to be a person , but it 's move slightly . olivetti can you tell what it be ? langdon not from up here . he reach down , rattles the ladder that lean against the wall of the crypt . take a deep breath , look at the other . langdon ( cont would ) that gun . keep them handy ? 48 . in the demon be hole , langdon reach the bottom , still shine the light at the figure in the distance . it 's brighter here , he can see it 's flesh - color , but still indistinct . he take a step toward it -- -- and something crunch under he foot . he shine the light down . he 's stand on a pile of human skull olivetti ( call down ) you okay ? langdon more or less . he take two more step , closer to the sway figure on the other side of the crypt . he can now clearly see a man 's naked back . langdon ( cont would ) he 's here ! I think he 's -- sit . ( move closer ) hello ? ( closer still ) be you all right ? it 's a human figure . as langdon draw close , he see the source of the movement --- rat , gnaw at the dead body . they scurry away as langdon come around the front , and we pull back to see what he see . it 's cardinal lamasse . he 's be bury in the earthen floor of the crypt up to he waist he jaw break , he mouth cramme full of dirt . but that 's not the worst of it . langdon gag as he see the blacken word that have be brand into the red flesh of the cardinal 's chest . it 's a ambigram , like we have see before , but this time it say -- earth . CUT to : int sistine chapel day cardinal mortati sit regally at the main altar at the front of the sistine Chapel as the elector , one by one , cast they vote in the traditional manner . 49 . a african cardinal at the front of the line kneel before he . african cardinal ( subtitled ) I call as my witness Christ the Lord , who will be my judge that my vote be give to the one who before God I think should be elect . the African cardinal stand , hold he ballot over he head , t lower the ballot to the altar , where a plate sit atop a large chalice . he place the ballot on the plate , then pick up the plate and use it to drop the ballot in the chalice . he then replace the plate over the chalice , bow to the cross , and head for he seat . the next cardinal step up to repeat the process . a short time later , a dissolve , and the line be go . mortati hold the chalice with all the vote . he shake it , choose one --- mortati eligo in summum pontificem -- -- and read a unfamiliar name . he make a note in a ledger , then raise a thread needle and pierce the ballot through the word " eligo , " slide the ballot on the thread . a short time later , another dissolve , and there be a hundred and sixty - one ballot on the thread , mortati look up from he ledger and speak to the room . mortati the first ballot have fail . he take he thread carry all the ballot and tie the end together to create a ring . he lay the ring of ballot on a silver tray . dust the tray heavily with a yellowish powder . a door open on a small incinerator . the ring of ballot be hurl inside and burst immediately into flame . 50 . a dark , brackish smoke billow up from the burn ballot , and we follow the smoke up , up , into the chimney -- ext ST . peter' square dusk --- and to the roof of the sistine Chapel , where the black iupke puff out into the early evening sky . below , a crowd of thousand groans in disappointment as the message be send --- no new pope yet . but while they be all watch the smoke , we turn we attention ? to the opposite direction , to the east , across Rome , to where --- CUT to : ext piazza del popolo dusk --- that black Alfa romeos , four this time , glide silently to a halt outside the church where langdon just find the corpse . swiss Guard in black suit pour out of the vehicle and hurry into the church , try to attract as little attention as possible . int santa maria del popolo dusk the inside of the church be be seal off as a crime scene . rocher , just arrive , take charge as the plastic be ripped off the chigi Chapel . rocher get that body out of there and search the rest of the building . swiss guardsman drop into the demon 's hole to remove the body . rocher ( cont would ) ( to another guardsman ) outside -- a perimeter . secure but invisible . no light , no gun , no one know . understood ? langdon , lose in think , drift through the small chapel , study the intricate carving and other artwork . langdon earthly symbology ... everywhere ... rocher pass through he field of vision , livid : rocher why the hell do not you figure this out in the first place ? 51 . it be more a rhetorical question , but langdon answer honestly , still lose in think , he voice soft . langdon I make a mistake . he drift toward a statue , of the high quality white marble , rest in a niche on the far side , out of the way of the mayhem . vittoria join he . vittoria be it raphael ? langdon the chapel be . but the sculpture be bernini . ( stunned ) the unknown illuminati master be bernini . vittoria do not he work for the Church ? langdon almost exclusively . it mean the illuminati even infiltrate the vatican . they hide in plain sight . he step closer to the statue . it 's of two life -size human figure , intertwined , one a regal , bearded man , the other a cherub , float overhead . langdon ( cont would ) habakkuk and the angel . vittoria habakkuk ? langdon the prophet who predict the annihilation of the earth . this be the first marker . he step closer , study it carefully . langdon ( cont would ) " let angel guide you on you lofty quest ... " his eye move slowly over the statue , and ours do too , from the angel 's innocent face , down he arm , and to he right hand , which be outstretch , one finger extend -- 52 . -- point the way . langdon ( cont would ) the path be alive . CUT to : ext piazza del popolo dusk langdon dash down the stair outside the church and into the middle of the piazza . it 's get dark now , shadow streaking the square . langdon Southwest ... it point southwest ... he get he bearing , look to the southwest , see nothing but building in the way . he run back up the church step , where vittoria and rocher be just come outside . langdon 's mind be racing . langdon ( cont would ) Earth -air-fire -water , we be look for a bernini sculpture have something to do with air ... ( to rocher ) and the next church be southwest of here . rocher you be sure this time ? langdon I need a map . one that show all the church in Rome . rocher just stare at he , study he . langdon ( cont would ) I could use it now . rocher start down the step toward he car . langdon ( cont would ) and a compass ! he look around , see the rickety scaffold outside the church , and --- 53. a moment later , --- he climb into we view , now on the scaffold . he 's move upward , fast , toward --- ext church roof dusk --- the roof of the old church , also undergo renovation . the view of Rome be spectacular from up here , and langdon rush to the western wall , look intently off in that direction . he see something that make he suck in he breath , hear a voice from behind he --- vittoria ( o.s. ) Robert ! --- and turn as vittoria toss something small and black up to he . a compass . he catch it , hold it steady , and walk toward the edge of the roof as the compass needle swivel and settles on SW . langdon look up , follow the line of the needle , up over the rooftop of Rome , to a massive structure in the distance , exactly in line with the compass needle . a huge dome on the horizon blot out the set sun . ST . peter' basilica . CUT to : int car night close on a map of Rome , unfold in the back seat of a racing car and spread out over langdon and vittoria 's lap . langdon have a pen and be draw a line on the map , through -- langdon the black rectangle with cross be church , and none of they intersect the line until it come to a end , right in the middle of St. Peter 's Square . night have fall , and the four Alfa romeos be now speed across Rome . no siren , but lot of speed . olivetti drive , rocher be in the passenger seat . 54 . rocher you theory do not hold up , Professor . Michelangelo design St. Peter 's , not bernini . langdon the basilica be Michelangelo , but the square be bernini . the second marker must be a statue in the square . vittoria it 's ten minute till nine ! can we go any faster ?! rocher not unless we want the full attention of the world press . she look down , to two television screen mount into the back of the front seat . both be tune to coverage of the papal selection process , reporter do stand - up from the middle of crowded St. Peter 's Square . we move in on one of the image , then into the image , come out - CUT to : ext ST . peter' square night --- on a television monitor in St. Peter 's Square . the reporter , a japanese woman , be give a stand - up report on the progress so far , gesture to the chimney over the sistine Chapel . the crowd have grow , now four thousand , maybe five . flashbulb pop . a few protester chant . almost silently , behind they all , half a dozen black Alfa romeos race in , too fast , and come to a abrupt halt . in rocher's car , they all get out , try to avoid cause a panic . langdon walk into the square , eye focus on a object in the middle . langdon another obelisk . we be close . he look up , at row after row of statue that ring the square from atop the oval colonnade . sharpshooter scurry among the statuary , set themselves up . 55 . in the crowd , rocher mutter into he radio and to undercover swiss guard scattered throughout . the crowd be unaware of they . langdon keep walk , turn in circle , look above he , to the top of the colonnade that border the square . vittoria there must be a hundred statue up there , which one be it ? langdon how in God 's name would anyone make a sculpture about air ? and indeed there be . langdon look at he watch . two minute to nine . and then he freeze . stare down , not up . he take a step back . there be a fresco carve into the square beneath he foot , or more accurately -- langdon ( cont would ) Bas relief ! he take a step back , to look at the carve , as do vittoria . langdon ( cont would ) the other half of sculpture be bas relief . ( to vittoria ) look for more ! something have to do with air ! they move through the crowd , push people aside , cause a bit of a ruckus as they try to uncover the elaborate carving in the stone of the square . ( if we be eagle - eyed , at this point we will see two robed men , one help the other , who carry a cross , as they pass through the crowd behind langdon . ) remember something , langdon rush forward , toward the center of the square , uncharacteristically brusque with the crowd , shove he way through now . he draw close to one carve in particular , slow to a stop , and stare down at it , eye wide . it 's a carve of a angel 's face , cheek billow outward as it blow a gust of wind , symbolize by five vertical streak . its title be --- 56 . langdon ( cont would ) " West ponente . " the West wind . a angel 's face and five streak . Air ! so this be it , but now what ? they look around frantically , scan the crowd . so do rocher , so do olivetti . the bell of St. Peter 's start to toll the hour . nearby , a little girl dance with a doll . happily unaware of what 's go on . elsewhere , some protester tangle . some believe one thing , other do not . swiss Guard and vatican Police race in to break it up . but there 's no bloodsh . close to that , a robed man carry a small wooden cross fall to the ground . somebody near he scream . nearby , the Little girl be jostle by a homeless man , drop she doll . the robed man be help to he foot by the Police . he 's fine . he wander away , hold he cross high . and as he pass we , we catch just a glimpse of he face --- -- and recognize Mr. Gray . the little girl bend down , pick up she doll , and see -- -- it's cover in blood . she look down at the ground , see a trail of blood , follow it with she eye to where --- -- the homeless man , dress in tear rag , lean against a fountain , gasp for breath . across the crowd , 57 . vittoria and langdon hear the scream . they be close , and they be at the fountain in just a few second . langdon drop to he knee , turn the homeless man over . through the man 's tear shirt , he can see a black and red brand burn into he chest . Three letter , ornate script , read the same front to back : AIR . vittoria grab he arm , feel for a pulse . vittoria he 's still alive ! but the die cardinal be gasp for breath , he mouth open and close like a fish on a dock . she bend down , arch he neck , close she mouth over he , and blow air into he lung . immediately , a fog of red mist billow from two puncture hole in the man 's chest , cover langdon in blood --- he face , he clothes . vittoria ( cont would ) his chest ! they puncture he lung ! langdon recoil in horror , overcome , completely out of he depth . rocher arrive , as do olivetti , as do a dozen more swiss guard and vatican police . rocher look around , defeat and enraged , as the cardinal expire and the crowd panic , flee in all direction . he press he radio to he lip and key the mic . rocher clear the square . CUT to : int bathroom night blood and water swirl down a drain . langdon look up from the sink , water rush from he face . he dry himself , look in the mirror . he hold up he hand . they be shaking . he 's stand in a lavish marble bathroom , now clean up and change into black pants and a black long - sleeve shirt . no Roman collar , they do not just give you that , but clearly the clothes of a priest . he step out of the bathroom and into --- 58 . int papal office night -- the papal office , where the camerlengo , rocher , olivetti , and vittoria be gather again , as be half a dozen other security officer . it 's crowded , busy , little knot of jurisdictional argument and compete theory around the room . the camerlengo , at he desk , be stunne , speak to olivetti . langdon edge close enough to hear , but not too close . camerlengo when do this call come in ? olivetti Three , four minute ago . the same voice as on the tape . we be analyze the accent now , alsatian be we best guess at the moment . camerlengo and he actually claim responsibility for the death of his holiness ? olivetti not personally , but he say it be the illuminati . he say they murder he . camerlengo that 's ridiculous , the Holy Father die of a stroke . do he say how they claim to have do it ? olivetti the Pope 's own medication . a drug know as heparin ? there be silence for a moment . rocher look up . look away . vittoria the Pope take heparin ? camerlengo he have thrombophlebitis . he take a injection once a day . but no one know that . olivetti someone know . 59 . rocher his holiness have health concern ; he be subject to seizure as well . but he take step to make sure he be -- watch . for safety . that 's all he wish to be make public , and that 's all we should discuss . vittoria ( ignore he ) heparin be lethal in the wrong dosage . a overdose would cause massive internal bleed and brain hemorrhages . at first it might look like a stroke , but in a few day he body would show sign , we could easily - rocher spin on she , livid . rocher Ms. vetra , in case you be unaware , papal autopsy be prohibit by vatican Law . we be not about to defile his holiness 's body just because he enemy claim to - camerlengo of course we be not . we will make a public announcement refute this absurd claim . Father simeon , cardinal mortati 's aide , step forward . fr . simeon I be afraid that 's out of the question . cardinal mortati have insisted this entire matter be keep internal . camerlengo cardinal mortati should not even be aware of this , he 's lock in conclave . fr . simeon his final instruction before sealing the door be very clear -- no outside communication unless absolutely necessary . camerlengo cardinal mortati will remember that he be Dean of the College of Cardinals , not his holiness himself . 60 . fr. simeon as you say . yet , technically , now that conclave have begin , it be he privilege and duty to control public announcement . I have draft a short release about the incident in the square , but any other statement be specifically prohibit . for that , the cardinal have ask I to remind you -- we have a chimney . the camerlengo just stare at he , a power struggle . which he be go to lose . camerlengo as you say . ( turn away ) Commander rocher , the search for the device ? rocher we have turn the power off and on to about twenty percent of vatican City . nothing on the video yet . camerlengo Mr. langdon , you have be right so far , if belatedly , about the path . it 's now nine fifteen , how quickly can you find the next church ? langdon refer to a map spread out on the desk . langdon the line of the breath in the carve point due east , directly away from vatican City , but there be five line , so there 's room for error . while he talk , a aide in a business suit be ushere quietly in the door by a swiss guardsman . he 's carry a satchel . vittoria recognize he , and he go to she . langdon ( cont would ) there be about twenty church that intersect it . none of they name invoke " fire , " but there must be a bernini sculpture inside one of they that do . I be go to need to get back into the Archives to find it . 61 . camerlengo ( to olivetti ) escort he . langdon look to vittoria -- you come ? she look up from a table , where she 's open the satchel bring in by the aide . she hold two leather - bound book in she hand . vittoria the journal I ask for . I would like to stay here and study they . if Leonardo tell anyone else about we project , that could be the killer . camerlengo Fine . the group start to break up , half of they head for the door . as langdon roll up the map on the desk , the camerlengo notice he black clothes for the first time . camerlengo ( cont would ) Professor , would it surprise you to find that clothes suit you ? langdon manage a sliver of a smile , start to like this guy . langdon it would surprise the hell out of I . CUT to : ext ST . peter' square night St. Peter 's have be clear out , the throng move to barricade at its edge so that the crime scene can be properly investigate . flashbulb pop everywhere . the row of tv reporter be nearly shoulder to shoulder , and we move along they --- first up be a italian reporter : italian reporter ( subtitled ) -- a statement just release by the vatican express sympathy for the family of the mugging victim , a tourist from dusseldorf -- still move , we pass a chinese reporter . 62 . chinese reporter ( subtitled ) --- who be now confirm dead . vatican Police have a suspect in custody , and after photograph the crime scene --- still move , a french reporter . french reporter ( subtitled ) --- will allow the crowd of faithful back into St. Peter 's Square , where security will be double . still move , a BBC reporter , in English . BBC reporter sadly , the vatican spokesman point out , where crowd go -- and finally , a american . american reporter --- so often follow crime . we be try now to get the name of the tourist who be - wait a- the american reporter look confuse , somebody 's talk to she in she earpiece . american reporter ( cont would ) we be get word now of -- smoke , smoke from the sistine Chapel chimney , apparently there 's be another vote I and almost as one , the row of tv camera all swing away from the crime scene in the square and up , to the sistine Chapel chimney , where there be indeed a thick cloud -- --- of black smoke . still no new pope , and the subject be effectively change . CUT to : int vatican archive night langdon and Lt. chartrand , the young swiss guardsman , walk quickly down the row of hermetically seal vault in the vatican Archives . langdon 's lead , look at the name on the outside of each of the individual vault . 63. chartrand what be you look for this time ? langdon asset . chartrand I beg you pardon ? langdon artwork be valuable , and corporation tend to keep track of they holding . chartrand the Catholic Church be not a corporation , signore , it be a beacon , a source of inspiration for one billion lose and frighten soul . langdon sure sure , I get that . he stop , point up at a sign on the end of one of the vault -- banco vaticano . langdon ( cont would ) but it 's also a bank . he take one last breath of oxygen-rich air , push through the revolve door -- int vault night --- and come through the other side , eye scan the place . a moment later , chartrand follow he through the door . langdon look at he --- you be come in too ? chartrand cfmmander olivetti say I be not to leave you side this time . langdon ( a mutter ) be not I , it be she , moving fast along the leather - bound volume , langdon search the place as fast as he can . bam ! a book drop onto a table , page flip by , langdon study it , slam it shut . 64 . bam ! bam ! two more book , flip open , compare , page rifle , nothing . back in the stack , he hand find a five- inch thick ledger mark " bernini . " on a table , it smack down and open to the first page . langdon sit , begin turn the page , one by one . looking at the page , he vision momentarily blur . he rub he eye , it clear again . he look up , at a vent over the doorway . thin ribbon flutter in the breeze of the minimal oxygen that 's be pump in . he go back to work . chartrand watch he . CUT to : int papal office night look out the window of the papal office , we see the barricade remove from the edge of St. Peter 's Square . the crowd return . pull back , we see the camerlengo look out at they , think , troubled . there be still half a dozen Security official in the papal office , but the camerlengo turn and look at vittoria , work alone at a desk on the far side of the office . at the desk , vittoria pore over the journal send from geneva . sense something , she look up . the camerlengo be stand over she . he speak quietly . camerlengo what sort of sign ? vittoria I be sorry ? the camerlengo look over he shoulder , to make sure they conversation be private . camerlengo if the Holy Father be give a overdose of heparin ... what sign would he body bear ? 65 . vittoria bleed of the oral mucosa . ( off he question look ) his gum . postmortem , the blood congeal and turn the inside of the mouth black . camerlengo even though he die fourteen day ago ? vittoria it would not show up until at least a week after he death . he look around the room once more . then back to she ? camerlengo he be ... very important to I . vittoria I understand . he think for a long moment , then -- camerlengo please come . --- turn and leave the room . she make sure no one 's look , then follow he out . she leave the journal behind . CUT to : int vatican archive night close on the bernini ledger , which langdon be now almost halfway through . he tiyrn a page , scan the list of item write there , then move on to the next . he blink , he vision blur again . he look over at chartrand , who 's suffer even worse , panting for air , hand on he knee . langdon you do not smoke , do you ? chartrand ( yes , a lot ) a little bit . langdon sit down before you fall down . 66 . chartrand half -stumble into a chair on the opposite side of the table . langdon go back to what he be do , flipping a page -- --- and then immediately flipping it back . there be a hand - write notation alongside one of the entry . langdon ( cont would ) my italian 's no good , what do this note say ? next to the entry for the ecstasy of St. Teresa ? chartrand lean over the ledger , squinting hard , try to focus . chartrand " move at suggestion of the artist . " langdon move to another church ? at bernini "s suggestion ? chartrand , really suffer for air , can not follow it . chartrand I do not know . langdon flip the page back , to a photograph of the sculpture in question . the statue be of a woman , seemingly in the throes of ecstasy , while a angel hover over she hold a spear aloft . langdon raise a eyebrow . the word " seraphim " jump up from the page , word in quote after it -- " seraphim , meaning ' the fiery one ... ' " langdon Fire . more word pop out at we -- " his great golden spear ... fill with fire ... " langdon ( cont would ) Fire . still more -- " woman inflame by passion 's fire ... " and now a close - up of she enrapture face . 67 . langdon Fire . and now three thing happen in quick succession : -- langdon slam the ledger shut , -- the ribbon on the air vent fall as the oxygen into the vault be cut off , and -- one by one , all the light in the archive go out . total silence for a moment . langdon and chartrand look at each other in the darkness . langdon ( cont would ) the door -- ? chartrand Electronic . langdon that 's too bad . CUT to : int ST . peter' basilica night the camerlengo , flanke by two swiss guardsman , escort vittoria rapidly across the desert floor of St. Peter 's basilica . vittoria where be we go ? camerlengo to see my father . vittoria I do not understand . they circle past a pillar and she see a orange glow up ahead , seem to emanate from beneath the floor in the center of the basilica . camerlengo I be orphane when I be nine year old . a bombing in Madrid -- basque separatist protest the visit of a Catholic archbishop . as they draw closer , she see it 's the entrance to a sumptuous underground chamber , surround by score of glow oil lamp . 68 . camerlengo ( cont would ) the archbishop feel responsible , and he adopt I the follow day . I be raise by he , and by the church . the camerlengo start down a wind stairway , rimmed by the lamp , on the staircase , they descend , light by the spectral glow of the oil lamp . camerlengo ( cont would ) he be the wisest man I ever meet , even with my youthful foolishness . he always see the middle way . I want to be ordain , but I also refuse to be excuse from military service . so he suggest I fly rescue mission , helicopter bring the wounded to hospital . he stop at the bottom of the stair and look up at she . camerlengo ( cont would ) he be a great man . vittoria he die ? camerlengo ( nods ) fourteen day ago . vittoria , stunne , realize who he 's talk about . CUT to : int vatican archive night ka-chung ! emergency light switch on in the vatican Archives , casting a weird , reddish glow over everything . but the ribbon at the oxygen panel remain limp . below , langdon push , again and again , on the deaden exit button , try to activate the door . nothing do . he 's weak , weaving , barely on he foot . chartrand 's already slump against a wall , he radio in hand , key it over and over again , but get only static . 69 . langdon anything ? chartrand gesture weakly around the room . chartrand wall ... lead-line ... no signal . langdon blink , he vision become seriously impair . he hold he eye close for a moment , open they , it 's not much better . langdon look at the glass wall on the far side of the vault . then at the row of bookcase . get a idea . he go to the last bookcase , which be about six foot from the glass wall . he hoist himself up on the shelf of the bookcase opposite it , wedge himself in . and push with one leg . the giant bookcase teeter , but just barely . langdon hoist himself further up , get both leg up against the bookshelf . pushes again -- more movement this time . now he put everything he have into it , strain like hell . the bookcase start to tip , go just past the point of no return , start to fall , gloriously head straight for the glass wall , which it slam into with enormous power and -- --- stop . lean against the wall . forget crack , there 's not even a scratch . langdon curse under he breath , look around for another idea . he hear a soft thud from the other side of the room , see chartrand have slump over , unconscious . but he jacket have fall open , revealing the sidearm he carry in a shoulder holster . langdon' hand slip the gun out of the holster and heft it . safe bet he 's never hold one of this before . he stagger over toward the glass wall , raise the gun , and pull the trigger . nothing happen . trigger do not even move . 70 . after a moment of oxygen - poor think , he figure out how to click off the safety . tries again . ( pow . ) the sound of the shot be barely audible to langdon . his brain 's go fast . if he be hope to bring the whole wall down , he fail , but there 's a faint hissing sound come from the bullethole , and he go to it and take a deep breath of air from the outside . he stand back , he brain clear momentarily . seize by a idea , he look up at the wall , at its four corner , and at the tiny web of crack radiating out from the hole he just make in the center . he raise the gun again and fire off four shot in quick succession . they be in a odd pattern -- upper leave corner , upper right , not quite as high , lower middle - leave , and the very lower right corner . now there be four new hole , each hissing slightly , and the first hole , in the center . shake he head once more to clear it , langdon step forward to the glass wall , but instead of barrel against it or throw a chair , he simply raise one hand , place it flat over the first hole he make , the one in the center of the glass wall --- -- and press gently . almost immediately , a sharp SOUND come from the hole beneath he hand and a jag crack leap out from the first hole , shoot up to connect with the hole in the upper leave corner . he press just a touch harder and a second crack start , shoot down to the lower right . then a third , and a fourth , the glass be crack like ice in springtime , all four extremity connect with the central hole , and with a huge groaning SOUND - - -- the entire glass wall fall to piece at he foot . Air rush into the vault . and , would not you know it , the power come back on in the Archives . CUT to : 71 . int vatican grottoe night vittoria , the camerlengo , and the two swiss Guard reach the entrance to the Holy vatican grottoe just as -- -- they power go out . two flashlight click on , and the guardsman lead the way in . on both side , hollow nich line the wall . recessed in the alcove , as far as the flashlight let they see , the hulk shadow of sarcophagi loom . on top of each tomb be life-size marble carving of each Pope , show in death and wear full papal vestment , arm fold across they chest . camerlengo if the Holy Father be murder , the implication be profound . vatican security be impenetrable , no one from the outside could have get anywhere near he . vittoria meaning it be someone on the inside . camerlengo we can trust no one he step up he pace , take the lead , know exactly where he 's go . the other fall behind , as everyone slowly realize what he intend to do . and they be not at all sure they be up for it . at the late pope' sarcophagus , the camerlengo close the last few foot alone . he knee down in front of the bright marble carve , a likeness of the late pope. he whisper . camerlengo Father ... Holy Father ... you tell I when I be young that the voice in my heart be that of God . you tell I I must follow it no matter what painful place it lead . I hear it now , ask I the impossible . give I strength . forgive I . what I do , I do in the name of everything you believe . behind he , 72 . the other watch as he finish he private prayer , stand , and turn to they . camerlengo ( cont would ) remove the cover . nobody move . just stare at he . camerlengo ( cont would ) do you hear I ? swiss guardsman signore , by law we be at you command . but we be also bound by - camerlengo I ask you forgiveness for put you in this position . vatican law be establish to protect the church . but it be in that very spirit that I command you to break they now . a moment of silence , and then -- -- they step forward . set they flashlight on the floor . and step to the tomb . brace they hand against the marble cover near the head of the tomb , they plant they foot and push . it do not move . they push harder . vittoria and the camerlengo join they . with a almost primal growl of stone on stone , the lid slide , rotate off the top of the casket and come to rest at a angle . the camerlengo pick up a flashlight and shine it in the crypt . vittoria lean forward . the light creep up the Pope 's body , over he burial vestment , past he fold hand , and finally to he face . his cheek have collapse , the Pope 's mouth gape wide -- -- and he tongue be black as death . CUT to : 73. ext vatican archive night the face of langdon 's mickey mouse watch be smear with blood from a cut on he hand , but we can still read the time . it 's 9:41 . langdon and chartrand stagger down the front step of the vatican Archives , where they be immediately meet by three vatican Police car . olivetti leap out of one and meet they at the base of the step , hold he hand up in defense almost before langdon can lay into he . langdon be you out of you mind ?! olivetti please . in the car . langdon someone try to kill I . olivetti do you know where the next church be ? langdon yes . olivetti then get in the car ! langdon jump in the back seat of the car with olivetti , and they squeal away from the Archives . in the car , they continue as the driver tear through the street of Rome . olivetti we have no idea that -- langdon you hear I ask permission ! you assign I a escort ! do not try to tell I you do not know I be in there ! olivetti ( let I finish ) of course I know , but we have no idea that portion of we white zone be 74 . olivetti ( cont would ) cross - wire with that building . Commander rocher be extend the search , if he would know the Archives be on that grid , he never would have kill the power . langdon look at he evenly , see in olivetti 's eye that they may be think the same thing . langdon or there be the other possibility . olivetti do not answer . but he 's think about it . langdon ( cont would ) infiltration be the illuminati specialty -- why not the head of the swiss Guard ? olivetti ( agonized ) perhaps . langdon I want to speak to the camerlengo . olivetti Il camerlengo be unavailable , langdon unavailable ? why ? olivetti he 's find evidence that the Holy Father be indeed murder . he be seek guidance . langdon from whom ? olivetti look at he -- what be you , a idiot ? olivetti from God . langdon oh , right . olivetti please . make a effort . CUT to : 75 . int papal office night vittoria , escort by the two swiss guardsman from the grottoe , return to the papal office . she go to the desk where she be sit earlier , to resume she examination of the journal . but the desk be bare . vittoria the journal . where be they ? the guardsman look at she blankly . vittoria ( cont would ) who take the journal from this desk ?! int apostolic palace - great staircase night the camerlengo , in deep meditation , slowly descend the stair that lead to the sistine Chapel . at the bottom , four swiss Guard ( in traditional garb ) guard the lock door . the camerlengo reach they . hesitates . look heavenward for one last word of encouragement , and then -- camerlengo unseal the door . int sistine chapel night there be a audible gasp from the assemble cardinal as the heavy lock clunk open , the chain rattle away , and the main door of the sistine Chapel sweep open . the camerlengo walk in , a stark presence in he black cassock amid the sea of red robe . cardinal mortati step from behind the altar to meet he . mortati signore , do you realize that for the first time in vatican history , a camerlengo have just cross the sacred threshold of conclave after sealing the door ? CUT to : camerlengo there have be a development . 76 . ext rome - STREET night olivetti 's Alfa Romeo race through the street of Rome , trail by three other car . int sistine chapel night the camerlengo have just pass on the shocking news , and the whisper word " murder " can be hear in several language . even mortati be shake . the camerlengo speak to the Cardinals . camerlengo please ... a moment ... if I ... he stride quickly up the step of the altar to address the group -- again , to the shock and surprise of this most conservative and rule- bound group . but no one stop he . camerlengo ( cont would ) it be true we be under attack from a old enemy . and this time they have strike from within , murdering we Holy Father and threaten we all with destruction at the hand of they new god , science . so what be we to do ? int olivetti's car night close on the dashboard clock in olivetti 's car , which now read 8:57 . langdon look up from it , stare intently through the windshield . on the horizon , he see a faint orange glow . langdon oh no . int sistine chapel night the camerlengo continue , and the cardinal be listen . camerlengo since the day of Galileo , the church have try to slow the relentless march of science , sometimes with misguide mean , but always with benevolent intention . still , they call we backward , ignorant . 77 . camerlengo ( cont would ) but who be more ignorant ? the man who cannot define lightning , or the man who do not respect its awesome power ? int olivetti's car night through the windshield of olivetti 's car , we see that orange glow , closer now . it 's a building on fire . int sistine chapel night the camerlengo continue , grow passionate . camerlengo the promise of science have not be keep . we be a fracture and frantic species , move down of destruction in the name of progress . ext santa maria della vittoria night the police car come to a abrupt stop in front of the Church of Santa Maria della vittoria . flame glow like evil eye through the stain - glass window fifty foot above the ground . a small crowd have gather , stabbing at they cell phone . a siren wail in the distance . int sistine chapel night mortati 's aide , Father simeon , take advantage of the open sistine Chapel door and slip inside . he take a place just behind mortati as the camerlengo go on . camerlengo Science and religion be not enemy . but there be thing that science be simply too young to understand . we be here to lead , but how ? ext santa maria della vittoria night with three sharp crack , olivetti fire into the lock in the front door of the church . he kick it open -- -- and flame rip out into the night air . int sistine chapel night the camerlengo speak faster now : 78 . camerlengo shall we cloak ourselves in silence and secrecy , as in the past ? or do we open the door , take down the blacken curtain , and speak to we flock ? int santa maria della vittoria night olivetti , langdon , and four other vatican police make they way into the burn church . there be a massive pile of church pews in the center aisle , burn wildly . int sistine chapel night the camerlengo 's wrapping up : camerlengo signore , I ask , no , I pray that you break this conclave . open the door . int santa maria della vittoria night in the burn church , two heavy incensor cable run from the wall of the church and rise above the burn pews at a angle , strung tightly to a center point . langdon follow the wire up with he eye -- int sistine chapel night camerlengo evacuate St. Peter 's Square . int burning church night -- the wire meet at a center point , just above the roaring flame , where -- int sistine chapel night camerlengo tell the world the truth . int burning church night -- the third cardinal , still alive , be suspend over the searing flame . a word be brand into the center of he bare chest : FIRE . 79 . vatican Police , lead by olivetti and vincenzo , race into the building and draw they weapon . olivetti shout to they in italian , look for a way to cut down the agonize cardinal . langdon race toward the pyre , but be repell by a wall of heat ten foot away . the cardinal scream , and langdon look to the side , follow the cable that reach to the wall . one of the vatican cop duck into the left side aisle , which be light only by the wild orange flame . he creep forward , gun in front of he , toward a fire extinguisher mount on the wall . he reach for it -- -- but a hand reach for he from behind , he 's pull off he foot and -- in the MAIN aisle , olivetti and vincenzo whirl as two gunshot come from the darken side aisle . they race toward it . at the bonfire , langdon shout to two more vatican cop , point upward . langdon the cleat , on the wall ! get something to stand on ! he 's point at a cleat , maybe ten foot up on the wall , where the right guide wire be attach . vatican cop 2 &amp ; 3 drag a half - burn pew out of the fire and pull it underneath , lean it against the wall for great height , langdon start to climb it , to uncleat the wire . in the darkened left aisle olivetti creep forward , gun at the ready , vincenzo close behind he . they see a form on the floor in front of they and olivetti bend down -- it 's the first vatican policeman . Dead in a pool of he own blood . 80 . vincenzo , stand behind olivetti , look down , horrify , and in that moment of distraction , a figure creep up behind he -- -- and twist he head 180 degree with one smooth motion . olivetti whirl , but he gun come around a split - second slower than he do and in that split- second a shadow fall over he , something slashes through the air and -- in the MAIN aisle , langdon struggle to climb the pew that 's lean against the wall as vatican cop 4 find a long - handle candle snuffer and race toward the edge of the fire with it . blink back the intense heat , he manage to hook the Cardinals manacle foot with it , he turn to langdon -- -- who , stretch as far as he possibly can , just manage to loose the wire from its cleat , hold tightly to it so as not to let the cardinal go into free-fall . but the pew on which he 's balanced start to wobble , then - -- -- blam ! blam ! two gunshot thud into the chest of vatican cop 2 &amp ; 3 , who be support the pew . they fall , the pew tip -- -- and langdon , fall -- -- lose he grip on the chain . the cardinal fall toward the flame . vatican cop 4 try to pull he to safety , but do not have enough of whirr through the pulley until it reach its the cardinal to a abrupt stop , six foot lower -- and directly in the middle of the bonfire . his shriek of agony echoe through the burn church . langdon slam to the floor just at the edge of the burn church pews , maybe cracking a rib on the hard floor of the church . a figure step out of the shadow , loom over he , langdon look up , expect a gunshot , but instead -- -- see the bleed figure of olivetti , staggering toward he , clutching he slit throat in he last moment of life . nearby , 81 . vatican cop 4 be desperately try to pull the cardinal from the flame , the end of the candle - snuffer be now hook around the cardinal 's foot , he pull he closer , reach out , can almost grab he ankle -- -- until he be shot in the back . he fall to the floor , draw and drop he gun in the process , lose he grip on the long - handle pole as well . on the ground , bleed , he see he gun , just a foot away from he hand . he reach for it . and a foot step on he wrist , breaking it . Mr. Gray stand over he , implacable . from a distance , we see Mr. Gray fire two shot into the ground where cop 4 be lie . then he turn toward we . nearby , langdon , still on the ground , look up at the sound of the shot . through the burn church pews he can see Mr. Gray , start toward he . langdon crawl , on all four , through the outskirt of the bonfire , toward a recess part of the wall ten or fifteen foot away . Mr. Gray step up behind he , raise he gun -- voice ( o.s. ) polizia ! -- and turn . two more cop , Roman carbinieri , have run into the burn church and be make they way down the center aisle , straight toward he . Mr. Gray raise he leave ( non-gun hold ) hand , display a leather billfold with a badge in it . mr. gray ( good italian accent ) Gendarmeria vaticano ! recognize the id , the two cop glance away for a second , to search the rest of the church -- 82. -- and Mr. Gray blast two shot into each of they . they drop , dead , but one of they squeeze off a single round before fall . Mr. Gray look down , at he right shoulder , where a dark red stain be spread on he suit . he touch it , more annoyed than anything . underneath the burning pews , langdon have crawle as close as he dare to the raging fire , and the sleeve of he shirt be ablaze . he roll out the other side of the ember , stamp out the flame , get to he foot , and take off run . Mr. Gray pursue , only slow he gait slightly to double tap two shot into the head of a die vatican cop . across the church , langdon hurl himself over a balustrade and into a chapel on the far side of the church . bullet shatter the glass of a elevate crypt , three foot off the floor . ( Inside be a superbly detailed wax statue of a saint in death . ) langdon dive under it and crawl backwards , stare in horror at Mr. Gray 's foot as they approach the chapel from across the church . langdon 's back thud into a wall . Dead end . but there 's a old wooden grate in the wall . he turn , kick it with both foot . the grate crunch into piece , revealing a narrow crawlspace in the crawl space , langdon army -crawl through it . Mr. Gray 's face appear in the entry to the crypt . he pause to change clip on he handgun -- -- the floor beneath langdon abruptly run out -- -- Mr. Gray raise he gun -- -- and langdon disappear . the gunshot thud into cement wall where he be , not where he be . 83. underground , langdon crunch to a hard landing on a subterranean stone floor , roll over , and see Mr. Gray above he , now point down . but there 's another crawl space , and langdon scurries into it . in the second crawl space , it 's hopelessly dark , a even tighter space than the last one , fill with cobweb that langdon blindly claw he way through . he hit another hole in the floor , fall a second time --- into the catacomb , -- and land on top of a pile of long - decaye skeleton in the nearly - black bottom of the church 's underground warren of hide place . he look up . he 's ten foot from the nearest handhold , only a fool would follow he down here back up in the burning church , -- and Mr. Gray be no fool . he step back over the balustrade and leave the chapel . the waxen face of the carve in the sarcophagus melt in the intense heat of the out -of- control fire . CUT to : int sistine chapel - salon night in the salon outside the sistine Chapel , the camerlengo wait alone . from inside can be hear the sound of voice in debate . finally , the big door open and cardinal mortati emerge , go to he . mortati my son ... God answer all prayer . he put a hand on the camerlengo 's shoulder . mortati ( cont would ) but sometimes the answer be no . the camerlengo close he eye -- this be a terrible , terrible mistake . 84 . mortati the College will not break conclave . camerlengo we can not hide this anymore . the burn church -- mortati a despicable act of terrorism . Father simeon will make a suitable announcement lament the loss of life . May I suggest you direct you energy to help the swiss Guard confront the possibility of this explosive device , and leave church leadership -- he gesture to the open door to the sistine Chapel , and the assemble cardinal within . mortati ( cont would ) -- to its leader . the camerlengo look at he for a long moment , then turn and wa1k away . Father simeon , who have be lurking in the open doorway to the chapel , now glide up beside he and touch mortati 's arm . fr. simeon eminence . there be a grow fear that without the four prefiriti , a two - third majority for any candidate may be impossible . unless -- he trail off , gesture vaguely . mortati speak plainly . fr . simeon it be the recommendation of many that you ask to be remove from you post as great elector -- mortati raise a eyebrow , see where this be go . fr. simeon ( cont would ) -- thereby make yourself eligible to wear the Ring of the fisherman . 85 . mortati look at he for a moment , then look back , over he shoulder , where a small knot of Cardinals , who have clearly discuss this , be look at he in confirmation . mortati if it be God 's will , may his will be do CUT to : int office of the swiss guard night close on a handwritten page , half - fill with mathematical computation ; the other half with a scratchy handwritten prose . ( if we're eagle - eyed , we will notice the phrase we move past just as we cut into the scene be " may his will be do , " the same phrase we just hear mortati utter . ) commandante rocher be at he desk , vittoria 's leather - bound journal on the desk in front of he . he 's study they carefully , and seem troubled by what he read . through the glass wall of he office , we can see a commotion in the still - chaotic swiss Guard headquarters . someone be walk toward we , briskly , a woman' voice complain loudly in italian . rocher calmly place the journal on top of the screen of the video monitor inlaid in he desk , the one we see earlier , with a keyhole where a power switch should be . he push a button and the monitor rotate shut , into a inlaid panel in the desk 's surface . it close just after -- vittoria ( o.s. ) that journal be private property . -- vittoria arrive in the doorway , livid . vittoria ( cont would ) I demand that you return they to I . rocher ( no attempt at a denial ) they be material evidence in a vatican investigation . vittoria I be a italian citizen and I have a right to - 86 . rocher this be not Italy . it be not even Rome . the vatican be its own country , with its own law , and when that journal cross we border they become we property . you will get they back when I have decide they contain nothing of value to this investigation . she look at he , then down at the desk , where the outline of the hide panel be visible in the veneer of the wood . vittoria do you have something to hide , commandante rocher ? rocher do you , Doctor vetra ? he stress she title , as if it offend CUT to : ext santa maria della vittoria night the burn church , now mostly extinguish . but a large crowd have gather , along with a dozen police and fire vehicle . int santa maria della vittoria night as firemen put out the last of the flame ( not use water , but halon gas , which create no steam ) , a metallic tapping sound come from somewhere . one of the firemen approach another , get he attention -- stop what you be do and listen . they shut down a hose and stop , listen . there it be again . they shout in italian to the other , now everybody shut down they hose and listen . the metallic tapping echoe in the smolder church . they walk toward it -- it 's come from a oval plate in the floor , like a manhole cover , heavy and carve . we have see one of this before , it lead to a demon 's hole . the tapping be louder now , rhythmic . somebody 's down there . crowbar be produce , the cover of the demon 's hole be pried off and shove aside , revealing -- 87 . -- Robert langdon , wedge into the top of the open , hold a rock in one hand as he cling precariously to the wall he have climb . strong hand reach down , haul he to he foot -- at the front of the church , -- and that same foot hurry to the front of the smolder church , come to a stop in front of -- -- bernini 's ecstasy of St. Teresa . the statue he come here to find . now , as the italian -speak police and firemen work around he , langdon move , as if in he own world . he look to the statue , repeat fragment of the poem he have by now memorize : langdon let angel guide you on you lofty quest ... directly over the recumbent saint , against a backdrop of gild flame , hover bernini 's angel . the angel 's hand clutches a point spear of fire . langdon ( cont would ) Cross Rome the mystic element unfold ... langdon 's eye follow the direction of the shaft , arcing toward the right side of the church . voice ( o.s. ) Professor ? a roman policeman , a member of the carbinieri , come up to langdon , discuss he in italian with two other cop as he approach . roman cop langdon , be it ? langdon ignore he , point at the wall instead . langdon what direction be that ? roman cop direction ? West , I think . Mr. langdon , we have confirm with the vatican that they invite you into this investigation , but what I - 88. langdon map. a moment later , as if by command , a map crinkle out on the floor of the church . it 's detailed , a fire department map , and langdon drop down on all four , study it . langdon we be here ... piazza barberini ... langdon whip a glance over at the angel , get bearing , and rotate the map to match . his finger travel over the map and -- close on the map , we watch as he finger cross church after church after church , tiny black box with cross in they . there must be two dozen . langdon damn it . he sit back for a moment . the Roman cop bend down next to he . treat he like a crazy person . roman cop Professor , I need to know what you see here . langdon Fire and death . show I where Santa Maria del popolo be . ( the cop do not understand ) the Church , it be the first altar of science . the cop point to a spot at the top center of the map . langdon ( cont would ) and St. Peter 's be ... the cop point to a spot at the bottom center . langdon 's eye widen , he grab the cop by the lapel -- -- and pull a pen from the man 's pocket . 89 . he turn back to the map and draw a straight line , from north to south , connect the two church the cop just point to . langdon ( cont would ) and we be over here -- he put the pen on a point on the eastern side of the map . langdon ( cont would ) -- and west be -- he draw a line straight across the map , to the west , suck in he breath as he realize something . langdon ( cont would ) ' Cross Rome ... now he stand , slowly , and as he stand , we rise up , to get a bird - eye view of the map on the floor . on which he have draw a perfect cross . langdon ( cont would ) it 's a cross . the poem mean it literally . the four altar of science form a perfect cross . the cop , who have no clue what he 's talk about , get a call on he radio and turn away to take it . langdon ( cont would ) ( mutter to himself ) which mean the fourth element , water , should be right about -- he drop to he knee again , and trace the horizontal line to where it stop on the western side of the city , exactly as far from the center line as be the church on the eastern side . langdon ( cont would ) here . roman cop ( behind he ) Professor , I be ask to escort you to the vatican immediately . Commander rocher have ask to see you . langdon ( ignore he ) Water . 90 . as langdon peer down , we see the line on the map come to a stop in the center of a place call piazza navona , and as we go in closer on the map , a odd - shape object in the middle of the piazza start to move , to ripple , right there on the map , and we hear the sound of run water as it slowly dissolves to -- dissolve to : ext piazza navona night -- bernini 's spectacular Fountain of the four Rivers in the piazza navona . there be a black van park beside the fountain , and we drift over toward it . pass through the passenger window , we go inside to find -- -- Mr. Gray , face the rear of the van , he jacket off and he shirt open , engage in battlefield surgery on he injure right shoulder . use a long - handle tweezers , he dig into he own flesh , get a hold of the bullet that pierce he , and toss it onto the metal floor of the van with a ting . it land beside a lumpy tarp , and as metal hit metal , the tarp jump . there 's a human be in there . Mr. Gray speak to the lump . mr. gray be it up to I , it would not be this way . it be a sin to kill with pain . ( sigh ) but I be a sinner . we pan off he quickly and look out the driver 's window , up at a clock tower on the far side of the plaza . it 's sixteen minute to eleven . CUT to : ext burning church night langdon hurry down the step of the still - smolder church , follow closely by the Roman cop and two other cop . roman cop Professor ! the vatican insist that - 91 . langdon ( turn on he ) the vatican be about to see its fourth cardinal murder tonight . he realize he speak too loudly , and there be quite a crowd assemble outside the smoking church . langdon lower he voice and press in . langdon ( cont would ) now you can either do what they tell you and force I to go to the vatican , where we can all mourn he death together , or you can show they how real cop act and take I to the piazza navona , where we might be able to stop it . the cop look at he , think , confer with another cop in rapid italian . langdon check he watch . langdon ( cont would ) by all mean , talk it over . but in fourteen minute he will be dead . CUT to : ext ST . peter' square night St. Peter 's Square be even more crowded than before . another move down the row of international television reporter , but this one 's about twice as fast as the last one . ( anybody not speak English be subtitle . ) south african reporter -- possibility of terrorism , as the church have now confirm arson at one of its oldest and holy church move on , to a asian reporter : asian reporter -- result in at least six confirm death -- to a brazilian : brazilian reporter -- initial rumor that one of the dead be cardinal ebner of Frankfurt -- to a american : 92 . american reporter -- be refute by the vatican , which have ask international media not to engage in , quote , " wild speculation " -- and to a french woman : french reporter -- as conclave go on , with no sign of agreement on a new pope yet . CUT to : int office of the pope night in the papal office , the camerlengo sit , alone , in front of the fireplace , stare into the flame , think . behind he , a small knot of swiss Guard debate they next move in italian . he speak softly to they , in italian , subtitle . camerlengo at 11:15 , if the church be still in peril , give the order to evacuate the cardinal . but with dignity , let they exit into St. Peter 's Square , with they head hold high . I do not want the last image of this church to be frighten old man sneaking out a back door . if cardinal mortati protest , escort he bodily . do you understand ? the guardsman be uncomfortable with that idea . swiss guardsman if you think it be the right thing , signore . camerlengo I be certain it 's the wrong thing , and I will be remove from my post for it . but I also know we have no choice . they just look at he . you be the boss . camerlengo ( cont would ) please clear the room so that I may pray on the matter . 93. they get out . he stare into the flame . CUT to : ext piazza navona night piazza navona be lightly people on this soft summer night with so much attention direct toward the vatican . the hood of a car glide into view , nearly silent , on the far side of the fountain . langdon and the two Roman cop step out and survey the area . langdon look to the fountain . its central core be twenty foot tall , a rugge mountain of marble with cave and grottoe through which water churn . atop it stand a obelisk that climb another forty foot . langdon ( eye search ) let angel guide you ... but there 's no angel anywhere . he turn to the first Roman cop . langdon ( cont would ) be not there a angel on this fountain ? roman cop not anymore . langdon the marker 's no good without a angel , point to the final - roman cop blame mussolini . he want it for he summer - but the cop stop mid-sentence as he notice the black van park on the far side of the fountain . silently , the cop gesture to each other to go opposite way around the fountain , and to langdon to stay where he be . langdon , frustrated but no action hero , watch they as they slowly encircle the van . at the driver' side , the first cop approach the Driver 's window , see Mr. Gray sit implacably behind the wheel . he tap lightly with a knuckle , he draw gun at he side , just out of view . 94 . Mr. Gray open the window . mr. gray si? the Roman cop look down , ever so briefly , at a small spread bloodstain on Mr. Gray 's shirt . when he look back up -- -- there be a silence pistol point directly at he . phoom . he take a bullet in the forehead , slump forward against the window , and -- from a distance , we see he body pull rapidly into the van through the driver 's window . Whole thing take about three second . diner at a outdoor cafe do not even notice . from langdon' point of view , on the other side of the fountain , the van rock slightly , but he can not see anything out of the ordinary . he turn , look to the second cop , who be just now approach from the rear of the van . with the second cop , this one 's get he gun in front of he , he 's ready for anything . we creep around the back of the van with he , and just as he come around to where he can see the driver 's side -- -- the barrel of the silencer press into he forehead . a quick exchange in italian : second cop per favore ? mr. gray non posso . phoom . another bullet , another slumping cop , and from langdon' point of view , the van rock again , but he can not see anything more detailed than that . all he know be the two cop be not come out from the other side of the van , something be go on -- 95 . -- and the bell in the clock tower start to bong . even unarmed , langdon start to move forward , just as -- -- the slide door on the fountain side of the van slam open -- revealing the figure of the FOURTH cardinal , wrap in chain and with manacle hand and foot . he thrashes against the iron link , but the chain be too heavy . one of the link bisect he mouth like a horse 's bit , stifling he cry for help . Mr. Gray hover over he . langdon gasp -- -- and Mr. Gray shove the bound figure roughly out of the van . the cardinal roll , fall into the fountain with a enormous splash . his weight body sink immediately to the bottom . there be a moment , freeze in time , in which langdon lock eye with Mr. Gray , still hunch in the back of the van as the clock tower continue to bong , the only sound we can hear . langdon look at he , then down at the body in the fountain , then back up at Mr. Gray -- -- who salute he --- -- the van door slam shut , and the van tear ass out of there . langdon look from its recede taillight to the idling police car , its door hang open , he could jump in and give chase , but then he eye go back to the fountain , where the drown cardinal must not have much time leave , and it 's really no decision at all . langdon cover the distance to the fountain in two quick stride and leap in . in the fountain , the water be waist deep and like ice . steady stream of bubbles rise up from the bottom , churn it . langdon reach the body of the cardinal , plunge in -- underwater , -- and struggle to get both arm underneath the drown man . through the watery haze , we can see the man 's bare chest , brand with the final ambigram : water . 96 . langdon struggle to lift he , but the weight be too much , he can barely get he a few inch off the bottom of the fountain , much less all the way to the surface . langdon , run out of air , burst to the surface and -- on the surface , -- take a deep breath , then plunge back -- underwater , -- but he still can not move the cardinal . he make eye contact with the die man , who seem to be accept he fate , maybe even welcoming it . langdon change he grip , strain like hell , and actually get he a few inch higher this time , but nowhere close to the air supply . but with the new position , he eye fall on something behind the cardinal -- a plastic tube , six inch across , stream bubbles into the fountain . he go back -- above the surface -- take another breathy and see the fountain of bubbles rise up to the surface just above the tube . Air ! several passer - by notice the commotion in the fountain as langdon dive back under the water . underwater , langdon drag the body of the cardinal a few foot across the bottom of the fountain and rip the tube free from its moor , pull it to the cardinal 's mouth . he clamp it down over the man 's lip , and the cardinal suck a few greedy breath from it . enough to keep he alive . langdon take the tube and draw a couple breath of he own , then dig he hand back underneath the cardinal to lift he , but this time -- -- six more hand come in from all side . several passer - by have jump into the fountain to help , and as they all strain together -- 97 . on the surface , -- the cardinal 's bound body break the surface and he gulp deep lungful of air . he be save . langdon sag against the side of the fountain , exhaust and freezing , as the other pull the cardinal 's body to safety . in the distance , siren . langdon , gather himself , go to the cardinal , speak in rapid Spanish , subtitle . langdon cardinale guidera ? cardinal gu si...si ... langdon the Church of illumination . it 's where you be be hold , be not it ? guidera nod weakly as , around they , it seem like everybody arrive at the fountain -- carbinieri , swiss Guard , vatican Police , paramedics -- car after car after car . langdon ( cont would ) ( still to guidera ) where be it ?! cardinal guidera castel ... sant'angelo ... CUT to : int office of the swiss guard night close on a row of weapon in a cabinet in the Office of the swiss Commander rocher select a pistol and slip it into a harness . while he back be turn to the room , Lt. chartrand , the young swiss guardsman who escort langdon to the Archives , hurry up behind he . chartrand langdon say cardinal guidera will be kill in piazza navona . he 's on he way there with two carbinieri . 98 . rocher send everyone we can spare . he close and lock the cabinet , head for the door . alone . chartrand you ? rocher stay here to continue the search for the explosive . he leave . chartrand look back at the weapon cabinet . see the space from which the pistol be take . CUT to : ext castel sant 'angelo night we fly over a bridge , flanke by a dozen angel statue stand sentinel on either side , lead directly toward -- -- the castel sant ' angelo , Castle of the angel , its ancient stone rampart light by floodlight . soaring swiftly up its facade , we close in on a mammoth bronze angel stand atop the citadel . it point the way , all right , its sword aim directly downward , at the castle itself , as if to say you have find it . down on the ground , several Police Cars come to a stop in front of the castle at the same time . langdon climb out the back of one just as vittoria get out of a car drive by a swiss guardsman . langdon grab she , thrilled to see she . langdon you be all right ? vittoria I be all right , what about you ?! langdon cold and wet but alive . where 's rocher ? vittoria I do not know . he take the journal , he 's hide something . 99 . more cop arrive , and a security guard be press into service behind they , open the massive front door to the Castle , langdon this be it . the Church of illumination be somewhere in the castle . cop pour into the courtyard of the castle . langdon and vittoria follow . ext castel sant 'angelo - courtyard night they dash around the outer bulwark of the Castle . the courtyard beneath they look like a museum of ancient warfare -- catapult , stack of marble cannonballs , fearful contraption . as the cop quickly and silently search every nook , langdon and vittoria follow closely . langdon the vatican use this place for century as a hideout , a prison for enemy of the church -- there be passage and catacomb everywhere . it make sense , the illuminati infiltrate the Church 's own stronghold . bernini be chief architect here , he leave clue everywhere , it 's even surround by a pentagonal park ! they reach the central core of the castle . another angel statue , similar to the one atop the citadel , stand in front of they , its sword hold in the same position , point downward at a angle . langdon study it , follow the line of the angel 's sword -- and see a gated drive that cut across the courtyard itself . langdon ( cont would ) there . a moment later , he and vittoria be down in the courtyard , at the mouth of the gated drive . the gate be open and lead to a tunnel , a gape entry in the central core . 100 . langdon a traforo . commander on horseback use they to ride directly into a castle from the outside . he gesture to the nearby cop , who be already on it , and they all head into the darken tunnel . int tunnel night Police flashlight switch on and they beam bounce crazily off the wall of the tunnel . footstep crunch as they all press in , langdon and vittoria content to let man with gun lead the way . it get darker as they descend , and then , by the echo of they footfalls , they can tell they have enter -- a large chamber . more light be switch on , illuminate the space , which terminate in three stone wall . langdon it 's a dead end . but the Police attention be focus on the black van park in the center of the room . Roman Police snap into action , flashlight beam bounce everywhere , gun point in every possible window of the van , shout for whoever 's inside to get the hell out now , now , now . the door be flung open . the van be empty . except for the two dead policeman from the piazza navona . the police frenzy reach a even higher level , urgent message pass along on radio , half the cop turn and head back out of the tunnel . langdon ( cont would ) where be they go ? vittoria listen to the order be give in italian . vittoria back to search the outer castle . 101 . langdon no ... no , it have to be here ! but there 's no stop the cop , and the only two that remain be post outside the van , guard they fall colleague . vittoria Robert , it 's a dead end . langdon walk forward , to the stone wall at the end of the tunnel , and feel he way along it . it join smoothly with the wall on the right side . vittoria ( cont would ) Robert ... but he wave she off , this have to be it . he feel all along the wall toward the other corner , and as he look down at the ground , he eye widen . langdon bring a flashlight . vittoria borrow a flashlight from one of the two remain cop , who now get a crackly message on they walkie-talky and race out of the tunnel , toward the top , leave langdon and vittoria alone in the dead end . she bring the light to langdon , who shine its beam down at the floor . there , in the corner , be a granite block . langdon ( cont would ) none of the other block be granite . and they be all square . he bend down , look closer . langdon ( cont would ) this one 's a pentagram . it point -- sure enough , the block be carve in the shape of a pentagram , with the tip point into the corner . langdon ( cont would ) -- at nothing . but as he shine the light , there 's something off about the shadow it cast in the corner of the room . it create a odd , dark slit . langdon crouch in the corner and slide he hand along the back wall of the chamber . when he reach the point at which it should intersect the side wall -- 102 . -- he hand disappear . langdon ( cont would ) the wall overlap . he flatten himself against the back wall , shine the light straight at what should be the intersection of the wall . half the flashlight 's beam fall on the side wall , and the other half -- int secret passage night -- shine through into the secret passage behind the wall . langdon draw in he breath and force himself through the tiny slit , just wide enough for a determine person to squeeze through . vittoria follow . they look ahead , shine the light . they be in a extremely narrow passageway . they start carefully down it , flashlight in front of they . they whisper . langdon do you still have the gun ? vittoria you tell I to give it back . she pull the gun from she waistband . vittoria ( cont would ) I ignore you . langdon ignore I any time you like . to they right , they pass half a dozen tiny jail cell , the iron bar on most erode away . several of the larger cell be intact , and on the floor of one they see black robe and red sashes . they approach a iron doorway in the wall . the door be ajar and beyond it there be some sort of passage . langdon squint at two word above it -- ii passetto . vittoria gesture -- that way ? langdon shake he head no . 103 . langdon ( cont would ) ( whisper ) lead to the vatican . or from it . a ancient escape route . they round a corner , where the tunnel take a ninety degree turn to the right . at the corner , langdon notice another pentagrammal block in the floor . he bend , study the direction it 's point , feel the wall -- langdon ( cont would ) another overlap . -- and find another overlap angle , this one even smaller than the last . the wall be actually join at the floor , seem to open out at the middle ( in roughly the shape of a human form turn sideways ) , and join again at the top . he take a deep breath , slip through the gap -- -- and find himself at the base of a set of steep spiral stair . langdon look up , to the top of the stair . there be a archway , adorn with a tiny carve angel . vittoria slip through the gap , see the carve too . vittoria a angel . langdon , sense they be close , start up the stair . CUT to : int apostolic palace - hallway night Commander rocher , eye dead -set , walk down a hallway in the apostolic Palace . he pass two swiss guardsman with radio . rocher get on the radio and put the word out . conclave be to remain seal . swiss guardsman but the camerlengo give the order for evacuation at eleven fif - rocher I be countermand it . swiss guardsman but - 104 . rocher that door stay shut ! do you understand ? swiss guardsman yes sir . rocher keep walk . CUT to : int church of illumination night langdon and vittoria creep into the Church of illumination , and we get we first good look at it . the embellishment , though fade , be replete with familiar symbology . pentagram tile . Planet frescoes . pyramid . vittoria we have thirty minute leave , I can still change the battery if we can find the cannister . langdon nod , but he 's fascinate by the place . in the center of the room , there be a open fireplace , its ember still smoking . the four illuminati brand , they face wipe clean , have be place back in a mold velvet case . langdon , fascinate , spot a empty slot in the very center of the case , surround by the four use brand . but this one 's miss . vittoria arrive over he shoulder , have complete a quick search of the place . vittoria ( cont would ) it be not here . langdon there 's a fifth brand . vittoria what ? he touch the indentation in the velvet , puzzle it out . langdon two cross key . 105 . vittoria the symbol for the vatican ? langdon the papacy . ( thinking ) they be go to kill he . before they blow up the vatican they be go to kill and brand the pope himself . vittoria but there be no pope . langdon technically , there be . vittoria the camerlengo ?! we have to - mr. gray ( o.s. ) please place you gun on the floor . they freeze . vittoria look at langdon , who nod -- you would better do it . she do . mr. gray ( cont would ) now turn around . they turn and face Mr. Gray . he look quite dapper , and not too much the worse for wear . there be a briefcase on the ground beside he , and he 's change into a fresh shirt . mr. gray ( cont would ) kick it to I . she do . he pick it up , eject the clip and the round in the chamber , pocket they , and toss the gun into the smolder fire . langdon you could have be long go by now . mr. gray some do God 's work for love , other for money . which do you take I for ? as if to answer he own question , he pick up the briefcase from the floor beside he . then study langdon for a moment . 106 . mr. gray you be not one of they . langdon neither be you . I be expect a fanatic . mr. gray when they call I -- and they all call I -- it be so important to they that I know what they ask be the Lord 's will . or Allah 's , or yahweh 's . and I suppose they be right . because if he be not vengeful , I would not exist , would I ? he pick up he briefcase . mr. gray ( cont would ) be careful . this be man of God . he turn to go . langdon can not help himself : langdon why do not you kill we when you have the chancer vittoria look at langdon like he 's nut . Mr. Gray turn back , seem puzzle by the very think . mr. gray because no one ask I to . he leave . langdon and vittoria pause for a moment , look at each other -- langdon we have get to get to the vatican . CUT to : int papal office - hallway night rocher reach the office of the Pope . two uniform swiss Guard be station outside . another swiss guardsman step out of the office , report back from within . 107 . swiss guardsman the camerlengo say he will grant you a audience . rocher I would like to see he alone . the swiss Guards look at each other . swiss guardsman that 's impossible , sir . no one - rocher have you forget who you work for ?! rocher be truly intimidating when he want to be . swiss guardsman no , sir . he nod to the other Guards , who raise they sword , allow access . CUT to : int secret passage night vittoria and langdon barrel down the stone stair , into the passage , and through the open doorway to Il passetto . int IL passetto night the passetto be narrow and dark , light only by streak of moonlight come through the vertical slit in the wall . but up ahead , there 's light . they race for it . CUT to : int office of the pope night the camerlengo kneel in prayer in front of the fire . he hear a sound behind he and turn as the door to the papal office open . rocher enter , close and lock the door behind he . camerlengo have you come to make I a martyr ? CUT to : 108 . int / ext IL passetto night vittoria and langdon race up a flight of stair , and the passetto come out into the open for a hundred yard or so as it leave the castel sant 'angelo . ahead , they see a rope ladder over the side . they look down . directly below they , Mr. Gray be get into a Alfa Romeo park discretely at the end of a dead end street , make he escape . down on the STREET , the car door slam . in the car , Mr. Gray turn the key . up on the passetto , langdon and vittoria be run toward the vatican again when the explosion rip through the still night . they stagger and turn back , in time to see Mr. Gray 's car go up in a enormous fireball . vittoria Men of God . langdon grab she arm and they take off . the passetto descend again , into -- int IL passetto night -- another underground space . the outline of a steel gate loom ahead , block they way . but as they draw closer , they find the ancient lock hang open , and the gate swing freely . this tunnel have be use , and recently . further ahead , they plow onward , and now there be a low roaring sound from above they . langdon pause , look up . langdon we be under St. Peter 's Square . they keep on . CUT to : 109 . int papal office - hallway night in the hallway outside the Pope 's office , there be raise voice from behind the close door . Lt. chartrand approach nervously . he and the Guards look at each other , do not know what to do . from the other direction , Father simeon , cardinal mortati 's aide , stride toward they . fr . simeon I demand to speak to the camerlengo . a angry shout from behind the door draw they attention -- what the hell be go on in there ? CUT to : int IL passetto night langdon and vittoria hit another gate , this one heavier , but it too be unlock . the sound of St. Peter 's Square fade behind they now . up ahead , they turn a corner and , without warning --- the tunnel end . there be only a thick iron door , and as langdon search it with he flashlight , he find no handle , no knob , no keyhole , no hinge . langdon senza chiave ! a one - way portal , the only access be from the other side ! with a roar of anger , he start to pound on the door . vittoria join in . int office of the pope - hallway night close on a watch -- 11:40 . outside the door to the Pope 's office , Lt. chartrand be desperate . while Father simeon attempt to argue with he in italian , chartrand turn , hearing the pounding come from down the hall . he head toward it , round a corner -- int pope' private library night -- and step into the Pope 's private library , where the pounding be louder . 110 . he step to a heavy door in the wall , look unused for a century , but it 's clearly the source of the sound . he look down , see three keyhole in the door , and a ancient key in each of they . chartrand put he ear to the door , hear voice -- int IL passetto night -- and , on the other side , langdon and vittoria squint at the light as the heavy door be haul open before they . chartrand look at they in amazement -- how would you get here ? langdon the camerlengo be in danger ! int papal office - hallway night chartrand , langdon , and vittoria round the corner and race down the hallway toward the Pope 's office , just as -- -- a bloodcurdling scream come from behind the close door . the swiss Guard move fast , throw open the door . int pope' office night langdon and the other race into the pope 's office and find a truly bizarre scene . rocher be near the fireplace , brandish he sidearm , aim at the camerlengo , who lay on the floor , writhe in agony . his cassock be tear open , and he bare chest be sear black . a large , square brand be on the floor at rocher 's foot . two of the swiss Guard act without hesitation -- they open fire . two bullet slam into rocher 's chest and he crumple . Father simeon burst into the room , and as he do the camerlengo roll over onto one side , point he index finger at simeon , and cry out a single word : camerlengo illuminatus ! fr. simeon you bastard ! you sanctimonious - he rush at the camerlengo and chartrand react on instinct , put three bullet in Father simeon 's back . 111 . he fall to the floor , dead . chartrand and the Guards dash to the camerlengo , who clutches he chest , convulse in pain . langdon walk toward he , stunne , as the Guards pull the camerlengo 's hand away from he wound , revealing the fifth brand . the cross key , sear into the flesh of he chest . langdon look at rocher in utter disbelief . rocher 's still alive , try to say something , hold out a hand . everyone else in the room be focus on the camerlengo , so langdon bend down , take the die man 's hand . rocher look up at he , desperation in he eye , try to communicate something but too weak to say more than : rocher for safety . and he eye close . langdon withdraw he hand from rocher 's , and find the die man have press something into he palm . a key . langdon look at it , and it give he a think . he turn , look at the camerlengo , whose chest be expose . the cross key be indeed brand there -- but they be upside down . langdon slip the key in he pocket and approach the camerlengo as chartrand get to he foot , on he radio . chartrand I need a medevac to St. Peter 's Square , right now ! the camerlengo struggle to a sit position . camerlengo order the evacuation . we only have nineteen minute . langdon ( pointing ) the key . they be upside down . 112 . vittoria you think it 's a sign ? langdon everything have be a sign , why should this be any different ? he look at rocher , dead on the floor . back at the brand key . langdon ( cont would ) cross key -- the symbol for the papacy , upside - down . camerlengo St. Peter . langdon ( yes ) the first pope , he be crucify upside - down , on vatican Hill . right beneath where we be stand . camerlengo " upon this rock I will build my church . " ... langdon or bring it down upon itself . he look back at rocher , and at Father simeon , dead on the floor . langdon ( cont would ) they be conservative , the former Pope be become more and more liberal . maybe they love they church so much they be willing to destroy it . camerlengo ( think , repeat ) upon this rock I will build my church . langdon St. Peter 's tomb be the very core of christendom . camerlengo the bomb be in St. Peter 's tomb ! langdon ( almost admire it ) the ultimate infiltration . 113 . vittoria I can still change the battery if we hurry ! CUT to : ext ST . peter' square night the square be more crowded than ever , and now the helicopter . chartrand call swoops in low overhead as vatican Police frantically try to clear a landing area . CUT to : int ST . peter' basilica night langdon , vittoria , the camerlengo , and two swiss Guard be hurry across the desert floor of St. Peter 's basilica when the light go out . chartrand the grid be still cycle -- the power to this section must be down . they race down the center aisle , to the candlelit balustrade which surround the wind staircase into the grottoe . camerlengo oil lamp . grab one ! they do , and run down the center stair . on the staircase , the ninety - nine burn oil lamp throw exaggerated shadow on stone wall . vittoria what 's down here ? langdon the necropolis . City of the dead . oh. the camerlengo drop to he knee and open a iron grate in the marble floor . CUT to : 114 . int the necropolis night vittoria , langdon , the camerlengo , and chartrand drop down through a open hole and into a underground city of ancient , wind street . part museum , part ruin , they run past ancient structure , some hundred , some thousand of year old . the rectangular tomb be similar to little house , complete with doorway , threshold , window , and terrace . around a corner , the camerlengo seem to know exactly where he 's go ; he lead they down a narrow stone passageway . around another corner , they hurry up a small hill . at the top of the grade , there be a stone grotto , toward which the camerlengo be racing . he reach the grotto , search , but find nothing . langdon and vittoria come to a stop behind he , breathe hard . camerlengo it must be here ! it must be ! he rip aside some protective tarp , find that underneath the actual burial site be a underground area , part of a dig in progress . he climb down into it , we see just the top of he head as -- -- a soft glow seem to emanate from beneath he . the camerlengo 's head be wreathe in light for a moment , and then , as he climb out , we see that he 's hold in he hand -- -- the glow canister of anti-matter . on the ground nearby , vittoria drop to she knee , a tiny silver pellet in one hand , two wire lead from opposite end of it . vittoria set it down flat . the camerlengo do . langdon bend close . vittoria check the timer . vittoria ( cont would ) we still have seven minute . good . 115 . she lean down , reach for the canister 's baseplate . as she do , a drop of sweat roll to the tip of she nose she freeze . wipe the sweat away , think about it vittoria ( cont would ) it 's hot down here . be not it ? langdon what 's wrong ? vittoria heat decrease battery life . we may have less than five minute . camerlengo so ? vittoria if I pull the power with less than five minute , the residual charge will not hold suspension . we should leave it and get clear if we can . at least if it go off down here the damage will be - camerlengo no . and with that , he snatch up the canister and take off run , back the way they come . vittoria wait ! langdon Father , please ! but he 's already go , around a darken corner . ext ST . peter' square night in St. Peter 's Square , the helicopter that be bring in for the camerlengo wait , propeller spin . the crowd seem even bigger now , and a reporter tell we why : reporter -- in St. Peter 's Square where , despite a bomb threat and order of evacuation , the crowd be actually grow in size as we await -- 116 . int ST . peter' basilica night the camerlengo emerge from the spiral staircase , accidentally kick over one of the oil lamp , spilling its burn oil on the floor of the basilica . he ignore it , racing for the front door . int the necropolis night langdon and vittoria come around a corner in the necropolis , have take slightly longer to find they way . langdon spot the circular entry by which they first come in . langdon there it be ! they race toward it and climb up . int ST . peter' basilica night they hurry across the floor of St. Peter 's basilica and burst out the huge door that open onto St. Peter 's Square , just as -- ext ST . peter' square night -- the helicopter lift off . the crowd watch in amazement , and the pilot stand in the square , talk animatedly to two swiss Guard , gesture toward the helicopter . but if he 's not fly it ... langdon look up at the helicopter as it climb , straight upward . langdon oh my God ... int helicopter night the camerlengo be indeed at the control of the helicopter , piloting it upwards and away from the crowd below . the canister be beside he on the passenger seat . ext ST . peter' square night the crowd fall silent , all eye turn upward , watch the helicopter recede into the cloud . 117 . int helicopter night the canister beeps on the seat beside the camerlengo -- still a few minute leave on its timer , but the urgently flash red power light can not be consider a good sign . the camerlengo look at it . cross himself . raise the crucifix from around he neck and brushes it against he lip . ext ST . peter' square night all eye be upturn , all voice have fall still , watch as the helicopter 's anti-collision light disappear into the cloud night sky . ext in the sky night High above the square , the helicopter still climb , rotate in circle . int helicopter night close on the canister as the red light flash even faster , and a shrill beeping fill the cockpit . ext ST . peter' square night in the crowd , face turn , people point . there 's something in the sky above they . langdon and vittoria see it too -- a faint white speck , far up in the sky . this be the explosion ? ext in the sky night no , the faint white speck be a billow parachute -- and the camerlengo dangle at the end of it . above he , the helicopter continue to climb , far up into the night . int helicopter night and in the canister , the beeping sound become continuous and the light wink out altogether . 118 . the shimmer bead of anti-matter fall out of suspension and drop , slowly , toward the bottom of the canister , it barely touch the surface -- ext in the sky night -- and the helicopter explode in a blind pinpoint of white light . ext ST . peter' square night up in the sky over St. Peter 's Square , the pinpoint of light be tiny at first , then it shoot out to either side in a searing white line , then the white line balloon out on either side , expand into a gigantic ball of hot white light . and then the sound hit . this be the explosion , and it be so much more ferocious than we could have imagine . the entire image be bleach white , with only the faint outline of people visible within it . and then concussive force of the blast hit , like heat wave , rippling everything in its way . scream and panic . ext in the sky night the camerlengo , cling to the parachute , be buffete wildly , spun over and over , tangling he in he cord , which make he fall faster . ext ST . peter' square night the second wave of the blast come , and this one 's ten time as powerful as the first . everything stand be flatten -- people , camera truck , the fountain in the middle of the square collapse in a shower of marble and water . int ST . peter' basilica night ceil tile fall and smash on the floor inside St. Peter 's , statue topple . ext in the sky night the camerlengo fall , unconscious now , tumble over and over , drop too fast . he slam off a angle rooftop , head for the ground . 119 . ext ST . peter' square night in the square , langdon and vittoria dodge fall debris . vittoria lose she foot as a chunk of plaster crunch off a building , plummete toward she . langdon pull she to safety as the plaster pulverize itself in the square . ext in the sky night the camerlengo crunch off the side of another building and drift downward , fast , toward the crowd in St. Peter 's . his unconscious form smashes through a dozen people before slamming to the ground at one edge of the square . and in the sky above , the blast suddenly turn inward on itself , the heat and light and sound all seem to suck back up into a perfect horizontal line , which then collapse in from the side , until once again it be just a speck of white hot light -- -- that disappear into the night . ext ST . peter' square night the only sound that remain in the square be a soft night wind . the wounded pick themselves up off the ground . the crowd , realize the blast be over , turn its attention to the body of the camerlengo , on the far side of the square . langdon and vittoria try to make they way toward he , but the crowd surge past they , and we soar over the head of the crowd , want to get there first , want to be the first one to see --- he eye open . he 's alive . wide on the square as a great cheer rise up from the crowd . CUT to : int sistine chapel night the cheer from outside be clearly audible in the sistine Chapel , where the door have be throw open and they have get the news . jubilation reign . a swiss guardsman run in , find cardinal mortati . 120 . swiss guardsman signore mortati , he be alive ! the camerlengo be alive ! mortati praise god. but he look around he -- the Cardinals have split into small group , they be discuss something with great animation amongst themselves . mortati watch , do not like what he 's see . CUT to : int office of the swiss guard night langdon and vittoria , on a bench in the office of the swiss Guard , be have superficial wound treat . the buzz in the office be intense , just as excited as in the square and the sistine Chapel . langdon look over at vittoria . langdon be you okay ? she look back at he , nod . smile . he reach over , interlace he finger with hers , and take she hand . langdon ( cont would ) thank God . she smile , turn he hand , notice the glass on he wristwatch be break . he notice , seem distress . vittoria do we have time for that story now ? langdon do I have someone to tell it to ? she smile and kiss the back of he hand -- yes . a roar come from outside and we see -- ext ST . peter' square night -- the crowd in St. Peter 's Square , in rapture . there be singing , there 's chanting of the camerlengo 's name . it 's exactly midnight . 121. int sistine chapel night in the sistine Chapel , cardinal mortati be in hushed , urgent conversation with a group of seven or eight Cardinals . mortati signore ... you be no doubt aware that by Holy Law the man be ineligible for election to the papacy . he be not a cardinal , he be a priest , a chamberlain . and there be the matter of he inadequate age . I be sorry , the protocol of conclave be not subject to modification . I will not call a ballot on this matter . the African cardinal who cast he vote earlier speak up . african cardinal but signore , you would not call the ballot . surely you remember -- you give up you post as great elector . mortati look at he . box into a corner . outside , the crowd in St. Peter 's can be hear , sing joyously . a second cardinal step forward . second cardinal they be sing in St. Peter 's Square ! what happen here tonight transcend we law ! mortati do it ? be it God 's will that we abandon reason and give ourselves over to frenzy ? discard the rule of the church ? a third cardinal now , a peacemaker : third cardinal perhaps they need not be discard . they all look at he . third cardinal ( cont would ) I be think now of romano pontifici eligendo , numero 63 . most of the Cardinals look puzzle -- but mortati 's face darken . 122. third cardinal ( cont would ) ballote be not the only method by which a Pope can be elect . there be another , more divine method . mortati " acclimation by adoration . " third cardinal Si , signore ! the second cardinal spark to this idea . second cardinal of course ! ( answer that around he who look confuse ) Election by adoration occur when all the cardinal , as if by inspiration of the Holy Spirit , freely and spontaneously , unanimously and aloud , proclaim one individual 's name . third cardinal and the law state that adoration supersede all other eligibility requirement . the candidate need only be a ordain member of the clergy . ( dramatically ) but ! ( they listen ) he must be present in the sistine Chapel at the moment of election . many cry now of " bring the camerlengo to we ! " mortati look deeply troubled . CUT to : int rocher's office night bandage now , langdon and vittoria be ushere into rocher 's office by a swiss guardsman . swiss guardsman please wait here while we arrange you transportation . May I get you anything ? 123. they shake they head , no thanks . settle into chair to the side of rocher 's desk . they look uncomfortable -- it 's weird to be in a dead man 's office . vittoria look at he desk . thinks of something . she get up and go to it , run she hand lightly over it . langdon what be you do ? vittoria Leonardo 's journal . I want they back . she feel in the surface of the desk and find the square outline of the inlaid panel where rocher hide the journal . she try pry it open , but that do not work , she try push down on the front of it -- -- and the panel slowly rotate open . the journal , which be laid on top of the television monitor , slide out and onto the desk . vittoria scoops they up and be about to close the panel again when -- langdon wait a minute . he look down at the monitor . think . at its odd , key -shape on / off switch . he pull something from he pocket -- the key rocher give he , just as he die . in langdon be mind , he see rocher 's face , look up at he , die : rocher for safety . back in the office , langdon look at the key , and its odd shape . look down at the monitor , the same odd shape where its switch should be . 124 . in langdon be mind , they be back in the Pope 's office , but rocher be alive , and say word he say earlier : rocher the Holy Father be subject to seizure ... but he take step . back in the office , rocher 's voice continue over , but langdon mouth the word as he remember they : rocher's voice ( o.s. ) " made sure he be watched . " in langdon be mind , rocher be back in the office again , finish he sentence : rocher for safety . in rocher's office , langdon hold the key up , repeat that last word : langdon for safety . he lower the key to the monitor , extend it toward the keyhole -- and it 's a perfect fit . he twist it . and with a zzzzt of power , the monitor wink to life . a image come into focus . vittoria where 's that ? langdon that ... be the papal office . on the monitor , they be indeed look at a image of the Pope 's office . there be two dead body on the floor , cover with sheet , and vatican police be photograph everything . must be live . in rocher's office , langdon 's figure it out . 125 . langdon the Pope spend a lot of time in contemplation , alone . if he be worried about seizure , he must have ask rocher to install a camera without tell anyone . to keep a eye on he . for safety . and maybe -- he reach down to the screen , toward a touch panel at the bottom . you do not have to be a symbologist to understand this symbol - play , pause , fast forward . and rewind . langdon touch it . on the monitor , the image zip backwards , rapidly , to the shoot , and the all the way back to when rocher and the camerlengo be alone together . rocher stand just behind he , the camerlengo still kneel before the fireplace . as the image start to play forward , in real time , we go in close on the monitor and come out -- int pope' office night -- in the papal office , to watch the scene in person . camerlengo the scientist keep journal ? so ? rocher you figure prominently in they . the camerlengo turn he eye back to the flame , stir the ember with a poker . camerlengo really . rocher Leonardo be not just a physicist , he be a Catholic priest . deeply conflict about the implication of he work and in need of spiritual guidance . about a month ago , he request a audience with the Pope . but you would know that , because you grant the audience , and be present during it . the camerlengo twist the poker in the fire . speak softly . 126 . camerlengo the fool think he have duplicate the moment of creation . rocher and the Holy Father urge he to go public . his holiness think the discovery might actually prove the existence of a divine power -- begin to bridge the gap between religion and science . camerlengo Science . the new God . ignore the weapon and chaos and madness . the camerlengo look up at he , and he expression be different than we have ever see it . contemptuous . angry . violent . camerlengo ( cont would ) his work be not religious , it be sacrilegious ! rocher but you see the Pope 's position as a soften of church law . a old man 's weakness . you father 's weakness . camerlengo he raise I to protect the church . even from within . rocher so you bring a old enemy back from the dead to frighten people . camerlengo nothing unite heart like the presence of evil . rocher it do not work , Father . camerlengo it be not finish . rocher I have inform Father simeon of what I learn and he will get word to the Cardinals the moment conclave open . the camerlengo look at he calmly for a moment -- 127 . camerlengo I be plan on do this alone . -- and then remove the poker from the fire . but it be not a poker , it 's a long - handle brand , with a cross of some kind at the end . rocher pull he gun , hold it at he side . rocher put that down . the camerlengo rip open he cassock with he free hand . camerlengo but perhaps it 's better that you be here . rocher ( raise the gun ) put it down ! but the camerlengo ram the red-hot brand into the expose flesh of he bare chest . his skin sizzle and smoke , rocher shout , the camerlengo scream in agony , and we know the rest -- -- the door burst open , swiss Guard pour in , rocher be shot , Father simeon race toward the camerlengo -- fr. simeon you bastard ! you sanctimonious - -- and the camerlengo roll over , point one long finger at Father simeon and crying out : camerlengo illuminatus ! as we see before , Lt. chartrand fire three time , kill Father simeon in he track , we pull back , the image turn to -- int rocher's office night -- video again , and as we complete the move out from the monitor , we see it be not langdon and vittoria watch the image this time -- --- but cardinal mortati , flanke by two other red-robe Cardinals and a half - dozen swiss guardsman . langdon and vittoria stand to one side as mortati turn and look at they . suddenly , he seem very , very old . CUT to : 128. int grand staircase night the camerlengo , escort by two swiss guardsman , descend the Royal staircase that lead to the sistine Chapel . though he be injure and limping , he radiate confidence , even benevolence , a man certain this be the great day of he life . he approach the chapel door , speak to the swiss Guard post there as he approach . camerlengo I have be summon by the College of Cardinals . oh , they know all about it . they lift they sword , the door sweep open , the camerlengo stride boldly across the threshold -- int sistine chapel night -- and stop , right there , the look of imminent ascendancy freeze on he face . the Cardinals be look at he , all right , but not in joy , not in wonder , not for leadership . one hundred sixty - one face be turn toward he , with a expression of --- -- utter condemnation . he stand there for a moment , search they face , try to figure out what could possibly have happen . but it do not matter . they know . and he know they know . he take two step backwards , almost involuntarily . start to teeter , balance himself in the doorway . then straighten himself , smoothes he cassock . and turn and walk away , back up the staircase . two swiss Guard move to go after he , quickly , but cardinal mortati gesture to they . mortati gently . but within we wall . the swiss Guard follow the camerlengo up the staircase . CUT to : 129 . int ST . peter' basilica night the camerlengo come out of a doorway and into St. Peter 's basilica . he head for the main door -- -- just as half a dozen swiss guard step in from outside , block he way . some murmur softly into they radio . he stop , turn around to come back the way he come --- -- but two swiss guard appear in that doorway , also with radio . he turn again , no way to go but toward the front of the basilica . he see the candlelit balustrade near the front , the one that lead to the grottoe and the necropolis . he pick up he pace . the swiss Guard follow , at a slight distance . the camerlengo reach the spiral staircase and stop , look down , see the oil lamp he kick over earlier . he think . he pick up a fresh lamp , hold it to he face -- -- and blow out its flame with a soft puff . across the basilica , we be with the swiss Guard as they walk slowly toward he . but they hear a cry from ahead , he 's go down the stair a short distance , and they can hear the sound of liquid slosh . they break into a run as they realize what he 's about to do , they be twenty foot away , then ten , then just close enough to see the camerlengo as he -- -- smashes a burn oil lamp at he foot . the flame leap onto he oil - soak clothes and -- -- he ignite in a pillar of white flame . CUT to : int sistine chapel night close on a bundle of one hundred sixty - one slip of paper , pierce by a needle and strung together . they be toss into the fireplace in the sistine Chapel , where they too burst into flame . we rise up again , ahead of the smoke this time , all the way up to -- 130 . ext ST . peter' square dawn -- the chimney above St. Peter 's Square , where the throng be still gather , wait for some word as the sun rise on the horizon . and this time , the smoke that billow from the chimney -- -- be white . there be a new pope . the crowd roar its approval , bell begin to toll -- int papal apartment day -- the red silk sash cover the door to the papal apartment be slice apart -- -- the wax seal break as the door be flung open , and we -- dissolve to : ext ST . peter' square day -- St. Peter 's Square , later the same day . the crowd , if you can believe it , be even bigger . a string of reporter fill we in for the last time ( non-english speaker subtitle ) . BBC reporter Church source now confirm that camerlengo Father sebastian guttierez have die of internal injury sustained in he heroic fall -- a brazilian reporter : brazilian reporter -- which have spur call for he immediate canonization and sainthood . the vatican also announce the death of three of its cardinal in the fire at Santa Maria delia vittoria -- a american reporter : american reporter -- but all eye here be on the papal balcony as we await the appearance of the new Holy Father , who , despite terrorist attempt at disruption -- we move off the reporter and up , toward the papal balcony , its door hang open , curtain billow . 131 . american reporter ( cont would ) -- seem to have be select in one of the swiftest and smoothest conclave in modern church history . dissolve to : int papal apartment day Inside the papal apartment , Robert langdon sit stiffly on a straight - back chair in a hallway . could not look more uncomfortable if he try . a swiss guardsman stand on either side of he . the door to he right suddenly open , another guardsman nod to he , and langdon get to he foot , straighten he jacket . int office of the pope day langdon be show into the office , where a robe figure be be dress by two vatican attendant -- the clothes he don be unmistakably papal vestment . the figure , he back to we , gesture to a nearby table . one of the swiss guardsman go to the table and pick up a envelope , hand it to langdon . swiss guardsman a token of thanks from his holiness . langdon , puzzle , open the envelope and let the content fall into he hand . it 's a thin volume , but a familiar one -- the only survive copy of Galileo 's diagramma . langdon nearly gasp . the figure in the papal robe turn around . it be , of course , cardinal mortati . mortati this should help you complete you scholarly work , Professor . langdon be too stunne to speak , mortati ( cont would ) I ask only that in you last will and testament you ensure it find its way home . langdon I -- yes , I -- of course . 132 . mortati take a few step forward , study langdon , mortati when you write of we -- and you will write of we -- may I ask one thing ? langdon look at he questioningly . mortati ( cont would ) do so gently ? langdon I will try . mortati religion be flaw , Mr. langdon , but only because man be flaw . include this one . he touch he chest lightly . the aide now pick up the miter , the spade - shape papal hat . he stand still while they place it on he head , complete he attire . langdon I hear you have choose the name luke . there have be Marks and johns , but never a luke . mortati it 's say he be a doctor . langdon be that a message ? Science and faith all in one ? mortati the world be in need of both . Science can heal , or science can kill . it depend on the soul of the man use the science . langdon look at he . like the sound of that . langdon you will lead wisely . mortati I be a old man . I will lead briefly , mortati come closer to langdon , raise he right hand , and make a gentle sign of the cross over he , murmure softly . 133. mortati ( cont would ) thanks be to God , for send someone to protect his church . langdon I -- do not believe he send I , Father . mortati oh , my son ... he smile . mortati ( cont would ) of course he do . he turn , and he aide part the billow silk curtain that lead to the papal balcony . we move forward with he as he step out over St. Peter 's Square and a great roar rise up from below . cardinal mortati , Pope luke I , hold he arm out to he side , a embrace to take in the world -- -- and behind he , hide in the shadow of the papal apartment , just behind the billow curtain , Robert langdon fold he hand in front of he -- -- and bow he head . the end