angel eye by Gerald dipego October 1999 seventh draft / Polish for educational purpose only fade in : ext . CITY street ( los angele ) - night credit sequence . as open credit play , we study the city 's nighttime pulse , ribbon of headlight move and cross -connect like blood through the vein of a body -- impressionistic , even beautiful , but what we be hearing be soulful trumpet - base music , mellow and haunt , the modern classic -- jazz sound of a wynton marsalis , put a voice to we story . as credit end , we ... dissolve to : Pov - ext . freeway - night now the music be gone , sound be muffled and vision blurred . we get the impression of urgent movement . we hear breathing . there be voice , shout , even scream , but muffled , far away . only the breathe be distinct . we come to realize it be we breathe , and we be inside someone , look out . the man whose Pov this be be on the edge of consciousness and not far from death . he lie on the pavement of a freeway at the site of a accident only minute after impact . his vision go in and out of clarity . people be swarm around he and rush by toward the carnage of wreck vehicle . a siren bloom in the distance and approach haltingly . the man slip away , come back toward consciousness , slip again . the crowd around the down man part to allow passage to a police officer . it be a woman , Officer sharon pogue , lapd . she kneel at the man 's side , take charge , speak , but we hear only sliver of SOUND . he see she face clearly now , close above he . Sharon be a dedicated professional and more . we see down into she to a place of real caring . she stare into we eye and connect . we begin to hear she now -- and there be more siren converge in b.g . sharon can you hear I ? ( shouting , off ) this one 's conscious ! voice ( o.s. ) paramedics on the way ! we be slip away again . Sharon hold we with she eye , and she grip we hand . ( continued ) 2 . continued : sharon wait . wait . listen to I . can you feel that ? she hold on tight . we see that we hand , hold in she own , be bloody . sharon that 's my hand . hold it . go on -- as hard as you can . we watch we hand grip hers , and as we hold on , the sight and sound around we grow more clear . sharon it 's over , and I have get you , and you be safe . you be safe now . you get that ? do not let go . do not let I go . but we eye unlock from Sharon 's and drift to a patch of night sky . her voice fade awawy . we Pov begin to lift , moving toward that sky , as the blue- black night begin to turn white . we go into that white light and ... dissolve to : ext . los angele cityscape - day we pick out a police car from the traffic and follow . the beat be patrol be a mix neighborhood with some very rough edge . int . police car - day Officer Sharon pogue be drive the car . it be two year since we see she at the accident site . her partner , robby lewis , sip coffee and keep one eye on the cad monitor which list all area police call . she slow behind a car that be crawl along , a old 60 car , drive by a young man and woman who sit very close on the bench seat . the car 's engine be missing and smoking . sharon that car be older than they be . robby ' 67 chevy impala . sharon that 's what I say . ( continued ) 3. continued : robby need a service . sharon do not we all . robby nearly spit he coffee , laugh at what Sharon have say and try not to choke . Sharon smile , shaking she head . sharon get it together , officer . as robby smile , Sharon look ahead at the young couple who each have a arm around the other . she be stroking he neck . he be make gentle circle in she hair . Sharon watch this , and for a moment she eye reveal a depth that may be loneliness , but she quickly push she thought away and hit the horn , startling robby and startling the people ahead who now disengage and drive on . robby Jesus , pogo ! almost spill my coffee again ! you do not like he hair , or what ? sharon I love elvis hair . they be go two damn mile a hour . but robby 's eye have catch something on the monitor . robby let 's roll to this -- fight in progress . as robby secure that coffee cup , Sharon hit the siren and speed around the car in front of they . ext . CITY STREET - day at the same time , a few block away , a old , frail man be carry two plastic grocery bag that be too heavy for he . walk behind this man be a young man name catch lambert , a attractive man with some scarring on he face . his eye , deep down , be haunt by something , but there be energy in he step . he be dress in a relaxed and stylish manner , not expensive . he begin to pick up he pace to catch up to the old man . ( continued ) 4. continued : people glance at catch , nad he glance back in a open and unflinch way , ready for anything , a smile , a nod , or -- because this be some of L.A. 's mean street -- a threaten or taunting look . this he also meet openly , without a trace of fear . the man have be through some kind of fire , and it have leave he different from we . outside the usual boundary . catch walk beside the Old man , glance at he . finally , the man glance back , wonder and suspicious , but catch have a slight , disarming smile , open and honest . catch y'know ... since we be both walk the same way , I could take one of that bag for you . that way , I do some upper body work while I be walk along . help my back . what d' you say ? the Old man trudge on , proud and suspicious , too . catch right now you mind 's make picture of I robbing you groceire , but , y'know , nine time out of ten , people do the right thing . the Old man glance at he , still not convinced , but he soon have to stop and rest . catch stop , too . the old man look at he , a bit embarrassed . old man it 's the dog food that make it so heavy . catch nod , put out he hand . the Old man hesitates , then decide and lift a bag , and catch take it . catch I guess it 's worth it ... for a good dog . catch be not kid . he have that honesty . the Old man nod and start trudging again . as they walk on together , catch reach for that second bag . the man relent and let he take it . they continue on , catch carry the bag and every now and then lift they a bit for he upper body work . 5 . ext . video game room - day this be the call Sharon and robby have sped to . it be a chaotic scene of cop break up a fight between eight boy , 16 - 20 . a big kid , 18 or so , be be pull off another by Sharon and robby . the kid be wild and resisting and Sharon show she toughness and professionalism and some anger , too , as she slam he into a fence -- and robby hold he while she cuff the young man -- who be very mouthy , play to he friend . kid look at this bitch . whoo ! benny , look at this ! Sharon and robby be both very good at they job , take this kid to they car while other cop contain the rest . a crowd watch -- mostly teens . kid ( to Sharon ) you come in with I . hey , bitch . some of he bystander friend howl at that . kid you be go to arrest I , you come into the back seat with I . come on ! he resist a bit , but they be get he into the car . kid come on . we will have a good time . int . police car - day ( few minute later ) Sharon 's on the radio to dispatch as robby drive and the kid keep mouth off . sharon ( to radio ) Three Adam five -- show we 1019 to the jail with one male prisoner . kid take off you uniform . take off my handcuffs , bitch , and come back here . I want one touch . robby give it a rest ! Sharon be stone - face through this . ( continued ) 6 . continued : kid if you be go to put I away , you gotta give I one sweet touch . int . jail book area - day as robby and Sharon bring they suspect to the book counter , each hold one of he cuffed arm . the kid be look at Sharon 's hand on he arm . kid that be not the touch . that be not the touch I want . they get he to the counter . robby as I remove you cuff , I want you to put you hand here . spread you leg . more . as they remove the cuff , the kid make a sudden move toward Sharon , reach between she leg -- but she be not only ready for this , but hope for it -- and the stoniness of she face crack into fierce anger as she move quickly and grab the kid by the hair , bring he face into she upraise knee . he cry out and go down on he knee , hurt and bleed . the jailer rush over to help , but robby grab the kid 's wrist . robby that 's it . back off , John , we get it . robby glance at Sharon -- a dark glance . ext . police jail parking lot - day ( later ) as robby and Sharon walk to they car . they be interrupt by one of they lieutenant , sanderman , walk they way and stop to stare at Sharon . she meet he look . sanderman you try to be a bad -ass , pogue ? she be straightforward , not rebellious . sharon I just deal with the situation . the prisoner ... ( continued ) 7. continued : sanderman and you do not see a pattern here ? ( pause ) I want you to keep yourself way inside the line instead of walk on it . all right ? be you take note ? he walk away , and Sharon and robby walk on to they car -- she be dark ; he be glance at she . robby you break he nose . sharon he grab I . end of story . robby and you be wait for he . you be hope . you be make long - range plan for he ass while he be mouth off in the car -- and you be suppose to be above that shit . sharon if you think I cross the line , put it in the report . robby pogo , stop the shit . what be it ? you piss off at I , too ? they enter the car , Sharon behind the wheel . sharon not you , Rob . you be a rare unthreaten male cop with a good marriage , and you like to eat where I eat -- so everything 's code four . she start the car and start to back out , and he reach over and turn off the ignition . she stare hotly at he -- but then , slowly , she soften , take a deep breath . robby come over for dinner tonight . I will call charlene . she would like to see you . it 's be awhile . we will talk about it . ( continued ) 8. continued : she start the car again , more calm , start to drive out of the lot . sharon thanks . but she will invite friend , try and fix I up . she 's always try to fix I up so she do not have to worry about you and I . robby she do not worry about that . sharon they all worry about that . they both smile wryly , drive on . sharon you do not need to fix I , robby , or fix I up . I do not want some guy to heart and soul I and then walk away ' cause he can not stand the cop thing -- or worse : he want cop storey every night ' cause it turn he on , and he have no idea who I be inside my head . anyway , I be busy tonight . robby get some action , huh ? well , that 's promise . sharon yeah . hot and heavy . immediate CUT to : int . sharon' apartment - night she be on the floor use a exercise rig , slide into crunch , push herself , sweat , alone . we begin drifting to the rain -spatter window as night sound filter in , horn , someone shout , a car moving by with thunderous bass music that pulse the very air and rattle the loose glass of she window . ext . neighborhood street - night catch lambert be walk the wet street , head down in the rain . Far away we hear that car with a bass - blasting radio . ( continued ) 9 . continued : in the glow of a street lamp , catch see a bright - color object in the gutter . he pick it up out of the gurgle rain water . it be a small toy , a discard superhero . he put it in he pocket , walk on . now the car , the prowling , music - blasting , bass - thundering car turn a corner and begin rollling along slowly -- beside catch . he glance over , walk on . there be four tough - look men in the car , look for trouble . the music be deafening . catch glance again , walk on . they eye follow he like gun barrel . he stop and walk out on the street , move toward the car , shouting over the music . catch hey ! you want to turn that volume down ? what 's you point ? the man , incredulous , stop the car and snap off the music in order to make sure they be hearing right . they stare death at catch . driver ( man ) what do you say ? catch what 's the point of blast you music through the whole zip code ? do not you realize there be kid try to sleep in this apartment -- old people , sick people ? they can hardly believe this . driver you better watch you mouth , asshole . catch meet the man 's look with he own unflinch , haunt eye . catch why ? what be you gonna do ? kill I ? catch 's look be not a macho challenge . it 's something else -- beyond that , a man somehow without limit . one of the rider in the backseat tap the Driver 's shoulder . man # 2 guy 's nut . let 's go . the Driver , never break he death stare , snap on the deafening music and then slowly roll on , still glaring at catch . catch stand in the rain , watch they go . 10 . int . catch apartment corridor - same night catch be arrive home , soaking wet . he life in a slightly - seedy three -story . as he walk down the corridor toward he apaprtment , he pass a neighbor 's door and notice a set of key dangle from the lock . he pause -- and then knock softly on the door . someone look through the peephole and then open the door -- a young single mother , friendly but with a little caution , too . she recognize catch . behind she be a little boy , ( five ) . the woman 's name be candace . her son be tommy . candace hi. catch hi . you key be in the ... he gesture , and she see the key and retrieve they , more friendly now . candace oh , thank you . thanks a lot . God . I be try to carry Tommy and all this bag . he be so tired . of course , as soon as I put he down he have all this energy ... while she be talk , catch be stare deeply at the boy , who be shy . catch almost speak to the boy , want to , go halfway to a smile -- but the sight of the kid stir that layer of darkness in catch . he nod a good - bye to the mother and be about to go . she think about this , as he be turn , and push through she remain caution to say ... candace y'know , we be just baking nectarine bar because the peach be not ripe . ever have a nectarine bar ? he smile and seem to want to stay , but he be already retreate . his contact go only so far -- and no further . catch sorry . gotta be go . and with one more glance at the boy , he walk to he apartment , unlock it and step in . 11 . int . catch apartment - night he walk into a bare live room -- no chair , table , lamp , nothing on the wall . he walk into a spotless , never-use kitchen and flip on the light , open a drawer . in the drawer be a collection of kid ' toy , some find , some purchase , mostly plastic figure . the action of open the door have start some battery - operate animal move around in there . now from he pocket he take the plastic superhero he just find and drop it in and close the drawer . he walk back into the live room . he sit on the floor , lean back against the wall , he clothes still soak from the rain . he stare at he thought , look a bit numb -- and lose . ext . / int . dry cleaners shop - day Sharon be just leave with a clean uniform on a hanger in a plastic bag . it 's a neighborhood place where alteration be do . as she be leave , a older woman be just enter . this be mrs . vander , beam at Sharon , a real talker . mrs . vander sherry ! sharon hi , Mrs. vander . you be look good . mrs . vander oh , you just wait . I splurge . she be pull a new blue dress out of a shopping bag . mrs . vander it 's for the church and the party . it 's just a little too long . sharon look great . mrs . vander y'know , I cry over the invitation -- just imagine I in church . ( laugh ) it will be so good to spend time with you . ( continued ) 12 . continued : Sharon force a smile -- but be mystify . Mrs. vander be walk to the counter and pause to say ... mrs . vander you know Dan and I renew we vow last year . I bet that 's where you mom get the idea . sharon they vow ? mrs . vander you mom and dad -- the ceremony ... Mrs. vander realize what 's go on and stammer on , sympathetic and embarrassed . mrs . vander oh , well ... y'know , I just get that invitation a few ... just now , so I be sure you will ... sharon oh , yeah . we have have ... there 's be some problem with the mail in we building , so ... I will probably get it today . they're both cover like mad , both realize Sharon 's be leave out . sharon so , I guess I will see you . mrs . vander sure , honey . I will see you there . Sharon leave -- Mrs. vander stare after she , feel bad . as Sharon walk away , we see she force smile die , replace by a old pain and darkness . ext . residential STREET - day robby and Sharon 's unit pull up at a house remodel with a sign mark " pogue construction . " Sharon exit the car and walk onto the site , move toward a man who be both carpenter and supervisor on the job . this be she brother , larry pogue , 29 . they be not comfortable with each other -- a old wound . he give she a wary nod . she 's try a little harder , be a bit more friendly . we can sense the strain . ( continued ) 13 . continued : sharon I do not see he truck , so ... larry he 's not here . sharon how you do ? she touch he shoulder as she say this , a friendly gesture , a reach out . he do not respond , only shrug . larry I be okay . sharon Kathy and the boy ? Bet he 's big now . larry growin ' fast . sharon be he look more like you now -- or do he get lucky ? she have break through a bit and they both smile a brief , wry smile . larry he 's get Kathy 's look and brain and my strong back . you should feel he grip . ( pause ) you just pass by ? she look about . sharon place be come along nice . the octagon window . dad 's signature . but Larry 's look stay on she , wonder what 's on she mind . sharon look , Larry , I should not have to hear it from Mrs. vander -- about what 's happen . he turn back to he work now as they speak , uncomfortable . ( continued ) 14 . continued : larry what 's happen ? sharon ( hurt ) so you really be not go to tell I ? nobody be go to tell I ? Mom and dad renewing they vow , the church , the party . Mrs. vander be all excited . she buy a new dress . it 's blue . larry we be workin ' on dad . we think you should be there . we tell he . sharon Mom tell he ? larry we mention it . sharon he 's hold out , hah ? larry you want to come ? sharon it 's my family . Jesus , lar . it 's over ten year , and he will not let go of it . larry you two be always head to head . sharon for good reason . remember ? larry let 's just leave it . she stare , then ... sharon you be still scared of he . piss , he throw he hammer down on the plywood , turn to she . ( continued ) 15 . continued : larry I do not think it 's a good idea you come around here in uniform . people see it , they think we be in trouble here . sharon Nice see you , too . she walk away . he frown , pick up he hammer , go back to work . on STREET as Sharon walk towards the car , she see a van approach and she hold up a hand to robby and call out ... sharon two more minute . and she walk toward the oncoming van , which be parking now . ext . van - day the van be drive by kathy , Sharon 's brother 's wife . beside she in a car seat be larry , jr. , four year old . Sharon come to the roll down window on the driver 's side . she have a warm smile for Kathy and the child . Kathy smile , too . kathy hi! look -- it 's you auntie Sharon . sharon hey , champ , my God , look how big . she have a special affection for the boy -- who be subdued , but he smile a small one for he aunt . she take one of he hand and they shake in mock formality . larry JR . hi. sharon ow ! you hurt my hand with that grip . whew . ( continued ) 16 . continued : she shake she finger , and he smile a bit more . Sharon reach in and rub he head in a mock knuckling move . he laugh . she smooth he hair , affectionately . kathy we be bring Larry he lunch . hey , it 's good to see you . it 's be awhile . what ? Sharon be stare at Kathy 's badly bruise ear . kathy oh , I go boom into a low shelf -- chase after he of course . ( nodd to the child ) how're you do ? Sharon pull she eye off the bruise to meet Kathy 's look -- and connect . sharon I be semi-okay . I hear about the ... ceremony and the party . kathy ( embarrassed ) oh. I hope you will be there . ( pause ) really . Sharon smile a bit , appreciate the support . she pat Kathy 's arm . sharon take it easy . you too , champ . the boy offer he little hand to shake again . sharon oh , no . you be not break my finger again . they smile and drive on and Sharon walk toward she car and robby . ext . CITY park - day ( next day ) we watch mom and kid and a basketball game in the park and pick up catch walk by . two pre-teen be play bounce and catch with a rubber ball against a ( tennis practice ) wall , and one of they miss , and catch make a lunge and snag the ball . instead of throw it to one of the boy , he fire it at the wall . ( continued ) 17 . continued : one of the boy catch it , bounce it off the wall toward catch . catch grab it , and now he 's part of this rapid-fire game -- and he 's athletic and funny , too , play hard and mugging and make they smile until ... a police car come roaring down the boulevard , slow a bit to chirp its siren a few time -- clear traffic . catch glance up and see ... catch Pov Sharon be in the car beside robby . on catch stun by the sight of she -- and he do not know why . he can not move , can not breathe , eye fix on she . the police car pull around a truck and roar on -- and that 's when he be strike by a memory , a little like lightning . it come as a quick -- flashback - ext . freeway - accident site - catch Pov -- the man near death . Sharon be bend close to he , this all just a sliver of a image , and it jolt he . back to scene ( present ) the police car be now converge with other squad just half a block away . catch throw the ball back to the boy and run toward the police incident . the boy watch he go , wonder . ext . close store - day a police car be park askew near this close store -- as now robby and Sharon 's unit roar to a stop beside it . two cop be call and motion to they , one hold a shotgun . this be ray juliette . ray break - in alarm . one suspect in -- nobody out . take the back . and they be move . ext . back of close store - day robby and Sharon be hurry around to the back as we hear more police unit converging in front . 18 . angle - STREET as catch arrive on the scene and see Sharon and robby move around the building to the back . he be still amaze at the sight of she . he decide to follow she , keep she in sight , drive . on sharon , robby they be scout through crate and weed as a young man be flushed from cover at the back of the store and run from they . robby freeze ! the man run on , and Sharon chase with robby close behind she . Sharon speak to she shoulder radio mike as she run . sharon ( to radio ) Three - a - 5 , foot pursuit . suspect flee south on pico place , young man , green jacket . no visible weapon ... ( to robby ) robby ! robby right behind you ! ( to man ) stop and lie down with you arm ... shit . the man have jump a fence . Sharon follow . robby careful ! sharon I see he ! she go over the fence , then robby . ext . parking lot - day the man run and Sharon chase . robby , not far behind glance off to the side , see catch , still follow . robby citizen on you right ! hey ! ( continued ) 19 . continued : but Sharon be now close on the flee man who turn suddenly , point a handgun ! robby gun ! and Sharon , wide - eye , be already pull she weapon , but not in time . the man be aim at she and about to fire when he be tackle by catch . catch and the man go sprawling , and the gun fly out of the man 's hand , and Sharon be on he in a instant , point she gun at he ... sharon freeze ! right there ! catch scramble to he foot . robby join Sharon and put he knee in the man 's back and cuff he , then glance at catch . so do Sharon . but catch start to hurry off . robby hey ! wait ! two other cop ( Ray juliette and sanchez ) rush toward the suspect on the ground . ray you get he ? robby he be armed . ray Jesus . robby citizen take he down . ray no shit !? Sharon stare across the lot to where catch have halt . more cop be converge . Ray juliette and sanchez move toward catch , while a sergeant and other surround Sharon and the suspect . in between the crowd of cop , catch and Sharon glance at each other , during ... on catch as the cop reach he . ( continued ) 20 . continued : ray what happen here ? catch I ... just see it and ... I see the gun , so ... on sharon robby you all right , pogo ? she be shake , speak softly . sharon I be dead . y'know . she glance toward catch . ( she do not recognize he from the accident . ) they eye meet briefly , but then they attention be pull to the other . Sharon speak to she sergeant . sharon he have I . I be dead . on catch he be shake , too . sanchez be take note as Ray check he i.d. catch I be just walk by . I live near here . Ray nod , hand the i.d. to sanchez . sanchez sergeant 's go to want to talk to you , Mr. lambert . we will need a statement . ray do not worry about it . that 's just procedure . look -- we appreciate what you do . no bullshit . let we buy you a drink tonight , all right ? you know where the Rib House be ? catch glance at Sharon again , and he nod . 21 . ext . upscale residential neighborhood - day ( same day ) catch , a bit bruise and dirty from he tackle , be carry grocery up the walkway step to a small , well - keep home . he be take out a key as he walk to the cover portico . int . mrs . chu' home - day elanora chu , 60 , be a attractive woman with warmth and intelligence in she eye . she be in a wheelchair , at a write table where she carefully translate a English text into chinese character . she glance up as catch open the front door and head for the kitchen , speak as he go , not look at she or into the live room at all . catch I get you nectarine because the peach be hard as rock . elanora you jacket 's all dirty . she roll away from the table in she motorize chair -- and as they speak across the house , she perform a ritual ... catch ( o.s. ) I tackle a guy . elanora be move about the live room , pick up frame photograph and turn they face down . we do not see what -- or who -- be in this photo . she be turn they all in a routine way , use to this . elanora why would you ' tackle ' a guy ?! catch ( o.s. ) why do you think ? int . kitchen - day catch be at the cupboard , put away grocery as elanora roll into the kitchen , she chair humming . catch he have the ball . he be go for a touchdown . elanora can you be serious ? ( continued ) 22. continued : catch ( as he work ) what day be today ? elanora Wednesday . catch no . they be not smile at they little joke , but they have a ease with each other and the deep love of dear friend . he do not pause in he work , but we can see some nervousness in he as he say ... catch met somebody today . Mrs . Chu be now take some of the grocery out of the bag to help . elanora oh ? that 's good . ahh -- they have the broccolini today . thank you . catch a woman . elanora be more interested and curious now , still help with the grocery and be casual . elanora you do not tackle she , too , do you ? catch no . elanora good , catch . catch she 's a police officer . elanora ( stop ; worried ) be you in trouble ? catch go on work , a depth in he eye . catch no . no trouble . ( continued ) 23. continued : elanora watch he work and gladden slightly . we see she own depth of feel . elanora well ... that 's a good thing . he be still work , but he eye be on he thought , he struggle . catch I see she once a long time ago . elanora stare a moment . this have meaning for she . elanora where ? he do not answer . he 's nervous about this . catch she look the same . now she watch he as he move to the refrigerator and continue he work in silence . int . rib house - that night it 's a noisy restaurant with a large bar area . we pan to a booth of off -duty cop , out of uniform now , include Ray , sanchez , Sharon and a few more male officer . they be all a bit high . Sharon show the sign , too . they be pass around a photo now as one cop look at it and say ... cop beautiful . ... and sanchez say proudly . sanchez yeah . my wife 's get he in agility class . ray no shit . Ray be hand the photo , and we see that they be talk about sanchez 's dog , the name " rex " print on the photo . ( continued ) 24 . continued : ray ' rex . ' rex be good . I wonder who the first person be to name a dog ' fido , ' and what the hell do it mean ? sharon I like how you be always ask the big question , Ray . there be some laughter . Ray be a smart - ass and a flirt . ray I get a big question for you , pogo -- but I can only ask it when we be alone . she move some of the change on the table , slide it toward Ray . sharon here -- use this -- call you wife and ask she instead . sanchez I happen to know Ray 's wife be busy tonight . they laugh and drink and Ray ask she ... ray why do not you partner ever come out with we ? sharon robby 's a family man . ray I be a family man . sharon yeah , but he family actually like he . more laughter . Sharon 's eye do a quick roam of the bar . Ray catch this . ray that lambert -- I guess he 's not show either . she shrug this off like it 's not important and start to slide out of the booth . ( continued ) 25 . continued : ray where be you go ? sharon the head . do you mind ? sanchez she 's just gonna freshen up she makeup . ray you be wear makeup ? she leave the booth with a wry frown . sharon that remind I , Ray . you still have that eye-liner you borrow from I ? she grin , leave the laughter behind she . angle - door catch have enter the bar . he be watch Sharon leave the booth and walk to the rest room . he look back at the raucous booth and hesitates . he sit at a small table near the door . int . bathroom - night Sharon be drying she hand in the bar 's bathroom , stare into the mirror . no smile now . we see into she mind for a second . flashback - man point the gun at she face today . back to sharon ( present ) in the mirror and see how shake she still be . on catch a waitress be leave he table , and he look back at Sharon 's booth and see that she still be not there . he start to turn , and then freeze as he hear ... ( continued ) 26 . continued : sharon ( o.s. ) there you be . she have step out of the bathroom and spot he . he be surprised , face to face now . sharon we think you would not show . why you sit here ? he shrug . catch I do not talk to a lot of people . would you ...? he half rise and gesture to the other chair . she glance back at she booth , then sit . she 's nervous , too . sharon I do not have a chance to thank you . I be Sharon pogue . she put out she hand . he stare at that hand for just half a beat before take it . they shake . the feel of she hand hold he evoke the memory of the accident , but he cover this . sharon you look familiar . catch I guess I live on the beat you patrol . her way to cover nervousness be to be blunt , even tough . sharon why would you do that -- jump a man with a gun ? catch ( shrug ) he be go to shoot you . sharon he could have shot you . you have a death wish ? you a bungee jumper ? catch no . I do not have time to think about it . ( continued ) 27 . continued : sharon what d' you think about it now ? catch I figure ... it be worth the risk . sharon for someone you do not even know ? catch yeah -- and for what you do . I think cop be great . out there , try to keep it safe . you know ? tough job . firemen be everybody 's heroes . kid wave at firemen . people should wave at cop . do you ever think about how many people be walk around this town because you save they ? sharon I never think about it . catch ... because you help they or because you arrest somebody who would have hurt they or because you just ... do you job ? sharon now I be walk around this town because of you . ever think about that ? maybe you should be a cop . catch I do not know ... I look pretty dumb in a hat ... he have make she smile . catch ... and I do not drive and , like I say , I do not talk to many people . be I talk too much ? I be . you go ahead . sharon okay . what d' you do ? you employ around here ? oh , god. sorry . every time I try to talk to somebody , it come out like a interrogation . ( continued ) 28 . continued : catch where do you want to be ten year from now ? sharon what ? catch somebody teach that to I . kind of a shortcut . you ask somebody , what be you plan for tomorrow -- what be you dream for ten year from now . it 's suppose to get thing start . sharon do it work ? catch I never try it . sharon bullshit . catch no. really . I just remember it -- God be my witness . sharon not in here . it 's mostly cop . now she have make he smile , the first real smile we have see from catch . it 's open and real and she be charme by it . sharon you have a nice smile . she 's a bit self - conscious , say that , and just as she say it , the waitress arrive with shot and beer for both of they . Sharon look up , question , and the waitress nod toward the booth . catch and Sharon see the cop , stare , smile , raise they glass . there be a hint of teasing in they grin . and now Sharon be more self - conscious , and a bit tough again , take she drink and turn back to catch . sharon so ... what be we talk about ? oh , yeah , you be give I some line about start a conversation . ( continued ) 29 . continued : catch the shortcut . sharon okay . I will play . they clink glass and drink . then ... sharon tomorrow I have get a night watch shift . if the weather clear , in the morning I will go hike . if it rain , I will go to the gym -- and the laundromat . ten year from now ... I want to be live in some mountainous place . catch tibet ? sharon could be tibet . could be Colorado . you turn . but now Ray juliette be approach the table . ray hey , pogo -- do not keep he all to yourself . come on over , lambert , join the group . we will buy you dinner , give you a medal for save pogo 's ass . Sharon drain she shot and stand . sharon actually , I be kind of tired , Ray . I be take off . catch oh. I will ... walk you to you car . catch stand and turn to Ray . catch thanks for the drink . ray least we could do . we do not like she very much -- but we do not want to lose she . Sharon frown and wave to the booth of cop . Ray smile and shake hand with catch as a good -bye . ( continued ) 30 . continued : catch take care . and catch and Sharon leave . ext . bar - night as catch and Sharon exit the building , walk toward she car . sharon it 's not a great neighborhood . maybe I should walk you to you car . catch I do not have a car . they walk on , silent a moment . this do not come easy for she . sharon want a ride home ? catch oh , thanks , but ... I like to walk . sharon it 's start to rain . do not be a hero . he hesitates , nervous about it , but then ... catch yeah . if it 's no trouble . thanks . they walk to she car . sharon okay ... ten year from now , what d' you want to be do ? they walk side by side a moment . he shrug . then -- in he open way ... catch I do not know . this be pretty good . she glance at he , take this in , then fumble a bit with she car key , and he ask -- nervously again ... ( continued ) 31 . continued : catch can you drive okay ? she get a little defensive . sharon I be not drunk . you think I be drunk ? I be not . you will know I be drunk when I be throw up , and I never throw up , so do not worry about it . he nod , look at she dead - on a moment . catch the only time I worry be when people tell I not to worry . sharon get in the car , will you ? int . car - night as they get in and she start the engine . catch I be on lundy Street , just off pico . they drive a while . she notice he anxiety . he grip the armrest when she speed up . sharon I be good at this . catch street be wet . sharon be you one of that people who drive ten mile a hour in the rain ? I hate that . catch I never drive . she glance at he , and he notice she glance . catch I will be alright . ( continued ) 32 . continued : he 's force himself to relax . he take a deep breath , sit back in he seat . he watch she as she drive . after a moment ... catch y'know , I can picture you in Colorado . sharon oh yeah ? what be I do there ? catch driving around ... piss off . she smile in spite of herself , slow down . sharon I be not piss off at you . catch give I some time . now she laugh . she drive , not to he building , but to she own street . she park , take a deep breath . this sound a bit hard - bitten because she 's use she toughness to cover . sharon that guy in the bar be my friend -- sort of . we work together , we tell joke and we bullshit , but I can not say to they ... she halt . catch what ? she say this clipped and fast and even tougher : sharon every time I close my eye , I see that goddamn gun point at I and I do not know why I be tell you unless it 's because you be there and because I have three drink , but I be not ready to go inside and close my eye and I do not want to go to you place and I do not want to keep drive around , so what the hell do we do ? ( continued ) 33. continued : catch whew . I feel like we be box , and you have get I on the rope . ( pause ) we will do whatever you want . sharon what I want be to know how you happen to be walk by that parking lot at that minute . what if you hadn ' t be there ? for a moment , she show she fear . catch I guess we be suppose to meet . they stare a while , then she open she door . sharon if you want -- you can come in for a minute . int . sharon' apartment - night as they walk in , she move into the kitchen . sharon want a drink ? catch no thanks . she pour one for herself while he look about . it 's a stiff drink . now that he 's here , she I - do not - want - to - make - a- fool - of - myself alarm be on . she flop on the sofa , watch he . sharon sit down or something . catch I be circle awhile . he 's look around at the clutter of she life -- the intimate detail . sharon you be not suppose to look around . I do not have time to straighten up . ( continued ) 34 . continued : catch so ... it 's more real this way . sharon it 's rude . he turn to she . catch now that I be in here , you seem mad about it . sharon I be not mad . you will know when I be mad . I do not usually let somebody in here , but here you be . that 's all . let 's talk about something stupid . catch you first . she smile in spite of herself . sharon okay -- one thing I do not believe be that ' suppose to ' business . we be ' suppose to ' meet . that sound a little fringy to I , like something you might hear on public access tv . you believe that ? catch some people say we each give off a particular odor -- that can only be detect by one other person 's brain . sharon so , we ... smell each other ? who say that ? catch I have no idea . ( as they smile ) I be more in the destiny school , we-met-in - another - life school . do you believe that ? do you think when we die -- we come back in another form ? ( continued ) 35 . continued : sharon you mean like a duck ? no . I think dead be dead . I have be think about it all day -- and I do not want to think about it anymore . he look at she , step close to she , take the drink out of she hand , put it to he lip and drink it all down . he put the glass on the table . sharon why would you do that ? catch see ? now you be think about I . she get a half smile , assess he . her look be direct , and the attraction be there . he feel it , too , and he deflect it , nodd toward a large photomural of snowcappe mountain . catch let I guess . Colorado . sharon it 's Austria , but I can not picture myself in Austria . I be not good with language , so I could not qualify for the department over there . she rise and go to a desk and take the holster gun off she ankle . she take the cuff off she belt , the mace from she jacket , the shield from she shirt pocket , put they all in a desk drawer . she take off she jacket and throw it over a chair . disarm , she turn to he . her look be all want and push away , almost fierce in she struggle . he see this . sharon thanks for ... come up here . catch do that mean I be go ? sharon ( flustered ) no . you do not have to . I ... catch you okay now ? ( continued ) 36 . continued : her eye grow a bit hard , defensive . sharon oh . you be here as a medic . catch be this the mad part ? she smile in spite of herself -- again . he have get to she . she want to fall into this guy , but she 's pump that brake . they be stand close together . sharon maybe go be a good idea . catch can I come back some time ? sharon why ? catch ( shrug ) must be the smell . that make she laugh , and she resistance fall away with she surprised laughter , and she put she hand around the back of he neck . her touch be electric to he . she be go in for a kiss , and he be retreate . they stare a moment -- and then he suddenly take she shoulder and let loose he own long . it be a hungry and passionate kiss , and in the very midst of it , he break off and pull back , he darkness rush at he . she be stare , surprised , and he be look a bit shake , get the word out just above a whisper . catch I better go . she do not know what to say . the moment hang . he leave . once he close the door , the breath escape she , and she shake she head -- feel like a idiot . she lose control . with a stranger . sharon oh , God . ext . STREET - night catch leave Sharon 's building in a turmoil of emotion , stare hard at he thought -- and he step into the path of a car . the car screech to a stop , and the scream of that brake and white light of the head lamp paralyze catch , and he see -- 37 . flashback - sliver of image headlights suddenly wash into a vehicle he be drive . back to scene ( present ) this sliver of memory jolt he -- and then another one come . flashback - headlight come closer and the scream of brake from he memory , and all of this be explode -- back to scene ( present ) by the angry driver shouting at he . driver what the hell do you think you be do ?! catch be numb -- completely shut down there in the middle of the street . the Driver exit he car and come toward he , raging . driver be you crazy ?! catch be not even aware of he . the man gawk at this -- and now catch walk off . it be raining . the street be wet . angle - residential STREET - night as catch continue he walk , he be still a bit shake -- but when he pass a park car with the window half open , rain get in , he hesitates . he can not just walk on . he look about . he test the lock . he open the door , roll up the window , close the door , walk on . but a man be just exite a doorway to the street -- and call out ... man hey ! hey ! what do you do ? catch stop and turn in the rain . the man hurry toward he , upset , angry . ( continued ) 38 . continued : man that 's my car ! what the hell be you do ? catch nothing . I just ... the man shove he . man I see you ! what do you take out of there ?! catch no , I roll up the window . it 's rain ... the man get in he face , shaky ... man you take my phone ?! hah ?! he shove catch again , and catch 's desperate confusion explode in a surprising reaction , grab the man 's jacket front in one hand and not punch he but quickly slap , slap , slapping he , say ... catch hey ! hey ! wake up ! wake up ! the man be now speechless , freeze , terrify , as catch 's eye hold he with a fierceness -- and a sadness . catch I help you . ( pause ) I help you . catch let he go , and immediately begin walk away , hunching into the rain , he expression dark and troubled . he get five step away and turn . the man step back -- but catch only say ... catch I be sorry . and he walk on . the man watch he go . int . catch apartment build corridor - next day candace , catch 's neighbor , be wait for the slow , rattling elevator with she son . ( continued ) 39 . continued : the elevator door open -- and there be catch , seat on a newly - buy wicker chair in the elevator with a small table across he lap , other box nearby and a long -stemm rise in he hand , wrap for give . catch oh. sorry . he rise and hurriedly get he purchase off the elevator so the woman and little boy can enter . candace Shopping day ? he smile at she , a bit less subdued than before as he get he thing into the hall -- and he manage a special look for Tommy , a wink . he frees the elevator ; they step inside . as the door start to close , catch 's face " follow " the slide door with a funny look for the boy . we hear Tommy laugh as the door close . catch carry he new possession to he apartment . ext . older house - late day a well - keep older home , well - plant , pretty . a woman of nearly 60 be tend the flower . she hear someone approach the gate in the wooden fence . she look up . Sharon be at the gate , in uniform , on she dinner break . the older woman be she mother , Elaine pogue . there be a old strain between they , a sadness -- and a nervousness in Elaine . she 's a quiet woman . she smile at she daughter as Sharon come through the gate . they hug tentatively , a lot of baggage here . Sharon turn to the garden . sharon it 's look great , Mom . mother ( pleased ) thanks , honey . it 's the best year ever for the impatien . the very best . there be a beat of awkward silence . mother let 's go in . int . pogue home - day as they enter . ( continued ) 40 . continued : it 's a bit dark inside , older furniture , lot of keepsake clutter and photo . Sharon be restless in here -- bad memory . sharon look the same . still smell like cigarettes . I think he quit . mother he 's down to six a day . sharon you hair look nice . her mother touch she hair , self - consciously . she can not help glance at she daughter in all that gear -- bullet - proof vest under she shirt , radio , cuff -- and that gun . mother be you well ? Sharon step close to the mantel . there be a photo of she there , graduate from the police academy , a professional , not a family shot . she be surprised . sharon I guess I be well . be this always here ? mother yes . it 's always there . sharon do Larry tell you I come by where he 's work ? be that why you call I ? mother I call because we want to invite you to we renewal of vow . it 's three week from Saturday . sharon who 's 'we . ' you say ' we ' want to invite you . mother the family . Sharon take that in , still look about . ( continued ) 41 . continued : sharon how come you be renewing you vow ? mother it 's sort of ... a fresh start . sharon you idea ? mother no. both of we . it 's a way of ... have the marriage bless . sharon be not it bless before ? her mother sigh , sad for all the trouble between they . mother sherry ... of course it be bless . you just ... sharon I just what , Mom ? mother you just think about the bad , and you never remember the good . I wish you remember the good . Sharon stare deeply at she . sharon sorry . I wish I do , too . ( then , almost like a child ) do he ? remember any good about I ? mother of course . he do not hate you . he just ... still feel hurt . sharon hurt ? I hurt he ? mother be arrest like that . somebody do not forget that . sharon oh ? how come you forget what he do ? ( continued ) 42 . continued : mother it be not as bad -- you always make it sound worse . and it have not be that way for year . sharon I be glad it have not be that way . that mean it work , Mom . that be the point . that 's why I do it . Christ . why do I get punish for it ? mother honey , nobody 's punish you . we be invite you . will you come ? sharon of course I will come . mother we do not think you would want to . sharon why not ? now she mother show a trace of fear . she say gently ... mother we do not want any trouble ... on that day . please . sharon Mom , I be you daughter . I do not want any trouble -- ever . I will come to the ceremony . I will not come to argue , and I will not come in uniform . they each get a small , sad smile . mother it 's on the 23rd . Saint monica 's . sharon I would like you to send I a invitation . Mrs. vander say it 's a beautiful invitation . her mother start to leave the room . mother I will show you . ( continued ) 43. continued : sharon Mom . I would like to get one ... in the mail ... from my family . okay ? mother yes . Sharon go to the door , then stop and turn , let she guard down all the way to say ... sharon tell dad ... thanks . and she leave . ext . sharon' apartment - evening Sharon be climb the outdoor staircase to she apartment , tired after she shift , drain a bit by she visit home . when she reach she door she see that a long-stemmed rise have be mask - tape to she door . written on the mask tape be : " catch lambert " and a phone number . she pause , stare at this , get a little grin . int . sharon' bedroom - night ( hour later ) Sharon be dress for bed in a sleep shirt , lie on the bed , surround by old photo and a couple of photo album from she girlhood . in a vase on she bed table be catch 's rise . Sharon be feel blue , look at she young self within the family that have shut she out . she close the book , angry at herself for nearly cry . she sit up and catch sight of the rise and rummages in the drawer and pull out the tape with catch 's phone number on it . she 's very conflict about this . she put the tape down , but it stick to she finger . she tear it off and try to throw it onto the table , but it hangsoff she thumb . she sigh and steel herself and dialsthe number . int . catch apartment he have buy a shelf unit that " need some assembly " and he 's at work with a screwdriver , he new chair and table nearby , the phone on the floor . phone ring , and he pick it up . 44 . full shot as we intercut the call : sharon do you have a machine ? catch what ? sharon do you have a answer machine ? catch yes . sharon will you hang up please , and I will call you machine . catch why ? she hang up . he stare at the phone a moment , bewilder . he hang up , and he phone ring . he let it ring . his machine come on with no recording , only a beep . sharon hi. maybe we can ... have breakfast or something . I get up early and run in ballard Park . there 's a denny 's across from the park . like eight or so . if you be there , you be there . she hang up , sigh a heavy one . sharon oh , God . and she fall back on she bed . int . denny' - morning catch walk in , glance at the clock . it 's 7 a.m . he 's nervous -- and excited . he take a seat where he can watch the park , the runner . he wait . int . sharon' apartment - morning she have toss and turn all night . she be awake , turn to look at she clock-radio . it be 7:14 . she raise a hand over it . ( continued ) 45 . continued : it change to 7:15 and the radio come on . she slam she hand down on it , cut it off . she lay back and heave a sigh that become a moan , sit up again and pick up the phone , dial the number on the tape . sharon hi , do not pick up . look , I do not sleep much and anyway this be a bad idea . I be feel funky last night and I be all right now so let 's just leave it where it 's at . bye . oh , thanks for the ... bye . she hang up and lay back down and pound she head into the pillow and cover herself , even she head , with the sheet . int . denny' - morning catch be wait , watch out the window . it 's 8:05 , until we ... dissolve to : int . denny' - morning ... and now it 's 8:38 , and catch be still wait and watch . int . sharon' bedroom - morning she be still in bed , under the sheet . someone begin knocking on she door and she sit up , bleary and frustrated . sharon damn it ! she stumble out of the bedroom to she door . sharon what ?! who ?! catch ( o.s. ) it 's I . sharon oh , Jesus . ( continued ) 46 . continued : she open the door . he wear a stern look . she be not apologetic . sharon I be just fall asleep . finally . catch we make a date . sharon it be not a ' date . ' catch okay , a ' appointment . ' I keep my appointment . she give a exasperate moan and turn to stagger back to bed . he close the door and follow . sharon I call you . I call you at seven . catch I get up early . I walk there . I wait there . sharon check you message . she head for the bed , pass a mirror , look at she rumple self and groan at the sight . she climb into bed and snuggle there and put the sheet over she head . he be enter the bedroom . he carry a denny 's take - out bag . sharon ( under the sheet ) I need more sleep . come back in a month . catch come back ? what make you think I would come back here ? the lump under the sheet say ... sharon then why be you here ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : catch I be here to tell you that when you tell someone you be go to be somewhere then that someone rearrange he life and you should be more aware of that and a lot more considerate instead of just ... she have come out from under the sheet and be watch he . sharon what 's in the bag ? catch what ? none of you business . sharon do you bring some coffee ? catch you think you deserve coffee ? sharon what else do you bring ? food ? catch ( open the bag ) you definitely do not deserve food . I have get coffee , sugar , sweetener , non-dairy ... sharon just black . Black . thanks . she sit up . he hand she the coffee . she sip , relishing the sip , then study he . sharon so what kind of life do you rearrange in order to get to denny 's ? you never say one word about yourself last night . what d' you do ? catch what 's the difference ? sharon what 's the difference ?! you be stand in my bedroom . that 's the difference . who be you ? ( continued ) 48 . continued : catch somebody who keep appointment . sharon you be ducking . do not duck . ( then a think ) oh , shit -- you be marry , right ? convince -- she pick up one of the throw pillow from the bed and toss it at he . catch I be not . sharon I do not believe you . catch you do not believe I ? give I back the coffee . sharon no . catch give I the coffee . she hand he the coffee . he hit she with the pillow and hand she back the coffee . he have make she smile , but she continue , half teasing now . sharon oh , God . oh , wait -- you be involved in some criminal activity , be not you ? great -- that 's all I need . catch my name be catch lambert . I do not work . I do not commit any crime . I like be with you . we can start from here -- from now . sharon bullshit . I be ... I let you in here . I be not go to be some fool . I need the detail . catch and I need to start from here . sharon that 's ridiculous . why ? ( continued ) 49 . continued : catch that 's the way it be . sharon oh . you rule . catch my rule . sharon Jesus . okay . Fine . I do not really want to know you anyway . Goodbye . he be conflict -- but he will not relent . he walk to the door . she stare , wait . but he never turn around . he walk out . she be mystify , exasperate . she hear she front door close . she put the coffee on she bed table -- and find herself stare at that damn rise . she suddenly get up and begin to dress hurriedly -- with a plan . ext . boulevard - day Sharon be drive , speed a bit , get to catch 's building ahead of he . ext . catch build - day he approach he apartment building , unlock the front door , walk in the entrance area . now we see , across the street , Sharon exit she car and follow he . ext . build - day the front door have lock automatically . outside there be a panel of buzzer and apartment number . Sharon hit all the button . somebody buzy she in . int . lobby - day Sharon enter , look at the elevator . it 's not move . she go to the stair , listen , hear he trudging up the stairway . she follow silently . int . hallway - day as catch reach he apartment door , unlock it , open it and walk in . 50 . int . catch apartment - day before he can close the door behind he , it bang open wider , startling he -- and Sharon be in the doorway , stare hard at he . sharon ( sarcastic ) can I come in ? she walk in and close the door and start look around as he say ... catch yeah . sure . come in . despite he recent " decorate " the apartment be still nearly empty . no book , magazine , photograph , no clutter of life . she glance into the equally sterile kitchen . sharon you live here ? nobody life here . this place be some kind of front , a scam , a drop -- or what ? catch this be what you tell I about -- right ? sharon what ? catch you interrogation . do I need a lawyer ? he have make she look at herself , and take a breath . sharon I just do not want to be jerk around . catch I be not . sharon then tell I straight out . who be you ? he be silent , and she start to leave . moment of truth . catch what be it you be look for ? ( continued ) 51 . continued : sharon you life . I do not want any surprise . catch this be it . I sleep here . I walk around town . that 's all of it . sharon that 's all of it ? catch yeah . except for you -- the way I feel about you . sharon which be ? catch surprise . I think it be impossible . I think I be ... sharon you think you be what ? Gay ? catch Dead . in a way . sharon I be suppose to understand that ? catch no . do you ever wonder what ' scratch ' mean , when people say , ' we will start from scratch ' ? this be scratch . we can start from here . she look at he , look at he empty place , he non-life , and back at he again . sharon I do not know . I just do not know . she break off the stare and head for the door . he watch she go . ext . upscale neighborhood - day ( same day ) as catch charge up the stair to the wide porch of Mrs. Chu 's well - keep home , carry a grocery bag , head full of he thought . 52 . int . mrs . chu' home - day as catch enter . she be watch tv . he do glance into the live room briefly to throw she a quick hello smile , before move to the kitchen . she snap off the tv and begin turn the photo face down as she send she voice to the kitchen . elanora I remember that . that be a smile . int . kitchen - day he be put grocery away as she roll into the room . he do not look at she , try to be casual , but he thought be bubbling out . catch you know the cop -- the woman cop ? she ... visit I . Mrs . Chu register surprise at this , but keep it cover and casual . elanora oh ? where do she sit ? catch I have a chair now . elanora you be ... see she ? he darken a bit as he work . catch she have a lot of question . she want to know everything . elanora of course she do . everybody do . catch we could start from today . what 's so wrong with that ? elanora tell she . the can in catch 's hand bang on the cupboard , and he stop , suddenly uptight . ( continued ) 53. continued : catch tell she what ? Mrs . Chu come closer . elanora tell she , catch . tell somebody . it 's be almost two year . catch ( a warning ) nora ... elanora every time I tell somebody , it get a little bit easier . I be not say it go ... his next warning be tough and absolute . catch nora ! she be silence . the moment hang . she roll she chair to he , take a box of cookie out of he hand , open the box and eat one , defuse the moment . elanora she nice ? he start to work again . catch she 's tough . elanora she pretty ? catch that do not matter . elanora ( smile ) she be pretty . catch she 's sort of piss - off at I . elanora apologize . catch for what ? ( continued ) 54 . continued : elanora it do not matter . we like it when man apologize . he stare at she a while . catch I be sorry I yell at you . she smile and hand he the box . elanora have a cookie . see ? int . police report room - night Sharon be type at the computer , dark and dogge in she work . Lieutenant sanderman be watch she through the glass wall of the watch commander 's office . he come out of the office and move to where Sharon be type . sanderman Sharon ... sharon ( type ) Lieutenant ... we can see the computer screen now . Sharon be search for any prior record of " catch lambert " -- arrest , conviction . she have several " Carl lambert " on the screen , even a " casper , " no catch . sanderman anything bother you ? sharon why ? what would I do ? sanderman nothing . I be talk about you general attitude lately . Sharon stop type . she can find nothing . she clear the screen , sigh . sharon my attitude 's fine . end of a long day . I be tired . sanderman family matter get to you ? ( continued ) 55 . continued : sharon family ?! sanderman you brother , Larry ... sharon what about Larry ? sanderman you know nester -- on the culver City p.d .? he go out on a violent domestic dispute yesterday . a neighbor call it in . it get a little ugly . no arrest -- a warning . this hit she hard . sharon Larry . oh Christ . sanderman nester say it 's not the first time . Sharon be quiet a while , take it in , shake by it . sharon thanks for tell I . ext . residential STREET ( culver CITY ) - day ( next morning ) Sharon , not in uniform , be approach Larry 's house . it have a small yard with kid ' toy strewn about and a tire - swing . she walk up on the porch and ring the doorbell . she hear voice inside , larry and kathy , a quick murmure , low-voice argument , can not make out the word . in a moment , Larry open the door . larry Jesus , you be up early . sharon I want to catch you before you go to work . larry I think you be on late shift . sharon I do not sleep much . can I come in ? 56 . int . larry home - live room - day the place be messy . a tv can be hear -- cartoon . larry what 's up ? sharon where 's kath ? larry she 's busy with Larry Jr. right now . Sharon nod , but then walk past he . int . child be room - day as Sharon walk into this toy-strewn room . Larry Jr. be sit on the floor , watch a small tv . Kathy be not with he . Sharon kneel beside the boy a moment . sharon hey , champ . but he stay focus on the tv , some darkness , some unsayable worry in he eye . she pick up a toy car , speak softly . sharon y'know , they call this one a woody ' cause it have wood on the side . larry JR . I know . now he look at she with sad and bottomless eye . she be hurt for he . Larry be now in the doorway . Sharon kiss the child 's head and walk out , pass she brother . larry why would you come by ? sharon to see Kathy . int . hallway as Sharon head for the master bedroom , Larry take she arm . larry she 's not feel good . ( continued ) 57 . continued : Sharon pull away from she brother . sharon I will just say hello . int . bedroom - day Sharon walk in . Kathy be sit on the bed , she face badly bruise . they stare . Kathy speak quietly , she eye fill . kathy do not make it worse . sharon it get worse ? kathy he 's okay now . he 's tear up about it . do not make he mad . Sharon move closer . she reach out , touch Kathy with a comforting touch as the woman turn she bruise face away . sharon when Larry and I be grow up , we mother say that all the time . ' do not make you father mad . ' ( pause ) have he hit Larry Jr. yet ? kathy he never would . sharon oh . just you , huh ? Larry be in the doorway now , angry . larry what d' you think you be do in my house , shar ? in my home . she walk out of the room and he follow she . int . live room - day she turn on he . sharon you see a pattern here , bro ? ( continued ) 58 . continued : larry I lose my temper . thing get out of hand . it will not ... sharon people always say that : ' I have get a temper . ' like it 's a excuse . larry I do not need a goddamn lecture . she come very close to he . sharon you want to hit someone ? next time you ' temper ' flare up , lar , and you just have to hit somebody , you go home and hit you father . larry you blame everything on he . sharon I be blame you , you fuck coward . he grab she shirt hard . larry you do not come in here ... he push she into the wall . larry you do not come in here and call I name . sharon what do you call a man who use he wife as a punch bag ? ( pause ) coward . he swing a slap at she . she block it and punch he hard in the face , and he crash down on the floor . Kathy come run , call out ... kathy do not hurt she , lar ...! ( continued ) 59 . continued : Kathy see that it 's Larry on he ass . the little boy come out of he room . there be a surprised moment . then Kathy pick up the child and take he back to he room . Larry be sit up , shake , he nose bleed . Sharon go close to he , rigid with fury . sharon I know how it feel , ' cause I remember . I remember stand between you and dad and take the blow for you -- and for what ?! you turn out to be just like he , you bastard . ( pause ) and so do I . and she leave the house and slam the door . int . sharon' apartment - night she be just return home after she shift , very tired , drain . she absently turn on the tv , the stereo . she notice a blink light on she message machine and hit the button . larry ( v.o. ) I bet you feel real proud of yourself , shar , knock I down in front of my family . you know what I have get in my hand ? I have get a Polaroid picture of my bust - up face , and I be think of send it to you department , to you lieutenant . I be go to turn you in to the police , shar , and see how you like it . the message end . she stand there a moment . sharon ( quietly ) oh , God . oh , shit . she sit on the edge of a chair , worried , deep in she thought , hit bottom -- the darkness engulf she . in a moment , she look at she desk , walk there , open a drawer , pull out that piece of tape with catch 's number on it -- but it be all stick to itself . she hesitates , then start to pick it apart when a knock at the door make she jump . she wonder , then , somehow , she know . she walk to the door . ( continued ) 60 . continued : sharon it 's you , right ? she unlock and open the door , stare at catch , very vulnerable , on the very edge , she pain and fear over Larry just under the surface . catch hold a box of cookie as a offer . sharon can you just shut up ? just shut up and listen . catch I do not say anything . sharon I do not want to talk . I do not care if you have to play some game and pretend you be a ... ' angel of mercy ' or ... whatever . I do not care , but I do not want to hear about it . all right ? I do not want to hear anything . she step back , allow he in , and close the door and turn to he . sharon it 's a bad night . he see she pain and put he arm around she , push through he fear and hold she -- and she lay she head on he chest . he embrace she fully , and the effect on he go deep , to he core , where there be both pain and long , but he hold on to she , even rock she a bit . she sigh . in a moment ... sharon this be good ... but I be too tired to stand up anymore . he walk she to the couch and have she sit , and then slowly , gently , he " disarm " she . he lift she leg , take the ankle holster and gun off , put it on the table . he turn she , take the cuff off she belt from the middle of she back . he reach into she pants pocket and remove the mace . from she shirt pocket he take she i.d. shield . he have she lie down on the couch now , they face close , eye lock . they linger ... sharon you want to kiss I ? ( continued ) 61 . continued : he look a little lose , but he nod , helpless . he come toward she lip -- finally -- but just before they touch , she say , softly ... sharon kiss I someplace I have never be kiss . he 's not sure what to do . he begin to look she over -- as if hunt , and she get a soft smile . he start slowly toward she ear -- but she shake she head . her shirt be out of she belt and she midriff bare , and he start to move there , but check she with a look . she shake she head . he hunt . her smile deepen a bit . he take she hand and turn it over , go for the soft flesh on the underside of she forearm , and she close she eye . he kiss she there softly , and then again , and then he lavish kiss from she wrist to the underside of she elbow as she sigh with pleasure and draw up she knee in a kind of sensual glow that be lead they to ... no . he stop . she look at he , a deep look , soft voice . sharon why do you stop ? you always stop . she have a glimpse of he mystery , the old sorrow , the deep pain . he hug she draw - up knee , close he eye a moment . then he sit on the couch , put a pillow on he lap and raise she slightly , lay she head on the pillow . he stroke she hair , she scalp as she close she eye and sigh , slowly move toward sleep . we trumpet music slide in here , lush and dreamy as we linger a while , and then -- slow dissolve to : int . sharon' apartment - morning just after dawn . catch have sleep on the couch . he be beginning to awaken now as the first light strike the window . the dreamy trumpet fade out . catch 's eye clear , sleep replace by think , and he be suddenly shake by -- flashback - catch Pov -- a sliver of memory . but in this one , he be drive . we see he hand on the wheel . then he Pov look to the side and we see a asian - american woman seat beside he , attractive , about he age . her name be Annie . she be say something to he . we do not hear the word . when the flashback end -- 62 . back to scene ( present ) catch sit up on the couch , jolted . he get another sudden -- flashback - headlight glaring through he windshield , blind he . he gasp , sit there on the couch , but it 's all over . he stand , rattle , and he move toward Sharon 's bedroom . int . bedroom - morning Sharon be peacefully asleep . he stand over she with troubled eye , but this slowly change to a loving look . he bend close to she face . he feel she breath on he . he want to lie down with she -- but he raise a hand and very gently brushes she cheek . she stir . he do it again . she sigh a peaceful sigh , open she eye . he smile at she . catch New day . ext . boulevard - day Sharon be drive catch home . they be now on a main boulevard of store , office building . they stop at a light . both be surprised by a voice call out from the pedestrian crossing the street . pindella ( o.s. ) catch ? they look up to see a well - dress man pause in the middle of the crosswalk to face they car . he be in he forty , tall , with grey - blond hair . this be richard pindella . he have a small smile and wave for catch . Sharon be curious , look at catch . catch throw the man a dark look and then turn away , ignore he , nervous , intense . pindella catch ? catch ( to Sharon ) drive , will you ? pindella be move toward the car , Sharon watch he , wonder . ( continued ) 63. continued : catch drive ! the light change . pindella hurry to the curb as the car surge forward . Sharon drive slowly , check the mirror to see pindella stare after they -- then enter the office building on the corner . catch will you get off this street ? she make a turn , glance at catch . sharon what ? you owe he money ? but he dark look persist , and he do not answer . then ... catch if you take a right and stop -- we can walk from here . I would rather walk . he be nervous , be in the car -- and glad to leave it when she pull over . she watch this , wonder . ext . neighborhood - day Sharon exit the car and lock it , stare at catch . sharon if you be in trouble ... catch I be not . sharon if you be in trouble with he , maybe I can help . catch forget about he . somebody I use to know . I do not want to know he anymore . that 's all . forget about it . walk with I . she hesitates , then fall in beside he as he walk on . they walk along in silence , the neighborhood grow more seedy , tougher as they go . catch be relax now , try to push it all away . Sharon look around she . ( continued ) 64 . continued : sharon this be not a great place to walk . catch I like it here . it 's fine . sharon I work here . it 's not fine . catch what 's the problem ? sharon besides the shooting , break -in , rape , cart thefts ? we have get a loose dog raid garbage can , knock them over . can not catch he . get somebody blow a trumpet between midnight and three . can not find he . as someone approach they , catch make eye contact and smile a small , friendly smile - in-pass . he get a brief smile in return . he and Sharon amble on . he do it again . sharon you know everybody here ? he nod to another young man he 's never meet ... catch how 's it goin ' ? young man goin ' uphill , man . catch and Sharon smile . catch ( to Sharon ) you try it . sharon try what ? catch go ahead . we need this . everybody . she have misgiving . a young woman be bustling along . Sharon make eye contact and present a nervous smile and a nod -- but the woman look at she sternly and bustles on . ( continued ) 65 . continued : sharon I feel like a jerk . I feel like a smiley face . catch smile , Sharon frown , but when a old man pass , she give a small smile . the man light up . old man mornin ' . catch look at she . she try to shrug it off , but can not quite hide she pleasure . now catch be pause as a woman be walk she six - year- old daughter to they park car . catch make eye contact with the girl and do a goofy wave that make she smile . Sharon smile , too . as the girl 's mother be unlock the car , the girl shyly look back at catch for more fun . he do that quick finger trick -- try to catch he own thumb , and the girl giggle but the mother be impatient . mom go on . the girl get in . the mother be about to close the door . she frown , mean -ey . mom move you arm ! the girl slide in further , and the mother slam the door . the girl follow she mother with hurt eye as she walk around to the driver 's side . catch have pause to watch this , he eye gentle on the girl . the mother be about to enter the car when she see catch stare . mom what be you stare at ? catch she feel bad ' cause you yell at she . mom what ?! who the hell do you think you be ? Sharon be uncomfortable . catch persist , never flinching at the woman 's anger . catch she just need you to smile at she . ( continued ) 66 . continued : mom it 's none of you business ! catch why not smile at she ? what 's it cost ? mom who the hell be you to talk to I ?! catch 's anger be like flint in he eye . it surprise Sharon . she 's upset by this . catch you be so damn impatient . woman get away from I ! catch you be so busy be piss off , and time be go by . woman what ?! catch it 's not she fault . the woman get into the car and slam the door . woman I be call the police ! catch no. I be call the police . ( turn to Sharon ) hey -- police . the woman speed she car away . Sharon get in catch 's face . sharon Jesus Christ , catch . catch maybe she will think about it now . ( continued ) 67 . continued : sharon you have no right to do that . God ! you think you know everything ?! who the hell be you , some expert on raise kid ?! the neighborhood angel ?! Jesus ! catch no . no , I just ... some people be walk around blind ... sharon that 's not you problem ! catch do not tell I what my problem be ! sharon okay , fine -- you tell I what it be ! catch maybe it 's not my problem . maybe it 's you problem . maybe you be go around blind . sharon blind to what ?! catch blind to what 's go on around you . blind to what people need . we be suppose to take care of each other . we be suppose to keep each other safe . that 's the way it should be -- if you be not go around blind , like that woman ... sharon or like I , right ? what about you ? how come you can see ? that stop he , the darkness rise . he look about , try to contain it . catch I think I will ... walk the rest of the way on my own . sharon yeah . Fine . ( continued ) 68 . continued : catch I will call you later -- about the hike . sharon I will be out . she turn and walk away . he be still angry , but sorry to see she go . catch shar ... wait . hey ! but she keep walk , and he watch she walk away . then he walk on , upset , mad at himself , try to pound through it , walk quickly . he be pass a alley , when he hear a crash . he look in ... ext . alley - day he see a large dog that have just knock over a garbage can . he and the dog stare . catch walk into the alley , approach the big dog , squat down to look the animal in the eye , and begin petting it . the big mutt be now lean into the petting , and catch 's eye go deep -- and slowly find they way to a sad smile . ext . CITY street - day Sharon and robby be patrol in they unit . robby be drive . Sharon be watch out the window with a deep - eye look , a bit down because of she argument with catch . she be stare as she roll along . sharon' Pov she be watch the people on the street , noticing , for once , just how isolate they be , each in a box , pass without connect . on sharon watch . int . catch apartment - later that day we have never see the apartment flood by sunlight like this , all blind open . ( continued ) 69 . continued : we start in the kitchen , stare at the drawer that be now so load with toy , it will not shut . some brightly - paint soldier be stick out of the drawer . in the live room there be two chair now , and more lamp and table . we pan reveal that the dog from the alley be sit in the live room , watch catch -- whom we now see be hang a picture on the wall -- a mountain scene . he hold the picture in one place , then move it to another , wonder . his fight with Sharon still color he mood , but he 's work through it . catch do we go for ... symmetry ? or ... more off-center . japanese . he glance at the dog as he move the picture . catch be you into this ? Bob ? the dog watch he . ext . larry house - evening it be early evening of the same day , and Sharon be just off shift , out of uniform in she own car , parking on Larry 's street and walk to the door . she knock -- and take a step back . Larry open the door , already angry , he nose bandage , eye blacken a bit from the blow . larry I do not want you around here . sharon let 's go talk in the yard . they stare . she start walk back into he darken front yard , look over she shoulder . she walk to a tree where the tire swing hang , wait there . he go back inside , but leave the door open . in a moment he reappear , come outside , close the door behind he . on sharon and larry as they meet by the tire swing . his eye burn she , hate and pain . sharon you take a swing at I . ( continued ) 70 . continued : larry you ask for it -- call I a coward . you know I would swing . you think I look bad now ? look at this . he have a Polaroid photo in he hand , hold it in front of she , dry blood and bad bruise on he face . larry Nice , huh ? beautiful . the cop will love this , right ? evidence . do not you guy love evidence ? he put it in he pocket , and they stare a moment more . larry you want I to swing . she look away . she nod , speak softly . sharon I be sorry I hit you so hard . larry but you be not sorry you hit I . sharon Jesus , Larry , what about Kathy 's face ?! larry that 's not you business ! nobody call you , right ? she do not ask for you to come here . this be my family . you do not get it , ' cause you have get no family . nobody . so you try to run everybody else 's life . Jesus Christ -- get you own life . that 's the goddam problem . get you own goddamn life . they stare hold , but she be give way . sharon okay . I be sorry I come here . I be sorry I hit you . okay ? larry okay what ? this be very hard for she . ( continued ) 71 . continued : sharon do not go to my department , all right ? larry why the hell not ? sharon Larry ... larry why not ?! sharon because the job 's all I get . larry that 's what I say , right ? no life . she nod , she voice smaller , almost a whisper . sharon that 's what you say . he make she wait , think it over . larry and you will not come around here . you will not call . ever . in a moment Sharon nod . larry and I do not want you to come to Mom and dad 's celebration ... her eye snap to he , surprised . larry not the church . not the party . stay away . I do not want you around . I do not want to see you , shar . after another moment , she nod again -- and he snatch the photo out of he shirt pocket and push it against she chest and walk away . the photo fall to the ground . Larry say without turn ... larry go get a life . ... and she snap . ( continued ) 72 . continued : sharon I get a life ! the word burst out of she , thick with tear , but she 's not cry . Larry stop and turn . sharon how the hell would you know about my life ?! larry I know . sharon you know nothing about I , because you do not want to know . the family do not want to know I . well , too bad . Sharon 's get a life . Sharon 's get a boyfriend . Sharon 's go hike in the morning with she boyfriend . she 's not sit alone miserable like you want . too bad ! she reach down , snatch the Polaroid photo off the ground , walk to she car , enter and slam the door as hard as it be possible to slam it . ext . santa monica mountain - day move through the panorama be two small figure on a hike trail , travel uphill on a ridge . on sharon , catch Sharon be pound along , barely out of breath . she study the beautiful view , and it help she . it lift she . catch be fall behind , breathe heavily . catch hey . hey ! can you wait up a minute ?! she wait . he catch up . sharon I think you walk all over the city . ( continued ) 73. continued : catch ( gasp ) the city be flat . okay ? can we stop here ? can we examine the view ? have a milky Way ? I have burn every calorie I ever have . but she walk on . sharon my favorite lunch spot be another half mile . catch up ?! she smile and walk on , and he follow , call out . catch I be not one of that competitive guy , you know ! ext . pond - day ( bit later ) Sharon be already unpack they lunch as catch trudge up and collapse near a stream - feed pond . she hand he a sandwich , but he shake he head . catch no thanks . I can not eat and have a heart attack at the same time . she smile again and take a bite and stare off , and soon enough she dark thought come and cover she , and catch notice . catch as soon as you get happy , you get sad . sharon I be okay . everything 's code four . catch everything 's what ? sharon everything 's fine . catch Fine ? this be not fine . I know fine . this be something else . something happen yesterday . ( continued ) 74 . continued : sharon yesterday -- you mean you want to hear about it ? catch sure I do . sharon no kid . why ? you never talk about yesterday . catch all my day be the same . he keep stare , wait . she be chew a sandwich , look at he . finally , she begin -- with no emotion . sharon yesterday . okay . yesterday we roll on a 415 . juliette and sanchez have this four guy against a wall , but they be h.d.b. and definitely unco -op . it get pretty jumpy , but we get they in the car with a couple of bruise and robby get a sprain wrist , so I do the rest of the shift with a rookie who lose it over a d.b. in sunset Park , old woman who would be dead maybe six , seven day , and I usually do all right but the smell get to I , and I can still smell she . then we arrest a prostitute work out of she home , and I carry she little girl out to the social worker , and the kid be hold on real tight and make my shoulder wet and I want to punch she rock -head mother , and then shift end and I have a nice visit with my brother Larry . he be stare at she . he take she hand , hold they . catch ( softly ) I be sorry . that would make anybody sad . sharon sorry you ask ? ( continued ) 75 . continued : catch no . no , you can always tell I . she stare a moment , then speak with a irony he do not pick up on . sharon well ... I feel better now . you feel better ? catch I feel fine . great . he take off he T-shirt and begin stripping off he short , he underwear ! sharon what be you do ?! she be surprised , smile , as he plunge into the pond , she darkness dissipate . sharon catch ! there 's no swim here ! and you can not be naked in a state park ! he dive under and surface again . catch take the day off , pogo ! sharon what if a park ranger come ?! he dive and surface once more . we stay close on he . catch take you badge off for once . do not be such a damn Marine about everything . just ... he stop because she be not there . he look about . then suddenly he see she , poise on a boulder right above he , in she underwear about to dive ! he yelp and get out of she way , and she dive off the rock in classic , near - professional form , a beautiful , sleek dive . she hit the water just right and surface , and they splash and swim and frolic and dunk each other in unabash play . ( continued ) 76 . continued : at one point she jump at he to dunk he , and he catch she . they be in chest - deep water and they face be close . they pause -- then she go in for a kiss , but he pull he head back , avoid that kiss and say ... catch someplace I have never be kiss . she smile , stare , then slowly reach she hand to he face , gently close he eye and be about to kiss he on the close lid , but she change she mind and instead put she lip tenderly on each of the small scar on he face . then she move away . he open he eye . she walk to the shore , move to she clothes and start get dry and dress , give he a soft look . catch come to the shore to dry himself , but as he dress , Sharon glance at he body -- and the scarring on he chest and arm . he be troubled about this , avoid she eye . then he make a decision . catch they tell I I be in a accident . Long time ago . sharon look like a bad one . catch I do not remember it . I ... she wait -- but he say no more . she continue to dress , slide she short over she wet underwear -- but before she put she shirt on , she turn she back to take off she wet bra . he glance at she . she look over and catch he glance . they both smile softly , ironically , as they finish dress . sharon we should be think about lunch . we have to pack up . catch so soon ? sharon some of we have to work . ( teasing ) you ever work ? catch yeah . I work . ( continued ) 77 . continued : sharon oh ? you remember that ? work ? she smile and walk off toward the food . he stare after she , he smile fade into thoughtfulness , memory , as he dress . ext . coffee house - day catch be stand outside , look in through the large window , search . his eye settle on a man , and he stare . the man , about he age , be have coffee and read the paper . catch be stare deeply , muster he courage . he walk into the place . int . coffee house - day catch hesitates , then walk over and stand beside this man until he -- jack molina -- look up . Jack beam with recognition and surprise . jack catch -- Jesus ! catch be hold back , smile a bit , but on thin ice here , dip into he past . jack how be you ? sit down . be year . you be out of town ? catch ( sit ) I have be around . Jack 's smile cloud as memory kick in . jack oh , man , I be really sorry about what happen . I never get a chance to say ... catch , with a steady look , say ... catch we do not need to go there . Jack nod a moment . jack okay . all right . so ... what d' you want , a coffee ? ( continued ) 78 . continued : catch I want my old job back . ( pause ) what d' you think ? jack you be workin' ? catch no , but I be up to speed . jack ( think ) well , it 's not good with randal anymore . catch no ? jack no , he 's out of it , but Danny coley 's get something go . wanna go see 'im ? catch stare , nod . catch finish you coffee . ext . parking lot - day ( later same day ) in a seedy parking lot , tough part of town , robby and Sharon be arrest two teenage girl . one of they be lean on the car as Sharon search she . robby stand back with the other ( cuffed ) girl . robby be stare at Sharon through this moment -- note the difference in she , still very professional -- but softer . the girl be upset , near tear . Sharon be gentle in she search . sharon I have to check this jacket pocket . what 's you name -- allison ? the girl nod , not trust she voice . sharon I need to unsnap this , allison . I be check you waistband . you get to whitney School ? allison St. mark . ( continued ) 79 . continued : Sharon be search , robby be note all this , he eye appreciate the difference . sharon lift you arm higher . get a good basketball team at St. mark . you play basketball ? ext . STREET - night ( later that night ) Sharon and robby be still on the job , they unit roll down a residential street of apartment building . a park car be blasting music , and robby halt beside it . Sharon start make dance move to the music , sit there beside robby , and he stare at she as she groove , kid it . then robby hit the horn to get the driver 's attention in the park car . robby make a gesture to lower the volume , and the man snap off he tape . robby roll on , glance at Sharon . she wear a small smile , check they beat . robby what 's go on , pogo ? you be not happy or anything ? sharon well , it 's a mix , robby . life be shit , but I be dating this great dead guy . she smile at robby 's look . sharon he say before I come along , he think he be dead . sound better when he say it -- ( stop abruptly ) listen . robby what ? sharon shhh . sh ! robby stop the unit , roll the window down . they hear the faraway SOUND of ... sharon the trumpet player . robby pull over . ( continued ) 80 . continued : robby this time we get he ass . they exit the car and stand in the street , look up , scan the dark building -- but the sound be hard to track , a faint ballad on a skillful horn . sharon wow . robby get 'im ? sharon look at that moon . they stare at the full moon . in a moment , we hear the sound of roaring car , they tire screeching as they turn onto this street , one car speed ahead to cut off the other and force it to stop . the two male driver be scream at each other . robby shake he head . robby full moon , man . hey ! they run toward the driver who be exite they car to confront each other . one big guy carry a baseball bat . robby head off one driver while Sharon intercept the bat -man . driver this guy 's crazy ! bat-man this asshole side -swipe I ! sharon be you mcguire ? bat -man what ?! sharon Mark mcguire ? bat -man no. sharon then put that bat away . put it in you trunk . now . the man hesitates , then move toward he trunk . ( continued ) 81 . continued : driver I never touch he car . bat -man you lie bastard ! the man charge , bat in hand , and Sharon make a fly tackle , bring he down hard on the street -- and we immediately ... CUT to : int . sharon' bedroom - night ( later ) as she lie on the bed , on she stomach , she top off , and catch straddle she , massage she back and shoulder which be sore from she tackle . sharon ow . ow ! catch sorry . sharon no . that 's good . deeper . catch ( as he work ) how heavy be this guy ? sharon like a truck . catch god. tractor-trailer ? sharon pickup . ow . ow ! that 's really good . she begin to moan as he dig out the pain . he be fight against the erotic charge of this , try to keep it medicinal , but he 's get he hand all over she naked back , and she be moan -- so he stop and take a breath . catch I better ... more oil . he reach to the bed table and put oil on he hand , notice a card that stand open on the tabletop , a very pretty invitation . ( continued ) 82. continued : catch this be pretty . sharon do not get oil on it . catch renewal of vow -- that 's great . be this you parent ? sharon yes . just put it down . I be not go . catch why not ? she do not answer . he put it down , come back to the slow rub of she shoulder , she neck . in a moment ... sharon if I go , my brother will hurt I with the department . I get mad and knock he down . all they need be a complaint . just leave it alone and keep rub . okay ? she moan in pleasure as he rub , try to push all other thought away . catch so ... he say you can not go ? sharon can not you rub without talk ? ( then ) it 's be bad with my family a long time , so the hell with it anyway . if they do not want I there , I do not want to be there . all right ? catch all right . ( then , as he work ) bad how ? sharon oh , Jesus ! but we see she eye turn inward toward the old pain and , for once , she share it . ( continued ) 83. continued : sharon my father use to knock we around , all of we . but I be the one who call the cop -- finally . ( pause ) they say I turn against the family . catch work in silence a while , absorb this , look at Sharon with more tenderness than ever . in a moment ... catch but ... they invite you . sharon you do not know anything about it . so forget it . catch well ... I know about family . sharon oh , yeah ? what about it ? catch it 's ... a door you do not close . sharon I do not close the door . catch you be close it now . right ? family invite you , you go . family show up , you welcome they in . that 's family . sharon oh , sure . what if they do not deserve it ? catch then you forgive . sharon you have all the answer . catch no. I just ... it seem like a chance , do not it ? a chance to make thing right . I would take it . then you try -- y'know ? and it 's up to they . ( continued ) 84 . continued : Sharon be consider he word , but she 's also deep in she old pain , defensive , challenging . sharon you close with you family ? that hit he , but he keep rub she , gentle now , look a little lose . he do not answer . sharon see ? so why should I listen to you ? but as he work she back in silence , we see she face she pain and think through it . int . sharon' apartment - next morning just after dawn . catch be on the couch , stir in he sleep , in the grip of a unsettle dream . we hear what he hear : the voice of he wife , he son , murmuring . we be not sure of the word , even laughter . catch 's eye snap open , jolted out of sleep , but the voice do not stop , and he suddenly sit up . the voice fade as he catch he breath , gulp air . he try to calm down . in a moment , he rise and move to Sharon 's bedroom . int . bedroom - morning he come to the side of the bed and see that she be asleep . he sit on the bed and study she , he dark thought dissipate as he watch she sleep , he eye go deep . in a moment he begin to raise a hand to brush she cheek -- the way awaken she before -- but he stop before touch she . instead , he bring he face close to she and lightly kiss she . she stir . he kiss she again . she open she eye . they stare at each other . she raise a limp hand and touch he face . he begin to come close , slowly , for another kiss . she welcome it . they kiss on the mouth , very tenderly . they kiss again -- deeper . they kiss again , and she hold he , and he move fully onto the bed , lie over she and support he weight on he elbow and kissing and kissing and let go for once , hungry for she because she be in he heart now , and she be a salvation , and there be a moment when they both pause and stare clear -ey , acknowledge what they be do , and both of they abandon they fear and pain and begin to smile , and they make love that way , smile , as we slowly ... dissolve to : 85 . int . blue club - night the night of that same day find we at this neighborhoody place with a lot of down - to- earth atmosphere and not a lot of noise , like harvell 's in Santa monica -- earthy blue and jazz from a small band in a darkish club , small dance floor . we pan during this slow number and arrive at a few dance couple , include Sharon and catch who mostly just hold each other and sway . when they eye meet , there be a lot of deep pleasure there . the music end . the small crowd applaud . couple head back to the table , but the little band go right into a more up - tempo but still earthy blue . Sharon stop and pull catch back onto the dance floor . he smile and follow . this number have a drive beat , and , slowly , we watch Sharon drop she inhibition and become more and more free out there , and catch be smile and wow by she , and she laugh , wow herself , and she keep go , get wild and playful , and it 's something to see . we linger on the joy and abandon . she 's earn it . they go a little crazy , happy crazy , and in a while we ... dissolve to : same - hour later the blue club be empty out . it 's late . the band be finish what seem to be its last number , for the last of thinning crowd -- include a tired , happy Sharon and catch who applaud the end of the number . catch stare at she . catch what 's you favorite song ? he rise -- as if to go to the band with a request . she smile , spend . sharon catch , I be beat . so be they . I think they be finish . catch one more . it 's a surprise . she watch as he leave she , walk to the bandstand . he talk to the leader who be the piano player . sharon' Pov from the instrument case on the floor behind the piano , catch pick up a trumpet case , open it . now Sharon 's tired smile be change to curiosity , wonder . 86 . on catch as he put the mouthpiece on the horn , nervous , but excited , too , speak to the piano player . catch thanks , Danny . danny ( piano player ) gonna be good have you back , catch . catch come to the edge of the bandstand , grin a bit at Sharon , at he surprise for she , nervously finger the horn . he put it to he lip . on sharon mouth-open surprise -- and then smile with the wonder - - and catch begin to play , close he eye and rendering a ballad , like the haunt " angel eye . " Sharon 's smile slowly fade , replace by a much deeper look , not only because he be so good , but because he be show she he heart , he love and even he pain -- more than he can show she any other way . we intercut as he open he eye briefly , watch she , send she the music , close he eye again to fall into the song -- as Sharon 's eye fill at the beauty and sadness of it , and at this look inside she man . we linger . then ... dissolve to : ext . club - night we keep the sound of catch trumpet go as he and Sharon exit the club and begin to stroll away , arm around each other . in a moment , he stop . he can not go another step . he have to kiss she . he hold she face and come in for the kiss , and above the music we hear she say softly . sharon where I have never be kiss . he stop and stare a moment , then take she hand and walk she out into the middle of the traffic-less boulevard and there , in the center of the street , kiss she , and she respond , and it be they finest , fullest moment , lift on the music , and it be ironic and prophetic that at its peak they be wash over by the revolve light from a police car and a siren that chirp once as they break , stare . ( continued ) 87 . continued : sharon oh , God . we widen to see Ray and sanchez in they police unit 20 foot away . Ray use a small electronic bullhorn to say ... ray be you in danger there ? sharon go away . ray I be talk to he , pogo . catch no thanks , Ray . everything 's code four . go away . Sharon laugh aloud and walk ( with catch in hand ) to the police car , she joy overwhelming any embarrassment . she gesture behind they at the jazz club . sharon see that place ? he 's go to be play there every weekend . catch note the pride with which she say this . ray ( impressed ; to catch ) oh , yeah ? what d' you play ? sharon it 's music , Ray . you would not like it . she wave and walk off with catch , arm around each other . the cop watch they go . dissolve to : int . catch bedroom - day ( next morning ) Sharon be asleep , alone in the tousle bed . int . live room - morning catch be dress , put a leash on Bob , glance into the bedroom at Sharon . ( continued ) 88. continued : there be love in he look , and then a pass question , too , a residue of fear now that they relationship have begin in full -- but it all end up in a soft smile for she as he walk Bob to the door . he hesitates at the door -- then walk into the kitchen and slide open that drawer of toy , stare at they . int . bedroom - morning ( minute later ) Sharon be waking , sleepy . she rise , find a robe and slip it on , call out softly for catch . int . live room - morning Sharon see that catch and Bob be go . she drift to the window , look at the day , look down at the street -- and she see they . sharon' Pov she see catch and Bob on they way into the park across the street from the building . on sharon she smile and move into the bedroom to dress . ext . CITY park - day ( minute later ) catch be walk Bob in the park , but be also check for someone , study the playground . he begin walk toward the swing . angle - sandbox Tommy , catch 's neighbor , be play in the sand with a metal truck . catch walk up to Tommy , carry a bulg plastic bag -- but Tommy 's attention be on Bob , and pet the big , friendly dog . angle - candace she sit on a bench nearby , watch this , smile a bit . 89 . on catch , tommy catch kneel in the sand , beside the boy , and he spill out the content of the bag -- action figure , superhero , soldier . Tommy go wide - eye at the array . catch be pleased by the boy 's reaction . catch keep a layer of emotion cover here . catch you like this ? tommy yeah ! catch well ... they be for you . we can pretend it 's you birthday . Tommy stare at he , then back at the toy in delight . candace be walk toward they , and catch turn to she . catch I hope you do not mind . tommy they be for I , Mom ! her look of surprise question he . catch yeah . I have ... kind of be save they up . candace for Tommy ? he nod . she kneel close to she boy , the toy , pleased but not quite know what to say . candace well , thank you . thanks a lot . catch nod , grin at Tommy who be already at play with the figure . angle - sharon she have enter the park and witness this from a distance . she be angle toward the playground . on catch he watch Tommy at play with the figure , but it 's almost too much for he . he touch the boy and rise , smile and nod at candace and begin to walk off . 90 . on sharon she hurry she step to intersect with catch . on candace , tommy candace wow , Tommy -- look at they all . do you say thank you ? now Tommy look up . catch be move away with Bob , walk home . Tommy stand up , candace call out to stop catch . candace Excuse I ! on catch but he be walk on , some of the emotion seeping through , not darkness , some old joy welling up . we see , in b.g. , Tommy start to run after he to say thanks . we now have a convergence of Tommy , Sharon and catch , who be move steadily toward the street , crossing a bike path now . a biker be come on . all in one moment catch hear the whizz of the bike , Tommy call out " thank you , " and candace shouting " be careful ! " and catch go cold inside and turn quickly and rush onto the bike path , take the collision with the bike so Tommy be sure to be safe . catch and the biker fall hard . Sharon stop -- hold she breath . Tommy watch , wide -ey , and candace come run . catch be rise , a little sore and soile . the biker be angry . biker goddammit -- I see the kid . Jesus . I be not even close . but catch be walk away with that freeze , numb look , all shut down by he fear and he memory as Bob trot along beside he and the biker come after he and Tommy and candace watch he go and Sharon hurry she step to catch up . the biker reach catch first . biker wait a minute ! hey ! but catch will not turn to he , walk on -- and the man get in front of he , raging . ( continued ) 91 . continued : biker why the hell do you cause a wreck ?! I tell you -- I see the kid , you idiot . I be ... pain and darkness build in catch 's eye until he say in a quiet , choke voice , right into the biker 's face ... catch one more word , and you life will change forever . the man stop talk , look at the dead certainty in catch 's eye . he want to say more , to save face , but catch 's look hold he like a fist . Sharon have stop , freeze , watch . the biker turn away and walk back to he down bike as catch move on . Sharon can hardly believe all of this , follow catch again . on catch , sharon sharon catch ! catch ! it take a moment for she voice to penetrate , then he quickly turn and see she approach . sharon be you all right ? you elbow 's bleed . I ... but he be tight , nearly freeze , everything hold in . sharon what 's wrong ? he walk away from she , and this shake she , and she catch up again . sharon where be you go ? catch -- you be scare I . please ... but he walk on , desperate , and she get in he way , face he . sharon please , catch , do not ... can not you talk to I ?! he turn and walk off , head for the street . ( continued ) 92 . continued : sharon please . wait . I ... catch ! he have walk into traffic -- not completely unmindful of the car , but desperate to get away . she watch this , freeze , as horn blare . he have to stop in the middle of the street to wait a moment , and he stand there , stricken . on catch as the traffic move around he and the dog -- a horn blare , brake screech , and he throw into a storm of ... flashbacks that come sharper and faster than before , bit and piece of memory outside any order : he be drive , Annie smile at he , headlight blind he , Annie scream , the little boy in Annie 's arm grin at he , brake scream , Annie say something to he , calmly , but he can not hear she , the headlight blind he again and brake scream again , and : back to scene ( present ) catch stand there shake and shut down . on sharon watch he , shocked and frighten for he . she see the traffic let up , and catch cross and walk toward home . she watch he go . ext . busy STREET - day ( later ) as robby and Sharon 's police unit move along with traffic . in a moment they pull over and park beside a office building . it be the same building the man enter shouting , " catch ! " Sharon watch the building 's entrance . after a while ... robby be you go to tell I why we be sit outside this building again ? sharon watch for somebody . tall guy . 40s . grey-blond hair . ( continued ) 93. continued : robby what 's it about ? sharon it 's personal . robby Fine -- what be I suppose to do ? sharon chill . she watch the building , study the people who come and go . int . catch apartment - day catch be at home , still shake by what happen to he in the park . he reach for the phone , punch in a number . it ring and elanora Chu pick up . catch be deep in he pain . elanora ( v.o. ) hello ? catch ( softly ) hi. elanora ( v.o. ) hi ! how be you ? have you be out in this great afternoon ? Brenda take I for a walk . she sense the silence on the other end and quiet a bit . elanora ( v.o. ) anything wrong ? catch I have be ... remember . she be quiet for a moment . elanora ( v.o. ) catch ... this be good . catch it 's awful . elanora ( v.o. ) no . no , there 's good to remember . ( continued ) 94 . continued : he do not speak , shake he head . elanora ( v.o. ) catch ? catch I will call you . he hang up , stare at he thought . ext . busy STREET - day Sharon be still stake out the office building . robby be fidget . she just keep watch . when robby begin to speak , she put up a hand to stop he , go very still , stare out the window at the man who catch be afraid of , Richard pindella . the man enter the building . Sharon get out of the car , intense ... sharon give I fifteen . and she hurry after the man . int . office build - day as Sharon enter , see the man at the elevator . he get into a elevator , and she just miss he . she watch the elevator indicator . it stop at two . she hurry up the stair . int . corridor - day as Sharon bang into a hallway through the stairway door . she look one way , look the other way down the long hall , and see the man just enter a door . she walk to that door . it be mark " private . " she knock and walk in . int . office - day she enter a comfortable office , many shelf , book , couch and chair , big desk . she hear the man 's voice from a anteroom . he 's come toward she . pindella ( o.s. ) Excuse I -- that 's a private entrance ... he see she now , see the uniform . ( continued ) 95 . continued : pindella oh ... be there a problem ? he 's calm , gentle in the eye . she stare a moment , try to keep she emotion undercover . sharon I be not sure . who be I speak to ? pindella I be Dr. pindella . she take she time , afraid . sharon what kind of doctor ? pindella what be this ? sharon do you know a catch lambert ? pindella oh. yes ! be he in trouble ? sharon I ... need to talk to you . he glance at he watch , worried for catch . pindella well , I have a patient in five minute . but I can ... sharon be you a ...? pindella I be a psychiatrist . sharon and Mr. lambert ... pindella my relationship with Mr. lambert be confidential . she 's die inside -- but cover , lie , force she way into this . ( continued ) 96 . continued : sharon he 's you patient . he 's you patient we ... know all this . this be police business . I be officer Sharon pogue -- l.a.p.d. pindella look ... I want to help Mr. lambert but I can not tell you anything that be not public record . sharon in general . in general . he 's you patient , and he ... pindella he 's not my patient . he walk away from treatment . that be ... nearly a year ago . sharon why do he walk away ? pindella I can not discuss that , but if you know how to reach he , I would appreciate be able to talk to he . sharon ( desperate ) you can help by just tell I what 's in the public record . it will take I half a day to do a search . can you tell I ? just ... she be unable to play this out as a " cop , " she emotion come through . pindella see this . she sit on the edge of a chair and take a breath , speak more softly . sharon can you please tell I what 's in the record ? he stare a moment , sympathetic -- and realize ... pindella you be with he -- in the car . you uniform throw I . be you he friend ? she look at he , nod . ( continued ) 97 . continued : sharon more . he take that in , lean back on the desk . pindella I can tell you he be in a accident , hospitalize , refer to I as a outpatient ... sharon what accident ? pindella a bus ... a city bus hit he vehicle . that be a couple of year ago . it be ... a awful thing . his family be in the van . his wife and child . his wife 's parent ... sharon a bus ... and a van . where ? on ... the freeway ? something be pull at she memory . her vision turn inward , and she stop breathe for a moment -- remember . she be there . and here we get a ... flashback - carnage a glimpse of the carnage -- what she see , first on the scene -- with catch lie there . all the while pindella be speak . pindella ( v.o. ) I think so . yes. near Santa monica . on the freeway . he be severely injure but ... throw clear . the other be trap in the van . back to sharon ( present ) still in shock , look at pindella again . sharon Survivors ? only he ? I ... do not remember . pindella remember ? ( continued ) 98 . continued : sharon ( quietly ) yes . I be there . I be there . pindella stare , then ... pindella his wife 's mother survive , but ... she be paralyze . she take a moment , absorb this . pindella elanora Chu . she 's still in town , I believe . sharon do he ... still see she ? pindella he use to . I do not know . ( pause ) I be glad to see ... he have someone else who care about he . I know he 's run from this . he leave all he friend , he home , he whole life . sharon he say ... he do not remember the accident . pindella he lose a lot of memory . I try to help he with that . he resist . walk away . she stare . sharon I think he remember I . very subdued now , she ask ... sharon how do he live ? pindella he receive a large settlement from the city , but he ... barely touch it . he be a professional musician . she stare at he and nod . ( continued ) 99 . continued : sharon trumpet . as he say that , we hear we trumpet music begin -- a fast and furious mute trumpet , incredible riff , and we use this to carry we , as we ... dissolve to : int . police headquarters - day Sharon be in the report room , use the computer , hunt . we move around to see she and the screen . she be search the police record to find the accident . the continuing trumpet riff be the motor for this . she suddenly stop as we focus on the name : " lambert . " then we watch she as she punch up the data and she read . dissolve to : int . sharon' apartment - night we move through Sharon 's nearly dark apartment , its stillness in strange contrast to the manic trumpet riff . we pan to find she curl in a chair , stare deeply , sadly , drink a drink . as we pan , we discover she be look at that mural of the mountain and through this to she thought , and then she make a decision and rise and go to the phone , punch in a number . int . catch bedroom - night he be sit on he bed , back against the headboard , sit there fully dress , shoe and all , knee up -- as he play he mute trumpet , hard and fast , play the incredible riff we have be hearing , play in a drive way , keep he demon away . when the ring of the phone break through , he stop suddenly . he wait . his machine click on and beeps . we intercut the call as Sharon 's voice come on , subdued . sharon catch , it 's I . can you pick up ? but he sit there , wait , listen . sharon why do not we ... meet tomorrow ? I will be in westwood . can you meet I there ? westwood and Cole . about two o'clock . okay ? ( continued ) 100 . continued : he sit there . he slowly put the horn down . he reach for the phone now -- but she hang up before he pick up the call . CUT to : ext . westwood STREET - corner - next day catch wait on a busy street corner in westwood Village not far from Santa monica . he be wait , glance over the pass crowd for Sharon . he see she . she be off duty , out of uniform . he watch she until she spot he . she smile a little , but there be a mix of fear and sadness in she smile . they walk to each other and stop and hug , but it be brief , and then she keep walk slowly , and he walk beside she . there be a strain linger between they . catch shar , I be sorry about yesterday . I ... sharon that 's okay . catch it 's hard to explain , but it 's ... I be okay now . sharon you do not have to explain . he glance at she , wonder , walk along . catch so ... why would we meet here ? sharon so you be the trumpet player who be waking people up -- on my beat . they walk along in silence a moment . catch I use to practice late ... outside . on my roof . sharon on you roof ? that 's why we could not find you . ( continued ) 101 . continued : catch I do not know it bother anybody until you mention it . you arrest I ? they smile nervous smile . she walk on , lead he somewhere . he look about , beginning to show some agitation , but cover it . catch you go to tell I where we be go ? ( as she do not answer ) that 's okay . I mean ... I will go anywhere with you , shar . jaw of death . the mall on a Saturday . just about any ... he slow he step , look across the street and down half a block ... he Pov we see a ivy - cover brick building there , with a sign that be too far away for we to read . on catch and sharon he look quickly away from that building . she see he grow agitation . sharon you can trust I , you know . she take he hand . sharon I have get you now . I be hold on -- like before . catch what d' you mean ? sharon like I hold you before . like I do -- at the accident . he suddenly pull he hand out of hers , shocked , and it shake she . ( continued ) 102 . continued : sharon what make it so ... unspeakable , catch ? what make it like that ? he begin to shut down , to grow cold and numb and not hear this . sharon be it because you be drive ? he turn away , close he eye . sharon I read the report , and it be not you fault . it be not . be it because you survive and they do not ? she put she hand out for he again . sharon catch . please . hold on , and we will go in there together ... he do not take she hand , so she take he and walk a few step toward that building . sharon you can talk to they . you can say goodbye or I love you or whatever ... he pull he hand away again , more violently , a layer of rage over he pain . catch this be wrong ! it 's wrong ! why be you do this ?! sharon to help you . catch I do not need you help ! I do not need this . we do not need this -- we be fine ... sharon we be not . we be not fine , catch . nothing be fine -- no matter how much you pretend . it be as if she 's fight for he life again -- and she own . ( continued ) 103 . continued : sharon you pretend that nothing happen . you walk all over the city help people , but you be die inside . catch I be not die ! I be not pretend ! I do not remember ! I do not remember any of it . so leave I alone ! what good do it do ? it 's go ! and I be all right this way ! why do you have to change it ? I be all right . she point at the building across the street . sharon then walk in there . he can not even look at the place . sharon walk in there , and I will walk in with you . walk in there and say it 's real -- what happen be real . you family die . catch do not talk about that ! do not ! sharon ( break down ) all right -- you talk about it ! you tell I you family die and I say yes , I know , I be sorry , and you say , I love they ... and I say , what a awful thing to lose a family ... catch ( unravel ) damn you , shar . damn you -- why will not you stop ?! sharon so you can have a life ! catch I have a life ! we could have a life . we could get up and go to work and come home to each other and never , never talk about before . we do not need to do that ! why do we need to do that ?! ( continued ) 104 . continued : sharon because it happen ! because it 's the truth ! I be sorry . I be so sorry it happen , but ... catch nothing happen ! if we say it , then that 's the truth , that can be the truth . say it . nothing happen . say it , shar . sharon catch -- take my hand . please . catch say it ! I be ask you to say it . her tear come , and she shake she head . sharon I can not . catch why not ? sharon because I want it too much . I want everything with you . I want all of you -- not just the part that be not hide and run away ... catch why be you push so hard ? why do it have to be you way ? why do it have to be you truth ? this be who I be ! this be the way I be ! sharon not anymore . it do not have to be this way anymore because you be not alone -- because we be the family now . we can be the family ... catch you like to push people , do not you ? you just have to push and shove and make it right for you -- for you . you push everybody , shar . you even push you family away , do not you ? ( continued ) 105 . continued : he have stung she . the tear be in she throat . she have to take a moment , but she push through to say quietly ... sharon I just ... want to say ... catch you already say it . you say it all . sharon when you be ready , I will be there for you . I just want to say that . and she turn and walk away . he watch she go , angry , scared and sorry for what he say . he take a few step after she , want to call out and to stop she . we see he almost call to she . he be come apart , watch she , need she so much , but unable to call out . he be shaky . he take a glance at that building , then away . he stare after Sharon -- but she 's out of sight now . he steel himself , then look across the street again at that building . he be desperately afraid . he stare at the building a long while . he begin to cross the street . he make fist to keep from shaking . he walk to the entrance . ext . build - day this be the " wellston Memorial Chapel and mausoleum . " the sign be on one of the brick pillar . the iron gate be open . he can not walk in there . he just can not . he walk away quickly , as if escape . ext . police build parking lot - next day the new shift of cop be head for its car -- Sharon and robby , Ray and sanchez , other . the mood be relaxed , teasing talk , but Sharon be way down . she try to push she mood away and tough through it . ray Rib House after shift today ? 4:30 ? robby I think I will head home . ( continued ) 106 . continued : ray pogo ? bring you friend . sharon no , I think I will turn vegetarian . ray gotta have that meat to keep you strength up . sharon how come it 's not work for you ? there be a scatter of laughter -- almost by rote -- as Sharon enter she car without even the hint of a smile . robby notice . she just punch up the cad monitor , all business . we trumpet music come in , aching now , and take we into ... int . sharon' apartment - night she be exercise on the machine , slide into she crunch , fast and furious , but all the pain and sorrow be in she eye , and in a moment she just stop . the trumpet music keep go on through this . she look over at the phone . int . catch apartment - night we pan over bob-the - Dog , watch something . we see a few scattered sheet of music lie about , hearing rustling , and we arrive at catch , seat on the floor , shuffle through a stack of sheet music , drive , look for something . the phone ring . he ignore it . he be open up each chart of music , shaking it out , search . Sharon 's voice come on he machine , almost hollow with sorrow . sharon ( v.o. ) catch . can you ... pick up ? ( pause ) will you call I ? he keep search , seem to not even listen . the machine click off . he shake the next music chart and something fall out . he stare at this piece of paper , pick it up , slowly turn it over . it be a picture of himself , a man blow a horn , draw in crayon by a four or five - year-old . catch stare at this with a depth that go on forever , as the music end . 107 . ext . STREET - next day Sharon and robby be roll to a stop in a strip mall parking lot , exite they car . no rush . she 's still very downbeat . as they walk from the car , he keep glance at she , concerned for she . robby pogo ...? she put up a hand to brush all the word away . she can not talk about it . she push through it by do the work . sharon which store be it ? robby the little market there . they come through a back window last night . mostly vandalism ... they walk on , but as Sharon reach the sidewalk , a little child , three year old or so , toddle out the door of a shop . a skateboarder be rattling along , and Sharon make a grab for the child , take he arm gently ... sharon whoa ... ... and pull he to safety as the skateboarder pass by shouting ... skater sorry ! and now the worried mother be emerge from the shop ... worried mother oh , God , thank you . billy ! she pick up she boy , walk back into the shop . Sharon stand there -- as it all bloom inside of she , rock she , really , this little act , evoke catch , who he be , what he say and what he mean to she . robby be a few step ahead , wait for she , but she can not move yet , look around she now at the people walk among the shop and cafe . she pick one . she catch the eye . she give a brief smile . the smile be answer , shyly , kindly , the person move on . robby pogo ? she do not move for a moment . then she turn to robby . ( continued ) 108 . continued : sharon there 's something I have to do . I need a address and phone . robby what 's the name ? sharon elanora Chu . robby look at she , then nod , give she this . robby let 's do it . they walk back to the car . ext . upscale residential STREET - day we see Sharon walk quickly from she police car to the front of Mrs. Chu 's home . robby wait in the unit . ext . chu home - day Sharon walk under that cover portico to the front door , but before she ring the bell , a voice startles she a bit . elanora ( o.s. ) pogo ? Mrs . Chu emerge from the shadow of the portico , roll she wheelchair toward Sharon . she have a smile for she -- but with some reserve . sharon I be Sharon pogue . I know all about the ... elanora elanora . Sharon nod , very hold back . she gesture toward the wheelchair self - consciously . sharon I be sorry for ... what happen . I know about the accident . elanora ( hopeful ) he tell you ?! ( continued ) 109 . continued : sharon no . I find out , and ... I remember . I be there . elanora oh. yes . Sharon stare a moment , begin with some of she tough cover in place , over she emotion . sharon I guess he come here a lot -- to talk to you . elanora he shop for I . twice a week . sharon oh . and when he come here -- he never mention the past , never talk about the accident ? elanora no. sharon and you ... let he do that ? all this time ? why ? elanora it 's what he need . sharon walk all over the city like ... elanora like a angel . yes . sweet man . sharon but ... you let he get so lose . elanora be a bit defensive now . elanora I let he find he own way through it . why do you come here , Sharon ? sharon because ... I want to know how to help he . elanora you be help he . ( continued ) 110 . continued : sharon I do not think so . elanora why not ? sharon he ... he be pay I back , I guess , for the accident , for help he . that 's why he feel ... so close to I . but ... elanora be that what you think ? sharon but now he probably hate I . I ... elanora what happen ? sharon I take he to the cemetery , and ... elanora the cemetery ! elanora 's look darken and she begin to shake she head in worry . sharon I think it might help he ... come back , you know ? but he would not even go in . he scream at I . elanora ( upset ) what make you take he there ? sharon for the truth ... elanora he know the truth . sharon but he will not even say it , or ... ( continued ) 111 . continued : elanora that 's he way . that 's he way through all this . he make a wall -- around that whole day , that night -- other thing , too . he keep they behind the wall -- he little boy , my daughter . he can not help it . the cemetery ?! do you know how hard it be for I to go to the cemetery ? can you imagine ? Sharon be shake by this , realize , crumble a bit as Mrs. Chu go on . elanora that 's where it stare you in the face -- the loss . and it 's too much sometimes . elanora take a breath , acknowledge how upset she be . elanora see ? I be still find my way through it . and catch -- it almost kill he to think about it or say it or drive a car or see the place where it happen or ... go by the cemetery . sharon I be try to help he ... come back to some kind of life . I ... elanora but he be come back . do you realize how much he change in the past week ? his apartment , he life , he music be come back . he fall in love ! he even get a job , Sharon -- for you . for the two of you . be not that come back ? why do you have to rush ? everybody have to rush this day . Sharon , batter by the truth of this , be totally expose now , realize , admit . sharon I be scared . I push so hard ... when I be scared . elanora scare of what ? ( continued ) 112 . continued : sharon lose he . so I do . I lose he . he will not talk to I . I ... I do not know what I be do . elanora sigh , look at she , and she anger drain away , study Sharon 's misery . elanora you be find you way . what else can we do ? you think I be always sure what to say to he , what not to say ? I do what I think be right and hope he see the love in it . she shake she head at Sharon 's tear , she warmth show now , like this girl . elanora look at you -- so worried now , so miserable . that 's the love in it . sharon do I ... make it worse for he ? elanora I do not know . I really do not . but I think he will see the love in what you do . Sharon stare , without much hope . she put out she hand to touch elanora 's , to say goodbye . elanora take she hand and hold on a moment , stare into the girl , with strength . Sharon nod and walk off , dark and sad . elanora watch she go . int . sharon' apartment - day it 's the next day , and Sharon be prepare to go to she parent ' renewal of vow . she be at the bottom -- with catch go from she life -- but she be do she best to go through with this . we start on a table , look at the invitation and next to that be a wrap gift . we hear Sharon move about , see she nervous , half - dress , speak to herself . in the b.g. we hear we trumpet - base music . very soulful . sharon I just come by to ... wish you well . to ... congratulate you and wish you well . shit . ( continued ) 113. continued : she check the mirror again , do not like the look , start undress , come back to the table with the gift on it , wonder if she should add more decoration to the box . she do , and as the trumpet play on we -- CUT to : sharon dress differently , re-wrapping the gift and then -- CUT to : sharon dress differently , rewrapping it again and then -- CUT to : sharon sit still in a chair , hold the gift on she lap , look at the clock , nervous , scared , sad . ext . STREET - day ( same day ) catch be walk down a commercial street -- no bob- the - dog , no strolling gait . he be focus , deep - eye , on a mission of some kind . we music continue over this and on into ... ext . STREET - day the music continue over Sharon drive to the church , parking , take a deep breath , exite the car . there be no one else outside the church . the ceremony have already begin . she 's plan it that way . she enter the church as the music fade out . int . church - day as Sharon come in quietly . the church be not full , but perhaps 50 people sit in the front pews , watch the ceremony at the altar : the priest , Mr. and Mrs. pogue , altar boy . Sharon move forward and slip into a pew a few back from the altar . the slight disturbance of people slide over to let she in cause a few people to glance over . ( continued ) 114 . continued : one of they be Kathy . they trade a brief , nervous nod . then Kathy whisper to she husband ... kathy she come . we see Larry grow tense and angry . kathy do not say anything . think of you parent . Larry do not look at Sharon . the little boy , look fine in a tiny suit and tie , and be bored , lean to look at he aunt . Sharon and Larry , Jr. trade a look . she wink , then settles back in she pew , watch . on altar we get we first look at Sharon 's father , Carl pogue , 62 . stand beside he wife , a rather big , stolid guy , take with the moment , both he and he wife emotional over this . he wear a hearing aid . the priest be speak . on sharon watch with a mix of feeling as the mass continue and the vow be renew , the priest recite the ritual . ext . STREET - day the priest voice from the church play over this scene , invoke the blessing , say the prayer of the mass as we watch catch continue he mission , slow he step now and pause at the entrance to the welston Memorial Chapel . he hesitates . we see the price he 's pay and the determination . he walk through the gate . ext . chapel ground - day he walk into a courtyard of several small building in a garden set -- all red brick and ivy , fountain and flower . he be fight he way through this , move closer to one of the building . he be nearly alone on the chapel grounds , and , as he reach the shelter wall of this building , he be alone . ( continued ) 115 . continued : this be a wall of bronze vault within the brick , and on each vault be a plaque -- a name . his breath shiver in he body as he struggle to lift he eye . slowly , he gaze come to rest on a name : " lambert . " as he stare , the priest voice from Sharon 's church fade out , and we be leave with silence . catch be shaky , . he take a step closer to the wall , to the name , to they -- and he try to speak , but can not . he try again -- he voice intimate , just above a whisper at first . catch Annie . chet. I do not ... want you to think I forget about you . it 's just that I ... I could not find you . ( pause ) I wake up , and you be go . everything be go . it all just ... disappear . in one minute . I could not remember that minute . I lose it . it take I so long to find it . I think I find it all now . I use a calculator . I do . I figure it out . you know ... we get about 1400 minute a day and so I figure it out . I be 33 year old and three month and eight day , so it be ... I have get it here ... he fish a piece of paper out of he pocket . his hand be shaking as he read a number off the paper . catch it be minute number 17 million eight hundred ten thousand , two hundred ... or so . he put the paper away . catch that 's the one I lose . and ... when I lose that minute , I guess I try to lose it all , all the memory -- because they hurt . I try , but ... I could not do it . we -- 116 . flashback - int . van to that minute and , for once , we go in order and play out each piece of it . we see catch drive the van , he wife annie beside he . his son Chet be in back with he grandparent , elanora and she husband . the boy be a bit whiny , pouty . we intercut the flashback with -- catch at the grave , struggle through this . catch Chet ... you be not feel so good , remember ? it be you birthday , and you eat too much . we see Annie and catch both glance back toward Chet , and we get present sound in this flashback scene as catch and Annie both say , " what 's the matter ? hm ? aww . " and then Annie look out the window and turn to catch and -- we CUT to catch at the grave , he eye fill . catch and , Annie , you say ... you say ... in the flashback we see Annie turn to he again , and this time we hear she say , softly ... annie slow down in the rain , all right ? we go to catch at the grave , fight tear . catch and I do not know if I slowed down . I do not know . I hope I do , but ... I do not always listen . I be sorry . I be really sorry . back in the flashback , we see Annie reach around as elanora hand Chet to she . then we be back at the grave and intercutting so that we see catch speak through he tear and we also see this tender moment play out in the van . catch ... you put he on you lap , and he look at I , and I make a face . remember ? I make you smile , chet. ( more ) ( continued ) 117 . continued : catch ( cont 'd ) and then we all smile , and it be a great minute . it be . I be really glad ... I find that minute . no matter what . catch stare at the grave , in tear , as the rest of that minute now play out , punish he . it last only about three second : a bus out of control , headlight suddenly glaring through the windshield , catch turn the wheel , brake scream , people scream -- and then it 's over . and catch have be batter by the memory , and be weep , but have not look away . he be still stare at the name of he family , and he be able to say , in a break voice ... catch I will not forget ... anymore . I love you . he step forward and put he hand on the plaque , rest it there . we stay on this , then in a moment , we ... dissolve to : int . church - day the renewal of vow be over , and Sharon be stand in the aisle , nervous and not sure what to do . guest be up and milling about , many leave the church . " see you at the house . " " see you at the party . " etc. a photographer be set a group shot at the front of the church . Mr. and Mrs. pogue , Larry and Kathy and the little boy ... photographer all right . the whole family in this one . just ... out of the milling crowd come Sharon , take a breath and brave it , walk up there , speak quietly . sharon where do you want I ? the photographer turn to she , wonder . sharon I be the daughter . photographer oh ! oh , well , how about ... ( continued ) 118. continued : we see the family shift so that Larry and he family be on one side of the parent . Sharon follow the photographer 's gesture to stand at the other side , beside she mother . her Father have not look at she . the photo be take . Sharon now turn to she mom and dad . this be difficult , the strain be thick in the air . sharon you both look so great . mother ( nervous ) you , too . sharon I just want to ... the Father speak to she , he voice not hard , but flat , not warm either . no smile . father you come to the party ? sharon sure . he nod , then turn to greet well - wisher . Sharon be leave alone by the drift away of the family , but one old couple greet she , the older woman ( Mrs. vander ) wear she new blue dress , she husband beam beside she . mrs . vander sherry ! look how nice you look . husband Big police officer now . sharon not so big . ( to Mrs. vander ) Nice dress . Sharon move off toward a side exit , try to catch up with Larry and he family . ext . side of church - day as Larry and he family exit -- and Sharon come out of the church , call ahead . sharon Larry ... ( continued ) 119 . continued : he start to just walk on , ignore she , but Kathy take the little boy and walk ahead , with a look at Larry , at Sharon . on sharon and larry they nod to a few pass guest . then they be alone . his nose be still bandage , but less so , anger and betrayal in he eye . larry how do you have the gut to walk into a church after break you word ? sharon I have to be here . it 's a chance to make thing right , and I be take it . larry why even talk go I ? you get what you want . you laugh about it ? you tell you cop friend how you ... sharon you think I talk about it ?! you think ... she stop herself , catch she rush toward the old anger . she go calmer , deeper , even sad . sharon here , lar . she hand he something . it be the Polaroid photo . he look at it , surprised . they lock eye . she speak softly . sharon I be invite . I be here . I be go to the party . you do what you want . and she walk off toward the parking lot . int . pogue home - day we be in the midst of the party . we see Sharon drift a bit , a hello here and there . she feel out of place . ( continued ) 120 . continued : though the home and yard be thick with people , there be some tension , especially in the core group -- all who know about the estrangement of Sharon . now and then a nervous glance from she mother be direct at Sharon , or a hostile glance from Larry . Sharon pass the videographer , who be point light , camera and microphone at the vander -- have they put they good wish on tape . she smile , then look over and see she Father across the room . he be alone . she steel herself and head he way . he make eye contact , then avert he look . she be approach he , about to speak , when he walk up to some friend and start joke with they , leave Sharon hurt , humiliate . her mother have see this and come to she , speak quietly , nervously . mother do not make he talk about ... anything today . sharon Mom , I be go to fix he tie . his tie be crooked . she sigh , push through she hurt to say ... sharon it be a nice ceremony . mother ( worried ) yes . we be run out of chicken , though . nobody 's eat the ham . sharon it 's a great party , Mom . you look happy . some joy be allow to surface in she mother 's face . sharon thirty - five year and still in love , huh ? her mother 's look cloud a little , nervous again . mother you think that 's wrong , do not you ? sharon of course not ... ( continued ) 121. continued : mother I always ... I feel like apologize to you . but I love he . sharon I know . mother and then I feel like apologize to he for loving you . I be the one in the middle . I be the only one in this family who know how to forgive anybody . and she walk away . Sharon 's eye follow she , surprised and thoughtful . she watch she mother approach she Father and straighten he crooked tie . then Kathy be move toward Sharon . Sharon turn to she and they both speak quietly -- at the same time . both you look great . then they smile sad smile . Kathy gesture to she face , the fade bruise . kathy ton of makeup . on Larry , too . they smile wryly again . sharon sorry about that , but ... I could not stand he do that to you . I take it on ... kathy do not worry . I be not you mother . if he try it again , I be go . I be out of there , I and Larry junior . he know that . they stare , and Sharon give she a hug , Kathy return it . on larry we see Larry , across the room , notice this hug . he keep he expression intact for the group he 's in , but we see a flare of anger in he eye . 122. on sharon move across the live room . she see Larry Jr. sit alone and go to he , sit beside the child -- who look sad . sharon what 's up with you ? larry JR . they will not let I watch t.v. sharon oh. well ... let 's pretend this be t.v . it 's a show about a party . they look about the room . sharon ( as if it 's a secret ) that man ... be really a super hero . larry JR . be not . sharon be too . and so be she . look. see ? Red tight under she dress ... oh -oh , that man give she a drink with something in it . larry JR . with what ? sharon with stuff to make she sleep . he 's a bad guy . the woman sip she drink , and the boy smile , get into it . larry she drank it . sharon watch . she will fall down any minute . the boy be suddenly swoop up , lift away by he father . Larry put the boy down near the door . larry hey , sport , you should go play outside . ( continued ) 123. continued : he turn to Sharon . larry stay away from my family . then he turn to the crowd , smile a smile without humor , speak loudly . larry hey , everybody , keep it down . somebody might call the police . there be some nervous laughter , people watch they now . Sharon be angry and embarrassed , keep she voice low . sharon what be you do ? larry ( to crowd ) once the cop leave , we can really party . the crowd around they be all stare now -- as he turn back to Sharon . larry why do not you give everybody a break -- and go home ? in the hushed tension that follow , a glass fall and shatter , and more people quiet down and stare . Sharon look at she glaring brother , look at she mother nervously pick up the break glass -- no support there . angry and shake , she turn to the door . she walk to the door , open it , start to leave , start to close the door behind she , and she stop , take take a breath , battle hard against the old pattern of hurt and anger . she look at that nearly - close door . she push it open and walk back in . we see a surprised and angry look from Larry , a worried look from she mother -- but Sharon be move through the crowd , search until she see she Father . she head toward he . he see she and walk into the kitchen , avoid she . she follow he . we see Larry and he mother exchange a anxious look -- and then move toward the kitchen . int . kitchen - day Sharon enter , wait , other be leave the kitchen , leave she alone with she dad , but he start to follow they . ( continued ) 124 . continued : sharon do not walk away . okay ? he act as if he just notice she . father what ? she gesture toward he hearing aid . sharon be it work ? do you need to check it ? he absently touch the device . father it 's fine . sharon dad ... but the kitchen door open . we hear the party go on out there . Larry and Sharon 's mother enter , she mother look at she husband and back to she daughter , very frighten . Larry be raging in a near whisper . larry what the hell be you do ?! mother Sharon , please . sharon please ? please what ?! will you stop protect he ? you be always protect he ! do not talk to you father . do not bother you father ! she turn to she dad . sharon I be go to bother you for one minute , dad . okay ? can you handle that ? Larry advance on she . larry just get the hell out ... and she turn on he in a fury that halt he . ( continued ) 125 . continued : sharon this be not about you , Larry -- or you , either , Mom . this be between I and my father , so leave we alone for one goddam minute ! she turn back to she father . sharon how about you , dad . do you want I to leave ? father up to you . sharon dad ... I be ask . be I welcome here ? father Jesus -- you be here , be not you ? what d' you want ? sharon I want to know ! ( then , quieting ) do you want I here ? do you love I , dad ? I want to know . the question 's out , and she 's totally expose now -- and the silence that follow break she heart . she nod toward he hearing aid . her voice be close to a whisper , thick with tear . sharon do you ... need to ... check that again ? father I feel like ... he can not finish it . sharon what , dad ? you feel like what ? father I feel like I do not have a daughter anymore . she take the blow and do not crumble , only she eye show the depth of the pain . she speak quietly , softly . ( continued ) 126 . continued : sharon well ... you do . it 's a shame you be go to miss know she . you be go to miss all that . and she leave , brush past Larry and she mother . int . live room - day Sharon come out of the kitchen , blink back tear . the party go on around she , oblivious . she stop on she way to the door because she see the video crew move , hunt the next guest -- and she make a decision and walk toward they , stop in the light , face the camera . sharon I be next . as they roll tape , people turn , gather , watch . Sharon speak over a torrent of emotion . sharon ( to camera ) hi , Mom and dad. congratulation . we see she family come out of the kitchen and walk into this , surprised , stop still . sharon y'know ... be in this house remind I of something . I be about ten , I guess , and Larry and I be play alien -- remember , lar ? we be make a lot of noise , and dad come home from work tired and piss off ... CUT to : her father watch this . her mother be near panic , Larry stare hard , Kathy wonder . intercut they reaction during ... sharon sharon we be yell like mad , and dad burst into the room and say , what the hell be you do ? and I be scared . I be really scared . ( more ) ( continued ) 127 . continued : sharon ( cont 'd ) and I say , we be play alien invasion , dad , and he say , oh , yeah , I will show you a damn invasion , and he pick I up , pick I up off the floor and throw I on the couch . I hit that couch and bounce off , and he grab Larry and throw he on the couch , and then ... then he start make this monster sound , and he say , we come to earth to kick ass , and I run at he and jump on he and he toss I on the couch and then Larry , and we be laugh so hard I almost wet myself , and he keep toss we and growl and beep , and it be ... it be great . it be great , and I be never go to forget that . never . and I miss that . I miss it . so I just ... I want to tell you tank for that , dad . thanks . that 's all . ( pause ) bye . she hand the microphone back and walk away as the surprised look , the deep look of she Father , mother , Larry and Kathy follow she . she walk to the front door and leave . ext . pogue house - day Sharon exit and start to walk away . she see Larry Jr. look up from he play . he smile at she . she return the smile -- it mean a lot to she , and she walk on . as she reach the gate , she notice something across the street that halt she . she stop still , surprised and so pleased . her Pov catch be there , wait near she car , watch she now . back to scene - full shot as Sharon walk to he , so glad he 's there , need he -- but still not sure of what he 's feel about she , until she get close and see he eye and the way he open he arm -- and they embrace , and she hold on tight , eye close . ( continued ) 128. continued : they break the embrace , still hold on , search each other 's eye . catch sorry , shar . for what I say . sharon I , too . in a moment , he gesture toward the pogue house . catch be it bad ? sharon they do not like I in there . catch then they do not deserve you in there . she stare a moment more , still together . sharon that 's a nice thing to say . catch it 's not a thing to say . it 's the truth . she can only look away , not want to cry . catch why do you try so hard not to cry ? she stare at he again . her throat fill with tear , mouth be tremble a bit . she start quietly , finally , with nothing hold back -- but this be not anger as much as mourn . sharon it 's not fair . the tear come , and she do not fight they , empty the old , old wound , speak through she weep now . the first time we have see she cry . sharon it 's not fair . thing get better for they because of what I do . thing get better , and I would still do it . I would do it all over again . and it 's not fair they shut I out . it 's not . ( continued ) 129 . continued : catch no. sharon it 's not fair . I be 19 , and I do not know what else to do . I do not know how else to stop it . it 's not fair I do not have a family anymore . catch no . it 's not , shar . it 's not . he raise he hand to she face , place a palm gently on each cheek , and she cover he hand with she own and close she eye . they remain that way awhile . in a moment he lightly kiss she forehead . there be a depth to he word ... catch we be the family , pogo . she open she eye , stare deep into he . he have say it all -- as it be and as it will be . she smile a bit through she tear and nod . he put a arm around she shoulder and hold she tight against he as they walk to she car . she put a arm around he waist . they reach the car , and she unlock it , get in behind the wheel as catch get into the passenger seat . int . car - day Sharon just sit behind the wheel , still shaky from cry . she put the key in the ignition , but do not move -- no longer sad , but drain now . he watch she . in a moment , he get out of the car . ext . car - full shot catch come around to Sharon 's window . she roll the window down , concerned , wonder what he 's do . be he leave ? but he reach for she door and open it and say without a fuss ... catch I will drive . she stare a long moment , realize , but also make no fuss about it as she get out of the car , walk around and enter the passenger side . they close the car door . catch start the car and drive they away . drive they home . fade out . the end