written by Jonathan Murphy shoot draft ( 6-1-2015 ) property of Animal among we LLC this be a story about a monster . ii . ext . forest - day 1 flashes , in blur , of evergreen tree whipping by -- intercut with : the open credit ; and old crime scene photo : ri two pale , teenage dead body , maim , iay face down at the sake 's edge . they wound savage ; animal - like tear in caution tape on stick cordon off the area . a camcorder be plant in the mud not five foot from the bloody scene . to : ext . forest - day - continuous sprint footstep crack dead limb -- heavy , feminine grunt , as she slice through heavy brush , she cry , she face cut , bleed -- to : ext . forest - day - continuous track she from above , a mere blip in the blur , a brown Mass , give chase at a inhuman speed -- just ahead , he prey trip , fall to she knee ... to : ext . forest - day - continuous lupita do rosa ( 26 ) a fiery latina , dirty , sweat -- with amigo Del squatche stencile across she tee , rise to she foot . the trip culprit , a tent rip apart ; food bag scattere 's she 's discover she ravage camp site . she clutches a small camera . lupita ninaaaa ! 2 ? she rise , notice the large footprint and drag mark in the area , lead to a tree . she inch closer , fly buzz in the surround bushes . fumble to operate she camera , it blink on -- low battery ... push the camera between branch , eyeing she view finder -- she stumble back , keel over to retch ry heaving . only to notice the pile of clothes she 's land in , they be hers -- and Nina 's amigos del squatche shirt , all cover in blood ... she break down , mutter : lupita ( cont 'd ) padre nuestro , que esta en los cielo -- please , get I out of here . ...- from behind , a loud thud plunk in a BUSH next to she . she stumble back , try to stop she cry , when ... plop ... a red drip land on she leg . then another . another . she 160k up to -- pos human intestine . as it give way to gravity , the body free fall -- lupita scream and the beast howl wild , a victory cry ... ext . campground - MAIN gate - day 2 removing the camp close sign hang on the OPEN gate , the big , plotting eye of Park Ranger anita bishop ( 37 ) perk at the scream . her dark hair in a tight bun , no makeup -- she 's tan and tone , the result of fife in she surroundings . her eye lift above , into the treeline , as she load she tool belt into she truck , '' ... do I hear something ? '' remington rifle strapped on she back , she hand move to the 9 mm on she hip -- she turn down the classical music play from the dash ... and listen -- nothing but nature . she load up to go , with a smile , she stare up to the newly restore sign : anita ... much better than mother 's old one . crook branch make up its jag letter -- welcome to merrymaker campground to : from it 's vantage point , high in the tree , the beast watch anita pull through the gate , jump out to lock up ... it shift limb , to follow she , as she drive on -- pass the quaint cabin and a MAIN hall give way to a large field , a lake in the distance . her truck disappear under the foliage , into the spider web of path cut out of the wild to make up the merrymaker campground . as the sun fade , a claw grip a branch , bit of flesh and blood cover it -- the monster growl we to ... title card : animal among US int . roland 's house - office - dusk 3 the SMALL space be seclusive , cozy -- a ping b hang above the anonymous man seat at he desk , g py the window -- the merrymaker murderer book cover ! a or nod ' abin 13 in thick wood , blood spray all over the outside -- across its bottom : base on true event , # 1 best seller by roland baumgarner . and a huge red banner to crown it all -- 10 million copy sold . Big , blue eye stare at a computer screen , move along as finger type , he wedding ring clack against ey . his lip mutter the word as they be write : roland ( 0.s. ) .-+.- she have catch he in she trap , the smug bastard . all the son of a bitch could muster in he defense be a lyric from better day past . as she gun muzzle nestle between he lip , he quiver , say -- on the computer screen , the last line -- '' no one know what it 's like to feel this feeling , like I do . and I blame / he lean back -- he eye , on the verge of tear . match to : int . roland house - bathroom - day 4 a shower head gush ; the water run down he face , he blue eye stare into nothing , he skin with goosebump . to : int . roland house - bedroom - day dryin off , step in front of he reflection be roland aumg . ner 's ( 38 ) . he comb he hair back , lean in to loathe the gray in he beard . he eye cologne , next to he remove wedding ring . he pull a shirt from a hanger , buttone up ... he spritzes , put on the ring , then size he option , on the bed : new jeans with tag , but he choose the second option , the slack sit beside they . he reach for he shirt , just as he daughter isabella ( 4 ) burst in -- she 's wear a cheap werewolf mask : roland aaaaah , a isabellawolf ! quick , mommy , grab you silver ! he grab she , pretend she 's eat he -- she giggle : christine ( 0.s. ) only silver thing I own be that tongue of yours . roland poke he tongue out at christine baumgarner ( 42 ) step in . her dark hair plain , same as she clothes and makeup , a sacrifice make by a stay at home mom . water bottle and snack in one hand , keys , purse , mail in the other ... all atop she six month pregnant belly . he pop up , pull the mask off izzy , and wrapping christine in a hug and a kiss : roland you be the most amazing woman I know . christine I think you be right . roland I can not believe you find a Halloween mask in May . honey , it 's perfect . christine yeah , I find that at a cute little shop I would never hear of downtown , azazel 's attic of death . I order they killer Kitchen knife set for we ! ro grab izzy , eat she tummy : roland aaagggh -- I think mommy 's earn some extra credit for she hard work today ! as isabella giggle like crazy , christine step in : christine oray 4 okay --_ daddy 's gotta go -- ( take she from he ) -- go wash for dinner , please , iz ? two squirt of soap only . isabella but I like the bubbles -- roland --hey , we do what mommy ask , please . ( creep toward tzzy ) ++-0r ... daddy will sneak in you room . .-. while you be sleep ... and -- ro tickle she tummy again -- set off a squealing fit . he stop , kiss she , send she on she way : roland ( cont 'd ) I love you . see you in the morning , bumble butt . after she 's go : roland ( cont ’d ) you know what I think be sexy ? you brave the attic of death for -- christine -- what 's not sexy be my butt hurt from drive around all day , look for that stupid thing . I be tired , I be behind on my deadline now -- roland -- and it 's important for the student to see I support they idea 100 % , so , you have save my ass . I be sure it will not be the last time . christine ( notice ) be that new jeans ? roland what , no , I have have this a while -- christine -- I do not buy they for you . roland I be still capable of do a few thing myself . christine you be all grow up ! she squeeze he cheek in she hand , hard , then : christine ( cont 'd ) get all you write do ? roland yeah , I be almost there -- I have a breakthrough , but I do not think I like the end . christine do not every horror story end the same ? kill the monster or the monster kill you ? roland yeah ... but what if the monster have to live , with you ? ah well , I x11 figure it out ... see you tonight . a kiss on she cheek as he go . int . lecture hall - day 5 a dim college lecture hall . kara ( 25 ) a_cute blonde , finish give she report in front of the CLASS . she wear a phantom of the opera sk , makeup do up on it . blown up behind she , a photo of kara and she test subject , a more hideous version , she makeup joker - like : kara ..- my test patient 's charade of misconstrue feeling , will lead to misguide intention . therefore , no matter how she choose to doll wu now , this will manifest one day in she action . the makeup be merely she mask cover the scar none of we can gee : ) ipping a page .-- but my issue pont with she feeling , or even she way of think . what choice do she have ? she 's label a '' freak '' , trigger ear of oppress she true eeling -- loneliness , inadequacy -- the inability to live '' up to the standard '' . a standard set by whom ? daddy do not give affection . mommy do not care . so who 's leave ? the rest of the class -- 15 student , all wear mask -- alien , funny , scary , a catcher 's mask , homemade , all kind : kara ( cont 'd ) each and everyone of we here . ( then ) if we do not begin to recognize and help this type of people , before it reach a point where maniacal thought become action , you might never know when you worst nightmare could be sit right next to you . ( then ) thank you . the light come up e the class clap . roland sit anonymous amongst they , in he wolf mask . as the kid remove mask : roland kinda exhilate , be not it ? that feel you get behind the mask ... a strange freedom , right ? a anonymity -- with the power to do almost anything you want . ( he_ stand ) powerful imagery , kara . very creative . ( she smile ) ( more ) roland ( cont 'd ) my one criticism , if you can even call it that -- what to do about the people who love they mask ? that who refuse to take it off , ever ? be they worth the time , money and resource ? as he make he way through the row , mask still on : kara the problem be we foundation , build on ' we the people’ , be trample over by the '' dime , money and resource people '' , who gonveniently be never available when -- roland -- wa- wah - wa-wah -- liberal alert . kara be it democratic or republican to let we society devolve into a self - center existence ? roland can we get some poll number on that ? kara -- or hell , who know , maybe my test patient is a evil genius , plotting to murder I during we follow up session and Chaos Theory win again ! the class burst laughter -- roland too -- kara 's eye linger on roland , as he approach the podium . he pull off he mask , whisper something to she , it make she smile . he move she aside , reach down , to a small cauldron below . holding it up : roland provocative ? inspiring ? but be it a plus material ? he hold up a neutral thumb , the class waver , then all raise thumb up : roland ( cont ’d the tribe have spoken ! choose you treat , salty or sweet ? she reach up , she eye on he , as she pull a red lollipop : kara -- my favorite color . roland {to the class ) due for Tuesday Lab -- minimum 1000 word on you most_vivid memory of when you '' maniacal thought do not become conscious action '' and what positive effect you believe it 's ad in you young life . ( wave ) make good choice this weekend , my pet brain . the class murmur , shuffle out -- roland begin to gather he thing -- after a moment : kara ( 0.s. ) you really think I be inspiring ? stepping up close , behind he : roland my neuron be still buzzing . kara I be think of base a book on my test patient from my thesis . a story base on she fuck up story ..? she pop she sucker out , bite she lip -- kara ( cont 'd ) .+- would that be something that you could help I with ? roland I have be more than happy to offer my -- kara -- perfect , when can we start ? roland um ... well , have you already clear thé idea with Dean winter ? kara ew , he 's such a creeper . every time I see he , he always try to touch I - — ( ro laugh , quickly ) -- but , yeah , I totally run it by he yes erday , and he say it be a great idea . he actually think you be the perfect person for I . roland ...uh huh . ( a charge beat , then ) okay look , I think there be some thing to consider before we jump into this . ( more ) roland ( cont 'd ) we all have voice in we head , but sometimes it get hard to hear which one be speak the loudest and if its message be most important , you understand ? ( she_ nod ) let 's talk more next week . kara you be gonna make I wait a whole week !? be you try to drive I crazy ! ( then ) be you have office hour this weekend ? roland +.- um , no . kara -- okay , never mind . it 's fine . as she start to go : roland christine tell I she explain we reason , with the whole nanny situation , right ? I hope she be not too -- kara -- firm but fair . tell she again for I , I be really , really sorry , I do not think , I be a idiot , I just -- roland --hey , it 's '' water under the bridge '' now . no skin off we back ... no harm , no foul . kara '' no harm , no foul '' , I like that . then ) that remind I -- check you e-mail before you get home . CUT to : ext . campground - watch tower - night 6 anita peer through binoculars , 60 feet up in the tree , atop the watch tower -- at she foot , a empty coil spring trap and a old , female blouse . perched undetected , 60 foot high in a tree behind she -- something big and hairy shift . into she radio : anita all 's clear from Tower 3 - - ' bout to set the last trap . rally at my cabin ? ( more ) 10 . anita ( cont 'd ) ( no response ) Earth to poppy ? hello , do you copy , poppy ? poppy §o3 ss. ) ( over the radio ) some of we be try to work , anita . to : ext . campground - MAIN gate - night 7 a multi - purpose cart sit -- _it headlight blare through the darkness , illuminate the lock front gate . atop the gate , a lanky man climb over it . penelope ' poppy 's bishop ( 27 ) , lean up onto the steering wheel . her hair cut short er lip cherry red , she shirt cut low , with a nostril pierce and red dice earring : anita ( 0.s. ) what be you do ? she pluck the sucker from she mouth : poppy ( into she radio ) I have stumble upon a surprise for you , Ms. Queen bee . seem a young man wander into the wood , be tryin' to sneak into camp , without prior authorization -- anita ( 0.s. ) -- just tell he to go away , we be close . poppy I offer that option -- then he say he have talk to burl . anita ( 0.s. ) what !? when ? the reporter wobble on top -- he yelp , to the sound of ripping pant , in the dark : poppy oh , shit ... okay there , buddy ? the reporter just rip the ass in half , I be fine . totally fine . the reporter hurry to the cart , hold he pants together , as he load in : 11 . the reporter ( cont ’d ) hey , how it 's goin 's -- poppy ( turn she radio down ) -- 15 minute then you be outta here , okay ? we be close . the reporter Fair enough , but you should know , I be not just wander in the wood . tonight be actually my first official blog assignment for ( re. he shirt ) bigfootsafoot.com . ( eject he recorder ) -- the guy you mention , burl - - be he here ? Cause he 's the one who confirm Sir squatch be sighted -- poppy -- he say who !? the reporter notorious b.i.g -- f.0.0.t. poppy ( laugh ) poner onto you nut , squirrely oy she hit the gas , spin around , spraying mud -- suddenly , she slam the brake -- the reporter scream like a little girl , as they narrowly miss : poppy ( cont 'd ) Jesus - — lupita -- thank you , jesus ! ( cry , in Spanish ) my friend -- she be -- something ! it eat her skin -- it eat her ! her skin ... lupita faint . they jump out : poppy what do she say -- the reporter -- do she shirt say squatche !? CUT to : 11 12 . ext . roland 's house - night 8 roland 's park in he car . his quaint , two - story house before he , the wolf mask disregarded in the car 's floorboard . ro stare down to he phone -- read the e-mail send b kara , it 's photo of kara in she kitty mask and not muc else . in the subject line , meow . his phone buzze again ... a text from christine : U close ? he delete the e-mail from kara , push open the door ... int . roland 's house - bedroom - night 11 roland push the door open to a dim room -- christine type on she laptop , in she red gown : roland you ... want to see I after class ? she stop she work , as he climb onto the bed , kissing she . she allow he ... he grab she breast , a little too eager : christine careful ! they be tender . roland it 's you fault . you be sexy . christine no , I be pregnant , which mean fat , bloat and achy , not sexy . roland glide he hand under she shirt , caress she gently , but she flinch : roland what , do I scare you now ? she peer into he eye -- something 's up : roland ( cont 'd ) Babe , you be not fat ! you be glow . _ christine no , I be just -- distract . roland by ? christine I have be debate whether or not to just throw it away . 13 . roland the baby ? she hit he arm , reach over to a envelope and letter on the night stand : christine this be in the mail today . address only to baumgarner . no return address . so , I be curious ... roland take it , read : roland dear Mr. baumgarner , I must start by state , I be you biggest fan ! ( he react my name be Marilyn M. Bishop , you would not recognize I , but more my family , owner of the merrymaker campground -- undoubtebly make famous by you book ... he trail off , christine watch he closely . when finally : roland ( cont 'd ) oh my God -- ( aloud ) .-. I believe whatever maim and kill that two girl will never return . I do not know this for certain , but I do not , nor do I raise my child to live in fear of the unknown . christine ro -- roland -- my two beautiful daughter in the picture -- the what ? what picture ? christine oh , yeah . they be hideous . christine pull a 4x6 up from the envelope : it 's anita and poppy , arm in arm by the lake , in lifeguard bikini top and short . roland ( he read ) ... they have endure so much over the past fifteen year , they simply deserve only the beauty that merrymaker hold . he look up , clearly blow away : roland ( cont 'd ) why would you ever think of throw this away ! 14. christine it 's a really sweet , kind of obsessive , fan letter in respect to a book you write 7 year ago . roland ( offended ) Calling a invitation _to a re- open of the place I make famous be not just a fan letter . it be she last die wish , for chrissake ! christine well , she last die wish be in two day from now . roland perfect . I can drive , take I 10 hour top , snip the ribbon , and I be be back before you miss I . christine roland -- roland -- come with I . this be a sign . it 's get my creative juice pump already . ( pull she closer ) ..- maybe this be just what we need . some time in the middle of nowhere togetper op up ) t’1l ( ped someone to watch izzy , a ton of student always offer -- christine -- so , be you student gonna clean and buy the grocery too ? you student go to put isabella to bed ? read she favorite stor she ? get she dress , make ey breakfast -- roland -- hon , we can -- christine -- we try that , remember ? if not for you '' student '' kara and she baby -sitting under the influence routine , maybe we would have someone reliablé around here . ( he react ) I would love to just run off from life , from my work , from everything when it be not perfect ... but one of we have to be the adult . we both know who draw that card . she start to practice she breathe , calming herself -- roland synchronize with she : 12 15 . roland just breathe . I be be ridiculous , you be absolutely right . it be stupid -- just breathe , babe ... as he move closer , put she laptop away , pull she into he as he pull off the light . CUT to : ext . campground - mess hall - night 12 poppy 's cart , equip with tranq gun , netting , rope and trap , pull up gangly reporter ( 39 ) , bound out of the passenger side -- recorder in hand , t-shirt boast he pride and joy , bigfootsafoot.com . lupita 's lean against poppy : anita Jesus H. , who be that !? the reporter I be from bigfootsa -- anita -- not you -- poppy -- just a lose camper . gonna take she to the infirmary , she seem a little delirious . poppy hold out lupita 's camera : poppy ( cont 'd ) her belonging . anita ( take the camera ) any sign of -- poppy -- nope . traps be all set though . anita okay , good job . rally when you be do with she . ore blow a kiss as she back into darkness , and they be i anita turn to the reporter , hold he recorder , all smile : the reporter fascinating place you have get here . be that the sassafras tree from the book ? which cabin ya will keep the baby - eatin ' 's inbreed shack up in ? 13 16 . anita ( unamuse ) right this way . above the mess hall , cover by the thick pine , the beast lurk , watch . saliva drip from its lip , 50 yard above they -- as the drool track , head straight down for the reporter 's head , he glance up , '' step to follow anita ... the spit blob splattering the dirt . int . campground - mess hall - night 13 a large white board ; note , blueprint all over it , a map of the grounds -- the reporter next to anita , hold he recorder , wear very small short , m.m.c.g. stencile on they : anita -- we repaint and remodel all thirteen cabin . all that 's leave now be to put the body in ‘em ! the reporter body ? you mean , like dead body . anita yes , dead body -- of bloggist first . the reporter ohh , touche mademoiselle . ( shifting ) okay , you fi in the blank -- first thing people think of when they hear merrymaker be ..? anita the book , I know . the perception create of we camp base on that book be completely moronic and ridiculous . entertainin but fictional . what happen 's to that two young girl be a tragedy , and should be view and treat as such , in my opinion . if you_believe that book , you must also believe animal be gonna rise outta the cemetery too ? the reporter do you have a cemetery locate here ? anita we have a a proud family history here ... I intend to get this grounds up and run , as my mother 's mother 's mother diay long before I ... ( more ) 14 17 . anita ( cont 'd ) ( notice he ) you seem -- disappointed . the reporter I be actually hope you would say the bigfoot sighting report on amigosdelsquatche.org ... anita the what ? the reporter it 'sa circulate monthly squatch report -- Sir squatch , reportedly surface .67 mile from this exact location . you have not see any trace ? anita unfortunately not . the reporter but burl -- anita -- I do not know what burl be think , but he way of think be the reason he 's no longer here . as she step past he : anita ( cont ’d ) -- so , how ' bout the quick tour on you way out ? ext . campground - road - night 14 anita and the reporter walk , the only light she flashlight : anita -..- this be off the record ? he pocket he recorder , then : anita ( cont ’d the truth be when the ound that two girl , only m mother , brother and step dad , burl , be here . the reporter can I talk to mom or brother ? anita my brother Wayne turn eighteen , check out that summer after it all happen -- I have not talk to he since . ( more ) 15 18 . anita ( cont 'd ) we real dad split , cause he could not deal with my crazy , over - bear mother , leave she here alone to run this place . she stumble upon the meat sack know as burl , and marry the oaf . but when she die last year , half cancer , half break heart -- burl be ask to leave , so ... I be sorry , I do not look like a buck - tooth , in - breed , who like to blend baby into smoothies , but -- the reporter -- no way , did he base the fran character on you !? the innocent daughter turned psychopathic scalping expert . she smile wick -- anita you 'il never know . the beast wait silently , hunch low , undetected in the brush -- its dark eye anonymously fix on the lanky trespasser . CUT to : int . campground - infirmary - night 15 a simple clinic - - a few table , some bed and cabinet full of the usual medical supplies . poppy pull lupita 's shirt off , some dried blood and cut . lupita shake , still in shock of what she 's see . poppy tenderly care for she wound -- lupita reflex : poppy you be safe . okay ? lupita not safe here . ( then ) ... safe in the desert , with no monster . poppy eye she , eyeing she shirt , amigo Del squatche across it , hold it up : poppy you have run a long way from home ... lupita I no want to go -- but I do , then on my camera , you see it , I see it ! on there , this be the monster , I record it ! it kill -- 16 19 . poppy --okay , I will get you you camera , but just relax for a minute , okay ? let I at least get you clean up . lupita shrink , as poppy bandage a cut , move to another : poppy ( cont 'd ) ... I believe you . lupita inside part -- gut -- they fall on my head -- lupita break down , poppy try to comfort she , reach up to wipe she tear . her touch be intimate : poppy hey , no one be gonna hurt you okay you have nothing to be afraid ( beat ) -- if you be not safe , I would drive you out to the desert myself . lupita you will drive I ..? esta noche ? poppy 's stare linger on she , then give she two white pill , and a cup of water . poppy let 's see how you feel after you take this ... like a frighten animal , lupita take they -- back to : ext . campground - wood - night 16 Hidden within the thick tree , the beast pace anita and the reporter , mixing in with he surroundings : the reporter ..- what about the camera , leave with the two teena ' e girl , maim at the lake ? no e be find with the body ? at east , that 's what the police report say . that what you say ? anita unfortunately we time be up . the reporter ok , but one last thing ! you look armed for World War Z - - net , trang gun , shotgun ... what 's out here get you so scared , Ranger rambo ? 17 20 . as the pair approach the main gate : anita my God , you be a perfect portrait of the world . obsess with death , till it knock on you front door : she pull she 9 mm from she hip -- anita ( cont ’d I nil make you famous , if you like ? the reporter no , no , I be -- anita -- I be sorry we camp have no man - eat inbreed , no bigfoot , no nogh but real folk get ready for it 's re-opening . she aim she gun at the no trespassing sign hang on the gate : anita ( cont ’d ) no mean no , even in the middle of nowhere . a low grumble as the beast move among the limb - - , she unlock it , ushere he out ... immediately lock up behind he . anita ( cont ’d ) well , godspeed . and with she light , she turn to go -- leave he in the pitch black , he only hope the moonlight ... as she retreat , e linger , then reluctantly start back to he car . he shuffles down the road , out of site -- then pop back out : reporter I would be do a great disservice to my audience if I do not try to get a interview with that mexican girl . ( then ) and he say , '' let there be liiiight " ! he pull he phone from he pocket , he flashlight app flood out in front of he ... ext . road - night 17 within the tree , the beast follow the small glow make by the reporter -- tracking in silence . 19 21 . ext . campground - MAIN gate - night 19 the reporter sneak up to the gate , grip the metal , when a rustle move inside the gate . he pause -- the reporter ... Ranger Bishop ? nothing ... he stand freeze , then scoff : the reporter ( cont ’d ) careful of you vagina on the way over , sir . he lift he body up , scale with no problem , pluck a foot in , push up -- then another rustle . SNAP ! crack ! he ause , suspend on the fence . he hold out he phone for light , it 's little use . he climb up , perching atop the fence , straddle it , scoping the area . he whip out he recorder : the reporter ( cont 's pp. bigfootsafoot investi ation , og log . the time be -- I do not know what o'clock . I be at merrymaker Camp Grounds . I be experience familiar , yet unidentifiable sound - --a primal howl start a chain of loon call : the reporter ( cont ’d ) this might be the very moment , tonight -- I make first , bonafide contact with the primordial . ~- Sir squatch . I will now attempt to climb down off of the fence for further investigation . log out . he swing a leg over , when heavy footstep approach -- cause he to pause -- it 's too dark to see anything . the reporter ( cont ’d ) ... other Ranger Bishop , be that you ? he try to climb quietly , when suddenly something dart out -- whipping past he : the reporter ( cont ’d ) Little mexican girl ? hola -- -- but before he foot can hit the ground , he legs be take out below he -- he flop , bang he head on the dirt , blood spurting from he mout . quickly , the reporter 's body be drag off the main road -- with grunt , rustling , then a piercing scream , the call of victory ... fade to : 20 21 22 23 22 . int . roland house - office - night 20 ro sit at he desk , he computer he only light . the letter to Marilyn laid in he lap . he stare up to the merrymaker murderer poster , lose in think . pull up on screen , the merrymaker campground web site ; focus on a picture of popry poppy hold a poster sign , appear to be naked behind it , '' come play where the wild thing be ! '' roland 's break from the moment , when the door pop open behind he -- it 's izzy , wander out of bed . she hold she black teddy bear in hand . flip the screen off , he pocket the letter , move to she : roland .-- what 's up , little girl ? you have another bad dream ? nodding , she raise she arm for he . he grab she and she teddy : roland ( cont 'd ) daddy 's get you now , you be safe . ( re. the bear ) do mommy get you a new teddy ? I like this one , he 's cute ... int . roland house - bedroom - night 21 roland stare down , chew the end of he pen . he stand look at christine , a red sleeping mask over she eye . finally , it hit he what to write , he begin to scribble ... fade out . int . roland 's house - bedroom - day 22 a kick from the baby wake christine . she roll over , pull she mask off ... roland 's side of the bed make , with a note fold on he pillow . she open it , read ... then toss it back onto the pillow , all it read be : I move some stuff around , everything be take care of for youl I love you , but I think I need this . it 's about survival . ext . highway - day 23 the flat horizon of open highway , city in the rearview ... top down , hair blow in the wind , ro cruise . he crank the radio , turn up the rock tune -- a cover version of pearl jam be '' Animal '' . 24 25 28 23 . int . campground - anita 's cabin - day 24 anita stare at the monitor , watch shaky playback on lupita 's camera ... footage : night vision -- a large cliff side erode out of the mountain -- mutter voice overlap , when suddenly , emerge from a crevasse -- a large , hairy figure . the voice gasp . then the screen cut to shaky running , from the open anita .«..ugh , enough of the shaky screen . poppy ( 0.s . ) ( through the radio ) hey , think I find somethin’ worth report , Annie . ext . forest - highway - day 25 roland roll he window down , hold the phone out , try for a signal . the radio hum on low static . into he headpiece : roland hey , hon -- I assume you be enjoy you facial about now ... I know -- I be a stubborn ass , but this will be good for we . you know how I feel about my fan . and I be outta you hair , now you can get some write -- beep , beep , beep -- the call drop . back to : ext . campground - MAIN gate - day 28 anita stand over the reporter 's shoe -- poppy behind she -- chew she nail : anita any other trace ? poppy hand anita the reporter 's keys and he break iphone : poppy that -- more big scat_next to big freakin’ footprint . it 's get closer -- more curious . anita follow the drag mark lead into the bush , she eye lift up into the tree : poppy ( cont 'd ) lupita tell I last night jut fall of a tree onto she hea 24 . anita -- what !? no , that 's delirium , hallucination , dehydration , malnutrition , sun exposure -- poppy this have get way out out of control since he leave ! anita -- we do not need burl ! do you understand I , penelope ! ? honk , honk ! a old ford camper - bed truck roll up to the gate with a squeal -- eyeing the driver : poppy well , I call he because we do need he ! I need he to eliminate a prenletg from my life . he might just e my ticket outta town . poppy stare dagger , jutting she hand out for anita 's keys : poppy ( cont 'd ) .-- I be let he in . anita we ’1ll discuss this later , Ms. Bishop . reluctantly , she hand the key off , and poppy head forward : idling with a smile , burl wolf ( 60 ) cigarette smoke billow out he nostril -- he salt / pepper hair be cropped tight . he look the kind with a sordid past , horror lock behind he recess eye . a p.o.w. flag hang in he back window , he 's already in he camo chef' apron . he roll down he window , pass poppy , he salutes -- he accent southern : burl well , well , miss tinker Belle . you look 's more like a fairy tale every time I see ya’ . how 's it , muffin ? poppy spin my wheel . can I pop one that square from you , daddio ? burl you should never smoke ... he eject a cigarette for she , she lip it , as he go to light it : burl ( cont 'd ) .-- alone. anita ( march over ) ey , future lung Cancer advocate -- she snap the cigarette from poppy 's mouth , crumpling it . he squeeze poppy 's arm with a win burl nose to the ground , soldier . anita look into the truck bed : two laundry sack , full : anita what do she tell you ? burl clean up , aisle one . I bring my whole bag of trick with I . Little sister have I pick this up for you on the way in -- do not worry , I do not peek . he hand she a photo envelope -- burl ( cont 'd ) you miss I ? anita like my period . ( quick ) a reporter . Said he talk specifically to you . how do that happen ? burl don 's the voice - mail code ’f you do not want I respond to guest inquiry . she throw the bloody shoe into he truck . burl scoops it up : burl ( cont 'd ) the poor sole .. burl cackle , blurt out smoke . poppy giggle . anita snap : anita --ey , any cockameme idea you brew up yh that burnt out brain , dispose ‘em immediately and I will consider allow you to stay here , you copy ? burl ooooh-rah , ae ? sizzle just like you mama do he exhales smoke out the side of he crooked grin : 29 26 . burl ( cont 'd ) any luck with the trap , popsicle ? poppy -.- it 's too smart for the trap . it do take the blouse -- but leave the trap untouched . burl sound like it 's playin’ with you . burl grin , as he suck down a drag : burl ( cont 'd ) sound like you two need the big , bad Wolf after all . anita and burl 's eye meet , a tense moment linger -- anita -- should be a pot of boil water wait for you in the mess hall . welcome to the House make of Brick . he salute --— burl lighten up , piggie - - or you will never make it out alive . with a_ toot of the horn , and go . on he bumper sticker : gone crazy -- wanna come along ? then , from behind : lupita dénde diablos esta mis cadmara !? anita whip , poppy too - - as lupita limp up : anita I think you take care of this ..? poppy this will not go without she belonging . anita ( low ) it 's in my cabin . take you 4 x to get the rest of she thing , I 'il go grab it and you can take my truck and get she out of here . to : int . trading post - day 29 the place be dense , cramped to every corner with old knick - knack and priced antique -- rusted animal trap hang behind roland as he plop he water and jerky onto the counter . 27 . the shop attendant be a odd look man . he wear bottle cap glass , a zombie shirt under flannel and a jacket / vest full of incense , crystal and other mystical object ... roland could you tell I if I be go in the right direction ? guess my gps must stand for generic pieca 's shit . he chuckle , the attendant look up . the attendant I be sorry , do you say something ? roland well , what be the chance ? roland point to the cardboard shelf behind he , '' bargain book '' -- a few copy of merrymaker murderer the only copy leave on the shelf , each $ 2.99 : roland ( cont 'd ) that 's actually where I be head -- merrymaker campground . do you know if it 's close to here ? the attendant it 's close . roland yes , I know . that 's actually the very reason I be head there -- the attendant -- why ? you one of that freak into have sex at murder site ? Cause that 's freaky . out of balance . you do not look like a freak , but that tend to be the freakiest freak . freak who do not look like freak , but really be ... freak . roland it 's on full display here though , huh ? ( look around ) deeply in touch with you freakiness here . my book be the reason I be - - nevermind . ( hand he card ) how much be it ? the attendant $ 4.72 , and we be cash only . roland credit card civilization not expand out among ye’ native ? pull a socket wrench from nelow the desk : 31 28 . the attendant anything else today -- maybe a tune up ..? pluck the cash : roland no. can I get a receipt , please ? the attendant hand over the change , ro grab he thing , the receipt , with a craze look : roland ( cont 'd ) if I keep go down this road , will it get I to the camp or not ? the attendant nod . the attendant either way ... I have watch my back . I read the book about merrymaker - - be not far from the truth ... roland turn , as he out the door : roland freak . int . campground - infirmary - dusk 31 lupita spy poppy and anita in a heat exchange , anita gominate the discussion . poppy 's not happy -- anita 's snap look catch lupita at the window . a moment , then poppy pop in : poppy we be leave ... lupita why do you sister fight ? she like to hide monster ? poppy no , she 's just a fighter . lupita she 's the monster . a beat . poppy no ... she 's just a product of she environment . lupita I do not know what you say . why you stay here ? why you not run away ? 32 29 . poppy smile , pull out anita 's truck keys , help lupita gather she thing , put on she clothes -- poppy Cause I make a promise I do not want to make a long time ago ... ext . campground - MAIN road - night 32 anita stand at she truck , lupita 's camera in hand . she remove the SIM card , toss it into the brush , just as poppy and lupita pull up . poppy point lupita to the truck , go to retrieve the camera , just as approach light wobble down the narrow road : poppy who be that ? anita I do not know , just get in the truck and get she out of here . poppy take the keys and camera , climb in the truck . int . car - night - continuous limb scrape and scratch the side , roland 's grimace grow bigger with each screech ... but as the merrymaker sign come into view -- light up be anita 's surprised face . she stand at_ the gate , a showdown with headlight -- popp and lupita idle in she truck behind she . in one motion , she grab and aim she rifle , step slowly toward the car -- ro quickly roll down he window : roland whoa , hey -- I be unarm , I surrender ! roland baumgarner ! I be on the good team ! anita turn to poppy , wave poppy back -- poppy flash she light , anita snap she radio from she belt : anita low ) reverse it , take she back to the mess hall , now please . poppy ( over the radio ) but you just say to get she -- anita -- back to the mess hall now ! wait for I there , copy ? 30 . walk to roland 's window , lowering she weapon , as poppy back the truck away : anita ( cont 'd ) Mr. baumgarner !? roland I be sorry I do not write or call to let you know I be on my way -- but I hear you all have a camp to be - open and could use a famous face !? anita ( shocked ) you be - - here !? you actually come !? roland well , I be in the neighborhood and think I would swing by ... if you get room for one more ? anita shake he hand , stare -- roland hold it tenderly : anita Mom 's letter work !? roland hey , I tell everyone , you be nothing without you fan . anita I mail it a few day ago , and post think , you know , '' no way e have ever , he have never " '' -- ( get emotional ) I just , I can not ... this be actually happen , it 's unbelievable ... roland park , climb out , hugging anita tightly : roland ( in the hug ) I be so sorry for you loss -- you mother seem like a wonderfu woman . ( pull back ) anything I can do for my fan , I be there . they be always numero uno . he take a deep breath in -- roland ( cont 'd ) this place be beautiful ! amazing ! ( he qurn ) .+. -- no axe-murders to report ? anita ( a smile ) not recently . 33 31 . roland sorry to hear that ! well , maybe some baby - stew later then ? she smirk ) I will follow you in ? to : ext . campground - mess hall - night 33 a zippo with a army insignia , flick on -- burl wipe he bloody hand on he rag , sit on the truck bed , gaze out over the darkness that go on forever . he suck a drag , hack a cough , as he light a cigarette for poppy ... burl see no evil , hear no evil -- poppy -- speak no evil . thanks . poppy sit on the truck bed , lupita in the cab . when finally , from around the bend , come roland with anita lead the way on poppy 's 4x . roland park next to poppy , who go to greet he -- poppy ( cont 'd ) must be somebody important -- , ( extend she hand ) hi , penelope Bishop . roland roland baumgarner . pleasure 's mine . she pull he in close , quick -- poppy -- roland baumgarner ? the famous writer ? roland ha . the one and only , I think . poppy here -- in the flesh . my dream man . roland ( take aback ) this really be quite the reception . I do not -- anita ( 0.s. ) -- what have I say about smoking ? she snap the cigarette away from poppy , stomping it out : burl ... only for meat ? 34 32 . burl chuckle , anita whip to he : anita you will respect we rule and not subject young and impressionable -- burl ( he notice lupita ) -- whoa-la , senorita ! ( move to she window ) which fence do she sneak over and muey importante , be there mucho more like eh-her comin’ for dinner ? anita ( to roland ) Excuse burl - - he 's leave he manners on the cut board . burl I do forget my manners sometimes . Old habit die hard -- he ditch he cig , and pull he large carving knife from behind he back : burl ( cont 'd ) hope you like you bambi dead . burl turn away with a limp , a hitch from a bum knee . burl ( cont 'd ) sloppy doe 's inside , camper . int . campground - mess hall - night 34 burl hold up a pitcher , roland take the last sip of he moonshine : burl brew she myself , call ‘er , bingo juice . best aperitif in 1,000 mile . ani not only iflegar , but know to numb the brain . roland then fill I up ! burl bingo . lupita sit in awe , at the end of the table , cast aside for the moment , till poppy return with water and some advil . as she hand it to lupita , urging she to take it : 33 . roland .-.. it 's not as creepy out here as I think it would be . Dark , quiet ... it 's kinda nice , but I do not think I could survive out here though , so expose like this . at home , I be oughin 's if I do not shower twice a ay burl kinda nice though , no shower , no food -- survive . .? roughin 's it -- roland -- I like a little roughin’ . burl bingo ! roland take another si he eye landing on lupita , silent and somber at the end of the table : roland and who 's Ms. keep to yourself and not say a Word , down here ? everyone turn to lupita , no one say anything , until : poppy she 's do not speak good English -- anita -- and unfortunately , lucinda 's not stay much longer . lupita I llamo be lupita , bitch . you lie . anita 's stung , glance to poppy , a look that say , '' do something . '' lupita ( cont 'd ) ... I want to leave now . away from the monster -- roland laugh , look around the table , no one else be : roland monster ? what monst -- whaaam -- slamm against the window , scream : the reporter ( 0.s. ) heeeeeelllllp ! the whole table jump -- he bang wildly : the reporter ( cont ’d ) heeeeeeeeeeeeey ! 35 34 . everyone move out quickly , except for burl , who light up without regard . ext . campground - mess hall - night 35 the reporter — - in boxer and a muddy old sheet he 's find . his neck bruise , cut and bloody by claw mark , mark up and down he leg , bite mark on he arm -- anita try to grab he , but he 's hysterical : reporter what in the fucking fuck -- he voice crack ) -- you lying fuckface ! 7 anita okay now , calm down ! it be not okay to -- the reporter -- do I look okay !? call the police , call the wilderness patrol ! roland what happ -- the reporter --a very fucking large beast - like - thing dragge I through the GOD damn wood to it 's secret lair and take all my clothes ! anita wow -- the reporter -- now get you gun and nets ready , cause sir squatch be out there and he’s pissed off ! roland Sir squatch !? poppy come on , man -- ( to 's roland ) do not worry , we know this guy -- lupita -- I have proof on my camera ... of the squatche ! es true . { point at anita ) she 's take it . anita oh my goodness , this be like a episode of tale from the crypt ! ( to lupita ) I give you back you camera , lucreta . 35 . lupita -- with no recording ? where be the recording go ? _. roland okay , wait ! let 's everyone take a deep breathe . he look to the reporter : roland ( cont 'd ) well , you can not deny something get to this kid . ( to anita ) so , what be go on exactly ? anita we friend here be both fascinate with a suppose bigfoot -- reporter -- supposed my ass ! look at my ass ! the b.f. did this to I ! he turn , revealing bloody claw mark down he back , bite mark too : roland Jesus -- anita burl ! ? ( then ) we have a infirmary , I 'il get you all clean up -- roland -- have anyone think of call the police ? poppy closest_station be 85 mile . we have full legal jurisdiction here . anita ( call off ) burl , we need you , please !? roland this seem a little bit out of you jurisdiction , ranger . anita oh , please . burl will drive they both into town , a clinic and a bus stop be ' bout 25 mile from here . ( to the reporter ) you be hysterical ... you could have a close head wound , subarachnoid hemorrhage , concussion , maybe something worse -- 36 . the reporter --i'm hysterical cause a fu -- anita -- uhfufufufuh , we hear you ! it 's enough -- burl from behind ) -- kiddie , kiddie , simmer down , cool it off ... yer 's mind play trick on you way out here -- bear look like beast , wolf call sound like virgin sacrifice . Hell , I 'da swore I see fay wray and my tate lover Mary skinny dippin’ in the lake last sunset ... the reporter who the fuck be this guy !? anita he 's the reason you be here . burl ( step to he ) you look like you could use a smoke and a pancake , partner . where have you park ? anita pull the reporter 's keys from she pocket , hold they up for burl . he lead he away , lighting up a_cig for the reporter - - they disappear around the corner . anita pivot : anita my apology for that . he be a trespasser penelope find . just try to do we best among the freak , you know ? you can take it from someone who 's live here she whole life , there 's nothing out there -- lupita -- there be something in the wood ! ( to po you know this too ! roland look to anita : roland where be this infamous camera of hers ? anita in my truck . roland and she claim it hold possible proof of a merrymaker murderer !? 36 37 . anita no , no one have say that . she 's delusional . out of she element . roland now we have to watch it ! anita Mr. baumgarner , this be ridiculous . it 's over . done with . ( quickly ) penelope , inside with I . anita pull poppy inside . roland study lupita - - after a moment : roland I must admit , my curiosity , it 's beyond peak . lupita dart , move to knock on the door ... int . mess hall - night 36 knock , knock , knock --— anita a minute , please ! ( to poppy ) -- we 3 reed to this a long time ago , penelope . you promise I . poppy we do not agree to it with circumstance involve a maim reporter , a delirious mexican girl ... thing have change -- anita --stop . what 's change ? except that we be all system go . poppy something be kill people , anita ! , ( then ) again ! you can say you never -- anita -- so run away if you want , it will not change anything except everything . poppy just remember what happen at the end of you plan -- anita -- maybe someone or something will get I , hang I from a tree and ance on my bone . ( more ) 37 38 39 38 . anita ( cont 'd ) for you sake , I hope that make it easier for you to abandon you legacy . ext . mess hall - night 37 the beast 's p.o.v. fifty feet up in tree -- it watch roland , as poppy bound out of the door , anita behind she : poppy Mr. baumgarner , we have set you up in cabin six , just between mine and anita 's cabin . anita and lupita , if you can come with I , please -- roland -- wait , what about watch she -- anita -- see for yourself if you would like , but she tape be completely blank ... anita pull lupita with she quick , as pop grab onto roland . ext . campground - roland 's cabin - night 38 roland trail poppy , headlight illuminate she ass , as she drive she four wheeler stand . ro park he car , poppy hop off she cart : poppy door 's unlock , I ’1ll get you motor runnin’ . roland smile , watch she disappear around back . he take a deep breath , cough ... bruuuunngggggg , the generator les on , light in cabin six glow on , cabin five too , as well as two flickering lamp illuminate the shower station , 30 yard away . CUT to : int . poppy 's cabin - night 39 anita stand in she door -- leave lupita alone with camera in hand . the room be a bed and dresser , that 's it : anita you capture nothing , comprendo ? I look , okay ? nothing ... ( move to_ the door you stay put . poppy will be over to drive you out when she 's do . ( more ) 40 39 . anita ( cont 'd ) ( close the door ) Goodbye , snoopita ... lupita where be you go ? match to : roland ( 0.s. ) where be you go ? int . campground - roland cabin - night 40 roland rie ps he bag on the bed -- poppy in the doorway , light 1 by moon she lean she move poppy no hot water in the morning . so if you do not prefer ice - cold shower , I have wash off before bed . a tranq rifle next to the door : roland be that you offer protection ? poppy only for that who might wander out into the wood alone . roland .-- so , that 's what the woodsman and woman do for fun around here , Post meridiem ? poppy anita read . burl listen to the radio . I wait for the ante meridiem . ( he smile , impressed ) I do not sleep a lot . roland ironic , with a name like poppy - — I figure you fall right to sleep . toward the door : poppy not even opiate can help you here . ( she smile ) anita 's cabin be right next door , if you need anything else -- roland -- be they like , dorm shower , individually divide or community style -- 42 43 44 40 . poppy =-every ything | be community here . it 's kinda like a prison , but without bar . roland sound like you be pump to be openin’ back up ! poppy I just work here . roland I be sure you do more than that . her stare linger on roland , then : poppy enjoy the rest of you evening ... a beat . roland save I some hot water , will ya ? I can not sleep if I get into clean sheet with a dirty body . off pop 's crooked smile -- back to : ext . campground - MAIN road - gate - night 42 anita drive slow -- suddenly in she headlight , a large figure approach . she flash she brights , as it draw closer ... step up , wiping he hand , lighting he smoke , be burl . int . campground - shower station - night 43 the loud hum of the generator mix with the shower head gush on . poppy stand outside the open shower well -- six spigot , no door , hang she uniform as the area fill with steam . she bend , pull off she panty ... ext . campground - MAIN road - night 44 burl land at she window with a smile : burl evenin 's . anita uh , what happen to you co-pilot ? 45 46 47 41 . shoot he hand down the road -- burl damn shame . do not even get the chance to report anything -- take off faster than diarrhea out a baby 's butt -- do not think you 'il ever see he face around here again . anita I be not as confident as you -- burl ~ you should be . I make he a offer he could not refuse . she notice the tab of blood on he finger , smear on the cigarette filter as he light up : anita ... I have a proposal for you . int . campground - roland 's cabin - night 45 roland sit in silence , absentmindedly , he spin he ring . he check he cell , 10 % battery left and no service . he scroll through he recent call , find christine . he dial . it do not connect . he toss the phone atop he open toiletry bag ... int . poppy 's cabin - night 46 lupita stare out the window , scared but curious : lupita ( in 's anish ) that bitch be not come ... so go find she and tell she to get you hell outta here ! her eye tick to a shotgun propped by the door . back to : ext . campground - road - night 47 anita first , I wanna know something -- what draw it to the blouse ? the color , texture , the scent ? burl not so far along as you think , columbo . I be glad you call I . you need I . 49 50 51 42 . anita this thing be the only reason you be here right now . you remember that . burl impossible to forget with you around . but it be not a deal , till I hear you say it ... you. need . me. int . campground - shower station - night 49 steam , hot water rain onto the arch of poppy | 's back -- she 's work the shampoo into she hair . her head cock , a ° look to the or -- no one there ... ext . campground - road - night 50 anita that be my term . take it or leave it . burl pull out a cigar : burl with one addendum -- anita -- absolutely not . burl ( ignore . she ) .»- when I deliver a end , you grant I full pardon , for every past indiscretion in we past life , here or otherwise . ( smell the cigar ) we will burn they to ash and let the smoke carry they to heaven . anita ( steely ) if you deliver . he extend he hand , greasy , some blood maybe -- anita look repulse , she shake it quick . back to : ext . campground - roland 's cabin - night 51 roland stand in the middle of the road -- he look back to cabin six , its desolate ... then down the dark path in front of he -- as if pull by a force , he head down the path ... toward the shower station . back to : 52 53 43. ext . anita 's cabin - night 52 lupita cautiously walk in the dark , shotgun aim , camera hang around she shoulder . from the beast p.o.v . above the cabin , move on the intertwine tree limb , pace lupita , the beast track silently . ext . campground - shower station - night - continuous roland inch up to the door , listen for the sound of run water . he spy the path he 's just come -- no one around ... as he step inside ... int . campground - shower station - night 53 soap wash down she thigh , as poppy rack she face , she eye pry open , and she catch something move behind the wa . poppy I see that ! she wait , but there 's no response ... until step out , face away , be roland : roland I be sorry , I figure you have come and go by now . poppy well ... I have not do either yet ... she reach behind she , turn the water back on : roland look like there 's plenty of hot water leave , I 'il come back . poppy why can not you look I in the eye and say it ..? ro furrow : roland .«-- uh , it 's just , I be not use to such over -- you could be one of my student . poppy but I be not . roland no , of course not , I do not -- 54 55 44 , poppy you can teach I something , if you would like ? she step out of the steam -- just she thin arm cover she breast , as she reach out with the other , to he shoulder : poppy ( cont 'd ) no one can hear you . no one can see you -- but just in case ... she crank the hot water , and the steam begin to billow . back to : ext . campground - roland 's cabin - night 54 the beast p.o.v . -- lupita 's nearly at the shower , shotgun wobble -- as the beast descend from its perch , crack ! lupita freeze -- but all she see be black ... to : int . campground - shower station - night 55 poppy stand close to roland , peer down : poppy what be you hide down there ? he 's still in he boxer : roland I -- she kiss he hard -- then : poppy -- relax , it 's just like go swim if you have that on ... her hand slide down he chest , onto he boxer , push they own : roland -- wait ! oh God ... as poppy work she magic down below -- he close he eye -- a flash of christine , kara : roland ( cont 'd ) we hafta stop -- poppy stop , eye to eye , with a look -- '' you do not want I ? '' 56 57 58 59 60 61 45 . roland ( cont 'd ) -- I be ... marry . poppy not in this version . as she tighten she grip ... omitted 56 omitted 57 omitted 58 ext . campground —- shower station - night 59 whooooooommmaaaah -- the generator muffle , the lamp dim barely flicker at all -- lupita silently approach . she duck at the window ... one wham ! lupita be collapse onto . descending from the roof , she 's grab , the quick sound of struggle -- a gnarl , grapple , wildly arm flail , it muffle she scream , then she neck snap . roland climax in the background . the blaze moonlight reveal lupita 's limp body be drag away into the forest . the beast grunt -- a flash of it 's large , furry body disappear into the dark . a horrifying , anguished howl pierce the natural silence . ext . campground - mess hall - night 60 anita and burl freeze , hear the howl : burl Close -- anita -- you have you order , Wolf -man . she flick the nameplate on he fatigue shirt ; wolf . dissolve to : ext . roland be cabin - night 61 roland shuffles back to he cabin , he blue eye stunne , as if they might break ... 62 63 64 65 46 . poppy dash by on she four wheeler , squawk into she radio , quickly she 's out of site . inside roland close the door behind he , turn out the light , curling up in the fetal position on the floor ... flash to : int . roland 's house - bedroom - night 62 christine type in bed , pe rol to rub she eye . the clock read 11:38 , she glancé to roland 's empty place , the note leave untouched from the morning . she eye she phone , no miss call . she find she place and begin type again . chapter seven when the monster eat each other . her cursor move -- '' it be cold , cloudless sunrise ... '' fade to . int . roland 's cabin - day 63 roland sleep , still fetal position , silently , until -- bam -— bam - bam on he door . he startles , as burst in : poppy ( frazzle ) lupita in here with you !? she rip the cover off of he . ext . campground - lake - day 64 anita squat at the end of the dock , eye fix across the lake -- a predator stalking she pr ey : perched high on a limb , clear across from she , stare -- the beast watch . it climb higher , stretch out , revealing it 's tower , long frame . it hang from a 1imb ; bellow out a primal scream . anita jolt -- to : ext . roland 's cabin - day 65 anita ( over the radio ) poppy , get over to the dock now . 66 67 47 . roland pull on a shirt , emerge from he cabin : roland what 's go on -- before he can finish , poppy mount she four wheeler , revving , drown he out . poppy I be responsible for you , so come on . ext . campground - trail - day 66 as they bump and ride on the 4x , the pair sit back to back : roland ( over he shoulder ) um -- I be sorry if this sound stupid but ... I do not mean for what happen last night -- poppy ; -- I do not know what you talk about . a beat . roland I do not think -- she jerk the wheel , swerving , try to shut he up . poppy what happen here , stay here . roland right . exactly . okay ... they turn , pass a arrow sign on the side of the trail -- marilyn bishop lake --> ext . campground - lake - day 67 roland stand , poppy 's bent down , both they face blank . anita stare down , at the end of the dock -- lupita 's rip up short and shirt . anita fished out she sock , lay on the ioc roland be that what I think it be ? turn on a dime -- 48 . anita this be nothing , past -- a hiccup . we get we fair share of skinny - dipper too . poppy -- she short be shred , anita ! anita listen -- roland -- I think you re-opening probably need to be cancel , do not you agree ? anita absolutely not ! poppy this could have be I , anita . roland she 's right -- there be something strange go on here . what 's the true story with the reporter kid ? what do that to he ? who do that to he ? poppy and where be burl !? anita everyone just calm down , okay !? ( then ) Mr. baumgarner -- I 'il make you a deal . ( a breath ) we will not re-open until we figure out exactly what be out there . roland so , you ! be confirm , something be out there ? anita you have nothing to be afraid of , I can confirm that . poppy we do not know what the hell we be tracking . roland or what 's tracking you . anita I will not , under any circumstance , confirm it 's a bigfoot . that be pure mythos and plain stupidity . 49 , roland but whatever it be , it 's big ? poppy and it 's kill already . roland what ! ? anita so say whom ? have you see any body ? ( they stare ) | let 's all take a minute and we will devise a search plan , copy ? roland uh , not copy -- I be a writer , not the Grizzly man -- I be not go tramping , t rough the middle of the wood alone -- anita -- you will not be alone . roland , ou will come with I to the gun arn . poppy , go get burl . we will rendezvous at the mess Hall . roland Excuse I -- go with you to what ? poppy climb on she four wheeler : poppy Fifteen minute ? holding she look , a flash of concern : anita copy , fifteen . be careful . anita 's eye flash to roland , as poppy revs the engine . poppy copy , careful . she peel off , leave ro stare : roland something 's out here -- anita -- there 's something everywhere , in one way or another . you can either stand and fight or cower and run . to : 68 68a 69 50 . int . campground - mess hall - kitchen - day 68 from a radio play outside , scott joplin 's pineapple rag play . a bloody carving knife sit on a mixing bowl full of pinkish water , bit of tendon , and muscle float . unlit cigarette dangle , burl hollow out a bear paw , in a zone , he 's file the claw to razor sharp : burl I bring this life that come from God above . offer it to protect the one I love . if it 's need to take life from I , count it most , Lord ... with courage in victory . he strip he T-shirt off , revealing three scar , slice across he heart . on he arm , a fade tattoo : courage , respect , Victory . ext . campground - wood - day 68a poppy barrel through thick brush on the 4x , eye '' peel -- the beast blur in the far distance , tracking int . campground - gun barn - day 69 the pair stand before a huge , gray rustic barn ; the plank of old wood and metal be all rusted and wear -- roland this must be the honeymoon suite ? anita pull the double door open , she push a old wagon axle off of a mat , rip it up to find bury in the ground , a gun locker -— she open the door , revealing 20 different rifle , stun gun , tasers and ammo : roland ( cont 'd ) I think you say there be nothing to be afraid of . anita with a collection of pretty maiden like this , there be not . roland listen , I could pretend I be half as tough as_you guy , but I be not really . I think it might be best if I just head out . maybe I could come back when you guy get this stuff work out -- anita -- baby lacenta stew . use tampon as tea sr severe penise soak in alcoho - 70 71 72 51 . roland -- you read the book . anita I would have think a writer would love something like this . a little conflict . roland I be all for that , but only if no one get hurt -- anita you be not hurt , be you ? I be not hurt . who 's get hurt ? some girl that when you drive outta here tomorrow , you will not even remember she name ? roland ; I do not -- I remember she name , it 's lu-cerna ? anita step in close , hand he a shotgun -- anita -- let 's hunt together . get you primal juice pumpin’ . you will feel ike a real man , promise . ext . campground - mess hall - day 70 poppy hop off she 4 - wheeler , walk around the back -- burl 's radio play Jazz : poppy burl !? she see something move in the bush . she notice the bi footprint in the dirt below ... crack ! she turn , to scan the treeline -- when , fly down from above , the beast collapse onto she shoulder , hammer she as they crumble . omitted 71 ext . gun barn - day 72 roland why be we gather gun , again ? Cause my courage level be pretty -- anita -- cause unlike you , we can not run ayy ; we belong here ... and I owe ife to this land , and to protect it by all mean . 52 . roland speak like a true patriot of courage . anita courage be not the absence of fear , it 's the action take in face of it . anita lock up the door . roland check he gun , awkward in he grasp : anita ( cont ’d ) «-+- I could have be like you ... ( he react ) I want to be a doctor once upon a time . and live in '' you world '' . roland what happen ? anita two teenage girl get murder at my family 's campground . my family get bury in debt , lawsuit , lie and rumor . a certain book do not really help the situation either . roland oh -- anita -- after my mom get sick , I inherite the eer th come up here , look for the merrymaker murderer ! break in , vandalize the property -- I find more use condom than -- roland -- but you mom ? she write like she be such a fan ? anita oh , she be obsessed . she have kill to be here right now ... literally . sling she gun over she shoulder , they mount up -- roland if it make you feel any better , I probably will not ever write anything as successful again . a crooked grin on she face ... 73 74 75 76 77 53. ext . camp - broken cabin - beast 's lair / cellar - day 73 a cabin sit , its roof cave in , sporadic , beam and post from day of old still stand , along with it 's crumble brick chimney . to it 's side , two STORM door sit , lead to the ominous cellar wait below . drag mark lead in , they belong to poppy -- just as she feet disappear into the dark , a huge claw rip the door close . omitted 74 int . campground - beast 's cellar - day 75 the Space be dark and damp , a man-made cavern . slivers of sunlight intrude , illuminate a SMALL circle of rock surround by burnt wood . Old tent piece be rip and strung about -- bottle sit stack , fill with berry , nut -- fly buzz all around the rotting flesh of a hapless animal . a beam of light shine on the pile of dirty blouse and mashed down leave make up a bed . on the bed -- poppy lay -- a cut lip , dried blood cake under she nose . a large shadow pass , bree the light beam , it 's nail scraping against rock -- it 's sharpen they ... ext . mess hall - day 76 anita come out the back door of the kitchen : anita that 's odd . ( into she radio ) poppy , come in . roland what , they have disappear , now , too !? ( she do not respond ) you think they be already out look for lupita ..? anita consider he , then : anita yeah . follow I . ext . roland be cabin - day 77 burl sit in roland 's car -- cig light , he grip the wheel , the bear claw glove on . catch the corner of he eye , he notice something under the passenger seat ... 78 79 54 . burl well , looky what we have here ... ext . campground - hillside - day 78 anita rumble to a stop -- the hillside , some old , abandon cabin sit up in the distance -- roland you think she 's up there ? why would she go up there ? anita it be up there . roland look up , scoping the grade -- a steep hillside , sporadically entangle vine and branch , a maze of foliage . roland how about wait for it to come down ? anita march to she cargo cart , unhook one of she shotguns , she slide she 9 mm into she waist . she hold a tranq rifle out for he -- anita yeah , you wait here . ext . campground - hillside - day 79 roland plant he foot into the dirt — - grip dead branch for support . anita 's in the rear -- it 's a long way down : anita ( callin up ) just a little bit further ! roland this idea suck ! anita try to stay positive ! you be do fine . roland I ’m positive this idea suck ! roland look down -- grip a limb , pull himself up — - when he foot give way -- loose dirt start to skid fast . he slip , slide when a jag rock puncture he shin - — roland anita ow , shit -- -- oh , shit ! 80 55 . anita brace against a stump , ready for impact -- roland skid straight at she , they slam into each other , both flail off balance . they tumble down , leave fly . anita recover -- grab a poarby limb -- she manage to grab roland , stop he from slide -- anita I got you ! roland jesus christ ! anita wait -- he seethes a moment , then re-start to climb . ext . campground - broken cabin ( cabin thirteen ) - day 80 roland and anita climb over the crest onto a flat rock plateau -- the dilapidate cabin just 20 yard through the brush . ro turn out , mesmerize -- it 's tree top for mile , in every direction -- roll nature freely grow -- the path cut like scar between it ... a blood curdue scream ring out from the cabin ahead . anita grip she shotgun . ro ready he shaking gun , as they head toward the cabin : anita ( whisper you hear beat 9 ) roland what do you mean , '' did I hear that !? '' yeah , I fuck hear it ! be that you sister !? anita I think so . she march closer , roland cower behind she : roland I '' not sure just roll up and ringing the doorbell be the best idea . anita we have get gun , it -- crack , SNAP , crack -- roland and anita freeze . roland practice lamaze breathe , step slowly , but loose he balance when he step on something . roland God -- ro look down into the grass , and immediately jump , horrify , retching ... 56 . anita scurries over , to find lupita 's camera , and she bloody , severe hand and humorous bone still attach . anita grip she rifle , cocked and ready -- anita come on . come on , you be okay -- nothing you can do for she now . roland no way I ’m go any damn further ! anita approach the STORM door -- anita this be it -- she wait till he step over , reluctantly , when fly out of the inside -- poppy -- annie , it 's here -- —-wham ! the beast fly from above , a diving tackle of roland , send they both tumble , entangle with each other . anita scream , fire a shot into the air . the beast kick she in the stomach , she go fly into poppy . roland try to stand , but the beast tackle he again , rip at he , howling bloody murder , as its nail slice ro 's face . ro try desperately to kick it off , but it tear ro 's shirt in half , cut into he chest . with quick slashes , it cut roland , spring off of he . anita stumble to she foot , grab she discard shotgun as it sprint , diving into the ravine . the beast bob between tree , slide , quickly descend -- anita fire a shot , but shatter only tree bark . she steady , catch it in she shaking site - scope , pull a quick trigger -- through the scope blood spray from the beast 's shoulder -- roland collapse , bleed , out of breath , beat to shit . poppy move to comfort he , but he shrug she off violently : roland that fucking thing ! he voice crackin a GOD damn bigfoot attacked US ! a goddamn bigfoot attacked US ! anita grab he , stop the rant : anita -- you be okay . we be okay . 81 82 57 . roland no , I am not okay ! stop saying that ! nothing be okay , okay !? ext . campground - path - day 81 burl stop , hear the ruckus -- he 's in army fatigue , he large knife sly in he belt , he bear_ glove too -- sniper rifle on he back ... and he 's wear roland 's wolf mask . he talk into a walkie talkie : burl go for anita -- r.b. tango transportation have be disembowel -- copy ? a blouse from the laundry sack in hand , he continue after get no response , every fifty yard , a blouse be drape , ead to the top of the hill . ; burl_ ( cont 'd ) ( into he radio ) go for -- -- when out of the corner of he eye , the beast blur -- a hundred yard away , dodging between dense tree ... ext . campground - wood - day 82 roland and anita in she cargo cart -- cut bleed on he cheek , he chest , he 's a mess . poppy hunch over in the back : roland you camp be harboring a wild beast -— bigfoot - thing that 's mauling people . it need to be kill ! you can't have people here ! ( then ) you're lucky I ’m not threatening to sue you ass ! anita sue US for what !? what can you take from US that you already haven ’t !? he react , souring : roland just return I to my car , so I can get the hell outta here ! I have a wife and a child and another child and the real world to get back to ! to : 82a 58. int . roland house - office - dusk 82a christine stare at she laptop -- izzy 's bear lay in a empty blanket below she foot : christine ( call off ) izzy -bear , do you get lose ? ( no response ) mommy be gonna finish this last paragraph , then she 's do do ... well , with this chapter . her eye tick to the merrymaker poster hang above . she stop write for a moment : christine ( cont 'd ) isabella ? ( no answer ) izzy !? izzy ( 0.s. ) -- I be look for my shoe and blankie , mommy ! christine ( peer below ) you blankie 's in here , babe , with you - — grabbing the bear , christine have not notice before , but suddenly , pop up on screen , a instant message ; karbear13 : you hard right now ? karbear13 : ...at work , I mean ! ;) karbear13 : R U alone or be christine home ? christine freeze , she face fall . as izzy poke she head into the doorway , christine snap around to she : christine ( cont 'd ) izzy - babyy do momma a favor and go wu '' you room -- you wait there , like a good girl , till mommy come and get you . ( izzy hesitates , till ) we be gonna go get freeze yogurt ... izzy shoot out in a flash , close the door . Chris stare , she face pale . her finger shake as she type : ProfessorRoBau : all alone here .. a beat . karbear13 : good ! what ru up2 ? all work and no play make ro - ro a dull boooooo0y :0 83 59 . christine 's eye be paralyze , she type : ProfessorRoBau : all work here . karbear13 : about to take off my mask -- wanna see ? ProfessorRoBau : yes ProfessorRoBau : kara .. after a moment -- karbear13 : okay , but only if we can play we game .. christine 's eye narrow : ProfessorRoBau : what game might that be ? flash up on the screen -- a picture from the neck down : kara in nothing but she underwear , hold she cleavage together for the camera , high heel , lip purse : karbear13 : ... now you show me. christine 's eye well , stewing in the repercussion of the moment . match to : ext . roland 's cabin —- day - continuous 83 roland 's big doe eye stare , he look as if he 's just be gut - punch : roland no fuck way ... he limp he way over to he car -- the interior shred , with claw mark , the mirror crack , and a big pile of shit sit on the hood , fly buzzing -- roland turn back to anita : roland ( cont 'd ) ( beside himself ) .-. I be trap in my own damn book ! poppy step over for a closer look : poppy do we have insurance , anita ? roland fuck you smoky the bear insurance ! you have a serious fuck problem be what you have here , Ranger Bishop . ( to anita ) ( more ) 60 . roland ( cont 'd ) I tell you I want to go , I do not want to be brave -- now this be a crime scene , a murder scene and you be accessory to murder ! ( sharply ) I know you say you be ' the law 's out here , but this seem to have go to level beyond you jurisdiction ! ( to he car ) ou realize a ' 67 corvair be a vin age classic ! you know how much in depreciation value this just cost I !? anita glance over he shoulder , to poppy : anita you like secret , do not you Mr. baumgarner ? roland no , what -- poppy huff -- anita there be a secret I have be keep from you . he look down , he clothes , the cut , he blood -- roland you secret 's out ! I mean , I need goddamn medical attention ! anita step toward he , peculiarly close , six inch away -- anita you deserve to hear the truth . roland what !? what truth ? a whistle from behind turn they attention . burl stand on the hill , wave a blouse in the air , wear ro 's wolf mask : roland ( cont 'd ) be -- why be burl wear my -- wham -- anita jab a needle into the side of ro 's neck , quickly inject a pinkish fluid -- she hold firm , roland recoil , speechless . his eye flutter -- and he collapse . anita and poppy step over . anita roll he over with she leg -- anita ... the truth be , we be smarter than you . wham -- the beast land on the cart with a crash , scream . 61 . whomp , whomp , whomp -- three shot ring out , and the beast collapse across the top of the cart . its body shake , then go limp , hang off of the side of the roof . burl come gimp as fast as he can -- tranq rifle in hand , laundry sack in tow , toss off the mask : burl ( on the run ) get away from ' um ! get back ! ya'll get away ! ( reach they ) 30 milligram diazepam time three should do he nicely ... anita 's gun be train on the beast , but it be out_cold -- three heavy duty tranq dart in its back , its shoulder bleed , its nail sharpen to razor point . burl pull she away , wheeze : burl ( cont 'd ) I say get back , damnit ! suddenly the beast jolt back to life , send poppy diving into anita - - it fall off the cart , woozy , stumbling ... burl fumble for another round -- it begin to run , drunkenly -- as anita take aim , burl fire : burl ( cont 'd ) come here , bear . whomp , whomp -- two tranq dart fly into its legs -- it crumple to the ground . burl take off after it : burl ( cont 'd ) bingo , you big ol 's boy ! anita grab poppy , help drag ro to the cart : anita get he load on the cart . you stay over here with he , hear I ? anita drop he , quickly make for the beast , gun dead aim ... burl pull a coil of rope from he bag , throw it at she -- burl to tie up sleepin 's beauty over there . anita what about he ? burl that 's for I to worry about , right ? 62. anita lower she gun , finally h she first look at the beast up close . it 's face cover with dark , dirty hair , its skin nearly black from the build up dirt ... anita inch closer , move some hair away with the barrel -- when she face contort -- a overwhelmin : realization . she shift she shotgun , point blank , at bur anita what the fuck !? this be not -- that be not -- burl ( poker face ) -- secret 's out , honey bun . anita -.-.secret ? ( disgust ) .+- you know about this -- all along ? poppy begin to head over : poppy ( 0.s. ) we get it , Annie !? anita get on the cart and start it up , we be go . poppy what the hell !? anita stay over there -- start it up , we be go , you copy ! ( low , to burl ) listen you goddamn bastard -- you have get approximately 33 minute before the drug wear off to devise a new plan of action on how you " be gonna make this all better . anita head toward the cart : burl ey , I hold up my end , that make we square - — anita -- obtuse be what this make you . anita climb in next to poppy y clocking ro -- _ she look back to the beast . her eye tic of burl and the beast : anita ( cont ’d ) let 's go kill a monster ... fade to : 84 85 63. over black -- burl ( v.o. ) we all do thing we be not proud of , bear ... ( then ) the scar be there to show we some wound will never heal . omitted 84 int . campground - cabin one - dusk 85 a parge live area -- the ground a mix with mud and dead leave blow in . roland 's limb be tie with rope -- he mouth and ankle wrap with duct tape . poppy and anita sit beside he on a twin bed , gun sling over they lap : poppy what have you give he ? anita 175 CC 's of methohexital - - it 's a short act barbiturate . poppy drug nerd . anita stand , move to check the window : anita listen , penelope - - no matter what happen next , there 's nothing we can not get through together . we be blood . roland 's head rise slowly , groggy ... the first time he notice he binding , the room -- anita raise roland 's chin gently , eye to eye : anita ( cont ’d ) welcome to merrymaker campground official re-opening , Professor roland baumgarner . anita ( cont ’d ) ( sweetly ) I apologize that thing have not go smoother , but we have be eal with a bit of a issue the last few month . you have think all hell break loose ... but disaster avert ! | snappin so , ee ie p be yy , welcome ! ( a eye on command ) penelope help I prepare a little something in you honor -- penelope , if you please ? 86 87 88 64 . pry roll a new , flat screen tv in front of roland , as she sie es a disc to the side panel -- anita ( cont ’d ) since you seem to get the credit for write it all down , I think you should at least see the truth . smash to : omitted 86 omitted 87 ext . campground - cabin thirteen - day ( archive footage ) 88 a camcorder record -- propped on a stump -- two girl , violet and caitie ( 13 , 15 ) jump into frame outside cabin thirteen . a more doyit place 15 year ago , the frame time stamped : 08/03/1998 . caitie stand before the camera : . violet ; -- wait , you know how to erase this , right ? caitie ; do not worry about it , just shoot I . ( move toward the cabin ) so ... upposedly a camp counselor who eat aby or something , life in this cabin . camera catch a do not enter / off limit sign : caitie ( cont 'd ) I have be double dare and bet five buck I will not go inside ... alone for ten minute . violet ( 0.s. ) alone . two dollar per minute . that 's a good deal . _ . caitie I will give you twenty to do it for ten minute , you baby . violet ( 0.s. ) I tell you my number be 100 . caitie Fine . stay here , sucker . caitie grab the camera , point it at she converse sneaker , then camera find the cabin - - she aim back at violet , a face less than enthusiastic , she 's scared : 65 . caitie ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I think you be not scared of anything ? violet you will not do it . caitie please . caitie hand violet the camera and start toward the house -- the camera shake , zoom in and out on the front door -- a big new , # 1 on it . glancing back before she open it -- caitie grip the knob , force the door open -- -- when a skinny figure dash across inside . caitie jump back , they both retreat , scream ... caitie ( cont 'd ) Holy crap ! violet whatwasthat !? ohmygod , whatwasthat !? caitie pause , clearly the brave of the two : caitie whatever it be , it 's trap in there . violet .-- well , we be not let it out ! as caitie creep back toward the cabin : violet ( cont 'd ) hello ? caitie shh ! do not ! let 's just go ... violet stop at the front door -- she push she arm out to gaitie - — '' stop move ! " as she watch through the crack ook . ++ caitie ( cont 'd ) something 's in there ..? ( violet nod } .-. I be leave , let 's go -- a loud grunt come from inside -- violet jump back , caitie too -- violet I think it 's a animal . it might be hurt or something ... 89 89a 90 66 . as violet push the door open -- she rip into the darkness violently by a flash by , pale young man . caitie scream , not know what to do , she run to the nearby window , try to see in -- caitie violet !? be you -- --blood smashes against the glass , as violet 's head shatter the window pain ... caitie scream , drop the camera at she foot , and take off run . she get all of ten yard , when fly out from behind the house and tackle she , come the man ... as the violent scream and grunt fade to silence .. ext . campground - cabin thirteen - day 89 the camera roll on , recording every frame ... back to : ext . campground - cabin one - night 89 a burl reach out with a blouse , most of the rope wrap on the ground -- as the large , hairy feet step around the corner , near the cabin : anita 2 } ... no one be a ilow up there for a reason . we know never to disobey my mother . why be they better than the rule ? int . campground - marilyn 's cabin - night - ( flashback ) 90 chain by ankle and neck to the wall , the young man cower , whimper in a corner -- marilyn bishop ( 50 ) stand over he , hair in a tight bun , narrow eye -- she demand respect . she hold a thick branch in she hand , blood on it -- she sit across from the man , try to sink in she message : marilyn mommy do not want to have to do this . but when you do thing wrong , you challenge mommy . when mommy be challenge by they offspring ... what be we to do ? what be mommy to do , not clip the wing of she baby bird ? coddle and cradle you in she bosom forever ? ( she hit he no ! all that 's leave to do be break they down and start over ! ( more ) 67 . marilyn ( cont 'd ) go stop hit ) we divine mother provide we all obstacle to supply we the nutrient of opportunity we need for we growth as a species . you be my challenge ! she hit he again , violent swing , till she break down -- fall to she knee , grab he face in she hand : marilyn ( cont 'd ) you be the fruit of a mother 's labor , laid out to rot in the sun . I give you sanctuary , but you bit you mommy 's nipple and now it blee ( she strike he again ) you will rise out of these ash , and you scar will be you proof you can not be taken down by mere mortal men ! she swing the branch back , ready to strike again -- but be stop — - he shaking arm rise , hold out a bloody white blouse in front of she -- give up . as she lower the branch , hurry footstep stop at the door - a more youthful burl stand in the doorway , he eye fix on the two body of the teenage camper lay lifeless , side by side on the bed -- clothes drape , cover they private . Marilyn survey the carnage : ; burl p what in God 's name , Marilyn ? Marilyn stand in the corner -- something cowered behind she , in the shadow -- marilyn the parent be out on a search now . we do not have much time . I need you right now , baby - if I be to save this pracey I need you right now to be strong for I . burl what the hell !? , marilyn this be we secret from now on , okay ? okay ? burl nod , try to rationalize : marilyn ( cont 'd ) where be anita and poppy ? burl anita 's cabin . 91 92 93 94 68. marilyn -- good . I will go make sure they do not move , but I need you to take that bear you shot that 's still in the walk - in ... bring I a paw -- ( he 's perplex ) -- you ’1ll have to be quick . ext . campground - lake - night 91 burl kneel at the end of the dock -- a bear claw turn into a weapon , its nail razor gharp - he bend to the water , he reflection rippling ... he fight the emotion , as he plunge the bloody claw -- rinsing the crimson and flesh off he and . stare across the lake -- the two body , lay just off the the water' edge , blood seeping into the dirt , look as if a animal shred they ... burl stand , tear in he eye , he pull the claw across he chest , cut into he clothes and skin ... omitted 92 omitted 93 int . campground - cabin one - night 94 anita ( 0.s . ) and the rest , they say , be history . anita stand over roland , he face bett red : anita ( cont ’d ) I do not think a fan letter would get_you out here , but when you roll up , come hell or high - water , I know we ship have come in . anita step up , point she rifle into he crotch : anita ( cont 'd ) now , how much be the life of that cutie pie wife and that 1il 's bun in she oven worth to you ? what about you little girl , isabella ? roland lunge violently at she , scream behind he tape mouth , but she skip back . roland blink -- helpless -- when he attention shift to burl , back in the door , hold he tranq rifle out for poppy , shaking a blouse in he hand -- burl take that , pop - - then get back . anita grip she rifle : 69 . poppy you can not bring that thing in here !? ( to anita he's not bring that in here ! ? burl sign , seal and deliver , as promise . ( then ) come on , bear -- anita -- stand behind I , penelope . anita hold she rifle , aim at the door , ready . burl hold the end of a rope , the blouse in hand . burl step in , pull the rope chain -- hook to the other end in the straight jacket , be the beast , wayne bishop ( 38 ) . anita 's face stern -- poppy 's drop : poppy .-.- that 's not a bigfoot . Wayne 's dark eye rise , darting , scour the room -- he 's timid , but on high alert ... his hair be horribly dread - locked , matte with leaf bit and dirt . his face be dirty . and tan -- he beard , long and mangy ... he foot be big and bare , cover with dirt and grime from a life spend en the wood ... under the rope -- he wear as a cover , the skinned hide of a black bear -- it cover he entire body , arm and leg , add girth to he already tall frame -- the skin sewn together with leather strap , interweave up the stomach be the cut be make ... burl that 's you brother . a beat . poppy Excuse I ? anita you hear he . you brother , not a bigfoot . anita eye she , she look confirmation : poppy that 's ... Wayne !? our wayne ! ? ( get emotional ) but -- but Mom say he -- 70 . burl -- you mom lie to you , sweet pea . she have a lot of secret . poppy 's stunne , step up closer , but cautious , to she big brother . anita train she gun on he : 's poppy get that gun off he ! he's our brother ! anita he 's not the Wayne you know , poppy . Wayne grunt , put they all on edge -- he move away , near the corner . poppy step slowly : poppy ..- wayney ? it 's I , pop-tart . he jump back , pierce the small space with a scream . burl step over , move poppy back -- burl hey , hey , you okay . you oooh - kay , baby . calm down -- no one go 's hurtcha -- ( Wayne calm ) what do you say tonight 's the night we take off we armor , you not I both , bear ? ( eye to eye ) can you be brave for I ? can you have courage ? he start to unlatch the knot in the rope , anita step up : anita I will unload , burl - - he 's a killer . burl that's you blood -- get the hell back ! burl hold up the fade blouse -- smell it : burl ( cont 'd ) look , baby , look ... Wayne be fix on the blouse -- burl untying the rope . Wayne snap the blouse away , growl , retreate to a corner ... burl ( cont 'd ) let he be . the blouse remind he of ... burl turn , grab another blouse from he sack -- 95 940 a 71 . burl ( cont 'd ) look , bear ... like mama 's . flash to : blouse and sheet flutter in the wind , sway on clothes line hang outside the cabin -- int . campground - cabin one - day - ( wayne 's Pov ) 95 -- Marilyn cry as she chain he to the wall . she 's in she bra , wiping he cut with a blue blouse . she 's gentle now . spwayne lie on a bed of clothes , like a dog , in the abandon space . it 's dark , dank 's and lonely -- he hair start to grow long , he " peard too . -- the chain break -- -- Wayne climb out a window , a primal scream -- --a cry marliyn rip open the STORM door , no sign of he -- -- higher and higher , he climb the tree -- back to : int . cabin one - night 940 Wayne sink into a crouch , hold the blouse tenderly -- then more grumble than word : wayne mumma ... anita_lower she gun , she eye welling . she manage to steel herself : anita -.- you kill that two girl , Wayne . and that mexican girl -- Wayne do not respond . anita ( cont ’d ) and other , Wayne -- I have see what you nve leave behind . you kill innocent people , Wayne ! burl who 's innocent ? the boy 's handicapped -- anita he 's not a boy , he 's a fully grow man - - and to I , you be just a much to blame than he be , so shut it . 72 . Wayne move back in the corner , scratch dirt from the blouse : poppy he do not understand , Annie -- burl and he 's never hurt you , have he ? let he alone -- anita step close to burl 's ear : anita -- you_want to be even ? this wipe the slate clean . ( then ) he can not be here anymore . you do it , or I will . burl look to the bloody roland . he straighten -- anita , ( cont ’d ) you want that cigar ? you have you order . a slow burn - - as burl straighten he fatigue -- stoic . burl move , open he arm , coax Wayne - - he move from the corner . burl reach up to untie the bear skin suit . he unravel the first few intersection , finally the hide fall to the floor , crumpling lifeless . under layer of old clothes , stain long - johns , dirty and hole fill as hell -- burl show he to roland , proudly : burl he be what will always be bow would about humanity . no matter how deep the shit get , the spirit be undy . ( back to Wayne ) goddamn National monument . he grip Wayne 's face gently , pull he level -- eye to eye : burl ( cont 'd ) I swore to you momma to protect you , till you die breath -- suddenly , Wayne 's 's eye bulge -- re-flexing , he screech - — grab burl by the throat , choke he : burl ( cont 'd ) they be not haul ou off in chain ... do not fight , bear . Wayne look down , burl 's carving knife plunge in he gut -- the blood ooze . Wayne 's grip . loosen , as he collapse to the floor . Wayne breathes eavily -- forehead to forehead : burl ( cont 'd ) no more hurt . 73. rushing he , poppy swing the butt of she rifle into burl 's back : poppy what the fuck be you do !? anita jesus ! poppy he need help , asshole ! burl fight off the attack , she swing , hit he wildly , kick he . anita try to wrestle the gun away as burl 's pummele by pop 's onslaught , he swing back , grab pillow , sheet , anything he can , try to block she : poppy ( cont 'd ) we 're not fucking animal ! finally , he turn , cold - cock pordy in the face -- she stumble back , she nose bloody ying into roland , send they both flail : burl ya'll ain't even my fuckin 's kide ! blaaaaam ! burl be blast off he foot by a rifle blast . the loud , thunderous strike echoe , silencing the room . burl stumble back , the momentum from the shot tangling he in the sheet -- he collapse . poppy turn to anita - - and she smoking gun , blood splatter er face . as burl 's eye flutter close ... anita step over , pull out he cigar , shove into he lip , take he zippo from he pocket , lighting it for he : anita enjoy . poppy burst into tear , collapse to the floor ... poppy Jesus fuck , Annie ! anita wipe the blood splatter off she face , re-rolling she hair tight into a bun : anita burl and I have unfinish business that I just finish . poppy ( from she knee ) fuck you , anita ! I be finish ! I be do with this shit ! you and you be crazy fuck scheme , I be do -- 74 . anita step in front of she , she rifle aim at poppy 's chest : anita ary and_hold it together , penelope - - be almost do . now remove the professor 's 's tape , so we can get down to business and get Wayne outta here -- he stink ! a stand off , anita 's aim do not flinch , till finally , poppy march over and rip the duct tape off ro. roland breathes heavily -- spitting at poppy : roland you crazy bitch don ’t know who you fucked with ! anita move the tip of the rifle between he lip : anita ..- shhhhhh , I know exactly who you be . roland fugh yew . anita please just be quiet and listen to what you be gonna need to do in order to leave here with most of you blood still inside you body . pop rise , go to work , as anita toss a sheet crudely over burl . she pull up a chair next to he : anita ( cont ’d ) I have always want to ask you something , roland . face to face . ( he stare ) you never campe here -- so we story , we history , the misery ... be it just about the money ? roland something wrong with money ? anita no , we love money . actually this venture we be engage in now be entrepreneurial in nature . ( ean in you can not even imagine how deep inside you I be . roland 's eye flutter , woozy still from the drug -- 96 97 98 99 75 . ext . roland 's house - day - ( roas imagination ) 96 the scene be hazy , dream-like ... roland stand stare up to he glowing house , wrap in the straight - jacket : anita ( 0.s. ) 24601 -- the security code for you lovely abode -- 7 , the number of time I have see you before you drive up to we gate yesterday . countless , the day I spend listen to my dement mother expound upon you piggish gluttony , how you_turne '' we nightmare into you golden ticket '' . int . roland 's house - live room - day ( roas imagination ) 97 roland step in , the rope tie round he -- pile of dirty clothes , scattered with leave and twig , be all over the oor . anita ( 0.s. ) .».. and zero -- that have be my ballpark guess for the the number of day christine and little izzy stic around when you return home and admit to you wife you be a coward , a liar - - and you fuck my sister . int . roland house - bedroom - day ( roas imagination ) 98 roland step into he bedroom -- bed make , everything tidy christine be atop the sheet , sleep . on she pregnant belly rest roland 's wolf mask . anita ( 0.s. ) .-- but I would bet a tinge of contrition will wash over you when you finally come clean . finally ! int . roland house - office - day ( roas imagination ) 99 roland stand , everything black around he , except the merrymaker poster hang above he , light in low light . anita ( v.o. ) you have be trap for so long -- do you even know who you really be ? his eye squint at the poster , as the window in the poster begin to enlarge , we be zoom in ... 100 76 . anita ( v.o. ) seein 's yourself for the first time will be tough ... but ... back to : int . campground - cabin one - night 100 ..- fly in from the blood stain window , as if we have just fly inside the poster -- roland recoil out of he thought , anita next to he on the bed : anita -+-a man have to answer for he sin . ask burl . or my mother . a beat . roland and what kind of man be I ? you think you know I so well ? anita nothing but a hollow tree . roland .-.a hollow tree be not any man . anita ( a smirk ) exactly . poppy step back in , finish drag Wayne out : poppy -- what about burl ? anita turn -- the sheet soak red now : _ anita . leave he . laptop and picture , please . poppy look under the bed , pull out of a black duffel . she nos the bag to anita - - who pull a stack of 4x6 photo and a stuffed black bear -- roland eye it : anita ( cont ’d ) there be a couple number of yours I have not quite get yet -- ( hold up the bear ) I think this be so cute . roland stare , realize the connection , the same as isabella 's -- anita plop the stack of photo onto he lap : 77 . anita ( cont ’d ) now , I realize there have to be incentive for both side in every deal ... roland look down -- multiple picture of isabella asleep in she bed , with she stuffed bear -- anita place one on top -- its kara , lean over take a picture with izzy , creepy . roland ... kara ? poppy . we backwood folk , we 's got cousin ever ' where -- like my aunt 's kid , cousin kara . who think you be gross , by the way . anita ( pull the laptop over ) look at I , roland ... roland shake with fear , rage . anita open the laptop : anita ( cont ’d ) shall we commence the first official business transaction for the newly re-opene merrymaker Camp Grounds . roland transaction !? anita 652-3343-013 . recognize that number ? ( he do ) it 's my favorite of yours . but I need a little magic word to get to my favorite number . she turn the computer around , show he the web page -- a swiss bank log in page : anita ( cont ’d ) ..- what 's the password , hon ? roland the password be blow I bitch . poppy stomp over , burl 's bloody knife in hand . she stick the tip right up to he neck -- poppy I need this money to get the hell outta here , so you be gonna cooperate in a timely fashion , or stick it in deep -- ___ roland : ; -- not just tease I with the tip ? 78 . poppy dig the blade into he skin-- poppy you want it all , baby -- anita --stop . the password to you book residual account , please ? roland glance to the picture of the sleep isabella . roland stay on she -- anita ( cont ’d ) we will get it one way or another . the easy way -- or the '' I be you biggest fan '' misery way . ( then ) do not make I have to go after the wife , the kid and the white picket fence , ro - ro . after a moment : roland 0130isabellabubblebutt . poppy pull the knife back : poppy sweet . a beat as anita type ... anita what be this ? what the fuck be this !? poppy what be it !? she turn the screen to show poppy -- account balance : $ 18,733.58 -- anita be there another account !? be this how much you have to keep in there as a minimum balance ? poppy I think you say hundred of thousand of dollar !? anita it be -- the -- shut up , penelope . ( beginning to pace ) you write a best -seller ? 10 million copy sell . where 's the money ? roland who do you think I be , Steven Fucking King ? ( more ) 79 . roland ( cont 'd ) I have write one book , from which the publisher take a slice , the distributor he cut , agent 's cut , manager cut -- fuck attorney , all plus tax . anita pathetic . roland what 's pathetic be she make the real money . if it be not for she , I 's poppy -- what the fuck be we gonna do anita ? 18 grand -- anita -- I know it 's not what we plan for , but -- eyeing anita 's copy of merrymaker murderer in the bag : poppy -- wait ... what if -- what if he write a new book ? a beat . anita consider the notion , then : anita huh . ( then ) you need another hit ? be good for you ego . poppy and we have give he the perfect story -- he survive a bigfoot attack . anita apparently the bigfoot be very popular now . poppy yeah , he write a bigfoot book , he can stay alive and well , which in turn , low new check to come in , like from '' donor '' , or something ... _ . anita something secret , of course -- poppy -~ I will teach you how to anonymously wire transfer between account ; we would never have to see he again . anita stare , dumbfounded , then pull poppy in for a hug . finally , break : 80. anita this be turn out way better than I plan . ( turn back ) with a down - payment today , of course ! sitting down , she pull over the laptop : anita ( cont ’d now ... Mr. baumgarner , let I be the first to thank you for you generous but somewhat pathetic $ 18,000 donation to the merrymaker Camp Grounds Conservation an‘ Memorial Fund . ( then ) about how long will it take you to whi up a first draft of this new book , hmm ? roland 's face fall , the light dimming in he eye : roland ( under he breath ) just shoot I . anita how long ? roland I do not deserve to go home . to my wife . to my child ... my good life -- so shoot I . anita Nah . that would be what 's refer to as a '' bad Business decision '' . anita bend down to catch he eye : anita ( cont ’d ) I do not know whether to laugh or cry at you . roland look up -- dead eye : a beat . anita ( cont ’d ) you want to live ? ( he nod ) so , we gotta deal ? roland do I have a choice ? anita we or death ? 81 . roland Three month -- no more than 300 page ! anita late summer , my favorite time . ( a. smile ) unbuckle he , sissy . poppy - mo move , unbuckle the strap to the jacket . she pull it off he -- he drop to the floor , a pathetic heap . T girl on both side , grab he to stand he up -- -- when he suddenly swing he elbow , cold - cock poppy in she temple , kick anita in she stomach -- send they both fly onto the be he 's quick to grab the tranq rifle from the ground . he take aim at they both — — rise : anita ( cont ’d ) .«.. you be not a hero , buddy . roland shut up ! I will blow you fucking tit off and burn this shit heap to the ground , so help I GOD ! poppy that 's a trang rifle , you stupid -- whomp , whomp ... whomp , three air dart fly , plugging into poppy 's chest . roland ... stay for a little while longer . I know you want to . she stagger back , collapse with a whimper : anita -- son of a bitch ! roland toss the gun , whipping up anita 's shotgun -- as he move , every part of he body hurt , he angle toward the door : roland gimme the key to the fuck gate ! anita you be money be already go -- I would not be in such a rush to get home , if I be you . roland if I be you , I ’d go fuck yourself , cause I ’m coming at you gun blazin '! attorney , lawsuit , the whole gamut , bitch ! he aim the gun point blank , step close to she -- she hold she hand up : 100a 82. roland ( cont 'd ) by the way -- no fucking deal ! no fucking bigfoot book ! bigfoot be so played out ! anita you nre not think about the ripple this action will create . back toward the door -- roland oh , I know exactly the ripple -- ( then ) I be go to kill you . ( she firm ) .-- but before I kill you , I be happy to answer you question ... anita 's face grow dark -- roland stand in the doorway , he aim the gun , shaking , manic : roland ( cont 'd ) +.- you wanna know why I choose this place ? it 's because people in the real world , do not give a shit what happen out here . it 's why it 's ed the middle of nowhere ! whatever you think , do not matter in my world ... so , the answer to you question be yes . you camp , ou and you fuck up family pay or my dream house ... now gimme the fucking key ! she hold they up , toss they , when suddenly anita lunge for the shotgun , but not before roland squeeze off a round -- --blasting she arm , send she fly ying , collapse onto poppy . roland stare , wide eye , he hand shaking uncontrollably . he drop the gun , quickly turn out the oor - — bam ! he 's clocked in the face -- out cold . in the doorway , Wayne stand , hold he wound . anita 's body twitches under poppy -- as Wayne turn , hobbling out of sight . anita breathes deep , she eye lock on roland as she begin to crawl towards he ... in flash : 100a -- anita pull the blood soaked bear claw from burl -- -- the claw quickly slice across roland 's face , he neck -- -- roland 's bloody wedding ring spin on the floor -- -- poppy stir ; anita wipe sweat , smear blood on she face -- -- ro 's limp body be dumped into the back of roland 's car -- 101 102 103 83. -- anita limp into the driver 's seat -- -- ro 's taillight fade down the road , behind she -- -- burl 's truck camper follow -- ext . campground - broken cabin ( cabin thirteen ) - night 101 Wayne grunt up the hillside -- turn back , only to catch the fade sets of light , fade down the wind road . his eye stare , full of innocence -- sad eye of a wounded animal . as he continue he climb -- match to : int . roland house - bedroom - daybreak 102 -- christine waddle back to bed , pull down she sleep mask . she pass a window , a double take -- a figure stand on the front lawn . int . roland house - foyer —- dawn 103 christine head down the stair , baseball bat in hand . she check the peephole , immediately flipping on the porch light : christine oh my GOD ! as_she open the door , roland collapse , batter and bloody , claw mark all over he -- he face cover in blood , soak through he shredd clothes . christine ( cont'd jesus , roland !? what happened ! ? roland ( barely audible ) ..- i'mma ... christine what ! what happened ! ? roland -- leave I , please ... christine ... roland !? roland !? who did this to you ? tell I what happened ! he stare up , lock on she eye : roland «+a big-foot .. 104 105 84 . she clock the yard , street -- no sign of anyone , anything -- as she pull he inside . fade to black . superimpose : summer int . roland house - office - day 104 the office be bare , ready for a move . the only sound , paper spitting from a printer connect to christine 's laptop a knock at the front door . int . roland 's house - front door - day 105 the door open -- — christine kara ? not the person she be hope for : kara oh. hi , christine . um ... be -- christine -- he 's not here right now . kara oh ... okay -- well , be he alright ? I hear he be attack , like maul or -- christine =-he 's do better now . resigned from the University though . kara ( be : the box ) you guy move ? ris nod ) excite -- where to ? christine '' 3. placate smile ) -- do you need something , kara ? kara eject a teddy bear key from she pocket : I be such a idiot , I be clean out my apartment , and I find that . figure I should probably give it ac 106 157 85 . christine mystery solve . thank you . kara I hope whatever happen at least inspire some good write . he 's a good teacher , in he own way ... christine I will let he know you stop by . kara he teach I to take the work seriously . a beat . christine well , all work and no play make ro - ro a dull boy -- right ? the printer go silent , as the door slam shut . omitted 106 ext . roland 's house - back porch - day 157 christine walk with the stack of paper in she arm , pepgiie the slide glass door open , she step up silentl ind roland - - he 's rock they newborn in he arm . she eouch he shoulder , startling he -- christine do I scare you ? roland turn , he head shave , revealing the large , jagged scar cut down from he forehead , over ris nose , across he cheek and onto he neck -- other scar disappear 's under he clothing , up he arm : roland ..- he 's dead to the world . christine ( reach for the baby ) Trade ? she hand he the stack of paper , take the baby . the top page be blank , the teddy bear key on top of it -- christine ( cont 'd ) forgive the typo . roland ( be : the key ) what 's this ..? 86 . christine the miss house key we could not account for . I tell you I make three copy --— roland -- where have you find it ? christine kara have it . roland oh . I do not know you give she one . christine I do not . roland well -- when do you see she ? christine ( breath of courage , then ) ...- penguin reach out to I , and I nve agree to become a Assistant editor there , with one condition : they agree to publish my first attempt at a novel . that 's what that be . roland what !? honey !? oh my God , that 's fantastic ! when -- why do not you tell I before !? christine Cause I only recently figure out the way to end it . horror storey all end the same , right ? you have to kill the monster . roland Babe , this be huge . I can not wait to read it . you first big hit ! christine let 's not get ahead of ourselves - — - roland -- I know I keep say it , but ... maybe this all be really a bless in disguise . no pain , no gian , right !? christine if you believe in that sort of thing . roland a horror , huh ? tread on my turf . tread lightly . ( thumbing nonchalant ) ( more ) 87 . roland ( cont 'd ) what do you find to write about that be so horrifying ? christine ..- all the thing I wish I do not know about you . she turn , pull the door open , as roland open the first page to divorce paper wait underneath , already sign by christine . next , print out of the photo kara send on the i.m. , selfies , clothing optional . he pull the papers off , revealing she cover page below : animal among US by christine clay his face fall -- Chris turn away , as he collapse back into the rocking chair , stunne . maybe off in the background , a think in he head , or somewhere in between , - no one know what it 's like to feel this feeling , like ido ... '' Dead quiet . till , in the not too far distance -- between the tree -- SNAP ! crack ! roland 's eye dart , stare out to the property line , where the land meet the ' wild . his gaze narrow on a shaking limb ... a shadow move out of sight . his big blue eye stare out -- a mind now a thousand mile away . Hidden within the tree , stare back at he -- long scar run up the back of the fleshy thigh , a shotgun by she side . anita 's big eye peer through the cheap wolf mask ... a wick smirk on she face -- -- as roland reach for a pen , sat_on the table next to he water , he stare at the signature line of the divorce papers . e place they to the side , clicking he pen , as he open to the first page -- we ... fade out . the end .