animal kingdom written by David michéd title card on black : ' this be fiction . ' int . suburban bathroom - day 1 20 year - old daniel hordern stand at the sink of a neat bathroom , he face cover in shave foam . daniel ( yell ) mum ! he dip he blade in the basin and drag it across he cheek . he wince in pain . daniel ( yell ) mum ! gail hordern appear in the doorway . gail what 's the matter ? daniel where 's dad 's razor ? gail what for ? daniel mine 's blunt . I be gonna be late for work . gail do not you have spare one ? daniel where 's dad 's ? gail you can use mine . daniel where 's dad 's ? gail you can use mine . daniel no. gail why ? what 's wrong with - ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 2 . continued : daniel it 's disgusting , mum . do not worry about it . int . police station - afternoon 2 Daniel enter , back pack over he shoulder . he nod to the duty sergeant at the front desk and swipe himself in . int . police station / locker room - afternoon 3 Daniel enter . his partner , peter simmon ( 22 ) , be dress in uniform , close up he locker . daniel sorry , mate . peter I will see you out there . Peter exit . int . police station / weapon desk - afternoon 4 Daniel , now in police uniform , be hand he service revolver by the weapon clerk . he sign for it and rush out . int . police car - night 5 Daniel be on patrol with Peter . Peter drive . it 's late . the radio crackle . they sit in silence a while . daniel she 's leave message on the machine now at , like , three in the morning and mum 's , like , scream at I to get she to stop , but you know , yeah , but how ? peter she will quit it eventually . she will get bored . daniel maybe . I dunno if crazy people get bored . you know what I mean ? the radio crackle . over come the male voice of police radio communication centre vkc ( D - 24 ) . vkc ( D - 24 ) Richmond 49 . do you copy ? ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 3 . continued : Daniel lift the radio receiver . daniel Richmond 49 . we copy . vkc ( D - 24 ) 49 . what 's you current position ? daniel 49 . we be head west on Bridge Road towards Church . vkc ( D - 24 ) 49 , boroondara 's unit be all tie up at present . can you head over to 48 darcy Street in hawthorn ? a Mrs burnie of that address have report a white commodore sedan in the middle of the road . say it look abandon , window be smashed . daniel 49 . Roger . we will give it a look ext . suburban STREET - night 6 Daniel and Peter pull up behind the white sedan in a quiet neighbourhood . they get out to inspect . they radio crackle . they head to the driver 's side . Peter shine he torch through the break window , then open the door . he shine the torch under the steering column . wire dangle . he climb in the front seat and shine the torch around the floor of the car . Daniel crouch on the road beside he . a shotgun blast rip into Daniel 's head . Peter spin , splatter with blood and flesh . semi-blind he dive out of the car in a attempt to grab the assailant . a blast ring out , hit he in the body . another blast echoe down the street . Three figure in the darkness sprint from the scene . a light go on ina neighbour apartment block . the street be still . int . j's and julia' apartment / lounge - day 7 joshua ' je cody ( 17 ) , wear one oversize rubber dishwash glove , sit on the couch beside he mum , julia cody ( 35 ) , who be asleep , chin on she chest , in front of game - show tv . J watch the tv intently . two paramedics appear at the open door with kit bag . they rush in and go straight to work on Julia . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 4 . continued : paramedic what 's she have ? J heroin . the paramedic draw narcan into a syringe and administer . the other check she pulse . J watch the game show . paramedic not respond . we will need a mica . int . j's and julia' apartment / lounge - later 8 a young police officer crouch before J who be sit on the couch , numb . a few people mill around behind they . police officer be there somewhere you can go tonight ? J yeah . she pull a card from she work folder . police officer if you need any help , you can give this people a call . there will be a range of service they can provide that you might find helpful . ok ? J nod , blank . she smile , stand and begin talk loudly to someone off screen . J stare at the card . police officer alright , I be gonna head over to that one in caulfield before the traffic hit . int . j's and julia' apartment / lounge - night 9 J be on the phone . he wait for a answer , strangely blank . J ( into phone ) grandma . it 's J [ ...] josh [ ...] yeah good . um , mum 's go and od would and she 's die and so [ ...] yeah , I be ok . sorry , I probably should have say it slower and not just go and blurt it out and that . I do not really know what I be suppose to do now and [ ...] they take she away . ( more ) ( continued ) 10 12 13 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 5 . continued : j( cont 'd ) a ambulance come [ ...] yeah , they turn up and take a statement and that , but I tell they I be 18 and now I do not really know what to do . they do not say anything about , you know , like be I suppose to organise the funeral and that ? I do not really know what I be suppose to do now , with the paperwork and arrangement and that . I just remember when grandpa donny die you be all over it , you know what I mean ? i/e. j's and julia' apartment - night 10 J sit on the couch with two bag pack beside he . hear a noise , he get up , open the door and watch janine ' smurf ' cody ( 57 ) climb the stair . she see J. she bend over , out of breath . smurf puffed ... have you get you bag sweetie ? J go to she . she hold he . run open title . ext . cody house - day 12 a single-storey , expose brick , early - 70 house . it be flat - roofed and semi-bury in lush , but overgrown garden , almost like a bunker obscure from neighbour and the street . int . kitchen / cody house - day 13 two man sit at a kitchen table . barry ' baz ' brown ( 35 ) be count a sizeable wad of cash , stack it in front of he . he count the money into three pile . opposite sit darren cody ( 22 ) in designer T-shirt , sunglass on he head . smurf be at the bench stuff fruit into a juicer baz nine-four . he wrap elastic around the pile and hand it to Darren . darren twenty minute work . no shot fire . baz Three week prep . this be get stupid . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 6 . continued : smurf have you hear from he ? baz no . I know where he be , but I have not hear from he . smurf where be he stay ? baz I tell he I would not tell anyone . smurf he 's my son . baz ( smile ) I tell he I would not tell anyone . he be really specific about the ' anyone ' part . J appear in the doorway in a over-size T-shirt . the man look up , startle . baz gather the money and pack it in a bag quickly , but calmly . Darren shove he in he man-purse . smurf turn . J smile , shy and hesitant . smurf Morning , baby . J hi. hi , uncle Darren . darren seriously . stop call I uncle . it 's give I the creep . baz stick he hand out . J shake it . baz you want juice ? smurf 's juicing . smurf Apple and pear , hon . it 's good . baz push a chair out for J. J sit . baz how old be you now ? I be gonna guess . show we you muscle . do like this . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 7 . continued : ( 2 ) baz flexe he biceps . J do likewise , unsure of himself . J look to Darren who sit impassive . baz ok , now sing the alphabet . J I be seventeen . smurf start up the juicer . it 's loud . the boy wait for it to stop . noise stop . smurf pour the juice into a glass . she look close at it as she put the glass before J. smurf look at that . it look like a apple milkshake . craig cody ( 27 ) enter , agitate , shirtless , tattooe . he carry a small chainsaw and drag a doberman by its collar . smurf what be you do , love ? craig what 's it look like ? Craig exit . smurf start the blender . baz laugh . J smile . darren what the fuck , mum ? Craig burst back into the room . craig what the fuck 's go on !? smurf switch off the juicer and pour juice into a glass . craig who say you could bring that noise thing in my house ? smurf it 's yours , love . it life under you sink . you want a juice ? craig bullshit it 's mine . smurf it be . I find it under there . ( continued ) 14 15 16 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 8 . continued : ( 3 ) craig who say you could use it ? look at the fuckin mess you make . Craig unplug the juicer , stuff it under he arm and storm out . smurf put juice in front of Darren . the sound of the juicer smashing on cement outside can be hear . J flinch . Darren smile . Craig burst back through the kitchen . smurf Craig . craig what ? smurf come here . craig I be busy . smurf do what ? come here and give I a kiss . Craig step back to he mum like a scold kid . smurf take he chin in she hand . he go meek . she look at he warmly , then kiss he on the lip gentle and slow , he eye close . J watch . ext . brown -sayle house - day 14 Inside baz 's new model commodore as it drive a suburban street . as he approach he driveway , he spot a car park down the road . two man sit behind the wheel . baz pull into the drive of he neat , suburban house . he get out of the car , carry a sport bag , and head for the door glance back across the street at the park car . int . kitchen / brown - sayle house - day 15 baz enter . his de facto wife catherine sayle and they baby daughter evie be at the kitchen bench . cath be on the phone . baz kiss she on the cheek and stack the sport bag under the sink . he head back to the front door . ext . brown -sayle house - day 16 baz stride across the front lawn . the mystery car be still park across the street . he go to the letter box and stuff letter in he back pocket . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 9 . continued : he move to the fence for a better look at the car . stand by a flower bush , he pick up garden shear and do a little pruning , glance up at the man behind the wheel . baz stride out across the street towards the car , clutching he flower . two detective sit inside the car , window up . baz tap on the driver 's window . the driver wind it down . baz hand he the flower . baz this be for you . ar detective thanks , mate . you keep they . I do not have a vase . baz what do you want ? ar detective we be just sit here have a think . baz you wanna go think somewhere else ? ar detective yeah , maybe in a bit . baz he 's not here , mate . you be waste you time . ar detective who 's not here . baz you know who . ar detective I do not know what you be talk about . they stare at each other a moment . ar detective you better get that flower in water mate . they will not last in this heat . beat , then baz turn and head back to the house . 17 18 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 10. int . brown -sayle house - day 17 Catherine meet baz as he shut the front door . she be hold evie . catherine what be you do to my rose ? baz smile . he hand cath the flower and kiss she warmly . he take evie from she , bob she up and down on he hip . catherine you have chop my bush half to shit . baz it 's a plant , honey . they grow better if you chop they half to shit . they like it . catherine how have you go this morning ? baz hold up nine finger and shrug he disappointment . catherine nine !? baz motion to cath to keep quiet . catherine what ? baz nothing . I want a drink . ( to evie ) you wanna fix daddy a drink ? baz head for the kitchen . int . craig 's station wagon - day 18 Craig drive , J beside he . Craig 's wire . j's apprehensive . craig hey , what 's you form like ? you be in trouble with the police ? Craig pull up at a red-light . J once . ( continued ) 19 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 11 . continued : craig what for ? J stealing car . a car horn . Craig glance in the rearview . craig yeah ? what happen ? J I squirm out of it . no conviction . Craig stare in the rearview . a car pull up beside Craig , two hood inside . the hood close yell abuse . Craig just stare blankly at he . hood the light 's green , idiot ! the hood car move off . Craig move with it , hold he stare . they yell more abuse and up the speed . Craig stay with they , side by side , he eye dangerously off the road . the hood be enraged . they take off . Craig follow steadily . he reach under he seat and pull out a gun . he put it in J 's lap . J stare at it . they wind down side street . after two corner , the hood car hit its brake . they have have enough . Craig slow to a stop five car length behind . he look to J , who be stare at the gun in he hand - he 's never hold one before in he life . the man get out of the car . the driver hood approach angry . craig go get he . J and do what ? craig let he know who 's king . ext . STREET - day 19 J climb out of the car . one hood be almost on they . J raise the gun tentatively , try to maintain composure . the driver immediately back down , apologise , back away . J say nothing , watch he retreat , feel the power . ( continued ) 20 21 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 12 . continued : the man get back in they car and drive away hastily . J stand watch they leave . int . craig' station wagon - day 20 J get back in , numb , buzzing . Craig smile . craig how would that feel ? you get a stiffy ? J stare at the gun in he lap , then hand it back to Craig . craig butt first , mate . Craig slide the gun under the seat . J be daze . Craig laugh into a cough fit as he back the car away . Craig stop and realise he 's get himself half lose in the chase . he hit the brake and finish cough . craig where be we ? int . pet shop - day 21 J stand in front of fish tank . lot of pet noise . Craig be a few metre away , before a wall of fish tank , with randall roache ( 40s ) in a suit . Craig hold a brown paper bag . roache point to it . roache that there 's good . tested at 85 per cent . 400 gram . you can make that stretch . craig be this the anderis gear ? roache that 's half . other half 's still in lock up . ( hurry Craig ) we will talk about it later . my kid 's in the car . I gotta take he to soccer practice . Craig click he finger in J 's direction . craig I get pull over last week by some guy name Stevens . be he with you ? ( continued ) continued : roache nod the click . Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 13. roache he 's Federal Police . he 's be fix . craig fix like I do not have to worry about he anymore ? roache he 's fix . have you brother hear this funny noise the armed robbery squad be make ? craig he 's hear they be out to get he . he 's go and fuck off somewhere . 's in J 's direction , let Craig know he have not hear J stare into the cage . Craig click again . craig what have they get against he ? roache they want he off . they do not think anything they have do be gonna stand in court . so they wanna put he off themselves . J place the bag by the wall . he and roache eye each other craig you know this for sure ? what 's he suppose to do ? roache I would just be tell he to pull he head in . the whole thing 's fall apart over there , it 's look like armed Rob 's about to be disband and then I would say this will all go away . just tell he to pull he head in . craig his head 's in . you head do not get more in than Pope 's head . roache reach down for the bag J have leave by he foot . roache mate , even if I give a shit , you would still be tell the wrong guy . 22 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 14 . int . vietnamese restaurant - night 22 J watch the dinner table scene in a restaurant . beside he be cath , Darren and baz . Craig and smurf be at the other end of the table , with J 's girlfriend nicole ' nicky ' henry ( 17 ) . food and bottle be spread before they . other diner can not ignore the noise . Craig 's crazy drunk , try to convince nicky to let he throw a prawn into she mouth . craig come on . it 's a test . open wide . nicky shake she head , nervous but enjoy the attention . craig ( to J ) fuckin motivate you girlfriend . get she involved . smurf honey . people be watch . Craig stand . baz watch , impassive . J smile . smurf eat . craig ( to nicky ) I will give you a hundred buck . baz mate , sit down . craig yeah , they be watch . I be fun and interesting . ( to nicky ) two hundred . nicky smile and tilt she head back , mouth open . Craig sit . craig that 's the way ! Craig line up the shot . he throw and miss . the prawn bounce off nicky 's face . craig gimme another go . nicky wipe she face and stick she hand out . nicky two hundred . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 15 . continued : craig no way . you miss . nicky I miss ? you miss . smurf deal 's a deal . give she the money . craig she miss . smurf she do not miss . you say you would give she two hundred dollar if you could throw one of that prawny thing at she . you do not say she have to catch it . craig bullshit . smurf do not argue the rule . give the girl she money . you say you would . craig that 's bullshit . that 's fuckin bullshit . ( to nicky ) what 's you name again ? nicky Nicole . Craig rifle through he pocket look for cash . craig that 's fuckin bullshit , Nicole . int . men 's room / vietnamese restaurant - night 23 J step up to the urinal beside baz . they piss . baz if thing get too fun and interesting at you place , maybe you wanna come and stay with I and cath for a while . ( beat ) give Craig some space , you know . he need space . J take this in . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 16 . continued : thanks . baz zip , then head to the sink to wash he hand . he reach under the automatic hand dryer . baz ( loud , over dryer ) Nicole 's a sweetie . where have you find she ? J finish pissing and zip up . J ( loud , over dryer ) found she at school . baz nod , then move to leave . J follow . baz stop . baz what be you do ? J what ? baz you wash you hand ? J no. baz ( serious ) you have you hand on you cock . you hand go anywhere near you arse or you cock , you wash ‘em after . baz escort J to the sink . he point to the soap dispenser baz Little bit of soap . J squeeze soap into he hand . baz now tap . get a lather go . J wash , smile . baz ok , that 's enough . rinse . J rinse , hit the tap , laugh . baz drag he to the dryer ( continued ) 24 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 117 . continued : ( 2 ) baz now stick you hand under there . J stick he hand under the dryer . nothing happen . J this thing never see I . I be invisible . baz no one 's invisible , mate . you gotta get right up there in it . baz drag J under the dryer . it roar . J smile , baz exit . int . vietnamese restaurant - night 24 J resume he seat beside baz . baz call for the bill . Craig take a seat beside he and light a cigarette . he hand J a wad of cash . smurf sit at the other end of the table with she arm around nicky 's shoulder . craig that 's for today . J turn the cash over in he hand , look at it . craig ( to baz ) roache say just pull you head in . ( to J ) put it away . J slip the money in he pocket . nicky watch he . a waitress bring the bill . she lean over Craig 's shoulder . waitress I be sorry , sir . no smoking in here . craig I be only do it a little bit . baz ( to Darren , question ) they be not watch you . Darren shake he head . the waitress move away . darren what 's this about ? ( continued ) 25 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 18 . continued : catherine what be you talk about ? it could be anything . it could be about collingwood . they be still gonna be dark about Pope shoot that guard in collingwood . the waitress talk to a cashier , point to the table . darren he live . catherine yeah he live , and now he 's crippled . ( to baz ) you be there . they be not gonna forget that . and you know it . craig can you cut they in ? give ‘em a drink . baz it 's the armed robbery squad . they do not do business . craig roache just say pull you head in and everything will go away . baz be contemplative . the cashier appear at the table . cashier Sir , you can not smoke in here . craig oh , for fuck 's sake . Craig spin and knock table condiment to the floor . they smash . baz strip hundred from he roll . baz we be do here , mate . ext . vietnamese restaurant - night 25 baz , cath , Darren and smurf on they way down the street . baz talk on he phone , he arm around smurf . J piggyback nicky . darren ( yell ) mum , I be go home . smurf turn and stop . ( continued ) 26 continued : Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 19 . smurf be you ok to drive , sweetheart ? have you drunk too much ? darren I be ok , mum . smurf come here and give I a kiss . darren shit . smurf kiss Darren 's lip . Darren shake baz 's hand , then peel away . Craig lag behind , on he phone . he burp loud . int . lounge / cody house - night 26 Craig mix speed on the coffee table . J , nicky , cath and smurf sit . baz stand . J and Craig wear match baseball cap . music play . baz mate , do you ever stop ? every time I see you you be chopping in . why do not you try go to sleep for once in you life ? craig no time for sleep . cath watch uncomfortably . nicky watch Craig 's fix . craig you want some ? J no , she do not . nicky say you ? craig ( to J ) do not trample she freedom . ( to nicky ) you want some ? baz we be all here have a nice night and you be about to hack you arm up . ( continued ) 27 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision continued : craig fuckin , avert you eye if you do not like it . ( to J ) go get drink . get baz a really big one . loosen the cunt up a bit . J head to the kitchen . int . kitchen / cody house - night 20 . 27 J enter , switch on the light . he go to the fridge and pull out four beer . he close the fridge and turn . a man ( 35 ) be stand in the doorway . J drop one of the beer . it smashes on the tile around he foot . the man , pope cody , gesture J to keep quiet . smurf ( 0.s. ) be you alright , love ? J do not respond . the man continue he silent ' shhhing ' . smurf ( 0.s. ) j? pope shit. ok . you should answer she you be alright . J ( loud , uncertain ) I be alright . pope you sure ? guess who be I . J uncle Pope . smurf ( 0.s. ) what happen , honey ? J do you know who I be ? pope you be Julia 's kid . smurf ( 0.s. ) j? ( continued ) 28 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision continued : craig ( 0.s. ) you better be clean that up ! pope you have go and ruin my surprise , have not ya ? int . kitchen / cody house - later 21 . 28 nicky sweep break glass onto a dustpan . J crouch beside she with a plastic bag . she empty the glass into it and stand . smurf how be you two go there ? baz , Pope , cath and smurf sit around the kitchen table . sit on Pope 's lap . smurf you should put that in the outside bin , honey . I think it might be rubbish night tonight . ( call ) Craig ! be it rubbish night tonight ? craig ( 0.s. ) how would I know ? smurf ( call ) it 's you house ! ( to nicky ) I think it 's rubbish night . can you put the bin on the street ? nicky exit . J grab a rag and mop up the beer puddle . pope I be sit in this fuckin motel room all day and , you know , now what ? what be I s'pose to do now ? baz they be not actually gonna shoot you . you know that , do not you ? pope I bet someone say that to Pete , and mickey speed too . smurf be ( continued ) continued : baz smile Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 22. baz you gotta go home sometime . you can not hole yourself up forever , like maybe they will forget about you . if they have get something , then let they come . if they have anything on we , they would be use it . but they do not , so all they can do be sit in a car outside my house . ( beat ) they have get they own fish to fry . armed Rob 's get shut down . half that guy be gonna get shuffle over to the Major crime squad and the rest will go , you know , they will go somewhere else , and they little club ' 1ll fall to bit . all they can do now be try and get over on we and they have get over on you . they have make you run . pope you do not have they out there tell people they wanna knock you . baz they would not bother . they know I would not fall for it . catherine we should go , baz . baz in a minute , babe . catherine it 's late . we should go . ( to smurf ) Charlie 's baby-sitting . baz honey . I be talk . tell Charlie I will give she a thousand buck if she stay over the night . catherine if nine grand a pop 's as good as it get now , I do not know you have get a thousand buck to be give the babysitter . wide , lean back in he chair . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 23 . continued : ( 2 ) baz that 's not untrue . Craig burst into the room , look seriously concerned . craig can you hear that ? everyone suddenly look equally concerned . smurf hear what ? craig shhh. fuck. listen . Craig head to the back door . as he pass Pope , he stick he index finger out . craig pull my finger . Pope grab Craig 's arm and wrench he to the floor . they wrestle dangerously , Craig laugh . Pope pin he . Craig 's leg flail , knock chair over . baz drink , smile . craig ( laugh ) pull my finger ! Craig struggle . smurf kid , cut it out . Pope put he knee into the back of Craig 's head . craig ow ! get off . J watch crouch on the ground , mop up beer . craig ah ! mum , tell he to get off I ! smurf get off he , honey . pope ( to Craig ) go limp . ( continued ) 31 32 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 24 . continued : ( 3 ) craig get off I . pope I be not gettin off till you go limp . Craig go limp . craig I be limp . pope be you limp ? craig I be limp ! J watch the man wrestle . int . bedroom / brown - sayle house - day 31 baz pull on a clean shirt , peer through the blind . he can not see the mystery car outside . int . kitchen / brown - sayle house - day 32 baz enter the kitchen , tucking in he shirt . cath be vacuume around the kitchen bench . she press the vacuum off with she foot . catherine where be you go ? baz supermarket . catherine what to get ? baz nothing much . catherine what ? baz step over and press the vacuum back on . baz I be meeting Pope . baz press the vacuum off and pour himself a glass of water . ( continued ) 33 34 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 25 . continued : catherine how long be that car gonna stay park outside we house ? baz pop vitamin and press the vacuum back on . baz this be what I be gonna go meet he about . catherine it 's be there a week . baz yeah , well this be what I be gonna go meet he about , be not I ? baz press the vacuum off again and pinch cath 's arse . catherine can you not touch my arse every five second ? baz I can not help it . I love it . he grab she in a bear hug and lift she off the ground . baz Love you . he kiss she forehead , grab he car key and exit . ext . brown -sayle house - day 33 baz walk from the door to he car park in the drive . as he walk , he survey the street - no sign of the mystery car . int . supermarket - day 34 Pope and baz walk the aisle , pretend to shop , monitoring they surroundings . Pope hand baz a piece of paper . pope this be the new number you can call I on . baz hand Pope a envelope . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 26 . continued : baz this be you split . it 's bullshit . I dunno what you be think , about you future and that , but I be about do with this shit . baz reach over a woman with trolley for a roll of tape . baz ( to woman ) Excuse I , love . they continue walk . baz speak softly , discreetly . baz the stock market 's work . that 20 grand I put in there be 60 now . you get a foot in that door , there 's serious money to be make . you know ? pope what do I know about the stock market ? baz probably nothing . neither do i. do not matter . you just read the paper . you learn . or you get someone to do it for you . do not matter . we game 's over , mate . it 's get too hard . it 's a joke . Craig 's make a fuckin fortune with the drug thing , you have see the house he 's buy , but I do not know I get it in I . it 's grubby . it 's grubby business . you know what I mean ? the stock market , mate . the resource boom . I will get you start . I will set you up a account and you be away . pope I do not have a computer . baz you do not need a computer . Pope seem confuse . pope I do not know what I be gonna do . ( continued ) 35 36 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 27 . continued : ( 2 ) baz yeah . I neither be what I be say . but , you know , every day 's a new one be what I be also say . ext . supermarket - day 35 baz and Pope cross the busy outdoor car park . baz carry a plastic bag . they walk in silence , then Pope stop . pope take a look at this . he sweep he arm across the car park and stand lose . pope what the fuck be all this ? Pope suddenly look like he might cry . baz smile warmly . they look around the car park : fat woman with trolley , old man look lose , kid with jeans halfway down they arse . baz go home . take it easy . everything ' 1ll sort itself out . where be you park ? pope round the other side . baz ( point ) I be this way . Pope nod . baz smile then head off towards he car . Pope look around . he stand like a kid lose in a shopping mall . ext . STREET - day 36 baz cross the street and pull key from he pocket . he get in he car and start the engine . he pull on he seatbelt and look in the rearview mirror . he see two plainclothes cop , include the ar detective from outside he house , approach the car with shotgun . he spin to look through the back window . he see another two detective with shotgun . apprehensive , he wind he window down as they approach . he act casual . baz shit mate , you just miss he . ( continued ) 37 38 39 40 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 28. continued : ar detective ( smile ) that 's alright . I like you better . ( yell ) he 's get a gun ! the ar detective raise he shotgun and blast baz . blood splatter the car interior . ext . supermarket - day 37 hear the blast , Pope spin to see detective surround baz 's car . he take step over , shocked and helpless . ext . STREET - day 38 baz 's bloody body be slump in the car . shield by other officer , a detective pull a handgun from the front of he pants and throw it at baz 's foot . ext . supermarket - day 39 Pope stand in shock as people converge on the scene . his head be spin . int . lounge / cody house - day 40 Craig burst into the room . J follow . smurf be there , on the phone . craig have you speak to cath ? smurf ( into phone ) I have to go , hon ... she hang up the phone and stand . smurf it 's ok to cry , honey . craig that fuckin dog ! smurf honey , come here . craig that fuckin dog ! Craig moan strange and guttural . smurf go to he . he push she away and exit . smurf follow he . J be scared . 41 42 43 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 29 . ext . back yard / cody house - day 41 from the interior , J watch Craig pace hysterically . he can not contain he rage . smurf approach . she hold he from behind . Craig be now cry hard . he try to break free , but she will not let go . he stop breathe heavy , then break down . he let himself be comfort by he mother . he look up at the house . int . lounge / cody house - day 42 J stand , stare out the window at smurf and Craig . Pope enter . he be strangely silent and still . he stand at the sink and pour himself a glass of water . moment pass . J be deeply unsettle . Pope seem to not even know he be there . int . henry -emery house - evening 43 alicia henry ( 40 ) , sit at a home computer in a corner of the room . alicia that can not happen . nicky stand with J in the middle of the room . nicky 's 9 - year - old step -brother , andy , be slouched in front of the tv. nicky 's burly step - dad , gus emery , be in the kitchen chopping carrot . nicky please . there 's stuff go on and he really need somewhere to stay . alicia it can not happen , Nick . you have get school . you be in Year 12 . nicky he really need somewhere . there 's thing go on . alicia what thing ? nicky thing . it would only be for a while . alicia you have get school , Nick . you be probably gonna make a mess of it as it be . ( more ) ( continued ) - GREEN revision 30 . continued : and you should not be ask I this with J stand right next to you . nicky why , because you do not want he to see what a bitch you be ? gus hey. c'mon . nicky one of J 's friend get shot by the cop today and he 's dead . and I do not think it would be that big a deal to let he stay here for a bit . J I do not know he that well . alicia be shocked . Gus look up from the kitchen . gus where ? J um , prahran . I think . gus I see on the news . J I do not know he that well . it 's just a shock and everything . gus be there anything we can do ? you want a drink or something ? J no , thanks . alicia sit with she hand to she mouth . nicky so maybe you can think about that nicky drag J away . when they have leave , alicia look over to Gus . she try to talk quietly , but she 's emotional . alicia what be go on here ? gus he do not know he that well . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 31 . continued : ( 2 ) alicia we would not know . we would not know if he 's tell the truth or not . we would not know what 's go on . gus he 's have a rough trot . you know ? his mum 's die and - alicia she die of a fuck drug overdose . he 's drop out of school . andy ( 0.s. ) mum say ' fuck ' ! gus I do not know . all I can go on be he 's a good kid . he 's good to I and Andy . I can not ask more than that . what else ... try keep they apart , you can kiss she goodbye . alicia look to nicky 's bedroom door . she look down at she hand . they be shaking . alicia my God . look at I . gus just relax . everything 's fine . int . nicky 's bedroom / henry - emery house - evening 44 J and nicky in nicky 's bedroom . nicky you ask I to ask they . J yeah , I ask you to ask they if I could stay , not go tell they about everything . nicky they feel sorry for you . J do not do it . what 's the point of it ? nicky what do you care what they think ? ( continued ) 45 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 32 . continued : J be freak . he sit on nicky 's bed , he face in he hand . J fuck . nicky sit beside he and put she arm around he . nicky I be sorry . I be look after you . ( beat ) I be sorry . int . lounge / cody house - night it 's late . the house be quiet bar the sound of a old music video on tv . J and nicky be on the couch . nicky be asleep . j's eye be fade . Pope sit drunk in a chair , watch the tv . j's eye drift shut . Pope look over and watch J sleep . he stand and gently lift the sleep nicky off the couch . int . bedroom / cody house - night Pope stand at the end of the bed , nicky in he arm . he lay she down carefully . she sleep , she skirt pull up high on she thigh . Pope watch she . he take the doona and spread it out over the bed . it float down over she . she stir , look over through gummy eye , then roll back to sleep . J appear at the door , sleepy , disturb that Pope be there . Pope head out . he lean into J 's ear . pope she 's beautiful , mate . he exit . J feel deeply unsettle . he watch nicky sleep . int . j’s bedroom / cody house - day 45 J sit on he bed alone , try unsuccessfully to tie a necktie . smurf enter in a black dress and heel . she be look ina small compact , apply lipstick . smurf you do not cry at the funeral , do you hon . J continue tie he tie , like he 's not go to respond . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 33 . continued : J I try , but nothing come out . ( beat ) be that wrong ? smurf nothing 's wrong , honey . thing just be what they be and what 's right and wrong be how you look at it . you know ? you need to find you positive spin . there 's always one around somewhere . be nicky come today ? J her parent will not let she . smurf pucker she lip . j's struggle with he tie . smurf what be you do ? smurf close she compact and look at J on the bed . J this . smurf let 's get a look at you . stand up . g y p J stand . smurf undoe he necktie and try to re-tie it . she 's unsuccessful , so she take it off he and put it on herself to tie it . smurf you know why you mum and I have not speak in so long ? J no . smurf we have a fight about - you know the card game 500 ? she reckone you can play the joker whenever you want ina no - trump hand . she be drunk . I be drunk too , but I be right . but so look what happen . year go by and then she 's go and I lose my only daughter because you can not play the joker whenever you want in a no-trump hand . and I do not get to see you for year . and that make I sad . but I be get to see you now . all the time . ( continued ) 46 47 48 49 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 34 . continued : ( 2 ) have successfully knotted the tie , smurf take it off herself and put it around J 's neck . she pull the tie tight and step back to inspect he . smurf sweet . how do I look ? J you look good . smurf correct . smurf kiss J 's lip . smurf beautiful boy . ext . cody house - day 46 J and Darren load flower into the back of the car . Darren stop load to brush pollen off he bone - coloured suit . smurf and Craig appear from the house . Craig be in black suit and sunglass . smurf carry a platter of sandwich . over : a male voice sing ' the psalm of David ' ( ' the Lord be my shepherd ' ) in Hebrew . it 's haunt and beautiful . int . church - day 47 modern church . a young boy in jewish yarmulke sing Hebrew into a microphone . a coffin be on the altar next to a photo of baz . ext . church - same 48 sound of sing inside . Pope stand outside , near a hearse and two funeral director , stare out over the street , dark and contemplative . a few armed robbery squad detective lean against a car in the street , smile . Craig appear beside Pope , light a cigarette , silent . int . lounge / brown - sayle house - evening 49 Craig , Pope and Darren sit watch cricket . Craig be restless jiggling he leg , watch intently beside a big bearded guy , mick , a fellow mourner also wear a suit , sunglass perch on he head . mick you get a smoke for I ? Craig hand a cigarette to Mick , eye never leave the tv . ( continued ) 50 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 35 . continued : mick and a light . Craig stretch to pull a lighter from he jeans pocket . craig fuck , mate . be I a tobacconist ? go the shop . the shop 's down the road . int . kitchen / brown - sayle house - evening 50 smurf and another woman , charlie ( 20 ) , sit at the kitchen table with a exhaust cath , smurf 's chair pull close to comfort she . J be at the bench , pour cup of tea . charlie be baz jewish ? what be with the spooky Jew sing the song ? catherine his mother be , I think . maybe she 's be on a cruise . I do not know . never talk to the bitch . smurf can I get you anything , love ? catherine no . smurf you sure ? catherine I say I be fine , smurf . J put a cup of tea in front of cath . smurf stroke she hair smurf you be upset , hon . I know . catherine fuck this . smurf I know , love . it 's not right . catherine I do not want to live like this . smurf none of we do , love . ( continued ) 51 52 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 36 . continued : smurf motion to J to tell the other it 's time to go . int . lounge / brown - sayle house - night 51 J enter the room . Pope look at over at he . J I think smurf say we be go . Darren stand . Craig look up . evie cry in another room . craig there 's five over leave in this inning . smurf appear in the doorway . smurf ( insistent ) it 's time to go . craig ( yell to the kitchen ) come and watch the cricket , cath . take you mind off thing . smurf Craig . Craig stand and head for the door . int . kitchen / brown - sayle house - night 52 Catherine be at the table . Craig step quickly to she . craig you take it easy , cath . I be sorry about you loss . Craig hug she and exit . the other man stand in line to hug she . J stand with smurf in the doorway . smurf nudge J to hug cath . he do so . it 's awkward . Pope move to cath . smurf and J exit . Pope hold cath and lean into she ear . pope everything will be good . he exit . she watch he go , anguish and confuse . 53 54 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 37 . int . lounge / cody house - night 53 Mick be at the stereo , go through CD . Craig watch the tv . j's in a armchair , Darren on the couch . Pope 's restless . mick you get any more speed ? craig sit down and watch the fuckin cricket Mick . Mick take a CD from its case and open the stereo 's CD tray . craig get away from the fuckin stereo . you be drive I nut . what do I say ? sit down . today 's not the day . Mick close the CD tray and look at more CD . Darren get up and go to the kitchen . Pope lean menacingly into j's ear . pope go to you room . confused , J get up and head for the door . int . kitchen / cody house - night 54 Darren be at the sink fix himself a drink . Pope enter and stand behind he , loom . Darren know he 's there . pope what 's that suit you be wear ? darren it 's my suit . pope yeah ? do you think you look good in it ? darren what ? pope it look gay . be you gay ? Darren continue fix he drink . he feel uncomfortable . darren get fuck . ( continued ) continued : Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 38 . pope I be ask a serious question . I be comfortable with you lifestyle . I just want you to talk to I about it . sometimes I worry we do not talk to each other enough . you make yourself a drink ? darren yeah . pope yeah ? whatcha make ? darren rum and coke . pope rum and coke ? that 's not a very gay drink . I think if you be a gay man you should feel like you can make yourself a gay drink . you know what I mean ? this be what I be talk about . it kill I to see you live a lie . darren just fuck off , will ya ? Pope watch the back of Darren 's head . Darren do not respond . he take a Darren sto long time with he drink . pope what do you think we should do , Darren ? darren we have gotta be there for he family , for cath and that . pope what be you gonna do , Darren ? darren I dunno . he 's dead . it 's wrong and that but , you know ... ps fix he drink . he stare into the sink . pope you know , if it be baz who be stand there right now , cause we would just be to you funeral , we would not even be have this conversation . ( more ) ( continued ) 55 56 Kingdom - GREEN revision 39 . continued : ( 2 ) pope ( cont 'd ) he would have already do something about it . Pope step up close behind he . he 's gentle with Darren . Darren watch the tap drip . pope if you do not wanna do anything cause you be scared , then just say so . be it cause you be scared ? it 's alright if you be . I just want you to talk to I about it . Craig enter , all hop up . he go to the fridge , get a beer then head to the couch . craig that guy 's drive I fuckin nut . tension hang between Pope and Darren . at that moment , music start up loud in the lounge . Pope gently pull Darren by the arm to the lounge . int . lounge / cody house - night 55 Mick be crouch before the stereo . Pope enter with Darren . Pope pull a handgun from he pants , step across the room and shoot Mick in the back of the head . Mick crash face - first into the shelf . knickknack topple . pope that 's what they have go and do to we . Pope put he gun back in he pants like it 's no big thing . pope I just think we should do something about it . Craig enter . craig fuck . the carpet . Pope exit down the hall . Craig scurries for the back door . Darren be leave stunne with death and music . int . j’s bedroom / cody house - night 56 J stand in he room , startle , listen . he open he door ( continued ) 57 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 40 . continued : Pope pass in the hall on he way out . they make eye contact . still in suit pants , barefoot and no shirt , J walk the hall to the lounge door , inch ajar . he open it tentatively . int . lounge / cody house - night 57 bent face first against the shelf , Mick lie dead . Darren stand on the other side of the room , in shock . J step anxiously into the room . Darren look over to he , blankly . the back fly - wire door open . Craig enter drag a sheet of thick black plastic behind he . the dog charge past Craig from the back door and go straight to the body , sniff and lick . craig Daisy ! get out of it ! get he off the carpet , Darren . darren this suit 's not mine . it 's already dirty . I already get pollen on it Darren head for the door , strangely catatonic . craig hey , get back here . Darren exit without respond . the dog keep lick . craig Daisy ! get out of it ! Craig grab the dog by its collar , drag it to the door . J be leave alone with the body . it make a gurgling moan . Craig reappear . J can hardly breathe . J I think he 's alive . craig hey ? J he 's make sound . Craig switch the stereo off . he hear Mick moan . he stomp he foot down hard twice , then stop and listen . no sound . he lay the plastic down . ( continued ) 58 59 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 41 . continued : craig grab the other end . Lay it down flat . get he off the carpet . J do so . Craig grab the body , pull it backwards . it flop back awkwardly , face up , bloody and batter . craig lift the corner up . like this . J grab the corner of the sheet , keep blood pool inside . Craig roll the body onto it and take the corner . craig let 's get he outside . you ready ? one , two , three . they drag . Mick be huge and heavy . J slip and fall forward . craig fuck . he 's huge . we be never gonna get he in the car . Craig think , blink a lot . int . bathroom / cody house - night 58 Craig line the bathroom wall with black plastic . J stand beside he with a roll of mask tape , tear strip off for Craig to use to hold the plastic up . J be freak . int . bathroom / cody house - later 59 J stand just outside the bathroom door as the sound of a chainsaw start up inside . and then the sicken sound of the see 's blade tear into flesh and bone . the sound go for a while . J be stunne . and then the see switch off . craig ( 0.s. ) Jesus Christ . Craig appear in the doorway , cover head to toe in blood . craig this be gonna take longer than I think . can you pass I that beer ? J hand he a beer . Craig sit on the edge of the bath , look at off - screen horror , just behind the bathroom door . craig go and put you shoe on . we be go bush when I be do here . 60 62 64 66 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 42. ext . cody house - night 60 Craig and J heave heavy garbage bag into the back of Craig 's station wagon . Craig climb up and drag they in . int . bathroom / cody house - morning 62 J stand nude under the shower . the dog sit outside the shower , stare at he . Pope enter the bathroom . pope where 's Craig ? J I dunno . pope I need a favour . can you get we a car a commodore or something ? Craig say you good with car . J do not know how to respond . pope I gotta go , but you can bring it to Darren 's place at 2 be , yeah ? J how come ? pope coz I tell you to . Pope turn and leave . J stand , uncertain . ext . STREET - night 64 J walk a quiet suburban street , size up park car , baseball cap pull tight over he face . he see a white commodore , walk to the driver 's door . he slide a metal strip from he sleeve and jam it in the door pop it open . he get behind the wheel , pull the case away under the steering column and start the car . int . darren 's apartment - night 66 J knock on the door . Pope let he in . Craig pace in the kitchen . Darren be on the couch . he pack and smoke a bong . he seem anxious . ( continued ) 68 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 43 . continued : pope where be it ? J park round back . it 's a white commodore . where be you go ? Pope pick up a sport bag beside the couch . it 's noticeably heavy . Darren do not move . he stare at the bong . pope why be you get stone now ? what make you think that 's a good idea ? Darren stand , put key in he pocket . pope ( to J ) anyone call , tell they Darren 's in the shower . they exit . Pope close the door behind he . J be leave alone in the lounge . he sit , he heart pound . CUT to black : static , then male voice of police radio communication centre vkc ( D - 24 ) . dialogue be over , radio - filter and subtitled . vkc ( D - 24 ) vkc to Richmond 49 . do you copy ? over. Richmond 49 ... ( long pause ) vkc to Richmond 49 . do you copy ? over . int . darren 's apartment - night 68 slow motion : J be in the armchair , smoking a cigarette . silence . then radio static . vkc ( D - 24 ) vkc to boroondara 420 , do you copy ? over . any unit clear near the hawthorn area ? Richmond 510 ? do you copy ? richmond 510 Richmond 510 . we copy . over . vkc ( D - 24 ) 510 , state you position . ( continued ) 70 continued : Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 44 . richmond 510 510 . we be travel east on commercial Road . vkc ( D - 24 ) 510 , can you head over to 48 darcy Street in hawthorn ? I send Richmond 49 to that address approximately 20 minute ago to a call about a abandon commodore in the middle of the road and they be fail to respond at this time . they have not call in a sit-rep but we have have card from resident in the area report shot fire . richmond 510 Roger that . we ’1ll take a look boroondara 87 boroondara 87 . we be in the area and can head to that one . vkc ( D - 24 ) Roger that , 87 . any other available ? richmond 87 Richmond 87 . we be five minute from that one . vkc ( D - 24 ) Roger that , 87 . int . darren 's apartment - night 70 J be on the couch . we see mundane bit and piece of Darren 's apartment : wallpaper , sneaker with dirty sock in they , clean glass stack by the sink to dry . richmond 510 Richmond 510 . vkc ( D - 24 ) yes , 510 . richmond 510 what be that address again ? vkc ( D - 24 ) sorry 510 , please repeat . richmond 510 what be that address in hawthorn ? ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 45 . continued : vkc ( D - 24 ) 48 darcy . vkc ( D - 24 ) Richmond 510 , what 's you eta for that one ? richmond 510 510 . we be on approach now . vkc ( D - 24 ) Roger that , 510 . approach with caution . we have have report of shot fire and Richmond 49 be not respond . first unit give we a immediate sit-rep thanks . boroondara 87 boroondara 87 . sorry , can you give we that address for the last again ? vkc ( D - 24 ) it 's 48 darcy . what 's you position 87 ? boroondara 87 boroondara 87 . we be on St kilda Road . richmond 510 ( distraught ) urgent. Richmond 510 . vkc ( D - 24 ) sorry , 510 . repeat . over richmond 510 Richmond 510 , urgent . we have get two member down in darcy St , hawthorn . vkc ( D - 24 ) Richmond 510 , do you require assistance ? over. 72 I /e. darren 's apartment - night 72 J , sit on the couch . richmond 510 we have two member down with shotgun wound to the head . vkc ( D - 24 ) 510 , do you require assistance ? ( continued ) 73 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 46 . continued : richmond 510 affirmative . we need a ambulance here . we 'il need a mica for this guy . they be in a bad way . boroondara 87 boroondara 87 . we be enter darcy Street now . vkc ( D - 24 ) Roger that , 87 . take care . officer be down . richmond 510 St kilda 510 . we need that ambo down here now . this guy be gonna die . CUT to black : vkc ( D - 24 ) ambulance have be dispatch , 510 . boroondara 87 , what 's you position ?... static continue . then stop . then silence . int . darren 's apartment - night 73 J be in the kitchen , scraping the black off burnt toast into the sink . he hear keys jangling . Darren appear , anxious and out of breath , he tracksuit pants spatter with blood . he push past J and go to the bathroom . J follow . Darren ? Darren be in the shower , shirtless but pants still on , scrubbing madly at he sneaker . J Darren , what happen ? darren go to sleep . J watch he scrub . Darren 's in another world . J should I go home ? Darren do not respond . J shut the bathroom door , lose . 74 75 76 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 47 . int . darren 's apartment - day 74 J wake on the couch . the phone be ringing . he do not know if he should answer . he do . J hello ? click . the person on the other end hang up . J go to the bedroom and peer in . Darren be sprawle on he front . J exit the apartment , seriously unsettle . ext . STREET - day 75 J walk a major road . Police car scream past . siren wail . int . lounge / cody house - day 76 Pope be on the couch , head in he hand . cricket be on tv . J step in quietly . Pope look up , startle . pope hey . he seem strangely vacant , detach . he point to the tv . pope this little Sri lankan character . how do you say he name ? J muralitharan . pope what be it ? J muralitharan . murali . pope he 's funny . J where 's Craig ? pope dunno . hey , who cut you hair ? J nicky . ( continued ) 77 78 79 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 48 . continued : pope do you think maybe she could cut my hair if I ask she ? J maybe . J feel seriously unnerve . he head for the door . pope where be you go ? J just to my room . pope if you ever need to talk about anything or anything , I be here . for any help you need or anything like that . I be happy to do that for you . J ok . J wait for more . nothing come . he exit . Pope watch he . int . hall / cody house - day 77 J walk the hall towards he bedroom . all be eerily silent . there be the sound of a blast of smash glass and splintering wood . special Operations Group ( sog ) police in full black , flak - jacket and helmet , charge in with shotgun raise . sog 1 get on the floor ! now ! move ! get on the fuckin floor ! J drop to he knee , hand raise . he be kick down . int . lounge / cody house - day 78 Pope continue stare at the tv , strangely calm . more sog burst into the lounge , scream , gun raise , and force Pope to the floor . one whacks Pope in the back of the head with the butt of he shotgun . int . hall / cody house - day 79 while one sog train a shotgun on J , another press he knee into J 's back while flex - cuffing he . 80 81 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 49 . int . police complex - day 80 Pope and J be lead single - file along a hall , heavily guard by detective . cop loiter , watch the procession with hate . J and Pope be lead to a wait area . Darren be already there , cuffed and distress . int . interview room / police complex - day 81 J sit in a small interview room , wait , alone . detective senior sergeant nathan leckie ( 39 ) enter with detective justin norris ( 32 ) and social worker JOHN harrop . leckie g'day , josh . I be detective senior sergeant leckie , this be detective norris . leckie and norris sit . leckie Mr. harrop here be from the Department of human service . it 's a requirement under the law that in question anyone under the age of 18 , they must be accompany by a guardian or legal representative . in the absence of such a person , a department officer such as John must be present . I must also advise you that you be under no obligation to say anything at this point , but anything you do or say can be use as evidence in any later court appearance . do you understand this josh ? J nod . leckie speak casually , reassure . leckie we will not need to keep you too long . J I have already be here for hour . leckie yes , I be sorry about that . it 's be a big day , as I be sure you can understand . please state you full name . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 50 . continued : J joshua Daniel cody . leckie do you know why you be here , josh ? J would not have a clue . leckie last night two police officer be shot dead investigate a steal car in hawthorn . leckie gauge J 's reaction . J shift . norris take note . leckie can you tell I where you be last night ? J I be at home . leckie what 's the address there ? J 17 harding Street , ivanhoe . leckie and what be you do at home last night ? J look around the room . the man watch he closely . J watch tv . leckie be you uncle at that same address with you last night ? second into the interview J find himself have to fabricate answer to simple question . norris take note . J they be home but I fall asleep pretty early so I would not have a clue really what they be up to . I think they might have just be watch tv sort of thing . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 51 . continued : ( 2 ) leckie they be watch tv with you ? J they come in at some point , but by that point I be already half - asleep . I be not really pay attention about what they be up to . leckie what be you watch ? J I think it be probably like ' funniest Home video ' . I be pretty much just have a nap on the couch . leckie and at some point during the evening all three of you uncle come into the room , or only one , or two maybe ? can you tell I exactly who be there ? J 's fact fabrication be only get deeper . he want out . J I can not really tell you . I be that sleepy I only remember that there be people around , but I be not sure who exactly . I basically have my eye shut sort of thing . leckie you do not remember who you hear ? J ( pause ) the reason I be so sleepy and do not remember be because I smoke some marijuana and I be knock out sort of thing . I do not want to tell you that . leckie it 's ok , josh . we be not concerned with what you smoke . norris look up from he note take . leckie do you remember where you be when you hear the news of Barry Brown 's death ? ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision continued : ( 3 ) J look at the face in the room . J I be at home . leckie how do the family respond to the news ? Craig must have be upset . J he be sad . leckie sad in what way ? J he be cry . leckie you physically see he cry ? what do you see ? J his face be all red and he have water come out of he eye and he be rub they . leckie how be he rub he eye ? J you know , like this . J rub he eye like ' boo hoo ' . leckie what 's take place then ? do he say anything you can recall ? J ( pause ) I have be smoking a fair bit lately and my memory 's all fuck up , so I do not know really . do not think so . norris take note . leckie watch J. leckie ok , be there anything else you would like to add with regard to the matter we have discuss here today ? 52 . ( continued ) 81a 81b Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 53 . continued : ( 4 ) no . leckie we ’1ll suspend the interview at this point . detective norris and I will be back in a tick . leckie stand . norris take a few more note . leckie you want a drink , josh ? J no . thanks . leckie you sure ? juice or something ? J shake he head ' no ' . norris stand . he and leckie exit . int . hallway - day 81a leckie and norris stand outside the door to the interview room . norris we be gonna let he run . leckie nod . they wait in silence . int . interview room / police complex - day 81b J squirm . awkward silence . J ( to harrop ) how long can they keep I here ? harrop . well , if they do not charge you with anything - I do not think they will - it should not be much longer . leckie and norris re-enter . J look around uncomfortably . leckie you know what ? I think we have only get a couple more question now ... J where 's grandma and Darren ? ( continued ) 82 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 54 . continued : leckie we interview with they finish some time ago , so I do not know . int . sandwich shop - evening 82 smurf , Pope and Darren sit in a booth in a empty diner , close up for the evening . pope have you forget what baz do for you ? who 's be give you money ? I and baz have . what 's Craig be give you ? he 's make a fuckin fortune . how much be he give you ? smurf Craig buy I my flat . pope you do not own that place . he just let you live in it . smurf what be it you think you have do for baz ? you think he give two hoot what you have go and do ? a waitress interrupt with tea for smurf . smurf 's demeanor shift effortlessly back to polite - grandma mode . smurf thank you , love . do you think we could have the bill , please ? the waitress leave . smurf turn back to Pope . smurf he 's dead . Darren 's mobile phone ring . he answer quietly . smurf I know you care , honey . just do not you be think you care in some special way , like nobody else do . darren Craig 's here . Darren stand and exit . smurf watch Pope . he seem meek . she lick she thumb , wipe a smudge of food from he lip . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 55 . continued : smurf maybe you should think about take you pill again . smurf pull a pile of change from she purse and count it on the table . Darren re-enter with Craig . Craig be freaking out . he take a seat at the table . other diner glance up . craig what the fuck ? what be they do there so quick ? it 's like they fuckin know something . smurf they know who baz 's friend be . keep you voice down . craig fuck . darren if they have anything we have still be in there . smurf they want to talk to you too , love . you should call ezra and take yourself in tomorrow . craig I be not go in there . be you fuckin nut ? smurf if you do not , hon , they 's 1l1 think you have get something to hide . craig I fuckin do . I be not go in there . smurf they ' 11 come look for you if you do not , honey . calm down . pope where 's j? craig I should just carry about my daily business like normal . do not you think ? Pope look at Darren . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision continued : ( 2 ) pope where 's j? Darren shrug . he do not know . craig where 's j? be he still in there ? darren dunno. craig what 's he say ? darren I do not know . calm down . craig if he 's not talk , what be they still talk about ? pope where be he ? darren I do not fuckin know . why be you ask I like I would know ? smurf ok . we should leave now . 83 int . police car - evening 56 . 83 J be in the front seat . norris drive . they drive in silence . J it 's the next leave . not this one , the next one . norris hit the indicator and drive around the corner . only metre around it , he pull over . norris get out . J what ? norris I be not drive you home , cunt . get out of my fuck car . ( continued ) 84 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 57 . continued : J be suddenly grip with fear . he open the door and get out . norris screech away . int . henry -emery house - night 84 Gus open the back door . J be there , unnerve . gus J be nicky here ? gus she 's not home yet . you hungry ? we be about to eat . J maybe . thanks . J enter . Gus shut the door behind he . alicia be in the kitchen cooking . she look up at J coolly . J hi , Mrs Henry . alicia call I alicia , J. gus J 's stay for tea . Gus take a beer from the fridge and take a seat next to Andy , watch tv . J stand behind the couch , then wander over to the kitchen , where alicia serve food onto plate . J can I help ? alicia you could set the table . J set about lay the table carefully . he be familiar with the kitchen . he know where to find place mat , cutlery etc . alicia how be you day today ? J it be ok . awkward silence . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 58 . continued : J how be yours ? alicia it be good . ( to Gus and Andy ) dinner 's ready . ( to J , cool ) can you take that plate ? alicia and J carry plate . Gus mute the tv . he and Andy take they seat at the table . alicia how be you friend 's funeral ? J it be ok . sad and everything . alicia we see it on the news last night . J can see the mute tv . a news report about the police murder . we see image around the table intercut with news footage of the crime scene : the police car in Davis Ave , the steal commodore - white . Academy graduation photo of the two officer . J 's heart stop when he see the car . he notice Gus watch the report too . they eat in silence . the back door open . it 's nicky in school uniform , alicia where have you be , Nicole ? she round the table to J , kissing Andy 's cheek on the way . nicky detention . I tell you . she sit on J 's lap and pick at he plate . J be quiet . alicia no , you do not . nicky I do . you have to sign the form . gus I sign the form . ( continued ) 85 86 87 88 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 59 . continued : ( 2 ) nicky oh yeah . well then get angry at he for not tell you . I can not be have to tell both of you everything all the time . maybe you two should try communicate . J be not listen to a word of this . ext . freeway service station - night 85 Craig fill he tank at a country freeway service station . a cop car pull into a parking bay outside the store . two cop get out of the car . one take a good look at Craig as they walk inside the store . Craig look straight ahead at the pump display tick over . he turn to see the cop stand at the magazine stand . the bowser click off . he replace he petrol cap . he open the car door . on the floor of the passenger side be a pump-action shotgun . Craig grab he wallet and pull a towel over the shotgun . int . freeway service station - night 86 Craig enter the store . the cop be at the magazine stand . they look up . one look straight back at he magazine , the other 's gaze linger . Craig walk past they to the counter . craig just the petrol . the attendant check the pump display . Craig fidget . the curious cop watch he . attendant forty -five fifty . Craig produce a wad of cash from he pocket . the cop watch . the attendant watch . Craig be nervy . he leave fifty on the counter and head straight out . ext . freeway service station - night 87 Craig make the walk back to he car . behind we can see the two cop watch he through the store window . int . nicky 's bedroom / henry - emery house - day 88 J 's eye open . there be a knock at the bedroom door . the room be daylit . for a second he do not know where he be . ( continued ) 89 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 60 . continued : alicia ( 0.s. ) j? be you in there ? J fuck. ( loud ) yep . alicia ( 0.s. ) you uncle 's at the door . J I be come . nicky stir . she 's in she pyjamas . J shove she . J I tell you do not let I fall asleep . nicky roll over , awake but gummy - eye . J scrounge around on the floor for he shoe . nicky I fall asleep . J have find he shoe . J you get into you fuckin pjs . nicky I be still gonna wake you up . J head for the door . j's anxiety take nicky by surprise . int . henry -emery house - day 89 Darren wait in the front foyer , make small talk with alicia . J enter , hold he shoe . J hey . darren we gotta go . nicky enter , still half asleep . Darren eyebrow hello . nicky hey , daz . ( continued ) 90 91 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 61 . continued : darren ( shake alicia 's hand ) good to meet you . Darren and J head out the door . nicky stand in the doorway watch they go , rag-doll sleepy . alicia be apprehensive . alicia I do a lot for you , Nick . you be still at school and you be allow to have you boyfriend sleep over . that 's a big thing for I . I be not a bad person . nicky step to she and hug she sleepily . mum hug she back . ext . henry -emery house - day 90 Darren and J walk to the car . J carry shoe . he can see Pope in the passenger seat . J climb in the backseat . Pope do not even acknowledge J 's presence . J where be we go ? darren see we lawyer . Darren start the car . as it pull away , J notice Pope look at the house , Gus ' car in the driveway . int . ezra white's house - day 91 in the kitchen / sun room of a inner-city terrace house . ezra white ( 36 ) , be make plunger coffee . J , Pope , Darren and smurf sit nearby at the kitchen table . ezra this be really fuckin important , mate . I can not stress it enough . I need to know word for word . J they just keep on ask I a couple of question and I tell they I do not know , then they let I go . darren what be you do in there so long ? J nothing . they make I sit there with no one come in or anything . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 62 . continued : ezra good , ok . now I want you to listen carefully to this . from now on , mate I do not want you say anything . that mean nothing at all . no ' I do not know ' . no ' I be sleepy ' . you just refuse to answer question . you get that ? by law this cunt can not make you say anything . you do not even have to give they you name . ok ? it 's very important . do not let they push you around . just sit there in silence . at least till I get there . ezra take a seat at the table with J. ezra this go for you girlfriend too . what 's she name ? J n'cole . ezra Cole ? J nicole . ezra Nicole . this go for Nicole too . there 's thing you do not talk to girl about , mate . do not matter how special they be . do not matter what you have or have not do . they get scared . and they natter , you know ? they can not help it . it 's the way the world work . J look up at smurf and Darren and nod . ezra good on ya , mate . there 's really not much to understand . just , you know ... shut up . smurf be you clear with all that , honey ? J yep . ( continued ) 92 93 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 638 . continued : ( 2 ) ezra nothing to worry about . you want a drink ? I have get lot of different kind of drink . Pope watch J like a snake watch a mouse . ext . rural house - morning 92 a loud blast ring out . Craig laugh , hold a shotgun . he 's speed and have not sleep . he have just blast a chunk out of a old tree beside a isolate bush house . craig fuckin monster ! he aim and fire again , tear a hole in the tree 's trunk . craig can we go hunt this arvo ? richard collis ( 30 ) stand nearby , nervous , he arm fold over he dress gown . he 's wear gum boot . richard maybe . I get some thing I gotta do today . can you not blow my tree up ? craig it 's fuck . look at it . it 's write off . ( offer Richard the gun ) give it a whirl . richard it just need a good rain . my brekkie 's go cold . you wanna come inside ? Craig take aim and fire , tear into the tree again . int . kitchen / rural house - morning 93 Richard sit at the table , poke he breakfast . his wife dacinta stand behind , watch . they be wary of Craig at the table , tuning he radio scanner , scatter - brain . richard how long be you want to stay ? where 's Kelly ? craig we split up . Ages ago . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 64 . continued : richard shit , mate . craig yeah , it be mutual though , so it 's for the best and everything . ( be : the scanner ) stupid fuckin ... maybe I be too far out to get signal , d'ya think ? richard be everything ok , mate ? Craig do not respond . he keep fiddling . richard what 's with the scanner ? craig I 'il fight through , mate . i’1l fight through . dacinta exit , make stern eye contact with Richard . richard I think it 's fair enough to say , if you be gonna stay here for a while , you know , it 's only fair that you tell we what 's this all about ... be that fair ? craig I do not know what 's go on , mate . he work at the aerial while the scanner emit static . Richard 's dog be outside , barking . Craig stop fiddling and listen . not only can he hear the dog bark out in the yard , but he can hear they through the scanner as well . craig you hear that ? richard hear what ? craig I can hear you dog . Craig jump up and head outside . through the window , Richard can see he walk close around the outside of the house , examine the wall and window . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 65 . continued : ( 2 ) dacinta what 's go on ? richard I do not know . dacinta tell he he can not stay here . richard I can not tell he anything . then , through the scanner , they hear Craig 's voice . craig ( 0.s. ) you cunt motherfucker ! after a loud crunch , the scanner return to steady static . Craig burst back in , near hysterical , dangle wire . craig what the fuck be this , Rich ? richard what be it ? I do not know ! craig it 's a bug . there 's a bug on you fuckin house . richard I do not know about it . craig bull-fuckin-shit , Rich ! how could there be a bug on you house within like , 24 hour of I tell you I be come ? richard maybe they be tapping you phone or something . I do not know how it get there . I be not lie . craig fuck ! Craig grab he shotgun and pace . craig fuck ! ( continued ) 94 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 66 . continued : ( 3 ) his eye fill with childlike despair . Richard and dacinta be both wary of the shotgun he hold by he side . craig what I be suppose to do now ? richard I do not know , mate . maybe you should think about leave . dacinta what 's go on ? Craig pace , then stop , on the verge of tear . craig maybe I should get outta here . Craig pick he bag off the ground . he sweep he scanner into it and look around the room . craig what else do I bring ? ext . rural house - day 94 the screen door swing open , smack against the front of the house . Craig stumble down off the porch and open the back door of he car , throw he bag inside . he scramble around in the backseat for shotgun shell . he begin load they into the shotgun , fumble , drop they . his ear prick . he see a convoy of unmark police car approach fast down the long , dirt drive . he crouch against the car and load more shell . he look to the house in panic . Richard 's at the window , look back . Craig stand and run into the bush behind the house . the car come to a stop at the house . detective with shotgun climb out and chase Craig into the bush . Craig breathes heavy , sprinting through the undergrowth . he trip , smash he knee into a log . he squeal in pain and get to he foot . he try to run but can not , hobble . he turn , raise he gun . detective be close behind . they stop and fire . Craig be hammer by a blast and knock down . silence but for singing bird and the echo of gunshot . detective , gun by they side , approach Craig 's bloody body face down in the dirt . 95 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 67 . int . kitchen / brown - sayle house - day 95 Pope stand hold evie like he 's never hold a baby before . cath search the fridge , nervous and drunk pope where should I put this ? catherine just set she back down . Pope set evie down in she a bassinet and let she grip he finger . cath fix a drink at the kitchen bench . she put the lid back on a bottle of tonic . pope be not you get I a drink ? cath shake she head . pope why not ? catherine I do not know I want you to stay . cath sip nervously , look out the window . Pope watch she . catherine I want free of this shit , I think . pope what shit ? catherine see that little thing you be poke like she 's a dog ? her dad 's dead . pope everything 's good now . catherine stop say everything 's good . what 's good now ? I get cop on my door all hour of the fuckin night . when do the good bit start ? Pope step to she . he take the drink out of she hand and pull she close . she 's uncomfortable . they almost imperceptibly slow dance for a moment . Pope whisper . ( continued ) 96 97 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision continued : pope you be not think of do anything stupid , be you ? cath push he away . catherine get the fuck out of my house . Pope stand awkward , stare . cath hold she ground . Pope exit . cath pick up she drink and sip , unnerve . flinch as the door slam . ext . brown -sayle house - day Pope head down the drive . a neighbour water he lawn . pope what the fuck be you look at ? int . leckie' house - day 68 . she 96 97 leckie be sit on a kid 's tricycle . his six year - old son , who have down syndrome , be try to get he off it . leckie laugh . his son get mad . leckie 's mobile phone ring . leckie' wife prepare food behind he , slide the phone across the counter to he . leckie drop it , pick it up and answer . leckie g'day , mate . norris ( over ) Craig cody 's go , mate . leckie what ? how ? leckie stand and move away from he family . norris ( over ) he find the listen device in bendigo . he sound unhinge , so we go in to apprehend he and he lose the plot . we have to drop he . leckie why do not anyone call I ? I would have get the special Operations Group up there . ( continued ) 98 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision continued : norris ( over ) no time for that , mate . he just lose the plot . leckie ok , gimme a sec . gimme a sec to think ... leckie pace . int . kitchen / cody house - day 69 . 98 smurf sit numb on the kitchen floor . she 's be cry . J crouch beside she with a glass of water . Pope pace . smurf ( to J , close ) I be have trouble find my positive spin . I be usually very good at it usually it 's right there and I can just have it . but I be have trouble find it now . pope this be what I be try to say . I do not know why people do not listen . if you have not get in he ear about hand himself over , there would be none of all this carry on . ( to J ) and if you have not have go to you girlfriend 's house instead of come home after . do you think about that when you be do it ? you have go and spook he . both of you . and now look . smurf lift herself up , walk to Pope and mechanically punch he in the face . Pope flinch . he look surprised . she punch he again . he almost cower like a kid . pope do not take it out on I . I do not kill he . smurf I think that 's what we do . we take it out on whoever show up . smurf punch again . he grab she arm . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 70 . continued : pope do not . J watch from the floor , anxious . J leave she alone . Pope 's attention shift to J. smurf ( look at Pope , calm ) I be alright , J. J just relax . pope come here , mate . smurf do not you touch he . J have not move . he 's scared . Pope be menacingly calm . pope come here , mate . J relax . pope come here . smurf stop be a child . Pope release smurf and go for J. J scuttle across the floor and out of the kitchen . 99 int . hall / cody house - day 99 J scurries into the hall , Pope close behind . as J reach the front door , the bell ring . J and Pope stop . they stand confuse . J look back , then open the door . it 's leckie . leckie hi , josh . I have come to talk to you . I have get some bad news . pope he know the bad news . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 71 . continued : leckie notice the tense atmosphere in the hall . leckie be everything ok here ? pope everything 's great here . leckie be you alright , josh ? smurf enter the hall , strangely calm . smurf he 's fine , Mr leckie . leckie ( to J ) I would like you to come down to St kilda Road with I . pope what 's he do ? tell I and I will make sure he get discipline . leckie will you come with I now ? pope what do you wanna ask he about ? ask I . leckie ( to Pope ) we will speak to you again at a later time , when we be ready . will you come with I , josh ? pope I might have some info for you about that murder police . I have be ask some people and there 's a few theory float around . I do not know if they be true or not , but at least it could maybe help you with you investigation . leckie ignore Pope . he concentrate on J. leckie will you come with I , josh ? ( continued ) 100 101 102 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 72 . continued : ( 2 ) smurf ( to J ) you go , love . I will call ezra . go get you shoe . J hesitates , then disappear past Pope , into the house . int . lounge / cody house - day 100 J sit on the couch and put on he sneaker . Pope enter . pope sorry if we have some confusion there before . it 's crazy time . J ignore he and keep tie he lace . pope you be not alone on this . you know that , yeah ? J stand and move to leave . Pope stop he . pope yeah ? J nod . Pope hug he . J feel deep discomfort . pope we will get through this . int . hall / cody house - day 101 smurf and leckie stand awkward at the front door together . leckie I be not presently in a position to discuss what happen today , but I can arrange for counsell service to visit should you require any . leckie know he word be empty , but he feel compel to say something . smurf watch he with calm , eerie contempt . J appear again with Pope and step out beside leckie . smurf ( quiet , to leckie ) I hope you find the killer . int . interview room / police complex - day 102 leckie open he folder . J sit at a table beside ezra . ezra fidget with he phone . ( continued ) continued : Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 73. leckie this be a record of interview between detective senior sergeant Nathan leckie and joshua Daniel cody . present be solicitor ezra White . josh , you be under no obligation to say anything at this time but anything you do say can be use in future court appearance . do you understand that ? J sit silent . ezra look up , distract . ezra he understand that . leckie pick up where we leave off , when we last speak , you be tell we how upset you uncle be over the death of Barry Brown . can you recall exactly what be say at that time ? J sit silent , but can already feel leckie digging a hole for he . leckie wait for J to respond . he do not . leckie josh , have Mr White provide you with advice in respect to how should conduct yourself in this interview today ? ezra he will be remain mute . leckie I can appreciate you have be advise not to say anything to I , but the sooner you help we with we enquiry the sooner we can scratch you off the list and move on to a different line . do you understand that ? you do not want to tell we any more ? be that correct ? J stay silent . silence . leckie be there any further statement you wish to make in relation to this matter ? ( continued ) 103 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision continued : ( 2 ) leckie ok , then . ezra ok , then . I gotta fly . int . lounge / cody house - evening 74 . 103 Pope , Darren and ezra be in the lounge . Pope sit . Darren stand , uneasy . ezra do line of coke on the mantlepiece and set about get change out of he suit and into tennis gear . ezra I dunno . it do not have a good feel about it . leckie run the whole ' yesterday you be very helpful 's routine . that be probably for my benefit , but I dunno . he 's a kid . kid be stupid . they be weak . he may think he 's do the right thing but really he foot 's cover in dog shit and he 's get it stick right in he mouth . I be pretty surprised you have let he get anywhere near you to be honest . Pope be stare blankly at Darren . pope I tell you to get that car . Darren look at Pope incredulous . darren what be you talk about ? pope I tell you to get that car . darren what be you talk about ? no you fuckin do not . you never mention the car to I once . ezra I do not want to hear any of this . you just gotta start worry about what he 's do . darren he know how to handle himself . ( continued ) 104 105 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 75 . continued : ezra yeah , that 's good , mate . do he know how to handle police ? totally different kettle of fish . darren what be we suppose to do ? ezra I have be keep a eagle eye on he . I can tell you that much . where be he now ? int . hall / cody house - evening 104 J stand behind the lounge door in the hall , listen . darren ( 0.s. ) in he room , with he girlfriend . ezra ( 0.s. ) be he ? what 's she do here ? be he talk to she ? darren ( 0.s. ) how should I know ? ezra ( 0.s. ) I can not help you with the how part , mate . you should just be think about this stuff . darren ( 0.s. ) why 's he my responsibility now ? J scamper quietly down the hall to he room . int . j’s bedroom / cody house - evening 105 J enter and push the door shut . nicky 's on the bed , talk to a friend on she phone . J sit on the bed and watch she . nicky ok , call I back . nicky hang up . she smile at J. he smile back . nicky 's phone ring . she let it ring a few time , then answer . there 's a light knock at the door . Darren stick he head in . darren hey . 106 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 76 . int . hall / cody house - evening 106 J and Darren in the hall , speak furtively . J you know I be not tell they anything . darren the cop be serious about this thing and they be onto you like a rash and if you stick close by , everyone 's 1l keep calm . you know ? J what be I suppose to do ? darren how should I know ? fuck . go sit in you room and do some colour in . the bedroom door open . nicky hold she phone out for J . nicky danielle want to tell you something . J can you give we a minute here ? nicky what 's go on ? J do not be a fuckin sticky beak J force she back into the room . nicky danielle want to talk to you . J I will talk to she in a minute . J shut the door . Darren lead J further down the hall . darren maybe you do not wanna hear this , I dunno , but I would think pretty hard about give she the sack . I do not know what you have or have not tell she ... J I have not tell she anything . ( continued ) 107 continued : for the fi Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 77 . darren life ’1ll be easier if she 's cut loose . believe I . especially for you . I mean , get she outta here . she should not be hang round here right now . J this 's get nothing to do with I . darren mate , everything 's get to do with everyone ... you know ? rst time , J can see that Darren be scared . darren you understand it ? int . bowling alley - night 107 J and nicky at a table . j's on edge . nicky be quietly distress . silence , then - J maybe it 's only for a while . I just need some space and that . nicky for what ? J for all the thing I gotta do . nicky like what ? J there 's a bunch of thing . nicky like what ? J some work thing . nicky like what ? J Business arrangement . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 78 . continued : nicky you be just make shit up . a pasty guy tap J 's shoulder . J turn . the guy crouch . pasty guy mate , do you know where Craig be ? J he 's not here . pasty guy you sure ? have you see he ? J he 's not here . pasty guy do you know if he 's come later ? he say he be gonna meet I here . J he 's not here . he 's not come . pasty guy can you help I out ? nicky throw she drink over the guy , stare at he defiantly . the guy stand , drench , then move on nicky . pasty guy you little slut . J stand and confront the guy . J do not be fuck around in here . pasty guy I be all fuckin soggy now . J what would I just say to you ? pasty guy look at my fuckin pants . J what would I just say to you ? J get a sudden look at the fear he power - by-association instil in other . the guy back away , contrite . J watch he a second , then turn back to nicky who be now cry . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 79 . continued : ( 2 ) J please do not cry . nicky do you love I ? J look around the bar . nicky 's lip tremble . nicky do you love I ? J yeah . nicky why ? J you be nice . tear run down she cheek . she stare at he , eye flooding . J want she to calm down . people be watch . J please stop cry . nicky cry , angry . J please . just stop cry . J 's shoulder be tapped again . he turn . it 's leckie . J immediately scan the room . J what the fuck ? leckie we need to talk . J no we do not . leckie ( to nicky ) be you alright ? J she 's fine . nicky be I , fuckwit ? ( continued ) 108 109 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 80 . continued : ( 3 ) nicky get up . J where be you go ? nicky ignore he . leckie watch she walk away . J just go away . please . leckie we can talk here or outside . J look around the bar , suddenly suspicious of everyone . J there 's nothing to talk about . leckie ok then , I be arrest you . J what for ? eye in the bar train on the commotion . leckie you be seventeen and you be drink , that 's good enough for I . J ( incredulous ) gimme a fuckin break . leckie you want I to make a scene ? J do not want a scene . he stand . leckie lead he to the door . eye track they closely . ext . zanoni HOTEL - night 108 leckie lead J across the street to a car . norris be behind the wheel . int . zanoni HOTEL / bathroom - night 109 nicky stare at herself in the mirror , she face red , crumpled and detach . she apply lipstick , drunk and sloppy . 110 141 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 81. int . hall / cody house - night 110 a insistent banging at the front door . Pope walk the hall and open it . nicky be there , compose but upset . nicky be J here ? pope ( pause , think fast ) he 's go to the shop . he 'il be back in a tick . come in . Pope step aside , let nicky enter and close the door . int . lounge / cody house - night 111 Darren be smoking a bong . he 's surprised and discomfite by nicky 's arrival . she 's drunk , ineptly flirtatious . nicky do he say how long he have be ? pope not long . where you be tonight ? nicky down at the Zanoni . pope yeah ? what 's go on down there ? nicky nothing much really . pope be anyone you know down there ? who would you talk to ? nicky nobody 's there that I know . Pope study she momentarily . pope you want a drink ? nicky thanks . yeah . nicky sit . Darren exhales bong smoke , wary . Pope exit to the kitchen , leave nicky with Darren . awkward silence . Darren have a bad feel about she be here . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision continued : nicky how 's thing ? darren I do not know where J be . I dunno if he 's come back anytime soon . 82 . Pope enter with drink and a syringe . he hand a drink to Nick . pope J will not be long . he open he beer , sip . he hold up the syringe . pope I be have a shot . you want a shot ? nicky what be it ? pope it 's fun . darren she just want to go home . pope it 's fun . have some . Pope crouch before she . he smile . he rub she arm gently and slip the needle in . nicky look up at he . he pull the needle out and watch she . second pass , she eye droop . pope have you be talk to the cop ? nicky what ? about what ? nicky droops , scratch she nose . Pope be tender with she pope about anything . nicky no . it 's none of my business . pope yeah it be . it 's you business when you be in love , be not it ? when you whisper in each other 's ear . I just get a call from someone say he see you talk to the cop . ( continued ) 112 113 114 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 83 . continued : ( 2 ) nicky cop . pope who be you talk to ? darren what be you do this for , Pope ? pope it 's ok . you can tell I about the cop , honey . Pope watch she . she can barely keep she eye open . darren Pope . her eye close . he watch she , then hold he hand over she nose and mouth . she struggle weakly . a uncomfortably long time pass before she go limp . he take he hand away , watch she . he stroke she hair and stand . darren what the fuck ? pope you be do it again , Darren . you have smoke yourself silly , think something 's go on . ext . country motel - night 112 leckie 's car pull into the car park of a country motel , dark and quiet . norris escort J to one of the room . int . country motel - night 113 leckie motion for J to sit on the bed . he check inside the bathroom . norris stand over J. J why be I here ? leckie for you safety . get some sleep . leckie and norris exit . J be leave alone . ext . back yard / cody house - night 114 Pope emerge from the back door carry nicky 's body . her arm and hair hang . her ringed finger dangle . ( continued ) 115 116 117 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 84 . continued : Pope lay she down gently on the concrete . he take a sheet of corrugate iron against the fence and pull it over she . he sit . he adjust the iron with he foot and pat the dog . ext . country motel - night 115 camera move slowly towards the motel , dark , no pass traffic , only two car park outside room . dog bark . int . motel room - night 116 camera track slow through the room . it look unoccupy . the bed be still make . through to the bathroom . J sit on the edge of the bath . his hand shake . int . motel room - day 117 the room be daylit . J be curl on top of the cover , fully clothed , shoe too . a drop of water land on he face . his eye open . he stare , startle but still . norris sit on a chair right beside the bed with a glass . J do not move . he watch norris . norris you want a sip of my drink ? J can see a shotgun lean against the wall . norris what 's the matter ? no response . norris be you scared ? ( beat ) be you scared of I ? J do not move . norris that can not feel too fuckin good . the door open . leckie enter with coffee and bananas . leckie bananas . leckie put the food down and pull the curtain open . he see J lie prone . he sense something strange . ( continued ) 118 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 85 . continued : norris we be still a bit sleepy . leckie see the shotgun against the wall . he stay calm . leckie ( to J ) hey , let 's go sit outside a bit . J do not move . the atmosphere be tense . leckie reassure . leckie c'mon . just you and I . ext . motel - day 118 leckie lead J , squinting in sunlight , around the side of the motel . leckie sit at a crappy table and chair set by a swim pool . he think a moment , then look up at J . leckie you wanna take a seat ? I be stare straight into the sun . J I do not wanna talk to you . leckie you do not have to . let I talk . you can sit and listen . leckie sit a pebble on he knee and wait . J sit . leckie you know what the bush be about ? it 's about massive tree that have be stand for thousand of year and bug that will be dead before the minute 's out . J sit , face in hand . leckie flick the pebble off he knee . leckie it 's big tree and pissy little bug . the way it work , if we be stand here a few million year ago , maybe the whole forest would be full of impractical animal and soft juicy plant that animal eat like ice cream . ( more ) ( continued ) - GREEN revision 86 . continued : but that be never gonna work , so now it 's about super - efficient animal and hard thorny plant and everything know it 's place in the scheme of thing . everything sit in the order somewhere . thing survive cause they be strong and everything reach a understanding . leckie , eye down , give J a moment to take this in . leckie but not everything survive because it 's strong . some creature be weak but they survive because they be protect by the strong . for one reason or other . leckie take another moment . leckie you might think , because of the circle you have be move in or whatever , that you be a strong creature . but you be not . you be one of the weak creature . and that 's nothing against you . you be weak because you be young . you have survive because you have be protect by the strong . but they be not strong anymore and they certainly be not protect you. ( beat ) I have a son with down syndrome . you know what that be ?... he 's six . he would not last a day out here by himself . but he do not have to . because I be look out for he . and he let I look out for he . leckie watch J. J stare at the ground . leckie we be here because we know who you be and we know what you have do . ( beat ) you feel like you be in a tough situation . but you have a out . there 's nothing you uncle can do to squirm out of this . Craig 's learn it the hard way . but you be not one of they . you know that . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 119 120 - GREEN revision 87 . continued : ( 2 ) they be tell you talk to I be betray you family , but they have betrayed you . you be out here deal with we right now . that 's all the proof you need . and you be in danger . do not be confuse about it . I think you know . and I think you know I can help you . but I can not keep offer . you gotta decide . you gotta work out where you fit . J want help , but can not look up . J ( unconvincing ) I do not know why you be tell I all this . leckie watch J. leckie yeah , you do . leckie watch J another moment , then stand . leckie we be go home . he head back to the motel . J finally raise he head and watch leckie walk . J do not want to go home at all . leckie ( 0.s. ) Justin . we be leave . int . car - day 119 leckie and norris be quiet . J stare out the back window not know what he 's head home to . the car be on the freeway . the dark shape of the city skyline loom in the distance . int . lounge / cody house - day 120 Pope be watch tv , jiggling he leg . smurf ( 0.s. ) I can tell you one thing ... smurf appear in the kitchen doorway wear rubber glove . smurf you can say what you like about Craig , but at least he be clean . ( turn ) hi , sweetie . where have you be ? ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 88 . continued : J have enter from the hall , nervous . Pope watch he . J I have be at nicky 's house . pope yeah ? how be she ? J she 's good , yeah . J head to the bedroom . the phone ring . Pope watch J. 121 int . kitchen / cody house - day 121 J stand in the bedroom . smurf ( 0.s. ) we should do a little shopping . that fridge be starve to death . J 's anxious . he can hear Pope on the phone in the other room . pope ( 0.s. ) he 's here . he 's just walk in . J look through the window to the backyard . Daisy sniff around the sheet of corrugate iron . pope ( 0.s. ) fuckin take it easy , Darren . J step slowly to a back door . he can see a bracelet stick out from under the iron . 122 ext . back yard / cody house - day 122 J walk apprehensively to the iron sheet . he pick up the bracelet . it 's nicky 's . he look at the iron . a tuft of hair be catch on its edge . j's heart race . J shift the iron . it bang on the cement . nothing underneath . J pull he phone from he pocket and dial a number . he wait . and then nicky 's distinctive ringtone sound from inside the house . the back door crack open as Pope charge from the house and across the back yard towards J. J run to the back fence , climb it nimbly into the lane behind the house . 123 124 125 126 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 89 . ext . laneway / street - day 123 J tear down the laneway . Pope appear behind he , clamber over the fence and give chase . they fly into street traffic then down another lane . Pope narrow the gap , then J turn a corner . by the time Pope round the corner , J be go . int . henry -emery house - day 124 Gus be at the kitchen table do paperwork . Andy play video game . he look up , hearing a thump at the back door . J be outside , dishevel and anxious . Gus open the door J sorry . gus Nick be not here . be everything ok ? Gus step out the way , let J enter . gus Nick do not come home last night . we think she be with you . J I think she be gonna stay at danielle 's . I be just gonna go the toilet if that 's ok ? int . bathroom / henry - emery house - day 125 J shut the door . he sit on the close toilet seat . he see : nicky 's pajamas in a heap on the floor ; make - up strewn around . j's heart race . he cry . int . kitchen / cody house - day 126 Darren stand with smurf hold he car key . Pope enter through the back door , catch he breath , still on fire . pope where do the girl live ? what 's she address ? darren why - smurf what 's wrong , dear ? ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 90 . continued : pope ( anger building ) what 's she address ? darren you go there . we go there the other day . pope ( enraged ) I fuckin forget ! tell I what 's the fuckin girl 's house ! 127 int . bathroom / henry - emery house - day 127 J rinse and dry he face . and then he phone start ringing loud in he pocket . he pull it out , answer it . J Darren ? darren ( over ) you gotta get out of there . Pope just leave here in a bad way . I think he 's head over there . J how do he know where I be ? darren ( over ) I dunno . just get out of there . 128 int . henry -emery house - day 128 J enter the live area again . he be frighten . he do not want to leave Gus and Andy in the house with Pope on the way . J can you give I a lift somewhere ? gus I dunno , J. I have get work to do . J it 's just that I be late . to the shop would be good . Gus consider J 's disposition . gus I should get out of the house , I suppose . give we a minute . ( continued ) 129 130 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 91 . continued : Gus exit , leave J stand , anxious , watch Andy with he video game . Gus return with Andy 's shoe . gus hey , buddy . we be go for a ride . J want the whole process to hurry up . shoe on , Gus and Andy head to the back door . J follow . int . garage / henry - emery house - day 129 the car be in the garage , dark . J get in the passenger seat wait anxious , as Gus get Andy into the back seat Gus get behind the wheel . he start the engine and press the garage door controller in the glove box . the door rise slowly . sunlight stream in . Gus back the car out . i/e. gus 's car - day 130 J look down the street . it 's empty . Gus put the car in drive and move off . J crane around to look out the back window , down the street . then - crack . the car be clipped hard from the front . it spin wildly , then come to a rest . through the window , J can see Pope behind the wheel of Darren 's car , undoing he seat belt . Pope 's car be jamme between Gus 's car and another park in the street . Pope can not open any door - he 's trap inside . J clamber into the backseat , past Gus who be daze , blood trickle down he forehead . J stumble out the backdoor into the street . he look back . he lock eye with Gus , who look back at he , vacant . and then everything slow . J notice moment - a neighbour in a dress gown . J run . music cue ... int . supermarket - day J sit on a bench , mobile in hand . leckie and two detective walk through the supermarket , handgun discreetly draw . they find J and help he up . int . car park / police complex - day a car appear under the rollerdoor to a underground carpark . J be lead from the car to the elevator . surrounded by detective in suit with gun , the elevator door close . 131 133 134 136 139 140 141 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 92 . ext . railway embankment - day 131 nicky 's body be slump in long grass beside railway track . int . henry - emery house / kitchen - day 133 Gus be on the phone . alicia 's on she knee , cry beside he . Andy stand alone watch , distress and confuse . int . brown -sayle house / lounge - day 134 Catherine hold evie , stare through the curtain window . int . darren' apartment - day 136 Pope and Darren be cuffed on the floor , neither talk . Darren be anguish , Pope stony - face . int . cody house - day smurf sit at the kitchen table dunking a tea bag , while plain clothes and uniform police move around she . int . car - day 139 leckie drive alone on a desolate outer suburban street . he pull up outside a nondescript brick house . end music . ext . safe house 1 - day 140 leckie walk to the front door of the house and knock . voice ( 0.s. ) who be it ? leckie detective senior sergeant leckie . the sound of lock be undone precede the door open . int . front hall / safe house 1 - day 141 leckie enter . at the door be a unfriendly protective Security Group ( psg ) officer in sweatshirt , jeans , sneaker . leckie how be you ? door psg alright . leckie where be he ? 142 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 93. int . lounge / safe house 1 - day 142 leckie enter . J be watch tv . a psg sit behind he , also watch . the air be cold , the room barren , barely furnish . leckie ( to lounge psg ) can you leave we for a bit ? the lounge psg exit . leckie shut the door behind he , then sit opposite J. J ignore he , stare at the tv. leckie how you go ? leckie speak quietly . J do not respond . leckie have any threat be make against you ? J do not respond . leckie in you last record of interview you tell detective foulk you be get grief from you minder . now I can have you move somewhere else . I can have new protective Security Group officer appoint . but you have to tell I this . I can not be hearing it from other people . J I wanna know what 's gonna happen after all this , about where I be gonna live and my new name and that . leckie you x11 be look after . do not worry about that . I be more concerned with how happy you be now . do you want I to move you ? do you want I to appoint new psg ? J do not respond . he stare at the tv . leckie yes or no be all I need . J nod . ( continued ) 143 144 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 94 . continued : leckie ok . the earliest I can make this happen be tomorrow morning . will you be alright here tonight ? J nod . leckie stand , put a hand on J 's shoulder . leckie exit the room , shutting the door behind he . int . front hall / safe house 1 - day 143 the head psg be wait in the foyer with the door psg . head psg you can not just turn up here . you want to see he in future , you need to make proper arrangement for that to take place somewhere else . leckie I would really like to follow the rule but it do not seem like anyone else be . head psg what 's that suppose to mean ? leckie why be I explain this to you ? he 's with we . I know you be emotional , but he 's with we now , which be no guarantee he will be with we tomorrow . I should not have to be say this . but for some reason right now I feel like I have to explain it to you . why be that ? head psg I really appreciate you help with my job , mate . I really do . I know how busy you be . I think it would be best if you skedaddle now . leckie do not want this man as enemy . he exit . head psg yeah , that 's right . off you fuck faggot . int . lounge / safe house 1 - day 144 J sit . the lounge psg enter with a dog bowl and can of dog food . he put the bowl on the coffee table in front of J and empty the can into the bowl . he tap the can with a spoon . ( continued ) 145 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 95 . continued : lounge psg dinner 's ready , cunt . J ignore he and the bowl and continue stare at the tv . he hear men laughing in another room . int . prison visitation area - day 145 Pope sit behind grubby perspex . Darren be just behind he , quiet . smurf be on the other side of the glass . smurf ezra say do not get you hope up about the committal . pope he say there be still string he could pull . smurf they be all pull . smurf be concerned about Darren 's non-communication . smurf ( to Darren , softly ) how be you keep , hon ? Darren do not respond . he 's obviously not keep well . pope what do he say about whomping that bail application in ? be he on this thing or what ? smurf Darren , honey ? say something . pope answer she . Darren start cry quietly . smurf what 's go on in here ? be you look after you brother ? pope ( to Darren ) say hi to mum , sook . ( to smurf ) what do ez say about whomping that bail application in ? ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 96 . continued : smurf what do you think he say ? it 's be whomp . you be not get bail . what on Earth make you think you might get bail ? what do you think you be in here for ? pope oh , fuckin do not start up again . smurf if you let anything happen to he in here ... pope what . what be you gonna do , mum ? smurf watch Darren . she knock lightly on the perspex . smurf Darren honey , talk to mum . 146 ext . safe house 1 - dawn 146 all be quiet . the garage door open . two sedan emerge . on the street , they peel away in opposite direction . 147 int . tinted - windowed sedan - dawn 147 the car drive . leckie be in back , with another detective . J sit between they , bent over in ' crash position ' . 148 int / ext - ezra' car ( stationery ) - day 148 smurf stand in a city street talk to ezra , who sit in he 4 - wheel drive . smurf 's in fur coat , big sunglass ; ezra ina suit . he read a small scrap of paper . ezra you sure this be the address he 's be move to ? how do you get this ? smurf that 's the address . ezra get in the car . smurf get in the passenger seat . ezra you really want to go down that road ? we be still work on it . ( more ) ( continued ) 149 Kingdom - GREEN revision 97 . continued : ezra ( cont ' D ) ( be : the address ) where do you get this ? smurf I have be around a long time , sweetie . j's turn . he 's not come back . even if the boy get off , I will not see he again . I will not let Darren rot in that place . if they go down , that 's it I have get no one leave . ezra consider this , unsure , look at the piece of paper . smurf J 's go either way . we need to set up a meeting . be you office safe ? int . ezra white 's office - day 149 ezra be at he desk . on a couch be detective roache , Craig 's drug squad contact from the pet store . smurf sit beside he . roache I know you have get a problem , janine . but I do not see how this mess you boy be in have anything to do with I . if you have call I in here to see if there 's string I can pull , you be way off course . smurf do not respond . she fiddle with she purse . roache be that what this be about ? smurf hey randall , before you go on , this boy who 's currently be look after , tell I if you agree with this this boy who 's be look after - he know who you be . roache look to ezra . ezra watch roache . smurf and you know how this thing go . they will ask he all sort of question , about everything he 's ever see or do and everyone he 's ever meet . the whole shemozzle . and you have do some bad thing , sweetie ... have not you ?... ( more ) ( continued ) Animal kipagiom - GREEN revision 98 . continued : smurf ( cont I want this part to be clear so you be not think this be about you do I a favour or I be blackmail you or anything like that . it 's just a bad situation for everyone . roache look to ezra who remain impassive . roache drop he eye . smurf pause . she know she 's order J 's execution . smurf ezra have the address . I do not think it should be hard to set up a raid on the house . there have be reasonable grounds with all the strange activity and coming and going day and night , and maybe a neighbour spot a gun somewhere . this be you field of expertise . I do not mean to tell you how to suck egg . what do you think ? roache be now massage he face . roache I really do not see how anything can be do . smurf randall . ( beat ) I feel sick right now . I be not happy about this at all . not one bit . but we do what we must . just because we do not want to do it do not mean it can not be do . roache look up at ezra , who be doodling on a note pad . 150 int . kitchen / safe house 2 - day 150 J and leckie in the kitchen of a new suburban safe house . J be at the stove stir a pot . leckie pull a jar from a plastic shopping bag and screw its lid open . leckie this be the stuff . this vietnamese noodle soup place on Russell St make it . smell that . leckie put the jar under J 's nose . J recoil . leckie that 's real chilli sauce . J laugh . his nostril be burn . ( continued ) 151 152 153 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 99 . continued : leckie I do not say suck it in . I say give it a whiff . leckie screw the lid back on and grab he key and wallet . leckie alright , I have to take off . keep the noodle in the stock for another minute or two . I would say . or just taste they - whenever they be ready . and then pull it off and chuck the rest in . yeah ? J yep . do I need to keep stir ? leckie no . just pull it off in a minute . ok . top work . I will see you later . J keep stir . J see ya later . int . safe house 2 - day 151 tom , a new psg , sit in a chair by the front door with a Magazine . the house be quiet . J be in the lounge watch tv and eat noodle soup . he 's struggle with chopstick . psg santo , signal urgently to Tom towards the front door . Tom peer outside through the blind . across the street , two man in sneaker and jeans creep towards the house carry shotgun . then , two more appear tom fuck . ext . safe house 2 - day 152 roache hold back , still on the far side of the street . he have a shotgun . he 's edgy . he cross the street warily . int . safe house 2 - day 153 psg Tom , Santo and gary be now at the front door , gun draw . Tom peek through the blind . four people creep towards the house . J hang back , watch from a doorway . ( continued ) 154 155 156 157 158 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 100 . continued : tom they look like cop . gary Jesus Christ . what be we do ? J back away into the house . ext . safe house 2 - day 154 as officer approach the house , roache peel away alone , down the side of the house , gun ready . he know where he 's go . int . safe house 2 - day 155 the psg be panicked . Gary look through the blind . santo fuck it . we surrender . gary there 's about six of they . tom I be pretty sure they be cop . santo I be not fight a war . there 's no way I be fight a war over some fuckwit kid . fuck it , I will shoot he myself . int . bedroom & bathroom / safe house 2 - day 156 J cross through the bedroom to the en-suite bathroom . he climb onto the toilet seat and open the window . int . safe house 2 - day 157 Santo put he gun down and kneel , hand behind he head . Tom do the same . ext . safe house 2 - day 158 J crouch on the window ledge . he look around to see roache approach . they lock eye . J jump onto the neighbour fence . roache raise he gun , but J be go . roache fuck ! ( into walkie - talkie ) abort ! they be cop ! fuck ! 159 160 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 101 . ext . suburban backyard - day 159 J run through a neighbour backyard . two boy he own age stand beside a swim pool in board short . they look up at he , stunne , as he pass . int . smurf apartment - day 160 smurf prepare cookie mix . a old lady , helen , sit at the kitchen table read a magazine . smurf oh goodness , no . I do not like he . his tooth be crooked . helen I do not care for he . smurf you would have think the executive at that station , if they need a new host for they show , they could find someone with straighter tooth . knock at the door . smurf wipe she hand , go to answer it smurf I do not mind he personality , but he mouth be very off-putte . smurf answer the door . J be there . smurf oh my goodness . J I need to talk to you . smurf what be you do here ? J be anyone inside ? smurf my neighbour helen 's here , love . J I need to talk to you . I be gonna get Pope out of jail . I can not live like this . Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 102 . i/e . smurf apartment - day J lead smurf to a quiet spot just outside she flat . J I wanna set up a meeting with ezra and that barrister from the committal . smurf of course . ok . J I do not trust ezra . I be not go to anyone 's house . it have to be somewhere public . but it also have to be somewhere that no one we know would go . smurf ok , honey . ok . I be just glad you home . int . national gallery of victoria - day J , ezra , smurf and barrister JOHN hopper sit on bench in the middle of a major hall of the art gallery . Hopper observe occasionally glance at the art around he . J I be not come home . ezra mate , if you really want to help the boy , come home 's the thing to do . J I be not come home . I be not safe there . smurf yes , you be , dear . J I be not . I be not safe in witness protection either , but I would rather take my chance there . smurf you will be safe at home , honey . J you can not promise I that . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 103 . continued : smurf I can . I can . J I be not come home . I be go back there . I be just here to let you know that I be gonna help . smurf look to Hopper . Hopper shrug , lean back hopper I think J 's make he position clear . where that leave we now be to decide how best to proceed give the brave offer of assistance he 's make . ( beat ) this thing 's go to trial , with or without J. that 's a give . what we want be to win it . what I like about the committal hearing - despite the fact that we have be order to stand trial , of course - but what I like about the committal be that , for the most part , they case look pretty flimsy to I , largely dependent on testimony that should not be too hard to discredit I would not have think . and if the committal be any indicator , J here 's they little star . if he 's not there , they will need to strengthen they brief with something else , which they will do . and they will have the time to do it . and I would personally rather tackle the evidence I see at the committal than whatever rejigge brief they come up with should J suddenly decide to leave . you know what I mean ? ( to J ) so now we should just make proper use of the time we have . we will need to go over a bunch of thing here . like , for instance , this whole business of the car you claim you steal and that you claim you see on the tv . it be just a white car be not it ? million of white car in the world . why be that one so familiar ? probably look very similar to that one that guy drive on that show , some show you watch all the time . you know ? ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 161 162 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision continued : ( 2 ) now , we also want to make sure you do not perjure yourself in the process mate , so we need to be careful how we play it . this may involve you have to answer some question about the death of Nicole . my guess be you may not like it . do you think you will be ok with it ? J I will be fine with it . ext . safe house - night 104 . 161 J walk the drive to the safe house . New model car park outside . the front door be bust . J enter . int . safe house - night 162 the house feel crowded with man in suit who fall silent as J enter . leckie push to the front and lead J by the arm into the kitchen . he 's clearly be worried . leckie where have you be ? J hiding . leckie you should not have leave the house . where do you go ? J I be hide . leckie it be the drug squad who raid the house today . they would be tell something funny be go on here . ok ? it be a mix up . you be in no danger I need you to understand that . J ok . leckie do anyone see you today ? J no. leckie be you sure ? ( continued ) 163 164 165 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 105 . continued : J nobody see I . leckie look frazzle . he put he hand on J 's shoulder . int . service apartment - day 163 J stand look out the floor - to-ceil window of a high -rise service apartment at the city sprawling to the horizon . he be dress for court - pants and round neck jumper over a collare shirt and tie . he look healthy and strong . he scuff he shoe nervously against the tile floor . leckie appear beside he and look out the window a moment . he then straighten J 's collar leckie you ready ? J nod . leckie turn and nod to two sog officer in full gear - flak jacket , helmet , shotgun . the four stand wait inside the front door . one sog pull the apartment door open . outside be another sog . he hand -signal to someone off screen . leckie gently guide J from the window to the door , out into the hall of the building towards the elevator . int . van - day 164 J in the back of a mini-van . leckie be beside he . as the van pull out of a underground car park onto the street the sog officer in the front seat lean into he personal radio . sog we be on the move . radio voice ( 0.s. ) copy that . leckie watch J. J look out the window . the radio crackle . ext . back of supreme court - day 165 the van be admit through the back gate of the court building . the gate be quickly close by court officer . the van stop at the back entrance . a sog emerge first follow by J , then another two sog . J be hurried inside . 166 169 170 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 106 . int . supreme court / holding area - day 166 J sit in a hold area . there be quiet and tense anticipation . he be clearly the centre of concern . he sit and wait . a court warden approach . court warden ok . they be ready for you now . J stand and be escort down a hall . he and the warden wait outside a door . the door open . J enter . int . supreme court / holding area - day 169 Inside the hold area , the air be mute and tense . radios crackle . warden and cop sit in silence , wait . int . national gallery of victoria / cafe - day 170 flashback : Hopper sit opposite J at a quiet table . ezra and smurf sit at the next table . ezra take note . smurf watch . hopper you girlfriend Nicole die froma heroin overdose . be this true ? J yes . hopper be it true that you believe you uncle be responsible for this ? J yes . hopper how ? J they injected she . hopper maybe do not rush you answer , mate . the more you hesitate , the more uncertain you will appear . smurf how 's he gonna remember all this ? hopper he do not have to remember it . it 's better if he do not . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : J nod . Animal ki nadem - GREEN revision 107 . we do not want he recite line . all he need to do here be get into the swing of the thing . he just need to wrap he head around the flavour of it . ( beat , to J ) you understand that , mate ? hopper ( cont 'd ) so , you be say they forcibly injected she with what 's know as a hot shot ? yes . hopper do you see they do this ? J no . hopper what do you see ? J I come home and find she bracelet thing in the backyard . hopper but you do not actually see she there , nor do you see anyone inject she . be she know to you to be a user of heroin ? J sometimes , yeah . hopper be she ? this be I talk now . J no . hopper then say no . you do not need to lie ... be there any reason why she might have want to use heroin on this particular night ? J maybe . ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 108 . continued : ( 2 ) hopper why maybe ? J I break up with she . hopper that night ? J yes . hopper so to a extent you feel responsible for Nicole 's death . J I dunno . maybe to a extent . hopper but you want you uncle put away for it . even though you do not see they do it and she be justifiably upset on this particular night because you end the relationship . J look coolly to ezra take note and smurf watch . hopper ( cont 'd ) you be look for someone to blame for something you feel responsible for . would you agree with that ? blah blah blah . J look to Hopper , defiant . he hold it . hopper ( cont 'd ) that 's good , mate . you feel ok ? smurf be you ok , sweetheart ? J I be fine . can you find we a drink smurf ? smurf of course . I be sure I see a drink machine somewhere . 171 int . supreme court / holding area - day 171 commotion . J be lead from the court , through back corridor . 172 173 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 109 . int . sog van - day 172 the van drive through the back gate of the court , J surround by sog with shotgun . J be pensive . heavily armed sog presence be oppressive - gum chew , gun on lap . int . car - day 173 broadcast video footage : a reporter sit at the wheel of a car , the video shot from the passenger seat . the reporter check he hair in the rearview and scour the street over the cameraman 's shoulder . reporter ( nervous energy ) here they come . he start the car . the video camera Pov shift to the empty backseat . moment later , the back door open . Darren , smurf and Pope pile in and the car pull away . the boy wear suit . Darren cry . smurf hug he . Pope smile . it 's all chaotic . reporter ( 0.c. ) let 's get away from here a bit . ( then , to backseat ) how do you feel ? darren we be over the moon ! we be very over the moon ! fantastic ! smurf kiss Darren 's head . Darren be cry tear of joy . reporter ( 0.c . ) what about you , Andrew ? have justice be do today ? Pope stare out the window . darren we be innocent . we say that all along . that 's what the jury 's say . reporter ( 0.c. ) janine . you must be delighted . what do you have to say ? smurf I want to say three cheer for the boy ! hip-hip . darren hooray ! ( continued ) Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 110 . continued : smurf and Darren do three cheer . Pope look out the window . reporter ( 0.c . ) ok , let 's get some nod before we forget . the camera swing round to be on the reporter . reporter tell I when you be set . camerman ( 0.c. ) set. reporter ( to rearview ) ok , guy , I just have to do what we call nod . you do not have to say anything . you will see what it 's about when it 's all cut together . the reporter do some ' nod ' . then - reporter so how do you feel ? darren ( 0.c. ) fantastic ! reporter no . you do not say anything . 174 int . sog van - day 174 on the move , a sog opposite J pull he pistol and point it at J 's face , the sog 's eye hide behind sunglass . other sog sit quiet . the sog hold the gun for a long while , then pull the trigger . it click on a empty breach . J sit numb . 175 int . HOTEL room - day 175 smurf in tv interview on the couch in a four-star hotel room . smurf I feel for the family of that two young police , my heart go out , but two good young boy get kill too , Barry Brown and my son Craig . the shot be now wide to reveal smurf sit between Pope and Darren on the couch . the boy hold glass of white wine and be visibly drunk and fidget . ( continued ) 176 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 111 . continued : smurf they be innocent young boy . my family 's be drag through the mud over this . and that kind of action play heavy we on mind . Police start throw they weight around , and they fly off the handle and a kid like J get the idea he can not even trust the law to work properly . the justice system . Pope lift himself up drunkenly and leave shot . Darren get up and dial a phone on a side table behind the couch . reporter ( 0.c . ) ok , maybe that 's enough of that . ( to Pope ) Andrew , I be hope to get some shot of you and Darren reacting to the news of you acquittal on tv. pope ( 0.c. ) get we do what ? reporter ( 0.c . ) as if you be watch a news report on the tv , celebrate . like you be go ' yay !' Darren drop the phone . it crash down behind the side table . he 's very drunk . pope ( 0.c. ) I be not a fuckin monkey , mate . I be not do that . as this all take place , smurf remain in the middle of the couch , watch she boy . then she turn to camera , smile . int . bedroom / service apartment - night 176 J hurriedly pack he clothes into a bag . he zip it shut and turn to leave . sog mill in the hall ominously . J step back into the room . leckie enter and shut the door . he sit on the bed , silent and stare at J . the moment be long and awkward . leckie have you work out where you fit ? J grab he bag . he open the door and close it behind he . 177 178 179 180 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 112 . int . hall / service apartment - night 177 sog talk halt , all eye on J . he wind he way to the door . int . bedroom / service apartment - night 178 back in the bedroom , leckie sit like a lonely kid . int . supermarket - day 179 leckie with he wife , son and trolley . they round a aisle . and then leckie see smurf . he ignore she . they head towards each other . leckie push he trolley straight past she . he think she have not see he . then smurf appear beside he . smurf I do not wish you any ill will , Mr leckie . I honestly do not . leckie ignore she . his wife watch she , seriously unnerve . smurf I want you to know that . you be only do you job . I hope you catch the people who do that terrible thing . leckie if you be as smart as I think you be , you would know to walk right on by I like we would never see each other before in we life . and you would know to feel lucky . but you be gonna come unstuck I have get a feel about it . I think you do too . I think you carry that feel around with you every second of the day . smurf look at he , almost tenderly . smurf but I do not , Nathan . leckie lead he family away . smurf be leave in the aisle . ext . STREET - day 180 J step out of a city cafe with a take - away coffee . he sit it on a ledge and stir in sugar , light himself a cigarette . 181 182 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 113 . ext . back yard / cody house - day 181 J walk the side of the house , bag on he shoulder , apprehensive . he hear music and laughter . he round the corner to see Darren on a banana lounge drink , another man also drink , and Pope at the bbq flipping sausage . Darren stop mid-laugh , he unwitting friend carry on a little longer . Pope casually continue to flip sausage . pope ( warmly ) g'day , mate . J hey . hi , daz . the dog rush to J. he pat it . pope you hungry ? J yeah , maybe . pope smurf 's in the kitchen . go and say hi . grab yourself a beer . int . kitchen / cody house - day 182 J enter . smurf be at the bench , make salad . she turn and see J . she rush to he . she hug and kiss he . smurf I be wonder when I have see you again . I have be miss you . you want food ? you look biafran . J I be gonna go lie down a bit . smurf you do not wanna eat ? Pope 's cooking . J I wanna lie down , I think . smurf ok , love . you room 's still there . smurf take J 's head in she hand and kiss he lip . ( continued ) 183 184 Animal Kingdom - GREEN revision 114 . continued : smurf I miss you . int . j’s bedroom / cody house - day 183 the room be tidy . J be on the bed , lie on he side . he hear the bedroom door open , but do not turn to look . Pope take a seat at the end of the bed , hold a beer . he look around the room , take it all in before speak . pope it 's a crazy fuckin world . a gun blast strike Pope in the head and he body slump like a sack of meat , instantly lifeless , to the floor . J climb off the bed , hold a gun . he stand back and survey the scene , stand over Pope 's body . he exit to the hall still with the gun . as he head for the lounge , smurf walk toward he , panicked , hand to she mouth . J stop she . he hold she . she be strangely calm , catatonic . int . lounge / cody house - day 184 J lead smurf across the room to the window , he arm around she . Darren be outside , look back at he , disorient . J seem relaxed , compose . Darren be barefoot , hold a ketchup bottle and a long sausage in a slice of bread . J toss the gun on the couch and kiss smurf 's head . the end