belle written by misan sagay a intricate piano piece - GEORGE frederick handel ... intercut white on black credit with below ... 1 int . rustic studio of a artisan . day 1 1 * a series of shot . Blue sky through shabby window . run down wall . a paint splash pine floor . ten of paint brushes soaking in stain jar . a artisan 's hand - weather - wear , swirl a paint brush in dirty water that sway at the bottom of one of the jar . a canvas - the sketch face of a woman - blonde , blue eye as the artisan stroke paint into she feature - a poster girl for 18th century portraiture . ( we will later recognise she as elizabeth murray ) caption : england 1766 2 ext / int . dock / slum room . england - day . 2 2 * a swallow cut across a red tinged sky . SOUND of footstep trudging through mud . extreme close up : a small figure be dress by someone - a shoulder , a arm , little hand . we do not see a face . close : heavy naval boot move at sombre pace through slum . against a stone floor , a child 's foot be lace into boot . a starve dog bark , dart between tradesman , sailor . hold this image as handel come to a end . 3 int . slum room - day . 2 3 * a child Pov as the door open . we see a gentleman in ceremonial naval dress - captain sir JOHN lindsay , aristocratic , handsome ... alarmed at the sight before he . his eye close with some sad , internal pain and as they be - open ... we see what he see ... a fragile girl ... around six year old stand in shabby surroundings . her terrify eye stare back , leave lindsay at a loss . he take in she feature - delicate with a full mouth that underline she ethnicity . she be dido elizabeth belle ... part black , part white . 2 . he speak quietly - word almost as fragile as she be . captain sir JOHN lindsay hello little girl ... Little dido . ( pause ) I be you father . silence . then a tear rise to the surface and as she confuse tear spill , so too do lindsay be . his Pov : a poor black woman oversee dido from afar . captain sir JOHN lindsay ( cont 'd ) ( re. dido ) how lovely she be . so much of she mother . ( he eye sting ) I try ... but how ...how could I separate a mother from she child ? ( he restrain tear ) and now nature have deprive I of such a dilemma . he compose himself - feel futile ... captain sir JOHN lindsay ( cont 'd ) thank you .. for take she . he reach into he pocket , hold out money to the woman . captain sir JOHN lindsay ( cont 'd ) you may leave we . the woman hesitates , scurries to dido , place she lip to the child 's head in a prolong kiss . then she be go . dido be leave frighten and stunne ! captain sir JOHN lindsay ( cont 'd ) do not be afraid sweet thing . I be to take you to a good life . the life you be bear to . he take out a cube of chocolate , show it to she . she be reluctant . he take a bite - delicious ! dido move forward . he put the chocolate in she hand . she taste it . sweet cocoa and sugar .. and now she tiny mouth be fill . it make lindsay laugh out loud . 4 ext . dock - day . 2 4 * a driver , harry - seat at a fine carriage . as harry become alarmed - from he Pov lindsay move towards we - the mulatto child in arm . 3. 5 ext . kenwood house . lawns . day . 2 5 * silence , except bird song - the splendor of the English countryside - a neoclassical estate stretch before we . the figure of a little girl run across the lawn - she giggle fill the air , she outline fade by the sun . at french door to the nursery , a furious grey woman - lady mary murray ( 40s ) , wave a wooden spoon and yell ... lady mary Elizabeth Murray , bring yourself back here this very moment ! the child crash to the grass in fit of laughter . she be no more than 6 year old - Hair the colour of bleach hay and delicate pale skin . she roll on to she back , squinting at the sunlight as ... the SOUND of horse and carriage at the front of the house . elizabeth bolt upright . her Pov : as captain sir JOHN lindsay guide dido from the carriage . wimbridge , the butler , step out to receive they . 6 int . kenwood house . drawing room . day . 2 6 * lady mansfield ( 40s ) , the year have be kind . she be beautiful , regal - stare ahead in shock ... lord mansfield ( 50' ) - a majestic man , white wigge and low brow , be incandescent , he sister , lady mary , freeze . lord mansfield what in God 's name have you do !! they Pov - lindsay and little dido stand . lady mansfield she ... she be black . lindsay be pain . captain sir JOHN lindsay she be my blood . lady mary but she be black ! lord mansfield a detail you choose not to share . captain sir JOHN lindsay uncle ? you assure I ! 4. lord mansfield ( fury ) Captain Sir John Lindsay , do you find I a fool ? she be a mulatto ! lord mansfield be blood boil , he rage towards lindsay . lady mansfield restrain he . lindsay be red with humiliation . captain sir JOHN lindsay I have no wife to take she ... in a few hour I be to captain a voyage to the indie on a longitude experiment . ( strain ) from there , who know !!! it be not in my gift to question the King and he Royal navy . lord mansfield you keep in mind my position ..? my reputation ...? captain sir JOHN lindsay Sir ... lord mansfield then have some sense of propriety boy ... and understand what you be ask . lindsay lower he voice , shield dido . sir JOHN lindsay her mother be dead ! my wish may not be orthodox but they be necessary ! lord mansfield how do we raise she ...? sir JOHN lindsay I beg you , uncle ... love she - as I would , be I here . ( sadly ) and ensure that she be in receipt of all that be due to she as a child of mine . lady mary gasp , under ... lady mansfield that be simply impossible . sir JOHN lindsay what be right can never be impossible . 5 . his firm gaze hold he aunt and uncle to account . a long beat . lady mansfield stand conflict . lady mansfield what have she be name ? sir JOHN lindsay she be Belle ... after she mother . dido Elizabeth Belle ... Lindsay . lord mansfield she take you name ? sir JOHN lindsay I be not ashamed . lindsay stand he ground . lady mary we can not have another Elizabeth in the household . lady mansfield regards the child , then look to she husband , gravely . he turn he back - aggrieve . lady mansfield we ...we will call she dido . ( off Lindsay 's nod ) good Lord , she be thin . Mary , find she something to eat . lord mansfield storm from the room . lady mansfield follow . lindsay kneel , choke with emotion . sir JOHN lindsay Little Belle - sweet child ... ( weak smile ) my wish be to keep you ... keep you with I ... but a ship ... it be no place for one so precious as you . ( pause ) in this wall , yours will be a life equal to my blood . a beat . through eye that brim ... he catch he breath . lady mary be both stunne and move - she have to turn away . sir JOHN lindsay ( cont 'd ) you will not understand in this moment , but hold this in you heart ... you be love ... just as I love you mother . a tear spill and dido 's little finger come up to wipe it from he cheek . he press he lip to she hand , sobbing a moment , and then he be go - to stay any longer would be too much to bare . 6 . 7 int . kenwood house . stair / entrance hall / gallery - day . 2 7 * on elizabeth seat at the grand staircase as lady mary and dido emerge . like elizabeth , dido be now freshly dress in rich silk , a adorable sight as they move through corridor elizabeth be you ... a nee-gro ? elizabeth make she way across ... take she aunt 's hand as all three walk . dido be silent . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) be you what they call `a negro ? ' I hear they talk . lady mary question , question , Elizabeth ! tis a most irritate trait you and you father share . elizabeth papaa m? lady mary no you blood papaa . Sir David Murray . you should not insist on always speak you mind , you know . you will end up a old may with only you own company for entertainment ! elizabeth like you , aunt Mary ? that be what the maid say ? lady mary you little .... elizabeth take off . lady mary rush after she . dido be leave alone - through the doorway of the gallery , a portrait of lindsay stare at she . she gaze at it . lord mansfield approach , arrest at the sight of dido , newly tidy . he follow she gaze to lindsay be image . the sight affect he , unexpectedly . lord mansfield Captain Sir John Lindsay . ( off she reaction ) do you recognise he ? she nod . a beat as conflict fill he . 7. 8 int . kenwood house . gallery . continuous . day 2 8 * lord mansfield d' you see here ...? this .. this be you grandfather , Sir Alexander Lindsay of evelick . dido examine the painting . lord mansfield watch she . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) I be here too .... do you see ? her eye search the long line of she aristocratic heritage , until she gaze settles . he chuckle , reluctantly charme as she point to he likeness . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) yes ... I be William Murray , first Earl of mansfield . a beat as he look to she , affect by this little person . gently , he lead she to a final portrait . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) ( carefully ) now ... do you see this man ? he be my nephew ... do you understand ...? ( off dido 's nod ) ... you uncle - Sir David Murray . dido Elizabeth 's papa . he pause lord mansfield you be a sharp little one . he be the seventh viscount stormont ... ( beat . almost to himself ) ...to inherit everything that we be stand on when I be go . she nod , bite she lip - that much have go over she head ... he can see . he close he eye . the enormity of this new responsibility weigh heavy . 9 int . kenwood house . lady parlour / lawns - day . 2 9 * lord mansfield 's Pov : through window - the lawn . elizabeth gently take dido be hand in hers , lead she off to run between the tree . as they delighted scream filter ... lady mansfield enter - observe lord mansfield , a moment . lady mansfield bear on English soil ? 8. lord mansfield indeed . he discover she mother aboard a capture Spanish slave ship . he be charge with convey it back to this shore , he tell I . lady mansfield evidently he have some ... vfeel ' for the woman . lord mansfield ( dry ) and there I be believe it be sheer lack of `self control ' . ( scathing ) he have be at sea , six year . all of this child 's life ! lady mansfield well , he clearly see to they wellbeing . the child be not altogether uncivilize . ( she breathes deeply ) so ... now we have two niece in we guardianship . lord mansfield ( reticent ) Elizabeth be much in need of a companion . lady mansfield and that be what we shall say when question be ask of we ? lord mansfield we shall say that in accordance with she birthright , she be entitle to live beneath this roof . ( with irony ) such ... be the nature of `order ' . lady mansfield and where in this `order ' should she colour be place ? below or above she Murray bloodline ? ( off he silence ) May she dine with we ? lord mansfield she may ... ( pause ) ... not ... in company . we can not escape society 's confines on etiquette lady mansfield Marriage ? 9 . he shake he head at the complexity of it all . lord mansfield impossible . any match she ..' other origin ' may attract would surely disgrace she and the family rank . lady mansfield and when we be no longer here ? no husband - who will take care of she ? he rub he eyebrow , perturb , turn back to the lawn . 10 ext . kenwood house . lawns - continuous . day.2/3 10 * a view across the idyllic estate . sound of child 's shriek have become adult . caption : 1781 a twenty year old dido dart between tree . dido bette ! no ...no surprise bette ! elizabeth , also twenty now , suddenly jump from behind the willow , cause dido to wail hysterically . lady mary stand at the doorway of the old nursery . lady mary ( shriek ) Girls ! will you refrain from shriek like the ... bless - ed french ! the girl race towards the house . elizabeth be blonde colour remain , whilst dido be look have become dramatic - she dark hair , thick and long , wrap in a bun , and black lash that frame she dark eye . 11 ext . hampstead . church - day.3 11 * Church bell - parishioner make they way into the beautiful sixteenth century chapel , in lush green field . 12 int . church - day.3 12 * reverend davinier , white wigge , stand at the pulpit . 10 . reverend davinier ... for it be the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth . so saith Christ the Lord . amen . congregation amen . a flame as a young man light a candle by the altar . he sing , choir-like , the word vame ' rather than simply say it . reverend davinier hymn no . 76 . on the mansfield as the congregation begin to sing . 13 int . church - day . 3 13 * the young man stand collect bible as the congregation file out . dido hand he hers . he be chaotically handsome with deeply set , expressive eye that lock with hers for a moment , stir she . then he gaze move suddenly to lord mansfield - intense , as he watch he drift from the church , the family in tow . 14 ext . kenwood estate . heath - day.3 14 * pure , lush , green . the mansfield carriage on the horizon . 15 int . mansfield carriage - day.3 15 * lord and lady mansfield sit together , elizabeth beside they . dido and lady mary ride backwards . lord mansfield I have reason to speak with you alone , dido . dido be quietly alarmed . dido have I wronge you , papaa ? lord mansfield you have do no such thing . 16 int . kenwood house . lord mansfield study - day.3 16 * lord mansfield be grave . dido stand before he . 11 . lord mansfield I have not past experience in the way of break grave news to you . he hand she a letter and she read . a beat , as the news resonate through she , silently . her pain gaze slowly rise to meet lord mansfield 's. dido ( quiet , shock ) I think I should one day have the opportunity to make he better acquaintance . lord mansfield yes . I know . 17 int . kenwood house . dido and elizabeth' bedroom - day.3 17 * elizabeth two thousand pound a year ? elizabeth sit at the edge of the bed in day clothes . dido nod , she back to we as she stare out through the window . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) then you be a heiress ! he have leave you you fortune ! 18 int . kenwood house . dido and elizabeth' bedroom - night 3 18 * darkness . dido and elizabeth lie in separate bed . only a shaft of moonlight illuminate they face . elizabeth he must have love you , dido . dido he do not know I . elizabeth my father 's new wife wish he to leave I not a thing , and he oblige she . dido then it be she cruelty you should lament , bette , not he stupidity . elizabeth I think he might have love I more if mamaa have not die . 12 . dido ( pain ) I ... I think love must be a very complicated thing . elizabeth lift she head to look across at dido . elizabeth dido - with such a dowry you may marry into any good family you wish . off dido as she stare at the ceiling , daunt . 19 int . kenwood house . lady parlour - day.4 19 * Soft sunlight filter . lady mary sit engross in she needle - work . the two girl persevere with theirs . lady mary we shall receive visitor for dinner . the two girl exchange a glance and whisper . elizabeth Visitors ? who ever bother to visit we here ? dido or leave ... except the dead ! elizabeth be titter escape . lady mary look up , abruptly . lady mary once again , dido ? dido bed ... aunt Mary . we should prepare some extra bed ... in case we visitor be to stay ... she trail off - lady mary raise a eyebrow . elizabeth May we wear the new silk ? dido I will do you hair , bette . oh say we may wear they , aunt Mary . lady mary you will not be dining with we , dido . the room fall silent and the girl ' energy be kill . 13 . dido ( hurt ) yes of course . but I may join after dinner , may I not ? lady mary yes . such be the rule , and you know they well . 20 ext . kenwood house . lake - day.4 20 * a blaze of rhododendron , azalea . dido stroll with lord mansfield , along kenwood 's lake , orange sunlight glisten . dido she be a most disagreeable ... hideous , old may - I hate she ! lord mansfield you do not ! she be only manage the dictate of the household dido papaa ...how ... how may I be too high in rank to dine with the servant and too low to dine with my family ? lord mansfield dinner with guest be a formal proceeding , dido - we simply can not impose the disregard of that formality upon visitor . dido but ... papaa , be I not ..' wealthy ' , now ... a heiress ? surely that change matter ... lord mansfield ( softly ) my dear ... I wish it be so simple . finance may go some way - but Society have a habit of disregard even one of they own , when opportunity provide . dido ( stung ) of course ... ( trail off ) lord mansfield but after dinner ... when formality be of less consequence ... well you presence can raise no defendable objection . ( off she sadness ) ( more ) 14 . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) dido , you know the rule of propriety . Far better than Elizabeth , if I be frank . his loving gaze elicit a smile from she , weary . propriety be everything , after all . dido as you wish , sir . 21 ext . kenwood house . lawns . continuous . day 4 21 * lady mansfield sit in the shade - a may prepare a seat for lady mary , as dido head for the house , pensive . lady mansfield dido !... elizabeth emerge from the house , breathless . elizabeth there you be . I have be search for you ! lady mansfield ( to dido ) what a wretch countenance ! lady mary she deplore my authority . what be I in this household , if not the `observer of rule ' ?! elizabeth I would rather dine with dido ! she link arm with dido in solidarity . lady mansfield what a great pity lady mansfield and lady mary feign nonchalance . lady mary indeed . lady mansfield we young gentleman guest shall miss you , Elizabeth . both girl ' eye widen - dido 's with disappointment . elizabeth / dido Young gentleman ? lady mary very good connection . 15 . lady mansfield and most agreeable by all account ! elizabeth be mouth fall open . lady mary lean toward she . lady mary Close you mouth and understand : there shall be no discussion tonight in any language other than English ! no whisperings in gentleman 's ear - not in Latin , italian ... and certainly not french ! off elizabeth be mischief and dido sink . 22 int . kenwood house . dine room - night . 4 22 * candle sprinkle a delicate light . a impose dining table stretch before we , laden with exquisite food . lady ashford 40' - a pale porcelain skinned woman , sit with she son - jame ( 25 ) and oliver ( 22 ) . she be beautiful and both have inherite she strike look . elizabeth whisper in jame ' ear . lady mary glare ! jame ashford what excellent french ! though I have not a idea of what you say . elizabeth I say ... ` you hand have the suggestion of a sensitive mar and . she wrinkle she nose , minxish . across the table ... lady ashford I must say , the entire country barely breathes await you judgement on this appeal . terrify you shall destroy England , no doubt . I know Lord a be . he do wonder though , what can be take you ... so long ? lord mansfield ( mild condescension ) the law , Lady ashford . it be to be interprete - not merely administer . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) you husband of all people know this . lady mary my brother be not a man of rash instinct . lady mansfield for that we be all grateful . 16 . lady ashford what a lot of fuss over dead cargo . lord mansfield it be a fuss over the bread and butter of a great many in this isle . a great many , Lady ashford . off lord mansfield be distaste .... 23 ext . kenwood house . lawns - night . 4 23 * the window glint with candlelight , dido sit at a bench alone . laughter from the house carry in the breeze . a rustle in the branch behind she . she stand , startle . a beat , then she turn on she heel and sprint - fast . 24 int . kenwood house . entrance hall . night . 4 24 * breathless , dido race inside as wimbridge appear . dido wimbridge ! wimbridge miss Lindsay ? dido there be poacher wander ...! the sound of the echoing doorbell , jolting dido . her eye dart to the door . wimbridge hesitates , then answer . a young man stand , damp brow , and as breathless as dido . we recognise he as the young man see earlier in the church . he be JOHN davinier , son of reverend davinier . JOHN good evening to you . I be John davinier , i.. I believe I may have disturb a lady of this house ... he set eye on dido , peer from the great staircase . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ah ... she be there . ( call out to she ) please forgive I ... though you barely give I a chance ... dido turn she back , horrify . how dare he address she without formal introduction ?! 17 . dido Sir , I do not believe we have be introduce ! JOHN take hold of himself , half mortify , half irritate . JOHN indeed . i...i ... ( to wimbridge , feel foolish ) please inform the lady of my apology for startling she . I take advantage of the back field , by way of a short - cut to deliver this to Lord mansfield ... from my father . wimbridge Sir ? he hand wimbridge a envelope . JOHN reverend davinier . wimbridge of course , sir . I will see that he get it immediately ... dido can not help but interfere . she call over she shoulder . dido you shall not interrupt he at dinner , wimbridge ! wimbridge immediately - after dinner , sir . JOHN resist roll he eye - ghastly female ! JOHN yes , of course ... thank you . he back away . dido still show he nothing but she back . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( to wimbridge , awkward ) good night . wimbridge good night , sir . he move off , and be go as dido finally turn , stare at the close door , flushed . 18 . 25 int . kenwood house . drawing room . continuous - night . 4 . 25 * a single figure - at the farthest end of the crimson draw room ... dido be heart skip a beat at the SOUND of the approach dinner party ... suddenly the door open ... dido stand quickly - nervous . lord mansfield dido ... my dear . lady ashford ( whisper to she son ) good Lord - the negro ! she really be ... jame ashford ( quietly disturb ) ...a lady . oliver Capital ! lady ashford I have not expect she to look so ... black . oliver mamaa , do you not listen to the rumour when you be spread they ? dido curtsey respectfully to lord mansfield . lord mansfield May I present to you the second of my niece - miss dido Lindsay . dido curtsey . lady ashford nod graciously . oliver bow - have to nudge he troubled brother do the same . oliver a pleasure , miss Lindsay . she curtsey once again , then move to sit with elizabeth . elizabeth ( sotto - re. James ) he be the eldest - to inherit the entire ashford fortune . he be also to inherit from he uncle - a healthy man , who show little sign of departure . dido how do you know ? 19 . elizabeth Lady ashford herself . she seem rather despondent at she brother 's robust constitution . jame catch dido be soft brown eye rest on he . dido he have much to recommend he . and a second fortune in life should please any wife . elizabeth clock the gaze between dido and jame . elizabeth dido ! you be not to be a coquette with he ! you already have you fortune ! dido be you suggest I now condescend to a gentleman without mean , bette ?! what should good society think of we ! oliver move to he brother , follow he gaze to dido . oliver she be intrigue , be she not ? jame I find she repulsive . oliver I suppose she be ... if you find a most rare and exotic flower so . she be quite something to behold . on dido as she falter under the brother ' stare . elizabeth ( flustered , to dido ) good Lord ! they be appraise I ! elizabeth compose herself . jame ' eye remain on dido , swallow hard at she undeniable beauty . jame one do not make a wife of the rare and exotic , Oliver . one sample it on the cotton field of the indie ... oliver so far , when it be right at my door ? 20 . jame ... then find a pure english rise to decorate one 's home . oliver smile . off both man - train on dido . 26 int . kenwood house . drawing room - night 4 . 26 * elizabeth be at the pianoforte . she sing , play hard , for jame ' attention , gaze up at he as he stand beside she . lady ashford be she `out '?? lady mansfield ( embarrassed ) not quite . lady mary ( awkward ) any day now . lady ashford raise a amused eyebrow - precocious creature ! oliver offer dido a discreet smile , as she sit beside lord mansfield . his mother quietly move across to he . lady ashford you will refrain from any intercourse with the negress . ( beat ) Lord and Lady mansfield may find it fascinating to have a Lady mulatto run around they household , but I will not have one run around mine ! oliver she be a heiress . a seamless change of heart for lady ashford . lady ashford although exception can be make . oliver it be say that she father leave she a rather vast fortune . lady ashford I mean to say , if that be you inclination . oliver she be rather soft on the eye - I have think no further mamaa . 21 . lady ashford stare across at dido . lady ashford from where do you receive you information ? oliver her sister - cousin have a rather fast tongue . on lady ashford as she study dido . elizabeth finish , amid a smatter of polite applause lead by jame . oliver ( cont 'd ) and what of you miss Lindsay ? be we to hear you play tonight ? dido look up to find oliver smile across at she . dido well ... ( defer to she father ) papaa ...? lord mansfield hesitates . dido be embarrassed . oliver oh do not be selfish with you good fortune , m'lord ! a beat ... then put on the spot , lord mansfield cave , throw up he hand , helplessly . dido be tentative , elizabeth less pleased . lady ashford this will be most interesting ! dido move to the pianoforte settles she finger on the key . a beat , then handel 's suite no.9 fill the room . lord mansfield close he eye , irritate with himself . lady mary whisper to lady mansfield . lady mary she have never play in company ! lady mansfield be silent - stiff with anxiety . dido be raise a beautiful and fluent sound - as skillful as the most gift of georgian young lady . lord mansfield be eye spring open - see all hold hostage . oliver move forward , utterly fascinate . relief flood lady mansfield - she sigh with pride as lady mary lend lady ashford a smug look . 22 . lady ashford ( concede ) she be ... most accomplish . lady mansfield ( with deep satisfaction ) hers be a most diligent governess . 27 int . kenwood house . upstair corridor - night . 4 27 * echoing footstep . lord and lady mansfield move toward they room , each with a lamp to light they way . lady mansfield the liberty of ask she to play ! and when he can have no better intention towards she . she stop in she track briefly , suddenly unsure ... lady mansfield ( cont 'd ) can he ?? they round a corner . lady mansfield ( cont 'd ) ... his family name will , no doubt , entice she to take he seriously . lord mansfield she must not delude herself . such decision be not hers to make . lady mansfield then spell it out to she ! before she render herself ... sport to some `gent ' of cruel promise !!! lord mansfield she have no reason . hers be a inheritance that render she free of the usual inducement to marry . lady mansfield well , that , at least , be true , ( burden , grave ) indeed , it be Elizabeth who need to secure she bread and butter . 28 int . kenwood house . ground floor corridor / studio . day . 5 28 * feminine foot move along the corridor . reveal dido make she way to lord mansfield be study . her Pov : through the doorway to the studio . 23 . a unfamiliar face mixing paint , engross . his weather - wear hand be recognisable from the open credit . his stare meet dido 's , calmly move by she beauty as she stand , freeze - she full lip parte in astonishment . 29 int . kenwood house . dido and elizabeth' bedroom - day . 5 29 * elizabeth stand at the mirror - a may dress she . elizabeth a portrait ? be you sure ? dido yes ... aunt Mary have confirm it . dido sit , light head , anxiety run through she . elizabeth good Lord . how ... truly wonderful . dido but ...but ... elizabeth ( become exasperate ) but what , dido ? 30 int . kenwood house . lord mansfield study . day . 5 30 * dido hurl herself into the room , utterly panicked . dido papaa ... should he not have wish to see I before decide ? she throw she hand up woefully , and find another face stare back at she - it be JOHN davinier . he regards she from a huge law book . she stand mortify . dido ( cont 'd ) ( to Lord m ) I be sorry ... I do not know you ... lord mansfield ( dry ) Mr davinier , I believe you have already have the pleasure . JOHN ( ironic ) in ... some way - yes . ( to dido ) miss Lindsay . she curtsey , brief and stiff - a smile to match . 24 . lord mansfield decide what ? she be hesitant now , awkward in JOHN be presence . dido if he should ... should want to paint I ! lord mansfield the man be to be pay a fortune . what be there to decide ? dido but ... lord mansfield dido , you be to simply sit still . not a challenging task ! dido ( anxious ) next ... next to Elizabeth ...? lord mansfield as you always be - right beside one another . dido 's chest heave with distress . JOHN should ... should not any lady be flatter to be such a subject ? his tone be impatient , irritate she . dido how should any male know the way of a lady when he have not even master the way of a gentleman ? JOHN quite ! though one should be forgiven for think he be in the presence of a lady - when she be , in fact , still a juvenile ! dido papaa , may we do this in private ! lord mansfield not now , no ! you may return the book to the library . dido papaa ...! 25 . lord mansfield cast she a stare and she be silence . dido begin collect giant hardback , exasperate . lord mansfield upon she husband 's death a widow may receive .... JOHN ...her marriage portion and inheritance at once . she have forty day to leave she husband 's home ... lord mansfield hummm ... ( contemplation ) your be grand ambition . JOHN say nothing - swallow hard . dido steal a glance . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) what be the purpose of the law in you eye , Mr davinier ? JOHN to ... to provide certainty where there might otherwise be none . lord mansfield example . JOHN the Zong ship and that drown . lord mansfield stiffen . he look uncomfortably at dido pile book . JOHN be eye follow . lord mansfield it be one of the few trade acceptable to a gentleman . JOHN I be no member of the nobility - I have little , but ... where my father rely on the bible , I ... I wish to rely on the law court . lord mansfield you aspire to the judiciary ? lord mansfield laugh at he . dido stare at the ground - cring on JOHN be behalf . John assert himself . JOHN one day ...yes ...m' lord . I wish to make the law not only administer they - for that ... that be how I may truly change this world . I mean to say , make it ... a better place . 26 . a beat . his word force dido to look up , affect . lord mansfield Noble if not pompous ! a country lawyer , you may make - perhaps ! if you pay every regard to what you be teach - but you have neither the rank nor finances for any more ! JOHN ( tentative ) if I may , m'lord - neither do you ! lord mansfield I beg you pardon ? JOHN well ... as a fourth son , you have rank but not the income to pay for you qualification to the inn . dido 's wide eye take in JOHN , astonished by he chuzpah . JOHN ( cont 'd ) without the sponsorship of Lord foley and William Hamilton ... the English court may not have benefite from you brilliance - and the title , Lord Chief justice could not be yours today ... m'lord . lord mansfield you believe you be worthy of such consideration ? such be you capability ? JOHN that I do not know , m'lord . I have not yet be afforded that consideration ... but I know a country life do not suit I . lord mansfield 's gaze be train on JOHN . dido have finish gather the book and be quietly slip from the room . lord mansfield the reverend have request I take he son into my tutorage , dido . ( beat ) what do you think ? dido freeze , in the doorway - all eye lock on she . 31 int . kenwood house . gallery - night . 5 31 * dido move along the hallway , line with enormous artist ' * interpretation , communicate a certain lifestyle . 27 . she slow , catch by one of the painting - a English rise stare out , as a black domestic submissively fasten a priceless bracelet around she lady - master 's wrist . dido 's Pov : close on the domestic . suddenly ... JOHN thank you for you gracious support . dido jump - find JOHN stand beside she . dido I neither speak for or against you - since neither be my place . JOHN silence speak volume . Elizabeth approach , call out , as she curtsey . elizabeth papaa 's new student . JOHN indeed ! dido Mr davinier , my cousin , Elizabeth . JOHN a pleasure . dido ( to John ) papaa have never take a pupil , you realise ? elizabeth someone to keep you company while you take papaa 's dictation , dido . ( to John ) Truth be , there have be more of you sex at kenwood this week , than I have previously see in all my entire life ! dido flush . JOHN hopefully we have not disappointed ! elizabeth on the contrary ! she raise a minxish eyebrow and move off . awkward silence . 28 . dido Mr davinier , what ... what be the importance of the Zong ... why be the case before papaa 's court , the supreme court ...? he search she , take aback . why be she ask he ? JOHN well ... ( he struggle , tentative ) it be a cargo ship . dido I ... I be aware of that . JOHN a human-cargo ship . dido hesitates , tentative . dido oh . you say that who be drown . JOHN it lose most of its slave before arrive at its destination . ( hesitant ) drown - by the crew on the captain 's order . JOHN watch as dido falter . dido but ... why ? the SOUND of the mansfield gather with the ashford . a may approach hurry about she duty . maid miss , you supper be serve now in the lady ' parlour . dido thank you . JOHN hesitates , strike with confusion at the may 's word . dido become awkward . lady mansfield emerge , disappear into the dining room . lady mansfield Mr davinier , will you be join we for dinner ? JOHN 's eye dart to dido - see she unease . it pierce he . 29 . JOHN i..er ... I thank you , madam , but I be promise to the company of my aunt this evening . she have recently move to the cottage at belsize . lady mansfield of course - as you wish . she move off , and dido and JOHN be leave in tense silence . JOHN permit I to ask , why you do not dine with you family - ever ? dido that be not correct . JOHN forgive I ... but twice now I have see ... I have see you separate from the gather . dido 's cheek begin to burn . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I be confound . dido snap , she shame over-spill ... dido and well you might be - when the son of clergy be permit to the table before a lady of the house . JOHN be that a reminder of my place , miss Lindsay ? she hold back frustrated tear , pain . dido no . it 's a statement of mine ! both of they be smart . JOHN move off , stung . 32 ext . kenwood house . dido and elizabeth' bedroom . night.5 32 * dido step into the room , expressionless . she sit on the chaise longue , allow she gaze to settle on she reflection . something terrible resonate through she - some awful think or feel , that leave she breathless with emotion . and then she finger come up to the skin on she chest ... and she begin to pinch and pull with self - hatred , rub the heel of she palm across she cheek , she forehead , as she face crumple and she begin to cry . 30 . 33 ext . hampstead . heath . day . 6 33 * New day . lord mansfield and JOHN ride through kenwood 's land on horseback , slow under the shade of tree . JOHN ( he pat he animal ) there be much speculation on you decision . anticipation seem to be turn to panic , m'lord . lord mansfield I can not disagree . JOHN one hundred and thirty two drown on route from Africa to the West indie . you ruling could bring the slave trade to its knee - entirely destroy a economic foundation of this land . ( off mansfield ) be that pressure not madden , m'lord ? lord mansfield reign in he horse . he quote in Latin . lord mansfield justitia fiat , ruat coelum , Mr davinier - let justice be do , though the heaven may fall . JOHN the insurance claim state , the slave be throw overboard for the safety of the ship - that there be not sufficient water for the cargo and crew to survive the rest of the voyage . lord mansfield it do . JOHN then , if I be correct , the case hang on ... lord mansfield ... it hang on ` absolute necessity ' . if the cargo be spoiled ... JOHN cargo ? lord mansfield adjust he language . 31 . lord mansfield if the kill of the ..' negros ' be truly `necessary ' in order to save the ship - as the captain contend . a difficult silence . JOHN be careful , but sceptical . JOHN but ... be that where it hinge ? lord mansfield do not welcome the challenge . lord mansfield the ship 's journey be thwart by impossible weather condition - what should have be week become month ! what once appear enough water , may not have be ! JOHN I be sensible of this , m'lord ... lord mansfield then do you know what a hundred thirsty slave be capable of ? I can tell you no man happily dispose of he cargo , even in the face of rebellion ! ( off John 's silence ) so now tell I - be you to dock at port with barely a piece of merchandise leave to trade - what would you do ? swallow financial ruin - or claim you due from the insurer . John be conflict - to speak up , or not ? JOHN with due respect ... I should question , whether ' human ' life should have be insurable as cargo - at all . the air turn cold . 34 ext . kenwood garden . day . 6 34 * lady mary clip flower from a bush of sunset pink dahlias . dido hold a basket , collect they . lady mansfield and elizabeth stroll beneath parasol . lord mansfield and JOHN can be see approach the stable on horseback - JOHN trail . 32 . lady mary a gentleman rather like he once pay I much interest . elizabeth Mr davinier ? lady mansfield ( matter of fact . ) really , Mary ? dido lay each dahlia carefully . lady mary do not look at I like that ! it be my mamaa who intervene . I think he have a very great sense of duty . overly kind at time but ... lady mansfield watch as though she know the rest . dido ( gently ) but ... what , aunt Mary ? lady mary hesitates and lady mansfield cut in , save she . lady mansfield he be engage , you know ? dido follow she gaze to JOHN , as he climb from the horse , hand it to a stableman . lady mary engage ! elizabeth be he ? lady mansfield Mr Beresford 's daughter . elizabeth the carriage - maker ! he might have set he sight a little higher ! as JOHN march toward the back entrance of the house . he nod to the lady . a self - conscious beat between he and dido , she back to he - as he disappear inside . off she reaction . 35 int . kenwood studio . day . 7 35 * close on : the soft curl around dido be hairline , a single eye , she nose , cheek . hold on she lip . 33. on the painter 's canvas ... a sketch emerge - he bring dido be mouth to life . we see a outline of elizabeth with some detail , already be create . reveal elizabeth beside dido . as she hand slide over to dido be and she squeeze it tight . on they clasped hand . zoffany to the window , miss Lindsay dido favour the window a little more ... Soft sunlight pour onto she skin . 36 int . kenwood house . corridor / studio . day . 7 36 * JOHN move through corridor - hat under he arm . elizabeth emerge from the studio , draw he attention to ... through a half open doorway , he Pov : dido sit on stool before zoffany . the sight draw JOHN to a halt . he attempt to move off - but cant ! he observe dido quietly . she be somehow tranquil under Zoffany 's gaze . a beat before she eye fall on JOHN be outline in the doorway - he stare , penetrate and compelling . on zoffany - he follow dido be gaze to JOHN . then he sketches madly , fill in dido be eye in great detail . on JOHN , embarrassed - he move away quickly . dido be affect . she jump up ! go after he ! as elizabeth be eye follow , uncertain . dido wait ... she be upon he in the corridor ! they stand silent , awkward . JOHN I ... I be curious ... dido quite a task - to sit for so many * hour ... ( beat ) ... congratulation ! I learn of you .. you match .. yesterday . * JOHN thank you . he falter slightly , swallow hard - not all be well . 34 . her eye hone in on a pamphlet under he arm . JOHN shift uneasy at what it show - the last few letter of the zong can be see , and lord mansfield depict with large butt . dido I appear the only one to have just learn of this affair ? JOHN perhaps yours be a life less concerned with such matter . dido why do you judge I so ? he study she . she be tentative . dido ( cont 'd ) it be a fact that I have contemplate on the matter for many hour , and I ... I do not think the slave could have be drown in the way you say . on he disbelief - irritation slowly turn to dawn . JOHN be you at utter disconnect from everything ?! he search she , make she feel very small and ashamed . as he move off , she stare after he , distress . dido Mr davinier ... please . tell I . tell I what you know ! he stop , stare back at she . what to do ? dido ( cont 'd ) ( earnest ) do not render I you amusement . he trace she vulnerability . it root he . JOHN I can only tell you what I believe . dido ( try to understand ) and what ... what be that ? JOHN the slave be intentionally drown , that be not in question . chain ! thrown into the water - chain together as one . ( more ) 35 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) they be disease - worth more as dead insure merchandise , than as alive spoiled goods . ( stark ) the captain hope it would `pay ' to kill they . on dido as colour drain from she face . nausea rise ... his eye try to read hers , become sensitive . as he move back towards she . she struggle to take it in . JOHN ( cont 'd ) miss Lindsay ....? dido but the insurer be appeal . JOHN yes . they be challenging the decision of the lower court - refuse to pay for murder slave . her eye sting . JOHN can see she be have difficulty - he touch she hand absentmindedly , startling she , but they eye remain lock . she attempt , weakly , to return self - possession . then almost a whisper ... dido thank you . that be , thank you for tell I what nobody else have ! she turn , walk away . on dido , as she pace quicken . 37 int . kenwood house . lord mansfield study . day . 7 37 * on dido , urgently rifling through file , shelf - chaotic . she move to a desk , pull open drawer - reveal volume and volume of news pamphlet . a set of they bound , lord mansfield be wax seal hang from the cord . she unty the cord , wax seal all over she hand . she finger she way through the pile - legal headline ... all refer to Lord mansfield . she stop dead ... Pov - pamphlet cover ... image of lord mansfield , droop bottom lip touch the ground - foolish and dithering , whilst beside he a ` negro ' slave wield a judge 's ' gavel . a headline - ` slave cargo deliberately drown to save ship - mansfield dither on Zong insurance ' . dido stare hard ... dido ( whisper ) papaa . 36 . she run she finger across the caricature , pain - then move urgently to the next pamphlet , and the next ... more mansfield caricature - a big nose , fat lip , all with Zong headline : ' mansfield to rule on " Disposable slave " ` the library door suddenly open , jolting dido . elizabeth there you be ! dido be freeze , say nothing . elizabeth stare from the doorway - why do dido look so strange ? elizabeth ( cont 'd ) we be request . you - draw room . I , relegate to the lady ' palour ! she disappear leave dido bewilder . 38 int . kenwood house . lady ' parlour . day . 7 38 * elizabeth stand before lady mansfield . lady mansfield we be to attend London for the season . elizabeth be eye be wide . 39 int . kenwood house . drawing room - day . 7 39 * dido mirror elizabeth . dido we be to finally `come out '?? lord mansfield stare back at she . lord mansfield ( clarify ) Elizabeth be to come out . 40 int . kenwood house . lady ' parlour - day . 7 40 * lady mansfield dido be not . elizabeth be face fall . 41 int . kenwood house . drawing room - continuous . day . 7 41 * lord mansfield stare solemnly at dido . 37 . dido but why ? lord mansfield you understand the way of this world for a female , dido . Elizabeth have no income . when all this be go to she father , I have nothing to leave she . 42 int . kenwood house . lady parlour - day . 7 42 * lady mansfield you be to meet as many gentleman as possible , before we make the match . elizabeth oh ! 43 int . kenwood house . drawing room . day . 7 43 * dido be speechless . dido and I ? lord mansfield dido , you be well take care of - of this , you be well aware . 44 int . kenwood house . lady ' parlour - day.7 44 * lady mansfield a gentleman of good breeding be unlikely to form any serious attachment to dido , and a man without , will lower she position in society . elizabeth but she be not merely my cousin , mamaa , she be my sister . I cannot attend London without she ! 45 int . kenwood house . drawing room - day.7 45 * dido be gaze be pain . lord mansfield you may attend London together to keep Elizabeth company and save the pain of a few week separation . 38 . 46 int . kenwood house . lady ' parlour . day.7 46 * lady mansfield shake she head . lady mansfield Lord know I will need you both to keep each other out of trouble . 47 int . kenwood house . drawing room - day.7 47 * dido papaa ... lord mansfield you be not to be deny , dido . he look down . dido be eye follow to a large bunch of key . dido papaa , please ! lord mansfield this be the key to the house . they have hang at the waist of you aunt for the last thirty year . dido ( horrify ) no ! I be not Lady Mary . I be not a unwanted may ! lord mansfield feel no choice but to go on . lord mansfield Lady Mary be too old to continue in charge of the house . he place the key in she hand and close she finger . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) you may assume she duty on you return . a most respectable position for a unmarried mansfield Lady . she stare at he , disbely , bereft ... dido be ... be you punish I ? lord mansfield punish you !! dido , you be most cherish . most love . why ... why would you say such a thing ? dido because ... 39 . she try to find courage to speak . lord mansfield wait . dido ( cont 'd ) because ... she swallow hard ... lose courage ... lord mansfield because what ? a moment . he look down , see the bright red wax from he seal on she finger . on he slow dawn . ominous beat . 48 int . kenwood house . ground floor corridor - day.7 48 * elizabeth step from the lady ' parlour - dido from the draw room , wind with emotion . as they fall into each other 's arm , weep ... elizabeth I be sorry , dido . so very sorry . 49 int . kenwood house . drawing room . day . 7 49 * lord mansfield stand alone restrain he tear . 50 int . kenwood . lord mansfield study . day . 8 50 * lord mansfield 's eye be wild . JOHN stand before he . lord mansfield you tell she they be wantonly drown . JOHN because they be ! that slave be disease - some be already die - yes . but it be essential they die on the journey or they would not come under insurance consideration ! neither too , if they have expire of they disease - that be why they be kill - this we all know ! lord mansfield you have enter my home and utterly take advantage of the confidential matter afforded you . JOHN this vmatter ' have be for public consumption for month . miss Lindsay be no child ... no .. fool ! 40 . lord mansfield ( incandescent ) her precious care be in my hand and I will decide when she be ready for such reality . not the son of a vicar ! a vicar who , incidently purchase he live from I ! JOHN I shall gather my belonging . lord mansfield do so ! lord mansfield turn he back on JOHN to glare at the lawn JOHN calmly collect he book , jacket , hat . he hesitates . JOHN you lordship , a question ? lord mansfield swing round ready to bite .. lord mansfield what , Mr davinier ! JOHN as the mere son of a vicar - I wonder whether the value you extend to you very precious mulatto niece - well I wonder if it amount to more ...or less than the thirty pound insurance the trader be ask for each life they murder ? on lord mansfield be cold stare . he swallow hard . JOHN ( cont 'd ) good day , m'lord . lord mansfield Mr davinier . JOHN stop , turn to lord mansfield . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) a word to the wise . find yourself in she vicinity again , and you will rue the day you cast eye on I . JOHN hesitates a beat . then he be go . 51 int . kenwood house . lady parlour . day . 8 51 * elizabeth catch sight of JOHN riding across the heath . 41 . elizabeth John davinier be leave very early today ! dido move to the window . her Pov : JOHN on horseback as he disappear over the brow . elizabeth , lady mansfield and mary watch as lord mansfield storm past the doorway . - all be not well , they can tell . lord mansfield 's gaze lock with dido through the doorway - he falter , move on . off dido 's realisation - JOHN be not come back . 52 ext . hampstead - day 9 52 * close on hoof - the mansfield carriage be on the move to London . the familiar lush horizon provide the backdrop . on the luggage - laden carriage - the girl whisper . elizabeth ( oov ) do you think I may see Mr James in town ? dido ( o.c. ) perhaps . 53 int . mansfield carriage . continuous day . 9 53 * elizabeth whisper to dido , completely matter of fact . elizabeth I could fall in love with such a man , dido . lady mary Love ? the two girl be startle . lady mary smile to herself . dido ( whisper ) bette , you could feel no such sentiment for you should either end poor or ... break heart . 54 ext . london street . day . 9 54 * the carriage round a corner , weave through the bustle of market , peasant , guide by harry , the mansfield driver . on dido 's face , stare from the move carriage . 42 . 55 ext . london street . day . 9 55 * bloomsbury Square open before we . as the carriage halt ... elizabeth ( o.c ) be not you quietly relieved ? dido relieved ? elizabeth that you sha not be at the caprice of some silly Sir and he fortune ! ( off dido 's silence ) the rest of we have not the choice ! not a chance of inheritance if we have brother and forbidden from any activity that allow we to support ourselves . elizabeth sigh . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( c'est la vie ) we be but they property . off dido , affect . 56 int . / ext . bloomsbury square entrance hall - day . 9 56 * libby , the housekeeper and thomas , the butler stand on ceremony . Maids help the mansfield lady as they disrobe . on dido as she gaze fall on mabel ( 20 ) , a black may help elizabeth with she hat . a beat as dido stiffen . lady mansfield Light the fire for dinner , will you , Thomas . on mabel as she catch dido be stare , force dido to avert she gaze quickly , turn she back to distance herself . 57 int . bloomsbury sq . dido and elizabeth' bedroom . night.9 57 * the soft light of oil lamp . dido , in night - clothes , drag a brush through tight ringlet . she stop , observe , a moment as elizabeth run a comb through she own silken hair . dido you be so beautiful , bette . I hope you match be the most wonderful of all gentleman . 43. on elizabeth wide eye , then move as she eye brim . a tentative knock and mabel enter - dido become tense . mabel speak gently - strong welsh accent . mabel some bed sock for you , miss Murray , miss Lindsay . it 's not as warm as we hope tonight she hand a pair each to the girl . elizabeth , thank you mabel ... how kind . mabel pause as dido struggle with she hair . mabel can I help you with that , miss Lindsay ? on dido , self -conscious under mabel be stare . dido mabel , I be fine - thank you ! she struggle once again , wrenching the brush . mabel you must start from the end , miss . dido stare at she - a long beat . CUT to : candle light face ... dido 's reflection in the mirror - she hair separate into four section . in the reflection bg , elizabeth sit serenely watch mabel brush through each section from end to root . mabel ( cont 'd ) my Mam teach I , see ? dido stare at she a moment , some kind of pain resonate in she eye as she face soften and she begin to relax . 58 ext . mayfair . ashford home . day.10 58 * the four mansfield lady step from the carriage . before they , a huge georgian home . all four take it in . lady mansfield promise I you will change that vulgar teal paint , if you ever become lady of this home . it be positively want , Elizabeth . 44 . 59 ext . mayfair . ashford home . garden . day.10 59 * a sophisticated landscape , very much in keep with lady ashford be sense of style . a may step out - lady mansfield follow with the four mansfield woman . elizabeth beam . maid Lady mansfield , lady mary and they niece , madam . lady ashford move towards they , face bright with ambition . lady ashford lady . lady mansfield Lady ashford . the girl curtsey . lady mansfield ( cont 'd ) and the gentleman ? Mr James ? lady ashford ( reassure ) here , of course . very little could have prevent he , know that miss Murray would visit today . elizabeth could burst . she look up to see jame and oliver approach from the North side of the garden . CUT to : the lady sip drink as lord ashford appear from the house , a man with presence ( 5as ) cultivate and astute . he move to oliver , observe dido , under a nearby tree . lord ashford Lord mansfield 's infamous mulatto . no wonder we ` Lord Chief justice know not whether he be come or go ! not you usual game , Oliver . oliver examine he father . lord ashford ( cont 'd ) she can not know you thought unless you offer they to she . he move off , leave oliver pensive . 45 . lord ashford ( cont 'd ) the lady mansfield ! as sweet on the eye as the freshest flower in bloom .... ( off Lady m 's laughter ) what be in that glass ? on oliver as he move to the pond . in the bg ... lady ashford grenadine syrup ... lady mary and port !! lady mansfield which have go to my head already ! elizabeth be knelt at the pond 's edge with jame - a paper boat float on the water , toppling over to a unanimous cry . oliver watch as dido approach . his eye light up . elizabeth oh dido look - Mr James have make I a boat and it have capsize . jame stretch a branch into the lake to rescue the boat . dido what a dreadful shame . oliver collect paper from the grass . close on he hand as he fold it into a boat under dido be nose . oliver ( to dido , earnest ) for you . she smile , can not help be charme . dido thank you . he place it in the water , stand and examine dido . from afar , lady mansfield watch . oliver miss Lindsay , would you do I the honour of take some air with I , some time ? dido be dumbstruck - what to say ? jame be halt . jame do not you care what people will say 46 . dido be jolted by the antangonism in jame ' tone - elizabeth too - it pierce she and she speak up . elizabeth what be that to mean Mr James ? what should anyone say ?! jame hesitates , then ... jame that he should compromise a lady 's reputation by step out with she - scarcely have make she acquaintance ! oliver I think you be a great deal too anxious , brother . we should merely take a turn around vauxhall . dido observe jame - his protestation be bitter . she trace oliver be feature , warmly . dido I should be delighted , Mr Oliver ! most delighted . 60 int . mansfield carriage . london street . day.10 60 * on the move through London street . lady mansfield and mary sit quietly . elizabeth whisper to dido . elizabeth be you really to defy papaa ? dido say nothing , turn to stare out of the window . 61 ext . vauxhall pleasure garden . dusk / night.11 61 * teaming with parasol , fountain , and hide pathway . 61.1 : jame and elizabeth stroll , follow by dido and oliver , then , lady mansfield , mary , and ashford . lady mansfield ( re. dido with Oliver ) I be not at ease with this . Lord mansfield would be most aggrieve . lady ashford oh it can do no harm . this be simply two family , enjoy a day together . lady mansfield take a unhappy breath , burden . 47 . lady ashford ( cont 'd ) though surely ... if a desirable match be a ... certain ... possibility you dear husband could have no objection , could he ? lady mansfield , turn slowly to regard lady ashford , arouse by the insinuation and alarmed at the same time . she look back to dido and oliver , wide eye . oliver well I do not think I would ever find a lady who be not to be conquer or ignore ... until you . dido ah now how do I know this be not just another tactic in you battle to conquer ? he stop , take she hand and place it on in he chest . oliver see how my heart beat . she let she hand rest a moment . oliver ( cont 'd ) I be utterly take with you , miss Lindsay . dido despite ... such pronounce protestation from you brother ? oliver he cannot overlook you mother 's origin , as I do . foolish . why should anyone even pay she regard when you better half have equip you so well with loveliness and privilege . dido be stung . oliver shrug , oblivious . the sound of handel filter from a nearby concert . dido try hard to recover . dido what a lovely sound . he smile at she , study she ... mischievous ... oliver you be unrelentingly culture . come , let 's find it ! he take she waist spin she round with he into another pathway , disappear from the other , giggle as they go . 48 . lady mansfield people will think she have no family ! lady ashford . people will think they be court ! lady mansfield and lady mary exchange a look . lady mary be somehow soften - she eye appeal to lady mansfield ... lady mary let she enjoy he society . lady mansfield be effect - read mary be emotion . 61.2 : a open pavilion with classical concert . on oliver and dido watch . oliver I might only have dream of this moment , at one time . dido smile - allow herself to be flatter . dido really ? you be much of the conqueror Mr Oliver . he chuckle , bring he hand up to brush she cheek , gently . she smile just as she eye fall on the back of a gentleman 's head , shoulder - he movement somehow familiar . the sight root she , uncertain of what she see . and then he turn to address another , and he profile become clear . it be JOHN davinier . in that moment , he flick he head round and he gaze fall on she - a beat between they then he eye fall on oliver . JOHN excuse himself from other and make he way across . JOHN miss Lindsay . dido ( flushed ) Mr davinier . how ...how nice to see you . JOHN and you , miss Lindsay . he look to oliver . dido forgive I - Mr ashford , may I present to you ... Mr davinier . ( she smile awkward ) ( more ) 49 . dido ( cont 'd ) he be the son of we vicar at hampstead , and be .. well , almost father 's pupil ... oliver a clergyman ! ( a `off ' smile ) good day , to you ... sir. oliver bow , manfully , assert he great status . JOHN sir. ( beat ) my regards to you family , miss Lindsay . unexpect hope fill she . dido Elizabeth and mamaa be here ... in fact . dido watch as JOHN nod politely and move off , return to he company - male and all of a similar type to he . on oliver , as he take in JOHN be effect on dido . CUT to : 61.3 . the spit and bang of spectacular firework . oliver stand engross as the sky light up . dido look up at he . she waver . then ... slowly she back away from the crowd CUT to : 61.4 dido walk quickly - follow the sound of the concert to find she way back to JOHN . her Pov : JOHN listen diligently to the music . he double take at the sight of she hover at the edge of the concert . he stand alarmed , negotiate he way to she . JOHN ( dismay ) miss Lindsay , you be alone !! dido I do not have the chance to see you before you leave ... Mr davinier ...to convey my apology . JOHN apology ...? dido you pupilage . Father would never have end it ... you ... you never would have have to leave kenwood be it not ... 50 . his eye soften as he look at she ... JOHN he would make mine a live hell , be he to know of we speak . dido tug he into a quiet lane , away from the concert and promenade . hardly a breath and bam !! she be slam against a wall maze , suddenly !! JOHN press against she tightly ! confused , she gaze dart around she , find lady mansfield and lady ashford amble past along a cross path , oblivious . dido freeze - hold tightly against JOHN . she stare panicked into he eye and he into hers . 61.5:cutaway so they do not see elizabeth as she stroll by with jame - her gaze fall on JOHN and dido , instantly . elizabeth be stunne !!!! but do not falter . 61.4 cont 'd : as dido and JOHN look back - nothing but anonymous stranger , leave they none the wiser to be discover . JOHN pull away , embarrassed ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) forgive I . she nod , equally bashful . they regard each other . dido what be you do here in London Mr davinier ? JOHN I be under a third cousin - a solicitor , here . nothing more than petty dispute between unsavoury landlord and debauch tenant , but I cannot discount it . dido not what you wish for . JOHN I have not give up on the inn . nothing worth have in life come easily . dido ( flushed ) where be my manners ? I trust the future Mrs davinier be well . JOHN very well ... thank you . 51 . dido be unexpectedly strike - recover herself . dido I have try to keep up - with the Zong . this past week . JOHN ( agitate ) tis pitiful ! such inability to simply know what value to put on another 's life . dido ( bitterly ) what price , a worthless negro . JOHN ( frustrated ) you utterly misunderstand I . I be say that no man may have the value of that of cargo !!! human being can not be priced , since we be priceless !! freemen and slave alike ! her eye begin to sting at the `integrity ' in he word . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( enthuse ) I be with other here . we be all student in law - apply pressure on the insurance company to refuse from here on to insure slave on any ship . a simple clause . dido but that would require a change of law . I know nothing but ... JOHN a change in law - something the insurance company can lobby for if they can be persuade to band together . ( softly , ) we may only be student , but ... change be most always precipitate by the young . ( shrug - poignant ) someone have to have the courage . how can we expect to be civilise if we live in a barbaric world . his word wind she as JOHN shake he head , frustrated . she take he in - he be so very handsome ! 52 . JOHN ( cont 'd ) it be the utter injustice ... the industrial slaughter of so many . dido stare at he earnestly . dido no . it be more than that . it 's the shame of a law that would uphold a financial transaction upon that atrocity . she be scathing and accept all at once , affect he . JOHN that be indeed the truth . they eye be lock . a intimate beat that perturb she . dido I have never hear anyone speak like you . JOHN nor I , you , miss Lindsay . he be emotional , it perturb he too , now . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you must return . they will be anxious . should I follow to see you safely . dido no we can not risk it . he nod - study she .... JOHN good bye , miss Lindsay . ( he pause ) I suspect , we will never see each other again . the think strike dido , uneasily . dido good bye , Mr davinier . she turn , prepare herself . JOHN miss Lindsay ?!! ( tentative ) we ... commune at the coach Inn - kentish town...most evening .. 53. he trail off awkwardly . she falter . dido quite . a beat as they regard each other - then she move off . CUT to : 61.6 : the whirl of the pleasure garden ... dido alone - search hard for oliver or the other . her pace quicken as a hand come down on she shoulder , take she breath away . oliver I do not dare return to Lady mansfield without you . dido ( relieved ) i.. I be terribly sorry . I think I see the other , I go after they .... and find myself lose . oliver study she - she be so nervous ... what be she hide ? a moment - then he eye become forgive . CUT to : 61.7 on lady mansfield , mary , ashford , seat on a bench . lady mansfield it 's almost dark ! lady ashford look , here be James and miss Murray . elizabeth and jame approach , sit on the bench opposite . elizabeth I do hope you know how well I think of you . jame as I do you . elizabeth then I hope , Sir , you plan to honour you attention ... as not to would leave I look ... quite foolish . jame and I should not call myself a gentleman ! satisfaction wash over she . as dido and oliver appear , lady * mansfield let we a cry of relief , go to say something - * lady ashford lay a finger across lady mansfield 's lip . * 54 . lady ashford say nothing ! this have all be for the good of the future , I assure you ! CUT to : 61.8 : the two couple and lady stroll back to the carriage . lady ashford ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth be a determine spirit . lady mansfield she be . they stare at the couple ahead . lady ashford she will need a gentleman who can temper she . quite a task . she fix on lady mansfield , let she eye do the talk ... lady mansfield exchange a look with lady mary . lady mansfield ( to Lady ashford ) do I sense that a address be finally to be make ? lady ashford go carefully ... lady ashford she be a exquisite girl ... ( with relish ) and ... since there be no male heir and ... it will therefore fall upon Elizabeth and she husband to eventually inherit all of kenwood and its land ... colour drain from lady mansfield . lady mary close she eye , dismay . lady mansfield Lady ashford , may I ... lady ashford ... I realise there will be no end of worthy address to consider . on lady mansfield as she too close she eye at the strain . lady ashford ( cont 'd ) my dear ? Lady mansfield , what be it ? 55 . 62 int . ashford carriage - night.11 62 * jame penniless ? lady ashford ( disgust ) without a inch of property , or shilling to she name ! oliver chuckle . lady ashford rest she hand on jame ' knee . lady ashford ( cont 'd ) you situation can attract so much better , James . she bring nothing but name . a real lady be bless with so much more . oliver ( sardonic ) do you hear that , James ? a lady 's good breeding alone will not do ! lady ashford ( to Oliver ) you brother need a wife who will bring he further land ! lot !... if he be ever to exert more political influence than you father have . jame but what of she own father ? lady ashford the seventh viscount stormont be a scoundrel . ensconce in Vienna with the girl 's vicious step - mamaa and he new offspring - who I be tell be to inherit everything . she shake she head , stare through the carriage window . lady ashford ( cont 'd ) I must say , pen-ni-less ! thankfully she cousin be not . it be true that on each occasion I lay eye upon that girl , she become more beautiful . oliver shift , perturb - dido , indeed , on he mind . jame she have the colour of a farmer . lady ashford James , we do not talk about that , any longer . 56 . jame be this really the very best you aspire to , Oliver ? to introduce some woman of obscure birth into the family lineage ? lady ashford James - you be my first boy - bless by law to inherit you father 's wealth . be sympathetic to you brother . like the unfortunate miss Murray - a good family name and empty pocket will only get he so far !! oliver close he eye , privately humiliate . 63 int / ext . bloomsbury sq . drawing room - day.12 63 * lady mansfield look up from she embroidery - sound of a carriage round into the square . at the window . lady mansfield good heaven , Lord mansfield have arrive a day early ! lady mary move quickly to look down on the street . her Pov : below , lord mansfield be carriage outside . lady mary ( call out ) mabel ! freshen the flower ! 64 int . / ext . bloomsbury sq . entrance hall - day.12 64 * a trunk hit the flagstone . a footman enter with another . 65 int . bloomsbury sq . breakfast room . day.13 65 * a beautifully laid out breakfast - a spray of purple lavender , silver and porcelain . mabel smile privately at dido as she lay some bread on the table . dido watch she leave . dido look to the newly arrive lord mansfield , as he sit . dido ( facetious ) be mabel a slave ? lady mansfield almost choke on she porridge . lord mansfield I beg you pardon ? 57 . dido be - mabel -a-slave ! lord mansfield swallow hard , he jaw tighten . lord mansfield she be free and under we protection . dido ( twice as facetious ) o! like I ! elizabeth hardly , dido ! lord mansfield and pay a very respectable wage . dido take a mouthful of breakfast , goad she father further . dido how be the fraud appeal papaa ? lord mansfield fraud ? dido the marine insurance . it be a fraud case , be it not ? lord mansfield that would depend on to whom you may speak . dido to cull you `cargo ' ? to do it solely to claim insurance because it be too disease to achieve a good price at market ? if not fraud , then what ? lord mansfield do you speak on my behalf , dido ? lady mansfield oh will you please stop ! she slam down she napkin . lady mansfield ( cont 'd ) this be a vulgar subject to be discuss at breakfast dido and lord mansfield be lock in a stand - off . a bitter silence . lady mary venture to change the subject . 58 . lady mary I learn yesterday that Mr davinier be in town . dido stiffen . elizabeth stare across at she , privately . lord mansfield make sense . dido be beginning to sound very much like he . dido have lose she appetite . dido Excuse I . she get up and be go . 66 int . lord mansfield london chamber . hallway day.13 66 * lord mansfield move through hallway , robe , wigge , he full authority apparent . lord ashford walk beside he . lord ashford I have the pleasure of lay eye on you adopt girl . lord mansfield ( facetious ) which one ? lord ashford you have raise a lovely young lady ... and , though I understand she be keep under interesting rule , she raise question . lord mansfield spit it out . lord ashford her introduction to society come at a key time in the insurance appeal . parliament be nervous that you `family situation ' will colour you judgement . lord mansfield I will neither be pressured from the inside - or the outside . lord ashford come to a stop . lord ashford ( calm ) you be the high judge in the land . ( more ) 59 . lord ashford ( cont 'd ) in you , they see a man who be of the persuasion and position to bring down the major trade of we time and the commercial health of this country . some will say , next to we king , you be the most powerful man in England . and the same will ask how you , we Chief justice can be fair ? lord mansfield how ? rule be in place to dictate how we live - be that not the case , I would not have have the mandate to give shelter to my nephew 's child . he struggle with he emotion . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) she be he blood - mine ! and rightfully have entitlement to grow up on the family estate . ( aggrieve ) the parliamentarian may challenge I - let they ! I can tell you all , if the law support the Zong 's slave owner as strongly as Murray blood run through dido Belle 's vein - make no mistake - the insurer will be force to pay up ! lord ashford be affect . he regards lord mansfield . lord ashford ( softly ) I believe you . he raise a eyebrow . then ... lord ashford ( cont 'd ) I have reason to speak with you on another matter . lord mansfield oh ? lord ashford ( tentative ) I have a wish to seal the bond between the ashford and mansfield name . it would , however , require some relax of you most stringent rule , I must add ! lord mansfield come to a halt again . 60 . lord mansfield be that so ? 67 int . bloomsbury sq . drawing room . night.13 67 * lord mansfield step into the room . lady mansfield turn from the window . they lock gaze in a grave moment . lord mansfield I have have reason to speak with Lord ashford . lady mansfield and I to Lady ashford . ( beat ) be we in agreement ? lord mansfield we be . ( long beat ) you once ask I , who would look after she when we be go . money be no substitute for a man 's protection . I can not deny she a match so suitable . lady mansfield nod , satisfied . 68 int . bloomsbury sq . marble room . day . 14 68 * the girl be embroider with lady mary . mabel enter . elizabeth whatever do happen in the end , aunt Mary ? with you gentleman friend . lady mary look up surprised dido study she curious . lady mary he never marry . cousin marjorie write I last year , that he have die after a long illness . she look down and continue to sew . dido fight tear , unexpectedly affect . elizabeth take she aunt 's hand . elizabeth oh aunt Mary ... mabel pardon I . Mr ashford be here for you , miss . dido and elizabeth look back at she , then at each other . 61 . dido / elizabeth which Mr ashford ? mabel o excuse I ! Mr Oliver , for you , miss Lindsay . lady mary take it all in , with a special interest . 69 int . bloomsbury sq . ground fl.corridor / drawing room.day.14 69 * as dido enter , oliver stand with lady mansfield , both fix on she . lady mansfield take dido be hand , gently . lady mansfield you need worry about nothing . you papaa have be deal with . she disappear , leave dido lose . a nervous silence . oliver hello , miss Lindsay . dido Mr Oliver . oliver I do hope my reason for be here will bring you as much happiness as it bring I . dido swallow hard . in the corridor - lady mansfield and mary listen through a crack in the doorway . in the drawing room - oliver move closer to dido . oliver ( cont 'd ) I think ... well , I know ... that we make a rather good match . ( he pause ) Father have purchase I a commission in the navy - as colonel - be that not the rank you blood father first purchase ? dido ( anxious ) yes . indeed it be . oliver so I feel my career be now set . all that remain ... a long beat . oliver gather he courage ... 62 . oliver ( cont 'd ) I can not offer you a title , miss Lindsay ..for the next ` Lady ashford ' ... well that title must fall to my brother 's wife ... ( huge , nervous breath ) what I be try to say be , I can without doubt , offer you all that be due to ` Mrs Oliver ashford ' and ... and I trust that this would be acceptable to you . ( he hesitates ) since ... it would very much be my privilege ... my honour , if you would agree to become my wife . he take something from he top pocket . dido look down , find a large black sapphire glisten in he finger ... in the corridor . lady mary I can not see ...! lady mansfield shooosh ! on the stair , elizabeth slow , as she approach . elizabeth what be you do ? lady mansfield quiet , Elizabeth ! in the drawing room - dido be still stare at the ring . dido good Lord , Mr Oliver ! you ... you wife ? Mrs ashford ?! she repeat the title and conflict wash over she . dido ( cont 'd ) I ... ( swallow hard . ) ... I cannot ... ( she pause ) I cannot ... think of anything ... more wonderful ! he stare at she . she look back at he , stunne . in the corridor .... lady mansfield ( overjoy ) she have agree ! o... 63. elizabeth agreed ? lady mansfield throw open the door , elate . lady mansfield o...! oliver stand , he chest burst with pride . dido shell - shocked , hold up she ring finger - the sapphire flash . dido mamaa , we be engage ! lady mansfield eye fill . she touch dido be face softly . * dido ( cont 'd ) it be a good thing , be it not , mamaa ? lady mansfield ( whisper , poignant ) * you be my heart - from the * moment I see you . I only want you * to be happy . * lady mary wipe a tear , discreet as elizabeth stand , roote . 70 int . bloomsbury sq . dido &amp ; elizabeth' bedroom . night.14 70 * darkness . elizabeth whisper softly . elizabeth dido ... be there any message for I ? dido hesitates a moment - then whisper back just as softly dido no , bette ( beat ) but .. I be sure it * will not be long . elizabeth think a moment - then muster a smile for dido . elizabeth what do it feel like dido ? to be engage ? dido be strike . she falter , privately , as she think . dido ( unsure ) perfect , bette - pefect . CUT to : later . dido awake as elizabeth sleep . dido slip from bed . 64 . she sit alone at the window , silhouett by moonlight . 71 int . bloomsbury square . breakfast room . day.15 71 * informal breakfast . lord mansfield approach in a bustle of importance and sit . lady mansfield and lady mary exchange tense glance . dido consider whether to speak , then ... dido papaa . he look up . dido be sincere . dido ( cont 'd ) thank you . lord mansfield nod . tension be relieved . lady mansfield we be to make many call today , Elizabeth . acquaint oneself with the most eligible gentleman be not light business . elizabeth should we not wait a day or two - for Mr James ? lady mary Elizabeth - some advice . wait for no man , dear ! she pick up she pamphlet . on the back , a headline read : Student Politics put rise to pain of insurer . on dido as she double take . elizabeth follow dido be gaze . lady mansfield will you join we , dido ? ( no response ) dido ? she be absorb in the headline . absolutely roote . dido i.. I be terribly light head this morning , mamaa . I should like to take rest if it would not displease you . lady mansfield oh dear ! unwell ? and just as we be to announce you news ! 65 . 72 int . bloomsbury sq . stair / ground floor corridor . day . 15 72 * dido stand at the top of the sweeping stair , watch as elizabeth and lady mansfield fuss , before disappear to they carriage ... on dido as she think a moment . 73 int . bloomsbury sq . stair / ground floor . day . 15 73 * dido quickly make she way down - a hood figure , carry two scroll . 74 ext . bloomsbury sq . mansfield home . day.15 74 * Harry be asleep at he seat . dido reach up on tiptoe . dido Harry ! Harry ! he wake with a start . dido ( cont 'd ) Harry , I need you help . I need you to take I somewhere . harry alone , miss ? dido I shall not be alone , I shall be with you . ( off Harry , reticent ) please - Harry . if you do not take I , I shall be force to go alone . 75 ext . mansfield carriage . kentish town street . day.15 75 * sunset . on harry negotiate the carriage through bedlam - he anonymous passenger inside , curtain close . 76 int . mansfield carriage . day.15 76 * dido steady herself with a deep breath as the carriage come to a halt . she draw the curtain back slightly . her Pov : the exterior of the coach Inn . 77 int . coaching inn . day.15 77 * Pov , negotiate the dark crowded inn - a intellectual brood , mostly man in they own little clique , discuss the woe of the world and nursing malt beer . we find JOHN - in amongst he group , a intense discussion in full swing , a table laid with pamphlet , papers . 66 . a huge figure approach . JOHN stop mid speech , stare up . harry Mr davinier ? JOHN take a moment - he 's alarmed , but somehow , this man be familiar - then ... uncertain ... JOHN Harry ? 78 ext . coaching inn / int . mansfield carriage . day.15 78 * dido wait nervously . suddenly , she breath be take away as the carriage door open . JOHN miss Lindsay ! as he climb inside . he be stunne , flustered . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I ... dido Mr davinier . it make he breathless just to see she there . a beat pass . JOHN I do not expect ...! be you to come inside ?... be ...? dido no ... it would be dangerous . JOHN ( feel foolish ) yes. indeed . dido oh Mr davinier ... I be so proud of you . I be so proud of what you be do and ... achieve . JOHN no . we have achieve little .... she lift he face to hers , earnestly . dido at least thirty per cent of insurer be with you ! it be a start . it be a real start . they be stare straight into each other 's eye . she pull she hand away , self consciously . 67 . dido ( cont 'd ) I have something to show you . she collect the two scroll beside she , each ribbon tie . she hand one to JOHN , smoothing the other on she lap . dido ( cont 'd ) it be say all of the ship 's papers have be `lost ' ... but ...here ... I find this in papaa 's library . JOHN what be they ? dido papaa 's note on the ship 's log . it seem the first mate have come forward with it - one Mr stubb . I could not find the log itself , but look at papaa 's marking - see the map position - from December 29th , Captain collingwood and he man direct the ship past no less than eight port where , you see .... ( she point to map ) ... there be every opportunity to stop and replenish the ship 's water supplies . JOHN study the log and map together . JOHN good Lord ! dido and they do not ! they either ignore the possibility , or they be never in need . JOHN be gaze dart from note to the map , absorb . JOHN this ... this be remarkable . he look up from the papers . dido be still tentative . dido be it ? perhaps if you make this fact know , Mr davinier JOHN but this place you in a impossible position with Lord mansfield . 68 . dido what be the alternative ? his face search hers ... JOHN walk with I , miss Lindsay . the back of the Inn have the canal , ( he laugh ) nobody but blind drunk . 79 int . bloomsbury sq . drawing room . low SUN . day.15 79 * a beautiful light fill the room . mabel distribute candle as lord mansfield enter - informal and without wig . lord mansfield where be everybody , mabel ? the carriage be go . mabel Lady mansfield and miss Murray be out call , you lordship . lord mansfield and dido also ? mabel erm ... I believe so . lord mansfield stare at she irritate - peculiar girl ! lord mansfield well be she , or be not she ? mabel waver , attempt to sound convincing . mabel yes . she be , m'lord . lord mansfield watch as she stiffly move from the room . he go to ask something more ... then think better of it . 80 ext . kentish town . canal side . low SUN : last embers.eve.15 80 * the sun be almost down . a hood dido walk beside JOHN . dido papaa would rather I see no ill , as though by ignore it , it some how escape I - perhaps by position but not ... not by blood 69 . JOHN ( conciliatory ) the fault be never with you . he stop a beat as he catch she gaze on a paint metal sign swinging from the back of a inn . it show a go , hat in hand , he black servant bow behind he . JOHN ( cont 'd ) ( unsure ) miss Lindsay ? dido just as in life , we be no better in painting ... he follow she gaze back to the image and realisation hit . JOHN you be afraid . dido afraid ? JOHN to be paint - to be paint beside miss Murray ( off she discomfort ) and I ridicule you . ( swallow hard ) I feel ashamed . she look back at he earnestly ... dido do not feel ashamed . ( she observe he ) Elizabeth say something when we arrive in London . she say : ( recount ) we be but they property . JOHN whose ? dido gentlemen 's . we woman be but the property of gentleman . that be the way it be , in law and in life , be it not ? JOHN nod , uneasily . dido think aloud . dido ( cont 'd ) and it come into my head that I have be bless with freedom twice over ? as a negro and as a woman ? 70 . JOHN I suppose you have , yes ! dido or have I ? ( ( she mind tick over ) must not a lady marry , even if she be financially secure ? for who be she , without a husband of consequence ? ( she ponder ) it seem silly - like a free negro who beg for a master ! JOHN unless she marries she equal . her true equal - a man who respects she . dido be silent . she steal a glance at he . dido I remember my papaa 's eye . they be kind , gentle ... a little like yours ... JOHN mine ? dido ( embarrassed ) I mean ... in colour . grey . ( long beat ) he show I much love , though I know he only a few hour . JOHN that be terribly move . ( off she reaction ) what of you mother ? dido she be a ghost in my life - present in my reflection , in each scowl I receive , yet I know very little of she than the colour she have give I . JOHN ( move ) then at the least , you know she be beautiful . they come to a halt . dido 's eye begin to sting . dido I have never feel it . 71 . JOHN have ? they observe each other a moment . will they kiss ? dido pull back , nervous of the intimacy . dido I be to marry , shortly - Mr ashford . JOHN falter but try to recover . JOHN oh ! she begin to walk again - compose herself . dido he be amiable and of good family . JOHN be it ... what you want ? she stop . the question strike she . dido the alternative be to replace Lady Mary in she responsibility at kenwood . JOHN but she be a spinster . dido papaa do not trust I could achieve a match that might raise my rank - or even equal it . JOHN search she , then gently ... JOHN you ... be above reduce yourself for the sake of rank . she stare at he , freeze - he word bury somewhere deep . she study he , harder . he move towards she , let he breath settle on she face . they be both deadly nervous . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I pray he would marry you without a penny to you name - for that be a man who will truly treasure you ! dido search he . he take she hand , bring it to he lip , kissing it gently send a shiver through she . JOHN ( cont 'd ) I will take you back to you coach . 72 . off dido reeling , from the moment . 81 int . bloomsbury sq . entrance hall.dusk : last embers.eve.15 81 * dido enter the house , terrify , as she take off she hood . mabel pass in the corridor . dido be anyone home , mabel ? mabel Lord mansfield . ( dido 's heart plummet ) I say you be out with Lady mansfield and miss Murray off dido be relief / gratitude . she make she way up the stair quickly . 82 int . bloomsbury sq . dido / elizabeth' bedroom - eve.15 82 * elizabeth fall back onto she bed , frustrated . elizabeth urghhh ! what if I shall never find someone so ... so incomparably suitable ... and wealthy ?! dido what if he be suitable but you do not feel ... ` yourself ' with he ? elizabeth oh dido ! he understand I . ( beat ) and whenever ... whenever ... he look at I ... I somehow feel better in this world ... elizabeth be voice trail . her word force dido to turn away . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I be convinced he affection be grow ... and I feel certain of my own love . dido oh bette , stop it ! it be not love !! elizabeth dido ! you stop it , will not you ? you know no more of love than I myself , do you ?! ( deliberately point ) do you dido ? 73. she hold she to account - willing dido to open up to she . dido stare daunt , then ... dido no . beat . elizabeth swallow hard , disappointed . elizabeth then what better right do you have to name what I be feel than I ? off dido affect . 83 ext . london . thame river bankside . day.16 83 * decandence personify ... a beautiful picnic , shade by tree . punt float up and down lackadaisically . elizabeth listen as lady mansfield interrogates a gentleman . lady mansfield how charming . be that not charming , Elizabeth ? and tell I , be you a only son ? gentleman 1 I have six brother , madam . lady mansfield be smile stiffen . lady mansfield six ! goodness !...all ..? he know where this be go ... defeat ... gentleman 1 ... all older , madam , yes . her smile fall away . lady mansfield be that not a most fascinating display ? he turn to look at the bush of flower behind he . when he turn back , lady mansfield and elizabeth be go . on baroness vernon ( 5as ) who pass on a punt , utterly captivate as she wave . her eye be on dido , stunningly beautiful in fuchsia , beside oliver . baroness vernon oh how dreadfully wonderful Lady M. you girl be a picture ... a utter picture ! with she ...' intend ' ? lady mansfield indeed , baroness Vernon . 74 . baroness vernon ( re. elizabeth ) and I see the other do not give up ... so terribly endear ! she stare across at elizabeth - on bette' contempt . baroness vernon ( cont 'd ) now have she meet Mr willoughby ... she point to a go and lean into the bankside ... baroness vernon ( cont 'd ) a very eligible widower - Three thousand yearly and no heir ... yet ! her punt move off as she wave gauche to two gentleman pass in another . baroness vernon ( cont 'd ) Mr Francis , Mr Smith ...!!! you must meet the mansfield girl ! ( she mouth ) still available !! elizabeth ( anxious ) mamaa , Mr vaughan approach . a slender , dapper go move towards we on the river bank . lady mansfield now I have check and he have no London home , but I have good information he achieve a income no less than four thousand a year ! elizabeth 's mouth fall open .... mr vaughan miss Murray . Lady mansfield . elizabeth curtsey . mr vaughan ( cont 'd ) I trust you stay in London be prove pleasant , miss Murray . elizabeth ( earnest ) oh most certainly . mr vaughan miss Murray , I wonder , if you might permit I to call upon you at home , sometime ? 75 . elizabeth oh ! she look to she mother , stunne , he gaze follow ... mr vaughan with she ladyship 's permission ? lady mansfield I shall make arrangement . on dido , as oliver chat to other . she move past as ... lady ashford a pity Lady mansfield and I could not do business on James and miss Murray . lady mary a great pity you reject she . lady ashford let we not dwell on the unfortunate . Oliver and miss Lindsay be a blissful match . tell I , when exactly do she receive she inheritance ? as dido observe she reflection in water - easy laughter float by - a group of gentleman josh . a figure beside she turn - icy blue stare take she in as she meet he gaze and find herself stare into the eye of jame ashford . jame ashford . miss Lindsay . not husband hunt , be we ? ( off dido 's disdain ) good Lord , I forget - you have ensnare my brother . now be he to share he dining room with you , as well as he bed ?? his word bury deep and painful . dido oh , Mr James , you manners be as poor as you brother 's finances . jame and you be foolish enough to marry he . I on the other have no better use for you impoverish cousin !... ( beat ) ... though she do make for rather amusing sport ! 76 . she follow he gaze through tree to elizabeth breathe in the scent of the azalea beside mr vaughan . the josh gentleman trickle away leave only dido and jame . she go to move off . jame grab she arm , spitefully . dido that be painful , sir . jame have you never be manhandle ? dido it be not in my repertoire to keep company with beast . he regards she - she disdain reflect in he eye . his free hand come up , finger rest on she lip , then spread , as he crush she beauty in he hand . her eye fill as he bring she close . so close . she be afraid , angry . she struggle desperately , spirite , both arouse and alarming he . as she tear herself from he dido ( cont 'd ) how dare you ? how dare you ! he stare at she - take she in , calmly . then ... jame with ease . dido waver nauseous with contempt . jame move off . she watch , incense , humiliate . elizabeth stroll with mr vaughan , as jame pass oliver , he whisper to he brother . jame ( cont 'd ) you will destroy we . you will destroy the entire order of we family . nearby , dido emerge from the tree ... lady ashford Oliver have be search for you ! lady mansfield note dido be odd demeanour , lady mary too . her eye dart suspiciously to jame as he approach . lady mansfield be you unwell , my dear ? dido 's affect eye come up to meet she mother 's . she go to answer ... interrupt as ... elizabeth gasp overwhelm ... elizabeth oh !.. Mr James ! 77 . a distress dido follow she gaze back to jame . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) Lady ashford , you have not mention Mr James be to attend ! lady ashford surprisingly . lady ashford close she eye , livid . vaughan stand usurped . jame lady . ( off dido 's reaction ) miss Murray . he kiss elizabeth be hand oh so gently , for dido ' S benefit . lady mansfield 's heart sink . off dido , turbulent . 84 ext . bloomsbury sq . dido and elizabeth' bedroom . day.17 84 * dido sit at the window , a sad figure . a montage of shot over different day follows ... 85 ext . kentish town . water mill . day.17 85 * a busy area - as worker traipse up and down . JOHN I have never imagine myself to be marry . but my aunt be determine . it be true that if one be to count , I have not even be acquainted with miss Beresford on three occasion . dido be she not terribly disappointed that you will not return to hampstead ? JOHN ( ironic ) my aunt ? they begin to laugh ... it 's good to see dido laugh . JOHN ( cont 'd ) JOHN I doubt miss Beresford have anymore wish to marry I than I she . I should rather make a nuisance of myself alone in London , than in a unwanted marriage in hampstead ... they laughter carry ... 78 . 86 ext . kentish town . back alley . day.18 86 * a new day ... bustling , behind the canal . dido and JOHN stroll . JOHN be you a curious child ? dido completely . Elizabeth , always ask the question for I ... then take blame for the impropriety when in fact she be protect I ! dear , dear bette . laughter ... Pov : a pamphlet lie on the ground . it read : lord mansfield , the zong and the death of england's trade . JOHN watch as dido take in the headline ... 87 ext . kentish town . canal day.19 87 * another day .... on JOHN and dido as they meander . dido ... I find myself unable to sleep . papaa be to finally speak in a few day and ... well ... JOHN it be quite extraordinary ... but I fear ... I fear despite persuasive argument ... you papaa have not be move . ( despondent ) I be not certain he be ready to go against the trader - they be some of the most powerful in this isle - theirs be the finances that hold up England , after all . the enemy of any man who stand against the trade would be vicious . dido stop , turn JOHN to face she . she be intense ... dido and yet if he do ... stand up ... if he speak the word and condemn the trade ... the Lord Chief justice of England ... it may be impossible for the slave law of England and its colony to remain absolute . be that correct ? 79 . JOHN that ... that be a fact . a tear spill . as JOHN be hand come up to wipe it away ... CUT to 88 int . bloomsbury sq . entrance hall . day.19 88 * dido step into the house , hood , tip -toe to the stair . lord mansfield step from the shadow , watch quietly , as she creep up the stair , silently . he think a moment - then hear the horse neigh out front . he move to the front door . 89 ext . bloomsbury sq . mansfield house . continuous day.19 89 * Pov - harry disembark , alarmed as he see lord mansfield 's gaze on he . a ominous beat . 90 int . bloomsbury sq . drawing room - day.20 90 * elizabeth at the pianoforte , raise a sweet sound . dido appear in the doorway , listen a moment , then move to join elizabeth , use only the one hand to play . a harmony emerge , continue to its natural end . elizabeth I have hear nothing from he , since vauxhall , dido . I be certain a announcement be to be make any day ... that he mean it this time ! dido then he be not a man of he word . elizabeth stare at the piano key . dido be pain for she . dido ( cont 'd ) I will help you find the kindest most wonderful of husband . ( off bette 's sadness ) and I shall ask papaa to use a portion of my inheritance for you dowry . elizabeth you would do that ? for I ? dido bette , anything for you ! 80 . elizabeth be eye brim . elizabeth dido ... she hug dido tight . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I have be of the mind this last few day ... that it be my little mean that have delay James in make he approach . dido regards she , sadly - tentative as she venture ... dido I think you may be right . elizabeth then I cannot thank you enough . dido bette ...? elizabeth stand , brighter , smoothing she clothes . elizabeth I will ask papaa to write immediately to Lady ashford . dido no ! elizabeth no ? dido get up too , now . dido James ashford be not kind . he be not a man to give you life or dowry to . elizabeth then you gift come with condition . dido no ! elizabeth what then ? dido I be try ... try to make you see . he be not ... appropriate ! 81 . elizabeth appropriate ? the brother of the man you be to marry be not `appropriate ' for I ? dido he do not desire you , bette ! at least , even if he do , you would regret such a mistake . ( off bette 's silence ) he ...he laid he hand on I , bette - in the most un - gentlemanly fashion . elizabeth why should you say such a thing ? dido he hurt I . elizabeth you be a liar ! dido why ... why would I lie to you ? elizabeth I do not know - but do you not see ? have you never be able to see ? he would never touch you ...! dido bette ... elizabeth you be beneath he ! a long beat . dido I be beneath he ?? elizabeth yes. you ... you be ... dido what ! tell I ! what be I , bette ? she dare elizabeth to cross they line of sisterhood . elizabeth ... you ... you be .... ( courage leave she ) ... you be illegitimate !! dido be wind , but relieved . 82. elizabeth ( cont 'd ) have you never wonder why you be not permit to eat with we guest ? dido draw breath to calm herself , then ... dido my mother and father never marry - you be correct . but my father acknowledge I as he child . ( beat ) it be yours who refuse to legitimise you position , bette - that be why you be poor ! and that be why it be not I who be beneath Mr James , bette . it be not I ! elizabeth sting - she fight tear , before she disappear . a dreadful silence . dido look down at the black sapphire on she finger . a moment , then she slip it off . 91 int . bloomsbury sq . dido and elizabeth' bedroom . day.20 91 * dido , alone . she study she reflection at the dress table . a moment . a soft breath - something in she relax the look on she face , just as soft as she regards herself . 92 int . bloomsbury sq . stair / ground floor hall . day.21 92 * dido hood and cloak , race quickly . suddenly ... mabel ( worried whisper ) miss Lindsay . be you out again ? dido turn to mabel , press she finger to she lip , appeal to she , before slip from the house mabel stand freeze , a porcelain jug in each hand , 93 ext . bloomsbury sq . mansfield home . day.21 93 * as dido climb into the carriage . 94 ext . london street . day.21 94 * horse hoof trot rhythmically . 95 int . mansfield carriage . london street . day.21 95 * dido sit patiently , she heart pound . 83. 96 ext . mansfield carriage . london street . day.21 96 * on harry sweat cheek as he guide the carriage . 97 int . / ext mansfield carriage . kentish town . day.21 97 * the carriage as it pull up in front of the coach Inn . dido take a breath . 98 int . mansfield carriage . london street . day.21 98 * as harry climb from the driver 's seat . 99 ext . mansfield carriage . kentish town . day.21 99 * close : harry be outline , as we follow he to the Inn . 100 int . mansfield carriage . london street . day.21 100 * dido smoothing she dress . the door of the carriage open before she can finish . she look up - the happiest smile ... it fall from she lip , as quickly as it come and she start to tremble , at what come towards she . the sight of lord mansfield as he climb into the carriage ... and sit opposite she , silent - a cold stare . 101 int . coaching inn . day.21 101 * JOHN follow harry to exit the Inn . 102 ext . coaching inn / int . mansfield carriage . day.21 102 * the carriage door open - JOHN climb in , barely take a moment to look where he be go , and as he look up , he too set eye on lord mansfield . JOHN look back to harry , stunne . harry 's gaze lock with dido be . she be hurt . he falter , close the carriage door . dido ( terrify ) papaa ...? lord mansfield be incandescent . he shake with rage . 84 . lord mansfield this man 's ambition include you . you will endure shame and risk you position for a man without name , who will sully yours and drag you reputation to the gutter ! JOHN ( bitter and humiliate ) I take great offence in you summation of my character without ever even take a moment to know I . where be you right ? lord mansfield ... I have every right ...! JOHN ... no ! that you will never have ! not until you cease from judge the entire world as that above and that below and begin to see people as people ! human being , who think and feel no more or less than you do ! lord mansfield stand arrest . JOHN be word strike deep . lord mansfield I know there be a lady in belsize who be wait to be you wife . JOHN no ! I have a ambitious aunt in belsize , who like you , assume reputation and fortune be all that life depend on , and despise love as though it be the devil 's own creation ! lord mansfield 's eye narrow dangerously - rage explode . lord mansfield Love ? you claim love ....?? he reach for JOHN be neck . dido throw herself at they . dido no ! stop ! papaa , you must stop ! as she struggle to keep they apart . JOHN fall against the door . he shout at the top of he voice to be hear . JOHN yes ...yes I love she ! I love she with every breath I breathe . silence ! dido and lord mansfield be stunne . a painful beat . 85 . dido go John . you do not deserve this . JOHN be breath be heavy , he heart pound . he catch he breath , almost choke on it as he rise , move with uncertainty from the carriage , and be go . dido stare at lord mansfield . dido ( cont 'd ) Captain Sir John Lindsay would never have behave like this . lord mansfield Captain Sir John Lindsay would never behave like this because he be never here !... you be destroy you possibility with the only gentleman who will consider you . ( search she , hard ) be that what you want ? no , perhaps it be not ! dido stand waver - daunt . 103 int . bloomsbury square . drawing room . night.21 103 * a fist come down hard on the rosewood table lord mansfield arrogant ... parasite ! he be fill she with worthless ideal . he want to `make the world a better place '!... lord mansfield be puffed with fury as he pace the room . he knock the table again , jolting lady mansfield . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) he be laugh at we ! his childish campaign simply add to my already rampant ridicule in the gossip pamphlet and now ...! as though he be some kind of ... saint , immune from reproach ! lady mansfield you say something identical , once . lord mansfield stop in he track . lady mansfield ( cont 'd ) that you want to change the world ! quite some time before you enter you chamber , of course . defiant , principle ... drive . ( off Lord m ) ( more ) 86 . lady mansfield ( cont 'd ) desperate to seal you position among the establishment but always a little too radical for they . lord mansfield I never break the rule . lady mansfield do you not ? you simply become powerful enough to make new one . ( off he silence ) I always feel you already love I when I give you my hand . not that you say it but ... something in the way you look at I . lord mansfield be face soften slightly , strike by he wife 's word - of course he love she ! he adore she ! lady mansfield ( cont 'd ) that we be a good match - that be of no doubt ... but I be not sure I could have marry a gentleman without that ... ` thing ' in he eye ... without know - privately - that my heart stop a moment each time he look at I they eye be lock . she speak carefully . lady mansfield ( cont 'd ) it be possible that even you can not fight change , my darling ... and sometimes you can not fight it because you be a part of it . her word resonate , shifting he into think . lady mansfield ( cont 'd ) do you love she ? his eye fill . what he say next be deeply heartfelt ... lord mansfield as though she be create of you and I ... ( poignant ) ... and that be why I simply do not want to see she diminish . 104 int . bloomsbury square . drawing room . day.22 104 * like subject of a pastel joshua reynold painting , the mansfield lady be drape around the room . lady mary use a dainty magnify glass to read a pamphlet as lady mansfield sip tea , elizabeth read and dido gaze out of the window ... lady mary read aloud . 87 . lady mary the niece of the marquess of Winchester . Mr James ashford be to marry the niece of the marquess of Winchester . elizabeth look up , bewilder . lady mary ( cont 'd ) I be read it here . she indicate the pamphlet and she heart sink as she see elizabeth be heartache . lady mansfield ( sardonic ) that shall render you future mother - in- law ecstatic , dido . elizabeth slam she book down , get up and storm off . dido think about it a beat , uncertain then go after she . 105 int . bloomsbury sq . staircase landing . day.22 105 * on elizabeth sobbing into dido be arm . she lift she head . elizabeth do not you dare say a word . dido I will not . elizabeth why ! why do they always do that !! dido who , bette ? elizabeth Men ! they leave and never come back ! a painful beat , then dido kiss and hug she tightly , as elizabeth desperately sob some more . 106 int . bloomsbury sq . dido and elizabeth' bedroom . eve.22 106 * dido lie still in bed , elizabeth beside she . elizabeth I see you with he , that day . at the pleasure garden . dido you say nothing . 88. elizabeth I want you to tell I . to trust I . dido I should have . elizabeth you know , if I have you choice , I would choose ... the man I love ( off dido , sad ) I simply hope he be worth it . 107 int . bloomsbury square . drawing room . day.23 107 * oliver stand , numb . lady ashford turn to we , eye flash . lady ashford I be not in the habit of require explanation more than twice ! but on this occasion , you will have to forgive I . lord mansfield ( burden ) Lady ashford there be little point in repetition ... lady ashford then let I be clear that I have understand . you charge - you mulatto charge ... lady mansfield ( fiercely protective ) that be enough ! dido sit stare at the floor . oliver cut in , aggrieve ... oliver ( to Lady mansfield ) be it not true enough , you ladyship ?!! lady ashford ... whose unfortunate circumstance of birth , we choose to forgive - have decide she no longer wish the match with my son - a gentleman and a officer . oliver stare across at dido . he speak quietly ... oliver why , miss Lindsay ? dido be silent . 89 . lady ashford ( poignant and pain ) do you feel I have any lesser need to ensure my child 's wellbeing and future than you ?... ( beat ) ... do she still have a tongue ? dido I have a tongue , madam . though yours explain well enough why I may not marry you son ... beat ) ... you view my circumstance as unfortunate , though I cannot claim even a portion of the misfortune of that to whom I most closely resemble . on lady mansfield stung by the think . dido ( cont 'd ) my great misfortune would be to marry into a family who will carry I as they shame - as I have be require to carry my own mother . lord mansfield swallow hard . lady mansfield 's gaze fall . dido ( cont 'd ) her apparent crime , to be bear negro , and mine - to be the evidence . ( beat ) since I wish to deny she no more than I wish to deny myself , you will pardon I for want a husband who feel `forgiveness ' of my bloodline be both unnecessary and without grace . on the astonished ashford face . 108 int . bloomsbury square . stair / ground FL hallway . day.23 108 * dido step from the room , shake ... what have she just do ?! lady mary approach , intuitively hand dido a hankerchief . 109 ext : kentish town canal . day.23 109 * Wide on the canal , bustling with life - the poor and work class . - find JOHN sit alone , forlorn . 90 . 110 int . bloomsbury sq . marble room . day.24 110 * a canvas stand hide under hemp fabric . zoffany stand beside it . lord mansfield before he ... 111 ext . bloomsbury square . garden . continuous . day.24 111 * dido surround by summer bloom . she read a poetry book . 112 int . bloomsbury square . marble room . continuous . day.24 112 * as zoffany carefully remove the hemp - a series of action slowly uncover he painting . we do not see it reveal . 113 int . bloomsbury square . garden . continuous . day.24 113 * as dido repeat a sentence from the book to herself . dido why do I , slave , beyond my lot aspire .. the line repeat itself in she head . 114 int . bloomsbury square . marble room . continuous . day.24 114 * lord mansfield before the painting , shield it from we . on zoffany as he eye fall on the window . lord mansfield follow he gaze , to dido alone in the garden , read . Pov : through the window , as dido feel they gaze . she falter . her eye dart through the glass , beyond lord mansfield , to the canvas .... the sight cause she to stand - draw to the window to see more clearly . the camera , too , draw in on the portrait , now . and as it be reveal to dido , so too , be it finally reveal to we . it be a serenely sensitive representation of two delicate English lady - one part black , as they stand as equal , against kenwood 's iconic garden . close on dido , shake , take in the extraordinary image . off both man , each as move as she be . 115 int . bloomsbury square . marble room . day.24 115 * the camera hover on the painting - the image of elizabeth be delicate hand lay gently on dido be arm . 91 . lord mansfield ( oov ) it will hang at kenwood . dido will it ? lord mansfield why should that surprise you ? dido why should it not ? lord mansfield say nothing , observe she , curious . lord mansfield what be you read ? dido poetry . a gentleman name Thomas Day . he speak of a slave who agree to marry a free woman . a voice to people ... people like my mother - who do not have one . people like the drown slave . he take she point . lord mansfield you find yourself in such write ? the camera track , capture they take in the canvas . dido I do not know that I find myself anywhere . I have no place that I may claim . lord mansfield what be it that you want , dido ? what precisely be you search for ? I enable every rule of heritage so that you could know exactly where you belong . yet little appear enough for you ! dido papaa , you enable every rule , but you have to overlook just as many to raise I within good society . and what if there be not a rule papaa ? what if that rule that allow you to take I do not exist ? would you have return I to the slum ? the air be poignant with the question . 92 . dido ( cont 'd ) you be courageous . when it come to the matter you believe in , society be inconsequential . you break every rule when it matter enough . papaa , I be the evidence . ( off the painting ) this painting ... be the evidence . her word be stark . lord mansfield follow she gaze to the painting , swallow hard . something in he be shifting . 116 int . loyyyd of london . coffee ho . royal exchange . day.25 116 * the hub of the mercantile profession . this be lord mansfield be world . it be pillare , and elegant , teaming with Lloyd 's member - insurance man , broker , lawyer - all engage in commerce and politics . on lord mansfield with the lord mayor . they weave past to sit with other , equally wigge - power house of England , watch by all in the room . in every corner , heat debate rage - the imminent Zong decision on everyone 's lip . lord mayor look at they - for and against at each other 's throat ! how on earth do the damn quaker find they way into here !.. ( beat ) .. you be a brave man , negotiate this quarter on the eve of you judgement . lord mansfield you do not become Lord Mayor through be a coward . lord mayor finally you be to speak , then . if England be destroy we shall blame you ! he slap lord mansfield 's back , playfully , but be deadly serious . lord mansfield be distract ... through the bustle in the room , the SOUND of young men debate at a table , insurance underwriter before they . JOHN ( oov ) ... but religion can not be the only guardian of we morality . young man 1 of course not - there be self - responsibility ? lord mansfield Pov : we make out JOHN debate intensely . 93. JOHN and fail that do the law not have a duty ? on lord mansfield - he own group continue in conversation , but all he attention be on JOHN . JOHN ( cont 'd ) do the bench and parliament not have a duty to uphold and create the law , to set the precedent that progress we morality , not retard it ! if not to protect we from other , then to protect we from ourselves ! law that allow we to diminish the humanity of anybody , be not law - they be framework for crime . on lord mansfield - something go on behind the eye . the rest of the room fade - make JOHN clear and crisp . JOHN ( cont 'd ) a constitution can never be finite - surely as humanity evolve so too must its law . and frankly I really do not care if you as a individual be without character or conscience - but a land whose law contain neither - whose law sanction not control the barbarous among its citizen - that be a country whose hope be lose . lord mansfield 's gaze fall away , as he swallow hard . 117 int . royal exchange . entrance hall . day.25 117 * JOHN exit Lloyd 's , into the open hall of the Exchange . lord mansfield fit he tricorn ( hat ) , prepare to leave . the two man lay eye on each other - both roote . lord mansfield be examine JOHN . lord mansfield why do it matter to you so ? JOHN stare at he bewilder , at a loss for word . 118 ext . royal exchange . courtyard / street day.25 118 * lord mansfield walk to he carriage . JOHN race after he . JOHN m'lord ..! it .. it be a misuse of the clause . it be not for human life . it be for goods .. chattel ... 94 . lord mansfield keep walk . lord mansfield ( factual ) it be for property ! JOHN I have see you note !! if they want water they could have have it ! on lord mansfield be realisation - dido have give the information to JOHN . lord mansfield dido . JOHN if you find for the trader , you will be formalizing in law the concept of insure `human ' cargo . lord mansfield climb into he carriage . lord mansfield that be correct !... ( to he driver ) ... drive ! the carriage begin to move off . JOHN walk alongside it . JOHN then know that when you be go , you legacy will be to have leave miss Lindsay in a world that say she may be worth more dead , than alive . lord mansfield she be not a slave . JOHN by the very grace of God ! the word provoke lord mansfield . he stand , slamm he hand to the driver 's wall . the carriage halt abruptly . JOHN stand at the carriage window , breathless . lord mansfield look down at he furious , suddenly disarm by the emotion in JOHN be eye . lord mansfield this be not about miss Lindsay . JOHN be confuse , flustered . JOHN of course it be ! it 's about all of we . it 's about everything ... everything that be important ! 95 . lord mansfield search JOHN , palpably affect now . he do not want to show JOHN he empathy , fight it - but for a split second it escape in the profound silence . he recover himself - consider he word before he speak quietly - as though from personal experience ... lord mansfield Mr davinier , the world be a devastating place . you must learn to protect you emotion if you be to prevent matter of both law .. and love from devastating you . JOHN be freeze , avert he gaze . lord mansfield regards he , affect , bang on the carriage again and be go . off JOHN , shake . 119 int . bloomsbury sq . entrance hall and stair . day.26 119 * Pov : look down at the sweeping stair and entrance hall . lady mansfield smooth you dress , young lady ! lady mansfield pinch elizabeth be cheek . lady mary fuss anxiously the bell chime . elizabeth be excitement rise . she steal a glance up the stair to reveal dido surreptitiously watch . the butler sweep by mr vaughan ( oov ) Lady mansfield ... miss Murray ... as mr vaughan enter Elizabeth descend into a curtsey . lady mansfield Mr vaughan , how kind of you to come . elizabeth I have think of nothing else but show you aunt Mary 's chrysanthemums , Mr vaughan . mr vaughan what a pleasure , miss Murray . elizabeth you too mamaa . she drag they away , send dido a final surreptitious glance that say , the coast be clear for she . as she do , lady mary gaze follow - see dido hide . a beat . lady mary hang back - smile satisfied to herself , before move off . 96 . 120 ext . bloomsbury square . mansfield home . day.26 120 * a hood dido step from the house . harry 's heart sink . harry no ! never again ! dido Fine ! then step down and allow I to take the reign . Harry rub he eye , burden . then ... far from jovial .. harry have I know you be to be such trouble , I would `ave drive off before Captain Sir John Lindsay buy you to my carriage ! 121 ext . westminster hall . london . day.26 121 * a myriad of people flood into the court - politician , clergy , shipping merchant , abolitionist ... and insurer . dido step from the carriage . 122 int . westminster hall . london . continuous . day.26 122 * as they pour through the door , we settle first on lord ashford , then , JOHN davinier , push into the room . CUT to : moment later ... dido push into the court . she lay eye on JOHN , seat - force she way past seat man , see at earlier meeting . JOHN stand , overwhelm as she approach . 123 int . westminster hall . london . day.26 123 * lord mansfield enter - sit , flanke by two law lord . he appear profoundly focus - reserve , despite the chaos of the fill room . his eye dance across the sea of face . clerk silence in the court ! dido 's hand slide to JOHN 's. lord mansfield whether the `jettison clause ' of Marine insurance Law may be bring to bear in this appeal . this be the question . that be , first : whether the slave be drown as a anticipatory act . a act to avoid the disease cause by they ( more ) 97 . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) journey , kill they once on shore , and at they destination ... deprive the slave owner of any compensation . he take in the gaze of a free black man in the gallery . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) or secondly : whether they be vjettison ' as cargo ! to save captain and crew from certain death , when the extend journey threaten shortage of drink - water . ( steely eye ) let I be clear , loss of water on a ship constitute a singularly dangerous affair - insurrection of thirsty and hostile slave at its extreme - and a impossible task to share diminish water reserve , among all that live , at best . each imply severe threat to the life of the seamen . in such circumstance we law be transparent and equivocal - the jettison of enslave cargo ... be legal ! ( he spell it out ) and in this circumstance , combine with unavoidable loss of water , we law leave the ship-owner securely within they rights to make a claim ... and behove the insurer to pay loss . dido no ! gasp from around the room ... gasp that turn into cry , include dido be own . JOHN be rigid , anger rise . lord mansfield the ship 's owner choose a tight vpack fashion ' to transport the slave ... a popular fashion of transportation that be know for cause death and disease . his voice be raise over the sound of a chaotic court . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) this choice of lay the slave tightly together be undertake at the Captain 's own risk . in the event that over pack render a avoidable lack of drink water on board a protract journey , such a decision may be view as simple `bad management ' on a ( more ) 98 . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) Captain 's part , and further , weigh as he own risk . a extend journey - one in which the destination be overshot may also be view as the captain 's own mismanagement . the noise lower to silence . lord mansfield settles on JOHN . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) it be not legal ... to discharge life from a ship into the water , to prevent that life die on land , and to facilitate insurance compensation . whether they be the life of horse ... or human being ... slave or otherwise - it be not legal , neither be it right . dido let out a gasp - breathless relief . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) further , the claim of shortage of water be illegitimate show by the evidence put forward . to my mind , it be clear a fraud have be commit in claim insurance on slave who be ... drown solely for financial gain . he look around the room - see lord ashford 's acceptance . his eye fall on dido now and here they remain . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) it be my opinion , that the state of slavery be so odious a position that nothing may support it . this case have display with searing clarity the depravity of any such nation whose choice be to practice it . you may be certain that I have labour over my judgement and statement today and be in full understanding of all of the ramification . justice be do , though the heaven may fall . JOHN be eye brim at the realisation of that word . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) I find in favour of the insurer and overturn the decision of the lower court . I order a retrial . stun confusion in the courtroom . then , all kind of commotion - anger , cheer amid shock . lord mansfield stand . clerk all rise ! 99 . JOHN jump up , desperate for eye contact through the commotion ... but lord mansfield fix ahead , move off . dido stand , catch by she own breath . JOHN turn to she . she begin to sob . for the first time he pull she close , wide on the court room - JOHN hold dido as she sob . through the judge ' exit - a figure , in the shadow . reveal lord mansfield , take in dido and JOHN , affect . 124 ext . westminster hall . street - day.26 124 * JOHN watch as dido race back to the carriage . on they reaction - lord mansfield stand wait . as dido and lord mansfield come before each other . everything in they eye - restrain emotion over a long beat . dido you may not blame Mr davinier ... my attendance today be absolutely at my own volition ... for matter which concern I . lord mansfield I be fully aware , dido . he fix on JOHN . JOHN be apprehensive . JOHN m'lord ... I be inspire by you decision today . we will not go backwards from here . lord mansfield ( burden ) History will judge if you optimism be warrant ... ( beat ) ... you be a man of conviction . JOHN swallow hard , emotion rise , sting he eye . JOHN I be try to be . lord mansfield then you effort be not in vain . dido move to JOHN be side , take he hand . lord mansfield 's eye drop to they clasped finger . lord mansfield ( cont 'd ) I have not change my mind . she be to marry a gentleman . he turn and begin to move to the carriage . JOHN stare at the ground , humiliate . dido be incense . 100 . dido and Mr davinier be not a gentleman ? her voice ring out , furious . lord mansfield stop ... lord mansfield he be ... indeed ... dido . ( he speak carefully ) and that be why he ought to have a job befit one . dido ( a whisper - defiant ) my affection be with he , papaa . I wish for nothing ... nothing , if not to be he wife . she stare into lord mansfield 's eye - he take in JOHN . lord mansfield if you would Mr davinier , I would like you to attend my chamber in the morning . there be matter I would like you to assist I with . JOHN you lordship ? lord mansfield and if you think it a good idea ... I wish to facilitate you entry to the inn of Court . JOHN ( tentative ) that be to serve my qualification to the bar ? the question lord mansfield once put to JOHN , be now answer . lord mansfield indeed ... ( humble ) ... capability such as yours be clearly deserve of such consideration . JOHN breathes heavily , also humble , as he tear surface . JOHN i.. I think it a very good idea , sir . lord mansfield nod , then finally move off . JOHN can not take it in . dido be breathless , eye brim ... JOHN ( cont 'd ) can it be true ? 101 . dido of course . he see what I see . his word be as clear as ... JOHN no ! that you feeling for I be so ? that you would be my wife ..? ( off she reaction , ) because , I can not conceive of a life without you ... and if ... if such be all that be before I , miss Lindsay , then my heart would never beat the same again . dido it be not . it be not all that be before you Mr davinier ... ( begin sobbing ) I love you ... for all that you be , and with all .. all that I be . he break down now too , wiping she tear before kissing she through he own sob . then tear turn to laughter . we draw back on the couple - two fragile figure , amid the bustle of London town . on the mansfield crest as lord mansfield be carriage move off , a solitary figure inside , stare straight ahead . the end foxsearchlight.com / award released by twentieth century Fox '' 2014 twentieth century Fox