anna karenina written by Tom stoppard base on the novel by Leo tolstoy . int . pokrovskoe --night close -- expert finger -- female , unlovely , capable -- shape a small lump of dough which , with some shred of cabbage , become a fill bun call a pirozhok . . . which be now place on a baking tray to join row of pirozhoki ready for the oven . close -- one hand open the oven , and , mitten by a apron , remove a tray of perfectly baked pirozhoki , which the other hand replace with the fresh tray . . . slightly burn itself on a knuckle . title over : february 1872 pokrovskoe , konstantin levin' estate 300 mile south of moscow : int . kitchen , pokrovskoe , same time -- night agafia suck she knuckle and check what 's cooking on the stove - top . she be the cook-housekeeper . agafia he need to come in if he 's to wash himself . a Kitchen maid at the sink obediently dry she hand on she apron . a doze dog , laska , prick up she ear . ext . yard , pokrovskoe , same time -- night it 's snow . the Kitchen maid , shawle , with a lantern , make she way across the yard towards the cowsh , a short distance , and push open the freeze door . laska be at she heel , but be make to stay outside . 3 int . cowshed , pokrovskoe , same time -- night the herd stir at the lantern light . the bull , berkut , with a ring through he nose , snort as the girl go by . at the back of the shed a cow be calve . levin be midwife , sleeve pull back , blood and slime up to he elbow . he be 34 . his steward , vasili , hold up a lantern . levin pull carefully at the emerge forefeet . levin good girl . . . good girl , pava . the calf 's head emerge . kitchen maid ( arriving ) agafia mishaylovna say dinner 's like to spoil . the calf enter the world like a diver . levin be feel great pride and pleasure . levin . . . she father 's colour . vasili Worth come home for , konstantin dmitrich ! levin I stay too long in Moscow . the cow nuzzle and lick she calf . 4 int . dine room , pokrovskoe -- night clean up , in a smock shirt , levin bite hungrily into a pirozhok , talk . he have a book on a book -rest . agafia ladle soup for he . Three generation of family portrait look down on he . levin . . . she 's a beauty . that 's twelve cow sire by berkut ! agafia so one of you be do what the good Lord make you for . levin evade , duck into spoon up soup , find he place in he book . agafia go out . alone , levin close the book and stare into himself . int . ( moscow ) -- day close -- expert finger scrape a cut - throat razor across a lather cheek . . . and again , skirt luxuriant facial hair on pampere skin . title over : prince oblonsky's house , moscow int . oblonsky's dressing room , oblonsky house , same time -- day there be a door to the landing and a door to the bedroom . 5 Prince stepan oblonsky -- stiva to he friend -- be 34 and like by every - body . a barber come in every morning to shave he . his valet , matvey , be older and almost a friend . he hold up a enormous pear . matvey what should I do with this ? oblonsky put the barber on hold to have a look . oblonsky where do you find it ? matvey in you hat . you excellency . oblonsky think about it , let the barber finish . he stand and remove he dress gown . oblonsky yes . . . I pick it up somewhere for daria alexandrovna and the child . matvey be ready with oblonsky 's shirt , which he put over he master 's head like a horse 's collar . int . " day nursery , " oblonsky house , same time --day there be a sloping lineup of five child , age eight , five , four , three and two , dress and brush for presentation to they mother , princess daria oblonsky , know as dolly . . . who we now see be heavily pregnant . stand - ing by be a french governess , Mlle. roland , and a nurse . mlle . roland be buxom . 6 dolly pick up the youngest , vasya , to kiss he and hand he to the nurse , and kiss the other in ascend order . dolly bonjour , lili ; bonjour , masha ; bonjour , grisha ; bonjour , Tanya . who 's come to see grandmama ? int . oblonsky's dressing room , same time -- day oblonsky , dress now and hold a cup of coffee , check from the window . oblonsky's Pov -- dolly , in fur , the four youngest child and the nurse , who carry vasya , all wrap up against the cold weather , have come out of the house to a wait sleigh , as noisy as starling , bicker , compete , reprimand . the oblonsky 's coachman assist , with a rug to spread across knee . oblonsky hand he coffee to matvey and light a small cigar . he detour to take a sugare almond from a dish of sweet , and leave the room . . . int . schoolroom , oblonsky house , same time --day Tanya be at she lesson with Mlle. roland . when oblonsky 's face appear smile round the door , Tanya jump up and run to he , greeting he , laugh , kissing he face , hang on he neck . 7 oblonsky my tanruchoshka ! mind my cigar . he pop the sugare almond into she mouth and put a conspiratorial finger to he lip . mlle . roland , who have stand up for he , cluck in reprimand . oblonsky ( cont 'd ) be good today . I be off . Tanya run back to she seat and bend to she schoolbook . oblonsky look mlle . roland in the eye . he move he head slightly , unmistakably ask - ing she to come outside . mlle . roland move she eye at he in humorous reproach . clearly , this be familiar ground . oblonsky close the door behind he . mlle . roland ( pause ) read the chapter carefully . I will come back to test you on it . . . read it twice . int . ( ST . petersburg ) -- day close -- pretty finger put on several ring , and then pick up a fabergé jade paper- knife to slit a envelope and withdraw a letter . title over : alexei karenin' house , ST . petersburg 400 mile NORTH of moscow 8 int . anna's boudoir , karenin house , same time --day it be early in the day . Anna 's may , annushka , have be dress Anna . annushka be young , loyal , modest . Anna be at she dress - table -bureau , which be host to at least two pho - tograph of a small boy ( serozha ) and a child 's unframe draw of " maman . " as she start read the letter , Anna 's eye frown . flash back , very short , almost subliminal -- int . ( linen closet ) -- day oblonsky and mlle . roland in a passionate embrace , vertical , clothed . back to scene Anna turn the page , read on , concerned . flash back -- short , a beat or two -- int . linen closet , oblonsky house --day still kissing , oblonsky hoist up she skirt . back to scene Anna turn to the second page . 9 flash back -- short int . bedroom level , oblonsky house --night oblonsky , come in quietly and late from a night on the town , enter he dress room . he stop . he smile a foolish apologetic smile . reverse -- ( dressing room ) dolly be wait for he , shocked , enraged , hold out a billet - doux on pink paper : a love note . back to scene Anna speak as in exasperation to a naughty child . anna tsk , oh . . . stiva ! int . karenin' study , karenin house --day anna . . . and dolly find a note from the governess . Anna be speak to she husband " confidentially . " karenin , a busy man , drain he coffee cup and hand it ( as with oblonsky and matvey ) to he valet , korney , who bow and withdraw . karenin continue transfer papers from he desk to he portfolio . . . which do , he nod to he private secretary , mikhail slyudin , who come forward to receive it , bow and leave . 10 karenin well . . . ? karenin be twenty year older than Anna and a senior figure in govern - ment . he have a unattractive reedy voice and be pleased with himself as a model of probity . he have the habit of crack he knuckle . anna stiva want I to come to Moscow . . . to persuade dolly to forgive he . karenin I be to be deprive of my wife so that adul - tery may be forgiven ? I can not excuse he just because he 's you brother . anna it 's for dolly 's sake too . karenin ( have to go ) I have four committee today . . . there be another interruption : serozha , age seven and a half , and he tutor , vasily lukich , enter for a ritual " good morning . " serozha be a little frighten of he father , but the mother and son be in love . Anna go straight to serozha , she heart lift , to hug he . karenin ( cont 'd ) good , good !-- I have the world wait for I , there 's never time to look at you exercise ! 11 lukich sergei alexeyich be do very well , you excellency . anna ( a button miss ) tsk -tsk , who put this shirt on you ? never mind . I will come and hear you read . karenin tomorrow , perhaps . thank you , lukich -- perhaps tomorrow . lukich bow . Anna go with serozha , relinquishing he finally . she close the door on they . anna alexei , do you think nine year of mar - riage and child should count for nothing against a . . . a infatuation ? karenin crack he knuckle , concede . karenin no. very well . ( kiss she hand ) but sin have a price , you may be sure of that . int . oblonsky's dressing room , oblonsky house --day oblonsky have be bunk down on he couch . he moan and groan . he get up and try the door to the bedroom . it 's lock . he knock timidly . 12 oblonsky ( piteously ) dolly . . . please think of the child . . . he listen hopefully . the other door , lead to the upper landing , be open violently by dolly . dolly you think of the child ! they life be ruin now ! she slam the door behind she . int . bedroom level , oblonsky house , same time --day oblonsky come out of he dress room to see the main bedroom door slam . he attempt to go in but the door be lock . oblonsky oh , dolly . . . I beg you . . . matvey come to the top of the stair with a telegram . matvey telegram . should I send up the barber ? oblonsky no , just the razor . oblonsky tear open the telegram . 13 matvey do not worry , sir , thing will shape they - selve , you will see . oblonsky ( relieved ) my sister Anna 's come tomorrow . we be save . int . oblonsky's office , moscow --day Inner door open and oblonsky come out of he private office . he be he genial self . everyone in the general office -- minor official , clerk -- stand up for he and bow . oblonsky be wear government uniform -- green coat with gold embroidery on the collar -- instead of he own coat . oblonsky be help out of one coat into the other . doorkeeper some man come without a appointment , you excellency . . . wait outside . oblonsky open the door to look . levin be sit wait on a bench , wear - ing a sheepskin coat , cap and scuff boot . oblonsky levin ! where do you disappear ? he seize levin and kiss he . levin ( nervous ) I be very anxious to see you . I need you advice . 14 oblonsky well , then , come into my room . oblonsky lead levin back through the general office , where everyone stand up again . levin 's sheepskin and boot attract curious glance . oblonsky ( cont 'd ) this be my oldest friend , konstantin dmit - rich levin ! someone send word I will be a few minute late . int . oblonsky's private office , same time --day oblonsky lead levin inside and close the door . oblonsky I have be hard at it . sit down . levin undoe he coat and sit down . levin hard at what exactly ? oblonsky why , we be overwhelm with work ! levin oh -- paperwork . oblonsky paperwork be the soul of Russia . farming be only the stomach . when be I go to come and shoot some snipe ? see the clothes levin be wear , he laugh . 15 oblonsky ( cont 'd ) oh , but look at you , in western clothes you tell I you would never wear again . some - thing 's up . levin yes . I be in love . I have come back to propose . have you guess who she be ? oblonsky ( roll he eye comically ) I have a suspicion . why do not you propose when you be here ? levin I decide it be impossible . Kitty be of the heaven , a angel , and I be of the earth -- but then I think and think , and . . . there 's no life for I without she ! . . . do I have a chance ? oblonsky of course you do . the shcherbatsky be give a soiree this evening . get there early before the crowd . if I may suggest . . . levin anything ! what ? oblonsky New boot . levin right . anything else ? 16 oblonsky ( hesitate ) we would better have dinner together . come on , we will meet later at l' angleterre . or do you prefer the hermitage ? oblonsky usher levin back into the general office . int . general office , same time --day . . . everyone stand up as before . the doorkeeper produce oblonsky 's top - coat and help he into it . oblonsky no -- five - thirty at l' angleterre -- I owe they more than the hermitage , so it would not be fair to withdraw my custom . ( take he hat ) boot , and a coat . and a proper hat . he usher levin out . ext . l'angleterre restaurant , moscow --day firstly , a Moscow street scene , busy with people go about they business , on foot and in conveyance . secondly , levin approach l'angleterre in he new fur-collared coat , top hat and boot . 17 int . l'angleterre restaurant , moscow -- night oblonsky and levin preside over the debris of three dozen oyster , with champagne in a bucket to hand . oblonsky be in a maudlin mood , afloat on champagne . oblonsky it 's so unfair . you marry for love , you be a good husband . Children arrive . year depart . and all of a sudden you wife be tired , she hair be thin , she body . . . while you yourself still have you . . . vigour . . . and you find yourself distract by a pretty woman . . . levin forgive I , but I find that incomprehen - sible . . . as though I would leave this restaurant and steal a roll from a baker 's shop . oblonsky well , you know , a freshly baked roll . . . levin but I be talk about love , and you be talk - ing about . . . you appetite . oblonsky easily confuse . now look , do you know Count vronsky ? levin who ? no . why ? 18 oblonsky he 's you rival . he turn up from St. Petersburg after you leave . levin ( aghast ) who be he ? oblonsky ( changing tack ) you do not have to worry about he . he 's one of that rich , good - look cavalry offi- cer who have get nothing to do but make love to pretty woman . . . a waiter arrive to remove the oyster shell , while a elderly waiter place a bowl of soup in front of levin and a lobster in front of oblonsky . oblonsky ( cont 'd ) cabbage soup ? elderly waiter potage aux choux a la russe , as the gentle - man order . levin it 's what I want . oblonsky laugh . the waiter depart . levin ( cont 'd ) ( angry ) understand that for I , tonight be a que - tion of life and death . 19 oblonsky oh , kostya ! Kitty would be mad to refuse you . and dolly be on you side , you know . she say she sister Kitty be always mean to be you wife and will be . levin jump up in elation , collect himself , and sit . levin dolly say that ? I have always think you dolly 's a gem . oblonsky oh , she be , she be . . . ( thoughtfully ) I love she to distraction . int . ( ST . petersburg ) -- night a little out of focus and further obscure by puff of steam , the wheel of a locomotive and its tender plus a carriage or two , with part of the superstructure -- the whole kit and caboodle turn out to be a rich child 's table - top model railway -- go by the camera like a wipe revealing the momentarily gigantic face of Anna . . . who be crouching down to watch the toy go by . int . day nursery , karenin house --day serozha be at present snivelling . serozha but why ? 20 anna because that 's where aunt dolly life . serozha but why ? anna ( patiently ) I tell you , serozha . she 's not well . I must go to see she . serozha but why ? anna now , do not make mama cry . I will be back before you know , and bring you a present . serozha do not want a present . I want you to stay . Anna be on the brink of tear . anna oh . . . my little kutik . . . serozha what present ? anna that 's better . she dab she eye . 21 int . karenin house -- night kapitonich , the karenin ' Hall porter , a " old soldier , " come out of the house to where a private carriage be wait . the coachman be konrad . Anna come out with annushka , who have a large soft bag contain everything she mistress need for the journey . kapitonich hold the carriage door for they . int . moving train -- night Anna have a window seat . next to she be annushka . in the opposite window seat be countess vronsky , at sixty lose the battle to keep she youthful beauty . she have a lap dog ( and perhaps a fabergé - top walk cane ) . next to she be she maid . Anna be not happy to be leave . she hold a small frame photo of sero - zha , which she then put away in she red bag . countess vronsky smile at she . Anna wipe she eye , explain . anna it 's the first time I have leave my little boy . countess vronsky so you be leave you son and I be return - ing to mine . I be countess vronsky . Anna know the name . countess vronsky ( cont would ) I have be in St. Petersburg for the christen - ing of a granddaughter - - my elder son mar - rie princess chirkov . you be a charming creature . why do not I know you ? 22 anna I have never be in Moscow society , really . countess vronsky but you know my name ? anna I have hear you mention . . . countess vronsky talk about , you mean . ah , love ! Anna , find out , smile tentatively . anna be it love ? countess vronsky always . my son be ashamed of I . but I would rather end up wishing I have not than end up wishing I have -- would not you ? anna I . . . I do not know . . . Anna look at the snow on the window . she be unsettle by the conversation . ext . shcherbatsky house . moscow --night a sleigh ( i.e. , a cab ) bring levin . 23 int . entrance hall , shcherbatsky house , same time -- night the Hall porter let levin into the house . a footman take levin 's hat and coat . levin be uneasy - - he seem to be first to arrive . he decide he have come too early . he pull he coat back from the footman . levin I will come back . up above princess ekaterina ( Kitty ) shcherbatsky be eighteen . eager to see who have arrive , she hurry from the direction of the reception room and look down into the entrance hall in time to see levin snatch he hat back from the footman . kitty konstantin ! levin I be too early . kitty ( pleased ) no ! come up ! down below Kitty run off out of levin 's view . he fling he hat and coat at the Foot - man and run up the stair . 24 int . reception room , shcherbatsky house , same time -- night levin hurry in and find Kitty seat prettily in a " receive " pose . she be alone . kitty look at I ! I be receive for papa and maman who be late to dress . it 's my first reception . levin play along , kissing she hand elaborately . levin princess ekaterina ! delighted , delighted ! kitty ( formal ) I be so pleased you be able to be with we , konstantin dmitrich ! levin ( dropping it ) Kitty . . . you look . . . you look -- kitty stiva tell we you be back . how long be you stay ? levin I do not know . it depend on you . kitty on I ? 25 he have get ahead of himself . Doors be flung open and the host , Prince and princess shcherbatsky , and a crowd of guest who have arrive together , be greeting each other . levin have to make a quick decision , and he make the wrong one -- to go on . levin what I mean to say -- I come with only one purpose -- I want to -- will you be my wife ? Kitty panic . a wave of guest be almost upon she . levin ( cont 'd ) I be sorry -- sorry -- wrong moment -- but will you ? kitty I can not . I be sorry . Kitty flee . levin seem stunne , surround now by greeting , laughter , and servant with trays of drink . levin yes . it be impossible . Prince and princess shcherbatsky receive a young marry member of Kitty 's set , countess nordston . . . and introduce levin , who hear and see noth - ing . he turn away , leave the countess hang out to dry . levin find himself face to face with burisov , a silky Officer in sky blue uniform , who introduce himself . burisov burisov . be you the brother of nikolai levin ? 26 levin yes . burisov he 's in Moscow , he 's stay at the unicorn in khitrovka . levin how do you know ? burisov ( smile ) it 's the sort of thing I know . he bow to levin and turn away to greet someone . levin react , decide to leave . he make for the door . he nearly collide with someone , give and receive a apology , and suddenly understand who this man in Guards uniform must be . levin turn . levin Count vronsky ? vronsky yes . levin pause awkwardly . vronsky hesitates , bow and continue on . levin witness Kitty see vronsky approach , and see she face light up . vronsky kiss she hand . vronsky ( cont 'd ) ( bantering ) princess Kitty . . . it 's be so long , and yet it seem like yesterday . his banter be lose on she . she laugh happily . 27 kitty it be yesterday ! levin turn away and leave . ext . shcherbatsky house --night levin come out of the grand house where several coaches be wait . hum - ble and angry with himself and the world , he take off he top hat and consider put he fist through it , but jam it back on he head . a horse - cab come along . levin wave it down . ext . khitrovka , moscow --night a mean street , a area of poverty and crime . levin pay off he cab . int . the unicorn , khitrovka -- night levin go up a dimly light , dingy staircase . snatch of music and sing - ing drift up the stair . top of the stair levin knock at a door , then louder . the door be flung open . nikolai levin be the spirit of consumptive , bohemian radicalism . he peer at levin , surprised . levin it 's kostya . nikolai roar with laughter which turn to wheeze . 28 nikolai God , look at he ! you look like a capitalist ! ( then suspiciously ) what do you want ? levin nothing . I come to see you . nikolai go back into the room , shouting for " masha . " levin follow he . int . nikolai be room , khitrova , same time -- night levin see that he be in a tiny apartment . a Young woman look at he fearfully from the inner doorway . levin good evening , miss . . . madame . . . nikolai do not talk to she like that . it frighten she . you sound like a magistrate . ( shout at she ) more vodka for my brother , quick about it . levin I do not want anything . masha go to nikolai and whisper to he , calming he . nikolai I be all right . he fill a wineglass with vodka and gulp it greedily . 29 nikolai ( cont 'd ) who tell you where to find I ? levin a colonel in the third Department . they be watch you . nikolai good . they must think I be dangerous . levin involuntarily smile at the self - puffery . nikolai ( cont 'd ) what have you get to smile about ? levin nothing . nikolai that 's right . the day be come . I give up my birthright for it . you be on the wrong side of history . not because privilege be immoral but because it 's irrational . wheezing , he go for the bottle again . masha try to take it from he , appeal to levin . masha he be sick . nikolai let go or I will beat you light out . he push she away and pour himself more vodka . 30 nikolai ( cont 'd ) I take Mary nikolova from a brothel but I consider she my wife . if she presence offend you you be free to leave . be you marry ? levin no . nikolai why not ? be you wait to fall in love ? levin no . nikolai good . romantic love will be the last illu - sion of the old order . you should marry one of you peasant . levin 's reaction be almost violent , surprising nikolai . levin yes . I damn well should ! nikolai ( toast , casually ) the brotherhood of man . levin recover himself . he take out he wallet . levin nikolai , you have to see a doctor . then come and stay with I at pokrovskoe till you get you health back . 31 nikolai ( scornfully ) with my wife ? levin become flustered . levin if you . . . or go abroad to a spa . I will send you more if that 's what you . . . masha reach for the money levin have put on the table . nikolai knock she hand away . he throw the banknote at levin . he cough himself into a paroxysm . levin try to embrace he . nikolai throw he off . levin ( cont 'd ) ( cry out ) what about the brotherhood of brother ? masha snatch up the banknote . int . station ( moscow ) -- day there be a scatter of people of all class on the platform wait for the arrive train . by the entrance / exit gate , a Guards Officer stand hold a bouquet . the stationmaster stand by . a strip of fade red carpet have be laid on the plank . stationmaster the private coach will stop opposite the carpet . the Guards Officer nod . he see vronsky arrive . 32 vronsky hello , what 's this ? guard officer austrian royalty on they honeymoon . I have get they for four day . vronsky bad luck . what do they like ? Art ? guard officer food . vronsky here 's the train . ext . platform , the arriving train , same time --day vronsky move closer to the slow train , scan the window go by . ext . platform entrance gate , same time --day the Guards Officer and the stationmaster be disconcert to see the obvious " private coach " stop seriously short ( or long ) behind luggage wagon , etc . stationmaster I will see to it . he hurry away towards the engine . oblonsky hurry through , relieved not to be late . 33 ext . platform , same time --day vronsky be salute by he mother 's Major domo , a tall man in livery with a cockade . major domo second carriage , you excellency . I will see to the countess 's luggage and bring it on to the house . vronsky nod , and make he way towards the second coach , against the flow of disembarked passenger . ext . train ( engine ) , same time the stationmaster speak to the engine Driver . ext . exit / entrance gate , same time --day the Guards Officer with the bouquet stand uncertainly while arrive passenger go past he . ext . " private coach , " same time --day the Royal austrian honeymooner peer anxiously through the window . int . train , same time -- day countess vronsky remain sit . annushka pack away Anna 's blanket and pillow . Anna look out of the window . 34 anna I will come back . Anna move to the door open on to the " porch . " vronsky be on the point of enter . he step back to allow she by . they barely exchange a glance as she pass he , but , simultaneously , each of they look back . Anna look away quickly . his look linger before he turn away to enter the carriage . int . / ext . porch --day Anna , from she vantage point spot oblonsky , call to he . annushka , with she bag , come onto the porch and descend to follow she mistress . ext . platform , same time --day Anna step down to the platform and embrace oblonsky . they be delighted to see each other . anna ( accusingly ) you do not look ashamed . oblonsky ( contrite ) I be , I really be . int . train , same time -- day countess vronsky remain in she seat . vronsky bend at the window , look - ing at oblonsky and Anna . 35 vronsky yes , of course . oblonsky 's sister . . . karenina . countess charmante , do not you think ? ( to she maid ) wait for I in the carriage . I will take tosca . she take the dog . the maid leave with she bag . vronsky . . . you stay longer in St. Petersburg . countess vronsky Long enough for you to start a little love affair , I hear . vronsky I can not think what you be refer to , maman . he glance back to the window , where Anna turn back to enter the train . ext . platform , same time --day as Anna turn back , a railwayman with a hammer for tapping wheel be in she way . he step back for she with a bow and a " Madame ! " Anna glance at he and move past he . the man tap a wheel , make a ring - ing sound which mean the wheel be okay . as Anna mount the step , a train Guard look up and down the plat - form , hold a green flag . 36 int . train , same time -- day Anna enter from the porch . anna there , countess , you have find you son and I have find my brother . countess vronsky Madame karenin have a son , too . it 's the first time they have be apart , so she fret about he . vronsky Excuse I for not recognize you before . countess vronsky we pass the time tell each other about we son . anna yes , I have be hearing all about you . vronsky that must have be very boring for you . the ringing sound of the wheel - tapper 's hammer be faintly audible in Anna 's hesitation . Anna shut off the gallantry . anna au revoir , countess . countess vronsky au revoir , my dear . let I kiss you pretty face . 37 countess vronsky do so . Anna turn to offer she hand to vronsky . as vronsky take she hand , the train lurch and move , unsteady they both . ext . platform , same time --day oblonsky - - and everyone still on the platform -- be shocked by a dreadful scream and shouting . the train , have move a few foot , stop . oblonsky hurry towards the scene of the accident , right opposite the gate . the Station - master overtake he . ext . track , same time , day the wheel - tapper lie between the wheel , mangle . oblonsky join the horrify onlooker . the Guards Officer arrive , too , with he bouquet . then vronsky arrive . he turn to the Guards Officer . vronsky keep you people inside until this have be clear up . ext . platform and exit gate --day countess vronsky , vronsky , Anna and oblonsky , oblonsky almost in tear , come towards the gate . a porter follow with Anna 's large suitcase , hat - box , etc . annushka have the travel bag . oblonsky . . . the sole support of a large family , they say . 38 anna can not anything be do for they ? vronsky glance at she . vronsky wait for I , maman . vronsky retrace he step . countess vronsky ( to anna ) I have you to thank for that . she know she son . Anna have not understand , but when oblonsky look back he see vronsky with the stationmaster , take money from he wallet . oblonsky what a good fellow . . . Anna catch on , do not like it . int . oblonsky coach --day anna have you know Count vronsky long ? oblonsky do you like he ? he 's in love with Kitty . anna oh . . . ( pause ) but we should be discuss you and dolly . 39 she scold he like a naughty boy . anna ( cont 'd ) what have you get to say for yourself ? oblonsky I have say it all -- on my knee -- in tear . . . now I need you to say it . I be go to the office , so you will have dolly to yourself . anna ( severely ) do not be home late . int . reception room , oblonsky house , moscow --day dolly pour tea for Anna . dolly smile at she wanly -- brightly . dolly Kitty 's come by to see you . she 's all grow - up , and a bit frighten of you -- the belle of St. Petersburg society ! anna be that who I be ? dolly . . . stiva have tell I . dolly burst into tear . Anna embrace she . anna ( cont 'd ) dolly , I be sorry from the bottom of my heart . 40 dolly I do not know what to do . anna ( soothing ) I know , I know . dolly I can not bear to be with he . and he do not care , he 's get what he want . anna what he want be you . he love you , dolly . you and the child be everything to he . dolly be we ? and there be room for a governess ? anna that be shameful , disgraceful . but it be not love . it be the animal in man , not the soul . stiva 's remorse be from the soul . dolly what about I ? do he remorse make it easier for I ? -- anna I know you be suffer . but , dolly , you must tell I . . . be there enough love leave in you heart . . . enough to forgive he ? dolly when I think of they together , I can not for - give he , no ! 41 anna my poor lamb . so you would rather accept you fate . . . dolly my fate ? ( outraged ) but I have not do anything ! it 's he who be -- anna do you love he , dolly ? dolly nod tearfully . anna ( cont 'd ) you love he , and he love you , but you can not forgive , so you life must continue like this for ever , with both of you wretch . she 's win . int . reception room , oblonsky house --day Anna , Kitty , Tanya and grisha be at a handsome card table where board game , domino , card , etc. , be keep . there be a spill of alphabet brick , each with a letter print in it . they be spelling out they name in alphabet brick . grisha be on Anna 's lap pull at she hair . the spelling business , include misspellings by grisha , create a noise of laughter and mock -rebuke . Tanya at the same time be try to pull a ring from Anna 's finger . Kitty be not at all frighten of Anna now ; enrapture by she , laugh . 42 anna grisha , do not pull so hard , you be get it all in a tangle -- and look for another G for grigori -- ( she take off she ring for Tanya ) -- here , darling , you can wear it till you go to bed -- dolly sit apart , embroider . she look up at the sound of voice down - stair , oblonsky come home . the child hear they father and abandon the card table , run out to greet he . dolly stand up to leave by a dif - ferent door , give Anna a collusive glance . Anna push aside the alphabet brick . anna ( cont 'd ) well , that 's the end of that . kitty will you stay for the bobrishchev 's ball , Anna ? anna oh . . . I always feel dull at a ball . kitty how can you ever be dull ? oblonsky arrive in the doorway with Tanya and grisha hang on he . kitty ( cont 'd ) stiva ! tell Anna she must come to the ball . oblonsky of course she must . 43 he cock a eye at Anna : how do it go with dolly ? Anna move she head : upstairs . anna . . . and God go with you . Kitty catch the moment . oblonsky ( leaving ) you can introduce I to you new governess . tanya she 's old ! she 's a hundred ! which leave Anna and Kitty alone . anna I know why you want I to come . you want everyone to be there because you be sure it 's go to be you night . kitty how do you know ? Anna 's smile be she act out a mock - mysteriousness . anna I know everything . she have move alphabet letter around to spell out vronsky . she laugh at Kitty 's tearful , joyful nodd , genuinely happy for Kitty . anna ( cont 'd ) oh , to be you age again . . . surround by that blue mist , like mist on the mountain 44 that clear slowly to reveal the terrifying , beautiful valley you must enter to become grow - up . . . I be eighteen too , when I get marry . . . a quiet note of regret hang in the air between they for a moment before Anna dispel it . int . reception room , oblonsky house -- night with only a lamp or two light , and the door open , Anna sit alone at the card table , with a neglect book , one hand play idly with the alpha - bet brick . they pleasant click be the only sound as she remain lose in think . she close she book , mark the place . she be go to go up to bed . she hear the sound of the doorbell . int . entrance hall , oblonsky house , same time -- night vronsky have be let in spatter with snow . servant . . . no , you excellency . . . he 's just go up . . . . the princess retire early . . . be there a message ? vronsky glance up and see Anna look down . they eye meet . a second pass . vronsky be about to speak . Anna turn away and move out of he view , towards further stair , with she book . vronsky no . 45 ext . near pokrovskoe --day levin be come home in a sleigh , drive by he one - eye coachman , ignat . he be huddle under a bearskin blanket . the house be in sight . the sleigh overtake a peasant woman , serafina , walk to the house car - rying a big bundle of willow wand strapped to she back : a strong young woman with a handsome face . she stop and bow she head . levin look at she . she then look he in the face . laska , bark joyfully , race from the house . int . bathhouse , pokrovskoe -- day the bathhouse have a stove which heat water . there be a brazier to create instant steam , but not now . levin , almost naked , lie on a plank deck , thoughtful , stare at something . . . no , at someone : serafina , who be put - ting on she clothes . postcoitum . she have no angst . dress , she cross herself . levin will you go to confession ? serafina nod indifferently . levin ( cont 'd ) God will forgive you . serafina and you also , master . he be watch . levin God forgive we then , for commit the act of love . she nod without irony . 46 serafina he be merciful . levin " not accord to my desert , o Lord , but accord to thy mercy " -- that 's a fine prayer . but I be full of doubt . sometimes I even doubt that God exist . serafina how can there be anything if God do not make it ? levin I do not know . one day science will tell we . serafina that 's sinful talk if the priest hear you . levin well , I will not go to confession . serafina ( shrug ) you father build the church . you be con - fess a while yet . levin feel outplay . serafina ( cont 'd ) will you bring I something from Moscow ? levin what would you like ? 47 serafina soap , the kind wrap in paper to look pretty , and smell like for a proper lady . levin be touch . he nod . SOUND over --music overlap with the ball . int . the ball , moscow --night Kitty enter the Ball , a proper lady . this be a gild affair , conduct by a master of ceremony . the host and hostess be position to welcome each guest . Dancing have start -- a waltz . Kitty and she parent enter the ballroom and be receive by they host . everything have come together for Kitty -- she dress , she hair , she skin , she moment . she radiate happiness . a Officer stand aside to let they pass , openly admire Kitty , smoothing he moustache . a youth have trouble with he white tie hurry past but turn back to Kitty . youth Kitty ! May I have a waltz ? kitty you may , boris . I will save you the third just because it 's you first ball . youth ( thrilled ) you be my first conquest . the master of ceremony , korsunsky , arrive and without permission sweep she into the waltz . 48 korsunsky it 's a relaxation to dance with you , princess . Kitty see Anna arrive with oblonsky and give a little gasp at she god-given beauty . korsunsky ( cont 'd ) but back to work ! where do you want to be take ? kitty there . korsunsky waltze she brilliantly through the dancer and twirl she to rest in front of a small group include Anna and oblonsky -- float Kitty 's train . korsunsky ( bowing ) so that you ankle may be see . Anna appraise Kitty at a glance and give she a tiny nod signify top mark . Kitty glow . kitty how be you , stiva ? oblonsky thanks to Anna , I be a happy man . would you like to dance ? kitty no , ask Anna . 49 anna ( demur ) no . . . I do not . . . she look up and see vronsky come straight towards she . anna ( cont 'd ) come on then . just as vronsky be about to bow , she take oblonsky 's arm and he whirl she away . Kitty smile for vronsky but he eye have follow Anna , know - ing she cut he . he remember himself after a awkward hiatus . Kitty 's mother and father be watch from afar . vronsky oblige . he invite she into the waltz . prince shcherbatsky . . . this vile , idiotic matchmake of yours . . . princess shcherbatsky for goodness ' sake , what have I do ? prince shcherbatsky levin be a thousand time better than this Petersburg fop . if he have royal blood my daughter would not need he ! vronsky 's mind be absent and the waltz end after only a few step . he stand wait for the music to start . kitty be anything the matter ? 50 vronsky no . you look . . . as lovely as ever , princess Kitty . the music start and they dance on . at the end of the waltz , vronsky leave Kitty with she mother , bow and depart . princess shcherbatsky be beginning to have doubt . she start to ask . kitty ( sharply ) do not ask I , maman ! boris the youth pop up to claim he dance . Dancing , Kitty see vronsky talk to a couple of officer . she be anxious but not disillusion . grumpy Prince shcherbatsky be dance with countess nordston . countess nordston he will dance the mazurka with Kitty , you ' will see . I call the mazurka the now - or-never . Anna watch the dance . she reject a offer with a smile . she see vron - sky and to she discomfort vronsky look up and catch she look . she turn away at once , and notice that lady be curtsey and man be bow as the host and hostess escort a overweight but glitter young couple towards a decorative buffet in a adjoin salon : the austrian royal honeymooner . . . attend by the Guards Officer from the station . Anna stand and curtsey as they pass by into the salon . . . where oblonsky be roaring with laughter , champagne in hand . austrian princess . . . we be shut up in the train for a hour ! 51 Anna steal a sidelong glance towards vronsky but he be no longer there . she look for he among the dancer , smile at Kitty go by with the enthusiastic , inexpert boris . suddenly , vronsky be at Anna 's side . vronsky dance with I . anna ( calmly ) I be not use to be speak to like that by a man I meet once at a railway station . vronsky I dare say , but if I be not to dance with you , I be get out of this operetta and go home . anna then , for Kitty 's sake . she give he she hand . Kitty look for vronsky , can not see he , then be take aback to see he with Anna . Kitty watch Anna dance . Anna say something which make vronsky laugh . Anna laugh . Anna blossom in front of Kitty 's eye . vron - sky twirl Anna around and she come smile into he arm . it go on like that . Kitty watch they from within the arm of young man , old man , from the wall . Anna and vronsky dance slow , they dance fast , gaily , solemnly , gaze lock . other be notice too : countess nordston , princess shcherbatsky , and eagle - eye matron . Anna , oblivious , have find a release in herself . 52 countess nordston find Kitty sit alone . korsunsky announce the mazurka . countess nordston you be not dance the mazurka ? I will not have it . she pull Kitty to she foot . countess nordston ( cont would ) I be engage by General glub -- I give he to you . the mazurka . . . korsunsky supervise a large circle of couple who change partner as they go round , with one couple dance in the middle of the circle . korsunsky . . . the lady choose a lady and a gentleman . . . ! the lady in the middle beckon to Anna and the man who , change part - ner , happen to be dance with she . they enter the middle where they have they solo turn as a couple , while the original couple reenter the circum - ference . Anna be flushed with pleasure . among the surround dancer , vronsky have no eye for he partner , only for Anna . Kitty , dance , watch vronsky incredulous . korsunsky ( cont 'd ) ( addressing anna ) . . . and the lady choose a lady and a gentleman . . . ! 53 Anna look smilingly around the dance circle and see Kitty stare at she . Anna " wake up . " everything which make she drunk make she sober in the instant . she wait until the change of partner bring Kitty and vronsky together . she beckon they into the middle . her own partner expect to re-join the circumference with Anna , but she make a apology and escape through the circle , run towards the door . with a howl and clatter , the St. Petersburg express seem to crash through the ballroom . montage a abstract , nightmarish , discordant noise of clatter and howling accompany unexplain flame -- light on wood , glass , iron . . . blackness open like a door on a blizzard of light , and slam shut . Anna 's face , eye close , float ghostlike . int . train , same time -- night Anna come to consciousness in the dimly light carriage , make sense of what seem like a hallucination . wind and snow batter on the window . the carriage Stoker , in long coat and cap , deal with the stove , clear frost off a thermometer on the wall . he leave , open the door to snow and wind and slamm it behind he . ext . russia -- night the train " speed " ( 35 m.p.h. ) through a blizzard . 54 int . the train Anna have a read lamp hook over she armrest , and a novel . she cut a page with a paper-knife . but the book can not hold she . she be read without take it in . she turn back a page and try again , but almost at once she turn to the window where the dark reflection of she face look back at she . Kitty 's face stare as she stare at Anna , betrayed . Anna turn away from the window . the Guard come through the door , let in wind and snow , and shut it . he walk through the carriage . guard bologoye ! Fifteen minute . the train be slow . ext . bologoye --night the train clank to a halt at a small station . Anna ( and a few other ) get down from the train . she wear a heavy cloak . the wind blow a few snowflake through the station but the roof keep off the snow . she be glad of the fresh air . here and there , man be walk , smoking , laugh together . she feel better . a tall outline of a man in a greatcoat and military cap emerge from the flicker gloom . she catch she breath . he salute she . vronsky can I be of service to you ? anna I do not know you be . . . why be you leave ? 55 vronsky you know why . I have to be where you be . I can not not . anna this be wrong . if you be a good man , forget everything that happen , as I will . vronsky I will never forget a single thing about you , not a word , not a gesture -- anna that 's enough ! she climb the step on to the porch . at the door to the carriage she pause . the encounter have leave she feel elate and frighten . ext . station , ST . petersburg --day the train arrive . vronsky get down from the train and start to walk towards Anna 's carriage . his german valet , franz , run up to he ( from second class ) . vronsky take the luggage home . franz run back the other way . vronsky walk on , then stop when he see karenin wait on the platform , smile and go forward to hand Anna down the step . kapitonich enter the carriage . vronsky hesitates . anna ( anxious ) be serozha all right ? 56 karenin oh , be that all I get ? yes , he 's quite well . vronsky step forward . Anna know he 's there . she angle herself to avoid look at he . vronsky do you have a good night ? he bow to karenin . anna yes , quite comfortable . Count vronsky . karenin extend a hand indifferently then dismiss vronsky , draw Anna with he . karenin I have to get back to the Committee . . . he walk Anna away . karenin ( cont 'd ) well -- be you a success ? anna I ? oh -- dolly and stiva . . . yes , I think so . . . vronsky watch they go . 57 ext . vronsky' apartment , ST . petersburg -- day a snowy St. Petersburg street . vronsky arrive home by cab . he have a flat in a old apartment block . int . vronsky' flat , ST . petersburg , same time --day vronsky ring the doorbell . a servant open the door . a male voice shout " if it 's someone demand money , do not let he in ! " vronsky I will announce myself . veronsky enter the main room . the occupant of the flat be a 2nd lieuten - ant , petritsky , wear he greatcoat over shirt and trousers . petritsky vronsky ! the master himself . baroness , coffee from the new coffeepot for Count vronsky . petritsky indicate a pretty young woman in satin . petritsky ( cont 'd ) I hope you be pleased by this ornament to you quarter . vronsky bow and kiss she finger . baroness I will be off home if I be in the way . 58 vronsky you be at home where you be , baroness . baroness ah ! -- Pierre , you never say such pretty thing to I . we be just discuss my husband . he will not divorce I , you see . and do you know why ? vronsky no . baroness because he like eat off my family silver . vronsky ah. baroness I want to bring a action . just because I be suppose to be unfaithful , I do not see why I have to eat off Pierre 's crockery . look at it . vronsky it 's my crockery . petritsky how be Moscow ? vronsky provincial . 59 int . serozha's bedroom , karenin house -- night Anna , she dress change , lie on serozha 's bed , on she side , one arm under he bedclothes scratch he back gently . he lie quietly on he stomach , with he eye close , he face inch from hers . in the dim light of a night - light she gaze at he for long moment . serozha ( mutter ) you have stop . she resume scratch . he grunt contentedly . serozha ( cont 'd ) ( sleepily ) thank you for my present . anna sssh . . . she kiss he and continue to lie there , gently scratch . he fall quickly asleep . she remove she arm and restore he bedclothes . int . bedroom floor , karenin house -- night there be a suite of room : the bedroom connect to Anna 's boudoir / dress room ; and thence to karenin 's small sitting room / dress room , which connect to the rest of the house . the room -- like the whole house -- be light by gas lamp but also by candle at key point . 60 int . karenin' dressing room , same time -- night korney , the valet , gather up a discard shirt , etc . karenin in a dress gown be read in a comfortable chair , by a candle lamp . korney leave . int . boudoir , same time -- night Anna be at she bureau . she frown and tear up the letter she be write . int . dressing room , same time -- night karenin look at the clock -- nearly midnight -- and close he book . he blow out the candle . he come to the boudoir announce himself with a smile . karenin time for bed ! int . boudoir , same time -- night karenin come to put he hand on Anna 's shoulder . anna I be write to dolly . . . and to Kitty . karenin you be . . . good . Anna shake she head and clasp he hand . 61 int . bedroom , same time -- night candle each side of the bed . karenin crack he knuckle . he unlock a drawer and open a tin box lie in the drawer . Anna , disrob , register this sound . karenin what be they say in Moscow about the new statute ? anna what new statute ? karenin take a contraceptive sheath , make from animal intestine ( be - usable ) from the tin . karenin the new statute I carry in Council . Anna blow she candle out and get into bed . anna no one mention it . karenin ah. really ? he come to bed in he nightshirt . karenin ( cont 'd ) here it make quite a sensation . he get into bed . Anna wait dead -ey . karenin blow he candle out . 62 int . kitty' room , shcherbatsky house , moscow --day Kitty , a hollow - eye version of herself , in a demure nightdress , sit upright on a chaise longue with she leg stretch out . the family Doctor deferen - tially remove one of she slipper as though it be a intimate garment . family doctor forgive I , princess , but I must . . . with a silver " fork " the Doctor test the sole of she foot for a reflex . Kitty be miserably go along with a farce she despise . int . outside kitty' room , same time --day the Prince and princess be hover . the princess flutter with anxiety , the Prince be in a temper . prince shcherbatsky be I the only one who know what 's wrong with she ? but a celebrity Doctor , as shiny as he own gold watch which he be check - ing , be bear down on they , riding over a footman 's attempt to announce he . princess shcherbatsky oh , thank God , doctor - - my friend say you be the only one who can save she ! celebrity doctor possibly , princess , possibly ! at you service , you excellency . where be the patient ? 63 int . kitty' room , same time --day Kitty be sobbing with shame : the celebrity Doctor have stripped she to the waist and be tapping she chest . the family Doctor can not bear it and excuse himself . celebrity doctor come , come , princess , we be not backward people -- I handle naked body every day . deep breath now . . . int . outside kitty' room , same time --day the family Doctor and the parent be in a huddle . the Prince be apoplectic . prince shcherbatsky by God . I will challenge the scoundrel ! family doctor it 's the modern way . . . princess shcherbatsky ( to the Prince ) you be not a doctor ! family doctor her symptom . . . loss of appetite , fast pulse -- prince shcherbatsky well , whose pulse would not be fast if some brute of a-- the celebrity Doctor come briskly out of Kitty 's room , check he watch . 64 celebrity doctor nervous palpitation . we must treat the nerve . a tubercular cavity be suspect , too soon to tell . soden water every two hour . I must see she again tomorrow . ( he bow ) Prince ! princess ! he 's go . the Prince enter Kitty 's room . int . kitty' room , same time --day Kitty be humiliate and triple - wrap against the violation of she bosom . prince shcherbatsky do not you fret , my little kate ! you will wake up one fine morning and say to yourself - - " I feel well and happy and I will go out for a walk with papa ! " the Prince be mortify when Kitty 's sob redouble . int . art exhibition , ST . petersburg --day the social set Anna now move in be the brilliant circle with connection to the Court on one hand and to the demi-monde of artist on the other . a lead light of this set be princess betsy tverskaya , a rich society beauty . betsy 's immediate circle include tuskevich , she " admirer . " Anna lift she eye to see vronsky in front of she , talk to betsy . vronsky see Anna and bow . she acknowledge he and kiss betsy , and move on , study the next picture . vronsky watch Anna move on . betsy cock a eye at he . 65 int . piano recital , ST . petersburg --day a few row of chair in someone 's reception room , a mix audience of guest , a flashy pianist . . . betsy with a " toy " dog on she lap , tuskevich on one side , Anna on the other . the dog yap and sneeze . betsy hand the dog to tuskevich , who go to exit with the dog . as tuskevich leave , vronsky come in . Anna see he . she turn back to the piano . betsy glance at she . ext . park , ST . petersburg --day Anna and betsy , on a bright snow - white day , be be drive through a park in betsy 's smart equipage . . . towards a horseman walk towards they : vronsky salute the little carriage as it trot by he . Anna keep look straight ahead . betsy acknowledge vronsky 's salute . betsy I want to give a small dinner before the opera . be there anyone you would like I to ask ? anna yes . . . yes , the Metropolitan Bishop of St. Petersburg . betsy laugh . int . stair and entrance hall , karenin house -- night annushka put Anna 's opera cloak over she shoulder , while korney stand ready with karenin 's cloak and opera hat . karenin come down the stair to join Anna . kapitonich stand ready to let they out . 66 karenin countess lydia tell I you have not be to one of she evening since you return . anna the last one be to meet a missionary , the one before be for a lecture on the union of the Greek and Roman church . ( climb down ) I be sorry -- I know you be fond of she . come on , or we will be late . kapitonich open the door to let they out . int . " french theatre , " ST . petersburg --night this be a small theatre with a " promenade " area where a group of Guards officer of high and low rank mix together to enjoy the chanteuse , the comedian and the can-can girl . vronsky be with he command Officer , Colonel demin . demin here 's the thing , vronsky . a posting have come up and there 's a promotion in it for you . vronsky thank you , sir . demin the garrison in tashkent . 67 vronsky tashkent ? but . . . I would like to stay in Peter , sir , if you do not mind . demin I do not mind . but you mother . . . the can - can music start up , to many cheer . demin clap enthusiastically . vronsky be angry . int . opera house , ST . petersburg --night a attendant take vronsky 's coat and give he a token for it . there be a performance go on within , resolve into applause as he mount the stair . karenin , a escapee look at he pocket watch , come down the stair , go down past vronsky , look back at he for a moment , and continue . int . betsy opera BOX -- night vronsky enter the box as the performance prepare to resume . it be the tverskoy box , occupy by princess betsy and she husband , who be likeable , overweight and , strangely enough , look at a antiquarian book ; wear - ing white glove . vronsky bow to they and sit down next to betsy . he take she opera glass and look through they at the karenin box . betsy you do not come to my dinner . vronsky I have to see my command Officer . 68 betsy " she " do not come either . vronsky watch Anna through the glass . countess lydia ivanovna be next to she . lydia be in she forty , sallow , no beauty , sincerely religious , and determine . int . karenin opera BOX , same time -- night lydia . . . work never cease for great man . you husband be a saint and we must all cherish he for Russia 's sake . Anna wince a smile . lydia ( cont 'd ) I hope you can come on afterwards -- Father Kristof 's report on the chinese mission will be with lantern slide . anna I be expect at the tverskoy . lydia no doubt , but I be sure princess betsy can wait for you , my dear . Anna glance at betsy 's box and see vronsky there . the opera resume . anna yes . in fact , I think I will not go to betsy 's . 69 int . tverskoy opera BOX , same time -- night vronsky look through betsy 's glass . betsy you be catch . vronsky I be afraid I be become ridiculous . int . betsy reception room , tverskoy house --day discreet footmen move chair to accommodate the guest who move to join one of the conversation circle that make a buzz in the room . betsy sit by the samovar with she little court , include tuskevich . the guest include the princess myagkaya , stout , red -face , outspoken , and two Society lady , Lisa merkalova and " Anna 's friend . " vronsky arrive . lisa merkalova now , there 's a phenomenon , look -- Anna 's shadow have arrive before Anna ! anna's friend I be Anna 's friend . . . but this make - up - one 's - mind - to - it in public be not polite to a distinguished man like karenin . princess myagkaya in my opinion karenin be a fool , and Anna be the best of we . 70 lisa merkalova and we all love you for you contrary opin- ion , princess . vronsky look around . he know everybody in the room . betsy alexei . . . you look desperate . that 's not attractive . vronsky I be lose hope . betsy hope of what ? persuade a virtuous woman to break she marriage vow ? vronsky and how be tuskevich ? betsy that 's not attractive either . besides , I be never virtuous . vronsky no -- you be right . she will not come . I be go home . ext . tverskoy house , ST . petersburg --night the karenin coach arrive . it 's Anna arrive at betsy 's . she enter the house in almost unseemly haste . several coaches be wait . 71 int . cab , ST . petersburg , same time -- night vronsky , in a state , let himself be carry along . then he change he mind . he put he head out of the window to shout to the coachman . vronsky turn round ! int . betsy reception room , tverskoy house -- night Anna enter . face turn to she . she glance around . she know at once that vronsky be not there . betsy beckon to she across the room . Anna , self - possess , smile , nodd to friend , press a hand hold out to she , offer the other hand to be kiss , glide through a crowd of betsy 's guest . voice be not nilsson glorious ? one see that she have study kaulbach , of course . . . there 's something Louis quinze about tuskevich . . . as if he come with the furniture . . . betsy be smoking elegantly . she kiss Anna . betsy he 's go . but you be just in time for the surprise . there be a series of minor explosion outside and the darkness out there turn into a illuminate garden light by fountain of fire , spray of light . the guest react with cry of pleasure and applause . 72 Anna turn at once to the window near she , put she face up against the glass , put she hand to she temple as if to see the illumination better . reverse her self - possess face , light by firework , fall apart in misery . the firework display continue for a short minute and be applaud . betsy acknowledge the congratulation and sycophancy which be she due . Foot - man come through the room with trays of ice . Anna be still at the window , unaware that there be only darkness outside . in the room , betsy note the oddity : Anna alone with she back to the room . reverse on anna Anna open she eye . she be lose for a moment , perplex . vronsky ( o.c. ) May I have the honour of bring you a ice ? Anna turn , understanding nothing . vronsky ( cont 'd ) ice be be serve . anna I would prefer to try a cigarette . she sit down . vronsky take out a cigarette case . he light she cigarette . she try it and cough . 73 vronsky ( in french ) courage ! Anna smile . puff delicately once . anna thank you . she give the cigarette to he . anna ( cont 'd ) I will try another one sometime . vronsky when ? she look at he in surprise . he dunk the cigarette in a abandon dish of ice cream . vronsky ( cont 'd ) where ? anna just as I be think you manners have improve since Moscow . you behave badly , very badly . vronsky and who be responsible for that ? Anna get up and walk over to betsy 's chair . anna give I a cup of tea . 74 betsy obediently get up to fill a cup from the samovar . vronsky follow Anna . this be watch by more than one guest . betsy hand the cup to Anna . betsy how nice -- alexei aleksandrevich have arrive . karenin enter smile . Lisa merkalova and Anna 's friend share a delicious - malicious moment . lisa merkalova I be not sure my nerve can stand another alexei at this moment . as betsy and karenin move smilingly to greet each other , karenin 's radar pick up the two woman 's intimate laughter . karenin remain at apparent ease , as though unaware of people 's glance at vronsky and Anna , and he kiss betsy 's hand . princess myagkaya have meanwhile go over to Anna . Anna like she and be glad of the diversion . princess myagkaya so the schuzburg ask we to dinner . the sauce be say to have cost a thousand rou - ble , and it be ghastly . we have to ask they back . I give they a sauce that cost eighty - five kopek and it be a triumph . Anna and vronsky laugh . princess myagkaya move on . vronsky be you glad to see I or not ? 75 anna this must stop . you make I feel as if I be guilty of something . vronsky what do you want I to do ? anna I want you to go to Moscow and beg Kitty to forgive you . vronsky no , that 's not what you want . Moscow ? I can do better than that . tonight I refuse a posting to tashkent . I can change my mind , and you will never see I again . anna if you have any think for I , you will give I back my peace . vronsky I have no peace to give . there can be no peace for we -- only misery or the great happiness . you be my whole life now . she look at he and nod slowly , as if in think . betsy diplomatically lead karenin to Anna . betsy you husband be impossible ! -- he opinion be all wrong but he talk so brilliantly he win every argument . Anna look up at she , hearing nothing . 76 anna what ? she notice karenin , who kiss she hand . vronsky acknowledge karenin . karenin I call to take you home . anna no , I be stay . send the carriage back for I . karenin of course . he bow to betsy . ignoring vronsky , he turn away . later vronsky be with one group of guest , Anna with another . she be animated , excited , at a small table , involved in a game of card -- which she win , to local applause . she speak a " must go " to betsy , and swiftly go to the door . int . entrance hall , tverskoy house -- night dress for outdoors , Anna come down the staircase . the doorkeeper see she , open the door and signal . ext . tverskoy house , same time -- night the karenin coach move to the entrance door , which be hold open by the doorkeeper . 77 int . tverskoy house , same time -- night Anna hear hurried footstep on the stair . she hesitates . she continue towards the door . vronsky catch up with she . the doorkeeper hold the door open . vronsky do you want I to go to tashkent ? ext . tverskoy house , ST . petersburg , same time -- night the two horse be restless in the freezing air . konrad look to the open door . nobody come . int . tverskoy house , ST . petersburg , same time -- night vronsky so I will go to tashkent . anna no . I do not want you to go . she turn and go out . vronsky follow she . ext . tverskoy house , ST . petersburg , same time -- night vronsky open the carriage door for she . she get into the coach , he close the door . he watch the coach go . his face . 78 int . karenin coach , same time -- night her face . int . entrance hall , karenin house -- night kapitonich let Anna in . int . karenin' dressing room , karenin house -- night karenin , read by candlelight in he dress gown , hear the sound of Anna 's return , all the way to she entrance . he crack he knuckle . anna wait up ? how unlike you ! karenin yes , I stay up to talk to you . Anna keep go , to she dress room / boudoir . anna what about ? it 's late . where 's annushka ? he wait for she to return without she cloak . karenin I send she off . anna well , if you want to talk , but we should go to bed . 79 karenin I have to warn you about something . anna warn I ? it 's really rather late . . . karenin I wish to warn you that you may inadver - tently , by indiscretion and carelessness , give the world occasion to talk about you . anna I be not a committee . please say what you want to tell I . karenin you and Count vronsky attract attention tonight . anna you do not like it when I do not talk to people , and you do not like it when I do . karenin I do not notice anything , myself . but I see that everyone else notice . I consider jeal - ousy to be insulting to you and degrade to I . I have no right to inquire into you feeling . they concern only you conscience . but I be you husband and I love you . it 's my duty to remind you that we be bound together by God , and this bond can only be break by a crime against God . 80 anna I have nothing to say to you , and I be tired . karenin and you have a son . she return to the boudoir . after a moment he follow . int . anna's boudoir , karenin house , same time -- night karenin find she in she underwear , throw aside she dress . he apolo - gise for that . karenin forgive I . ( turning aside ) if I be wrong , I ask you pardon . anna ( lightly ) I do not know what you be talk about , and it 's really too late for this . Excuse I , please . because she want to undress , karenin leave she . int . bedroom , karenin' house , same time -- night Anna lie in bed next to karenin , elate . anna ( almost inaudible ) too late . 81 close -- in the next instant , seemingly in she own bed , she gasp and jerk as though she body have take a blow . the cut be now between a fragment narrative of voracious sex ( " sex as before " ) and " prelude to sex , " this be a sequence of shot start with :-- ext . vronsky apartment , day Anna arrive , heavily veile , by cab . she enter the building . sex as before int . vronsky apartment , same time --day vronsky open he door to Anna . they do not speak . he take she hand and bring she in . sex as before int . vronsky' apartment , same time --day vronsky lead Anna through the apartment to the bedroom . sex as before int . vronsky' bedroom , same time --day vronsky take off Anna 's outer clothes , slowly and carefully , start with she hat and veil . 82 sex as before int . vronsky' bedroom , same time --day Anna , in underclothes , unbutton vronsky 's shirt . sex as before int . vronsky' bedroom , same time --day Anna and vronsky be stand kissing passionately . he have no shirt . sex as before int . vronsky' bedroom , same time --day Anna end up half off the edge of vronsky 's bed , climaxing upside down and fall to the floor . vronsky , also half off the bed , look down at she . he reach down for she . she grasp hold of he hand , huddle , hug it to she , distress to tear . anna oh God forgive I . it 's the end of everything -- I have get nothing leave now , only you . remember that . vronsky Anna . . . Anna . . . how can I not remem - ber ? you be my happiness . he draw she back on to the bed , kiss she face , she shoulder . . . 83 anna happiness ! you murder my happiness . she try to leave but he attack she as a lover , and she give way , respond . anna ( cont 'd ) murderer . murderer . go on . go on . go on . she start hit he . anna ( cont 'd ) yes . go on . go on . go on . ext . spring melt ( pokrovskoe ) -- day in sunshine , a large chunk of ice lose its purchase on winter and go float along a stream of tiny ice floe between grassy bank almost free of snow , with early aconite show . ext . pokrovskoe --day the icy stream flow under a footbridge which have a break handrail . vasili , the steward , be on the bridge with a carpenter . levin , on horseback , be displease . levin I think that have be do . vasili I give the order . what can you do with this people ? levin ride on , into a expand prospect of field and wood , snow on the ground . 84 later when levin get in view of the house , he be puzzle by the distant sight of a three - horse sledge arrive . int . dine room , pokrovskoe --day the new arrival be oblonsky , enjoy he food . oblonsky ah -- potage aux choux a la russe ! agafia come in with the roast fowl . oblonsky ( cont 'd ) agafia ! -- if you open up in Moscow , l' angleterre would go out of business . do you want news of Moscow ? levin of Babylon ? no. oblonsky you be right , what do you care ? you love the country - - you have get it . you love agricultur - ing , and , Lord know , you have get it . you love shoot - - you have get it . you have get every - thing you want ! agafia , leave , throw levin a look ( no wife ) . levin all right , go on , then . have you stop steal bread roll ? 85 oblonsky ballet girl , oriental type . how can I help it ? levin so , nothing new to tell I . how be -- how be the shcherbatsky ? oblonsky you mean Kitty . levin I . . . be she engage now ? oblonsky no. vronsky go back to St. Petersburg . he wait for this to sink in . oblonsky ( cont 'd ) Kitty will be at ergoshovo visit dolly in the summer . you could . . . levin oh yes , as if I have time in the summer ! and I have get extra land this year at kashin for the haymake . oblonsky kashin ? that 's on the ergoshovo road , be not it ? wo not you call when Kitty be there ? levin ( heatedly ) especially not then . I humiliate myself once . now it 's a row . 86 oblonsky damn you , kostya , you love Kitty and you can not forgive she because , first , you funked it , then you bungle it , then you run away from a eighteen - year- old girl who be make a fool of by a uniform . it 's Kitty I be sorry for -- not you ! levin her heart tell she no . do you come to shoot snipe or criticize I ? ext . copse ( pokrovskoe ) -- last light levin and oblonsky , with laska , wait with they gun , a few yard apart . levin have calm down . levin for you , get marry be . . . a social engage - ment . not for I . for I , it 's the condition of personal happiness and live the right way . I will never again be carry away by passion . I renounce it . I will have to find another way . . . oblonsky look out -- here they come ! a couple of snipe come drum over the tree . the man fire simultane - ously . one snipe fall . oblonsky ( cont 'd ) bad luck ! oblonsky laugh . despite himself , levin laugh too . laska retrieve the bird . 87 int . day nursery , oblonsky house --day spring dolly have have she baby . she be hold the infant , have just finish feed he . Kitty be with she . dolly there . oh , I be sore with he feed ! would you like to hold he ? dolly give the baby to Kitty , who take he almost unwillingly . dolly button herself . Kitty 's maternal instinct will not engage . dolly note it . dolly ( cont 'd ) well , do not hold he like a parcel . . . it 's aunt Kitty , darling . . . . Little face . . . little finger . . . look at you . . . do not he make you ashamed of dwelling on you trouble . . . ? kitty I have no trouble . dolly that man be not worth the tear , believe I . kitty ( irritate ) I do not care about he . I do not even think about he . or she . except to hate she . dolly then we will never speak of it again . dolly relieve Kitty of the baby . 88 dolly ( cont 'd ) there be better man wait for you . stiva say . . . Kitty , my lamb , do konstantin levin . . . ? kitty ( flare ) what have levin get to do with it ? anyway , I will never get marry . the whole business of . . . it 's become disgusting to I . . . and look what it 's do for you ! why do they call it love ? dolly because it 's love . lovingly , she settles the baby in he crib , she face fill with tender joy at the bargain . ext . idyllic countryside --day spring a lover ' idyll , by a stream on a warm day . Anna , lightly dress , smoking a cigarette , watch vronsky fill he wineglass from a tethere bottle in the stream . there be a pony trap which bring they . he come back to sit by she . she kiss he . anna I want you to . I do not care about it . vronsky you should care . you be not suppose to . 89 anna pooh ! who say ? vronsky everybody . doctor . she laugh and throw she cigarette into the stream . anna you be squeamish . you a soldier ! would you faint ? vronsky anyway , someone might be watch . Anna look all around . vast emptiness . she lift a dock leaf to look under it . she look up at the sky . anna but I be damned anyway . vronsky I be not . I be bless . Anna push he onto he back and straddle he . anna you love I . vronsky yes . anna only I . 90 vronsky no . anna apart from frou -frou . vronsky yes . Anna hold he face between she hand and work she body on he . anna but I more than you horse ? vronsky yes . anna be you happy ? vronsky yes . anna and you love I ? vronsky yes . anna how much ? vronsky this much . Anna drag the front of she skirt out of she way . 91 anna this much ? vronsky yes . anna this much ? vronsky yes . anna this much ? vronsky yes . anna this much ? and this much ? and this much ? vronsky yes . anna ( fiercely ) and . . . this . . . much . . . ? she fall on he . he stroke she hair . her hand come into view , the index finger bloody . she carefully paint he lip with it . she kiss he lip clean , and roll off he onto she back . 92 anna ( cont 'd ) so this be love . this . int . karenin' study , karenin house --day summer korney bring countess lydia . karenin come from behind he desk to invite she to a chair . karenin countess . . . I think you would be at peterhof now . lydia I have come from there . I be distress that you have not take you usual house this year . karenin Anna want a change . she be spend the summer at tsarskoe . lydia near princess betsy . and . . . karenin wait . lydia ( cont 'd ) the Guards be in summer camp at tsarskoe . karenin wait . 93 lydia ( cont 'd ) alexei alexandrovich , forgive I but you be too tolerant ! you wife . . . karenin affect surprise . karenin oh , be this about my wife ? he smile at she . karenin ( cont 'd ) my wife be beyond reproach . she be , after all , my wife . countess lydia get the message . she rise to go . karenin kiss she hand and accompany she to the door . she leave he , and he social mask give way to he disturbance . int . demin' house , tsarskoe -- night the command Officer be throw a party for he officer : serious drink - ing , soldier servant , a crowded table on the large verandah , soldier sing - er in white linen tunic perform operetta and folk song . vronsky , in party spirit , be with petritsky and another friend , yashvin , sing along . a officer we do not know be , surprisingly , hail as " vronsky ! " -- he 's vronsky 's elder brother , Alexander . he gesture " later ! " and go to vron - sky . the brother embrace . alexander alyosha . . . a message from maman . her friend princess sorokina have a house here , and a virgin daughter , that 's not part of the 94 message , but they will all be at the race and you be expect to supper afterwards . the song end and demin , half drunk , climb on the table , shout for silence and a toast . demin gentlemen -- I give you -- the regiment ! General uproar . " the regiment . " ext . demin' garden , tsarskoe -- night on a garden bench where the noise of the party be quieter , vronsky and Alexander talk . alexander I hear you turn down a promotion . vronsky that be maman interfere . alexander yes . and now she 's come up with a princess for you . ( seriously ) alexei-- we be brother , so do not take offence . get marry put the pack on you back -- it leave you hand free for climb the ladder . get serious about a marry woman be like carry you pack in you arm . 95 vronsky so they talk about I . I be leave , sasha . alexander a assignation ? vronsky come on , I will introduce you . ext . stable , tsarskoe -- night vronsky with Alexander beside he cluck he tongue at the black open of a stable and call softly for frou - frou . there 's a stir within and the mare 's head appear . vronsky open the door . alexander beautiful . a man would come to no harm . do you think you will win tomorrow ? vronsky makhotin 's gladiator be favourite , sixteen hand -- frou - frou look dainty beside he , but she 's get heart . have not you , my darling ? he kiss frou - frou . ext . meadow --day vronsky see Anna before she see he . he pause to look at she , strike by she beauty , full of love for she . she be lose in think . 96 vronsky Anna . she have not be expect he . she be concerned . anna alexei , what be it ? he shake he head : nothing . she come to he and hide she face in he breast . he hold she tight , take she hand and kissing it . vronsky I could not bear not to see you before the race . she hug he , kissing he tunic . vronsky ( cont 'd ) what be you think about ? she continue to hide she face . he lift she face . vronsky ( cont 'd ) tell I . anna I be pregnant . vronsky press she hand to he face . vronsky ah . . . my love . he kiss she brow and she eye . 97 vronsky ( cont 'd ) well , love be never a game to we . here 's a end to live in corner , exist day to day on lie . yes , now we can be together . anna how can we , alexei ? vronsky tell karenin everything . anna do you think my husband will make you a present of I ? vronsky leave he . anna leave he and be you mistress ? vronsky yes. run away . anna I would never see my son again . the law be make by husband and father . vronsky what , then ? I will never forgive myself for you unhappiness . Anna look into he face . 98 anna unhappiness ? I be like a starve beggar who have be give food . she smile rapturously . anna ( cont 'd ) I unhappy ? no , this be my happiness ! she kiss he deeply . ext . maze , karenin' rented house , tsarskoe --day it 's a good maze . Anna and serozha be run , laugh , between the hedge . it 's a game . she be try to find she way to he , chase he . a hedge divide they . serozha dart away from she , run into a dead end , double back . she spot he , follow he , and now he have elude she again . serozha find he way out of the maze and be confront by karenin . karenin how be you , young man ? you tutor do not seem to be in evidence . we will have a look at you lesson book . Anna , come out of the maze , see karenin , recover . anna alexei ! -- you get away at last . can you stay ? karenin why . . . ? serozha look scared to tear . Anna kiss he . 99 anna go and find vasily lukich . serozha run into the house . anna ( cont 'd ) I have to change . princess betsy be send she trap for I . would you like to come ? -- she 's take I to watch the race . karenin smile coldly . karenin race , surely . no , I will come on later , and then I must get back to town . Anna return to the house . she wipe she kiss hand on she skirt . ext . the race --day this be a rough - and - ready racecourse but the venue for a high society occa - sion , with a grandstand for top people and a grander section , ornament for great comfort , for member of the Imperial family . it be also a fashion parade for some . the racecourse itself be a oval approach by a straight . there be nine fence , water - jump , etc. , of various difficulty . the " jockey " be officer in the Guards , the hussar and other regiment . among they be vronsky , attend by a trainer who be fussing over frou - frou 's bridle and calming she . vronsky look with interest at a big power - ful horse which must be gladiator , with Captain makhotin already in the saddle . makhotin and vronsky greet each other with a nod . 100 karenin -- arrive at the race . . . make he way towards the front , smile , raise he hat to acquaintance . . . he eye busy look for he wife . he reach the front and look up at the lady ' stand . ext . the lady ' stand , the race , same time -- day Anna and betsy be here , and , not far away , so be countess vronsky and the princess sorokina : the mother be a fade fortyish ; the daughter be eighteen , blonde and pretty . below the lady section be a planke stand area for gentleman , who also may stand to watch the race from the step aisle of the seat section . Soldiers , horse people and local watch from the turf . a race be flow towards the win post , with accompany crowd reac - tion , but it be clear from Anna 's detachment , exchange chat with betsy , that this be not vronsky 's race . karenin -- look up to the lady ' stand . betsy smile at he in greeting , but Anna seem unaware . countess vronsky appraise the young princess . countess vronsky exquisite creature . . . you really ought to be the spoil of victory today . . . the young princess smile at she . countess vronsky turn she glass towards the start Post . 101 ext . near the starting post , the race , same time --day . . . vronsky mount frou - frou . the rider move to the start line . karenin . . . watch Anna who be look through she glass towards the start Post while the current race finish to cheer . karenin , smiling around , watch as :-- Anna 's anxious attention turn to a horse and rider who fall further down the course -- and to the ambulance wagon ( with a red cross sewn on it ) . . . karenin mount the step of the aisle , raise he hat to lady he know . Anna ignore he . on the wooden board below , where gentleman be watch , oblonsky call up to betsy . oblonsky princess ! a bet ! what do you fancy in the next ? betsy kusolev . oblonsky I be on vronsky . a pair of glove ? 102 betsy done ! ( to anna ) Alexander vronsky . . . in the aisle at the top of the stand , karenin watch as : -- vronsky 's brother Alexander , escort he wife , varya , bow to Anna and betsy , but significantly varya succeed in not notice they . ext . starting post , the race , same time --day the rider line up . . . and they be off . vronsky' Pov the stand and spectator be distant , the first fence come at he , horse on either side . his neighbour fall at the fence but frou - frou be clear , with gladiator half a length in front . the next fence be come up . gladiator and frou - frou jump cleanly but a follow horse fall badly . ext . lady ' stand , the race , same time --day spectator on either side of Anna and that behind and in front collectively react . karenin sees that : Anna react not at all . her gaze through she glass stay unwaver on vronsky . karenin note this , and from then on he attention be fix on Anna . when the horse come opposite the stand , she lower she glass and follow frou - frou take the lead from gladiator . 103 vronsky -- ease frou - frou past gladiator . the horse take the next jump . lady ' stand with one hand Anna grip she fold fan . karenin 's face be a mask as he watch Anna unconsciously half - destroy it . she raise she glass . anna's Pov through glass frou - frou approach the last fence with gladiator half a length behind , on the near side to Anna . vronsky -- work the rein , rise and fall in rhythm with the horse , look ahead to the win post , and before know it he make a error , lose the rhythm , drop back into the saddle and raise the horse 's head , just as frou - frou take off . anna's Pov ( through glass ) frou - frou rise , gladiator rise . frou - frou disappear . gladiator clear the fence in Anna 's foreground . simultaneously , there be shriek and exclamation all around she -- off camera -- and the view through the glass zigzag in search of frou - frou , impede by horse jump the fence . 104 she lower the glass and see frou - frou on the ground , roll over , and vronsky on the ground . countess vronsky -- see this , too , she mouth set tight with contempt . karenin -- look shocked . almost in the same moment he hear Anna 's anguish cry , conspicuous in the hubbub that follow the crowd 's exclamation . anna alexei . . . ! karenin I be here . this be adroit . he come down several step and push through to offer he arm , but Anna have lose control , try to escape like a bird beat against its cage . karenin ( cont 'd ) would you like to leave ? Anna ignore he , put she glass to she eye , search out vronsky . on the course vronsky extricate himself from he break horse and , in terrible recrimina - tion , try to pull frou - frou to she foot by the rein . frou - frou struggle to get up but she back be break . official , officer , and a doctor have come run . 105 anna . . . see a Officer hurry to the Imperial party to report . anna stiva ! what be they say ? oblonsky vronsky 's unhurt -- but the horse . . . Anna relapse into sob , attempt to hide she face behind she destroy fan . betsy give Anna she fan . vronsky -- be restrain by a Officer . officer her back 's break ! the Officer take a pistol from he holster . vronsky , enraged and in grief , take the pistol from he . karenin -- persist with Anna . karenin I be ask you . . . if you wish to go . . . he touch Anna 's arm . she jerk it away . 106 anna no , leave I alone . betsy I will bring she home , alexei . karenin ( smiling politely ) Excuse I , princess , but Anna be not well and I want she to come with I . a gunshot be hear from the course . Anna turn she tear - streak face towards it . int . moving coach --day Anna 's hysteria have solidify into a blank despair . karenin seem to want to pretend that nothing important have happen . karenin you know . . . they say the Emperor dis - approve of the race . . . the danger of injury . . . but I . . . Anna look at he contemptuously . anna what ? karenin I be say there be a value in manly sport , for the military -- 107 anna I do not understand . karenin in my opinion , it 's not the sport itself that 's wrong , it 's the spectacle , it 's make a cruel spectacle out of -- anna what be you talk about ? karenin change tack . karenin I have to tell you -- anna yes . karenin I have to tell you , you behave improperly today . anna and how be that ? she have raise she voice . he raise a warning finger , and reach to close the communication window behind the coachman 's box . karenin by make plain you feeling when one of the rider fall . you conduct be improper . it must not occur again . I have say it before . Anna smile faintly . he be misl by that . 108 karenin ( cont 'd ) you be go to say my concern be unnece - sary and ridiculous . you be my wife . I be wrong to think that . . . yes -- perhaps I be mistaken . Anna look at he despairingly . anna no , you be not mistaken . I love he . I be he mistress . I can not bear you , I be afraid of you , I hate you . do what you like to I . karenin be literally wind -- gasp for breath , slowly get he breath - ing under control . Anna huddle away from he in she corner . karenin recover himself only to the point of sit stock -still , look at nothing , not move . the coach lurch , unbalance he so that he be push against Anna . he recoil as if from a contamination . the coach slow . the coach stop . a servant come to the coach door , open the door . karenin wait , please . move away . the servant back off . karenin ( cont 'd ) I will not have a scandal . therefore . . . you will not see . . . this man again . you will behave in such a way that nothing be know against you , by society or by the servant . in return , you will keep the privilege of a 109 wife -- and the duty . tomorrow you will return home . that be all . Anna get out of the coach and run into the maze . ext . maze -- night Anna come to vronsky . she be still shake by the showdown with karenin in he coach , but be now overtaken by concern for vronsky after he fall . anna be you hurt ? vronsky shake he head . he be move by the sight of she , full of love and desire , but in she embrace he detect something new , a nervous exaltation . vronsky what 's happen ? anna I tell he I be you mistress . vronsky lift she face , stroke she cheek . he wait . anna ( cont 'd ) he think I can give you up and go on live . he embrace she for that , relieved , grateful , loving -- understanding that she be not go to give he up . 110 vronsky no , you cannot . int . ( ST . petersburg ) -- night Imperial hand ( the Tsar 's for all we know ) place over karenin 's head a broad red ribbon from which hang a heavy medal . karenin bow low . int . imperial salon , ST . petersburg --night at a ornate doorway a Major - domo announce . major domo they excellency Minister karenin and Madame karenin ! karenin , wear he medal , and Anna smile they way into a party , to a patter of polite applause . further grandee be be announce , but be not applaud . . . Prince and princess berghatskoy . . . ambassador chamber - lain . . . Baron and baroness verdlov . . . Prince and princess tverskoy . . . betsy alexei aleksandrevich . . . congratulation . you be the only man my husband would do this for . anna ( to Prince tverskoy ) tell I you latest find for you library . prince tverskoy not in front of the princess . 111 betsy draw Anna away for a moment . betsy I can tell you be happy . you have put on a little weight . anna both true . int . serozha's bedroom , karenin' house -- night Anna , in the same dress , kiss serozha tenderly so as not to wake he , and leave the room . int . bedroom level , karenin house , same time -- night Anna enter the suite where karenin , in he dress gown , put down he book . he be elate by he evening . karenin time for bed ! int . bedroom , karenin house , ST . petersburg -- night Anna be in bed . karenin be get ready for bed . Anna listen apprehen - sively to the little noise of karenin 's pre-coital preparation . 112 karenin . . . not that I care for decoration but . . . anna alexei . . . I can not . . . I be sorry . . . but I be he wife now . ( she turn to he ) I be have he child . karenin stare at she . he turn back to the open drawer and put thing back the way they be . he lock the drawer . he put on he dress gown and leave the room . Anna wait a moment and follow he . int . sitting room , karenin house , same time -- night it 's dark . Anna hear the crack of he knuckle and can see he faintly , sit in the dark . karenin tell I what I do to deserve this . ext . haymaking ( kashin ) -- day a prospect : next to a country road , a large expanse of meadow be be mown forty swathes at a time by forty mower swinging they scythes almost in unison . closer --levin be suffer but keep up , bath in perspiration . his place be behind a old man , Theodore , who be scything as if without effort . just in time for levin , Theodore call a halt and take levin 's scythe to sharpen it with a whetstone . levin attract a few grin and comment . 113 young peasant konstantin dmitrich , you will know you row when the field 's all do ! levin 's row have stalk of differ height between the even swathes on either side . there be some laughter , but the man be uneasy . ext . haymaking ( kashin ) -- sundown it 's time to stop for the day . more tomorrow . the mower with they scythes walk back across the large meadow of cut swathes . from the other direc - tion , a crowd of Village woman be come to meet they carry food and drink . ext . haymaking ( kashin ) -- dusk a fire have be light . the mower eat they meal in the company of woman . serafina tend to a cooking pot in the firelight . levin watch she discreetly . he have settle down at a discreet distance from the man . his attention be catch by a grow - up Boy and he young wife who have choose to sit slightly apart . he be charme by they , watch the girl serve she husband . Theodore come to levin with a jug . levin take a swig . levin how many mower be it , Theodore ? theodore forty -two , master . in you father 's time it be work for two day for thirty man . . . ( slyly ) . . . though he never pick up a scythe himself . 114 levin the man do not like I for it . theodore they like what they be use to . levin it settles I . theodore how be that , master ? levin when I be mow , I do not ask myself why I be here . theodore you be here to be master , konstantin dmi- trich , to be you father 's son , and father to a son who will be master after you , as it have always be by the grace of God . levin my father own you , Theodore . my grand - father own you father . own you like chattel , to be buy and sell . be that by the grace of God ? theodore it be . that be good time when you father have the keep of we . that 's my youngest you be look at there . his young life be perilous now since the free - dom come and work must be find . 115 levin it 's true I be look at he . theodore ( laugh ) at he wife too , I dare say . levin be abash , find out . levin they look happier than I have ever be . be it live simply that I be look for ? ext . haymaking ( kashin ) -- night night under the star . some of the man have go , some have settle in for the night . the cooking fire be burn out . levin remain where he be , watch , think : draw to " the simple life . " ext . haymaking ( kashin ) -- dawn levin wake . . . wake by hoofbeat and the jingle of harness . levin see a coach come towards he . the coach come nearer , leather box strapped to the roof . levin see that a young woman be look out of the side window , hold on to the white ribbon of she bonnet . he see that it be Kitty , on she way to ergoshovo . ( princess shcherbatsky be also inside , doze . ) the coach pass on , leave levin lovelorn , the dawn light on he . the sight of Kitty have turn he round again . 116 int . station , ST petersburg --day autumn vronsky stand at the entrance to the platform hold a bouquet , wait for a train . he look pretty feed up . int . " french theatre , " ST . petersburg --night as before , the set - up be a small stage , a small auditorium , and a area for drink , cruise , etc. , a combination of music hall and a bar with a few table . vronsky be here as the escort of a foreign Prince ( a indian ) , watch - ing a " risqué " show with can -can Girls , much relish by the visitor . vronsky 's glance cast about in the gloom . the champagne be flow . vron - sky spot a trio -- Lisa merkalova , betsy , and stremov , a politician and karenin 's rival . vronsky catch betsy 's eye . she beckon he . he excuse himself to the foreign Prince , who do not notice , and go over to the other table . under the music , he be introduce to stremov , and kiss the hand of the woman . he take the empty chair . vronsky he 's some kind of prince at home . exhaust - ing . where be tuskevitch this evening ? betsy why ask I ? at which moment , makhotin appear at the table . vronsky relinquish he chair . 117 vronsky Captain makhotin . . . vronsky bow to the woman . vronsky ( cont 'd ) I must leave you . I be on duty tonight . makhotin lucky woman . give she my respects , and to karenin if you see he . vronsky freeze in anger . betsy do not . would you compromise I ? and Lisa ? Lisa and stremov be enjoy it . vronsky turn away . the foreign Prince be applaud enthusiastically when vronsky rejoin he . stremov ( smirk ) I only say that a man who can not govern he wife have perhaps go as far as he can go in government . int . bedroom , vronsky' flat , ST . petersburg -- day vronsky wake . he have fall asleep in he clothes . a note have be deliv- ere , propped up by the bed . he reach for it . 118 ext . karenin house , ST . petersburg --night a cab bring vronsky . the karenin coach be wait outside . as vronsky approach the door , it open and kapitonich come out with a fold rug . kapitonich be wrong - foote by see he . karenin come out of the door , into the gaslight . when he see vronsky he hesitates for a fraction but con - tinue . kapitonich be hold open the door of the coach . vronsky bow , karenin , expressionless , touch he hat and get into the coach , take the rug . vronsky walk into the house as the coach move off . int . entrance hall , karenin house , same time -- night kapitonich come in , close the door . vronsky give he he hat and coat . kapitonich good evening , you excellency . kapitonich be uneasy . a footman come from a service door . he see vron - sky and look to kapitonich . vronsky I be expect . kapitonich nod to the footman . int . reception room , karenin house , same time -- night Anna , six month pregnant , be seat almost formally . the footman let vronsky in and retire close the door . Anna run to vronsky . 119 anna no ! -- no . I will not live like this ! he hold she , calming she , hush she . he lead she into a Winter Garden conservatory off the reception room . anna ( cont 'd ) wait hour after hour while you be drink - ing champagne with naked actress -- do not think I do not know ! -- Lisa merkalova still call on I . vronsky it 's punishment enough that I be on escort duty , without . . . anna yes -- I be sorry -- it 's my demon , I can not help it . vronsky you write that you be ill . anna do I ? well , I be ! ( gaily ) but do not worry ! it will not be for long , I will soon be out of you way -- soon ! vronsky stop . anna no , it 's true . I be tell it in a dream . 120 vronsky there , it be only a bad dream . anna yes , and I be only go to die have you baby . vronsky that 's all nonsense ! she kiss he all over he face . anna tell I it be , tell I it be . you love I . only I . vronsky you note say you husband would be out . anna he be late . serve he right . and you . why do you call he my husband ? he be not my husband -- he 's a clock , a wooden doll -- vronsky but it be awkward . . . a matter of you honour . you make a agreement . Anna flare up again . anna do you think of my honour when you be share whore with you hindoo ! vronsky you demon again ! 121 anna I will be glad to die , before you start to hate I ! vronsky Anna . . . Anna give a gasp . she laugh . anna put you hand there . there ! do you feel he move ! int . committee chamber , ST . petersburg --night " the Committee " be in session . stremov have the floor . he be refer to a map of Russia on a easel , splotched with colour . karenin be there but not listen , he thought far away . stremov I must respectfully ask Minister karenin whether he proposal for the regulation of this colourful gypsy tribe , of this schol - arly god-fear Jews , and of -- but I be afraid I have lose the Minister 's attention . . . all turn to look at karenin , who sit stare at nothing , unaware even of the pause . he wake . for a beat he hardly know where he be . int . entrance hall , karenin house -- night kapitonich let karenin in . karenin be brisk . 122 karenin who be here ? kapitonich only Madame , you excellency . karenin go up the staircase . there be a urgency in he , a fury . int . anna's boudoir , karenin house , same time -- night karenin walk in and go to she bureau , empty out little drawer and receptacle , look for the key to the main drawer . Anna come in from the bedroom , alarmed , in she nightdress . anna I want to see he because . . . karenin I do not wish to be tell why a woman want to see she lover . he pull furiously at the lock drawer , then look around for a implement . anna what be you . . . ? karenin I want he letter . karenin find a iron bootjack . Anna try to stop he . he push she aside and smashes the wood around the lock , then , struggle against she , he take from the open drawer a pretty cardboard box , a good guess . he confirm that it contain letter . 123 karenin ( cont 'd ) I be go to Moscow tomorrow , and then to the province with a commission to investigate condition among the Jews and gypsy -- whose condition I infinitely prefer to my own . I will not return to this house until divorce have put you into the street . meanwhile my son will be send to live with my eldest sister . anna ( wail ) alexei . . . please . . . leave I serozha . . . ! karenin look at she with contempt . karenin do you think I would let you have my son ? you be deprave , a woman without honour . I thank God the curse of love be lift from I . he walk out with the box of letter . ext . STREET , moscow --day winter again oblonsky arrive outside he office building in a cab . he enter . int . government build , moscow --day salute by the Hall porter , oblonsky mount a semi-grand staircase and arrive at the entrance to he department . he go in . 124 int . outer room , oblonsky's office , same time --day levin stand up in he almost new , hardly use coat , top hat and boot . oblonsky levin ! what . . . ? levin smile , hopefully , sheepish . levin I need you advice . . . it 's a reprise . oblonsky understand . he seize levin and kiss he . int . reception room , oblonsky house -- night a small group . dolly be play the piano . Kitty turn the page for dolly . the old Prince shcherbatsky and the princess be with countess nordston and oblonsky . countess nordston well , be he come ? Kitty , keep half a eye on the door , see levin enter and miss the page - turn . oblonsky go to greet levin . levin be I late ? who be here ? oblonsky of course you be late ! come and meet . . . countess nordston . 125 countess nordston ( drily , amused ) we nearly meet at the shcherbatsky 's last winter . levin , puzzle , bow to she and to the Prince and princess , who be respec - tively pleased and make the best of it , and then to dolly who approach . prince shcherbatsky come into the fold . . . dolly Kitty be here . levin be shake . dolly lead he to Kitty , who be frighten , shy and shameface . dolly leave they . kitty konsantin . . . what a long time since we see each other . levin since you see I , but I see you not so long ago . kitty when ? levin you be drive to ergoshovo . . . I be at kashin for the haymake . kitty oh , but why do not you . . . ? they be both embarrassed by the wrong step . 126 levin I be so glad to see you . you be just the same . kitty I hope not -- I be young and silly in that day . levin month and month ago ! kitty and you have not change . levin no . I have not . Kitty look up at he , decode . they gauge each other shyly . oblonsky permit I to announce -- soup Marie Lou - ise , carp with asparagus , and roast beef ! I go to the market in person ! but matvey at that moment present oblonsky with a visit card on a salver . oblonsky read it . oblonsky ( cont 'd ) ( to matvey ) a extra place . int . entrance hall , oblonsky house , same time -- night the new arrival be karenin . oblonsky be pleased . 127 oblonsky karenin ! -- I be glad you come . karenin I have be on tour in the region , a govern - ment commission . . . I be sorry -- I have come to tell you we connection must be severe . I be go to divorce you sister . oblonsky divorce ? dear I , what be you talk about ? do not be in a hurry . stay to dinner and later talk it over with dolly -- karenin Prince oblonsky , everything be over between we family . oblonsky ( reproachfully ) alexei . . . divorce be one thing but dinner be quite another . int . dine room , oblonsky house -- night dinner for eight -- clockwise , oblonsky , countess nordston , Prince shcher - batsky , Kitty , karenin , dolly , levin and princess shcherbatsky . two servant and matvey serve at the table , clear away the " carp with asparagus . " the princess be challenging karenin . princess shcherbatsky you petersburgers think yourselves so de bon ton compare with dull , old - fashioned 128 Moscow , but we know how to do thing -- only the other day , I hear , vasya pryachnikov fight a duel with kvitsky and kill he . oblonskky attempt to divert the conversation . oblonsky well , what 's this government commission , karenin . . . ? but karenin ignore he . oblonsky look on helplessly . karenin what be the challenge about ? princess shcherbatsky pryachnikov 's wife , naturally . prince shcherbatsky it be a matter of honour , defend a woman 's honour . . . karenin remain cool . karenin it sound like barbarism to I . . . and what if the lover have kill the husband ? -- would that have preserve the wife 's honour too ? countess nordston still , not many of we can say that we lover die for love ! 129 karenin Love ? thou shall not covet thy neighbour 's wife . countess nordston would you die for love , konstantin dmitrich ? levin I would . but not for my neighbour 's wife . levin be nettle to find that he seem to have make a joke , for the countess especially . Kitty remain serious , watch levin , loving he . levin ( cont 'd ) a impure love be not love , to I . to admire another man 's wife be a pleasant thing , but sensual desire indulge for its own sake be greed , a kind of gluttony , and a misuse of something sacred which be give to we so that we may choose the one person with whom to fulfill we humanness . otherwise we might as well be cattle . countess nordston ah , a idealist ! reconciliatory laughter ease the atmosphere . levin feel abash at come out of he shell . he steal a glance at Kitty and find she look at he . she smile at he and drop she eye . int . reception room , oblonsky house -- night the dinner party settles in . dolly and karenin sit knee - to- knee in a corner . 130 dolly . . . but she will be nobody 's wife , she will be ruin . karenin I try to save she . she choose ruin . dolly alexei aleksandrevich -- look at I . you will have no peace of mind until you forgive she . it be Anna who teach I that . karenin I do not wish to forgive . I be not a cruel man . I have never hate anyone . but I hate she with all my soul for all the wrong she have do I . levin and Kitty be at the card table , with a spillage of the alphabet piece . oblonsky it 's you turn to play we something , countess . kitty and levin levin since we last meet , there be something I have often want to ask you . kitty what be that ? levin sort through the alphabet piece as though he be put off the moment , but he quickly put four letter space out in a row : D N m n. 131 levin this . Kitty try . kitty do not . . . levin add a I next to the D. kitty ( cont 'd ) did. do not. levin shake he head . he add a E next to the second n. Kitty concentrate . kitty ( cont 'd ) the last word be never . levin nod . Kitty put letter in place . they read did no mean never . levin look into she eye . Kitty find letter and present levin with T I D N K. levin add now to the K. Kitty nod . levin add ot to the n. Kitty nod . levin add a o to the D. Kitty shake she head . she put a h after the T. levin I know what it say . dolly , look across the room , see Kitty and levin serious and smile , rapt . levin place extra letter : then I did not know . Kitty nod . 132 levin ( cont 'd ) then . but now ? Kitty find C y F a f. levin ( cont 'd ) can you . Kitty nod . levin ( cont 'd ) can you forgive . and forget . levin put down I L y. levin ( cont 'd ) I never stop . . . he look up to see silent tear stream down she face . his own eye flood . ext . STREET , moscow --night karenin walk away from the oblonsky house . he lift he face to meet the snowflake . he look torture . snow melt on he face like tear . he take from he wallet a telegram . close up telegram : I beg you to come . I need you forgiveness . I am dying . karenin die , then . he stand in the snow , uncertain . 133 int . train ( moscow to ST . petersburg ) -- night karenin sit like a statue . int . entrance hall , karenin house --day karenin be let into the house by kapitonich . karenin how be you mistress ? kapitonich safely deliver of a daughter , you excellency . karenin so . . . she be well ? kapitonich the mistress be very poorly . the doctor . . . karenin , go to the stair , see vronsky 's cloak and cap on the coat stand . int . bedroom level , karenin house , same time --day karenin come up the staircase . when he reach he dress room he hear Anna shouting for " alexei " in she delirium . he hesitates . Anna shout the name again . karenin enter Anna 's boudoir . 134 int . anna's boudoir , karenin house , same time --day karenin see vronsky sit with he hand over he face . vronsky jump up in confusion . vronsky she 's die . please let I stay . karenin look at he coldly and enter the bedroom . int . bedroom , karenin house --day Anna be not see or hearing , struggle against the Doctor and the mid- wife , while annushka hold she hand . doctor thank God ! she talk only of you . in she delirium , Anna keep up a bright prattle . anna why do not he come ? he be kind . he will forgive I . midwife he 's here -- look -- look - - can not you see he ? anna I want alexei ! why do not he come ? give I some water . no , I must not , it 's not good for my little girl . or let she have a nurse . yes -- do not bring she here , because alexei be come and it will hurt he to see she . 135 annushka he 's come , my dear - - look there . . . annushka give way to karenin , who kneel by the bed , take Anna 's hand . doctor ( to annushka ) more ice . annushka hurry out . anna oh , what nonsense . I must be asleep , that 's what it be . you think he will not forgive I but you do not know he . no one know he except I . I be not afraid of he now . karenin gaze at she . he look at she as he 's never look at she . anna ( cont 'd ) I be afraid of death , though . karenin try to speak but cannot . he start make shushing noise as to a baby . she quieten down . she seem to recognise he . anna ( cont 'd ) oh , my dear . do not look at I like that . I be not the one you think . I be afraid of she . she fall in love with another man . I be the real one . but I be die now , then she will be dead , too . poor man ! let he come in . alexis ! alexis ! 136 int . boudoir , karenin house , same time --day vronsky hear she call . he come into the bedroom . int . bedroom , karenin house , same time --day vronsky cover he face , unmanned . the Doctor nod to the midwife -- " leave they alone . " they leave . anna take you hand away from you face . look at my husband . he 's a saint ! take he hand . alexei-- take he hand away . karenin pull vronsky 's finger , and hold on to vronsky 's hand . anna ( cont 'd ) forgive he , too . thank God , thank God . . . dawn Anna be asleep . karenin be alone with she . the crisis seem to be over . she open she eye . anna ( cont 'd ) so you come . karenin put he face down to she shoulder . she stroke he . anna ( cont 'd ) if I have die as I want , you would be free of you trouble at last . 137 karenin I be free of they . Anna close she eye and sleep again . boudoir , karenin house , same time --day karenin come in . vronsky be there . he look up abjectly . vronsky whatever you think of I , please believe I , I love she -- I could not have do other - wise than what I . . . what I do . karenin nod and sit next to he . karenin but you must leave now . I promise to send for you if she ask for you . I do not know what happen . I forgive you . I forgive Anna . my soul be fill with joy . I will remain with she and look after she for ever . karenin stand up and offer he hand . vronsky grasp it and start shaking . karenin ( cont 'd ) come now , come now . . . karenin embrace he , comforting he . 138 int . vronsky flat , ST . petersburg vronsky arrive back at he flat . . . and find he mother wait for he in he sit room . countess vronsky look at you . you look like what you be . a laughingstock . I fancy you be to be ask to leave the regiment . vronsky I would like you to go , maman . countess vronsky I will go when I be ready to go . a little affair with a marry woman put a finish - ing touch to a young man 's education -- but this morbid , selfish obsession . . . ! you have publicly humiliate a man who have devote he life to Russia , and it will not be forget - ten . you would better come back to Moscow with I . you be finish here . vronsky in Petersburg ? ( he tap he breastbone ) I be finish here . int . bedroom , vronsky flat --day for the first time , vronsky be wear civilian clothes . . . look reflect - ingly at he uniform hang in he wardrobe . he place he cavalry cap carefully on a shelf and close the wardrobe . 139 int . bedroom , oblonsky house , moscow -- day levin be half - dress in clothes to be marry in , assist by matvey and watch over by oblonsky , who be in wedding clothes . levin be frantic . oblonsky be perplex . matvey be unflappable , hold levin 's coat ready and follow he around . levin . . . no , I will go to she and tell she it 's not too late to stop this business ! better now than when we be marry and she realise she do not love I ! oblonsky but she do love you ! levin how can she ? I mean , look at I ! suppose she 's only marrying I to get marry ? suppose she 's still in love with vronsky ? she 's make a terrible mistake ! I will go to she and tell she she 's free , that 's what I must do . . . matvey you coat , sir . levin snatch the coat and put it on , and dash out of the room . 140 int . entrance hall , shcherbatsky house -- day levin , in disarray , be let into the house . the entrance hall be crowded , loud and chaotic with child , maid , governess and Kitty 's mother . Tanya , masha and lili be bridesmaid . grisha be a page . princess shcherbatsky , try to create order among last - minute bouquet distribution , hair - adjustment , shoe -changing , etc. , see levin and explode . princess shcherbatsky konstantin ! -- what -- ? levin I have to talk to Kitty . princess shcherbatsky you be not allow to see she ! levin gallop up the stair . int . kitty' room , shcherbatsky house --day Kitty , dress for the church , be whisper into the crack of the bedroom door . kitty no . I do not understand at all ! what 's the matter with you ? int . outside kitty' room , same time --day levin you can not love I . think it over ! let people say what they like ! 141 kitty ( frightened ) be you mad ? have you change you mind ? levin yes . if you do not love I . kitty but I do love you ! levin hesitates , desperate . levin do you ? well , I love you ! kitty oh , konstantin ! they link hand through the open , each with a hand to kiss . over -- church organ music int . church --day a mere fragment of a long and ornate marriage ceremony . . . the grizzle Priest light two decorate candle , hold they askew in he leave hand , and he use he right hand to touch levin and , more tenderly , Kitty . he give the couple the candle , Kitty take hers in she glove hand . levin look blissfully at Kitty . 142 mix to the Priest lift crown from they head , and invite they to kiss each other , relieving they of they candle . the choir burst with pride . int . nursery , karenin house --day the baby girl , two month old , be be feed by a wet nurse . replete , the baby be give over to the nursemaid who lay the child in she crib . karenin watch all this . the woman ignore he : they be use to he now , and karenin be harmless . karenin stare fascinate at the baby , who stare back . int . boudoir , karenin house , ST . petersburg -- day Anna stare at herself in the mirror . the act of raise a pair of scissors be a effort . she isolate a thick lock of she hair , and snip it off . int . bedroom , karenin house --day Anna 's hair be short all over . she sit up in bed , listen to princess betsy , who have bring the current gossip . betsy . . . and there be she husband wear she best ballgown , rouge all over he face . . . mar chere , le scandale ! . . . but I would better tell you some regimental news . . . 143 int . entrance hall , karenin house --day karenin enter and see a glamorous footman stand in the entrance hall , hold a white fur cape . karenin who be here ? footman princess elisabeth federovna tverskaya , you excellency . int . bedroom level , karenin house --day karenin approach the bedroom door . anna ( o.c . ) no -- I do not want to see he . betsy ( o.c. ) . . . but you husband surely would not . . . int . bedroom , karenin house , same time --day Anna see karenin who be about to retreat . karenin please excuse I . anna no--stay . 144 betsy I be so glad to see you . everyone ask after you . karenin bow to she and kiss Anna 's hand . karenin you look feverish . betsy we have be talk too much -- so I be go . anna princess betsy come to tell I . . . I do not want to hide anything from you . . . Count vronsky ask to come to say goodbye - - he 's go away . I have say I can not receive he . betsy kiss Anna . betsy Goodbye , my treasure . karenin follow betsy out . Anna give in to a moment of grief , and recover herself when she hear the crack of karenin 's knuckle . he come in . karenin I agree with you . as he be go away , there be no need for Count vronsky to come here . 145 anna I have just say so , so there 's no need to repeat it . karenin but it be for you to decide . anna yes , and I decide . karenin then I be very glad that -- anna that we agree , so perhaps we can stop talk - ing about it . karenin of course . be there anything I can do for you ? anna yes , can you please please please stop crack - ing you knuckle . ( pause ) I be a bad woman . but I can not breathe . you kindness which I can not repay , and you forgiveness -- karenin you begge I for my forgiveness . anna but I do not die and now I have to live with it ! if only you would have go on hat I . 146 karenin but then -- what ? what ? what do you want ? do you know what you want ? do you want to see Count vronsky ? anna ( quietly ) not to say goodbye . karenin I can not hear . anna not to say goodbye . karenin ( pause ) you would be lose . irretrievably lose . you would have no position . and worse if we divorce . you would be the guilty party . that mean you can not legally remarry . you union with Count vronsky would be illegitimate , and so would you daughter who now have the protection of my name . and that be what you want ! it would be a sin to help you destroy yourself . anna you forget something . Count vronsky and I love each other . karenin and this love sanctifies a criminal folly ? 147 anna ( cry out ) all I know be that I send he away and it 's as if I would shot myself through the heart ! karenin ( pause ) I see . and serozha . . . ? it 's the crux for Anna , and she be prepare for it . anna I would die for he , but I will not live like this for he . when he know about love , he will forgive I . karenin can see where this take he . karenin then I must choose the smaller sin . vronsky rob I of my cloak and I will give he my coat . I will give you grounds to divorce I , and I will accept the scandal , the humilia - tion and the consequence to my career . anna no . . . I can not . . . karenin you may write to he but I would prefer you not to see he until you have leave this house . 148 ext . road bridge , ST . petersburg --day two coaches , each with considerable luggage , have a rendezvous , one coach on the bridge . int . coach , same time -- day Anna be hold baby anya . annushka and the nurse be with she . int . second coach , same time --day vronsky , in civilian clothes , be alone , look anxiously out of the window . int . coach , same time -- day Anna give the baby to the nurse , as the coach halt . ext . road bridge , same time --day Anna get out of she coach and run the few yard to vronsky 's coach . he open the door for she . int . second coach , same time --day Anna be kissing vronsky 's face and be kiss , weep , smile . vronsky you look like a boy . but so pale . we will go south . . . to the sea air and sunshine . . . 149 int . bedroom ( " the south " ) -- day early morning . in a big untidy bed , vronsky and Anna lie asleep , naked and satiate . the style of the room , and the warmth of the light , tell of the journey make , confirm by the view from the window , a attractive panorama from a elevation above the sea . in the room , there be open , unpack or partly unpack trunk and case , and , abandon untidily , Anna 's and vronsky 's clothes . int . karenin' study , karenin house --day slyudin be in attendance on karenin at he desk . slyudin . . . and Madame Odette in person , so to speak , you excellency , with you permission . . . a respectful cough at the door reveal a obsequious male shopkeeper . Kar - enin be bewilder . karenin Madame Odette . . . ? shopkeeper Excuse the liberty , you excellency . . . it 's for a bonnet and some ribbon her Excel - lency have overlook . if you wish we to address ourselves to her excellency , please be so good as to tell we where we might . . . karenin be stricken into immobility , he face hide in one propped - up hand . a tear fall on the blotter . slyudin rescue he , ushere the shopkeeper out . 150 countess lydia arrive in full flutter cry . lydia I have force my way in ! I have hear ! karenin countess , every shopkeeper have hear . lydia my dear friend ! do not give way to sorrow . we Lord Jesus Christ have you in he care . karenin no , I be do for . I do not understand any - thing . all day long I be be ask to make decision about bill and servant , the kitchen , serozha 's clothes . . . lydia I understand . I understand everything . I be go to act . the household arrangement you can leave to I . I will come every day . I will be a second mother to serozha . he clasp both she hand and kiss they . lydia fall to she knee . lydia ( cont 'd ) he that humbleth himself shall be exalt ! you must not thank I . thank him whose love pour through I ! 151 ext . snowy countryside , pokrovskoe , same time --day the sleigh bring levin and Kitty home through deep snow all around . the house come into view . sleigh they have be on honeymoon travel , attest by hotel label on the lug - gage . Kitty , eager and anxious , look at the approach house . not too bad . levin take she hand . she smile at he , to calm he . ext . the house , pokrovskoe , same time --day agafia and vasili come out on the porch . the house have be paint , the window frame smarten up , and paper flower be tie to the post of the porch . the sleigh pull up . levin carry Kitty through the snow to the porch . agafia bob . vasili bow . levin this be agafia , and vasili , the steward . . . my wife , ekaterina alexandrovna levin . kitty I be very pleased to meet you both . kuzma sidle by with a bow and go to take the luggage from the sleigh . levin and that be kuzma . come inside ! 152 vasili careful -- door 's still a bit . . . ( to levin 's look ) it 's all right , it will be dry tomorrow . . . int . sitting room , pokrovskoe , same time -- day levin show Kitty in . he be immensely relieved . it never look better . at the same time he realise that agafia be agitate : a word in private . levin be it all right ? Kitty nod , smile gamely -- it 's not like home . levin ( cont 'd ) sit down a minute . kitty no -- I want to see everything . agafia panic . levin a moment . levin follow agafia out . int . stair , pokrovskoe , same time --day agafia follow levin up the stair . she be outrage . 153 agafia . . . and now I be do kitchen may 's work because nadya 's parent will not let she set foot in this house , and who can blame they ! -- it 's indecent ! int . guest bedroom , pokrovskoe , same time -- day levin enter the small bedroom . agafia wait outside . nikolai be in the bed -- waste , near death . he lie in squalor . masha be wiping he face . she stand up at levin 's approach . levin bend over niko - lai , press he gaunt hand . nikolai open he eye . levin it 's I , konstantin . nikolai yes , good . the doctor here be useless -- get I a doctor from Moscow . levin where do you go ? I ask for you every - where , when I be get marry . nikolai sigh and close he eye . levin retreat , look to masha . masha ( whisper ) I be sorry . . . I could not leave he . I know I have do wrong . 154 levin yes . my wife . . . you can not stay now . levin go outside to agafia and close the door . int . outside guest bedroom , pokrovskoe , same time -- day agafia I could not go against nikolai dmitrich 's order . . . levin yes -- yes . . . she 's go . a unwelcome think strike levin . levin ( cont 'd ) do the doctor see she ? agafia nod guiltily . int . sitting room , pokrovskoe --day Kitty have remain . levin , in miserable agony , be sit hold she hand . levin I will nurse he with agafia . . . the woman will find somewhere in the village . you will not see she . she know it 's impossible for you to meet she . it be a torment to I that I have bring you under the same roof 155 as this unfortunate . . . this fall . . . and in you precious , in you delicate condition . . . Kitty detach herself abruptly and leave the room . he hear she go upstairs . after a moment , he follow . int . outside guest bedroom , pokrovskoe , same time -- day Kitty come out of the Guest bedroom . kitty good . a clean nightshirt and sheet . a towel and a clean pail of warm water . ask agafia for vinegar , and to prepare a bed somewhere for masha . wait . Kitty go back into the room and return at once with a chamber - pot which she thrust at levin . kitty ( cont 'd ) and bring the perfume bottle in the outside pocket of my handbag . she go back into the room and do not return . levin , humble , go down the stair . int . guest room , pokrovskoe --day nikolai have be stripped . masha wash he body . Kitty enter with she arm full of clean linen . 156 later nikolai lie naked in clean sheet . masha haul he up into a sit posi- tion . Kitty put a nightshirt over he head . nikolai protest feebly . kitty I be not look . masha and Kitty pull the nightshirt over he body . Kitty pull the sheet up over he . masha adjust the fresh pillow . she comb he hair ( and beard ) . later --night nikolai lie quietly in a neat bed in the neat room , with medicine and water jug , etc. , tidily by the bed . masha keep vigil by candlelight , hold he hand , sing to he quietly . nikolai ( wheeze ) I be go . . . int . boy ' room , pokrovskoe , same time --day levin come into the room he share with he brother . the room have be abandon for year . . . two bare bed , a washstand , a wooden chest . it contain a jumble of book , shoe , a pair of skate . levin hear sleigh bell arrive . ext . the house , pokrovskoe , same time --day the sleigh draw up , bring a Priest . 157 int . guest room , pokrovskoe --day levin , feel out of place , be at the washstand . he notice there be a prettily wrap new cake of soap . he pick it up and put it to he nose . masha and Kitty be kneel by the bed . the Priest bend over nikolai hold up a icon in front of nikolai 's face and murmure the prayer . levin , embarrassed , put down the soap and come forward and kneel too . later nikolai be at the point of death . levin stare , tear between the mystery and the lack of mystery , the ordinariness of the body finally wear out . the death rattle come . masha kiss the dead hand . the Priest continue to murmur . Kitty take hold of masha 's hand . levin stare into nikolai 's face : if this be death , what be life ? later nikolai lie dead , candle burn at he head and foot . int . dine room , pokrovskoe --day levin count money , for the service of the Priest . . . who be eat bread and soup . levin thank you , Father . . . and how much . . . ? he offer a handful of paper money . 158 priest at you benevolence . it be a custom , not a levy , you excellency . . . Jesus overturn the money - table outside the temple , but . . . he shrug and put the money away , and return to he soup . ext . graveyard , pokrovskoe --day the snow be almost go . nikolai 's grave have flower strewn on the mound . ext . the house and yard , pokrovskoe --day pava 's yearling and several more calve , delirious with release , mill through the yard with the herd , to pasture , with a herdsman and laska urging they on . masha be leave , alone behind the coachman . she sit quietly and do not look back . levin and Kitty watch she drive away . kitty you be such a expert on love , kostya . . . why do not you know it when you see it ? int . government build , same time -- day lydia hurry along grand desert hallway . she know she way . a door ahead of she open and a dozen politician and Civil servant carry portfolio cross she path , with stremov at the centre of they unheard conver - sation . stremov be smile , triumphant . lydia expect to see karenin among they . she hurry on to the door they come from . 159 int . committee chamber , same time --day when lydia enter , karenin , alone in the chamber , be sit immobile , defeat . he start gather he papers . lydia come to he . her agitation explain , she take a open letter from she bag . lydia alexei , they be back ! here in St. Petersburg ! she have write to I . karenin accept the letter and read it . karenin to you ? . . . I think I do not have the right to refuse . . . it 's the boy 's birthday . . . lydia my friend . . . you would be blow on the ember of a fire which must be allow to die . . . let I write to she . ext . toy shop , ST . petersburg --day Anna be look into the display window of a toy shop . she be excited , glow - ing . she enter the shop . int . vronsky' flat , ST . petersburg --day returning from the toy shop with a wrap parcel , Anna come in . luggage be stack up in the hallway and franz be unpack stuff in the main room . she see that a hand - deliver letter be wait for she . she open it . Anna read the letter . for a moment she be devastate by it -- but then , furious , she tear it up . 160 ext . karenin house , ST . petersburg --day it 's very early morning . the street be not awake . a hire cab bring Anna to she former home . she be heavily veile , and carry the wrap parcel from the toy shop . the cab be to wait for she . she ring the doorbell . a sleepy servant open the big wooden door . anna I be here to see sergei alexeyich . the young servant do not know she . Anna step past he , push money into he hand . int . entrance hall , karenin house , same time --day kapitonich , pull on he livery greatcoat , come to the inner glass door and let Anna in . he do not recognise she . anna I have bring something for sergei alexeyich . kapitonich scrutinise she , prepare to forestall she . kapitonich he be not up yet . would you wish to wait ? who shall I say . . . ? kapitonich peer at she and realise who she be . he step back and bow . kapitonich ( cont 'd ) please come in , you excellency . 161 Anna go quickly to the stair . kapitonich ( cont 'd ) allow I to announce you . the tutor may be there and not dress . Anna shake she head and be almost run away from he . kapitonich give chase . int . stair , karenin' house , same time --day kapitonich please allow I ! int . upper level , karenin house , same time -- day Anna dash past two housemaid who gape at she , and disappear round the corner . she 's a little mad now . int . upper stair , karenin house , same time -- day Anna , wild - eye , climb the stair and meet the tutor , vasily lukich , come down , buttone he waistcoat . lukich be startle , not know she . anna I have come to see sergei alexeyich . kapitonich reach this stair , call , " you excellency . . . ! " 162 int . top floor , karenin house , same time -- day Anna dash for serozha 's door and fling herself through it . int . " serozha's room , " karenin house , same time --day it 's no longer serozha 's room . a large woman sit up in bed . she 's probably the cook . she cry out . Anna reel back . she look panicked . kapitonich catch up , out of breath . kapitonich he 's be move to the small sit room . int . upper stair , karenin house , same time -- day at the bottom of the Upper stair , lukich , the housemaid and a couple of half - dress footmen have they head together . they move aside as Anna hurry by , see nothing . int . upper level , karenin house , same time -- day kapitonich catch up with Anna at the door of the " small sit room . " kapitonich I will just look in . Anna shake she head and walk past he , into the room . 163 int . bedroom , karenin house , same time --day the curtain be draw close . the room be dim . Anna see serozha sit up , yawn , he eye close , and fall back on the pillow . she come to the bed and whisper he name . serozha raise himself on he elbow , open he eye and smile dreamily and fall forward into she arm . serozha mama . anna oh , my dear little boy . serozha I know you would come . today be my birthday . serozha rub he face on she neck , fall back on the pillow , only half awake and go back to sleep . Anna look at he avidly , touch he forearm , he shoulder , the hair over he ear . she can not stop she own tear . he come awake . serozha ( cont 'd ) be you cry ? anna I will not cry . it 's time for you to get dress . and I almost forget you present , look . . . open it . . . serozha take off she hat . serozha you do not want that . . . let I see . 164 serozha tear open the package , lift the lid of the cardboard box and find a puppet , a beautifully dress marionette . serozha ( cont 'd ) oh , he 's grand ! int . upper level , karenin house , same time -- day korney , the valet , among other , have join the " conference " and be blame kapitonich . korney it 's you fault for let she in !-- you should be sack . kapitonich oh yes , you would have send she pack ! ten year I have be keep the door and the mistress be always kind to I . you should stick to steal the master 's clothes . lukich I have have enough of this -- it 's my job to get the boy out of bed before his excellency come . . . int . serozha's room , karenin house , same time --day lukich cautiously open the door . he see mother and son work the pup - pet and laugh quietly . lukich back off . Anna look round to see the door close . 165 anna darling kutik , maman can not stay . . . serozha cling to Anna . serozha do not go !-- he 's not come yet . anna yes , I must , and you must love papa -- he 's better than I be . when you be grow - up . . . serozha no one in the whole world be better than you . Anna hug he . int . outside serozha's room , karenin house , same time -- day the servant in a huddle look round at the sound of a door , and approach - ing footstep round a blind corner . there be no one in view when karenin come around the corner . the ser - vant have vanish . he go to serozha 's door . Anna come out . he stop , astonished . Anna look at he boldly , then pull down she veil . karenin bow . Anna walk past he . 166 int . vronsky' flat , ST . petersburg --day Anna come " home " from karenin 's house . the visit have change she . she sit down in she hat and coat . annushka come in . anna where 's anya ? annushka she 's still asleep . should I take you coat ? Anna shake she head . annushka ( cont 'd ) be you feel unwell , Madame ? anna I be not sleep . annushka I can send out for something . Anna nod . later twilight . Anna appear not to have move . the baby be hear cry in another room . Anna 's face remain set , but she react on hearing vronsky come in . vronsky why be you in the dark ? he turn on a gaslight . 167 vronsky ( cont 'd ) yashvin be go to call . . . you remember he . ( about she clothes ) be you go out ? anna to where ? to whom ? vronsky what 's the matter ? anna I do not know what happen to you . vronsky but I tell you yesterday . . . my brother . . . anna do it take all day for you to meet you brother ? do he need you more than I do ? vronsky sit next to she and put he arm round she . vronsky what 's happen ? Anna shake she head . vronsky ( cont 'd ) well . . . Alexander agree to everything . mother 's house in Moscow will go to he , and the country estate will be we new home . . . as soon as the divorce . . . karenin have not answer you letter yet ? Anna shake she head . she stand up at last and take off she hat . 168 int . vronsky' flat , ST . petersburg --night yashvin be a welcome visitor . yashvin it 's wonderful to have you both return . anna how good you be to come . you be the very first person to call on I since we return . yashvin get the point of that . he be embarrassed . anna ( cont 'd ) I receive a note from princess betsy ask I if I would call on she between six - thirty and eight . or be it seven ? yashvin get the point of that , too . anna ( cont 'd ) alas , between six - thirty and seven be just when I be unable to see she ! yashvin but perhaps you will meet at the opera tonight ? anna I would love to be there if I could get a box . yashvin ( bow ) Madame , you box be number four ! you will find I there with princess myagkaya . will you come , vronsky ? 169 vronsky shake he head . yashvin kiss Anna 's hand . anna I see why . . . alexei be so fond of you . yashvin laugh and bow himself out . vronsky you know you can not go to the theatre ? anna annushka ! vronsky for heaven 's sake -- annushka come . anna a bath . I will come in and choose a dress . annushka go . vronsky Anna -- I implore you -- do not you know . . . ? anna I be not ashamed of who I be or what I have do : be you ashamed for I ? why do you keep a room at the hotel ? be not we together ? have you change towards I ? vronsky it 's because I love you and care about you . 170 anna if that 's the case , I do not know why you be not come with I . vronsky that would make it worse . anna you be afraid . well , I be not . int . opera house , ST . petersburg --night before the performance , the stair , gallery and corridor , give access to the stall and box , be crowded with the town 's high society . and Anna , at she most beautiful , be magically cleave through it . awareness of she presence be like a contagion , and yet everyone manage not to catch she eye . . . so while all around she there be people impede each other with greeting , Anna 's path open before she . she know what be happen . it shock she but she eye barely show it . the spell be break by princess myagkaya ( she of the 85 kopek sauce ) who hail she . princess myagkaya Anna . . . ! she pick up on the surround effect of this , and rub it in with mischief , take Anna 's arm . princess myagkaya ( cont would ) something have do you good -- you look wonderful . 171 int . vronsky' flat , ST petersburg --night vronsky sit and brood . angrily , he change he mind . he jump up call - ing for franz . ext . opera house , ST . petersburg --night vronsky 's cab draw up outside the brightly light , desert opera house . he alight . int . stair , gallery , opera house -- night vronsky come up the stair . the place be desert , apart from atten - dant . . . one of whom take vronsky 's cloak and give he a token . int . anna's BOX , opera house , same time -- night on stage , Act one be just end , and the curtain fall . the applause give way to chatter . princess myagkaya should we visit or stay put ? Anna see vronsky enter on the side - aisle below . he look up at the box , seek she . she turn away . anna stay put . princess myagkaya have engage the attention of stremov in the neighbour - ing box . 172 princess myagkaya Minister ! congratulation . come in for a moment . but stremov only bow coldly and turn away . yashvin note this and begin to chew he moustache anxiously . Anna 's neighbour on the other side , a meek husband of a battle - axe , admire she openly . Anna see that vronsky have stop to talk to countess vronsky and the princess sorokina . the young princess seem animated by vronsky , who bow himself away . princess myagkaya see where Anna be look . princess myagkaya ( cont would ) princess sorokina and she daughter , they be from Moscow , neighbour of countess vron - sky , quite well off , no son , she 's a widow . Anna give she a smile but wounded look . princess myagkaya ( cont would ) my dear , I be a sale catalogue . int . opera house , same time -- night vronsky meet Alexander in the aisle and greet he . vronsky you will come up to see we afterwards . . . ? alexander talk to varya . 173 Alexander indicate he seat to vronsky . vronsky sit by varya . vronsky will you call on Anna ? varya oh , alexei . . . I be fond of you . . . but . . . vronsky for God 's sake , Anna be not a criminal ! varya I would call on she if she would only break the law . but she break the rule . vronsky be angry and offended . he get up , bow to varya . when he look up , he see betsy beckone to he from she box . int . anna's BOX , same time -- night Anna watch vronsky , see he acknowledge betsy 's summon . princess myagkaya who have make the decor ? have not we get a programme ? Colonel , would you be so kind . . . ? yashvin of course . Anna 's neighbour , emboldene , offer she he programme . 174 neighbour please . . . I would be honoure if you would take mine . . . anna thank you , how very . . . the neighbour 's wife , catch this , react as though electrocute . int . betsy BOX , same time -- night princess betsy be smoking . Prince tverskoy be examine a ancient book . vronsky enter the box . he bow to the Prince , and kiss betsy 's hand . prince tverskoy catullus , print in Venice , 1501 . . . remarkable . a grovel House manager appear in they midst , to tell betsy she can not smoke in the box . house manager ( bowing ) a thousand apology , princess , but . . . princess betsy blow smoke and hand the cigarette , in its holder , to a figure stand quietly in the shadowy corner of the box : makhotin . makhotin take the cigarette from the holder , crush it in he leave palm . he feel humiliate . . . but that 's love . the House manger bow and leave . vronsky Captain makhotin . . . the angry wife 's voice cut through the audience chatter . 175 wife's voice it 's a disgrace ! take I home ! vronsky turn round to look . he see the husband try to calm he wife . wife fetch my cloak ! vronsky see Anna look straight ahead . yashvin be eat he moustache . int . anna's BOX , same time -- night the scene next door be a social catastrophe for Anna , but she be riding it . princess myagkaya take she hand . yashvin shrink into he corner , morti- fied . the whole opera house be become aware of the " scandal . " the angry wife have raise she voice . int . neighbour be BOX , same time -- night wife what be we come to ? the husband have succeed in put he wife 's cloak over she shoulder . her exit line be for the benefit of the entire audience . wife ( cont 'd ) be this the opera house or a-- or a french music hall -- ?! the wife and she husband leave the box . 176 int . betsy opera BOX , same time -- night vronsky be torment . he move to leave the box . betsy ( sarcastic ) yes , why do not you ? rescue she and put you seal on the fiasco . vronsky know it and be trap . betsy ( cont 'd ) alexei . . . you see why she must divorce . Marriage will solve everything . when will it be ? vronsky as far as I be concerned , she 's my wife . betsy but , as you see , she be not . vronsky we be go to Moscow , and then to my place in the country . betsy that sound like a good idea . vronsky but for a day or two , Anna will be at home , at my flat . betsy shrug . 177 vronsky ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) then , I will say goodbye now . int . vronsky' flat , ST . petersburg --night angry and upset , Anna sweep into the flat in she opera cloak . vronsky follow she in . anna . . . you have a excellent night ! do you mother want you to marry the widow or the child ? vronsky either one . anna do not make a joke of it . if you love I , you would have lock I in to stop I go . she throw aside she cloak and go into the bedroom . int . bedroom , vronsky flat , same time -- night annushka , asleep in a chair , wait loyally , wake up . anna go to bed . vronsky come in as annushka go out . he come to Anna and put he arm round she . 178 vronsky yes , it be my fault . anna I will not sleep . vronsky I know how to make you sleep . later --in bed vronsky make love to Anna but it 's not work for she . her eye stray around . by the bed be a carafe of water , a empty glass and a pharmacy bottle as dark as ink , with a handwritten label . ext . moscow --day High summer . heat and dust . int . tea shop , moscow --day Anna , with some dainty shopping by she , be take tea in a genteel cafe . her eye be catch by a mother and son at another table . the boy be a " serozha . " Anna miss she son acutely in that moment . then dolly enter the tea shop . Anna 's heart lift for a moment and she be about to greet she , but then realise that dolly be one of a trio of " society lady , " and Anna lower she head . when she sneak a look , she catch one of the lady whisper to the other . Anna realise that she have be recognise by a stranger , and be notorious . she " hide " in she purse , find money to leave on the table so that she can escape . a sound make she look up and she see that dolly have sit down opposite she . 179 dolly Anna . . . I be very glad to see you . be you well ? how be you little one ? Anna nod , word will not come . dolly ( cont 'd ) stiva want to invite you and Count vron - sky to the house but it 's impossible . . . anna I understand . dolly no , no -- you do not . Kitty and she husband be with we . she 's in Moscow to have the baby . anna Kitty . . . ? oh , tell she how pleased I be . . . ! dolly perhaps I will wait a year or two . ( she gulp a laugh ) oh . . . love ! anna yes . . . love ! do not you disapprove of I for what I have do ? dolly no . I wish I would do the same . but no one ask I ! well . . . I would not have be brave enough . ( she blink tear ) stiva , you know . . . he do not change . . . like all man , I suppose . 180 she do not notice she tactlessness but it land on Anna , who manage a smile . ext . grand HOTEL , moscow --night int . HOTEL suite , moscow -- night Anna , in a nightdress , be awake in the night , stare out of the grand window of a grand hotel , smoking . int . HOTEL bedroom , same time -- night Anna come back to bed . vronsky be asleep . she unstop a pharmacy bottle ( a different one ) and pour a draught mix with water . int . bedroom , moscow HOTEL --day Anna sleep alone in the bed . annushka , after a tap on the door , come in cautiously , worried . annushka Madame . . . Madame . . . Anna sit up . annushka ( cont 'd ) be you ill ? anna what time be it ? be anya up ? 181 annushka it 's afternoon , Madame . anna I be all right . it 's all right . ( pause ) get they to bring up all we trunk and travel case . we have be here long enough . int . HOTEL suite , moscow --day vronsky come in , note the empty trunk and case stack up . Anna come from she room to greet he . she be make a effort to be pleasant , but she look excited , febrile . anna I have a inspiration . why do we have to wait here ? why can not we wait in the coun - try ? I do not want to hear any more about a divorce , or think about it . vronsky good ! I be bored here . when should we go ? anna if I bore you here , I will bore you in the country . vronsky I do not say you bore I . Moscow bore I . when should we go ? . . . tomorrow ? but Anna 's mood have turn . 182 anna I can not be ready by tomorrow . vronsky the day after , then . anna if you like . vronsky no , wait . that 's Sunday . I have to see maman . anna that 's twenty minute away in the train -- you could go to see she tomorrow - - or be it that you want to spend Sunday with princess sorokina ? vronsky please do not spoil everything . I can not see maman tomorrow because she will not have read the papers she have to sign . oh , and then there 's the bank . . . but we can leave on Tuesday . anna in that case , let 's not bother . I will leave on Sunday or not at all . vronsky that 's absurd ! 183 anna it 's absurd to you because you have no understanding for my life here . vronsky Anna . . . Anna . . . anna you have stop loving I . you have give up everything for I , and it 's turn you against I . why lie about it ? vronsky stop . I put off we departure for a day or two , and you tell I I do not love you . anna because I have be live off you love and there 's none leave , so this be over ! finish . she leave he , slamm the door . int . bedroom , HOTEL , same time --day Anna come in and lie down on the bed , close she eye , sit up , pour a dose from the medicine bottle by the bed , and lie down . vronsky come in . he take she hand . anna I be sorry . I do not mind when we go . vronsky I will telegraph maman . we will go on Sunday . I will do anything you want . 184 anna you should leave I . vronsky I do not want to . I love you . anna why ? vronsky you can not ask why about love . int . dine room , HOTEL suite --day Anna come straight from bed . she be drugge and shaky . the room be empty but there be a coffee tray on the table . Anna feel the coffeepot and pour herself a cup . int . study , HOTEL suite --day vronsky be at he desk . Anna enter with she coffee . vronsky be read a telegram . see she enter , he put the telegram under he papers . vronsky so -- will you be all pack ? I will be out today make the arrangement . anna be that you way of tell I you will be at you mother 's with that simper little princess ? 185 vronsky no . I will be with my lawyer . I be wait for some document . then I be have dinner to say goodbye to old comrade . anna well , I know what that mean . vronsky my God , this be unendurable . he control himself . vronsky ( cont 'd ) I can invite they here if you like . anna thank you , but if I be not fit to dine in soci- ety , I will not eat with the band . who be the telegram from ? vronsky retrieve the telegram and hand it to she . vronsky I do not show it to you , because stiva keep telegraphing what we already know . kare - nin promise nothing , but will consider . . . Anna toss the telegram aside unread . anna I tell you I do not care about the divorce , so why hide the telegram ? what else do you hide from I ? 186 vronsky I hide nothing from you . anna why do you care about the divorce ? what have it get to do with we loving each other ? vronsky until we be marry , we daughter be legally karenin' . I care about it because we need to be free to marry . anna you be perfectly free to marry anyone you mother want . vronsky but we be not talk about -- anna yes , we be , and , by the way , compare to you mother I be the virgin Mary . vronsky be silent with anger . he get up and go out , return with he hat in he hand . vronsky be there anything you wish to say to I ? she remain silent . he leave again . she light a cigarette . 187 ext . HOTEL build , same time --day the sorokina coach draw up outside the door . the coach with its crest and the coachman 's livery ( a bright yellow cockade ) be highly distinctive . int . HOTEL suite , same time --day Anna , with she cup of coffee , come in and look down from the window . anna's Pov -- vronsky , hat in hand , at the coach window , accept a large envelope from a lilac-gloved hand . he bow . with a wave of the hand and a flash of golden hair , the coach pull away . vronsky go back inside . int . study , HOTEL suite , same time --day with the envelope , vronsky come in . Anna be as he leave she , the cigarette stubbed out . anna so it 's the child . vronsky she bring papers from maman . he hesitates , think she be about to speak . vronsky ( cont 'd ) Anna ? she stay silent . he leave . 188 int . bedroom , HOTEL suite , same time --day Anna find annushka fill several half - fill case . anna unpack everything . we be not go . she lie down on the bed . annushka would like to comfort she . annushka Anna arkadyeva . . . anna when Count vronsky come back , tell he . . . I do not want to be disturb . int . bedroom , HOTEL suite -- night Anna be listen for vronsky 's return . she hear he come in . she hear he approach . then she hear annushka 's voice , then vronsky 's voice . she wait in suspense , disappointed as vronsky 's step retreat . int . study , HOTEL suite -- night Anna , hold a candle - lamp , find vronsky asleep on the couch . she hesi- tate , but turn away . int . bedroom , HOTEL suite --day Anna wake . she re-collect herself . she look at the bedside clock . in a sud - de hurry she leave the bed and the bedroom . 189 int . outside the bedroom , HOTEL suite , same time --day Anna find annushka wait . anna Count vronsky . . . ? annushka he go out early , to the stable , he say . Anna collapse on a chair and weep . anna oh , annushka . . . I should have die . do you remember ? annushka do not take it to heart , Anna arkadyeva . . . anna I have make he hate I . int . close ( HOTEL ) -- day Anna 's hand write in a hurry : " I be to blame . come home . I be frighten . " int . HOTEL suite , same time --day Anna seal the note and give it to annushka . 190 anna tell Michael to hurry . annushka run out with the note . int . HOTEL suite --day Anna be keep watch at the window . . . and be reward by the return - ing coach . she hurry out . int . stair , HOTEL --day Anna look down into the entrance hall . Michael , the coachman , come in and come up the stair to she . she see that he be hold she note . michael Count vronsky have already leave , you Excel - lency . he take a cab to the station . . . to the countess . int . local train --day Anna clutches she red bag to she , sit among passenger . Anna look about she . across the carriage she see through the window that she train be overtake another passenger train on the next line . she look at the window of the other train " go by " . . . see the pas- senger inside . unexpectedly , she seem to see a man who might be vronsky sit opposite a laugh woman who might be princess sorokina . 191 Anna 's body jerk involuntarily . she half rise . the image , however , be brief and be borne away , as she own train go by , accelerate . the win - dow opposite pick up speed as she leave they behind -- and then she have the same illusion again - - a " vronsky " and a " sorokina " glimpse in the other train and snatch away in the instant . now she stand up and go to the opposite window , where the window of the other train be flash by in the ( anachronistic ) manner of pro- ject film - frame , and she see " vronsky " and " sorokina " flash by at gather speed . and then the train have go and there 's nothing go by but the view . Anna collapse into the nearest seat . ext . local station , same time --day the train arrive at a small station . Anna step down from the train . the platform be well populate by people wait to board the train or to meet the arrive passenger . there be a energy about the people -- shouting , laughter , movement . porter shout for custom . a couple of Young Men seem to be laugh rudely directly at she , but they pass by , ignore she . Anna pause , bewilder , lose , not know what to do next . she see the sorokina coachman on the platform , recognise he distinctive livery , a cockade in he hat . anna be you wait for the princess sorokina ? 192 coachman no , you excellency , both princess be at the house of countess vronsky . I be wait for he -- Anna turn back , agitate , expect vronsky to appear , but what come be a footman carry three hatboxes and a large box from a dress shop . Anna walk away , along the platform , impede by people go by she , aware that some be stare at she as she pass . a Boy sell drink grin at she . a little group of lady and Children meeting a bespectacle man off the train be laugh and chatter but fall silent and look at she . she increase she pace . she hurry away towards the far end of the platform . Beyond she , a goods train be slowly approach . between she and the train , two maidservant be walk towards she . they turn they head to look at she , remark on she dress . maidservant look at that lace on she . . . there be a rough bench near the end of the platform . Anna reach it and sit down . the two girl turn again to look back at she , and be strike by the sight of Anna sit alone in profile . the goods train reach she and the first wagon go past she . the two girl stop and watch , vaguely puzzle by she . as they watch , the beautiful woman on the bench get up and walk the few step to the edge of the wooden platform and into the path of the train , disappear from view between the wheel of one of the wagon . ext . ( pokrovskoe ) -- day close --a scythe cut a swathe through stand hay . 193 ext . rail -- the red handbag -- lie separate against a rail , be clipped by a roll train - wheel and knock aside , spilling its content . . . ext . ( pokrovskoe ) -- day a scythe cut a swathe through stand hay . ext . hayfield , pokrovskoe , same time --day it 's nearly the last of the hay . the scythe be be swing by Theodore , know from last year . he be one of a dozen mower . levin be among they , wield he scythe . they have almost reach the end of the field , where the last of the hay be be pitchforked up on to the last pile cart . Theodore 's daughter - in -law , now visibly pregnant , be still adept with a pitchfork . it 's a lowering thundery day at the end of summer . levin I will be buy in feed before winter 's over . theodore ( scything ) well , you do not press people hard , but you live rightly , for you soul , not you belly . levin my soul ! what 's that ? I know what my belly be . how do we know what 's rightly ? I believe in reason . 194 theodore reason ? and be it reason that make you choose a wife ? levin ( pause ) no . theodore you be a great one for reason , konstantin dmitrich , but what 's rightly be outside you mathematic -- that 's what 's rightly about it ! this stop levin 's scythe . he be illumine . Theodore swing the scythe again . levin walk away , give he scythe to a labourer by the cart , and keep walk . he quicken he pace . ext . pokrovskoe --day the first drop of rain , few and heavy , arrive . ext . house and porch , pokrovskoe , same time --day cries of alarm and laughter burst from a mushroom Party approach the house . Children run ahead , the adult walk faster , then run , help with baby carriage and pick up small child and basket of mush - room . . . urge on from the porch by agafia . levin , come from the hay field , join the rout . 195 the grow - up be : levin , oblonsky , dolly , the oblonsky nurse , Prince and princess shcherbatsky . the child be : Tanya , grisha , masha , lili and vasili . dolly carry she youngest . the child be eighteen month older than when we first see they . porch the heaven open as everyone get under cover . levin where 's ekaterina alexandrovna ? agafia it 's all right , the mistress be give mitya he bath . it be evident from she tone that Kitty and agafia have make it up long ago . int . nursery , pokrovskoe , same time --day rain on the window and on the roof . the rain be so loud that it be the foreground sound in the scene ; and the dialogue , while we can pick it out without difficulty , be the background sound . levin enter , wet . dmitri ( mitya ) , two month old , be lie on he back in a basin , support by Kitty 's palm under he head . Kitty squeeze a sponge over he body , which he like . 196 levin I come look for you . . . I understand something . . . kitty and what be that ? Kitty lift mitya onto a towel on she lap , wrap he and give he to levin , who be enchant by he . levin he smile at I . kitty ( unconsciously absurd ) he 's very advanced for he age . she pick up she ring to replace they on she finger . kitty ( cont 'd ) what do you understand ? but the baby start to yell for the breast . Kitty start to undo she blouse . levin shake he head : he will tell she some other time , or maybe not . ext . porch , pokrovskoe --night the storm have pass . everything drip . oblonsky come from inside and light a cigar . indistinctly see and hear through the window , the mushroom Party occupy the dining room . oblonsky smoke thoughtfully , melancholy . 197 ext . flowering meadow --day springtime baby anya , old enough to stagger on she foot , waver through wild flower half she height . she fall over , almost disappear . this be be watch , with a mixture more pleasure than pain , by Kar - enin . he be in early retirement , sit with a book in a garden seat , dress comfortably under a straw hat . there be the SOUND over of people play croquet . serozha , age ten , enter he view , go to anya to haul she upright , and keep hold of she hand as she stagger on . karenin 's pleasure increase slightly . over this , the grow SOUND of a battlefield . ext . battlefield ( balkan ) -- day close vronsky , in a unfamiliar uniform , sabre point forward , be mount at full gallop with the SOUND of the charge all around he in the smoke and noise of gun . something heavy and invisible with its own SOUND -- like the flap of a awning -- take he from he horse into the air and go , leave spout of blood poise for a instant in the smoke . ext . flowering meadow , as before natural SOUND 198 serozha pick up anya like a parcel under he arm and walk on with she towards the indistinct figure of croquet player strolling in the heat haze , a couple of parasol hold aloft . fade to black .