annie hall write by Woody Allen Marshall brickman ( sound and Woody Allen monologue begin ) fade in : White credit dissolve in and out on black screen . no sound . fade out : credit fade in : abrupt medium close - up of alvy Singer do a comedy monologue . he wear a crumble sport jacket and tieless shirt ; the background be stark . alvy there 's a old joke . uh , two elderly woman be at a catskill mountain resort , and one of them say : " Boy , the food at this place be really terrible . " the other one say , " yeah , I know , and such ... small portion . " well , that 's essentially how I feel about life . full of loneliness and misery and suffer and unhappiness , and it 's all over much too quickly . the - the other important joke for I be one that 's , uh , usually attribute to groucho marx , but I think it appear originally in Freud 's wit and its relation to the unconscious . and it go like this - I be paraphrase : uh ... " I would never wanna belong to any club that would have someone like I for a member . " that 's the key joke of my adult life in term of my relationship with woman . tsch , you know , lately the strangest thing have be go through my mind , ' cause I turn forty , tsch , and I guess I be go through a life crisis or something , I do not know . I , uh ... and I be not worried about aging . I be not one o' that character , you know . although I be bald slightly on top , that 's about the worst you can say about I . I , uh , I think I be gonna get better as I get older , you know ? I think I be gonna be the- the bald virile type , you know , as oppose to say the , uh , distinguished gray , for instance , you know ? ' less I be neither o' that two . unless I be one o' that guy with saliva dribble out of he mouth who wander into a cafeteria with a shopping bag scream about socialism . ( sigh ) Annie and I break up and I - I still can not get my mind around that . you know , i- I keep sifting the piece of the relationship through my mind and - and examine my life and tryin ' to figure out where do the screw - up come , you know , and a year ago we be ... tsch , in love . you know , and - and - and ... and it 's funny , I be not - I be not a morose type . I be not a depressive character . i- I - I , uh , ( laugh ) you know , I be a reasonably happy kid , I guess . I be bring up in Brooklyn during World War ii . CUT to : int . doctor' office -day alvy as young boy sit on a sofa with he mother in a old - fashioned , cluttere doctor 's office . the doctor stand near the sofa , hold a cigarette and listen . mother ( to the doctor ) he 's be depressed . all off a sudden , he can not do anything . doctor ( nodding ) why be you depressed , alvy ? mother ( nudging alvy ) tell Dr. flicker . ( Young alvy sit , he head down . his mother answer for he ) it 's something he read . doctor ( puff on he cigarette and nodd ) something he read , huh ? alvy ( his head still down ) the universe be expand . doctor the universe be expand ? alvy ( look up at the doctor ) well , the universe be everything , and if it 's expand , someday it will break apart and that would be the end of everything ! disgust , he mother look at he . mother ( shouting ) what be that you business ? ( she turn back to the doctor ) he stop do he homework . alvy what 's the point ? mother ( excite , gesture with she hand ) what have the universe get to do with it ? you be here in Brooklyn ! Brooklyn be not expand ! doctor ( heartily , look down at alvy ) it will not be expand for billion of year yet , alvy . and we have gotta try to enjoy ourselves while we be here . uh ? he laugh . CUT to : fall shot of house with a amusement - park roller - coaster ride build over it . a line of car move up and then slide with great speed while out the window of the house a band shake a dust mop . alvy' voice my analyst say I exaggerate my childhood memory , but I swear I be bring up underneath the roller - CUT to : int . house alvy as a child sit at the table eat soup and read a comic book while he father sit on the sofa read the paper . the house shake with every move of the roller coaster . alvy' voice - coaster in the coney Island section of Brooklyn . maybe that account for my personality , which be a little nervous , I think . CUT to : Young alvy at the food-stand concession watch three military man represent the Army , the navy and the Marines arm in arm with a blond woman in a skirt bathing suit . they all turn and run toward the foreground . the girl stop before the camera to lean over and throw a kiss . the sign over the concession read " Steve 's famous clam bar . Ice cold beer , " and the roller coaster be move in full gear in the background . alvy' voice you know , I have a hyperactive imagination . my mind tend to jump around a little , and have some trouble between fantasy and reality . CUT to : full shot of people in bumper car thoroughly enjoy bump into each other as alvy father stand in the center of the track direct traffic . alvy' voice my father run the bumper- car concession . ( alvy as a child move into the frame drive a bumper car . he stop as other car bombard he . his father continue to direct the traffic ) there - there he be and there I be . but i-i - i- I use to get my aggression out through that car all the time . alvy back up he car off screen . int . schoolroom - day the camera pan over three austere - look teacher stand in front of the blackboard . the chalk write on the board change as each teacher lecture . while alvy speak , one of the male teacher put a equation on the blackboard . - " 2 X 10 = 20 " and other arithmetic formulas . alvy' voice I remember the staff at we public school . you know , we have a say , uh , that " that who can not do , teach , and that who can not teach , teach gym . " and ...uh , h'h , of course , that who could not do anything , I think , be assign to we school . I must say - CUT to : a female teacher stand in front of a old - fashioned schoolroom . the blackboard behind she read " transportation administration . the camera pan she point of view : a group of young student sit behind they desk . alvy as a child sit in a center desk wile all around he there be student activity ; there be note-pass , ruler - tapping , nose - pick , gumchew . alvy' voice I always feel my schoolmate be idiot . melvyn greenglass , you know , fat little face , and henrietta farrell , just miss perfect all the time . and - and Ivan ackerman , always the wrong answer . always . Ivan stand up behind he desk . ivan Seven and three be nine . alvy hit he forehead with he hand . another student glance over at he , reacting . alvy' voice even then I know they be just jerk . ( the camera move back to the teacher , who be glaring out at she student ) in nineteen forty - two I have already dis - as alvy talk , the camera show he move from he seat and kiss a young girl . she jump from she seat in disgust , rub she cheek , as alvy move back to he seat . 1st girl ( make noise ) ugh , he kiss I , he kiss I . teacher ( off screen ) that 's the second time this month ! step up here ! as the teacher , really glaring now , speak , alvy rise from he seat and move over to she . angry , she point with she band while the student turn they head to watch what will happen next . alvy what would I do ? teacher step up here ! alvy what would I do ? teacher you should be ashamed of yourself . the student , they head still turn , look back at alvy , now a adult , sit in the last seat of the second row . alvy ( as adult ) ( first off screen , then onscreen as camera move over to the back of the classroom ) why , I be just express a healthy sexual curiosity . teacher ( the young , alvy stand next to she ) six - year - old boy do not have girl on they mind . alvy ( as adult ) ( still sit in the back of the classroom ) I do . the girl the young alvy kiss turn to the older alvy , she gesture and speak . 1st girl for God 's sake , alvy , even Freud speak of a latency period . alvy ( as adult ) ( gesture ) well , I never have a latency period . I can not help it . teacher ( with young , alvy still at she side ) why could not you have be more like Donald ? ( the camera pan over to Donald , sit up tall in he seat , then back to the teacher ) now , there be a model boy ! alvy ( as child ) ( still stand next to the teacher ) tell the folk where you be today , Donald . donald I run a profitable dress company . alvy' voice right . sometimes I wonder where my classmate be today . the camera show the full classroom , the student sit behind they desk , the teacher stand in the front of the room . one at a time , the young student rise u from they desk and speak . 1st boy I be president of the pinkus plumb company . 2 nd boy I sell tallise . 3rd boy I use to be a heroin addict . now I be a methadone addict . 2 nd girl I be into leather . int . room Close - up of a tv screen show alvy as a adult on a talk show . he sit next to the show , host , Dick cavett , a navy man sit on he right . static be hear throughout the dialogue . alvy I lose track of most of my old schoolmate , but I wound up a comedian . they do not take I in the Army . I be , uh ... interestingly enough , I be - I be four -p. sound of tv audience laughter and applause be hear . dick cavett four-p ? alvy yes . in - in-in - in the event of war , I be a hostage . more audience laughter join by Dick cavett and the naval officer . int . the house where alvy grew up alvy 's mother sit at the old - fashioned dining - room table peel carrot and talk as she look off screen . mother you always only see the worst in people . you never could get along with anyone at school . you be always outta step with the world . even when you get famous , you still distrust the world . ' ext . manhattan street-day a pretty Manhattan street with sidewalk tree , brownstone , a school ; people mill about , some strolling and carry bundle , other bury . the screen show the whole length of the sidewalk , a street , and part of the sidewalk beyond . as the follow scene ensue , two pedestrian , indistinguishable in the distance , come closer and closer toward the camera , recognizable , finally , as alvy and he best friend , Rob , deep in conversation . they eventually move past the camera and off screen . traffic noise be hear in the background . alvy I distinctly hear it . he muttere under he breath , " Jew . " rob you be crazy ! alvy no , I be not . we be walk off the tennis court , and you know , he be there and I and he wife , and he look at she and then they both look at I , and under he breath he say , " Jew . " rob alvy , you be a total paranoid . alvy wh- how be I a paran - ? well , I pick up on that kind o' thing . you know , I be have lunch with some guy from NBC , so I say ... uh , " do you eat yet or what ? " and Tom Christie say , " no , didchoo ? " not , do you , didchoo eat ? Jew ? no , not do you eat , but Jew eat ? Jew . you get it ? Jew eat ? rob ah , Max , you , uh ... alvy stop call I Max . rob why , Max ? it 's a good name for you . Max , you see conspiracy in everything . alvy no , I do not ! you know , I be in a record store . listen to this - so I know there 's this big tall blond crew - cut guy and he 's lookin ' at I in a funny way and smile and he 's say , " yes , we have a sale this week on wagner . " wagner , Max , wagner - so I know what he 's really tryin ' to tell I very significantly wagner . rob right , max. California , Max . alvy ah. rob let 's get the hell outta this crazy city . alvy forget it , Max . rob - we move to sunny l.a . all of show business be out there , Max . alvy no , I cannot . you keep bring it up , but I do not wanna live in a city where the only cultural advantage be that you can make a right turn on a red light . rob ( check he watch ) right , Max , forget it . be not you gonna be late for meeting Annie ? alvy I be gonna meet she in front of the beekman . I think I have a few minute leave . right ? ext . beekman theater-day alvy stand in front of glass door of theater , the ticket taker behind he just inside the glass door . the sound of city traffic , car horn honk , can be hear while he look around wait for , Annie . a man in a black leather jacket , walk past the theater , stop in front of , alvy . he look at he , then move away . he stop a few step farther and turn around to look at alvy again . alvy look away , then back at the man . the man continue to stare . alvy scratch he head , look for Annie and try not to notice the man . the man , still stare , walk back to alvy . 1st man hey , you on television ? alvy ( nodding he head ) no . yeah , once in a while . you know , like occasionally . 1st man what 's you name ? alvy ( clear he throat ) you would not know it . it do not matter . what 's the difference ? 1st man you be on ... uh , the ... uh , the johnny carson , right ? alvy once in a while , you know . I mean , you know , every now - 1st man what 's you name ? alvy be get more and more uneasy as the man talk ; more and more people move through the door of the theater . alvy ( nervously ) I be ... I be , uh , I be Robert redford . 1st man ( laugh ) come on . alvy alvy Singer . it be nice nice ... thanks very much ... for everything . they shake hand and alvy pat the man 's arm . the man in turn look over he shoulder and motion to another man . all excited now , he point to alvy and call out . alvy look impatient . 1st man hey ! 2 nd man ( off screen ) what ? 1st man this be alvy Singer ! alvy fellas ... you know - Jesus ! come on ! 1st man ( overlap , ignore alvy ) this guy 's on television ! alvy Singer , right ? be I right ? alvy ( overlap 1st man ) gimme a break , will yuh , gimme a break . Jesus Christ ! 1st man ( still ignore alvy 's protestation ) this guy 's on television . alvy I need a large polo mallet ! 2 nd man ( move into the screen ) who 's on television ? 1st man this guy , on the johnny carson show . alvy ( annoy ) fellas , what be this - a meeting o' the teamster ? you know .. . 2 nd man ( also ignore alvy ) what program ? 1st man ( holding out a matchbook ) can I have you autograph ? alvy you do not want my autograph . 1st man ( overlap , alvy 's speech ) yeah , I do . it 's for my girl friend . make it out to Ralph . alvy ( take the matchbook and pen and write ) you girl friend 's name be Ralph ? 1st man it 's for my brudder . ( to passersby ) alvy Singer ! hey ! this be alvy - 2 nd man ( to alvy , overlap 1st man 's speech ) you really alvy Singer , the ... the tv star ? nodding he head yes , alvy shove 2nd man aside and move to the curb of the sidewalk . the two man follow , still talk over the traffic noise . 1st man - Singer ! 2 nd man alvy Singer over here ! a cab move into the frame and stop by the curb . alvy move over to it about to get in . alvy ( overlap the two man and stutter ) I - i-i- i - it 's all right , fella . ( as alvy open the cab door , the two man still behind he , Annie get out ) Jesus , what would you do , come by way of the Panama Canal ? annie ( overlap alvy ) alright , alright , I be in a bad mood , okay ? Annie close the cab door and she and alvy move over to the ticket booth of the theater as they continue to talk . alvy bad mood ? I be stand with the cast of " the godfather . " annie you be gonna hafta learn to deal with it . alvy deal ! I be deal with two guy name cheech ! annie okay . ( they move into the ticket line , still talk . a billboard next to they read " ingmar bergman be ' face to face , ' liv ullmann " ) please , I have a headache , all right ? alvy hey , you be in a bad mood . you - you - you must be get you period . annie I be not get my period . Jesus , every time anything out of the ordinary happen , you think that I be get my period ! they move over to the ticket counter , people in front of they buy ticket and walk off screen . alvy ( gesture ) a li-little louder . I think one of they may have miss it ! ( to the ticket clerk ) h be , have the picture start yet ? ticket clerk it start two minute ago . alvy ( hitting he hand on the counter ) that 's it ! forget it ! i- I can not go in . annie two minute , alvy . alvy ( overlap Annie ) no , I be sorry , I can not do it . we - we have blow it already . i- you know , uh , I - I can not go in in the middle . annie in the middle ? ( alvy nod he head yes and let 's out a exasperate sigh ) we will only miss the title . they're in swedish . alvy you wanna get coffee for two hour or something ? we will go next - annie two hour ? no , u-uh , I be go in . I be go in . she move past the ticket clerk . alvy ( waving to Annie ) go ahead . good-bye . Annie move back to alvy and take he arm . annie look , while we be talk we could be inside , you know that ? alvy ( watch people with ticket move past they ) hey , can we not stand here and argue in front of everybody , ' cause I get embarrassed . annie alright . all right , all right , so whatta you wanna do ? alvy I do not know now . you - you wanna go to another movie ? ( Annie nod she head and shrug she shoulder disgustedly as alvy , gesture with he band , look at she ) so let 's go see the sorrow and the pity . annie oh , come on , we have see it . I be not in the mood to see a four-hour documentary on Nazis . alvy well , I be sorry , I - I can not ... i- i- I have gotta see a picture exactly from the start to the finish , ' cause - ' cause I be anal . annie ( laugh now ) h'h , that 's a polite word for what you be . int . theater lobby . a line - up crowd of ticket holder wait to get into the theater , alvy and Annie among they . a bum of indistinct chatter can be hear through the ensue scene . man in line ( loudly to he companion right behind alvy and Annie ) we see the fellini film last Tuesday . it be not one of he best . it lack a cohesive structure . you know , you get the feel that he 's not absolutely sure what it be he want to say . ' course , I have always feel he be essentially a-a technical film maker . grant , La strada be a great film . great in its use of negative energy more than anything else . but that simple cohesive core ... alvy , reacting to the man 's loud monologue , start to get annoyed , while Annie begin to read she newspaper . alvy ( overlap the man 's speech ) I be - I be - I be gonna have a stroke . annie ( reading ) well , stop listen to he . man in line ( overlap alvy and Annie ) you know , it must need to have have its lead from one think to another . you know what I be talk about ? alvy ( sigh ) he 's scream he opinion in my ear . man in line like all that juliet of the spirit or satyricon , I find it incredibly ... indulgent . you know , he really be . he 's one of the most indulgent film maker . he really be - alvy ( overlap ) Key word here be " indulgent . " man in line ( overlap ) - without get ... well , let 's put it this way ... alvy ( to Annie , who be still read , overlap the man in line who be still talk ) what be you depressed about ? annie I miss my therapy . I oversleep . alvy how can you possibly oversleep ? annie the alarm clock . alvy ( gasp ) you know what a hostile gesture that be to I ? annie I know - because of we sexual problem , right ? alvy hey , you ... everybody in line at the New Yorker have to know we rate of intercourse ? man in line - it 's like Samuel beckett , you know - I admire the technique but he do not ... he do not hit I on a gut level . alvy ( to Annie ) I would like to hit this guy on a gut level . the man in line continue he speech all the while alvy and Annie talk . annie stop it , alvy ! alvy ( wringing he hand ) well , he 's spitting on my neck ! you know , he 's spitting on my neck when he talk . man in line and then , the most important thing of all be a comedian 's vision . annie and you know something else ? you know , you be so egocentric that if I miss my therapy you can think of it in term of how it affect you ! man in line ( lighting a cigarette while he talk ) gal gun - shy be what it be . alvy ( reacting again to the man in line ) probably on they first date , right ? man in line ( still go on ) it 's a narrow view . alvy probably meet by answer a ad in the New York Review of book . " thirtyish academic wish to meet woman who 's interested in mozart , James Joyce and sodomy . " ( he sigh ; then to Annie ) whatta you mean , we sexual problem ? annie oh ! alvy I - i- I mean , I be comparatively normal for a guy raise in Brooklyn . annie okay , I be very sorry . my sexual problem ! okay , my sexual problem ! huh ? the man in front of they turn to look at they , then look away . alvy I never read that . that be - that be Henry James , right ? novel , uh , the sequel to turn of the screw ? my sexual ... man in line ( even louder now ) it 's the influence of television . yeah , now Marshall mcluhan deal with it in term of it be a-a high , uh , high intensity , you understand ? a hot medium ... as oppose to a ... alvy ( more and more aggravate ) what I would not give for a large sock o' horse manure . man in line ... as oppose to a print ... alvy step forward , wave he hand in frustration , and stand face the camera . alvy ( sigh and address the audience ) what do you do when you get stick in a movie line with a guy like this behind you ? I mean , it 's just madden ! the man in line move toward alvy . both address the audience now . man in line wait a minute , why can not I give my opinion ? it 's a free country ! alvy I mean , d- he can give you - do you hafta give it so loud ? I mean , be not you ashamed to pontificate like that ? and - and the funny part of it be , m-marshall mcluhan , you do not know anything about Marshall mcluhan 's ... work ! man in line ( overlap ) wait a minute ! really ? really ? I happen to teach a class at Columbia call " tv media and Culture " ! so I think that my insight into Mr. mcluhan - well , have a great deal of validity . alvy oh , do yuh ? man in line yes . alvy well , that 's funny , because I happen to have Mr. mcluhan right here . so ... so , here , just let I - I mean , all right . come over here ... a second . alvy gesture to the camera which follow he and the man in line to the back of the crowded lobby . he move over to a large stand - up movie poster and pull Marshall mcluban from behind the poster . man in line oh. alvy ( to mcluban ) tell he . mcluhan ( to the man in line ) I hear - I hear what you be say . you - you know nothing of my work . you mean my whole fallacy be wrong . how you ever get to teach a course in anything be totally amazing . alvy ( to the camera ) Boy , if life be only like this ! int . theater . a close - up of the screen showing face of german soldier . credit appear over the face of the soldier . the sorrow and the pity cinema 5 lot . , 1972 marcel ophul , andre harris , 1969 Chronicle of a french town during the occupation narrator's voice ( over credit and soldier ) June fourteenth , nineteen forty , the german army occupy Paris . all over the country , people be desperate for every available scrap of news . CUT to : int . bedroom -night Annie be sit up in bed read . alvy ( off screen ) Boy , that guy in the french resistance be really brave , you know ? get to listen to maurice Chevalier sing so much . annie m be , I do not know , sometimes I ask myself how I would stand up under torture . alvy ( off screen ) you ? you kiddin ' ? ( he move into the frame , lie across the bed to touch , Annie , who make a face ) if the gestapo would take away you bloomingdale 's charge card , you would tell them everything . annie that movie make I feel guilty . alvy yeah , ' cause it 's suppose to . he start kissing Annie 's arm . she get annoyed and continue to read . annie alvy , I ... alvy what - what - what - what 's the matter ? annie I - you know , I do not wanna . alvy ( overlap Annie , reacting ) what - what - I do not ... it 's not natural ! we be sleep in a bed together . you know , it 's be a long time . annie I know , well , it 's just that - you know , I mean , I -I - I - I gotta sing tomorrow night , so I have to rest my voice . alvy ( overlap Annie again ) it 's always some kind of a excuse . it 's - you know , you use to think that I be very sexy . what ... when we first start go out , we have sex constantly ... we be - we be probably list in the guinness Book of World record . annie ( pat alvy 's band solicitously ) I know . well , alvy , it will pass , it will pass , it 's just that I be go through a phase , that 's all . alvy m be . annie I mean , you have be marry before , you know how thing can get . you be very hot for allison at first . CUT to : int . back stage of auditorium - night . allison , clipboard in band , walk about the wing , stop to talk to various people . musician , performer and technician mill about , busy with activity . allison wear a large " adlai " button , as do the people around she . the sound of a comedian on the stage of the auditorium can be hear , occasionally , interrupt by chatter and applause from the off screen audience . allison stop to talk to two woman ; they , too , wear " adlai " button . allison ( look down at the clipboard ) ma'am , you be on right after this man ... about twenty minute , something like that . woman oh , thank you . alvy move into the frame behind allison . he tap she on the shoulder ; she turn to face he . alvy ( cough ) Excuse ... excuse I , when do I go on ? allison ( look down at the clipboard ) who be you ? alvy alvy ... alvy Singer . I be a comedian . allison oh , comedian . yes . oh , uh ... you be on next . alvy ( rubbing he hand together nervously ) what do you mean , next ? allison ( laugh ) uh ... I mean you be on right after this act . alvy ( gesture ) no , it can not be , because he 's a comic . allison yes . alvy so what be you tell I , you be put on two comic in a row ? allison why not ? alvy no , I be sorry , I be not goin ' - I can not ... I do not wanna go on after that comedian . allison it 's okay . alvy no , because they be - they be laugh , so ( he start laugh nervously ) I - I - I would rather not . if you do not mind , I prefer - allison ( overlap ) will you relax , please ? they be gonna love you , I know . alvy ( overlap ) I prefer not to , because ... look , they be laugh at he . see , so what be yuh tell I - they move closer to the stage , look out from the wing . allison ( overlap ) yes . alvy ( overlap ) - that I have get to ... ah ... ah ... they be gonna laugh at he for a couple minute , then I gotta go out there , I gotta ... get laugh , too . how much can they laugh ? ( off screen ) they - they they be laugh out . allison ( off screen ) do you feel all right ? as allison and alvy look out at the stage , the camera cut to they point of view : a comedian stand at a podium in front of huge wave picture of adlai stevenson . the audience , laugh and clap , sit at round table in cluster around the room . the camera move back to allison and alvy watch the stage . alvy be swinging he hand nervously . comedian ( off screen , onstage ) you know ... alvy start look allison up and down ; people in the background mill about . alvy ( above the chatter around he ) look , what 's you - what 's you name ? comedian ( off screen ) ... General eisenhower be not ... allison ( look out at the stage ) allison . alvy yeah ? allison what ? allison ( still look off screen ) portchnik . comedian ... a group from the ... alvy ( cough ) thank you . i- I do not know why they would have I at this kind of rally ' cause ... ( he clear he throat ) Excuse I , I be not essentially a political comedian at all . the audience start to laugh . alvy I ... interestingly have , uh , date ... a woman in the eisenhower administration ... briefly ... and , uh , it be ironic to I ' cause , uh . . . tsch . . . ' cause I be try to , u-u-uh , do to she what eisenhower have be do to the country for the last eight year . the audience be with he , laugh , as allison continue to watch offstage . int . apartment bedroom . allison and , alvy be on the bed , kissing . there be book all over the room ; a fireplace , unlit , along one of the wall . alvy suddenly break away and sit on the edge of the bed . allison look at he . alvy h be , I be sorry , I can not go through with this , because it - I can not get it off my mind , allison ... it 's obsess I ! allison well , I be get tired of it . I need you attention . alvy get up from the bed and start walk restlessly around the room , gesture with he hand . alvy it - but it - it ... do not make any sense . he drive past the book depository and the police say conclusively that it be a exit wound . so-how be it possible for oswald to have fire from two angle at once ? it do not make sense . allison alvy . alvy , stop for a moment at the fireplace mantel , sigh . he then snap he finger and start walk again . alvy I will tell you this ! he be not marksman enough to hit a move target at that range . but ... ( clear he throat ) if there be a second assassin ... it - that 's it ! alvy stop at the music stand with open sheet music on it as allison get up from the bed and retrieve a pack of cigarettes from a bookshelf . allison we have be through this . alvy if they - they recover the shell from that rifle . allison ( move back to the bed and lighting a cigarette ) okay . all right , so whatta yuh say , now ? that e-e - everybody o-o - on the Warren Commission be in on this conspiracy , right ? alvy well , why not ? allison yeah , Earl Warren ? alvy ( move toward the bed ) hey ... honey , I do not know Earl Warren . allison lyndon Johnson ? alvy ( propping one knee on the bed and gesture ) l-l-lyndon johns lyndon Johnson be a politician . you know the ethic that guy have ? it 's like - uh , a notch underneath child molester . allison then everybody 's in in the conspiracy ? alvy ( nodding he head ) tsch . allison the FBI , and the CIA , and J. Edgar Hoover and oil company and the Pentagon and the I n's- room attendant at the White House ? alvy touch allison 's shoulder , then get up from the bed and start walk again . alvy i-i - i- I would leave out the I n's- room attendant . allison you be use this conspiracy theory as a excuse to avoid sex with I . alvy oh , my God ! ( then , to the camera ) she 's right ! why do I turn off allison portchnik ? she be - she be beautiful . she be willing . she be real ... intelligent . ( sigh ) be it the old groucho marx joke ? that - that i- I just do not wanna belong to any club that would have someone like I for a member ? ext . beach house - day alvy 's and Annie 's voice be hear over the wind - brown exterior of a beach house in the hampton . as they continue to talk , the camera move inside the house . alvy be pick up chair , try to get at the group of lobster crawl on the floor . dish be stack up in a drying rack , and bag of grocery sit on the counter . there 's a table and chair near the refrigerator . annie alvy , now do not panic . please . alvy look , I tell you it be a ... mistake to ever bring a live thing in the house . annie stop it ! do not ... do not do that ! there . the lobster continue to crawl on the floor . Annie , bold out a wooden paddle , try to shove they onto it . alvy well , maybe we should just call the police . dial nine - one-one , it 's the lobster squad . annie come on , alvy , they be only baby one , for God 's sake . alvy if they be only baby , then you pick them up . annie oh , all right . all right ! it 's all right . here . she drop the paddle and pick up one of the lobster by the tail . laugh , she shove it at alvy who jerk backward , squeamishly . alvy do not give it to I . do not ! annie ( hysterically ) oooh ! here ! here ! alvy ( point ) look ! look , one crawle behind the refrigerator . it will turn up in we bed at night . ( they move over to the refrigerator ; alvy move as close to the wall as possible as Annie , cover she mouth and laugh hysterically , teasingly dangle a lobster in front of he ) will you get outta here with that thing ? Jesus ! annie ( laugh , to the lobster ) get he ! alvy ( laugh ) talk to he . you speak shellfish ! ( he move over to the stove and take the lid of a large steamer fill with boil water ) hey , look ... put it in the pot . annie ( laugh ) I can not ! I can not put he in the pot . I can not put a live thing in hot water . alvy ( overlap ) gimme ! gimme ! let I do it ! what - what 's he think we be gonna do , take he to the movie ? Annie hand the lobster to alvy as he take it very carefully and drop it gingerly into the pot and put the cover back on . annie ( overlap alvy and make sound ) oh , God ! here yuh go ! oh , good , now he will think - ( she scream ) aaaah ! okay . alvy ( overlap Annie ) okay , it 's in . it 's definitely in the pot ! annie all right . all right . all right . she move hurriedly across the kitchen and pick up another lobster . smiling , she place it on the counter as alvy stand beside the refrigerator try to push it from the wall . alvy Annie , there 's a big lobster behind the refrigerator . I can not get it out . this thing 's heavy . maybe if I put a little dish of butter sauce here with a nutcracker , it will run out the other side , you know what I mean ? annie ( overlap ) yeah . I be gonna get my ... I be gonna get my camera . alvy you know , I - I think ... if I could pry this door off ... we shoulda get steak ' cause they do not have leg . they do not run around . Annie rush out of the room to get she camera as alvy pick up the paddle . try to get at the lobster , he end up knock over dish and hit the chandelier . holding the paddle , he finally lean back against the sink . Annie , stand in the doorway , start take picture of he . annie great ! great ! ( scream ) goddammit ! ( scream ) ooooh ! this be ... p-p - p-pick this lobster up . hold it , please ! alvy all right ! all right ! all right ! all right ! whatta yuh mean ? be yuh gonna take picture now ? annie it will make great - alvy , be - alvy , it will be wonderful ... ooooh , lovely ! alvy ( pick up the lobster Annie place on the counter earlier ) all right , here ! oh , God , it 's disgusting ! alvy drop the lobster back down on the counter , stick out he tongue and make a face . annie do not be a jerk . one more , alvy , please , one more picture . ( reluctantly alvy pick up the lobster again as Annie take another picture ) oh , oh , good , good ! ext . ocean front-dusk . the camera pan Annie and alvy as they walk along the shore . alvy so , so -well , here 's what I wanna know . w-what ... ( he clear he throat ) be I you first big romance ? annie oh ... no , no , no , no , uh , uh . no . alvy well , then , w- who be ? annie oh , well , let 's see , there be Dennis , from chippewa Falls High School . CUT to : flashback of dennis leaning against a car - night behind he be a movie theater with " marilyn monroe , ' misfit ' " on the marquee . he look at he watch as the young Annie , in a beehive hairdo , move into the frame . they kiss quickly and look at each other , smile . alvy' voice ( off screen ) dennis-right , uh , uh ... local kid probably , would meetcha in front of the movie house on Saturday night . anniee voice oh , God , you should have see what I look like then . alvy' voice ( off screen , laugh ) oh , I can imagine . p-p-probably the wife of a astronaut . anniee voice then there be Jerry , the actor . CUT to : flashback of brick - walled apartment - night the young , Annie and Jerry lean against the wall . Jerry be run he band down Annie 's bare arm . Annie and alvy walk into the room , observe the young Annie , in jeans and T-shirt , with Jerry . alvy' voice ( laugh ) look at you , you - you , - be such a clown . anniee voice I look pretty . alvy' voice well , yeah , you always look pretty , but that guy with you ... jerry acting be like a exploration of the soul . I - it 's very religious . uh , like , uh , a kind of liberate consciousness . it 's like a visual poem . alvy ( laugh ) be he kid with that crap ? younger annie ( laugh ) oh , right . right , yeah , I think I know exactly what you mean , when you say " religious . " alvy ( incredulous , to Annie ) you do ? annie ( still watch ) oh , come on - I mean , I be still young . alvy hey , that be last year . jerry it 's like when I think of die . you know how I would like to die ? younger annie no , how ? jerry I would like to get tear apart by wild animal . alvy' voice heavy ! eaten by some squirrel . anniee voice hey , listen - I mean , he be a terrific actor , and look at he , he 's neat- look and he be emotional ... y-hey , I do not think you like emotion too much . Jerry stop rub the young Annie 's arm and slide down to the floor as she raise she foot toward he chest . jerry touch my heart ... with you foot . alvy' voice I - I may throw up ! CUT back to : exterior . beach-dusk it 's now sunset , the water reflect the last light . the camera move over the scene . the off screen voice of alvy and Annie be hear as they walk , the camera always one step ahead of they . annie he be creepy . alvy yeah , I - I think you be pretty lucky I come along . annie ( laugh ) oh , really ? well , la-de-da ! alvy la-de-da . if I - if anyone have ever tell I that I would be take out a girl who use expression like " la - de - da " . . . annie oh , that 's right . that you really like that New York girl . alvy well , no ... not just , not only . annie oh , I would say so . you marry - CUT to : int . new york CITY apartment-night a cocktail party be in progress , the room crowded with guest as alvy and Robin make they way through the people . a waiter , carry a tray , walk past they . alvy reach out to pick up a glass ; Robin reach over and pick it of the tray first . there be much low - key chatter in the background . annie ( off screen ) - two of they . robin there 's Henry drucker . he have a chair in history at Princeton . oh , the short man be hershel kaminsky . he have a chair in philosophy at Cornell . alvy yeah , two more chair and they get a dining - room set . robin why be you so hostile ? alvy ( sigh ) ' Cause I wanna watch the knick on television . robin ( squint ) be that Paul goodman ? no . and be nice to the host because he 's publishing my book . hi , doug! Douglas Wyatt . " a foul -rag-and - bone shop-of -the-heart . " they move through the room , Robin hold a drink in one hand , she arm drape in alvy 's ; the crowd mill around they . alvy ( take Robin 's hand ) I be so tired of spend evening make fake insight with people who work for dysentery . robin commentary . alvy oh , really , I hear that commentary and dissent have merge and form dysentery . robin no joke - this be friend , okay ? int . bedroom alvy sit on the foot of the bed watch the knick game on television . tv announcer ( off screen ) Cleveland Cavaliers lose to the New York knick . Robin enter the room , slamm the door . robin here you be . there 's people out there . alvy hey , you would not believe this . two minute ago , the knick be ahead fourteen point , and now ... ( clear he throat ) they be ahead two point . robin alvy , what be so fascinating about a group of pituitary case try to stuff the ball through a hoop ? alvy ( look at Robin ) what 's fascinating be that it 's physical . you know , it 's one thing about intellectual , they prove that you can be absolutely brilliant and have no idea what 's go on . but on the other hand ... ( clear he throat ) the body do not lie , as - as we now know . alvy reach over , pull Robin down onto the bed . he kiss she and move farther up on the bed . robin stop act out . she sit on the edge of the bed , look down at the sprawle - out alvy . alvy no , it will be great ! it will be great , be-because all that Ph.D. 's be in there , you know , like ... discuss model of alienation and we will be in here quietly humping . he pull Robin toward he , caress she as she pull herself away . robin alvy , do not ! you be use sex to express hostility . alvy " ' why - why do you always r-reduce my animal urge to psychoanalytic category ? ' ( clear he throat ) he say as he remove she brassiere ... " robin ( pull away again ) there be people out there from the New Yorker magazine . my God ! what would they think ? she get up and fix the zipper on she dress . she turn and move toward the door . int . apartment-night Robin and alvy be in bed . the room be in darkness . outside , a siren start blaring . robin oh , I be sorry ! alvy do not get upset ! robin dammit ! I be so close . she flip on the overhead lamp and turn on she side . alvy turn to she . alvy ( gesture ) Jesus , last night it be some guy honk he car horn . I mean , the city can not close down . you know , what - whatta yuh gonna do , h-have them shut down the airport , too ? no more flight so we can have sex ? robin ( reaching over for she eyeglass on the night table ) I be too tense . I need a valium . my analyst say I should live in the country and not in New York . alvy well , I can not li - we can not have this discussion all the time . the country make I nervous . there 's ... you get cricket and it - it 's quiet ... there 's no place to walk after dinner , and ... uh , there 's the screen with the dead moth behind they , and ... uh , yuh get the - the Manson family possibly , yuh get Dick and Terry - robin ( interrupt ) okay , okay , my analyst just think I be too tense . where 's the goddamn valium ? she fumble about the floor for the valium , then back on the bed . alvy hey , come on , it 's quiet now . we can - we can start again . robin I can not . alvy what - robin my head be throbbing . alvy oh , you get a headache ! robin I have a headache . alvy bad ? robin oswald and ghost . alvy Jesus ! he begin to get out of bed . robin where be you go ? alvy well , I be - I be gonna take another in a series of cold shower . ext . men' locker room of the tennis club . Rob and alvy , carry tennis racket , come through the door of the locker room to the lobby . they be dress in tennis white . they walk toward the indoor court . rob Max , my serve be gonna send yuh to the shower - alvy right , right , so g-get back to what we be discuss , the failure of the country to get behind New York City be - be anti-semitism . rob Max , the city be terribly worried . alvy but the- I be not discuss politics or economics . this be foreskin . rob no , no , no , Max , that 's a very convenient out . every time some group disagree with you it 's because of anti-semitism . alvy do not you see ? the rest of the country look upon New York like we be - we're leave - wing Communist , jewish , homosexual , pornographer . I think of we that way , sometimes , and I - I live here . rob Max , if we live in California , we could play outdoors every day , in the sun . alvy Sun be bad for yuh . everything we parent say be good be bad . Sun , milk , red meat , college ... int . tennis court Annie and Janet , in tennis white , stand on the court hold tennis racket and ball . they be chatter and giggle . annie ( laugh ) I know , but ooh - here he come . okay . Rob and alvy enter the court and walk over to the two woman . Rob kiss Janet and make introduction . rob you know alvy ? janet oh , hi , alvy . annie ( to Rob ) how be yuh ? rob ( to alvy ) you know Annie ? janet I be sorry . this be Annie Hall . alvy hi. annie hi. Annie and alvy shake hand . janet ( laugh ) alvy . rob ( eager to begin ) who 's play who here ? alvy well , uh ... you and I against they ? annie ( overlap alvy ) well ... so ... I can not play too good , you know . janet ( laugh ) I have have four lesson ! the group , laugh and chat , divide up - Rob and Annie move to the other side of the net , alvy and Janet stand where they be . they start to play mix double , each take turn and play well . at one point in the game , Annie start to talk to Rob , then turn and see a ball head toward she . alvy ( hitting the halt back ) Holy god ! int . lobby alvy , dress , put thing into a gym bag . one knee be on the bench and he back be turn from the entrance . Annie walk toward the entrance door dress in street clothes and carry she tennis bag over she shoulder . see alvy , she stop and turn . annie hi . hi , hi . alvy ( look over he shoulder ) hi. oh , hi . hi. annie ( hand clasped in front of she , smile ) well , bye . she laugh and back up slowly toward the door . alvy ( clear he throat ) you - you play ... very well . annie oh , yeah ? so do you . oh , God , whatta - ( make sound and laugh ) whatta dumb thing to say , right ? I mean , you say it , " you play well , " and right away ... I have to say well . oh , oh ... God , Annie . ( she gesture with she hand ) well ... oh , well ... la- de - da , la-de - da , la-la . she turn around and move toward the door . alvy ( still look over he shoulder ) uh ... you - you wanna lift ? annie ( turn and aim she thumb over she shoulder ) oh , why - uh ... y-y - you gotta car ? alvy no , um ... I be gonna take a cab . annie ( laugh ) oh , no , I have a car . alvy you have a car ? ( Annie smile , hand fold in front of she ) so ... ( clear he throat ) I do not understand why ... if you have a car , so then - then wh- why do you say " do you have a car ? " ... like you want a lift ? annie I do not ... ( laugh ) I do not ... geez , I do not know , I have ... I wa - this ... yeah , I get this vw out there ... ( laugh and gesture toward the door ) what a jerk , yeah . would you like a lift ? alvy ( Zipping up he bag ) sure . w-w-w- which way yuh goin ' ? annie I ? oh , downtown ! alvy down - I be - I be goin ' uptown . annie ( laugh ) oh , well , I be goin ' uptown , too . alvy uh , well , you just say you be go downtown . annie yeah , well , I be , but I ... alvy pick up he bag and move toward the door . as he turn he bag around , the handle of the tennis racket bit Annie between the leg . alvy ( laugh ) so sorry . annie ( laugh ) I mean , I can go uptown , too . I live uptown , but ... uh , what the hell , I mean , it would be nice have company , you know I mean , I hate drive alone . alvy ( make sound ) yeah . they walk out the door . ext . new york STREET - day alvy and Annie in the vw as Annie speed down a city street near the East River . alvy so , how long do you know Janet ? where do you know she from ? annie ( laugh ) oh , I be in she act class . alvy oh - you be a actress . annie well , I do commercial , sort of ... she zoom down the wrong lane , car swerving out of she way . a horn blow . alvy I , uh ... well , you be not from New York , right ? annie no , chippewa Falls . alvy right ! ( a pause ) where ? annie Wisconsin . alvy ( finally reacting ) uh , you be drive a - annie uh , do not worry , I be a very - ( a car move closer to the vw , almost on top of it in the wrong direction . Annie swerve away at the very last minute ) -a very good driver . ( alvy rub he head nervously , stare out the window as Annie speed along ) so , listen -hey , you want some gum , anyway ? Annie look down beside she , search for the gum . alvy no , no thanks . hey , do not - annie well , where be it ? I - alvy no , no , no , no , you just ... just watch the road . I will get it - annie okay . they both fumble around in she pocketbook . alvy look up to see the entire front of a truck in Annie 's windshield . she swerve just in time . alvy - for yuh . annie okay , that 's good . alvy continue to look for the gum while Annie zoom down the city street . annie all right . alvy I will getcha a piece . annie yeah ... so , listen - you drive ? alvy do I drive ? uh , no , I gotta - I gotta problem with drive . annie oh , you do ? alvy yeah . I get , uh , I get a license but I have too much hostility . annie oh , right . alvy Nice car . annie ( a bit rapidly ) huh ? alvy you keep it nice . ( he pull a half - eat sandwich out of she bag ) can I ask you , be this - be this a sandwich ? annie huh ? oh , yeah . ext . street-day Cars be park on both side of the street as the vw round the corner . annie I live over here . oh , my God ! look ! there 's a parking space ! with brake squealing , Annie turn the vw sharply into the parking spot . Annie and alvy get out , alvy look over he shoulder as he leave the car . alvy that 's okay , you ... we - we can walk to the curb from here . annie do not be funny . alvy you want you tennis stuff ? annie huh ? oh ... yeah . alvy you want you gear ? here you go . alvy reach into the back of the car and take out tennis equipment . he hand she she thing . people pass by on the street . annie ( laugh ) yeah , thanks . thanks a lot . well ... alvy ( sigh ) well , thanks , thank you . you - you be a wonderful tennis player . annie ( laugh ) oh. alvy shake hand with Annie . alvy you be the worst driver I have ever see in my life . . . that 's include any place ... the worst ... Europe , United ... any place ... Asia . annie ( laugh ) yeah . alvy and I love what you be wearin' . alvy touch the tie Annie be wear around she neck . annie oh , you do ? yeah ? oh , well , it 's uh ... this be , uh ... this tie be a present , from grammy Hall . Annie flip the bottom of the tie . alvy who? grammy ? grammy Hall ? annie ( laugh and nodd she head ) yeah , my grammy . alvy you be jo - whatta yuh kid - what do you do , grow up in a norman rockwell painting ? annie ( laugh ) yeah , I know . alvy you grammy ! annie I know , it 's pretty silly , be not it ? alvy Jesus , my - my grammy ... n- never give gift , you know . she - she be too busy get rape by cossack . annie ( laugh ) well ... alvy well ... thank you again . annie oh , yeah , yeah . alvy I will see yuh . annie ( overlap , gesture ) hey , well , listen ... hey , you wanna come upstairs and , uh ... and have a glass of wine and something ? aw , no , I mean ... I mean , you do not have to , you be probably late and everything else ... alvy no , no , that will be fine . I do not mind . sure . annie you sure ? alvy ( overlap ) no , I get time . annie okay . alvy sure , I get ... I get nothing , uh , nothing till my analyst 's appointment . they move toward Annie 's apartment building . annie oh , you see a analyst ? alvy y-y-yeah , just for fifteen year . annie Fifteen year ? alvy yeah , uh , I be gonna give he one more year and then I be goin ' to lourd . annie Fifteen - aw , come on , you be . . . yeah , really ? int . anniee apartment alvy , stand , look around the apartment . there be lot of book , frame photograph on the white wall . a terrace can be see from the window . he pick up a copy of ariet , by sylvia platb , as Annie come out of the kitchen carry two glass . she hand they to alvy . alvy sylvia plath . annie m'hm ... alvy interesting poetess whose tragic suicide be misinterpreted as romantic , by the college - girl mentality . annie oh , yeah . alvy oh , sorry . annie right . well , I do not know , I mean , uh , some of she poem seem - neat , you know . alvy neat ? annie neat , yeah . alvy uh , I hate to tell yuh , this be nineteen seventy - five , you know that " neat " go out , I would say , at the turn of the century . ( Annie laugh ) who - who be - who be that photo on the wall ? annie ( move over to the photograph ) oh ... oh , well , you see now now , uh , that 's my dad , that 's Father - and that 's my ... brother , duane . alvy duane ? annie ( point ) yeah , right , duane - and over there be grammy Hall , and that 's sadie . alvy well , who 's sadie ? annie sadie ? oh , well , sadie ... ( laugh ) sadie meet grammy through , uh , through grammy 's brother George . uh , George be real sweet , you know , he have that thing . what be that thing where you , uh , where you , uh , fall asleep in the middle of a sentence , you know - what be it ? uh ... alvy uh , narcolepsy . annie narcolepsy , right , right . right . so , anyway , so ... ( laugh ) George , uh , go to the union , see , to get he free turkey , be-because , uh , the union always give George this big turkey at Christmas time because he be ... ( Annie point she finger to each side of she head , indicate George be a little crazy ) shell - shocked , you know what I mean , in the first World War . ( laugh hysterically , she open a cabinet door and take out a bottle of wine ) anyway , so , so ... ( laugh through the speech ) George be stand in line , oh , just a sec ...uh , get he free turkey , but the thing be , he fall asleep and he never wake up . so , so ... ( laugh ) so , he 's dead ... ( laugh ) he 's dead . yeah . oh , dear . well , terrible , huh , would not you say ? I mean , that 's pretty unfortunate . Annie unscrew the bottle of wine , silent now after she speech . alvy yeah , it 's a great story , though , I mean , I ... I ... it really make my day . hey , I think I should get outta here , you know , ' cause I think I be impose , you know ... annie ( laugh ) oh , really ? oh , well ... uh , uh , maybe , uh , maybe , we , uh ... alvy ... and ... uh , yeah , uh ... uh , you know , I - I - I ... they move outside to the terrace , alvy still hold the glass , Annie the wine . they stand in front of the railing , Annie pour the wine into the hold - out glass . annie well , I mean , you do not have to , you know . alvy no , I know , but ... but , you know , I be all perspire and everything . annie well , do not you take , uh ... uh , a shower at the club ? alvy I ? no , no , no , ' cause I never shower in a public place . annie ( laugh ) why not ? alvy ' Cause I do not like to get naked in front of another man , you know - it 's , uh ... annie ( laugh ) oh , I see , I see . alvy you know , I do not like to show my body to a man of my gender - annie yeah . oh , yeah . yeah , I see . I guess - alvy -' cause , uh , you never know what 's gonna happen . annie ( sipping she wine and laugh ) Fifteen year , huh ? alvy Fifteen year , yeah . annie yeah . oh , God bless ! they put they glass together in a toast . alvy God bless . annie ( laugh ) well , uh ... ( pause ) you be what grammy Hall would call a real Jew . alvy ( clear he throat ) oh , thank you . annie ( smiling ) yeah , well ... you - she hate Jews . she think that they just make money , but let I tell yuh , I mean , she 's the one yeah , be she ever . I be tellin ' yuh . alvy ( point toward the apartment after a short pause ) so , do you do shoot the photograph in there or what ? annie ( nodding , she hand on she hip ) yeah , yeah , I sorta dabble around , you know . Annie 's thought pop on the screen as she talk : I dabble ? listen to I - what a jerk ! alvy they're ... they be ... they be wonderful , you know . they have ... they have , uh ... a ... a quality . as do alvy 's : you be a great-look girl annie well , I - i- I would - I would like to take a serious photography course soon . again , Annie 's thought pop on : he probably think I be a yo-yo alvy photography 's interesting , ' cause , you know , it 's - it 's a new art form , and a , uh , a set of aesthetic criterion have not emerge yet . and alvy 's : I wonder what she look like naked ? annie aesthetic criterion ? you mean , whether it 's , uh , good photo or not ? I be not smart enough for he . hang in there alvy the - the medium enter in as a condition of the art form itself . that 's - I do not know what I be say - she sense I be shallow annie well , well , I ... to I - I ... I mean , it 's - it 's - it 's all instinctive , you know . I mean , I just try to uh , feel it , you know ? I try to get a sense of it and not think about it so much . God , I hope he do not turn out to be a shmuck like the other alvy still , still we - you need a set of aesthetic guide line to put it in social perspective , I think . Christ , I sound like fm radio . relax they be quiet for a moment , hold wine glass and sip . the sound of distant traffic from the street can be hear on the terrace . Annie , laugh , speak first . annie well , I do not know . I mean , I guess - I guess you must be sorta late , huh ? alvy you know , I gotta get there and begin whining soon ... otherwise I - hey ... well , be you busy Friday night ? annie me? oh , uh. ( laugh ) no . alvy ( put he band on he forehead ) oh , I be sorry , wait a minute , I have something . well , what about Saturday night ? annie ( nodding ) oh ... nothing . not - no , no ! alvy oh , you ... you be very popular , I can see . annie ( laugh ) I know . alvy gee , boy , what do you have ? you have plague ? annie well , I mean , I meet a lot of ... jerk , you know - alvy yeah , I meet a lotta jerk , too . annie ( overlap ) - what I mean ? alvy I think that 's , uh - annie ( interrupt ) but I be think about get some cat , you know , and then they ... oh , wait a second - oh , no , no , I mean ( laugh ) oh , shoot ! no , Saturday night I be gonna - ( laugh ) gonna sing . yeah . alvy you be gonna sing ? do you sing ? well , no , it be not ( overlap ) no kid ? ( overlap ) - this be my first time . oh , really ? where ? I would like to come . ( laugh ) oh , no , no , no , no , no ! no , I be interested ! annie ( laugh ) oh , no - I mean , I be just a-audition sort of at club . I do not - alvy ( overlap ) no , so help I . annie ( overlap ) - it 's my first time . alvy that 's okay , ' cause I know exactly what that 's like . listen - annie ( interrupt ) yeah . alvy ( overlap ) - you be gonna like night club , they be really a lotta fun . int . night club - night Annie stand on center stage with a microphone , a pianist behind she . a Bright light be focus on she ; the rest of the club be in darkness . there be the typical sound and movement of a nightclub audience : low conversation , curling smoke , break glass , microphone bum , move chair , waiter clatter trays , a ringing phone as Annie sing " it have to be you . ext . CITY STREET -night . alvy and Annie walk quickly down the sidewalk . annie I be awful . I be so ashamed ! I can not sing . alvy oh , listen , so the audience be a tad restless . annie whatta you mean , a tad restless ? oh , my God , I mean , they hate I . alvy no , they do not . you have a wonderful voice . annie no , I be gonna quit ! alvy no , I be not gonna letcha . you have a great voice . annie really , do you think so , really ? alvy yeah ! annie yeah ? alvy it 's terrific . annie ( overlap ) yeah , you know something ? I never even take a lesson , either . they stop in the middle of the sidewalk . alvy turn Annie around to face he . alvy hey , listen , listen . annie what ? alvy gimme a kiss . annie really ? alvy yeah , why not , because we be just gonna go home later , right ? annie yeah . alvy and - and uh , there 's gonna be all that tension . you know , we never kiss before and I will never know when to make the right move or anything . so we will kiss now we will get it over with and then we will go eat . okay ? annie oh , all right . alvy and we will digest we food better . annie okay . alvy okay ? annie yeah . they kiss . alvy so now we can digest we food . they turn and start walk again . annie we can digest we - alvy okay . yeah . int . deli - night Annie and alvy sit down in a booth . the deli be fairly well light and crowded . conversation , plate clatter , can be hear over the dialogue . the waiter come over to they to take they order . alvy ( to the waiter ) I be gonna have a corn beef . annie ( to the waiter ) yeah ... oh , uh , and I be gonna have a pastrami on white bread with , uh , mayonnaise and tomato and lettuce . ( alvy involuntarily make a face as the waiter leave ) tsch , so , uh , you second wife leave you and , uh , be you depressed about that ? alvy nothing that a few mega-vitamin could not cure . annie oh . and you first wife be allison ? alvy my first ... yes , she be nice , but you know , uh , it be my fault . I be just ... I be too crazy . annie oh. int . darkened bedroom -night alvy and Annie in bed together . annie m be , that be so nice . that be nice . alvy as balzac say ... annie h be ? alvy " there go another novel . " ( they laugh ) Jesus , you be great . annie oh , yeah ? alvy yeah . annie yeah ? alvy yeah , I be - I be - I be a wreck . annie no . ( she turn and look at alvy , then laugh ) you be a wreck . alvy really . I mean it . i- I will never play the piano again . annie ( lighting a joint and laugh ) you be really nut . I do not know , you really think it be good ? tell I . alvy good ? I be - annie ( overlap ) no. alvy no , that be the most fun I have ever have without laugh . annie ( laugh ) here , you want some ? alvy no , no , I - I - i , uh , I do not use any major hallucinogenics because I take a puff like five year ago at a party and annie yeah ? alvy - try to take my pants off over my head ... ( Annie laugh ) ... my ear . annie oh , I do not know , I do not really . I do not do it very often , you know , just sort of , er ... relax I at first . alvy m'hm . ( he push himself up from the bed and look down at Annie ) you be not gonna believe this , but - annie what ? what ? CUT to : int . bookstore -day Annie and alvy browsing in crowded bookstore . alvy , carry two book , " death and western think " and " the denial of death " , move over to where Annie be look . alvy hey ? annie h be ? alvy I - I - I be gonna buy you this book , I think , because I - I think you should read they . you know , instead of that cat book . annie ( look at the book alvy be bold ) that 's , uh ... ( laugh ) that 's pretty serious stuff there . alvy yeah , ' cause I - I be , you know , I be , I be obsessed with - with , uh , with death , I think . Big - annie ( overlap ) yeah ? alvy - big subject with I , yeah . annie yeah ? they move over to the cashier line . alvy ( gesture ) I have a very pessimistic view of life . you should know this about I if we be gonna go out , you know . i- i- I feel that life be - be divide up into the horrible and the miserable . annie m'hm . alvy that be the two category ... annie m'hm . alvy ... you know , they be - the - the horrible would be like , uh , I do not know , terminal case , you know ? annie m'hm . alvy and blind people , crippled ... annie yeah . alvy I do not - do not know how they get through life . it 's amazing to I . annie m'hm . alvy you know , and the miserable be everyone else . that 's - that 's all . so - so when you go through life you should be thankful that you be miserable , because that 's - you be very lucky ... to be ... ( overlap Annie 's laughter ) ... to be miserable . annie u-huh . ext . park -day it 's a beautiful sunny day in Central Park . people be sit on bench , other strolling , some walk dog . one woman stand feed coo pigeon . alvy 's and Annie 's voice be hear off screen as they observe the scene before they . a older man and woman walk into view . alvy look , look at that guy . annie m'hm . alvy there 's - there 's - there 's - there 's Mr. when -in- the - pink , Mr. Miami Beach , there , you know ? ( over Annie 's laughter ) he 's the latest ! just come back from the gin-rummy farm last night . he place third . annie ( laugh ) m'hm . yeah . yeah . the camera show they sit side by side relaxed on a bench . alvy ( watch two man approach , one lighting a cigar ) look at this guy . annie yeah . alvy oh , that 's hilarious . they be back from Fire Island . they're ... they be sort of give it a chance - you know what I mean ? annie oh! italian , right ? alvy yeah , he 's the mafia . line supply Business or cement and Contract , you know what I mean ? annie ( laugh ) oh , yeah . alvy no , I be serious . ( over Annie 's laughter ) I just get my mustache wet . annie oh , yeah ? alvy ( as another man walk by ) and there 's the winner of the Truman Capote look - alike contest . ext . street-night alvy and Annie walk almost in silhouette along the dock , the New York City skyline in the background . alvy have he arm around Annie and they walk slowly . no one else be around . annie you see , like you and I ... alvy you be extremely sexy . annie no , I be not . alvy unbelievably sexy . yes , you be . because ... you know what you be ? you be - you be polymorphously perverse . annie well , what do - what do that mean ? I do not know what that be . alvy uh ... uh , you be - you be exceptional in bed because you get - you get pleasure in every part of you body when I touch you . annie ooooh ! they stop walk . holding Annie 's arm , alvy turn she to face he . the South Street Bridge , light up for the night , be in the background . alvy you know what I mean ? like the tip o'your nose , and if I stroke you tooth or you kneecap ... you get excited . annie come on . ( laugh ) yeah . you know what ? you know , I like you , I really mean it . I really do like you . alvy you - do you love I ? annie do I love you ? alvy that 's the key question . annie yeah . alvy I know you have only know I a short while . annie well , I certainly ... I think that 's very - yeah , yeah ... ( laugh ) yeah . do you love I ? alvy I - uh , love be , uh , be too weak a word for what ... annie yeah . alvy - I ... I love you . ( over Annie 's laughter ) you know I lo - ove you , I - I love you . ( over Annie 's laughter ) i- I have to invent - of course I love you . annie yeah . alvy ( put he arm around she neck ) do not you think I do ? annie I dunno . they kiss as a foghorn sound in the distance . int . alvy' apartment alvy , somewhat distraught , be follow Annie around he apartment , which be fill with box and suitcase , clothes and frame picture . they both carry carton . alvy whatta you mean ? you be not gonna give up you own apartment , be you ? annie ( put down the carton ) of course . alvy yeah , bu - bu - but why ? annie well , I mean , I be move in with you , that 's why . alvy yeah , but you - you get a nice apartment . annie I have a tiny apartment . alvy yeah , I know it 's small . annie ( pick up the suitcase and walk into the bedroom ) that 's right , and it 's get bad plumbing and bug . alvy ( pick up some picture and follow Annie into the bedroom ) all right , grant , it have bad plumbing and bug , but you - you say that like it 's a negative thing . you know , bug be - are-uh , entomology be a ... ( Annie , reacting , toss the suitcase and some loose clothing onto the bed . she sit down on the edge , look away . alvy walk in , picture and carton in band , still talk ) ... rapidly grow field . annie you do not want I to live with you ? alvy how - I do not want you to live with I ? how - whose idea be it ? annie mine . alvy ye - ah . be it ... it be yours actually , but , uh , I approve it immediately . annie I guess you think that I talk you into something , huh ? ( put picture on the mantel ) alvy no-what , what ...? I ... we live together , we sleep together , we eat together . Jesus , you do not want it to be like we be marry , do yuh ? he move over to the carton of book on the window seat and reach in . he start toss book off screen . annie ( look up at alvy ) how be it any different ? alvy ( gesture ) it 's different ' cause you keep you own apartment . ( holding a book , he start walk around the room ) because you know it 's there , we do not have to go to it , we do not have to deal with it , but it 's like a-a - a free-floating life raft ... that we know that we be not marry . he toss the book on the bed and walk back to the window seat . annie ( still sit on the bed ) that little apartment be four hundred dollar a month , alvy . alvy ( look at Annie ) that place be four hundred dollar a month ? annie yes , it be . alvy ( whistle ) it 's - it 's get bad plumbing and bug . Jesus , I will - my accountant will write it off as a tax deduction , I will pay for it . annie ( shake she head ) you do not think I be smart enough to be serious about . alvy hey , do not be ridiculous . alvy move over to the bed and sit down next to Annie . annie then why be you always push I to take that college course like I be dumb or something ? alvy ( put he hand to he forehead ) ' Cause adult education 's a wonderful thing . you meet a lotta interesting professor . you know , it 's stimulate . ext . country highway - day Annie and alvy , in Annie 's vw , drive to they summerhouse . the camera move with they as they pass a house with a light window , bloom foliage . there be no dialogue , but it be a comfortable quiet . classical music play in the background . CUT to : int . country house - night Annie , sit cross -legge on a wooden chest in the bedroom , be browsing through a school catalogue . alvy lie in bed read . annie ( reading ) do this sound like a good course ? uh , " modern american poetry " ? uh , or , uh - let 's see now ... maybe I should , uh , take " introduction to the novel . " alvy just do not take any course where they make you read beowulf . annie what ? ( laugh ) hey , listen , what - what do you think ? do you think we should , uh , go to that - that party in southampton tonight ? alvy lean over and kiss she shoulder . alvy no , do not be silly . what - what do we need other people for ? ( he put he arm around she neck , kissing she , Annie make muffle sound ) you know , we should - we should just turn out the light , you know , and play hide and seek or something . annie ( laugh ) well , okay . well , listen , I be gonna get a cigarette , okay ? alvy ( yelling out to she as she leave the room ) yeah , grass , right ? the illusion that it will make a white woman more like billie holiday . annie ( off screen ) well , have you ever make love high ? alvy I , no . you ... i- I - you know , if I have grass or alcohol or anything I get unbearably wonderful . I get too , too wonderful for word . you know , I do not - I do not know why you have to , uh , get high every time we make love . annie ( move back into the room and lighting a joint ) it relax I . alvy oh , you - you have to be artificially relaxed before we can go to bed ? annie ( close the door ) well , what 's the difference , anyway ? alvy well , I will give you a shot of sodium pentothal . you can sleep through it . annie oh , come on , look who 's talk . you have be see a psychiatrist for fifteen year . ( she get into bed and take a puff of marijuana ) you should smoke some o' this . you would be off the couch in no time . alvy oh , come , you do not need that . alvy , sit down on the bed , move over to Annie and take the weed from she . annie what be you do ? alvy ( kiss she ) no , no , no , what ... you can once , you can live without it once . come on . annie oh , no , alvy , please . alvy , please . ( laugh and make sound ) m'mrnm . alvy m be , wait , I get a great idea . ( he get up and go over to the closet , take out a light bulb . he go back to the bed and turn out the lamp on the night table ) hang in there for a second . I get a little - little artifact . a little erotic artifact , that - that I bring up from the city , which I think , uh , be gonna be perfect . ( he turn the lamp back on , have replace the bulb with the red one from the closet ) I just ... there ... there 's a little Old New Orleans ... essence . now - now we can go about we business here and we can even develop photograph if we want to . there , now there . ( he undress and crawl into bed , take Annie in he arm ) m'mmm . m'mmm . hey , be something wrong ? annie uh-uh - why ? alvy I do not know . you - it 's like you be - you be remove . annie no , I be fine . as Annie speak , she inner self ( ghostlike , move up from the bed and ) sit down on a chair , watch . alvy really ? annie u-huh . alvy I do not know , but you seem sort of distant . annie let 's just do it , all right ? alvy ( kiss and caress Annie ) be it my imagination or be you just go through the motion ? anniee spirit alvy , do you remember where I put my draw pad ? because while you two be do that , I think I be gonna do some draw . alvy ( reacting ) you see , that 's what I call remove . annie oh , you have my body . alvy yeah , but that 's not - that 's no good . I want the whole thing . annie ( sigh ) well , I need grass and so do you . alvy well , it ruin it for I if you have grass ( clear he throat ) because , you know , I be , like , a comedian - annie ( overlap ) m'hm . alvy ( overlap ) - so if I get a laugh from a person who 's high , it do not count . you know - ' cause they be always laughin ' . annie be you always funny ? alvy hey , what be this - a interview ? we be suppose to be make love . CUT to : int . office . a typical old - fashioned theatrical agency in a Broadway office building . autographed 8 X 12 be plaster in the sloppy room . the agent , chew a cigar , sit behind he desk talk to one of he client , a comedian , who stand with he hand in he pocket . a young alvy sit stiffly in a chair nearby watch . agent this guy be naturally funny . I think he can write for you . comic ( buttone he jacket ) yeah , yeah . hey , kid , he tell I you be really good . well , lemme explain a little bit o' how I work . you know , you can tell right off the bat that I do not look like a funny guy when I come - you know , like some o' the guy that come out . you know , right away ( gesture ) they be gonna tell yuh they storey , you be gonna fall down , but I gotta be really talented . material 's gotta be sensational for I ' cause I work , you know , with very , very ... come on , I be kinda classy , you know what I mean ? uh ... uh ... lemme explain . for instance , I open with a open song . a musical start like ( ad-lib sing ) and I walk out ( ad-lib sing ) " place look wonderful from here and you folk look wonderful from here ! ( sing ) " and seein ' you there with a smile on you face make I shout this must be the place . " then I stop right in the middle and then I open with some joke . now , that 's where I need you , right there . for instance , like I say , " hey , I just get back from Canada , you know , they speak a lotta french up there . the only way to remember Jeanne d' Arc mean the light 's out in the bathroom ! " ( he laugh . seat alvy look up smile ) " oh , I meet a big lumberjack ... " alvy' voice ( to himself ) Jesus , this guy 's pathetic . comic ( overlap above speech ) ... big lumberjack ... alvy' voice ( to himself while the comic continue he routine ) look at he mincing around , like he think he 's real cute . you wanna throw up . if only I have the nerve to do my own joke . I do not know how much longer I can keep this smile freeze on my face . I be in the wrong business , I know it . comic ( overlap above speech ) " ' cherie , come back . I love you . ( shake he lip and mimick ) but , uh , cheri , what will I do with this , uh ? ' he say , ' aw , Marie , sometime you make I so mad . " ' ( laugh ) oh , they scream at that . now , write I something ' like that , will yuh ? kinda french number , can yuh do it ? huh , kid ? int . theater - night the darken auditorium be fill with college student applaud and cheer , excited , as alvy stand on spotlighted stage hold the microphone . alvy ( gesture ) w-where be I ? i- I keep ... I have to reorient myself . this be the University of Wisconsin , right ? so I be always ... I be tense and ... uh , when I be playin ' a col - I have a very bad history with college . you know , I go to New York University and , uh , tsch , I be throw out of nyu my freshman year ... for cheating on my metaphysic final . you know , I look within the soul of the boy sit next to I - ( the audience laugh ; they be with he ) - and when I be throw out , my mother , who 's a emotionally high -strung woman , lock herself in the bathroom and take a overdose of mah- jongg tile . ( more applause and laughter ) and , uh , tsch , I be depressed . I be ... in analysis , I -I , uh , be suicidal ; as a matter of fact , uh , I would have kill myself but I be in analysis with a strict freudian and if you kill yourself ... they make you pay for the session you miss . int . backstage of theater . student mill around alvy band he pen and paper for autograph . Annie be next to he , talk over the chatter fan . annie alvy , you be ... alvy , you be just great , I be not kid . it be - you be so neat . alvy C -c-coll - College audience be so wonderful . annie yeah . yeah . and you know something ? I think that I be start to get more of you reference , too . alvy be yuh ? annie yeah . alvy well , the twelve o'clock show be completely different than the nine . young woman ( interrupt ) May I have you autograph ? annie ( over lap above speech ) oh. alvy ( to Annie , while autograph ) you be so sure about it . annie oh , I be really , uh , look forward to tomorrow . I mean , you know , I think that it will be really nice to meet mother and Father . they start move toward the exit , a girl snap a picture of alvy with a flash camera as they walk through the crowd . alvy yeah , I know , they will hate I immediately . ( to one of he fan ) thank you . annie no , I do not think so . no , I do not think they be gonna hate you at all . on the contrary , I think - alvy yeah . annie it 's Easter . you know , we will have a nice dinner , we will sit down and eat . I think they be gonna really like you . ext . anniee parent ' home -day the camera show a neat two -story house surround by a well - manicure green lawn , then cut to : int . dine room . alvy and the hall be eat Easter dinner . the sun be pour through a big picture window , shine on a large , elegantly laid out table . alvy sit , at one end , - rub he nose and chew , the hall flanking he on either side : Mr. and Mrs. Hall , grammy , and Annie 's brother , duane . mom hall ( holding she wine glass ) it 's a nice ham this year , Mom . grammy Hall take a sip of she wine and nod . annie ( smiling at duane ) oh , yeah . grammy always do such a good job . dad hall ( chew ) a great sauce . alvy it be . ( smack he lip ) it 's dynamite ham . grammy Hall stare down the table at alvy ; a look of utter dislike . alvy try not to notice . mom hall ( to dad Hall , smoothing she hair ) we go over to the swap meet . Annie , Gram and I . get some nice picture frame . annie we really have a good time . grammy continue to stare at alvy ; he be now dress in the long black coat and hat of the Orthodox Jew , complete with mustache and hear . mom hall ( lighting a cigarette and turn to alvy ) Ann tell we that you have be see a psychiatrist for fifteen year . alvy ( setting down he glass and cough ) yes . I be make excellent progress . pretty soon when I lie down on he couch , I will not have to wear the lobster bib . Mom Hall react by sip from she glass and frown . grammy continue to stare . dad hall duane and I go out to the boat basin . duane we be caulkin ' hole all day . dad hall yeah . ( laugh ) randolph hunt be drunk , as usual . mom hall oh , that randolph hunt . you remember Randy hunt , Annie . he be in the choir with you . annie oh , yes , yes . alvy , lean he elbow on the table , look out toward the camera . alvy ( to the audience ) I can not believe this family . ( make chew sound ) Annie 's mother . she really 's beautiful . and they be talkin ' swap meet and boat basin , and the old lady at the end of the table ( point to grammy ) be a classic Jew hater . and , uh , they , they realty look american , you know , very healthy and ... like they never get sick or anything . nothing like my family . you know , the two be like oil and water . the screen split in half - on the right be alvy 's family - he mother , father , aunt and uncle-busily eat at the crowded kitchen table . they eat quickly and interrupt one another loudly . on the leave the hall in they dining room . both dialogue overlap , juxtapose . alvy' father let ' im drop dead ! who need he business ?! alvy' mother his wife have diabete ! alvy' father di-diabete ? be that any excuse ? diabete ? alvy' uncle the man be fifty year old and do not have a substantial job . alvy' aunt ( put more meat on she husband 's plate ) be that a reason to steal from he father ? alvy' uncle whatta you talkin ' about ? you do not know what you be talk about . alvy' aunt yes , I know what I be talk about . alvy' mother ( interrupt ) George , defend he ! alvy' uncle ( over alvy 's father 's mutter ) no moskowitz he have a coronary . alvy' aunt you do not say . alvy' mother we fast . mom hall stupid thelma poindexter ... to the Veteran Hospital . dad hall my God , he 's the new president of the El regis . let I tell you , the man be something ' else . mom hall that 's Jack 's wife . we use to make that outta raisin . annie oh , yes , that 's right . do you see the new play ? mom hall oh , you remember she , Annie . annie yes , I do . the two family start talk back and forth to one another . the screen be still split . mom hall how do you plan to spend the holiday , Mrs. Singer ? dad hall fast ? alvy' father yeah , no food . you know , we have to atone for we sin . mom hall what sin ? I do not understand . alvy' father tell you the truth , neither do we . CUT to : int . duane's bedroom -night duane , sit on he bed , see alvy walk past the open door . duane alvy . alvy ( walk in ) oh , hi , duane , how 's it goin ' ? duane this be my room . alvy ( look around ) oh , yeah ? ( he clear he throat ) terrific . duane can I confess something ? alvy sigh and sit down , lean he arm on duane 's dresser . duane 's face be big light by a single lamp . duane I tell you this because , as a artist , I think you will understand . sometimes when I be drive ... on the road at night ... I see two headlight come toward I . fast . I have this sudden impulse to turn the wheel quickly , head - on into the oncoming car . I can anticipate the explosion . the sound of shatter glass . the ... flame rise out of the flow gasoline . alvy ( reacting and clear he throat ) right . tsch , well , I have to - I have t-o go now , duane , because I - I be due back on the planet earth . he slowly get up and move toward the door . int . the hall ' live room . Mom and dad Hall walk into the live room ; Annie be with they . mom hall now , do not let it be so long , now . annie no . dad hall and look up uncle Bill , you promise . annie okay . okay . mom hall oh , he 's adorable , Annie . annie you think so ? do you really ? mom hall we be go to take they to the airport . dad hall oh , no - duane can . I have not finish my drink . annie yes , duane be . I will be right - mom hall m'mmm . annie I just have time to get the , uh - she walk out of the room as Mom and dad Hall kiss . ext . road - night duane , behind the wheel , stare straight ahead . it be raining very hard , the windshield wiper be move quickly . the headlight of another car brighten the interior of duane 's car as the camera show first duane , then Annie , then alvy tensely stare straight ahead . ext . STREET - day the camera bold on a quiet New York City street ; the building , brownstone . it 's a warm day - people sit on front stoops , window box be plant . Annie walk into the frame first , then alvy , who be walk to she right . they walk quickly , side by side , they voice hear before they move into the frame . annie ( off screen ) you follow I . I can not believe it ! alvy ( off screen ) I do not follow you ! annie you follow I ! alvy why ? ' Cause I ... be walkin ' along a block behind you stare at you ? that 's not follow ! annie well , what be you definition of follow ? alvy ( gasp ) follow be different . I be spying . annie do you realize how paranoid you be ? alvy paranoid ? I be look at you . you get you arm around another guy . annie that be the worst kind of paranoia . alvy yeah - well , I do not start out spying . i- I think I would surprise yuh . pick you up after school . annie yeah - well , you want to keep the relationship flexible , remember ? it 's you phrase . alvy oh , stop it . but you be have a affair with you college professor . that jerk that teach that incredible crap course " contemporary crisis in western man " ! annie " existential motif in Russian literature " ! you be really close . alvy what 's the difference ? it 's all mental masturbation . annie ( stop for a moment ) oh , well , now we be finally get to a subject you know something about ! she walk away . alvy ( catch up to she ) hey , do not knock masturbation ! it 's sex with someone I love . annie ( continue to walk quickly ) we be not have a affair . he 's marry . he just happen to think I be neat . alvy ( still walk next to she ) " neat " ! there 's that - what be you - twelve year old ? that 's one o' you chippewa Falls expression ! " he think I be neat . " annie who care ? who care ? alvy next thing you know he will find you keen and peachy , you know ? next thing you know he 's get he hand on you ass ! they both stop in the middle of the street . annie you have always have hostility toward David ever since I mention he ! alvy David ? you call you teacher David ? annie it 's he name . alvy well , listen , that 's , a nice bi- it 's a biblical name . right ? w- what do he call you ? bathsheba ? he walk away . annie ( Calling after he ) alvy ! alvy ! you be the one who never want to make a real commitment . you do not think I be smart enough ! we have that argument just last month , or do not ou remember that day ? CUT to : int . kitchen . alvy be at the sink wash dish as the screen cut to the scene of last month 's argument . Annie 's voice be hear . annie ( off screen ) I be home ! alvy ( turn ) oh , yeah ? how would it go ? annie ( come into the kitchen and put down a bag of grocery on the kitchen table ) oh , it be ... ( laugh ) really weird . but she 's a very nice woman . alvy yeah ? annie and I do not have to lie down on the couch , alvy , she have I sit up . so I tell she about -about the - the family and about my feeling toward man and about my relationship with my brother . alvy m'm . annie and then she mention penis envy ... do you know about that ? alvy me? I be - I be one of the few male who suffer from that , so , so ... you know . annie m'hm . alvy g- go on , I be interested . annie well , she say that I be very guilty about my impulse toward marriage , and - and child . alvy m'hm . annie and then I remember when I be a kid how I accidentally see my parent make love . alvy tsch . rea - all this happen in the first hour ? annie m'hm . alvy that 's amazing . i- i- I ... I have be goin ' for fifteen year , I - you know , I do not get ... nothing like that in - annie oh , I tell she my dream and then I cry . alvy you cry ? I have never once cry . fantastic ... annie ( take grocery from the bag ) yeah . alvy I whine . i- i- I sit and I whine . annie in - in ... alvy , in my dream Frank Sinatra be hold he pillow across my face and I can not breathe . alvy Sinatra ? annie yeah , and he 's strangling I ... alvy yeah ? annie ... and I keep , you know , it 's - alvy ( take a bottle of juice and some celery from the bag ) well , well , sure ... because he 's a singer and you be a singer , you know , so it 's perfect . so you be try to suffocate yourself . it - it make perfect sense . uh , uh , that 's a perfect analytic ... kind of insight . annie ( point she finger at alvy ) she say , you name be alvy Singer . alvy ( turn to Annie ) whatta you mean ? I ? annie yeah , yeah , yeah , you . because in the dream ... I break Sinatra 's glass . alvy ( put he band to he mouth ) Sinatra have gl - you never say Sinatra have glass . so whatta you say that I - I be suffocating you ? annie ( turn , ajar in she hand ) oh , and God , alvy , I do ... this really terrible thing to he . because then when he sing it be in this real high - pitch voice . alvy ( think ) tsch , what would the doctor say ? annie ( put away some grocery ) well , she say that I should probably come five time a week . and you know something ? I do not think I mind analysis at all . the only question be , will it change my wife ? alvy will it change you wife ? annie will it change my life ? alvy yeah , but you say , " will it change my wife " ! annie no , I do not . ( laugh ) I say , " will it change my life , " alvy . alvy you say , " will it change . . . " wife . will it change ... annie ( yelling out , angry ) life . I say , " life . " alvy turn toward the camera . alvy ( to the audience ) she say , " will it change my wife . " you hear that because you be there so I be not crazy . annie and , alvy ... and then I tell she about how I do not think you would ever really take I seriously , because you do not think that I be smart enough . she walk out of the room . alvy ( to Annie 's back , gesture ) why do you always bring that up ? because I encourage you to take adult -education course ? I think it 's a wonderful thing . you meet wonderful , interesting professor ' . CUT to : ext . STREET Annie stand at the open door of a cab , alvy next to she gesture as people and car move by . alvy adult education be such junk ! the professor be so phony . how can you do it ? annie a bit rapidly . I do not care what you say about David , he 's a perfectly fine teacher ! alvy ( interrupt ) David ! David ! I can not believe this ! annie and what be you do follow I around for , anyway ? alvy I be follow you and David , if you - annie ( interrupt ) I just think we oughta call this relationship quit ! Annie get into the cab ; alvy lean over and close the door . alvy that 's fine . that 's fine . that 's great ! ( he turn toward the camera as the cab drive away ) well , I do not know what I do wrong . ( gesture ) I mean , I can not believe this . somewhere she cool off to I ! ( he walk up to a older woman walk down the street carry grocery ) be it - be it something that I do ? woman on the STREET never something you do . that 's how people be . Love fade . she move on down the street . alvy ( scratch he head ) Love fade . God , that 's a depress think . have to ask you a question . ( he stop another passer - by , a man ) do not go any further . now , with you wife in bed , d-d - do she need some kind o' artificial stimulation like - like marijuana ? man on the STREET we use a large vibrate egg . he walk on . alvy ( continue to walk ) large vibrate egg . well , I ask a psychopath , I get that kind of a answer . Jesus , I - I , uh , here ... ( he move up the sidewalk to a young trendy - look couple , arm wrap around each other ) you - you look like a really happy couple . uh , uh ... be you ? young woman yeah . alvy yeah ! so ... so h-h- how do you account for it ? young woman uh , I be very shallow and empty and I have no idea and nothing interesting to say . young man and I be exactly the same way . alvy I see . well , that 's very interesting . so you have manage to work out something , huh ? young man right . young woman yeah . alvy oh , well , thanks very much for talk to I . he continue to walk past some other passersby and move into the street . a mount policeman come by and stop near he . alvy look at the horse , as if to speak . alvy' voice -over you know , even as a kid I always go for the wrong woman . I think that 's my problem . when my mother take I to see snow White , everyone fall in love with snow White . I immediately fall for the wick Queen . the scene dissolves into a sequence from the animated snow White and the Seven dwarf . the wick Queen , resembling Annie , sit in the palace before she mirror . alvy , as a cartoon figure , sit beside she , arm cross in front of he . wicked queen we never have any fun anymore . cartoon figure alvy how can you say that ? wicked queen why not ? you be always lean on I to improve myself . cartoon figure alvy you be just upset . you must be get you period . wicked queen I do not get a period ! I be a cartoon character . can not I be upset once in a while ? Rob , as a cartoon figure , enter and sit down on the other side of the wick Queen . cartoon figure rob Max , will you forget about Annie ? I know lot of woman you can date . cartoon figure alvy I do not wanna go out with any other woman . cartoon figure rob Max , have I get a girl for you . you be go to love she . she 's a reporter - the cartoon figure of alvy and Rob walk past the wick Queen ; the screen dissolves into the interior of a concert ball . Rob 's voice carry over from the cartoon scene as the screen show alvy with the female reporter . it 's very crowded , noisy ; policeman and reporter be everywhere . alvy stand with he hand in he pocket , watch the commotion . cartoon figure rob' voice - over - for Rolling Stone . female reporter I think there be more people here to see the Maharishi than there be to see the Dylan concert . I cover the Dylan concert ... which give I chill . especially when he sing " she take just like a woman and she make love just like a woman yes , she do and she aches just like a woman but she break just like a little girl . " ( they move toward the aisle as a guard hold up he hand to stop they ) up to that I guess the most charismatic event I cover be Mick 's birthday when the Stones play madison Square Garden . alvy ( laugh ) man , that 's great . that 's just great . reporter you catch Dylan ? alvy ( cough ) me? no , no . i- I could not make it that ni- my-my raccoon have hepatitis . reporter you have a raccoon ? alvy ( gesture ) tsch , a few . reporter the only word for this be tran -plendid . it 's tran -plendid . alvy I can think of another word . reporter he 's God ! I mean , this man be God ! he 's get million of follower who would crawl all the way across the world just to touch the hem of he garment . alvy really ? it must be a tremendous hem . reporter I be a rosicrucian myself . alvy be you ? reporter yeah . alvy I can not get with any religion that advertise in popular mechanic . look - ( the maharisbi , a small , chunky man , walk out of the men' room , huge bodyguard flanking he while policeman bold back the crowd ) there 's God come outta the man 's room . reporter it 's unbelievably tran -plendid ! I be at the Stones concert in altamount when they kill that guy , remember ? alvy yeah , be yuh ? I be - I be at a Alice Cooper thing where six people be rush to the hospital with bad vibe . int . alvy' bedroom - night the reporter be sit up in bed , light cigarette in she hand . alvy , lie next to she , rub he eye and put on he eyeglass . reporter ( look down at he ) I hope you do not mind that I take so long to finish . alvy ( sigh ) oh , no , no , do not be ... tsch ... do not be silly . you know , ( yawning ) I be startin ' it - I be startin ' to get some feel back in my jaw now . reporter oh , sex with you be really a kafkaesque experience . alvy oh , tsch , thank you . h be . reporter I mean that as a compliment . alvy ( make sound ) I think - I think there 's too much burden place on the orgasm , you know , to make up for empty area in life . reporter who say that ? alvy ( rubbing he chin and shoulder ) uh , oh , I do not know . it might have be Leopold and loeb . ( the telephone ring . alvy pick it up , rise up slightly from the bed , concerned , as he talk ) hello . oh , hi ... uh , no , what - what 's the matter ? what - what -what ? you sound terrible ... no , what - sure i- whatta yuh - what kind of a emergency ? ... no , well , stay there . stay there , I will come over right now . I will come over right now . just stay there , I will come right over . he hang up . the reporter sit in bed still , take in the situation . int . anniee apartment hallway Annie , look slightly distraught , go to open the door to alvy 's knock . alvy what 's - it 's I , open up . annie ( open the door ) oh. alvy be you okay ? what 's the matter ? ( they look at each other , Annie sighing ) be you all right ? what - annie there 's a spider in the bathroom . alvy ( reacting ) what ? annie there 's a big black spider in the bathroom . alvy that 's what you get I here for at three o'clock in the morning , ' cause there 's a spider in the bathroom ? annie my God , I mean , you know how I be about insect . alvy ( interrupt , sighing ) oooh . annie - I can not sleep with a live thing crawl around in the bathroom . alvy kill it ! for go - what 's wrong with you ? do not you have a can of raid in the house ? annie ( shake she head ) no . alvy , disgust , start wave he hand and start to move into the live room . alvy ( sigh ) I tell you a thousand time you should always keep , uh , a lotta insect spray . you never know who 's gonna crawl over . annie ( follow he ) I know , I know , and a first - aid kit and a fire extinguisher . alvy Jesus . all right , gimme a magazine . i- ' cause I be a little tired . ( while Annie go of to find he a magazine , alvy , still talk , glance around the apartment . he notice a small book on a cabinet and pick it up . ) you know , you , you joke with - about I , you make fun of I , but I be prepare for anything . a emergency , a tidal wave , a earthquake . hey , what be this ? what ? do you go to a rock concert ? annie yeah . alvy oh , yeah , really ? really ? how -how would you like it ? be it - be it , I mean , do it ... be it heavy ? do it achieve total heavy -ocity ? or be it , uh ... annie it be just great ! alvy ( thumb through the book ) oh , humdinger . when - well , I get a wonderful idea . why do n'tcha get the guy who take you to the rock concert , we will call he and he can come over and kill the spider . you know , it 's a - he toss the book down on the cabinet . annie I call you ; you wanna help I ... or not ? h'h ? here . she hand he a magazine . alvy ( look down at the magazine ) what be this ? what be you , since when do you read the " National Review " ? what be you turn in to ? annie ( turn to a nearby chair for some gum in she pocketbook ) well , I like to try to get all point of view . alvy it 's wonderful . then why do n'tcha get William f. Buckley to kill the spider ? annie ( spin around to face he ) alvy , you be a little hostile , you know that ? not only that , you look thin and tired . she put a piece of gum in she mouth . alvy well , I be in be - it 's three o'clock in the morning . you , uh , you get I outta bed , I run over here , I could not get a taxi cab . you say it be a emergency , and I do not ge - I run up the stair . Hell - I be a lot more attractive when the evening begin . look , uh , tell - whatta you - be you go with a right - wing rock - and roll star ? be that possible ? annie ( sitting down on a chair arm and look up at alvy ) would you like a glass of chocolate milk ? alvy hey , what be I - you son ? whatta you mean ? i- I come over tv --_ annie ( touch he chest with she hand ) I get the good chocolate , alvy . alvy yeah , where be the spider ? annie it really be lovely . it 's in the bathroom . alvy be he in the bathroom ? annie ( rising from chair ) hey , do not squish it , and after it 's dead , flush it down the toilet , okay ? and flush it a couple o' time . alvy ( move down the hallway to the bathroom ) darling , darling , I have be kill spider since I be thirty , okay ? annie ( upset , hand on she neck ) oh. what ? alvy ( come back into the live room ) very big spider . annie yeah ? alvy two ... yeah . lotta , lotta trouble . there 's two of them . alvy start walk down the ball again , Annie follow . annie two ? alvy ( open a closet door ) yep . I do not think it be that big , but it 's a major spider . you get a broom or something with a - annie oh , I - I leave it at you house . alvy ( overlap ) - snow shovel or anything or something . annie ( overlap ) I think I leave it there , I be sorry . reaching up into the closet , alvy take out a cover tennis racquet . alvy ( holding the racquet ) okay , let I have this . annie well , what be you do ... what be you do with - alvy honey , there 's a spider in you bathroom the size of a buick . he walk into the bathroom , Annie look after he . annie well , okay . oooh . alvy stand in the middle of the bathroom , tennis racquet in one band , roll magazine in the other . he look over at the shelf above the sink and pick up a small container . he hold it out , shouting off screen to Annie . alvy hey , what be this ? you get black soap ? annie ( off screen ) it 's for my complexion . alvy whatta - whatta yuh join a minstrel show ? geez . ( alvy turn and start swapping the racquet over the shelf , knock down article and break glass ) do not worry ! ( he continue to swat the racquet all over the bathroom . he finally move out of the room , hand close to he body . he walk into the other room , where Annie be sit in a corner of she bed lean against the wall ) I do it ! I kill they both . what - what 's the matter ? whatta you - ( Annie be sobbing , she band over she face ) - whatta you sad about ? you - what would you want I to do ? capture them and rehabilitate them ? annie ( sob and take alvy 's arm ) oh , do not go , okay ? please . alvy ( sitting down next to she ) whatta you mean , do not go ? whatta-whatta - what 's the matter ? whatta you expect - termite ? what 's the matter ? annie ( sob ) oh , uh , I do not know . I miss you . tsch . she beat she fist on the bed . reacting , alvy put he arm around she shoulder and lean back against the wall . alvy oh , Jesus , really ? annie ( lean on he shoulder ) oh , yeah . oh . ( they kiss ) oh ! alvy ? alvy what ? he touch she face gently as she wipe tear from she face . annie be there somebody in you room when I call you ? alvy w-w-whatta you mean ? annie I mean be there another - I think I hear a voice . alvy oh , I have the radio on . annie yeah ? alvy I be sorry . I have the television set ... I have the television - annie yeah . alvy pull she to he and they kiss again . CUT to : int . alvy' bed alvy be lie in bed next to Annie , who be lean on she elbow look down at he . he rub she arm and she smile . annie alvy , let 's never break up again . I do not wanna be apart . alvy oh , no , no , I think we be both much too mature for something like that . annie live together have not be so bad , have it ? alvy it 's all right for I , it 's be terrific , you know ? better than either one of my marriage . see , ' cause . . . ' cause there 's just something different about you . I do not know what it be , but it 's great . annie ( snicker ) you know I think that if you let I , maybe I could help you have more fun , you know ? I mean , I know it 's hard and ... yeah . alvy I do not know . annie alvy , what about ... what if we go away this weekend , and we could - alvy tsch , why do not we get ... why do not we get Rob , and the three of we will drive into Brooklyn , you know , and we show you the old neighborhood . annie okay , okay . okay . alvy that would be fun for yuh . do not you think - annie yeah . alvy raise up he head and they kiss . ext . highway Annie be behind the wheel in she vw , Rob be beside she , alvy in the back seat lean forward so that he head be between they . they be drive down the highway . annie - I , my God , it 's a great day ! alvy ( interrupt ) hey , can yuh watch the road ? watch the -- rob ( overlap ) yeah , watch the road ! alvy you will total the whole car . annie ( laugh ) hey , you know , I never even visit Brooklyn before . rob I can not wait to see the old neighborhood . alvy yeah , the neighborhood 's gonna be great . rob we can show she the schoolyard . alvy right . I be a great athlete . tell she , Max , I be the best , I be all schoolyard . rob yes , I remember . ( Annie laugh ) he be all schoolyard . they throw he a football once , he try to dribble it . alvy yeah , well , I use to lose my glass a lot . ext . amusement park . alvy Annie and Rob move toward the roller coaster on the screen . the area 's desert . Sea gull be hear . alvy oh , look , look , there 's that ... that 's - that 's my old house . that 's where I use to live . annie ( laugh ) Holy cow ! rob you be lucky , Max - where I use to live be now a pornographic equipment store . Annie laugh . alvy I have some very good memory there . rob what kind of good memory , Max ? you mother and father fight all the time . alvy yeah , and always over the most ridiculous thing . flashback - int . alvy' house . alvy 's father sit in he chair . his mother be polish a door while alvy lie on the floor play . Annie , adult alvy and Rob quietly walk into the scene to watch . alvy' father you fire the clean woman ? alvy' mother she be steal . alvy' father but she 's color . alvy' mother so ? alvy' father so the color have enough trouble . alvy' mother she be go through my pocketbook ! alvy' father they be persecute enough ! alvy' mother who 's persecute ? she steal ! alvy 's father get up and get he hard hat . he sit back down and start polish it . alvy' father all right - so we can afford it . alvy' mother how can we afford it ? on you pay ? what if she steal more ? alvy' father she 's a color woman , from harlem ! she have no money ! she 's get a right to steal from we ! after all , who be she gonna steal from if not we ? adult alvy ( yelling into the scene ) you be both crazy ! rob they can not hear you , Max . alvy' mother Leo ... I marry a fool ! rob ( point ) hey , Max ! who 's that ? as the three friend watch alvy 's old live room , the scene have suddenly shift . a huge crowd stand around the room , laugh , eat , chat and vibrate with the turn of the roller - coaster ride . alvy it - it - it 's the welcome - home party in nineteen forty - five , for my cousin herbie . adult alvy ( point ) look , look , there 's - there 's that one over there , that 's joey Nichols , he be my - ( Young alvy stand next to joey Nichols , who 's sit in one of the easy chair . they smile at each other ; people and noise all around ) - father 's friend . he be always bother I when I be a kid . joey joey Nichols . ( laugh ) see. Nichols . see , Nichols ! ( joey show young alvy he cuff link and a tie pin , which be make from nickel , as alvy stand with hand on hip , unconcern . joey then slap he band to he forehead and put a nickel on he forehead ) yuh see , nickel ! you can always remember my name , just think of joey five cent . ( laugh ) that 's I . joey five cent ! joey grab alvy 's cheek and pinch they . young alvy ( turn away ) what a asshole ! a group of woman stand near a buffet table eat and listen to alvy mother and she sister , tessie , and a young girl , as the three friend watch . alvy' mother I be always the sister with good common sense . but tessie be always the one with personality . when she be young , they all want to marry tessie . she touch tessie 's shoulder . tessie start to laugh . adult alvy ( point , to Rob ) do you believe that , Max ? tessie moskowitz have the personality . she 's the life of the ghetto , no doubt . alvy' mother ( to the young girl ) she be once a great beauty . tessie nod she head " yes . " rob tessie , they say you be the sister with personality . tessie ( address the young girl ) I be a great beauty . rob uh , how do this personality come about ? tessie ( grabbing the young girl 's cheek ) I be very charming . rob there be many man interested in you ? tessie ( to the young girl ) oh , I be quite a lively dancer . tessie gyrate back and forth imitate a dancer while Annie and the adult alvy lean on each other laugh . rob ( laugh ) that 's pretty hard to believe . ext . STREET . alvy and Annie walk contentedly down a street ; alvy 's arm be drape around Annie . people walk by they on the street as they move toward they apartment building . annie well , I have a really good day , you know that ? it be just a real fine way to spend my birthday . alvy ah ? oh , well , you birthday 's not till tomorrow , honey , I hate to tell yuh . annie yeah , but it 's real close . alvy yeah , but no present till midnight . annie ( laugh ) oh , darn it . int . apartment Annie and alvy sit on the sofa . Annie 's unwrap a gift while alvy watch . annie ( make sound ) this be - ( make sound ) huh ? she pull out flimsy black lingerie from the box . alvy happy birthday . annie what be this ? be this a ... present ? ( laugh ) be you kid ? alvy yeah , hey , why do not yuh try it on ? annie uh , yeah , uh ... t-t - this be more like a present for you , yeah , but it 's - alvy try it ... it will add year to we sex life . annie ( look up at alvy and laugh ) uh huh . yeah . forget it . alvy lean over and hand she another box as she put down the lingerie . alvy here 's a real present . annie ( open the gift ) what ... huh ? alvy check it out . annie oh , yeah ? what be this , anyway ? ( continue ) let I see . okay , let 's ... oooh , God ! ( she take out a watch from the box ) oh , you know I want this ... ( laugh ) God , it 's terrific , God ! alvy ( make sound ) yeah , I know . just - just put on the watch , and - and ... that thing , and we will just ... annie ( laugh ) oh! my God ! ( make sound ) alvy kiss Annie . int . night club . Annie , spotlighted onstage , stand in front of the microphone , smile . she look downward and sing " seem like Old Times . " the audience applaud loudly as the music fade out . annie ( laugh ) thank you . alvy sit at the bar , clap and stare at Annie as she walk over to he and sit down . the low murmur of the night club be surround they . alvy ( reacting ) you be - you be sensational . I mean , I - you know , I - I tell yuh that if yuh stick to it , you would be great , and - and , you know , I - I - you - you be sensational . annie ( look at alvy , smile ) yeah , well , we have the , I mean , they be just a terrific audience , I mean , you know , it make it really easy for I , because I can be ... huh ? tony , a famous record personality , push through the crowd , move toward alvy and Annie . a entourage follow he as he make he way to they table . tony Excuse I . he shake hand with Annie , smile . annie oh. tony hi , I be - I be tony lacey . annie well , hi ! tony uh , we just want to stop by and say that we really enjoy you set . annie ( laugh ) oh , yeah , really , oh ! tony I though it be ... very musical , and I like it a lot . annie oh , neat ... oh , that 's very nice , gosh , thanks a lot . tony be you ... be you recording ? or do - be you with any label now ? annie ( laugh ) no , no , no , not at all . tony uh , well , I would like to talk to you about that sometime , if you get a chance . seat alvy look the other way , reacting . annie oh . what about ? tony ... of possibly work together . annie ( look for the first time at alvy ) well , hey , that 's , that 's nice . uh. oh , listen , this be , uh , alvy Singer . do you know alvy ? uh ... and ... uh ... tony lacey . tony no , I do not - I do not know , but I - I know you work . I be a big fan of yours . tony reach over and shake hand with alvy . the nightclub crowd surround they all with they low chatter and cigarette smoke . alvy thank you very much . it 's a pleasure . tony ( turn to introduce he entourage ) this be , uh , shawn , and , uh ... Bob and petronia . annie hi. entourage hi. annie ( laugh ) hi , hi , Bob ... tony uh ... w- we be go back to the Pierre . we be stay at the Pierre ... and we be gonna meet Jack and angelica , and have a drink there , and ... if you would like to come , uh , we would love to have you . annie yeah . tony and we could just sit and talk ... nothing . uh , not a big deal , it 's just relax , just be very mellow . Annie and tony and he entourage turn to look at alvy . alvy ( finger to he mouth , reacting ) remember , we have that thing . annie what thing ? alvy ( stare at Annie and clear he throat ) do not you remember we- we - we discuss that thing that we be - annie ( overlap ) thing ? alvy ( overlap ) - yes , we have , uh ... annie ( look at alvy , reacting ) oh , the thing ! oh , the thing ... ( laugh ) ... yeah ... yeah . Annie turn , look at tony as he smile and gesture with he hand . tony oh , well , I - if it 's inconvenient , eh , we can not do it now ... that 's fine , too . w-w - with - we will do it another time . annie hey - tony maybe if you be on the Coast , we will get together and ... and we will meet there . he shake hand with Annie . annie ( reacting ) oh. tony it be a wonderful set . annie oh , gosh . tony ( smiling ) I really enjoy it . ( look at alvy ) Nice to have metcha . good night . entourage bye-bye . annie Nice to see you ... bye . yeah . bye . she turn and look at alvy . alvy ( reacting ) what 's ... you ... well , what 's the matter , you w-wanna go to that party ? annie ( look down at she hand , then up at alvy ) I do not know , I think it might be kind of fun , you know what I mean , it would be nice to meet some new people . alvy ( sigh ) I be just not ... you know , I do not think I could take a mellow eve - ' cause I - I do not respond well to mellow , you know what I mean , I - I have a tendency to ... if I get too mellow , I - I ripen and then rot . you know , and it 's - it 's not good for my ... ( make sound ) annie all right , all right , you do not wanna go to the party , so uh , whatta you wanna do ? int . movie theater . the screen be project the beginning of " the sorrow and the pity " : a street fill with flee car , belonging tie on top and pile in the back seat . subtitles pop on : " the jewish warmonger and parisian plutocrat try to flee with they gold and jewel " as a narrator explain in german . CUT to . Split screen : Annie and she psychiatrist on the leave ; alvy and he on the right . Annie , talk , sit in a white mold chair , as do she doctor . the office be very modern : stark , white and chrome . alvy , talk to he psychiatrist , lie on a deep leather sofa , the doctor seat away from he . this office look more like a well - wear de : bookcase overflow , dark wood . the dialogue be separate in each screen , though no one talk simultaneously . annie ( to she doctor ) that day in Brooklyn be the last day I remember really have a great time . alvy ( to he doctor ) well , we never have any laugh anymore , be the problem . annie well , I have be moody and dissatisfied . alvy' psychiatrist how often do you sleep together ? anniee psychiatrist do you have sex often ? alvy hardly ever . maybe three time a week . annie constantly ! I would say three time a week . like the other night , alvy want to have sex . alvy she would not sleep with I the other night , you know , it 's - annie and ... I do not know ... I mean , six month ago I - I woulda do it . I woulda do it , just to please he . alvy I mean ... I try everything , you know , I - I - I put on soft music and my - my red light bulb , and ... annie but the thing be - I mean , since we discussion here , I feel I have a right to my own feeling . I think you woulda be happy because ... uh , uh , I really assert myself . alvy the incredible thing about it be , I be pay for she analysis and she 's make progress and I be get screw . annie I do not know , though , I feel so guilty because alvy be pay for it , so , you know , so I do feel guilty if I do not go to bed with he . but if I do go to bed with he , it 's like I be go against my own feeling . I do not know I - I can not win . alvy ( simultaneously , with Annie ) you know ... it 's get expensive ... my analyst ... for she analyst . she - she 's make progress and I be not make any progress . her progress be defeat my progress . annie ( simultaneously , with alvy ) sometimes I think - sometimes I think I should just live with a woman . CUT to : int . apartment alvy and Annie sit close together on the sofa in some friend ' apartment . they friend , another couple , stand behind the sofa in the background . excite , they talk almost all at once . woman friend wow , I do not believe it ... you mean to tell I you guy have never snort coke ? annie well , I always want to try , you know , but , uh , alvy , uh ... he 's very down on it . alvy hey , do not put it on I . you ko - wh-what be it , I do not wanna put a wad of white powder in my nose ' cause the - the nasal membrane ... they all start talk at once . annie you never wanna try anything new , alvy . alvy ( count on he finger ) how can you say that ? I mean , ( make sound ) who say I - I - I - I say that you , I and that girl from you act class should sleep together in a threesome . annie ( reacting ) that 's sick ! alvy yeah , I know it 's sick , but it 's new . you know , you do not say it could not be sick . Annie laugh , chatter . woman friend just come on , alvy . ( all four be now sit on the sofa . the male friend start to prepare line of cocaine ; alvy and Annie look at each other , reacting ) do you body a favor . try it , come on . alvy oh , yeah ? annie yeah . come on . it would be fun . alvy ( move forward on the couch ) oh , I be sure it 's a lot of fun , ' cause the Inca do it , you know , and - and they - they - they be a million laugh . annie ( laugh ) alvy , come on , for you own experience . I mean , you wanna write , why not ? male friend it 's great stuff , alvy . friend of mine just bring it in from California . annie oh , do you know something - I do not tell yuh , we be go to California next week . girl oh , really ? annie yeah ... alvy ... I be thrilled . as you know , uh ... uh , on my agent 's advice I sell out , and I be gonna do a appearance on tv . annie ( interrupt ) no , no , no that 's not it at all . alvy 's give a award on television . gee , he talk like he 's violate a moral issue sit here . girl you be kid ? alvy it 's so phony , and we have to leave New York during Christmas week , which really kill I . man ( interrupt ) alvy , listen , while you be in California , could you possibly score some coke for I ? Annie laugh . alvy ( over Annie 's laughter ) sure , sure , I will be glad to . i- I will just put it in a-a - a h-h-hollow heel that I have in my boot , you know . ( alvy pick up the small open gold case of cocaine base the man place on the coffee table and look at it , reacting ) h-h- how much be this stuff ? man it 's about two thousand dollar a ounce . annie God . alvy really ? and what be the kick of it ? because I never ... he put he finger into the drug , smell it and then sneeze . the powder blow all over the room as the man , woman and Annie react silently . CUT to : california . beverly hill street-day it 's a warm , beautiful day . Rob , Annie and alvy in Rob 's convertible be move past the spacious house , the palm tree . the sunlight reflect off the car . Annie , excited , be take the whole place in . background voice sing Christmas carol . voice ( sing ) we wish you a merry Christmas , we wish you a merry Christmas , we wish you a merry Christmas , and a - happy New Year . rob ( over the sing ) I have never be so relaxed as I have be since I move out here , Max . I want you to see my house . I live right next to Hugh hefner 's house , Max . he let I use the jacuzzi . and the woman , Max , they be like the woman in playboy magazine , only they can move they arm and leg . annie ( laugh ) you know , I can not get over that this be really beverly Hills . voice ( sing ) we wish you a merry Christmas , and a happy New Year . alvy yeah , the architecture be really consistent , be not it ? french next to - voice ( sing over the dialogue ) oh , Christmas ... tree , oh , Christmas tree , how bright and green we ... alvy - Spanish , next to tudor , next to japanese . annie God , it 's so clean out here . alvy it 's that they do not throw they garbage away . they make it into television show . rob aw , come on , Max , give we a break , will yuh ? it 's Christmas . Annie start snap picture of the view . alvy can you believe this be Christmas here ? voice ( sing ) oh Christmas tree , oh Christmas tree ... they pass a large house with spacious lawn . sitting on the lawn be a Santa Claus complete with sleigh and reindeer . voice continue to sing Christmas carol ; Annie continue to take picture . annie you know , it be snow - it be snow and really gray in New York yesterday . rob no kid ? alvy right -well , Santa Claus will have sunstroke . rob Max , there 's no crime , there 's no mugging . alvy there 's no economic crime , you know , but there 's - there 's ritual , religious - cult murder , you know , there 's wheat - germ killer out here . rob while you be out here , Max , I want you to see some of my tv show . and we be invite to a big Christmas party . they continue drive , now in a less residential area , pass a hot - dog stand . " tail - pup " concession ; people mill about eat hot dog . voice ( sing , louder now ) remember Christ we savior be bear on Christmas day to save we all ... from Satan 's power as we be go astray . they pass a theater , the marquee announce " House of exorcism messiah of evil . rate R. start at 7:15 . " int . tv control room . several monitor line the wall in front of a elaborate console . Rob and alvy , along with Charlie , the technician , stand in the small room watch the screen show Rob as a television star on a situation comedy . they chatter , analyze the footage , over the sound of the tape television comedy . alvy ( overlap the chatter ) oh . rob look , now , Charlie , give I a big laugh here . rob on tv screen a limousine to the track breakdown ? rob ( watch ) a little bigger . tv monitor go black as the technician turn of the monitor to fix the laugh track . alvy do you realize how immoral this all be ? rob Max , I have get a hit series . alvy yeah , I know ; but you be add fake laugh . technician turn the monitor back on , show Rob on the screen with another character , arnie . arnie oh , I be sorry . rob on tv screen arnie . arnie yeah . rob ( turn to the technician ) give I a tremendous laugh here , Charlie . alvy look , uh ... loud laughter from the tv monitor . rob ( to alvy ) we do the show live in front of a audience . alvy great , but nobody laugh at it ' cause you joke be not funny . rob yeah , well , that 's why this machine be dynamite . rob on tv screen you better lie down . you have be in the sun too long . rob ( to the technician ) yeah ... uh , now give I a like a medium - size chuckle here ... and then a big hand . the sound of laughter and applause be hear from the tv . alvy ( removing he glass and rub he face ) be there boo on there ? the monitor show a woman on the screen . woman we be just gonna fix you up with my cousin dolore . alvy ( overlap the tv ) oh , Max , I do not feel well . rob what 's the matter ? alvy I do not know , I just get - I get very dizzy ... ( cough ) I feel dizzy , Max . rob well , sit down . alvy ( sitting down ) oh , Jesus . rob you all right ? alvy I do not know , I mean , I - rob ( crouch before alvy , look at he ) you wanna lie down ? alvy no , no -my , you know , my stomach feel queasy all morning . I just start get ... rob how about a ginger ale ? alvy oh , Max ... no , I maybe I better lie down . int . HOTEL room . alvy lie in bed , one elbow propped up , a doctor sit next to he look concerned . the doctor bold out a plate of chicken ; alvy listlessly stare at it . Annie , in the background , be on the phone . annie ( talk into the phone ) yes . doctor ( holding out the food ) why do not you just try to get a little of this down ? this be just plain chicken . alvy ( take a piece of chicken and hold it ) oh , oh , no , I can not - I can not eat this . I be nauseous . ( he gasp and make sound ) if you could - if you could just give I something to get I through the next two hour , you know I - I have to go out to burbank ... and give out a award on a tv show . annie ( on the phone , overlap the doctor and alvy ) well ... h-h huh ... oh , good ... yes , I will tell he . doctor well , there 's nothing wrong with you actually , so far as I can tell . I mean , you have no fever , no ... no symptom of anything serious . you have not be eat pork or shellfish . Annie bang up and move over to alvy . annie ( sitting on the edge of the bed ) Excuse I . I be sorry , I be sorry , Doctor . uh , alvy - alvy , that be the show . they say everything be fine . they find a replacement , so they be go to tape without you . alvy ( make sound ) I be nauseous . ( he sigh and gasp ) oh , jesus , now I do not get to do the tv show ? reacting , alvy put up he band in disgust , then start eat the piece of chicken he have be hold . the doctor and Annie watch he , reacting . annie yeah . listen , Doctor , I be worried . doctor now , Mrs. Singer , I can not find anything -- alvy Christ ! annie nothing at all ? doctor no , I think I can get a lab man up here . alvy ( grabbing the rest of the chicken from the plate ) oh , jesus . can I have the salt , please ? annie what do you mean ? do you think he 's - doctor ( handing the salt to alvy ) yes , excuse I . ( to Annie ) perhaps it would be even better if we take he to the hospital for a day or two . alvy begin to eat . annie uh-huh ... oh , hospital ? doctor well , otherwise , there 's no real way to tell what 's go on . alvy ( make sound , gasp ) this be not bad , actually . ext . beverly hill STREET residential area - day Rob , Annie and alvy in Rob 's car pull into a long circular driveway as a attendant walk over to the car . a sprawling house be see to the right ; a couple move toward the front door , and the driveway be crowded with other park car . loud music be hear . alvy ( get out of the car ) hey , do not tell I we be gonna hafta walk from the car to the house . geez , my foot have not touch pavement since I reach Los Angeles . int . house a Hollywood Christmas party be in session , complete with music , milling people , circulate waiter bold out trays of drink . it 's all very casual . french door run the entire width of one wall ; they be open to the back lawn , guest move from the room to outside and back in . it be crowded ; bit of conversation and clinking glass can be hear . two man , California -tanne , stand by the french door talk . 1st man well , you take a meeting with he , I will take a meeting with you if you will take a meeting with freddy . 2 nd man I take a meeting with freddy . freddy take a meeting with Charlie . you take a meeting with he . 1st man all the good meeting be take . CUT to : full group shot a man stand talk , people in group behind he . two bear like gadget be attach to he shoulder ; he 's wear a bizarre space costume . 3rd man right now it 's only a notion , but I think I can get money to make it into a concept ... and later turn it into a idea . CUT to : alvy and Rob stand near the french door lead to the back lawn , eat and drink and watch the people walk in and out of the house . rob you like this house , Max ? alvy m'hm . rob I even bring a road map to get we to the bathroom . alvy whee , you shoulda tell I it be tony lacey 's party . rob what difference do that make ? alvy look into the room , where Annie and tony lacey be have a animated conversation . alvy I think he have a little thing for Annie . rob oh , no , no , that 's bullshit , Max . he go with that girl over there . alvy where ? Rob nod he head toward a tall woman dress all in white converse with a group of people close - by . rob the one with the v.p.l. alvy v.p.l .? rob visible panty line . Max , she be gorgeous . alvy yeah , she 's a ten , Max , and that 's great for you because you be - you be use to twos , be not you ? rob there be no twos , Max . alvy yeah , you be use to the kind with the- with the shopping bag walk through Central Park with the surgical mask on mutter . rob m'hm . alvy and ... uh - rob ( interrupt ) how do you like this couple , Max ? a couple move over toward Rob and alvy . the man 's arm be around the woman ; they stand very close . in the background , Annie and tony be still talk . rob and I think they just come back from Masters and Johnson . alvy yeah , intensive care ward . ( watch the woman in white ) my god-hey , Max , I think she 's ... I think she 's give I the eye . as Rob and alvy observe the guest , the woman in white start walk toward they . rob if she come over here , Max , my brain be go to turn into guacamole . alvy I will handle it . I will handle it . hi. girl in white you be alvy Singer , right ? do not we meet at EST ? alvy ( reacting ) EST ? no , no , I be never to est . girl in white then how can you criticize it ? alvy oh. rob oh , he - he do not say anything . alvy ( laugh ) no , no , I come out here to get some shock therapy , but there be a energy crisis , so I ... he 's my - my food taster . have you two meet ? rob ( shake he head ) hi. how do you do . girl in white do you taste to see if the food 's poison ? alvy yeah , he 's crazy . the girl in white laugh . alvy ( look at Rob and the girl ) hey , you guy be wearin ' white . it must be in the star . rob yeah . right . alvy uri geller must be on the premise someplace . rob we be gonna operate together . Rob and the girl walk of together as the camera move in on tony and Annie stand by the buffet table . tony we just need about six week , in about six week we could cut a whole album . annie I do not know , this be strange to I , you know . tony just ... that 's all you need . you can come and stay here . annie oh. tony there 's a whole wing in this house . annie ( laugh ) oh yeah , stay here ? u-huh . tony you can have it to use . why - why be you smile ? annie ( laugh ) I do not know . I do not know . she pick up a hor doeuvre . CUT to : the two man still talk about meeting surround by other group of people milling about . 1st man not only be he a great agent , but he really give good meeting . 2 nd man m'mm . tony , band in band with the girl in white , be leave the party room with alvy and Annie to show they the rest of the house . tony this be a great house , really . everything . saunas , jacuzzis , three tennis court . you know who the original owner be ? Nelson eddy , then leg diamond . then you know who live here ? alvy trigger . Annie and the girl in white laugh . tony Charlie chaplin . alvy hey . tony right before he un - american thing . they stop in a den-like screen room . a man be slouched back on one of the comfortable sofa that fill the room . it be much quieter in here ; a contrast to the noise and crowd downstairs . alvy yeah , this place be great . annie yeah . tony uh , you guy be still - uh , you be still New yorker . alvy yeah , I love it there . annie ( laugh ) yeah . tony well , I use to live there . I use to live there for year . you know , but it 's get - it 's so dirty now . annie yeah . alvy I be into garbage . it 's my thing . annie Boy , this be really a nice screen room . it 's really a nice room . tony oh , and there 's another thing about New York . see ... you - you wanna see a movie , you have to stand in a long line . annie yeah . tony it could be freezing , it could be raining . annie yeah . tony and here , you just - girl in white we see " Grand illusion " here last night . alvy and annie ( in unison ) oh , yeah ? man on the sofa ( look over he shoulder at the group ) that 's a great film if you be high . ( the group laugh , look down at the man on the sofa . he look up at they , smile , a joint in he hand , and offer they a cigarette ) hey , you . tony ( shake he head no ) come and see we bedroom . we do a fantastic lighting job . okay ? annie oh , good . okay . alvy I be cool . tony and the girl in white leave the room , Annie and alvy follow . annie ( take alvy 's arm ) it 's wonderful . I mean , you know they just watch movie all day . alvy yeah , and gradually you get old and die . you know it 's important to make a little effort once in a while . annie do not you think he girl friend 's beautiful ? alvy yeah , she 's get a great - lookin ' fa- a pat on the androgynous side . but it 's ... they pass a man talk on the phone in the hallway . man on the phone yeah , yeah . I forget my mantra . as they come down stair the party be still in big gear . people be looser now ; conversation be more animated , some talk quietly in more intimate corner , some couple be dance . alvy stand alone sip a drink near the huge Christmas tree . a tall woman , pass by , shake he hand , then leave . he continue to sip he drink , alone , watch tony and Annie in the center of the room dance . the screen show a plane in flight , Los Angeles far below , then : CUT to : airplane . int . airplane Annie and alvy sit , the stewardess behind they serve other passenger . Annie stare out the window bold a coffee cup ; alvy read . both be preoccupy , think they own thought . anniee voice - over ( to herself ) that be fun . I do not think California be bad at all . it 's a drag come home . alvy' voice - over ( to himself ) lotta beautiful woman . it be fun to flirt . anniee voice - over ( as she sip coffee ) I have to face fact . i- I adore alvy , but we relationship do not seem to work anymore . alvy' voice - over ( a open magazine lie in he lap ) I will have the usual trouble with Annie in bed tonight . whatta I need this ? anniee voice -over if only I have the nerve to break up , but it would really hurt he . alvy' voice -over if only I do not feel guilty ask Annie to move out . it would probably wreck she . but I should be honest . he look over at Annie . annie ( look back at alvy ) alvy , uh , let 's face it . you know something , do not think we relationship be work . alvy tsch , I know . a relationship , I think , be - be like a shark , you know ? it have to constantly move forward or it die . ( he sigh ) and I think what we get on we hand ( clear he throat ) be a dead shark . int . alvy' live room -day a light Christmas tree stand in the middle of box , book , and the general disarray of pack and figure out what belong to whom as alvy help Annie move out . alvy ( holding up a book ) whose " catcher in the Rye " be this ? annie ( walk into the room with a armload of book ) well , let 's see now ... if it have my name on it , then I guess it 's mine . alvy ( reacting ) oh , it sure have ... you know , you write you name in all my book , ' cause you know this day be gonna come . annie ( put down the book and flipping back she hair ) well , uh , alvy , you want to break up just as much as I do . alvy ( riffling through the book ) there 's no - no question in my mind . I think we be do the mature thing , without any doubt . annie ( holding a frame picture and move about ) now , look , all the book on death and die be yours and all the poetry book be mine . alvy ( look down at a book ) this " denial of death " . you remember this ? annie oh - alvy this be the first book that I get you . Annie go over to alvy . they both look down at the book ; the fireplace , burn nicely , be behind they . annie - God . alvy remember that day ? annie right . geez , I feel like there 's a great weight off my back . m'mmm . alvy thanks , honey . annie ( pat alvy 's shoulder ) oh , no , no , no , no , no . I mean , you know , no , no , no , I mean , I think it 's really important for we to explore new relationship and stuff like that . she walk away . alvy there 's no - there 's no question about that , ' cause we have give this ... uh , uh , I think a more than fair shot , you know ? he toss the book into the carton . annie ( off screen ) yeah , my analyst think this move be keen for I . alvy ( off screen ) yeah , and I - I tru - you know , I trust she , because my - my analyst recommend she . annie ( walk in with another armload of book ) well , why should I put you through all my mood and hang - up anyway ? alvy right . and you - and you know what the beauty part be ? annie what ? alvy ( holding a small box of button ) we can always come back together again . because there 's no - there 's no problem . ' Cause ... right . annie ( overlap ) exactly , but ... exactly . ooooh ! alvy you know , I - I - I do not think many couple could handle this . you know , they could just break up and remain friend . annie ( take a button from a box ) hey , this one 's mine , this button . this one , you rem - alvy ( interrupt ) yeah . annie I guess this be all yours . impeach , uh , eisenhower ... impeach Nixon ... impeach lyndon Johnson ... impeach Ronald Reagan . ext . new york CITY STREET -day people milling about on the sidewalk as alvy walk out of a store and move toward the foreground . alvy ( into the camera , to the audience ) I miss Annie . I make a terrible mistake . a couple , walk down the street , stop as the man talk to alvy . man on the STREET she 's live in Los Angeles with tony lacey . alvy oh , yeah ? well , if she be , then the hell with she ! if she like that lifestyle , let she live there ! he 's a jerk , for one thing . man on the STREET he graduate Harvard . alvy yeah . he may - listen , Harvard make mistake too , you know . kissinger teach there . the couple stroll away as a older woman walk up to alvy while other walk by . old woman do not tell I you be jealous ? alvy yeah , jealous . a little bit like medea . lemme , lemme-can I show you something , lady ? ( he take a small item from he pocket to show the woman ) what I have here ... I find this in the apartment . Black soap . she use to wash she face eight hundred time a day with black soap . do not ask I why . old woman well , why do not you go out with other woman ? alvy well , I - I try , but it 's , uh , you know , it 's very depress . recent flashback - int . alvy' country kitchen alvy 's arm and leg fill the screen as he slowly get up from the floor bold up a live lobster . he put it on a grill tray . alvy ( point to the lobster ) this always happen to I . Quick , g- go get a broom . his date , a girl wear short short , lean against the sink and light a cigarette . she make no move to help . girl date ( smoke ) what be you make such a big deal about ? ( as she talk , the lobster drop from the tray to the floor . alvy jump away , then gingerly scrape the tray toward the lobster ) they be only lobster . look , you be a grow man , you know how to pick up a lobster . alvy ( look up in stoop - over position ) I be not myself since I stop smoking . girl date ( still lean against the sink , she hand on she hip ) oh , when would you quit smoking ? he get up of the floor with the lobster on the tray . alvy sixteen year ago . girl date ( puzzle ) whatta you mean ? alvy ( mock ) mean ? girl date you stop smoking sixteen year ago , be that what you say ? oh , I - I do not understand . be you joke , or what ? CUT to : a solitary alvy walk along the FDR drive where he have walk with Annie . - the New York skyline be still in the background , the sea gull go by , the fog horn blow . he walk slowly , move off screen . int . alvy' bedroom - day alvy sit on he bed talk on the phone . alvy listen , honey , Central Park 's turn green ... yeah , I sa - I see that lunatic that we- where we use to see ... with the , uh , uh , pinwheel hat and , you know , and the roller skate ? . . . listen , i- I want you to come back here ... well , I - I - then I be gonna come out there and getcha . CUT to : a airborne plane . CUT to : ext . los angele airport . people milling about as alvy , in the outside phone- booth center , talk . alvy whatta you mean , where be I ? where do - where do you think I be ? I be - I be out ... I be at the Los Angeles Airport . I fly in ... ( sniffle ) tsch , I - well , I fly in to see you ... ( muttering ) hey , listen , can we not debate this on - on the telephone because I be , you know , I - I feel that I get a temperature and I be - I be get my - my chronic Los Angeles nausea . i- I do not feel so good . alvy 's conversation be still hear as the screen show he behind the wheel of a car on a busy street ; he cause a near- accident by jerk the car too slowly toward a intersection . alvy' voice -over well , where - wherever you wanna meet , I do not care . I will - I will drive in . I rent a car I be drive ... that ... whatta you mean ? what - why be that such a miracle ? I be drive myself -- ext . outdoor caf '' - day people sit at umbrellae table with checker tablecloth at a sunset boulevard outdoor cafe . Street traffic go by while they dine . there 's a mild California breeze . the restaurant be somewhat crowded as alvy make he way around the table look about . he finally sit down at a empty table ; nearby sit a woman with a young man . a waitress bring alvy a menu and wait for he order . alvy ( to the waitress ) I be gonna ... I be gonna have the alfalfa sprout and , uh , a plate of mashed yeast . Annie , wear a flower dress and wide hat , move into view . alvy , notice she , watch as she walk over to he table . he rise and they shake hand . annie hi. alvy wipe at he nose as he stare . he smile , the street traffic move behind he . Annie smile back . alvy you look very pretty . annie oh , no , I just lose a little weight , that 's all . ( alvy adjust he glass , not exactly know where to start ; a bit uneasy ) well , you look nice . alvy ( nodding he head ) you see , I - I have be think about it and I think that we should get marry . annie ( adjusting she sunglass ) oh , alvy , come on . alvy why ? you wanna live out here all year ? it 's like live in munchkin land . annie ( look around ) well , whatta you mean ? I mean , it 's perfectly fine out here . I mean , tony 's very nice and , uh , well , I meet people and I go to party and - and we play tennis . I mean , that 's ... that 's a very big step for I , you know ? I mean ... ( reacting , alvy look down at he hand , then up ) I be able to enjoy people more . alvy ( sadly ) so whatta you ... you be not gonna come back to New York ? annie ( smiling ) what 's so great about New York ? I mean , it 's a die city . you read " death in Venice . " alvy hey , you do not read " death in Venice " till I buy it for yuh . annie that 's right , that 's right . ( still smile ) you only give I book with the word " death " in the title . alvy ( nodding he head and gesture ) that 's right , ' cause it 's a important issue . annie alvy , you be incapable of enjoy life , you know that ? I mean , you life be New York City . you be just this person . you be like this island unto yourself . alvy ( toying with he car key ) I can not enjoy anything unless I ... unless everybody be . i- you know , if one guy be starve someplace , that 's ... you know , I - I ... it put a crimp in my evening . ( look down at he hand , sadly ) so wanna get marry or what ? annie ( seriously ) no . we be friend . I wanna remain friend . alvy ( in disbelief ) okay . ( louder , to the waitress ) check , please . can I - can I ... can I ... can I ... annie ( interrupt ) you be mad , be not you ? alvy ( shake he head ) no . ( then nodd ) yes , of course I be mad , because you love I , I know that . annie alvy , I can not say that that 's true at this point in my life . I really just can not say that that 's true . I mean , you know how wonderful you be . I mean , you know ... you be the reason that I get outta my room and that I be able to sing , and - and - and , you know , get more in touch with my feeling and all that crap . anyway , look , I do not wanna - listen , listen , listen , uh ( laugh ) h'h , so whatta you up to anyway , huh ? alvy ( shrugge he shoulder ) the usual , you know . uh , tryi not ' write . I be workin ' on a play . ( sigh ) Jesus . so whatta yuh say ? that you be not comin ' back to New York with I ? he nod he head in disbelief . annie ( nodding ) no! ( pause ) look , I gotta go . she start to rise . alvy you mean that ... ( he get up and start follow she past diner at other table ) i- I - I - I fly three thousand mile to see you . annie I be late . alvy Air mile , you know . I mean , you know what that do to my stomach ? they move down the step of the cafe ' toward the parking lot . annie if you must know , it 's a hectic time for tony . the grammy be tonight . alvy the what ? annie the grammy . he 's get a lotta record up for award . alvy you mean they give award for that kind o' music ? annie oh ! alvy I think just earplug . Annie get into she car . alvy move over to he rent convertible . annie just forget it , alvy , okay ? let 's just forget the conversation . she close the door , start the motor . alvy ( yelling after she ) Award ! they do nothing but give out award ! I can not believe it . greatest , great fascist dictator , Adolf Hitler ! Annie drive away . alvy get behind the wheel , start the motor . put the car in gear , he inadvertently move forward , hit a bunch of trash can with a loud crash . put the car in reverse , alvy notice a beige car that have just turn into the parking lot . for a brief moment , the screen show a flashback of the bumper - car ride at the Brooklyn amusement park . alvy 's father be on the platform direct traffic ; young alvy be in a small car bump other right and leave . alvy , hack in the parking lot , back up he convertible , purposefully smash the side of the beige car as another flashback of bumper - car ride appear , this time - as , alvy 's father direct traffic -a Marine in a small car bit the back end of a soldier 's car , and alvy , back in the parking lot , move he car over to another park car and bit it full force . another flashback appear . people in the small car really racing around the track now , bump into one another over and over again , alvy 's father direct the flow , as the film cut back to the parking lot , where alvy reverse the convertible and ram it into the front end of yet another car . he sit behind the wheel as people rush out of various car and as siren start blaring , come closer and closer , stop finally as a motorcycle cop get off beside alvy 's car and walk over to he . alvy ( get out of the car ) Officer , I know what you be gonna say . I be - I be not a great driver , you know , I - I have some problem with - with - with - officer ( interrupt ) May I see you license , please ? alvy sure . ( search , he finally fish he license out of he pocket ) just do not - do not get angry , you know what I mean ? ' Cause I - I have - I have my - my license here . you know , it 's a rent car . and I have ... he drop the license and it fall to the ground . officer do not give I you life story ( look at the piece of paper on the ground ) - just pick up the license . alvy pick up the license . you have to ask nicely ' cause I have have a extremely rough day . you know , my girl friend - officer ( interrupt ) just give I the license , please . alvy since you put it that way . ( he laugh ) it 's hard for I to refuse . ( he lean over , pick up the license , then proceed to rip it up . he let the piece go ; they float to the ground ) ... have a , I have a terrific problem with authority , you know . I be ... it 's not you fault . do not take it personal . CUT to : int . jail -cell corridor . a guard move down the ball to the cell where , alvy stand with other inmate . he unlock the door and open it , let alvy out . alvy so long , fella . keep in touch . he walk down the corridor off screen . ext . a STREET in front of the court house - day policeman be walk up and down the courthouse step as alvy and Rob move out the door of the building , down the step to the street . rob imagine my surprise when I get you call , Max . alvy ( carry he jacket over he shoulder ) yeah . I have the feel that I get you at a bad moment . you know , I hear high - pitch squealing . they walk over to Rob 's convertible and get in . rob ( start the car ) twin , Max . sixteen - year-old . can you imagine the mathematical possibility ? alvy ( reacting ) you be a actor , Max . you should be do Shakespeare in the Park . rob oh , I do Shakespeare in the Park , Max . I get mug . I be play Richard the second and two guy with leather jacket steal my leotard . he put on a elaborate helmet and goggle . alvy ( look at Rob 's helmet ) Max , be we drive through plutonium ? rob keeps out the alpha ray , Max . you do not get old . CUT to : int . rehearsal hall of a theater . a actor and actress sit on hard wooden chair in a sparse rehearsal ball . they face each other . the actress resemble Annie ; the actor , alvy . actor you be a think person . how can you choose this lifestyle ? actress what be so incredibly great about New York ? it 's a die city ! you - you read " death in Venice " . actor you do not read " death in Venice " till I give it to you ! actress well , you only give I book with the word " death " in the title . the camera pull back , show alvy sit with two man at a table set up near the actor . a mirror , run the whole width of the wall , reflect the two actor , a script lie on the table between they . it be obvious now that they be rehearse a scene that alvy write . actor ( in mirrore reflection ) it 's a important issue . actress ( in mirrore reflection ) alvy , you be totally incapable of enjoy life . the camera move back to actual actor and actress . actress you be like New York . you be a island . actor ( rising with emotion ) okay , if that 's all that we have be through together mean to you , I guess it 's better if we just say goodbye , once and for all ! you know , it 's funny , after all the serious talk and passionate moment that it end here ... in a health - food restaurant on sunset boulevard . Goodbye , sunny . the actor begin to leave as the actress jump up from she chair . actress wait ! I be - I be gonna ... go with you . ( the actor come back . they embrace ) I love you . the camera cut to alvy , who turn and look straight into the camera . alvy ( to the audience , gesture ) tsch , whatta you want ? it be my first play . you know , you know how you be always tryin ' t' get thing to come out perfect in art because , uh , it 's real difficult in life . interestingly , however , I do run into Annie again . it be on the Upper West side of Manhattan . Annie , sing " seem like Old Times , " overlap alvy 's speech and continue over the next scene , where alvy , stand in front of a Manhattan theater , shake hand with Annie and she escort . the theater marquee read " ophul prize film : ' the sorrow and the pity ' . " alvy' voice ( over the theater scene and , Annie 's sing ) she have move back to New York . she be live in soho with some guy . ( laugh ) and when I meet she she be , of all thing , drag he in to see " the sorrow and the pity . " which I count as a personal triumph . Annie and I ... ( alvy 's voice continue over the scene shot through a window of Manhattan cafe show alvy and Annie sit at a table , laugh and enjoy themselves ) ... we have lunch sometime after that , and , uh , just , uh , kick around old time . a series of flashback follow in quick succession while Annie continue to sing : Annie and alvy go up the FDR drive , the day they meet play tennis , Annie drive , alvy bold up partially eat sandwich . Annie and alvy in the hampton house kitchen , Annie band a live lobster to alvy , who drop it in the pot on the stove . Annie and alvy walk side by side by the shoreline . alvy at the tennis club , pack he bag , as he look over he shoulder and see Annie , hand on she face , then clap , as she offer he a ride home in she car . Annie open the door to alvy the night he come over to kill the spider ; Annie and , alvy in the bookstore buy the " death " title ; Annie and , alvy in they hampton house , Annie read a school catalogue , the night alvy put in the red light . the memory continue to flash on the screen : Annie and alvy at a friend 's house , alvy blow the cocaine all over the sofa ; Annie and alvy play tennis ; Annie and alvy have a picture take backstage at the college performance in Annie 's hometown ; alvy bold Annie close , the night he come over to kill the spider . and continue : Annie carry she luggage and clothes into alvy 's bedroom , alvy follow , the day she first move into he apartment . Annie hold up she sexy birthday present from alvy , then lean over and kissing he ; Annie and alvy walk down a city street , hold each other close ; sit on the park bench , observe the people ; and kissing , on the FDR drive , the New York City skyline behind they . the music stop . returning to the present , the camera , focus through the cafe window , show Annie and alvy across street . they look about at the city traffic . lunch be over ; it 's time . alvy and Annie shake hand and kiss each other friendly like . Annie cross the street , alvy watch she go . then he turn , and slowly walk down the street off screen . his voice be hear over the scene : alvy' voice -over after that it get pretty late . and we both hadda go , but it be great see Annie again , right ? I realize what a terrific person she be and - and how much fun it be just know she and I - I think of that old joke , you know , this - this - this guy go to a psychiatrist and say , " Doc , uh , my brother 's crazy . he think he 's a chicken . " and , uh , the doctor say , " well , why do not you turn he in ? " and the guy say , " I would , but I need the egg . " well , I guess that 's pretty much how how I foot about relationship . you know , they be totally irrational and crazy and absurd and ... but , uh , I guess we keep goin ' through it because , uh , most of we need the egg . the end dissolves into : black background ; credit pop on and off in white .