annihilation Alex garland v.10 OPEN on - ext . outer space - blackness , and star . in the star , a lump of rock and ice , move through space , leave a trail of dust and ice crystal . lock deep inside the ice , blue-green iridescence . rotate around the meteor , to reveal - - the moon . float past the bone- white orb , over the Sea of tranquility , to reveal - - Earth . Blue -green jewel . Race towards the planet . start to blaze as we hit the atmosphere . lighting up like phosphorus . cuT to - ext . outer atmosphere - night - the meteor burn in the outer atmosphere of Earth . the integrity of the rock and ice suddenly give way . the body fragment . cuT to - ext . lower atmosphere - night - the meteor fragment separate , drift away . most piece burn away to nothing . until there be only one . Racing down towards the ocean . on which we find a coast line . and then a lighthouse . ext . lighthouse - night the meteor have almost burn to nothing before it impact . what be a vast lump of extraterrestrial rock be now barely a ember . a spark . then it hit the ground by the lighthouse ... «+. grilling into the earth like a bullet hole . cur to - - a alien form . a creature from another world . it have tendril . it shimmer with iridescent colour . it have immense fractal complexity in its shape . and it 's move . gently , like a sea anemone in a swell . beat pass . then we hear a woman 's voice . woman ( 0.s. ) this be a cell . as we watch , the alien creature start to divide . woman ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) like all cell , it derive from a exist cell . the creature be now half - way through the division , separate into a mirror of itself . woman ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) by extension , all cell be ultimately derive from one cell . a single organism , alone on planet Earth , perhaps alone in the universe , about four billion year ago . the creature complete its division . immediately its two halve start the same process again . woman ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) one become two . two become four . then eight . sixteen . thirty two . ( more ) woman ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the rhythm of the divide pair , which become the structure of every microbe , blade of grass , sea creature , land creature , and human . the structure of everything that life - cuT to - int . johns hopkin medical school / seminar room - day - lena keran . thirty year old . recently complete she doctorate , now teach a seminar class of first - year medical student . lena - and everything that die . beat . lena ( cont 'd ) as student of medicine , as the doctor of tomorrow , that 's where you come in . she gesture to the screen behind she - which show the electron microscope image that we have be watch . lena ( cont 'd ) the cell you have be look at be from a tumour . female patient , early thirty , take from she cervix . over the course of the come term ... lena pause . a couple of the mo student look up from they note-take , aware of the silence - - and see that they tutor have be momentarily distract . her head be turn to the window - - where outside , above the tree top , a full moon hang in the blue sky . the image of the moon in daylight be gently surreal . arrest , because the sky be so cloudless and clear . almost absently , lena 's hand go to she neck , and she finger lightly touch a silver locket that hang from a slender chain . as the silence extend , the student exchange a glance . then lena 's focus return . become aware she have zone out . lena ( cont 'd ) .-- Excuse I . she pick up the thread . lena ( cont 'd ) over the course of the come term , we will be closely examine this cancer cell in vitro , and observe autophagic activity . ext . johns hopkin medical school / campus - day lena walk across the campus . a man in he forty jog up to she . daniel maitland . daniel lena . lena Dan . lena do not break stride , so he fall in beside she . daniel I keep look for you at lunch , but you never seem to be around . lena I have be catch up on some write . daniel all work and no play . it 's not healthy . lena keep walk . daniel ( cont 'd ) I want to ask . do you have plan Saturday ? lena ... Saturday . daniel Sarah and I have a few people come over . a garden party , while the weather hold . lena give the neutral frown of someone prepping a polite excuse . lena you mean this Saturday ? daniel yes . lena actually , I do have something plan . daniel be you sure ? I think it will bea lot of fun . we have ask amir and Jenny , and - lena ( cut in ) thanks , Dan . I appreciate it . but I be go to paint we bedroom . lena correct herself immediately . lena ( cont 'd ) the bedroom . daniel look at lena . daniel it 's be a year , lena . you be allow to come to a barbecue . daniel reach out . catch lena 's arm . stop she . daniel ( cont 'd ) it 's not a betrayal . not a insult to he memory . beat . lena I be go to paint the bedroom . daniel give way . remove he hand . daniel Home improvement . lena smile perfunctorily . lena yes . ext . suburb - day Bright , flat sunlight push through tree top . a broad road . detach house . Green lawn . two child on push-bike glide down the sidewalk . int . house - continuous a quiet house . stillness in the room . photograph in the bedroom show a couple . lena , with a man in he early thirty . kane . kane be a soldier . image show he in uniform , with comrade , in a baked landscape of rock and dust . he smile easily at the camera . full of life in this freeze snapshot . one of the image show a wedding . lena in white . the couple embrace . another show the couple in verona . perhaps the honeymoon . int . house / live room - continuous lena sit on the sofa . leg curl beneath she . in one hand , she hold she silver locket . it 's open . Inside be a photo of kane . she gaze at it . we can feel lena 's effort to modulate she breathe . inhaling and exhaling through parte lip . less control , tear spill down she face . down she cheek and neck . into the corner of she mouth . title : annihilation then , into the quiet and stillness , music intrude . cuT to - int . house / garage - day - the garage . full of dust and box and junk . lena pull stuff from shelf . on a mission . search for a particular half - collapse cardboard box . Inside : tin of paint and a roller . cuT to - int . house / bedroom - day - the speaker from which the music be play . - the frame photograph of lena and kane , which be now off the wall , and stack on the landing . - a plastic sheet as it rise up , billow , then settles over the double bed . - a flathead screwdriver push under the rim of a tub of paint and pop the lid . lena run a prime roller over the wall . leave a fat white stripe over the old colour . fleck she shirt and face with paint . smearing it off she forehead with the back of she hand . repainting the room be a act of move on . she be energise . focus . so focus - - that she do not see the figure that appear in the doorway of the bedroom . kane . he seem different to the photo . in uniform , but bloodless in he complexion . older in he gaze . he watch lena painting . oddly blank . not announce he presence - - until she turn , need to reload the roller - - and see he . first , she jolt at the sight of the figure . second , she recognise he . lena ( whisper ) oh God . the roller slip from she hand . land with a wet slap on the floor . she walk towards kane . put a hand on he cheek , in the way she might touch a clear window to see if it hold a pane of glass . then she grab he face with both palm . kiss he as she talk . lena ( cont 'd ) oh God , oh God - I think you be go - go forever - forever . she 's cry , laugh . he be not . cuT to - - the two of they fall down to the paint-flecked plastic sheet over the double bed . lena on top , pull off she shirt , pull at kane 's belt and trousers . they start make love . but she passion remain completely unmatch by he . he be glaze and distant . no more than compliant . until finally - - she have to acknowledge it . she break off . hurt , confuse . look down at he . lena ( cont 'd ) --. kane ? int . house / kitchen - night kane sit at the table . in front of he be a glass of water . he stare at the clear liquid , but do not drink it . lena stand by the counter . 10 . confusion have transformed now into frustration and anger . lena you must be able to tell I something . vanish off the face of the Earth for twelve month . I deserve a better explanation than ... no explanation . kane do not answer . lena ( cont 'd ) no one know anything about you unit . I contact everyone . everyone I could . the other wife and partner know as little as I . beat . lena ( cont 'd ) be it covert ? kane ... maybe . lena what do that mean : ' maybe 's ? kane okay , yes . covert . I think so . lena Pakistan again . kane no. lena Yemen ? kane I can not tell you . lena so it be classified . kane I mean : I can not tell you . I do not know where it be . or ... he trail off . lena frown . lena you be tell I you do not know where you have be ? how can that even be possible ? be it hot ? ( more ) 11 . lena ( cont 'd ) be there snow ? do the people speak swahili , or portuguese , or pashto ? kane say nothing . lena process for a beat . Fighting back the strangeness of the conversation . try to assert reason . lena ( cont 'd ) how long have you be back ? kane I do not know . lena well - how do you get back ? which base do they fly you to ? kane I do not know . lena what about the rest of you unit ? do they return with you ? for the first time , we see something tangible in kane . a helplessness . a dimly understand fear . kane I do not know . silence . as lena suddenly understand : she husband be profoundly damage . his body have return to she , but not he mind . she take a seat opposite he at the table . then take he hand . he do not resist . lena kane . he look at she . lena ( cont 'd ) how do you get home ? kane I ... he break off a moment . kane ( cont 'd ) I be outside . 12 . lena outside the house . kane no. outside the bedroom . just upstairs , on the landing . the door be open , and ... I see you . beat. kane ( cont 'd ) I remember you . I remember you face . silence . then kane detach he hand from lena 's . he reach for the glass of water . take a single sip . then put the glass back down . reveal — - in the water , a strand of blood hang . suspend . it can only be from inside kane 's mouth . kane look up at lena . kane ( cont 'd ) I do not think I be very well . cuT to - int . ambulance - night - the interior of a ambulance , drive fast through the night street . siren howling . kane - strapped to a stretcher in the back , roll - back eye , half - raise - vomit blood . a paramedic try to support he with one arm while speak urgently into a radio . paramedic male , thirty one , hemorrhage , in seizure . wife report confuse state . possible concussion , but no sign of head wound . kneel by kane , lena wipe at the blood on he face . tries to hold he lolling head . 13 . lena baby , baby , stay with I - paramedic prepare emergency team for eta in six mike - suddenly - - the paramedic be interrupt by a second siren join the first . then a third and FOURTH . Blue light start pulsing through the window . above the siren , the paramedic shout to the ambulance driver . paramedic ( cont ’d ) do you call for a police escort ? ambulance driver they be not police ! paramedic what the Hell ? the paramedic look out of the window . as he do so - - the interior of the ambulance be flood with blinding white light and a roar of engine noise . from lena's bleach face , disorientate by the horror and sensory overload , CUT to - ext . STREET - continuous - the street outside the ambulance , where the reason for the noise and light be explain . the ambulance be flanke by three black suv , and above it , a helicopter . no more than four metre off the ground . shine a spotlight straight down at the front windscreen . cuT to - int . ambulance - continuous - the ambulance driver - ambulance driver Jesus Christ ! 14 . - dazzle , slamm he foot on the brake - ext . STREET - continuous - send the vehicle into a skid - int . ambulance - continuous - which slam lena and the paramedic hard against the wall of the vehicle . the semi-conscious kane be hold fast by the stretcher strap . ext . STREET - continuous - the ambulance skid to a stop . the suv expertly slide to halt around it . then immediately disgorge uniformed armed men . Black gear , stubby semi-automatic machine gun . spec ops . the spec ops soldier pull open the rear door of the ambulance . drag out lena and the paramedic . in the foreground the helicopter land in the road . obscure we vision , and deafen we . through the obliterate rotor blade wash , we can hear lena . lena ( scream ) what be you do ? let he go ! let he go ! cuT to - lena , fight as two of the spec ops try to hold she . the paramedic and driver be drag out of view . - kane pull on he stretcher from the ambulance . - something jamme into lena 's neck . a one -hit disposable syringe . the tranquiliser drop to the floor , as the fight bleed out of lena . then consciousness . sound and light fade as the sedative take over . black screen . 15 . caption : part one - the southern reach cuT to - int . southern reach facility / interview room - a view of door . set into a concrete wall , in a otherwise featureless and windowless room . silence , except the sound of breathe . reveal lena . she be sit on a chair , on one side of a table . she wear the same clothes we last see she in . but time have pass . several hour at least . the blood of she husband be now dry black , stiffen on the material of she short and trousers , rusted and flaking on she hand . she be tremble . beat pass . then the door unlocks , startling lena . revealing a woman in she late-forty . this be dr ventress . glass . suit. smiling . she 's hold a small plastic bottle of mineral water . dr ventress hello . dr ventress enter the room and close the door - which lock behind she . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) you probably feel dreadful . queasy . a nasty metal taste in the mouth . headache . lena look at she . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) would you like some water ? the doctor hold out the plastic bottle . 16 . lena hesitates . then with slightly uncertain finger , take it . open it . have a sip . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) that 's better , be not it ? lena return the woman 's gaze . lena who be you ? dr ventress I be a psychologist . lena what do that mean ? dr ventress that I study people 's emotional state . lena I know what a fuck psychologist be . I be ask : why be I talk to one ? dr ventress because I be in charge of the facility you be in . lena .-+. I be in a psychiatric hospital ? dr ventress no. lena then what ? where be I ? and where 's my husband ? dr ventress ignore the question . she take the chair opposite lena , and sit down . dr ventress you be a biologist . lena so what ? dr ventress you complete a doctorate at johns hopkins . ( more ) 17 . dr ventress ( cont 'd ) you research area be the genetically program life - cycle of the cell . be it fascinating ? lena lean forward . enunciate . lena where be my husband ? dr ventress yes . let 's talk about he . sergeant kane . when do he arrive home ? lena that depend how long I have be here . dr ventress say nothing . lena ( cont 'd ) I think it be yesterday . dr ventress have he contact you at any point over the last few month ? lena no . he leave on - whatever he be do . whatever spec-op mission . that be the last I hear until he reappear . dr ventress he do not tell you what he be do . or where he be go . lena he never do . I never ask . dr ventress but you make regular request for information about he to he unit co , until six month ago . then you stop . why be that ? lena because we have a agreement . between we . six month of radio silence mean I be to assume he be dead . and move on . dr ventress give a sympathetic nod . dr ventress it 's not easy to move on . silence . 18 . lena I do not . lena sit back in she chair . lena ( cont 'd ) you know what ? I think I just figure you out . you be CIA . and kane be on some kind of operation for you . and you believe he tell I something before he get sick . lena fix the woman opposite with a even gaze . a pause . lena ( cont ’d ) so let 's cut the shit . I be do answer question . it 's you turn . dr ventress I be not CIA , but I use to be . and you husband be in the same building as you . and I should tell you , he 's extremely ill . lena catch she breath . but stay compose . beat . lena i1l in what way ? dr ventress we do not actually know . he do not test positive for any know condition - but , objectively , he body be hemorrhage and he organ be fail . lena «+ . he 's die . dr ventress yes . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) we have he on life - support in a induce cold - coma . his metabolism be slowed nearly to a stop . it give ... a degree of time . 19 . lena he must have be expose to something . dr ventress add nothing . lena ( cont 'd ) Radiation . a virus of some sort . lena lean forward . lena ( cont 'd ) for Christ 's sake - I might actually be able to help he . you have to tell I where have he be and what be he do . dr ventress I can not talk about that . you understand . lena clearly , I do not ! dr ventress you understand that I be not go to talk about it . the doctor stand . the door unbolt in anticipation of she exit . as it swing open , it reveal a spec ops soldier stand guard in the corridor outside . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) I ' 1l be back later . lena you still have not tell I anything about what 's go on or what I be do here ! dr ventress have reach the door . dr ventress we will speak again . lena stand . lena at least let I change out of this clothes ! dr ventress pause . lena hold up she hand . 20 . lena ( cont 'd ) I be cover in my husband 's blood . cuT to - int . southern reach facility / shower - lena , under a shower stream , wash the blood from she body . from she hair . fingernail . reveal the shower space . another windowless room . tile wall and floor . a military feel , or prison . row of un - partition shower-head . a orange jumpsuit be fold on a change bench . a pair of white sneaker be beneath it . at the door of the shower room , a armed spec -op soldier stand guard . his back be to the room , to protect lena 's modesty . int . southern reach facility / corridor lena walk down a corridor , back towards the interview room . wearing the jumpsuit and sneaker . the spec ops soldier walk slightly behind . lena glance back at he . sees something . on he belt , a clip contain two of the one-hit syringe vial that be use to sedate she . lena do you know my husband ? sergeant kane . the spec ops soldier do not react . lena ( cont 'd ) just wonder if you have serve together . you be the 427th , right ? the spec ops soldier stop by the door to the interview room . spec ops soldier just here , please , mar ‘am . int . southern reach facility / interview room lena stop in the door frame . 21 . lena I just want to know what 's happen to he . spec ops soldier enter the room , mar ’am . but rather than take a step back , she take a step forward , towards the soldier . her eye brim . lena please . spec ops soldier ma’am . a tear spill . her hand touch the soldier 's chest , in the way she touch kane 's chest . lena if you know anything at all , can not you just - it 's a ploy . there be a sudden fluid motion . with she other hand , lena have unclipped one of the tranquilisers . in a flash it 's up and jamme into the soldier 's neck . spec ops soldier ah! bitch - you - his hand claw at the vial . knock it out . all too late . he exhales . fold . falling forward into the room . as he hit the concrete , CUT to - int . southern reach facility / corridor - lena bolt the interview room door close . she look leave . right . int . southern reach facility / corridor lena walk - run through the facility . Silent on the linoleum floor in she white sneaker . 22 . int . southern reach facility / elevator lobby lena enter a elevator lobby . she go straight to the control panel , and hit the call button . nothing happen . beside the panel be a glass plate , with the outline of a hand . the elevator require a palm -print biometric pass . lena «+. shit . at that moment , startling lena , the elevator chime . the car have just arrive on this floor . as the door start to open , CUT to - int . southern reach facility / elevator - inside the elevator , where dr ventress be argue with a spec ops captain . dr ventress while the facility remain under my command , the way I structure the team be my business , Captain . they exit the elevator , into the lobby - int . southern reach facility / elevator lobby - without notice lena , press to the wall , just out of they line of sight . spec ops captain in forty eight hour , it will not be under you command . it ’1ll be under Pentagon control , where it should be . dr ventress so take it up with Washington . by the time you have find anyone with the authority to stop I , we will be go . as they walk away , lena slip inside the elevator , just as the door start close . 23 . int . southern reach facility / elevator Inside the elevator , lena hurriedly scan the different floor option . it 's lena 's first geographical indication of where she be . there be four level in the building . one below ground , and three above . B be security . * be lobby . 1 be research . 2 be live . by the digital readout , she be on B. lena ' Southern reach 's ? what the Hell ? lena hesitates over the panel for a moment . then hit the lobby button . nothing happen . she hit it again . nothing . see - beside the control panel , another biometric reader . lena ( cont 'd ) ++. oh shit . she touch the biometric pad . a error code sound . lena ( cont 'd ) come on , please . no , no , no ... a terrible sense that she have manage to escape from a small lock room into a even smaller one . then suddenly - - the elevator start move . on the digital panel , the number start move upwards . past the lobby - to level 1 . where it stop . the door OPEN , revealing a man in a white lab coat . a scientist of some sort . his head be drop , read through a sheaf of form , which he be fill out . 24 . lena stand , back straight against the wall , terrify to meet he gaze . but he hardly seem to notice she . just touch the biometric pad , and press the button for level 2 . the door close . the elevator start move again . then , still without raise he head , the scientist speak . scientist man , the bureaucracy of this place . lena know a response be need . do not want to give the man a excuse to look up . lena ++. tell I about it . scientist need to fill out a application just to have a nervous breakdown . this feel like it can be meet with silence . then a beat later , the door chime . and open - - revealing a large room , thronge with people , and a buzz of conversation . scientist ( cont ’d ) after you . lena have no choice but to walk out . int . southern reach facility / mess hall - day lena have enter into the mess hall of the facility . it be pack with soldier , scientist , and administrative staff . they sit at table , chat . carry trays with food , and drink . on the far side of the room , there be a floor to ceiling glass wall , through which for the first time in the facility we see daylight . Bright , burnish , gold . in the middle of the wall be a open double door , lead to the outside . 25 . she realise at once : she have to make it across the room to that door . to the exterior , the sunlight . it 's the only exit , apart from the elevator from which she have just come . but among the uniform and lab coat and suit , there be only one person wear a orange jumpsuit . lena . she take a breath . and simply start walk . not hurried , not slow . not draw attention to herself . and for a moment , it seem as if it might work . the people around simply do not notice she . then - - someone look at she . a woman , sit at a table . she frown . tap the arm of the person beside she . lena start walk quick . woman --. hey ! lena ignore she . walk faster for the door and the sunlight . woman ( cont 'd ) hey ! lena break into a run . one of the soldier ahead turn . see . tries to block she path . lena jump onto one of the long refectory table . run down the length , scatter food and drink . someone try to catch she leg . she jump over they . be nearly at the double door . two scientist try to block she and she have no choice but to go straight through they , knock they fly . and then - - she be through the door , and out . 26 . ext . southern reach facility / viewing platform - day lena make only five or six step into the sunlight . then - - slow . and stop . arrested by the view in front of she . reveal that lena be stand on a viewing platform . essentially a massive balcony , which project from the mess hall , three storey above the ground . and the facility from which she have escape turn out to a kind of gatehouse structure - like a medieval castle , drag into a brutalist twenty first century . either side of the facility , a concrete wall extend . massive , buttress , punctuate with watch tower . it look design to contain or defend against something mythic in scale . this would be a stun sight in its own right - but it 's the view from the platform that stop lena in she track . it show a landscape , behind which the sun set . a stretch of bare ground , for a few hundred yard beyond the concrete wall , lead to a dense forest . and in front of - or permeate - the forest , there be a shimmer . similar to a heat haze - it give a glassy liquid quality to everything see through its prism . but unlike a heat haze - and like a prism - it split light . so , through the shimmer - - the sun distort into a deliquesc orange orb , fringe with chromatic aberration of blue and green . - the colour on the cloud split into a full rainbow spectrum , spread across the sky like psychedelic Northern light . - the tree in the forest distort gently , as if push by a gentle wind that ease the trunk into movement , as if they be as light as leave . spec ops soldier ( 0.s. ) get on the ground right now ! 27 . reveal behind lena , a arc of three spec ops soldier , all point they gun at the back of she head . but before the moment can unravel , dr ventress appear , push past the soldier , brush down they gun barrel as if ward away a wasp . dr ventress be there really any need for that ? spec ops soldier Sir , she - dr ventress ( cut in ) shut up and step away . give we space . the soldier do as order . throughout , lena have not turn from the fauvist view . the doctor step beside she . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) it 's obvious what you husband see in you . impressive : to have escape . to this point at least . lena talk as if through a dream . lena where be I ? dr ventress Northern Florida . thirty mile from the coast . it be the blackwater State Park , but we now call it the Southern reach . lena ... why be a National Park seal behind a fifty metre high concrete wall ? dr ventress well , quite . that be the question . int . southern reach facility / command CENTER - day the command CENTER of the Southern reach facility . a large room , with one wall give over to a floor - to ceiling window , which face the landscape and the shimmer . 28 . in the middle of the room be a large digital map . it show the coast of Northern Florida , the boundary wall of the Southern reach facility , and - in illuminate blue - the border of the shimmer . on the adjacent wall there be a collection of image . some show a tall white lighthouse - with archive architectural plan of the building . the rest be a sequence of team photo . small group of man and woman with backpack and hike gear . some with weapon and uniform . lena walk to the digital map table . dr ventress , stand by the window , start to talk . dr ventress it start when a park guide report a event to the local police . a lighthouse on the coast be surround by what he call a ' shimmer 's . a friend of he have enter to find out what be go on - and never return . beat . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) that be thirteen year ago . we evacuate the area and concoct a cover story - a accident on a cargo ship , carry nuclear waste . then we set up a covert body to investigate the phenomenon . and three hundred billion dollar later , we know nothing more than be contain in that first brief police report . behind the doctor , the landscape undulate and refract . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) something go in , and it do not come back . and I be not just talk about people . drone , robot , animal , bird , radio wave , radar , particle stream . it 's a black hole . nothing get out . beat . lena you have no idea what it be ? dr ventress we have many . a extra terrestrial event ; a multi-dimensional event ; ( more ) 29 . dr ventress ( cont 'd ) a religious event . the idea be endless . what we lack be fact . dr ventress have join lena at the map . she indicate the border of the shimmer . concentric circle - like tree ring - date by year . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) Area ' x’ . the only thing we can say for certain be that it 's get bigger . initially , it enclose the lighthouse and a area of about fifty square metre . it now cover a area the size of Chicago . lena look the date band . see the expand gap between the most recent circle . lena the expansion rate be increase . dr ventress exponentially . in five year , the shimmer will encompass the Southern United States and most of Mexico . lena +. and in ten year ? dr ventress the planet . lena look back at dr ventress . lena do the planet get to hear about this ? dr ventress do it matter ? dr ventress trace she finger over the glow blue shimmer band on the map . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) it make I think of cancer . the invasion . the spread . if the cancer be terminal , be it better to know ? lena I have want to know . dr ventress yes , but be it better to know . lena walk to the team photo . 30 . start scan the face . dr ventress watch . then indicate with she hand . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) he 's over there . lena see kane . in a group of spec op soldier . similar to the image at home - she husband be smile , look straight at the camera , a armalite rifle hold loosely in he hand . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) twenty three expedition . a hundred and thirteen man and woman . and only he come back . beat. lena will you let I see he ? int . southern reach facility / medical centre - day kane lie on a bed . surrounded by the tube , line , and the machinery of life support . his skin be almost the colour of ivory . his heartbeat monitor show four beat per minute . lena stand beside he . she exhales , and steam wreathes she . dr ventress watch from behind a observation window . the edge of the glass be frost with ice crystal . lena reach for kane 's hand . hold it . a tear slip out of she eye . and freeze on she cheek . int . southern reach facility / medical centre - day lena join the dr ventress on she side of the observation window . lena how long can you keep he alive like this ? a beat . 31 . dr ventress if he could stay here , maybe month . but I be afraid there 's a complication . the shimmer will soon extend to where we be stand right now . the facility be prepare to relocate - lena - and he will not survive the move . dr ventress «+. no. dr ventress ( cont ’d ) I do not think either of we will , as it happen . lena what do you mean ? dr ventress Southern reach have fail in its objective , and I be about to be relieved of command . before that happen , I have authorise a final mission into Area X . and this time , I be go to lead it . dr ventress pause . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) I be like you , lena . the cancer may be terminal , but I need to know . I need to see what happen in the lighthouse with my own eye . lena process . then speak . lena when do you leave ? dr ventress tomorrow morning . lena how many in the team ? dr ventress four. lena look evenly at the doctor . beat . beat . 32 . lena five . dr ventress lena — lena ( cut in ) he 's my husband . he 's die . dr ventress and you will go in there and find a cure ? I think the chance be slim . lena the chance be zero if I do not even try . I owe it to he . dr ventress ( echoe ) you owe it . lena yes . dr ventress well , in any case , it 's not simply a question of you motivation . there be process to observe . evaluation , and -— lena ( cut in ) while the facility remain under you command , the way you structure the team be you business . dr ventress know she have be quote from she exchange with the spec ops captain , but be not quite sure how it could have happen . she smile faintly . beat . dr ventress '' ++ good point . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) I have to admit , a biologist would be a ideal addition to the expedition 's skill - set . and the team be short -hande . ( more ) 33 . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) give the track record , it have not be easy to find volunteer ... lena wait , let the doctor talk herself round . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) if you be to join we , I do not think it would be wise to explain you connection to the previous mission . it might not be ... helpful . to the group dynamic . lena turn to the glass . look back at the near motionless body of she husband . lena whatever it take . cuT to - int . southern reach facility / firing range - day - a firing range , in which a woman be fire a automatic rifle , straight at we . her name be anya thorensen . she 's a handsome woman in she mid-thirty . Close - cropped hair , wear a white vest that show muscle arm . obviously lift weight . she have a very distinctive tattoo encircle she forearm , depict a ouroboro - a snake eat its tail . cuT to - - a target , with bullet hole appear . loosely group , but find they mark . cur to - - the woman fire in the next alley . this be cass sheppard . she 's in she mid-forty . glass , pony -tail efficiently tie back . could be a mother at school gate , if not for the automatic rifle . cur to - - a similar spread of bullet hole appear on a target . cur to - - the next alley , where we find josie radek . radek be in she mid-twenty , but feel young . she have the shelter quality that people have when they have pass straight from school to college to doctorate . 34 . she 's have trouble with she weapon . she look frighten by the recoil , lean she face away from the stock , and convulsively screwing she eye as the gun start fire . cur to - - a near random spray of round that hit in various place , but not the target . cur to - - lena . stepping up to the fourth alley in the fire range . lift a rifle . squeeze the trigger . she keep the gun steady , fire in neat three round burst , and the stock push tight up against she cheek bone . cuT to - - a neat grouping of round , appear in the middle of the target . cur to - - dr ventress . observe . she shift she gaze to thorensen , sheppard , and radek - - who be clearly surprised to find this new person in the fourth fire alley . lena empty the last round in she clip . the final volley of gunshot leave a ringing echo in the concrete chamber . Broken by dr ventress . dr ventress team . the woman remove they ear defender . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) I would like to introduce lena kerans , a biologist we have sequester from johns hopkins , to join we on the mission to the lighthouse . ms kerans , meet anya thorensen , a medic . Cass sheppard , a geologist . and josie radek , a physicist . beat . then lena lift a hand . 35 . lena «+. hi. ext . southern reach facility - night the facility be pick out in the moonlight . a row of floodlights along the perimeter wall illuminate the wasteground and the tree line . star vibrate through the shimmer . ext . southern reach facility / viewing platform - night lena stand on the view platform , lean against the guard rail . she 's hold the silver locket contain kanea photo in she hand . gazing at it . a few metre away , radek and sheppard sit at a table . sheppard be study one of she map , and radek be make note in a small pad . thorensen appear beside lena . she 's hold a pair of binocular . lena , gaze at the locket , she head many mile away , do not notice . thorensen hey . lena look up , snap back to focus - - and close the locket with a soft snap , before thorensen can see the image inside . lena «.. oh , hey . thorensen be not meaning to pry . lena no - it 's just - thorensen hold up a hand . thorensen it 's cool . no need to explain . I just see you over here , and ... thorensen shrug . 36 . thorensen ( cont ’d ) «+. I do not know . I be think we should bond or something . consider we be travel buddy . lena you bet . lena slip the necklace back over she head . lena ( cont 'd ) have you be at the facility a long time ? thorensen nearly a year now . I be a paramedic in Chicago . try to join msf , think I have work out in Asia or something . but my application get flagge by some computer system , and Southern reach get in touch . that chime with how they get to you ? lena yeah . similar story . lena nod towards the shimmer . lena ( cont 'd ) do you ever get use to the view ? thorensen laugh . thorensen it 's weird . the shimmer be the strangest thing I have ever see . like - what 's the Grand Canyon to this ? but at the same time , you do kind of get use to it . you have to accept it , because it 's there . beat . lena I have a question . thorensen shoot . lena why 's we team all woman ? thorensen affirmative action . it 's a important part of the struggle that woman get equal opportunity to go on suicide mission . 37 . thorensen hold up she fist . thorensen ( cont ’d ) yes , sister ? lena bump it . thorensen smile . thorensen ( cont ’d ) it 's also because they think a team of woman might have a better chance of survival than a team that include man . lena I do not follow . thorensen there 's two theory about what go wrong inside Area X . one : something in there kill they . two : they kill each other . Theory one favour a male team , all big and butch , armed to the tooth . Theory two favour a female team . less propensity to violence . and so far , the male team have be shit out of luck . lena look at thorensen . see this be for real . lena they really think the previous expedition might have kill each other ? thorensen it 's a little more than they just ' think 's it . you know there 's a guy who make it back ? the only one . they have get he in a induce coma in the mo center . lena «+. I do hear that . thorensen so technically he be not the first to walk out of Area X . he be the second . lena frown . lena the second ? 38 . thorensen hand lena she binocular , then gesture out across the deforested area towards the tree line . thorensen check you ten o'clock , about twenty metre from the tree line . lena raise the binocular and look where thorensen have indicate . see a bundle of rag and white bone . at this distance , the bleach dome of skull be the only thing that allow we to understand it be a human . thorensen ( cont ’d ) see the bone ? lena +. yes . thorensen he 's be laid there about six month now . too far away to positively id , but from he uniform , they know he be on the previous mission . flashback to - ext . the shimmer / treeline - day - long lens on the tree . a man walk out . unarm . wearing the spec ops uniform . through the mirage distortion , he seem to have a long beard . thorensen ( 0.s. ) just stroll out the forest one day . even at this distance , the man seem slightly daze . or uncertain . thorensen ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do not seem in a hurry . stood a while . start walk . the man take a few step in the direction of the distant wall . thorensen ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) then - rapid puff of red from the man 's head and chest . noiseless . 39 . thorensen ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) - pop . follow by the delay crack of the rifle retort . cuT to - ext . southern reach facility / viewing platform - day - lena , lowering the binocular . lena -+. no one see who do it . thorensen shake she head . thorensen no . but we all get we idea . lena look at thorensen . wait . thorensen ( cont ’d ) well - it 's get to have be the guy that get out , right ? the one they be keep in the freeze box . beat . thorensen ( cont ’d ) Lieutenant kane . on lena , processing this . CUT from the night view - ext . southern reach facility / gate - dawn - to the dazzle low morning sun . then the concrete flank of the Southern reach building , as the massive metal gate of the facility unlock . and swing open . revealing the five woman of the team . each carry they backpack , and automatic rifle . ahead of they be the dusty scrubland of the deforested area . a few beat . then dr ventress start walk . behind , the gate swing shut . 40 . ext . deforested area - dawn the team walk in single file . dr ventress lead . then thorensen , then sheppard , then radek , then lena . they walk right past the body that thorensen point out . as they pass it , lena pause . see the skull . the way patch of hair and dry skin still cling to the underside of the skull , where it have be shield from the wind and sun . see the miss section of bone above the leave eye socket , blow out by a bullet . see the curve of rib , visible where the material of the uniform have start to disintegrate . ahead , dr ventress have reach the treeline . dr ventress stop before enter the forest . then turn , to look back at lena . they lock eye through the shimmer air . ccut to black . caption : part 2 - area X cuT to - ext . the sky - day - the full moon , hang in a clear blue daylight sky . the same image that distract lena as she teach she medical student . cuT to - ext . house / garden - day - the garden of lena 's house , where lena and kane be sunbathing on the lawn . lena in a bikini . kane in short . around they be the remain of a impromptu picnic . 41 . they lie side by side , look up at the sky . lena I love see the moon in daytime . it 's like God make a mistake , leave the hall light on . kane mmm - not sure about that . God do not make mistake . lena oh really . kane yeah . it 's kind of key to the whole be - a- God thing . lena I observe he mistake every day . kane +. you know he 's listen , right ? lena if you take a cell , and prevent the incremental shorten of telomere , you circumvent the hayflick division limit and prevent the cell from enter senescence . kane woah . so weird you say that . I be about to make the exact same point . lena would you like I to explain what it mean ? kane I would . because I find it arouse when you patronise I . lena it mean the cell do not grow old and die . it become immortal . kane do not stop . lena we see the process of grow old as somehow natural . whereas in fact , it 's fault in we gene . we inherite it , but we do not need it , or want it . ( more ) 42 . lena ( cont 'd ) and without the fault , I would be able to stay look like this - she illustrate the point by indicate herself . lena ( cont 'd ) - forever . kane glance at she bikini-clad form . then back at the sky . kane okay . mistake be make . beat pass . lena «+. so be you go to tell I where you be head this time ? kane nope . beat . lena I know there 's something strange about the mission . kane «.. why ? lena because the silence around it be even more deafen than usual . beat. lena ( cont 'd ) I do not even get a clue ? kane sigh . kane okay . you get one clue . we 'il be under the same hemisphere . so , if you step outside and look up , you will know we be see the same moon in the sky . Day or night . lena look sideways at kane . lena Holy shit . kane -.. what ? 43 . lena be you kid I ? be that what you think I do when you be away ? kane hesitates . kane I be just say - lena - you think I come out into the garden , pine , look up at the sky ? lena put she hand on she chest . mimics herself . lena ( cont 'd ) to think my darling kane be look at this self - same Moon . oh my distant celestial friend - kane laugh . shove she sideways . lena keep go . lena ( cont 'd ) - please care for my beloved ... kane grab she . tries to stop she talk . lena ( cont 'd ) - my brave soldier ... kane Jesus - you know what you be ? you be disrespectful , not just to the man and woman of the armed force - lena yelp as he start tickle she . kane ( cont 'd ) - but the also the President . lena ( between gasp ) you forget the flag ! kane I be get to the flag . lena can no longer talk because he 's tickle she too hard . she become helpless with laughter , as they roll on the grass . eventually , catch she breath back . 44 . lena oh my hero . kane screw you . lena okay . they start kissing . with passion . cur to - - the full moon . suspend in the blue . crater pattern only faintly visible in daylight . then - - the moon shimmer . and then , like a cell under a microscope - - the moon start to divide . cuT to - int . tent - day - lena , waking with a jolt . wearing a T-shirt and underwear . look around . surrounded by bright orange . take a moment to understand she be inside a tent . ext . forest clearing / campsite - continuous lena unzip the front flap of she tent and climb out - - to discover a campsite . five small tent , circle around a burn out fire . the campsite be position in a grassy clear , deep inside a forest . the surround tree be oak and cyprus . look up , the sun and cloud be see through the familiar mirage - like distortion - as if the shimmer be like a dome structure , which we be now inside . just in front of lena , thorensen and sheppard sit surround by packet of food . a little distance away , radek be look at a piece of electronic equipment . dr ventress be nowhere to be see . lena look stunne . lena ... what the Hell ? thorensen and sheppard look round . thorensen good . you be finally awake . lena uh ... lena take a moment . lena ( cont 'd ) sorry , you be go to have to give I a moment . I ’ma little ... throw . sheppard join the club . thorensen you do not remember set up camp , right ? lena '' + . I do not remember anything , after we reach the tree line . sheppard none of we do . but check you boot and pants . they 's 1ll be wet and cover in mud . and we have be do a inventory of the food . from the depletion in we stock , we have be out here for at least forty eight hour . lena shake she head . lena that 's not possible . radek walk over , look nervous . radek guy - you want to know what 's weird ? thorensen I want to know what be not weird . 45 . 46 . radek pull she short - wave radio from she belt . give ita burst . it play static . radek I have be check all my radio and electronic equipment . none of it be work properly . like , I can switch on the sat-phone , and the gps , and they boot up fine - but there 's no signal . even though we have probably get twenty satellite above we right now - nothing . and check this out . radek hold up a magnetic compass . the needle be spin slowly . radek ( cont 'd ) it 's like we be in the middle of the most massive electromagnetic interference . there be excitement in radek 's voice . and a note of panic . radek ( cont 'd ) so we have get no compass , no comm , no coordinate , and no landmark . we do not know where we be , or what direction we should be head . sheppard radek - be cool . we know we be in the state park . so if we go South , we hit the ocean . once there , we can follow the shoreline until we hit the perimeter wall . radek but how do we know what 's South ? sheppard stand . pull up she sleeve . show she wrist watch . sheppard take you watch . Point the hour hand at the sun . Split the difference between the hour hand and twelve . as she 's talk , she 's do . have orientate the watch to the sun , she point into the forest . sheppard ( cont 'd ) South . 47 . thorensen raise she eyebrow . thorensen get you , sheppard . sheppard yeah . get I . dr ventress very impressive . lena look around . dr ventress be right behind she . she show no sense of concern about the situation . she seem almost serene . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) and honestly , radek - we be not really expect the equipment to work , be we ? after thirteen year of expedition , and thirteen year of radio silence . she gesture at the tent . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) let 's pack up and get move . it 's already go ten o'clock . we do not want to lose any more of the day . ext . swamp - day the five woman be walk in knee - deep water . it 's hot . heavy backpack . heavy weapon . hard go . it 's also impossible to gauge the depth of the swamp . thorensen suddenly step into a hole . sink into the black water , up to she waist . thorensen God damn it . lena offer thorensen a hand . haul she out . thorensen ( cont ’d ) now I know why we all get amnesia . why would you want to remember this shit-hole ? thorensen march ahead , soak , piss off . lena look around . 48 . see the cyprus tree with they fan - out root , Spanish moss on the branch , dapple sunlight through the high canopy . all reflect in the glassy water . lena turn to radek . lena I would like to remember it . radek sure . it 's beautiful . they start walk again . lena so you be a scientist too ? a physicist , right ? radek astrophysicist . specifically the life- cycle of star . lena and what be the life - cycle of star ? radek long. lena laugh . lena I do the life - cycle of cell . short. radek shrug . radek still a cycle . up ahead - - sheppard have see something . a structure , through the tree . sheppard call back to the other . sheppard over here ! ext . swamp / fishing hut - day on the bank of the swamp be the half - collapse frame of a wooden hut , and a short jetty . 49 . the hut be smother on one side by a dense carpet of brightly coloured flowers . they cover the ground and push up the side of the building like a snow drift . the five woman approach it . thorensen think this place might show up on the map ? sheppard doubt it . sheppard peer inside the door frame . the roof have partially fall in . sunlight illuminate the interior . there 's a bench and a table . some hook on the wall . everything metal be long corrode . everything wooden be black and damp , and patch with moss . sheppard ( cont 'd ) I think it 's just a fishing hut . back outside - - lena crouch by the brightly coloured flower , grow on the side of the structure . like a sprawling bouquet , they be very varied . some large . some small . some a vivid blue . some red . other be creamy white , with scatterings of orange - fringe crimson on the broad petal . lena ... this be extremely strange flower . dr ventress why ? lena to look at they you would not say they be the same species . lena pull back a area of flower to show the plant system beneath . lena ( cont 'd ) but they be all grow from the same branch structure . so not just the same species . the same plant . 50 . radek they be like snowflake . each one be different . I have never see anything like it . lena it seem stick in a continuous mutation . some kind of morphogenesis error . dr ventress you mean it 's a pathology ? lena it 's very pretty , but you have sure as Hell call it a pathology if you see it in a human . lena pick a white and crimson petal , and hold it . dr ventress amazing pattern . like a Rorschach test . lena offer it to she . lena so what do you see in there ? radek have find something else . radek hey , check this out . in the undergrowth behind the hut , there be the hull of two upturn flat- bottome fibreglass boat . she crouch down , and get a hand under the lip of the hull . lift the fibreglass boat easily . radek ( cont 'd ) we could use this . be much quick way of get across the swamp . reveal — - something that radek have not see . in the black swamp water behind radek , there be the half - submerge head of a huge alligator . its armoure skin be black . obsidian . reflective . and it have strange eye . Red pupil that bleed into yellow , like diffuse saffron . 51 . oblivious , radek turn back to lena and dr ventress . radek ( cont 'd ) shall we see if they still float ? the next moment - - the alligator lunge at radek . thrust out of the water . massive jaw pull open . we can see amidst the water spray and flash of movement , this creature be at least two time the size of a normal gator , in bulk as well as length . lena radek ! radek react - - and see the gape mouth and teeth as they lunge towards she . she turn away - - just as the creature 's jaw SNAP . close on she backpack . radek 's scream be abruptly knock out of she - - as the alligator viciously snap its head to the side , toss the young woman like a ragdoll . radek remain hold fast by the shoulder strap on she bag . then - - the alligator pull back into the water , and both the creature and radek be go . a moment of stunne silence . then lena be run for the water . lena ( cont 'd ) radek ! dr ventress lena ! stop ! lena do not listen . run into the swamp up to she knee , gun raise , sweeping the black mirrore surface . lena radek ! 52 . thorensen and sheppard appear from the hut . thorensen what the Hell happen ? lena a gator take she ! we have get to - at that moment — - radek burst out of the water , only a couple of metre from lena . her backpack be go . she 's gasp for breath . radek help ! help I ! lena grab she . start drag she out of the swamp . radek ( cont 'd ) it 's get my bag ! lena fuck the bag ! just as they reach the bank - thorensen shit ! - as the water erupt behind they as the gator appear and lunge again . lena shove radek hard to the side , and pull she rifle to she shoulder - - and open fire . she empty a entire clip into the gator . round slam into torso , punch through the reptile armour . but incredibly , the creature be not kill . it simply redirect its attention from radek to lena . lena desperately try to jam in a new clip - - as the gator propel itself in she direction . just as the creature be about to reach she - - the clip be drive home , and lena cock she gun and open fire again - 53 . - empty this magazine at point blank range , directly down the gator 's throat . the muzzle flash illuminate the interior . bullet slam into the flesh . this time , lena be join by sheppard , thorensen and dr ventress . in five second , four woman empty four magazine . riddling the creature 's head and torso . after the last shot be fire , the alligator remain support on its leg , jaw open , freeze for a moment , half out of the water . then the leg buckle . and the jaw shut . it 's dead . CUT to black . int . gator - day in darkness , we hear radek 's voice . muffled . sheppard ( 0.s. ) be careful ! there might be a reflex ! thorensen ( 0.s. ) I think its reflex day be behind it . sudden daylight - - as we see the jaw be prize back open , from the Pov of the gullet . we be inside the wet cave of the gator 's mouth , look out over a slab of tongue , and jag stalagmite / stalactite tooth . lena be peer in . behind she , we can see radek and dr ventress . the jaw be be hold open by sheppard and thorensen . lena «+. woah . lena stick she head even further inside . lena ( cont 'd ) it 's the exactly same as the flower . we see what lena see . behind the row of tooth , there be a second row . fold backward slightly . 54 . Internal , and behind the second row , there be third , this almost flat . lena ( cont 'd ) look at the tooth . concentric row . something here be make big wave in the gene pool . sheppard shark have tooth like that . dr ventress could it be a cross-breed ? lena you can not cross -breed different species . they have different gene . thorensen ( strain ) hey - that 's all cool . but can you get you head the fuck out so we can let this go ? it 's get kind of heavy . a final beat on lena 's puzzle expression . then lena nod . lena sure . lena retract she head . the jaw shut with a wet thump . back to black . cuT to - ext . swamp - day - a tree in the swamp . the trunk be cluster with fat mound of moss , like petri-dish culture . flourishing 55 . they have bright colour . not just green , but intense red , and purple , and rust colour . they look like disease . cuT to - ext . swamp - day - the flat- bottome boat glide over black water . swampland float by . serene . the first boat hold dr ventress , radek and thorensen , with thorensen paddle . the second boat hold sheppard and lena . while sheppard paddle , lena be preoccupy by a mark on she forearm . it look like a faint bruise . lena push at it with she thumb . vaguely puzzle about where she pick it up . sheppard you hurt , kerans ? lena just a bruise . guess I pick it up with that gator . sheppard likely . beat . sheppard ( cont 'd ) so where do you learn to shoot ? lena look round . prepare to get she internal story straight . lena my husband be military . we use to go hunt together in Pennsylvania . Deer . sheppard be military . lena yeah . sheppard he quit . 56 . lena «+. no. lena hesitates . do not want to lie to sheppard - but do . lena ( cont 'd ) kia . it 's almost the truth . sheppard I be sorry to hear that . beat . sheppard ( cont 'd ) but I guess there have to be something . lena what do you mean ? sheppard sign up for something like this - it 's not something you do if you life be in perfect harmony . sheppard nod towards the other boat . sheppard ( cont 'd ) we be all damage goods here . thorensen be teetotal , therefore a addict . and radek will not wear short sleeve because she do not want you to see the pale scar on she forearm . lena ventress ? sheppard she 's like a office building in a financial district . all steel and glass and height . but what for ? beat . lena you ? sheppard pause . sheppard I lose someone . like you . but , a daughter . leukemia . silence . 57 . lena thorensen call this a suicide mission . sheppard I doubt it 's as shrink - wrap as that . lena but on some level . sheppard you tell I , kerans . when you volunteer , do you have high expectation of make it back ? lena I be not think in that term . lena look at sheppard evenly . lena ( cont 'd ) but now you mention it : yes . I be go to be make it back . sheppard smile . sheppard Babe , I be stick with you . they lapse back into silence . behind they , sheppard be oar stroke leave a gentle disturbance on the water . cuT to - ext . swamp - day - thorensen in the lead boat . eye narrowing . thorensen we get something here ... reveal — - the two boat glide towards a shoreline . behind which , there be a cluster of low concrete building . ext . abandoned base - day the five woman walk into the collection of building . 58 . they have a distinctively military feel . prefab hut , breeze block wall , chain - link fence , guard hut by the gate . nature have be busy reclaim the area . tall grasses push through crack in the tarmac . the concrete be stain with rain and dark alga . and as with the tree in the swamp , brightly - coloured moss bloom on the building . dr ventress notice lena 's gaze go to they . dr ventress more mutation . lena I see many on the tree . they be everywhere . dr ventress they look malignant , do not you think ? like tumour . lena do not answer . dr ventress address the group . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) at least now we know where we be . this be the previous Southern reach headquarters , before the shimmer swallow it . sheppard pull she map out . scan . sheppard yes . I have get it . right here . radek exhales . radek awesome . we be not lose any more . thorensen look around . thorensen and it 's nice timing . a pretty good place for we to stay the night . dr ventress agreed . she point to a low building up ahead . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) that use to be the barrack . we will billet in there . 59 . int . abandoned base / barracks - day the door to the barrack dormitory open , and the five woman enter . Light push through the grimy window , and the foliage that have grow up outside . it illuminate row of bed with bare mattress . thorensen pull off she bag and drop it on the nearest one . thorensen I have sleep in worse . sheppard not sure I have . lena take a couple of step further into the room . she 's see something , a couple of bed further into the barrack . there 's something lie on the ground . when she get closer - - she see it 's someone 's backpack . and she recognise what kind of someone . khaki . military . spec op . beat . then lena turn to the other . lena uh - guy . come and look at this . the other join she . radek + . whoa . someone else be here ? lena be here . it 's cover in dust . thorensen you think one of the other mission ? dr ventress certainly could be . no reason to assume they be not able to reach as far as we . sheppard why would they leave they gear here ? 60 . thorensen guess they leave in a hurry . lena open the bag . start pull stuff out . produce a washbag . a scrunch - up rain poncho . then - - a video camera . sheppard «+. hello . lena glance back at the other . thorensen what be you wait for ? do it ! lena pop open the flip screen . press the play button . -.. and the camera be stone dead . lena figure . radek no problem . just take out the memory card and we will stick it in my camera . cuT to - int . abandoned base / barracks - day - the five woman , stand around radek 's camera , wait for she to switch it on . radek clip shut the card hatch , and power the camera up . radek there we go . cuT to - int . screen - continuous - extreme close up on the tiny screen of radek 's camera . the video start . 61 . at first , abstract . something dark and unfocus , accompany by the kind of noise you hear when someone accidentally dial they phone from they pocket . then the image and noise suddenly resolve . and we find we be look at kane . and he 's look at we . kane I do not know how long we have be here . cuT to - int . abandoned base / barracks - continuous - lena . freeze at the sight of she husband . she shoot a glance at dr ventress . dr ventress do not look back . kane ( 0.s. ) it must at least be week . but it could also be month , or year . CUT back to - int . screen - continuous — kane . we see he be sit on step , in sunlight . somewhere in the abandon base . Red eye , unshaven . wire . as if he have not sleep in day . he 's look just past the lens - address not the camera , but the cameraman . kane we have lose track . of time , and everything else . beat . kane ( cont 'd ) sometimes I think I must be dream . but I know I can not be . because I never wake up . beat. 62 . kane ( cont ’d ) if anything , it 's the other life that feel most like a dream . the wife . the home . they do not seem to - kane break off . glance over he shoulder . kane ( cont 'd ) you hear that ? cameraman I hear it . a beat later , there be a distant crackle of automatic gunfire . kane look back at the cameraman . kane they be come back . kane stand abruptly . out of frame . kane ( cont 'd ) get to position . the video jerk sideways as the cameraman move . then cut straight to - - a intense night - time FIRE -fight . kane and two other soldier - peyton and shelly - be crouch behind a low wall somewhere in the compound . they take turn to fire over the top of the wall . face light by muzzle flash . kane ( cont 'd ) reloading . peyton take over from kane . firing at something in the darkness . peyton turn to the cameraman and shout : peyton you see that ? you get it on film ? you get to get it ! cuT to - int . abandoned base / barracks - continuous - dr ventress . 63 . dr ventress freeze it there . radek hit pause . reveal the image on the screen . the picture be blurred , smear by the fast left-right pan of the cameraman . but it seem to depict a shirtless man , run at the lens , no more than five or six metre away , burn - out by a blast strobe of muzzle flash . there 's something strange about the man 's form . his neck be twisted , push he head sideways into a unnatural position . it feel wrong . Broken . where he jaw should be , there be a cavity , as if he mouth have swallow the lower part of he face . it 's unclear - he jaw may have be shot off . his neck may actually be break . but he arm also have a strange break quality . it 's subtle , but the break point of the elbow be slightly higher than it should be . the upper arm too short , the forearm too long . the deformation be oddly animal - like . and again , as with the neck and jaw , ambiguous . be we see what be there , or a distortion cause by the lighting and the smear freeze-frame . burned over this image be a bright red streak . it be the red dot laser sight of kane 's gun , carve across the frame like the tail - light of a car burn onto a retina . the aim be about to settle on the man 's torso . silence , as the five woman absorb what they be see . Broken by thorensen . thorensen ... whoa . what the Hell happen to that guy . sheppard have he jaw be shot off ? thorensen I do not know . injury do freaky stuff to people , but ... the sentence trail . dr ventress Press play again . 64 . cuT to - int . screen - continuous - the film restarting . a split second later , kane be fire . bullet hit the red dot . and the deformed man drop . the video cut again . this time to the violent sway -motion of the cameraman run . the video cut again . now the cameraman be crouch beside kane who be by the corner of a building , who be hunch over as income round hit the concrete . the fire be sustained - - then stop . immediately kane swing out and return FIRE . from somewhere nearby , over the noise of the fire we hear scream . then peyton shouting : peyton ( 0.s. ) cease fire ! cease fire ! the video cut again . this time the cameraman be follow shelley . now we be in a interior . which we recognise , as the video aperture correct for the light - - as the barracks . cuT to - int . abandoned base / barracks - continuous - radek , wide - eye - realise . radek oh shit - shit - that 's here ! they be walk right down this room ! 65 . dr ventress radek , be quiet . CUT back to - int . screen - continuous - shelley and the cameraman walk the length of the barrack . then into the shower room at the far end . there , they find kane and peyton . stand beside another man . his name be mayer . and he 's handcuff to one of the water pipe . kane and peyton be argue . raise voice . kane what the Hell do you want I do , peyton ? actually cut he open and take a look ? peyton we get to , kane . mayer start plead . mayer no - no you do not . you do not have to ! peyton we get to . mayer kane , please . kane you mean I have get to . mayer Jesus - Jesus Christ - kane ! kane God damn it . kane reach to he belt . pull a long fix - blade knife . kane ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . mayer start scream . 66 . mayer Jesus - I swear to God - there 's nothing wrong with I ! there 's nothing wrong ! kane 's head snap around to the cameraman . kane you be not filming this . mayer ( scream ) kane ! don 't - the image die . cuT to - int . abandoned base / barracks - continuous - the five woman . look at the black screen . lena be in a place beyond horror - mind assaile , not able to process what have just happen . sheppard break the spell by lean forward and switch the screen off . radek ++. oh god. thorensen you know they , right ? for a moment , lena think thorensen be talk to she . then see thorensen be direct the question at dr ventress . thorensen ( cont ’d ) it 's the team that go in the year before we . the spec op guy . dr ventress yes . sheppard include the one tie to the chair . dr ventress his name be mayer . beat . then thorensen start walk . 67 . in the same direction we see shelley walk . down the length of the barracks , to the shower . after a few moment , the other go after she - - except lena . halfway down the barrack , dr ventress stop . look back at lena . a beat between they . then lena follow . int . abandoned base / barracks / shower room - continuous lena enter . to find radek , sheppard , thorensen and dr ventress . in front of they be mayer 's body . still cuffed to the chair . desiccate , skeletal . his rib have be break open at the sternum , and be splay open like a book . like invert wing . and he skull be sit on the ground . laid in front of he foot . silence . radek ... I do not want to stay here tonight . no one say anything . radek ( cont 'd ) I do not want to stay here tonight ! dr ventress I do not think we have a choice . it 's late in the day for we to move on . radek please - sheppard hey . sheppard put a hand on radek 's face . gently redirecting the young woman 's gaze away from the corpse . 68 . sheppard ( cont 'd ) we will not have to stay in the barrack . we can choose another building . and we will figure out a guard rota . lena look down at mayer 's open rib cage . the skull , and dislocate jaw . thorensen right . cuT to - ext . house / bedroom - night - lena 's face . asleep . in darkness . then light flooding on to she close eye . stir she . in the foreground - - a glass of orange juice be laid down . on to a bedside table . lena blink herself awake ... «+. to see she bedroom . and kane draw the curtain . then turn to she . kane freshly squeeze . lena that 's a surprise . kane I be full of surprise . he sit on the bed next to she . kane ( cont 'd ) but not all of they good . I be leave a day early . lena you mean today ? kane I mean now . 69 . beat . lena «+. shit . lena prop herself up . lena ( cont 'd ) I have a whole day plan . we be go to go to Sam and Mary 's for lunch , and then drive out to - kane ( cut in ) - I be sorry . we can not . lena reach out with she hand . take he . lena well , can we at least - he pull he hand back . lena ( cont 'd ) +. ' now 's mean ' right now 's . kane yeah . a beat . lena pick up on something in kane . a detachment . a subtle coldness . lena -.. what be it ? kane do not answer for a moment . then he look at she . kane I love you , lena . lena frown . lena «+. I love you too . on kane . gazing back at she flatly . give nothing back . unreachable . cuT to - 70. int . abandoned base / rec room - night - lena 's eye , flick open . echoing the image of she waking that we just see . but this time , when she rub the sleep out of she eye , she 's in the shimmer . reveal what be once the rec room of the abandon base . there 's a dart board on the wall , and a pool table with mould - cover baize , and a pinball machine with break glass . she 's get a sheen of sweat on she face . wipe it off . look around . on the floor , she see thorensen , asleep on she unroll bedding . beside thorensen be radek , also asleep . beside radek be sheppard . awake . sheppard wink . lena hey . the two woman whisper quietly to each other . sheppard how you do , babe . lena -.. Fine . lena nod at radek . lena ( cont 'd ) good she 's get some rest . sheppard yeah - with the help of a little sedative . lena how about you ? get any sleep ? sheppard shake she head . sheppard I have need a horse - trang to knock I out . I be at least as freak as radek . just hide it better . beat. 71 . lena i’1l go check on Dr ventress . sheppard you get it . ext . abandoned base / rec room hut - night lena exit the rec room hut . the hut be on the edge of the abandon facility . the starlight do not illuminate much , but we can just about make out the chain - link perimeter fence , and beyond it , the black shape of the forest . dr ventress be sit at a picnic table , just outside the door , study a map by torchlight . dr ventress what be you do up , kerans ? you be not due to relieve I until three am . lena I be do sleep for the night . dr ventress in that case , you might as well take a look at this . dr ventress tap way - point position on the map . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) here 's we . here 's where I think we campe last night . and here 's the lighthouse . judge by the distance we cover today , we will not reach it tomorrow . but look , South West from here - dr ventress indicate a new position . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) - ville perdu . a tiny community , evacuate ten year ago . I think we should aim there for tomorrow night . then pick up the road to the coast . lena say nothing . dr ventress notice the non-response . she look up at lena from the map and the torchlight . a beat between they . 72 . then lena speak . lena the previous expedition . be they select in the same way as this one ? from volunteer . dr ventress yes . they be . lena even the soldier ? dr ventress ... no one be order to go . lena meet the doctor 's gaze . lena then I have to ask : why do my husband volunteer for a suicide mission ? dr ventress pause . beat . dr ventress why would I have a answer to that question ? lena because you run the programme . you must have assess he . and he must have tell you . dr ventress so you be ask I as a psychologist ? lena yes . dr ventress then , as a psychologist , I think you be confusing suicide with self - destruction , and they be very different . almost none of we commit suicide , whereas almost all of we self - destruct . somehow . in some part of we life . we drink , or take drug , or destabilise the happy job - dr ventress ( cont ’d ) - or happy marriage . lena react . uncertain whether this be target at she . 73. dr ventress continue . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) but this be not decision . they be impulse . and in fact , as a biologist , you be better place to explain they than I . lena what do you mean ? dr ventress be not the self - destruction code into we ? imprint into each cell . silence . dr ventress shrug . dr ventress ( cont 'd ) so. the word hang . and lena be spare have to find a reply - - by a strange noise , from somewhere in the darkness . a popping . a tearing . not organic . metallic . surprisingly loud . the head of the woman flick round to the source of the noise . lena ... what be that ? dr ventress I do not know . lena unsling she rifle and raise it , switch on the night-vision scope . cur to - - the green- white view . scan the tree line , through the fence . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) you see anything ? lena no , just - 74 . lena break off . lena ( cont 'd ) yes . through the scope , there be something . a large hole in the perimeter fence . the chain - link twisted , pull open . cur to - - sheppard emerge from the rec room hut , into the moonlight , hold she weapon and a flashlight . sheppard what 's go on ? I hear a noise . lena something 's just come through the fence . dr ventress what do you mean : through the fence ? lena dip the gun . lena it 's rip open like a zipper . sheppard but what could do that ? lena I do not know . something big . another noise . and this be organic . it 's a thump of movement . then a panting breath . a snort . and it feel very close . the three woman freeze . a beat . then sheppard lift she flashlight . point it straight in front of she . and illuminate a huge creature ... ... less than two metre away . 75 . it look something like a black bear . but like the gator , it 's twice the size it should be . and it 's stranger than the gator . it seem to be enmesh with plant matter . stem and leave be grow out of its fur . its fur hang like the Spanish moss on the swamp oak branch . Long thorns push outward , bristle over the crown of its skull , along its snout , down its arm . and it 's up on its hind leg . stand like a man , tower over sheppard and lena . blott out the star . then it open its jaw . and it look as if some of the plant matter be actually grow from inside the bear 's mouth . it be a terrifying and transfix sight . sheppard «+. shit . the next moment - with shocking speed - the bear lunge downward — - at sheppard . there be a glimpse of she be pull to the side , and almost compressed . like a glimpse of someone be hit by a car . then the flashlight wink out . and sheppard be go . sucked into a rush of movement and blackness . lena , who have hardly have time to draw breath , now react . lena sheppard ! no answer . lena clamp the night scope to she eye , scan desperately . sees something massive in the darkness , move fast , back towards the fence . a glimpse of sheppard , drag like a rag doll . then it 's go . the creature , and sheppard , have vanish . lena ( cont 'd ) sheppard ! thorensen appear , hold she gun . thorensen what 's go on ? where be she ? 76 . lena she 's go ! she be right here next to I - and something take she ! it be like a bear , or - sudden scream . High , desperate . and sustained . it 's sheppard . but she 's nowhere close . it 's from the tree . thorensen ++. oh Christ . lena , thorensen and dr ventress start run toward the sound . they reach the break in the fence . but the forest beyond be immeasurably massive and dark , and the scream be from deep inside . lena call out - lena sheppard ! sheppard be shriek continue . then - - abruptly stop . ext . the shimmer - day daybreak , through the shimmer . ext . abandoned base / rec room - day radek be sit on the ground . shake uncontrollably . dr ventress sit on a chair , on the far side of the room , observe radek with a neutral expression . lena and thorensen be stand . radek we have to go back . we have to go back now . thorensen she 's right . dr ventress right in what sense ? 77 . thorensen we have be attack twice , we have lose one of the team , and we have documentary evidence that the previous team be also under attack - not just by mutate creature , but each other . how more ' right 's could she be ? dr ventress we have not reach the lighthouse . we still do not understand the cause or nature of the shimmer . thorensen but we have data , observation , photograph , sample -— dr ventress - all of which make the phenomenon less explicable , not more . thorensen that 's beside the point ! we mission parameter be to get into Area X , find something out , and live to tell the story . dr ventress Mission parameter ? dr ventress stand . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) I be not sure I have any mission parameter . thorensen shoot a glance at lena . thorensen ... what the Hell ? dr ventress I plan to get to the lighthouse . but I be not go to pretend it 's for a mission . it 's because I want to know what 's inside . dr ventress walk to the door . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) I will do it alone , if need be . you simply decide whether you be come with I , or not . dr ventress exit . leave lena , thorensen and radek alone . 78 . silence . thorensen «.. she 's crazy . then thorensen turn to lena . thorensen ( cont ’d ) thanks for the back - up , kerans . lena -.. I do not know there be side . thorensen there be side . lena hesitates . lena okay . then I agree with you . we should be head back . thorensen look relieved . thorensen right . good . the three of we can - lena ( interrupt ) just a minute . beat . thorensen already do not like this . lena ( cont 'd ) we head back : yes . but I do not think we do it by retrace the route we take here . it take we approximately four day to reach this point , right ? but the coast be only two day away . and as sheppard point out : once we hit the shore , we can follow it until we hit the perimeter wall . it 's impossible to get lose , and it will be easier terrain than make we way back through the swamp . thorensen you be say we get out by go deeper in ? lena «+ . if you like , yes . 79 . thorensen if I ' like 's ? no kerans , I do not fuck ' like 's . thorensen do not disguise she suspicion . thorensen ( cont ’d ) this be not just a way of talk we round so we keep head for the lighthouse . lena it have nothing to do with the lighthouse . I believe the coast be the best route out . that 's all . silence . thorensen glance at radek . the young woman have close she eye . just try to block it all out . thorensen ( under she breath ) shit . ext . abandoned base / rec room hut - day lena exit the hut . wearing she backpack . carry she gun . dr ventress stand in the spot where sheppard be attack , gaze towards the break fence . lena approach . lena we be come with you . dr ventress glance back at lena . dr ventress I know you would be . but I be glad about the other . better we stick together . dr ventress shoulder she backpack . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) incidentally , lena , I just want to say : on top of whatever else be go here , you should not worry . lena «.. worry about what ? 80 . dr ventress you secret . it 's safe with I . lena pause . lena ' my secret 's . you be talk about my husband ? lena lower she voice . lena ( cont 'd ) be that not we secret ? in that you be the one who instruct I to keep it . dr ventress shrug . dr ventress by all mean . if that way of see it be helpful to you . thorensen and radek appear at the door to the rec room hut . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) ( call ) be we good to go ? thorensen make no reply . ext . swamp - day the four-person team walk in single file . dr ventress on point . then radek . then thorensen . then lena . as they walk , lena become aware that thorensen be talk to herself . low mutter . unintelligible . it sound like some kind of internal private argument , unwittingly externalise . lena watch . lena hey thorensen . thorensen 's gaze flick round . there 's a flash of something in she eye . something like anger . something like a lack of recognition . as if whatever she 's see at that moment , it be not lena . then it 's go . 81 . thorensen what ? lena you okay ? thorensen turn away . thorensen I be fine . leave I alone . cur to - - dr ventress . suddenly stop . she 's see something just ahead . then radek see it too . put a hand over she mouth . as lena reach they , reveal — - crush undergrowth , form a trail into the tree . and along it , unmistakable splashes and smear of blood on the leave . radek ... sheppard . dr ventress very likely . lena she might still be alive . dr ventress I think it 's unlikely . lena I think we need to know . beat . dr ventress I be not risk the entire mission . lena Fine . lena cock she rifle . thorensen I ‘’1l come with you , kerans . lena glance at thorensen . again , see something in she eye . a slight something not quite right . lena I will go alone . quicker , quieter . ext . swamp - day lena head through the swamp . gun raise . follow the blood trail . from somewhere nearby , she hear a noise . perhaps the bear . perhaps something else . she freeze . look into the tree . there be movement in the foliage . something there - a creature , or person . or equally i trick of the light , and shadow . lena watch . wait . see something . but it 's not the bear . it 's a deer . or a deer- like creature . elongate leg . branch and leaf structure its back . then - skittish - it 's go . 82 . sheen or glaze . could be out t could be a flow out of sweat run down lena 's face . she blink it out of she eye . silence return . lena head on . ext . swamp / clearing - day dense foliage . in it , we find lena . crawl forward on she belly . she 's see something up ahead . reveal — 83. - the end of the blood trail , in a clear . in the middle of the clear , sunlit , be sheppard . lying on she back , face upwards . clothes soak with blood . lena watch . wait . no sound , except wind in tree . int . swamp / clearing - day lena cautiously approach sheppard be body , gun raise , continually scan the tree line . as she reach she colleague - - reveal sheppard . her midriff be tear . either bitten or claw . through the dark congeal blood and rip material , we glimpse the blue - white coil of intestine . but she face be intact . there be fleck of blood on she cheek . and she eye be open . then - - something very strange happen . her left eye - and she leave eye only - make a sudden jittering movement . like a quiver . lena jump . lena Jesus ! then sheppard 's slightly parte lip move . as if just start to form a word . lena ( cont 'd ) ... sheppard ? CUT back to sheppard be face - - as sheppard be mouth be push more fully open , which reveal that inside she mouth , there be a creature . the size of small snake . the texture and colour of worm . sheppard be cheek undulate gently with the movement . 84 . and the left eye suddenly start to sink into the socket , as if be consume . cuT to - ext . swamp - day - lena , return to where dr ventress , thorensen and radek be wait . radek do you find she ? lena she 's dead . the finality in lena 's voice dissuade follow - up question . wordlessly , radek , thorensen and dr ventress shoulder they backpack . ext . swamp - day distant from the small group . they be far figure , move through the green . flitting in and out of view . then merge totally . go . ext . the SUN - sundown the light of the set sun , refracting into a rainbow . ext . outside ville perdu - sundown the four woman stand on a dirt road . ahead be a small town . a backwater place . the twenty or so building be largely wooden and single-storey . plant-life have be busy reclaim the structure . the moss tumour- growth be even more extreme here . some of the building be half - swallow by the red and green cluster . dr ventress this be where we camp tonight . the ocean be another two hour hike from here . we pick a house . secure the window and door . and we do not venture out until sun-up . 85 . ext . ville perdu - sundown the woman enter the town . not talk . scan . alert . weapon unslung , and hand rest with the finger above the trigger guard . lena be distract by the sight of one of the house - from which a tree have appear to grow from the inside . branch push out through the window and roof shingles . radek kerans . the quiet urgency in radek 's voice make everyone look round . radek be freeze to the spot . lena follow she gaze - - and jolt . twenty or so metre ahead , in the dark space between two of the building , there be what appear to be the silhouette of a man . motionless . arm at he side . facing they . only after register the shape of the man do it become clear that there be something odd about he . he 's slightly misshapen . his arm and torso be too thin . his leg be too thick . a beat . no one have move . lena take a step towards the man . raise a hand . lena hello ? the silhouette of the man do not react at all . lena take another step -— - and the shift in perspective reveal another figure . this one be behind the man , behind the building . not in shadow , but catch in the light from the drop sun . it look like a child . 86 . also motionless , also misshapen . but now , in the light , the oddness of the shape make more sense . the child be not flesh and blood , but plant . a twist root system form calve and foot , lead up to knotted branch and densely pack leave . like a topiary . ext . ville perdu / statue garden - sundown lena , follow by the other , walk through the space between the building , past the shape of the man - - into something that be like a statue garden . in the space between the back of the house and the tree-line of the forest , there be twenty or so plant figure . some of they have grow into reasonable facsimile of a man , or woman , or a child . other be incomplete . the leg , and half the torso . a outstretch arm , become a tangle of twig and leave beyond the bicep . other have explode far beyond the basic outline of a human , expand out into tree structure . thorensen what be this thing ? be they make by the people who live here ? dr ventress impossible . the area have be empty for year . thorensen or make by one previous team ? lena examine a child plant . lena they have not be cut this way . lena pluck a leaf from the child figure . lena ( cont 'd ) they have grow this way . thorensen what be you talk about ? that make no sense . radek speak quietly . 87. radek I think it do . radek have sit on the grass between two of the figure . radek ( cont 'd ) in fact , it make total sense . all turn to radek . radek ( cont 'd ) I would think the radio wave be block by the shimmer , and that 's why no one inside could communicate with base or gps . radek glance upwards . radek ( cont 'd ) but I look up . I see the sun . and the sky . the light wave be not block . Bright rainbow colour fringe the cloud above . radek ( cont 'd ) they be refracted . radek reach for she short - wave radio , hook on she belt , and switch it on . radek ( cont 'd ) and it 's the same with the radio . the signal be not go ... through the static fuzz , there be sound . pulse . Soft distort tone , that rise and fall . radek ( cont 'd ) «+ . they be split . scramble . radek switch the radio off . shift she gaze to lena . radek ( cont 'd ) the leaf in you hand . you know what you would find if you sequence it ? hox. pax 6 . dr ventress hox ? what be you talk about ? lena they be the gene that define body structure . but in animal . not plant . 88. radek the plant have arm . the arm be attach to shoulder . the leg be attach to hip . lena be try to collect she thought , mind racing . lena no - they be just simulacra . like a stick insect or chameleon . what you be say be simply not possible . radek none of this be possible , lena . but it 's what 's happen . the shimmer be a prism . it refract everything . Light , wave , field , DNA . radek hesitates . radek ( cont ’d ) all DNA . thorensen interrupt , overwhelm by confusion and frustration . thorensen stop ! just - stop talk science . speak English . what do you mean , ' all DNA 's ? lena you know what she mean , thorensen . she mean we DNA . lena let the leaf drop . lena ( cont 'd ) whatever 's happen to everything else will also be happen to we . in the low sun , everything upright be silhouette , fringe with gold . on the ground , the long shadow of the woman and the plant statue be fringe with chromatic aberration , and be indistinguishable from each other . int . ville perdu / house - night the woman be inside the front room of one of the abandon house . the kitchen be off the front room . 89 . the kitchen and live room window have be barricade , and lena and thorensen be positioning a heavy dresser to jam the front door . once it 's in place , lena turn to the other . lena you all get some sleep . I be keep first watch . ext . the moon - night the moon in the sky , through the shimmer . int . ville perdu / house / front room - night lena sit at the dining table . the room be light by she upend flashlight . she 's remove the top , expose the bulb , like a candle . she 's watch the other three . laid out on they bedding . they soft breathe . satisfy herself that they be all asleep . then she quietly open she backpack . remove a small case . Inside be the equipment we see she select from the Southern reach laboratory . a field microscope . a scalpel . she remove a blade from a seal foil packet . clip a blade into the scalpel . then she roll up she leave shirt sleeve . it reveal she forearm - - and the unexplain bruise she first notice while talk to sheppard as they paddle through the swamp . the mark be now darker . and larger . roughly circular , with a slight indication of a pattern . it 's as the bruise be paint with ink on wet paper , and the mark have blurred into something too abstract to understand . lena gaze at the strange , oddly malign shape . then push the scalpel into it . drawing blood from the dark mark . a beat . 90 . the sight of the crimson bead have hypnotise she . cuT to - int . ville perdu / house - night - lena lean over she microscope . cur to - - extreme close up on blood cell . the biconcave shape be clearly visible . the magnification increase . we see inside the translucent cell structure ... ... where something be shimmer . cur to - - lena , lean away from the microscope . blank-face . then she stand , walk past the apparently sleep figure of radek , thorensen and dr ventress . int . ville perdu / house / kitchen - night lena enter the kitchen . go directly to the sink . and - quietly , with a minimum of fuss - throw up . when she have finish , she turn around -— - and see radek . stand at the kitchen door . look at she . radek well ? lena you thesis be correct . radek what do you see ? lena it 's in I . radek it will be in all of we . 91 . lena .+. I imagine so . radek exhales . beat . radek do you think you can get any sleep ? lena do not answer . radek ( cont 'd ) you should try . cuT to - ext . sky - day - close up on the moon in daylight . cuT to - int . johns hopkin medical school / seminar room - day - lena , talk to she student . lena so we can describe cancer as a genetic mutation that cause unregulate cell growth . but genetic mutation be also the reason we exist . we would not have evolve from the single - cell organism from which we be all derive . lena pause . lena ( cont 'd ) I think it 's partly why cancer frighten we . it do not just hurt we , and kill we . it change we . cuT to - ext . ville perdu / statue garden - night - the moonlit human shape in the statue garden . not quite motionless . move gently in wind . cuT to - int . house / bedroom - night - lena 's face , moonlit . see over a man 's shoulder . in bed . have sex . cuT to - int . house / bedroom - night - lena . 92 . now sit at she bedroom window . gazing out at the night sky over the suburban street . reveal the man on the bed behind she . it be not kane . it 's she work colleague . daniel . beat pass . then lena speak . lena this be a mistake . daniel okay ... he pause . daniel ( cont 'd ) .-. but it 's a mistake we keep make . it 's not exactly the first time I have be in you bed , or you in mine . whenever he go away , we find ourselves right here . lena it 's still a mistake . daniel half - laugh . daniel you want to have this conversation again ? silence . daniel ( cont 'd ) Fine . let 's have it again . you spend more time away from you husband than with he . ( more ) 93 . daniel ( cont 'd ) you can not talk to he about you work , and he will not talk to you about he . and there be a clear physical and intellectual connection between we . have I cover the basis ? lena you do not mention you wife . daniel I love my wife , as I always make plain . she 's blameless in this . daniel sit up in bed . daniel ( cont 'd ) come on , lena . what 's really go on here ? lena do not answer . she 's zone he out . daniel ( cont 'd ) be it because you have not hear from he ? you think ... daniel hesitates . daniel ( cont 'd ) «+ . you think something may have happen to he ? beat . daniel ( cont 'd ) or you think he know . that 's it , be not it ? you think somehow he 's find out about we affair . the note of anxiety in daniel 's voice pull lena out of she glaze . he 's clearly more worried by the idea that kane know about they affair than kane be kia . daniel ( cont 'd ) ... have he find out ? lena glance back at daniel . watch he for a moment . flat. Dead . lena you should go . daniel frown . 94 . daniel look , lena , I - lena dan. daniel cut himself off . lena ( cont ’d ) I be not interested in talk to you , or anything you have to say . just get dress and get out , will you ? a beat . then daniel stand . start to put on he clothes . daniel you know it 's not I you hate . it 's yourself . lena no , Dan . it 's you too . lena turn away , back to the window . close on lena 's face . lena ( cont 'd ) this be never go to happen again . she shut she eye . behind she , out of sight , we hear daniel leave . then - - we hear thorensen 's voice . thorensen ( 0.s. ) you lie bitch . the voice intrude in the way a alarm clock intrude on a dream . the sudden awareness that the alarm be real , and the dream be not . cuT to - int . ville perdu / house / front room - night - lena open she eye . see thorensen and radek . 95 . dr ventress be nowhere to be see . radek look terrify . and thorensen be lean over lena . eye wide , lip curl back over tooth . holding she automatic rifle . point at lena 's head . lena startles - waking fast . sitting upright . lena +. what 's go on ? thorensen you do not get to ask that question . you get to answer it . radek toss something . it land on lena 's lap . lena look down - - and see kane's face , look at she out of she open silver locket . lena 's blood freeze . she look up - - just in time to see thorensen spin she rifle around , and smashes the stock down . knock lena out cold . CUT to black . then CUT to - int . ville perdu / house / front room - night - the view -finder Pov of a camera , as it power up . the camera be be handheld by radek , and be filming lena and dr ventress - - who be both tie to kitchen chair . wrist bound behind they back . ankle tie to the chair leg . blood have run down lena 's face from a cut inside she hair - line . dr ventress be bruise under the eye . thorensen stand in front of they , hold she gun . dr ventress thorensen -— 96 . thorensen 's gun swing immediately to dr ventress . thorensen ( cut in ) shut up . the gun swing back to lena . thorensen ( cont ’d ) keep talk , kerans . CUT out from radek 's camera Pov . the rest of the scene intercut the camera footage with normal photography . lena but thorensen , I be tell you - that 's all there be to it ! he 's my husband . he be on the previous mission . he go in , come out , and be sick , and I need to understand what have happen to he . I think maybe if I know what have damage he , I could - thorensen ( cut in ) bullshit . you think I do not know this whole thing 's a set-up ? you two - you have be work together . you trick we . you lie to we . you lead we here . thorensen 's gun swing back dr ventress . thorensen ( cont ’d ) tell I I be wrong . dr ventress you be wrong . but you be also not interested hearing in the truth . dr ventress look at thorensen . hard. unfaze . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) or not able . thorensen what do you mean by that ? dr ventress be not it obvious ? dr ventress look to the video camera - to radek . 97 . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) tell I , radek . if the shimmer be refracting we physically , could not it refract we psychologically too ? we perception ? we mind ? thorensen wow . you be a real piece of work , ventress . dr ventress do thorensen 's behaviour seem rational to you at this moment ? do it seem sane ? thorensen see what she 's try to do , radek ? see how she 's try to twist this ? dr ventress turn back to thorensen . dr ventress you really can not see that what 's happen in this room be exactly what happen on the previous mission ? radek thorensen - it be possible . what she 's say . thorensen Jesus Christ ! do not listen to she ! radek but it be possible ! think about what 's happen in this place . the thing we be see . we could all be lock in some kind of roll hallucination - at that moment - - radek be interrupt by the sound of scream . it 's a woman . come from somewhere outside . and we have hear it before . it 's the sound sheppard make as she be be kill in the forest . the scream fade out . a beat of stunne silence in the room . Broken by thorensen . thorensen sheppard . 98. lena .-. it can not be sheppard . thorensen that be she . lena I see she body . another sudden burst of scream . this time , it sound much closer , and within it , we can hear word . sheppard ( 0.s. ) help I - oh God please - please help I - it cut out again . dr ventress kerans ? lena she be dead ! I see she body ! thorensen you be tell I that 's not sheppard ? lena it can not be real ! thorensen so it 's a ' hallucination 's ? that we be all share ? bang . all jump . something have knock against the barricade front door of the house . all head turn to the sound of the noise . radek ( hyperventilate ) what be that ? sheppard ( 0.s. ) please - please - sheppard be voice be right outside the door . something scratch against the wood . 99 . thorensen ( call ) sheppard ? sheppard ( 0.s. ) please , thorensen , be that you ? oh God , I be hurt , I be hurt - thorensen fuck . thorensen start for the door . dr ventress thorensen , no ! lena struggle against she binding . lena radek - untie I ! sheppard ( 0.s. ) I be bleed - thorensen it 's she ! I have get to let she in ! radek be freeze , stare at the door - - as thorensen start push back the dresser that barricade it . thorensen ( cont ’d ) sheppard - hold on - sheppard ( 0.s. ) hurry — dr ventress no ! lena ( yell ) radek ! untie I now ! radek finally react . move to lena , pull she knife - - but too late . thorensen have pull the dresser back , and pull the door open . it reveal the huge plant - enmesh bear-creature that kill she . lit now in the light from the room . - be the huge shape of the plant - enmesh black bear . 100 . eye reflect light from the room as bright yellow disc . Long thorns crest over its head and shoulder . oddly elongate claw , like a long hook of a sloth . thorensen ... sheppard ? the bear lift a paw . and make a simple motion - a upwards swipe across thorensen 's midriff . thorensen bend forward . and something wet and heavy splashes out of she stomach , onto the floor . then she drop to she knee , then pitch forward ... ++. at the foot of the bear . the bear turn to look at radek . and open its jaw , as if to howl . but instead , it emit sheppard be high , desperate scream . over the scream - lena get I out ! - radek 's knife slice through the rope tie lena 's hand - - just as the bear-creature force its way into the room . charge radek , lena , and dr ventress . the woman be knock violently aside . lena 's chair break as she land - - allow lena to kick out of the rope that tie she ankle . she crawl across the floor - - as the bear turn to radek - - and spear radek through the chest with a hook claw . lift radek into the air , she foot leave the ground . radek be impale but alive . hyperventilate . leg bicycling in the air . hand try pull herself off the lena scramble across the floor . reaching for thorensen 's weapon , which lie beside she body . 101 . grabbing it . turn - - as the bear turn , still hold radek suspend . and lena open FIRE with the automatic rifle . empty the entire clip into the bear 's freakishly deform head . for a moment it remain upright . then it topple like a fell tree . CUT to thorensen - - on the floor , expel a final gurgle breath , as she die . ext . ville perdu - sunrise first light , over the town . ext . ville perdu / house / porch - sunrise radek sit on the porch of the house , slump on a rotting wicker chair . her chest be bandage - but the bandage be soak through with blood . her skin look like white wax . her eye open . she see lena sit beside she . lena hold a water bottle to radek 's lip . radek «.. thank you . radek 's voice be weak . she drink a little . radek ( cont 'd ) «+. Dr ventress ? lena go , about half a hour ago . the coast be not far , so I be sure she ’1ll make it . the only real purpose of this expedition be to give she a chance to reach the lighthouse . find out what 's inside , after all this year . 102 . lena pause . lena ( cont 'd ) I do not much like she . but I be glad she ’1ll get what she want . a beat . then radek glance at lena . radek why do not you leave I here ? lena say nothing . radek ( cont 'd ) I can not survive this injury . you know that . no answer . radek ( cont 'd ) you plan go to stay with I . until I die . lena yes . radek nod . then pause . radek it be strange , hearing sheppard 's voice last night . I suspect that as she be die , part of she mind become part of the creature that be kill she . beat . radek ( cont 'd ) it 's a terrible think . to die frighten and in pain , and have that as the only part of you which survive . trapped in the mind of a animal . beat. radek ( cont 'd ) I wonder if I 'il be trap in you . silence . radek ( cont 'd ) there 's morphine in the medical kit . 103 . lena radek - radek give I whatever 's leave . shut my mind down . then shoot I . lena radek , please . do not ask I to do this . silence . radek be gaze remain fix on lena 's face . eventually , lena have to meet it . ext . ville perdu / statue garden - day sunlight in the statue garden . a few beat of quiet . then the sound of a single gunshot . the retort slap off the side of the house , then vanish into the forest . a few beat later , lena appear . face drain of colour and emotion . she stare at the foliate people . cur to - - the statue garden . lena have set all the figure on fire . she 's watch they burn . and she 's howling with rage and grief . for radek , sheppard , thorensen , and kane . setting fire to the forest feel like revenge . from orange flame , wrap around human form - - cut to black . 104 . caption : part 3 - the lighthouse cuT to - ext . beach - day a long hook of beach , where the swamp give way to the sea . massively empty . mile of undulate dune , and the great flat ocean . along the beach , strange shape rise . visually similar to the tumour- like growth on the plant and building ... ... but this be make of sand . like massive termite mound , as much as thirty foot high , morphed into spire and oddly organic abstraction . only one other landmark can be see . a couple of mile distant , see through a blue haze of air and sea spray . the lighthouse . slender , tall . and white - where one can still see of the original construction , behind the brightly coloured moss . lead that direction , a snake line of footprint be clearly visible in the damp sand . the trail leave by dr ventress . cur to - lena . stand on the pale sand . wind pull at she hair . she look down at she arm ... ..+. where the bruise have now resolve into something immediately recognisable . the dark circle and blurred indication of pattern have become a tattoo . 105 . exactly the same distinctive image that thorensen wear . the ouroboro . she touch it with she thumb , as half - expect it might wipe away . and when she pull she thumb away - - something move in she flesh . not just a flex . much more fundamental . a bone , shifting and contracting . or a muscle , worm its way to a new position . lena close she eye . ext . the ocean - day from the ocean , a single figure walk along the shore . between the abstract sand structure . in the foreground , the back of a huge whale - like creature break the surface ... ... then slide back beneath the wave . ext . beach / lighthouse - day lena stand on the beach . the lighthouse be still a few hundred metre away . the area here be litter with bone and scrap of clothing . the scene of a massacre , many year ago . blown and blast by the wind , sand , sun , and salt . the bone look like ivory . a bright red backpack have be bleach pink . the body beneath it have almost be completely submerge into the dune . lena reach down and pick up the top half of a skull . the back of the skull morph into the star-shape of a vertebrae , as it have be fuse with its own backbone . lena drop it back on the sand . then continue towards the tall white lighthouse building . 106 . ext . lighthouse - day from the top of the lighthouse , we watch lena approach . below , at its base , its door hang open , swinging in the sea breeze , knock gently against its frame . int . lighthouse - day lena enter the base of the lighthouse . Light filter down from the window , thirty metre above . it illuminate a round room , with some specific feature . a wooden staircase wind up the circular wall to the top of the structure . abandon on the floor , there be some military gear . a backpack , surround by cannister - shape grenade , and a rifle . opposite where lena enter , there be a tunnel in the floor , about two metre in diameter . at its entrance , the wooden board have be pull up , and laid out as a kind of ramp structure , lead downward . inside the tunnel something glow . the soft blue-green light of phosphorescence . finally , in the middle of the room there be a video camera on a tripod . the camera face a long black scorch mark , rise up the curve wall , from a blacken heap on the ground . the nature of the heap be unclear . it 's char and fuse beyond all recognition . lena take this all in . her gaze finally settling on the camera . cuT to - ext . swamp - day - the playback on the camera . which open tight on shelley scream : shelly get away ! get away from I ! it 's a blurred , shaking image . peyton be try to hold shelley , who be bare - chest , and struggle violently . 107 . kane be hold a rifle on they both . all the soldier be unkempt . unwash . bearded . kane let he go for Christ 's sake ! peyton release shelley . shelley break away . running for a tree-line . kane open fire . cuT to - ext . swamp - day - shelley , lie in the grass , film by the cameraman . kane and peyton stand either side . we can see that shelly have be shot in the chest . he 's not dead yet . he 's make a wheeze sound , as he puncture lung collapse . now that the camera be focus and steady , we can also see that shelley have some extremely strange deformation . on he neck , there be a split , or open . effectively a large tracheotomy , shape as a sideways mouth , run from the concave skin above he collar bone to under he chin . Inside the mouth , where there might be a tongue , there be something fat and white and red . it look like a skinned snake . Air bubbles through the blood around it , and the snake be writhe slowly . there be more deformation on shelley be arm . each one be split , just below the elbow , into two . each split have secondary protrusion , finger - like , at irregular interval . peyton look haunt . jaw lock into a rictus . peyton oh God , shelley ... kane cut peyton off - - by lift he gun and fire a quick burst into shelley . in shelley' throat , the skinned snake judder and contort . then stop move . 108. kane pull at peyton 's shoulder . kane come on . cuT to - ext . beach - day - the beach . kane and peyton be stand on the sand , face the ocean . they appear to be wait for something . after a few second , it appear . first , a disturbance in the water - as if cause by a quake on the seab , a hundred metre from the shore . kane jab a finger . kane there . it 's come again . then a area of water be rise , as if form a hill . then the surface of the water break - - and a dolphin launch itself into the air . the dolphin be the size of a blue whale . the vast creature hold for a moment , suspend in mid-air , before gravity take hold . pull it down with a almighty kane turn to the cameraman . wire . Wide -ey . kane ( cont 'd ) unreal . cuT to - ext . beach - night GREEN & white night vision . peyton be fire he machine gun at the night sky . Bright tracer round arc into the star , dip slightly , then burn out . kane what the Hell be you do ? 109 . peyton killing it . kane you be just shoot at star . peyton where the fuck you think it come from ? he fire off another full clip . kane quit waste round ! you be lose it , peyton ! peyton laugh . slam in a fresh magazine . peyton ( to himself ) lose it . oh man . turn to face kane and the cameraman . peyton ( cont 'd ) have you two take a look in the mirror recently ? or even a look at each other ? Cause you really fuck should . peyton flip to he rifle 's underslung grenade launcher . peyton ( cont 'd ) eat it , you son of a bitch ! a hollow thump - as the grenade be fire . then a explosion high in the air , like a firework , momentarily lighting up the sand and water . then a moment of quiet . wave lap on the shore . kane think you get it ? peyton make a sobbing sound . cuT to - ext . beach / lighthouse - the cameraman recording the area of bone , in the dune near the lighthouse . cuT to - 110 . ext . beach / lighthouse - day — kane and peyton . they be a little distance away from the camera , where the dune get flatten by the tide . peyton seem to be have some kind of seizure . he 's on all four , head dip , with he spine buckle as if he 's retching . kane be not help . he just hold he rifle . watch . then peyton lift he head - - revealing there be something wrong with the shape of he skull . at this distance , it 's hard to tell what . some kind of deformation that have elongate he face . some word be exchange between they . a beat . then kane shoot peyton . cuT to - ext . beach - day — kane . he 's a long way distant from the camera . stand waist - deep in the ocean . after a few moment , kane start pound the water with he fist . scream and yell . the rage be miniaturise by the scale of the landscape . Voice almost lose against the surf . then he stop . and look back towards the cameraman . stare . cuT to - ext . lighthouse - day - kane , walk towards the lighthouse . through the tower sand structure . 111. cuT to - int . lighthouse - night - kane enter the lighthouse . he slip off he backpack . lay down he rifle . cuT to - int . lighthouse - night - GREEN & white night vision . the camera position be lock - off , on a tripod , in the middle of the room . it face kane . kane be sit on the floor , cross -legge , with he back to the curve wall . holding something in he hand . kane I think I be a man . kane pause . kane ( cont 'd ) I have a life . people call I kane . but now I be not sure . beat . kane ( cont 'd ) if I be not kane , what be I ? kane look at the cameraman . kane ( cont 'd ) be I you ? be you I ? the cameraman do not answer . kane ( cont ’d ) my flesh move like liquid . my mind be cut loose . beat . then kane look straight down the lens . his pupil glow like a cat 's eye in the infra-re light . 112 . kane ( cont ’d ) I can not bear it . he open he palm . he 's hold one of the cannister - shape grenade . he glance up at the cameraman . kane ( cont 'd ) ever see a phosphorous grenade go off ? Shield you eye . they be kind of bright . kane hesitates . kane ( cont 'd ) and if you ever get back , find lena . cameraman I will . kane pull the pin on the grenade . there be a soft quick tick , like wristwatch by you ear . kane gaze directly at the camera . unafraid . kane five , four , three , two — the next moment - - the grenade detonate . a blind white flame , as if kane be suddenly hold the sun in he lap . a high pressure rush of noise . initially , we can scarcely see kane 's shape through the glow . then it dim slightly , start to burn itself out . we see he blacken shape bend . fall forward onto the sun . a couple of moment pass . the flare continue to die down . then - - the cameraman walk forward . stepping into frame . it 's we first ever view of he . his back be to we . 113 . he gaze at the hunch charcoal figure , as it continue to blaze with the fierce white light . then he turn he head . and in the etched light of the phosphorous , we see he face . it 's kane . on this - - the image freeze . cuT to - int . lighthouse - day - lena . stare at the small screen on the camera , which remain freeze on kane be face . lena ( whisper ) no. her eye flick to the blacken heap under the scorch mark . now able to make sense of the shape . lena ( cont 'd ) no , no , no ... she be interrupt by a sound . a distort scream . echoed and distant , as if have pass through passage and chamber . female . dr ventress . it 's come from the tear up floorboard . the tunnel , that lead down into bedrock . lena look to where the floorboard have be pull up . to the tunnel entrance , and the soft blue-green light . lena control she fear . knuckle white around the grip of she rifle . int . under the lighthouse / tunnel - continuous lena make she way down the tunnel , gun raise . 114 . the wall continue the curve of the lighthouse above , and the floor be sloping downward - - which mean the passage be corkscrew into the ground . it be unclear how the rock have be clear . the wall , ceiling , and floor be make of smooth black rock , like obsidian . the rock be ripple , as if wear smooth by a ancient stream or lava flow . it be seam with phosphorescence - illuminate everything in the way that sea creature light they way in the depth . and the wall seem to be move . or gently undulate . the surface of the wall be cover in cilia . tiny anemone arm wave , catch in the flow of slow - move water . the flow movement be down . deeper into the tunnel . as if what lie inside be feed on what lie outside , and be channel along a vein and capillary structure . int . under the lighthouse / tunnel - continuous as if from lena 's Pov - - we continue . and as we circle downward , the ripple on the smooth black rock wall become more pronounce . then stop be random undulation ... «++. and become form . organic . embed into the rock like fossil . first , there be fractal plant shape . leaf , branch , fern . then , in the flora , there be animal . the pattern armour of a alligator , or its tooth , of the fat swirl of tail . the snout and claw of a bear . the curl of snake . the feather imprint of bird wing . and then - we start to see human . a torso . a arm . a face , try to push out from between the other form . or finger tip , stretch out , as if try to grab or be grab . the tunnel have become a tableau . a boil sea of people and creature - meld and freeze in black marble . 115 . Animal into plant . Plant into human . human into animal . and then - — movement . treacle slow , but unambiguous . no longer freeze . no longer fossil . the wall be alive . or the thing inside they be not dead . and at the moment of that realisation - - the tunnel suddenly stop , and open out into a chamber . int . under the lighthouse / chamber - continuous the chamber be roughly semi-spherical . Three quarter of a sphere , with the bottom levell out into a floor . the sculpt form of human and animal continue across the floor , but as they rise up the wall they taper into curve point . either side of this point , the wall be glassy smooth . the arrangement be similar to petal , as if we be on the inside of flower before it have unfurl . the interior of a vast lotus bulb . the very center of the chamber be particularly bright - because it be to here that the phosphorescent vein and channel all lead . and stand on this brightest point - - be dr ventress . the doctor be internally light . cilia cover she skin like undulate fur . she shimmer gently . lena hesitates in the entrance . she look around . up at the petal structure . down at the energy feed beneath dr ventress . then back to the glow figure of the doctor . lena take a step inside the chamber . lena «+. Doctor ventress ? 116. dr ventress turn to lena . she have the same expression as kane when he appear back home . Alzheimer 's -like . in she eye there be confusion . but through the confusion , a vibrate sense of fear . lena ( cont 'd ) Dr ventress - what 's happen to you ? dr ventress hesitates . as if half - remember . dr ventress I have to know what it be . what be wait . I have to know . beat . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) and now it 's inside I . I can feel it . lena «+ . it 's inside you ? dr ventress yes . lena what be inside you ? dr ventress something old . the very oldest thing . from so far away . from star . of star . lena «+. something alien ? dr ventress yes. alien . dr ventress look down at she glow hand . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) it 's not like I . it 's not like I at all . I do not know what it want . I do not know what it want from I . the cilia on she palm move like wind over a wheat field . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) I think it do not want anything . it do not care . it do not feel anything . 117 . as she talk , something disturbing begin to happen to dr ventress . split , complex fissure , start rippling across she skin . as if she form be become unbalance . she can feel it . the panic be rise in she voice . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) it 's more than death . nothing of what we be will remain . it 's go to annihilate we . that 's what it be . that 's what 's wait . it 's annihilation . dr ventress look back at lena desperately . panic now surging . dr ventress ( cont ’d ) annihilation . then dr ventress can not speak any more . she have start undergo a extraordinary physical transformation . it be a shape-shift of a kind that we mind cannot entirely make sense of - like a computer animation of a four dimensional shape casting a three dimensional shadow . a vector cube that unfold and refold from within itself , its interior indefinably become its exterior . in this case - it be the doctor 's skin that be unfold and refolding . her face split open like a starfish . from out of the starfish , multiple circle of radiating object emerge . gold orb , each with unique radiating mandelbrot - like fern . the rainbow fern radiate ever- increase size and complexity . the concentric circle be endless . the sense of expansion become vast . until the mesh of immense structural detail become - - the mesh of undulate cilia on skin . but dr ventress be go . where she stand , there be a shape . the alien . 118 . a be . a uncoalesce , fracture form . make of light , and ice , liquid . Endless refraction . glimpse within this deliquesc shape , a creature from the world of electron microscope image . surrounded by radiating impression of infinitely smaller version of itself . lena and the be gaze at each other for a few hypnotic second . then the be start unfolding again . expand , collapse in on itself . and this time , during the transformation - - we see fleeting glimpsis of other body and face . sheppard and thorensen . peyton and mayer . unknown team member from the previous expedition . for a moment it be radek who stand in front of lena . then dr ventress again . then the radiating shape have fill the chamber . they surround lena . then lena herself be start to unfold . unravel like fabric . lena no - through this - - she lift she gun . like a dream - - which shatter , the moment she squeeze the trigger and fire . bullet slam into the be . the round have a amazing effect . where they hit the body , a hole expands , like a bullet into ballistic gelatine - but do not contract . where they penetrate the body , they leave bright trail of emerald light , like sunlight through dust mote . for a moment , the be be poise in this state . hugely misshapen . spear with brilliant green . then it expand . transform . and resolves - - into a humanoid figure . sexless . featureless . have the arm , leg , of a human - man or woman . but nothing else . no eye , or mouth , or nose , or muscle form . lena be transfix by the sight . the figure turn to lena . and we see its smooth facial area . internally cover the skin like undulate fur , shimmeri : a beat , between the woman and the humanoid . lena ’'s weapon be out . she have no more clip . she start to run . the humanoid observe she run . then it start to follow she . the first step be slow . the second faster . the third be as fluid and powerful as lena . it start sprinting . int . under the lighthouse / tunnel - continuous lena sprint back up the tunnel . stumble over the shifting meld animal / human crash to the ground . scramble back up . cur to - - the humanoid . in pursuit . 119 . head and torso light . cilia no gently . shape . 120. and we see something strange happen . where lena fall and trip - - the humanoid do exactly the same thing . falling in the same place . in the same way . a simulacrum of lena 's action . cur to - - lena , reach the tunnel exit . climb back up into the base of the lighthouse . int . lighthouse - continuous lena scramble across the room - - towards the door to the lighthouse . but she do not make it . the humanoid simply appear in front of she , before she reach the door . it be unclear how it get there . a freeze beat . then lena strike the humanoid with all she strength . and moment later , in a mirror of she action - - the humanoid strike her back - but with incredible power . lena be send fly backwards across the room . she collide with the camera and tripod . all skid across the room to the wall . but it have provide lena with a weapon . as the humanoid reapproach she , she pick up the tripod and swing it like a club , smash the camera against the humanoid 's head . and again , the humanoid mirror the action . use its arm like a club . for a second time , lena be send hurtle back across the room by the force of the impact . but this time towards kanea backpack . she collide with it , and the phosphorous grenade beside it . 121 . and as she get to she foot , the humanoid be again on she . stand directly in front of she . featureless , eyeless , but somehow watch . utterly , infinitely more powerful than she be . for the first time , we see something beat in lena . something break . lena please - she expect a kill blow . and flinch - - and the humanoid do the same . lena see . she immediately realise what we already know . the humanoid be mimick she . she be fight herself . we can see she think : can this be true . the kill blow still have not come . lena lift a hand . finger tremble with adrenaline and fear . and the humanoid 's opposite hand also rise . she pause . the humanoid 's hand pause . lena 's hand start move again . until - - she touch its cheek . a exact mirror of the gesture where she touch kane be face at the start of the film , when he appear at they bedroom at home . a beat . then the humanoid raise its hand . lena hold motionless , suspend , except for tight breathe and trickle bead of sweat , as the softly glow hand lift to she face ... --. then - - lightly touch she cheek also . 122. and as it do so - - the humanoid start another folding transformation . rippling , fold , collapse . and this time , resolve itself as kane . lena gasp . for a moment , the two face each other . then lena open she mouth to speak . lena ( cont 'd ) ... kane ? beat . kane kane ? another beat . reveal - at lena 's foot - the phosphorous grenade . close , on lena . Processing . control herself . then - slowly - - she reach down . opposite she , in a slightly delay mirror action - - kane do the same . lena 's hand close around one of the metal cannister . kane do the same . lena rise again . never take she eye off kane 's face . kane rise . a final beat . lena watch kane 's face . lena ( whisper ) I be sorry . then lena pull the pin . kane mirror . Soft tick from the cannister . 123. second pass . lena ( cont 'd ) ( breathes ) five , four , three , two — then - lena drop the grenade - - and throw herself sideways . kane 's head turn , see - - but he 's too late to fully react . lenar phosphorous grenade detonate . and a moment later , so do kane be . the interior of the lighthouse be suddenly illuminate by stark white light . the route to the exit be block by the blaze . lena scramble for the stair that spiral up to the top of the lighthouse . climb upwards . beneath she be light and smoke . in the brightness , we can glimpse the shadow shape of the humanoid / kane - shape-shift in silhouette . int . lighthouse / top - day lena have reach the top - a semi-circular balcony around the old housing for the lamp . below she be a fifty foot drop to the burn interior of the lighthouse . the whole wooden structure of the building be start to burn . she kick out a window . the jump to the ground look lethal . the lighthouse be ringed with a concrete platform . the only hope might be the sloping sand dune , just beyond the ring of concrete , which could take the deadly impact out of the fall . but the fire behind do not give she a choice . within a minute , she option will only be to jump or burn . 124. lena take a step back , to give herself the chance to run at the window , and propel herself through with enough force to reach the dune . but as the step back , she jolt . and turn . the humanoid be directly behind she . it 's burn . horribly damage . lock into jittering transformation , none of which can quite resolve . shadows of human and creature and alien form flicker across it . all in expression of agony . it be a truly nightmarish sight . reflexively , lena scream . in its break mirror state , the humanoid also scream . a maw appear where a mouth might be . then , as if with a final effort , it make a final transformation — - and resolve into lena . a literal mirror image . down to the finest detail . they stance mirror each other . they be dress identically . they be smear with blood identically . and we have literally no way of tell who be who . a freeze beat . then one lena lunge at the other . strike . Impacts . and one lena topple backwards , over the edge of the balcony - fall down into the phosphorous blaze . the other watch . tight on her face . as she watch herself fall . blank. 125. held . face illuminate by the bleach light . there be no clear indication as to which lena live , and which lena die . ext . lighthouse - sundown wide on the burn lighthouse . Long flame curl from the top window , into a plume of dark smoke . the sun be set , and be cluster with the psychedelic colour refraction we always see through the shimmer . except that something be clearly happen . the movement and vibration of the shimmer be settling . and the colour be become less intense . then all along the beach , the sand structure start collapse . first one , then three , then seven . then all together . wind collect they as they fall . and as they fall , they reveal a figure walk across the sand towards we . lena . cuT to - ext . southern reach facility / viewing platform - sundown - the view platform of the Southern reach facility , where people be exite from the mess hall . excitedly gather to look at the view over the scrubland to the tree-line ... .+. where the shimmer be now clearly melting away . and the refraction be reverting to the blue , red and orange of a normal , beautiful sunset . pull back . Wide . then CUT to - 126. ext . the night sky - night - a STAR -field in a night sky . dense constellation . the milky Way . drift down . past the moon . to the southern reach facility . and a lone woman walk out of the tree line , across the scrubland towards it . lena . lena ( 0.s. ) I want to see my husband . cuT to - int . southern reach facility / medical ward - night - a medical ward . lena be walk down it , with a doctor alongside , and two spec ops soldier follow . doctor it be miraculous . it happen the same night that the shimmer disappear . his blood pressure stabilise , and he pulse rate start to rise . by the next morning , he be not only awake . he be lucid . coherent . they have reach a door in the ward . through the glass panel , lena can see kane inside . sitting at a chair . gazing out of the window . doctor ( cont 'd ) there 's no trace of abnormality anywhere in he system . lena I would like to see he alone . int . southern reach facility / ward room - continuous lena enter . close the door behind she . 127 . kane look round , and they lock eye . neither speak . after a moment , lena go to the window . look out at the night sky . lena be you kane ? silence . then kane give a slight shake of the head . kane I do not know . beat . kane ( cont 'd ) be you lena ? lena hesitates . then turn to face he . behind her - - we can see through the window to the night sky . and in that sky , we see a shoot STAR . then another . then another . cuT to - int . lower atmosphere - night - the shoot star as falling meteor . as we see in the open image of the film . a hunk of rock , burn as it fall through Earth 's atmosphere . and as the nearest meteor split apart , we see in its core . something shimmer . CUT to black . end