anonymous written by John orloff 1 black screen 1 title begin over the sound of city traffic . fade up : 2 ext . theater district of broadway - dusk 2 the sidewalk be fill with theater - goer head for they show . cab line the street . side alley a cab quickly turn into the alley , come to a screeching halt . a man in a grey suit jump out and rush to the side entrance of a theater . in the background we see that the title of the play , " anonymous " , be write on the theatre 's marquee ... 3 int . broadway theater - backstage - dusk 3 we follow the man in the grey suit as he rush through narrow backstage hallway , pass several actor dress in elizabethan costume , apply they make - up , etc ... title continue . 4 int . broadway theater - backstage / empty stage - dusk 4 the curtain be still close , and the sound of the audience excitedly murmuring behind they be hear . . stagehands be move stage light as -- a stage manager take a nervous peek through the curtain to check the audience -- it 's a full house . he hold a prop umbrella in one hand , anxiously check he watch in the other . he look on both wing of the stage -- and then relief flood he face as he see the man in the grey suit hurry over to he . the stage manager wordlessly hand he the umbrella and signal to a stagehand in the background . the curtain start to OPEN and the murmur of the audience die down . 1 pg . 2 5 int . broadway theater - the stage - continuous 5 the man with the umbrella stand on the empty stage , a single light on he . he be " prologue " . ( we will see the same actor later as the " prologue " of Henry V ) . " prologue " regards he audience for a beat before : prologue soul of the Age ! the applause , delight , the wonder of we stage ! we Shakespeare , rise ... ( beat , repeat ) we Shakespeare ... for he be all of ours , be he not ? the most perform playwright of all time ! the author of 37 play , 154 sonnet , and several epic poem that be collectively know as the ultimate expression of humanity in the English language . and yet ... and yet ... ( beat ) not a single manuscript of any kind have ever be find write in Shakespeare 's own hand . in four hundred year , not one document -- be it poem , play , diary or even a simple letter . ( beat ) he be bear the son of a glove- maker , and at some unknown time , armed with but a elementary school education , he go to London where , the story go , he become a actor and eventually a playwright . off stage a stagehand take a wooden hammer and beat against a flat metal pate , create the sound of thunder . another stagehand start to lift shutter in front of a stage light back and forth to create lightning strike . on stage " prologue " open he umbrella . prologue ( cont 'd ) he die at the age of 56 , and be survive by he wife and two daughter who be , like Shakespeare 's own father , irrefutably illiterate . 2 pg . 3 off stage in the rafter a stagehand open valve . it start to rain . prologue ( o.c. ) ( cont 'd ) his will famously leave he second best bed to he widow . but it make no mention of a single book or manuscript . the actor who will play " Ben jonson " ( mid 30' ) appear in the wing , bearded , ready to go on stage , hold a prop leather manuscript . behind he a group of elizabethan " soldier " strap on they sword . on stage " prologue " continue , as do title . prologue ( cont 'd ) be it possible Shakespeare own no book at he death because ... he could not read ? that he write no letter because he , like he father before he and he child after he , could not write ? ( let that sink in , then ) we Shakespeare be a cypher , a ghost ; he biography make not by history ... but by conjecture . his story not write with fact , but with ... imagination . the rain have intensify . " prologue " turn and the camera start to leave he and the title end .... prologue ( cont 'd ) ( more energetic ) so ! let I offer you a different story . a darker story ... of quill and sword . of power and betrayal . of a stage conquer , and a throne lose ! a flash of lightning , and for a moment only sheet of rain be visible . no stage , no " prologue " . then , trough the rain , we see a form of a man ... Ben jonson ... run . then we make out the shape of house ... a street . we be not on a stage anymore . we be : 3 pg . 4 6 ext . bankside london - 1604 night 6 jonson -- carry the manuscript -- run up the street toward a large circular theater . he frantically open the wooden door to the theater -- 7 int . the rose theater - night 7 -- and he quickly bolt it behind he , turn , and desperately look for a place to hide . he run towards the stage as -- 8 ext . the rose theater - continuous 8 about a dozen uniform guard reach the door . they be lead by Sir Richard pole ( 40 ) , Captain of the Guard . pole break it down ! and several of the guard charge the door with they pike , hitting it hard . pole ( cont 'd ) again ! 9 int . the rose theater - continuous 9 jonson hurry backstage , and disappear from we view just as -- 10 ext / int . the rose theater - continuous 10 -- the guard smash the door open . pole be the first in . pole jonson ! jonson !! show yourself ! the soldier immediately spread out into different part of the theater . jonson 's go . because -- jonson have move under the stage silently scurrying like a rat try to find a place to hide among the stack of prop and costume ( sword , mask , flag and banner , shield , barrel , canon , etc . ) but jonson freeze when he see -- 4 pg . 5 through the crack of the stage' floorboard -- the soldier jump onto the stage and spread out , pole amongst they . pole ( cont 'd ) out with you ! jonson ! we will smoke you out like a rat if we have to ! ( beat ) jonson ?! jonson !! nothing . a beat , then -- pole ( cont 'd ) ( to a soldier ) torch it . the soldier hesitates . pole ( cont 'd ) torch it ! all of you ! the soldier obey , lighting fire to the wall , the gallery , the column as -- jonson gasp in horror . desperate -- he spy a open metal box nearby fill with un - use firework . he toss the firework out of the box -- and then place the bound manuscript in they place , then close the box . then -- he grab a nearby rapier as -- flame -- begin to take hold everywhere : the column at the front of the stage ... the trompe- l'oeil wall ... the seating gallery ... the column ... a trap door open center-stage , and jonson jump out , the rapier in he right hand , ready for a fight . but -- three soldier jump onto the stage , pike ready . jonson - - no fool - turn and run for the other end of the stage -- but then run smack into four other soldier ! ballock ! jonson turn this way and that -- nowhere to run -- grin wryly , drop he sword . raise he hand in surrender . 5 pg . 6 11 ext . the rose theater - night 11 jonson , he hand tie behind he , be push through the door , pole follow . a small crowd of actor , whore , etc. , watch the theater burn . the guard have to push they way through they . insert the fire reach the firework below the theater 's stage , and -- back to scene -- the SOUND of firework exploding make jonson turn and see : the theater timber crash and firework explode over the theater . 12 ext . the thame river - dawn 12 a longboat carry jonson , pole and the guard make its way towards the Tower of London . 13 int . tower of london - a interrogation room - dawn 13 jonson be throw into a chair , a guard on either side of he . it 's dark -- the only light come from a few torch in the wall , and a large fire pit at the far side of the room . a interrogator ( 30' ) face he . dress all in black , he be wispy thin . interrogator you be Benjamin jonson , playwright ? Son of William jonson , glass - blower , son of James jonson brick - layer ? jonson nod . interrogator ( cont 'd ) and have you ever be arrest before , Mr. jonson ? jonson I be a writer , be not I ? of course I have bloody well be -- 6 pg . 7 and a guard backhand jonson on the face full force -- hard enough to send jonson and the chair to the ground . his nose start to bleed . as the Guards pull he up , the interrogator look across the room -- there be someone else there , a figure , watch , but cloak in the darkness . jonson notice the figure as well . we hear a voice from the darkness . figure ask he about the play . jonson ( to the interrogator ) Plays ? ( to the figure ) which would you prefer , my lord ? a pastoral ? a historical ? a historical - pastoral , or a hysterical historical pastoral -- and smack ! he 's hit by the guard again . he spit out a tooth . interrogator we be not interested in you play , jonson . we be interested in the play give to you by Edward de Vere , Earl of Oxford . jonson stare at he a beat , and then look into the darkness . jonson I be sorry my lord , but I be not sure I know whereof you speak . I have have the honor of meeting he lordship -- and smack -- flash CUT to : face laugh . not in this room , somewhere else . somewhere outside . before we really understand what we be see we be : back in the cell jonson blink , try to stay conscious . his mouth be rip , bleed . so be he nose . 7 pg . 8 the skin have break on he forehead . the interrogator lean into the bloody jonson . interrogator where be the play ? before jonson even have a chance to answer -- smack ! CUT to : more face laugh . we be : 14 int . the rose theater - day 14 and it be nine year earlier . the face come from a audience watch a play . they find the performance hysterical . 15 ext . rose theater / bankside london - continuous 15 the Rose tower above the nearby building " bankside " ( the part of London that house the theater , whorehouse , etc . ) . the Rose tower above the nearby building " bankside " ( the part of London that house the theater , whorehouse , etc . ) . southampton ( o.s. ) well ? two men walk towards the theater . Edward de Vere ( 47 ) , the Earl of oxford , a intensely handsome man . his clothes have see better day . his companion be Henry wriothesley , Earl of southampton ( 22 ) . blonde , attractive , a bit of a pretty boy -- and extremely enthusiastic . southampton ( cont 'd ) wonderful , be not it ? oxford ( frown slightly ) well , it 's certainly ... big . 8 pg . 9 southampton I promise you , Edward , you have see nothing like it before ! nothing ! oxford bricklayer and whore watch aristophone ? you be quite right , Henry , not only have I never witness it , I be not sure I care to . southampton ( teasing ) you be a elitist , you know that , Edward ? Oxford pause at the entrance . oxford there will not be puppet , will there ? southampton grin and give a few coin to a usher , who escort the two of they ( the retainer stay outside ) inside . usher my lord ... int . the entry of the rose theater - continuous the usher take they up a flight of stair . Oxford observe everything as they walk . southampton the stage - craft be quite spectacular . Far more elaborate than anything I have see at court . I have witness be - heading that god as my witness look as real as at the Tower , cannon fire in battle ... they come to the second floor , where a selling - maid have a box of food and drink in front of she bosom -- much like a match-stick girl . selling -maid ale ? mutton , mis ' lord ? southampton wave she off as they follow the usher up another flight of stair . 9 pg. 10 southampton ... and last week , they have some sort of a device to hoist cherub into the air and fly over the entire audience ! oxford a apò mekhane then . deus ex machina . Machine of the god . and as they ascend up more stair , Oxford catch glimpsis of the stage and performance through the rafter and over the head of the attend audience . oxford ( cont 'd ) whenever the Greeks write they heroes into a situation from which they could not write they way out -- Oxford be become intrigue by the theater , almost despite himself . oxford ( cont 'd ) -- out come the apò mekhane then ... as when hippolytus be save by artemis , or medea fly to athen ... always good for a apò mekhane then be euripide Oxford continue up , two step behind southampton . they come to the third floor and enter the box seating area reserve for noble , give Oxford he first real look at the theater itself . Oxford look around and see - from oxford Pov audience member laughing -- other drinking -- maid selling food -- the actor acting ... it 's alive . magical . back to oxford Oxford take it all in , almost stunne by it . on-stage the actor William shakespeare ( 30 ) play a commoner . he be handsome , sexy , charismatic ; and hold a tankard of ale , and swig from it constantly . another actor spencer ( 30 ) play " fastidious " ; a pompous , over - dress , caricature of a nobleman . 10 pg . 11 he wear a enormous feather on he hat . also on stage be a actor call John heminge ( late 40' ) , who play " sogliardo " shakespeare and whither be you riding now , signior ? " fastidious " who , I ? what a silly jest 's that ! whither should I ride but to the court ? shakespeare o , pardon I , sir , twenty place more ; you hot-house , you pig-house , or you whore - house ! the audience roar in laughter as Shakespeare look below at a buxom young lady among the " groundling " . he smile seductively . she smile back . backstage jonson ( now 25 and clean - shaven ) be watch the performance from behind a curtain , silently speak the line with the actor . in the raised seating a group of playwright and poet watch the play with a air of judgement . they be : Christopher " kit " marlowe ( 32 ) , young , brilliant , a bit foppish ( he like the boy ) , Thomas nashe ( late 30 's ) - - a heavy - set , a hard drink satirist -- and Thomas dekker ( 29 ) , consider a bit of a hack by he colleague . they be call the " mermaid 's wit " because they frequent a pub name the mermaid 's tavern . nashe ( take a swig of ale ) his second play , and almost a full house . ( burp ) he 's get a wit , do jonson . marlowe that might be so , but like a grain of wheat hide in a bushel of chaff : you shall seek all day ere you find it , and when you have it , it 's not worth the search ! 11 pg. 12 the other smile as a woman pass . woman ale ! ale !! dekker marlowe -- spot I a few pence , will you ? henslowe still owe I for " shoemaker 's holiday " . marlowe ( retrieve coin ) that would be because no one see " shoemaker 's holiday " . dekker ale here ! marlowe give the woman a few penny as -- nashe kit ... be not that one of you unrequite love in the box over there ? marlowe glance across the theater and spot southampton site next to Oxford . marlowe ( frown ) but with whom ? tell I not he prefer the company of such old grey man as that ! nashe squint . nashe I think -- yes , by the beard , that 's the Earl of Oxford . Old Tom hooker use to play for he . have he own act troupe for private Court performance and the like . dekker I wonder if he need any material ? marlowe certainly not any of yours . nashe no , no -- that be year ago . have a fall out with the Queen , I hear . he 's more of a recluse than a patron this day . 12 pg . 13 on stage Shakespeare point to " fastidious " . shakespeare who , he , the noble there ? why , he 's a gull , a fool , no salt in he i' the earth ; man , he look like a fresh salmon keep in a tub ! Shakespeare strut around as though he own the place . the more he talk , the more the audience roar in laughter . shakespeare ( cont 'd ) he sleep with a musk - cat every night , and walk all day hang would in perfume chain for penance . a groundling oi ! so that 's what I be smell ! more groundling laugh . interestingly -- noblemen in the box seat do not . on stage Shakespeare continue he rant , speak directly to the groundling . shakespeare he have he skin tann would in civet , to make he complexion strong , and the sweetness of he youth last in the sense of he sweet lady . and , sadly , the poor man 's brain be lighter than he feather ... as the audience howl in laughter , we see : a nobleman with a feathered hat get up in fury , and exit the theater , he lady with he . the audience laugh at he as he go . on stage Shakespeare smile triumphantly . 13 pg. 14 shakespeare ( cont 'd ) he be a good and empty puff , but he love you well , signior . I wish you well with he . oxford watch the nobleman with the big feathered hat pass by . backstage later in the play ... Shakespeare return backstage and take a deep swig from he tankard . he 's actually drunk , though he performance do not show it at all . he spot jonson , and grab he . shakespeare ( cont 'd ) jonson ! wonderful dialogue ! wonderful . I hope you next -- henslowe ( o.c . ) will ! will Shakespeare ! Shakespeare turn to see a furious Philip henslowe ( 50 be ) head he way . henslowe ( cont 'd ) that 's not ale in that goblet be it ? Shakespeare hide the goblet behind he back . shakespeare ale ? me? drink during a performance ? I be a professional sir ! ( burp ) a complete and -- he be interrupt by scream . not from actor on stage , but by the audience . in the theater complete panic erupt as dozen of the Queen 's Guard STORM into the theater . everyone try to get out as quickly as possible , include the other actor , Henry condell ( 20' ) , Thomas pope ( 30' ) , William sly ( 13 ) . sir richard pole , the captain of the guard -- jump on stage . 14 pg . 15 pole this play have be declare seditious and illegal by Lord William cecil ! the audience begin to boo at the mention of cecil . pole ( cont 'd ) all be herewith order to disperse immediately ! a groundling why do not you disperse William cecil 's arse ! pole arrest that man ! in oxford BOX southampton damn it all . well ! off to Essex 's then ? he get up . Oxford do not , seemingly interested in the real drama below as everyone hurry from the theater . southampton ( cont 'd ) Edward ? Oxford turn to he , distract , and nod . on stage jonson push he way on stage . jonson ( to pole ) seditious ? seditious ?! it 's a comedy for god 's sake ! there 's nothing seditious about -- pole oi , be that right , be it ? and you know this because ? jonson because I write the bloody thing ! and - - pole arrest he as well ! jonson be grab by guard . 15 pg. 16 17 int . a jail cell - day 17 jonson be thrown into the cell , the door slammed behind he . jonson ( to the door ) a pox on you ! ( beat ) and you carbuncle father ! jonson look around -- the cell be fill with a dozen or so other prisoner . essex ( o.s. ) people tax to the point of starvation , Spain run the New World , open revolt in Ireland , Catholic plot everywhere you turn ... CUT to : 18 int . tennis court at essex house - day 18 Robert , Earl of essex ( 28 ) , be play tennis against southampton . he 's handsome , red-headed , and , we will learn , very ambitious . essex ... and how do the cecil spend they time and energy ? shut a theater ! a theater , for god 's sake ? it 's madness ! no wonder the mob hate they so ! the court be inside , and slightly different from today 's game : the back wall be playable , somewhat like racquet - ball . Oxford sit on a bench , watch . Essex slam a shot , but it go -- oxford out ! Essex look furious , but hold he tongue . southampton prepare to serve . oxford ( cont 'd ) ( to southampton ) Henry , how many people be at that play ? 16 pg. 17 southampton pause before serve . southampton hmm ? I be not sure , two thousand , maybe more . southampton serve . Essex return , and another heat rally begin . oxford and how many performance be there of a play like that ? southampton five or six I suppose . he hit the ball again , and this time Essex miss it . essex by the --! oxford ( to Essex ) so ! ten thousand soul . all listen to the writings of one man -- the idea of one man . that 's power , Robert . and if there be one thing the cecil understand , it 's power . essex ( snort ) and when do word ever win a kingdom ? I think I will keep my sword , thank you very much . southampton serve as Oxford smile at Essex 's naiveté . 19 int . changing room / essex house - day 19 southampton and Essex be dress out of they tennis clothes and into they normal clothes , assist by two valet . essex ( to the valet ) leave we . ( they exit ) Henry ... some of my man have ... intercept ... some of William cecil 's recent correspondence with King James of Scotland ... 17 pg . 18 southampton pause in clothing himself . this be serious . essex ( cont 'd ) cecil 's all but promise he the throne ... southampton to James ? Elizabeth would never agree to - essex Elizabeth be old . Ill . not of she old mind . sometimes she do not even recognize I . and yet , still she refuse to name a heir . southampton but a Scotsman ? on the tudor throne ? essex you be not in the privy Council . Elizabeth do everything the cecil wish of she . everything ! behind they Oxford enter . they do not notice , though . he instantly realize he should not say anything . he listen as : wider essex ( cont 'd ) think , Henry , if James owe cecil he throne , cecil will have more influence in the next reign than he do in this one . and after William cecil , he hunch - back son will take he place ... ( careful ) that be why we must do everything in we power to ensure that the right man succeed she . ( beat ) a man deserve of the tudor crown . southampton stiffen at that last phrase . essex ( cont 'd ) I ask you for the support of you and you man , Henry .... if it come to a fight . 18 pg. 19 southampton look at Essex hard . southampton you know you need not ask . I stand with you , as I always have . Essex smile at he warmly . they both hear something shuffle behind they . they turn , and see : where oxford be stand nothing . he be go . back to southampton and essex they exchange a slightly worried look . CUT to : 20 ext . essex house - day 20 moment later , Oxford and southampton be exite the elaborate building that serve as Essex 's London residence . oxford Essex play rather poorly , do not he ? southampton just nod , distract . Oxford reach out to he , and touch he shoulder . oxford ( cont 'd ) ( warning ) Henry ... the cecil brook no rival . southampton pause , confuse for a instant , then -- southampton ( be : he discussion with Essex ) you hear ? Oxford nod . southampton ( cont 'd ) always concerned for I , be not you Edward ? they keep walk towards southampton 's man . southampton ( cont 'd ) and what would you have I do ? 19 pg. 20 oxford I would have you deny he . southampton the son of the Queen ? oxford that be rumor only , Henry -- they stop . southampton make sure that he man be out of earshot . southampton rumor ? my god , all you have to do be look at Essex to see the Queen 's reflection . everyone think he 's she son , everyone ! and I for one would rather bow to a tudor , bastard though he may be , than a Scotsman ! oxford I desire nothing more than to see the next king be the rightful king . but what Essex contemplate will surely lead to Civil War . ( beat ) no . if this be to be do , it must be do carefully , skillfully . southampton as I hear it , Elizabeth exile you from she presence for the last twenty year because of you " skill " at Court politics . and then he feel instantly ashamed of have say that . oxford I only have you interest in mind , Henry . for as you so rightly point out , my interest be already lose . southampton I know . forgive I . you know how I feel about you . you have be a great friend to I ever since my father die . I promise you that I will do nothing rash without consulting you first . Oxford nod , still worried , and southampton head for he horse . 20 pg. 21 oxford Henry ! will you do I one thing more ? deliver a gift for I ? a rather ... elaborate gift ? 21 ext . cecil house - sunset 21 the stone house be nothing like a stereotypical tudor house ; it 's enormous , and very ornate and intricate in design . it face the river , and have a elaborate docking area which be now fill with all sort of longboat let the noblemen off for a week - end get away . 22 int . cecil house - great hall - dusk 22 most of England 's nobility be assemble in small group , talk . it 's a dour , quiet affair . some music , no life . quite puritan . southampton be there , but Essex and Oxford be nowhere to be see . a hunch - backed man -- make he way through the room , cause conversation to cease as he walk by . even the most senior of the noble bow they head slightly in greeting he . this be Sir ROBERT cecil ( mid 30' ) . he pause near southampton . southampton Sir Robert . ROBERT cecil my lord of southampton . ( look around ) have you see Essex ? southampton I believe he be still in the view chamber with she majesty ... ROBERT cecil ( sharp , annoyed ) alone ? 21 pg. 22 southampton ( smile ) with you father in London deal with all the trouble in Ireland , who else should the Queen turn to but Essex ? Robert cecil look annoyed , but hold he tongue as the SOUND of pike hitting the floor silence the hall . a footman clear he throat and -- footman by the grace of god , she majesty , Elizabeth , Queen of England , Wale and Ireland ! double door open , and Elizabeth ( in she 60' ) enter . she be wear a large sparkling pearl - encrust dress with a wide collar . she walk slowly and carefully , and have a slight tremor in she head and hand . she seem un -certain ; like she 's not sure she recognize all the face around she ( Alzheimer 's ? ) . and she compensate for it by be all the more regal , all the more un -human . Essex be on she arm , dress in a splendid jewel - encrust doublet . Robert cecil frowns at the sight of Essex on she arm . Essex ignore cecil 's glare , notice southampton -- essex ( to Elizabeth ) ah -- majesty , I have be tell my lord of southampton have a gift for you . elizabeth ( eye sparkle ) a gift ? southampton yes , you grace , though not from I . southampton clap he hand and a door across the room open . a dwarf enter , follow by dance faire , actor swirl sparkler , and musician play music . 22 pg. 23 Elizabeth 's rheumy eye widen in complete delight , a smile of total jubilation cross she face . Robert cecil , on the other hand , look horrify . elizabeth be you this gift , my precious little man ? dwarf no , no , my most majestic majesty . I be a free man . my gift be a play , majesty . elizabeth a play ? the dwarf bow he assent . ROBERT cecil ( to the dwarf ) Plays be the work of the devil , bear from a cesspool of plague , whoredom , thievery , fornication , and heresy . you may tell you master that she majesty -- essex ( interrupt ) -- will gladly accept you gift . Robert cecil turn to Essex , shocked . essex ( cont 'd ) ( to Elizabeth ) of course that be if you so desire , majesty . ( to Robert cecil ) the choice be she majesty 's to make , not yours . be that not so Sir Robert ? Robert frown as Elizabeth look around , unsure of the political tide around she . then -- elizabeth ( to the dwarf ) Comedy ? or tragedy ? dwarf Comedy , majesty . elizabeth ( delighted ) a comedy ! ( more ) 23 pg. 24 elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) by whom ? dwarf by ... anonymous , you majesty ... elizabeth anonymous ...? ( then ) oh , but I do so admire he verse ... Elizabeth let go of Essex , and offer she hand to the dwarf , who smile brightly . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) lead we to this gift . and the dwarf lead Elizabeth towards the door . Essex follow , and southampton lock into step next to he . they exchange a know look as -- Robert cecil step in line far after the Queen , not happy with this turn of event as we hear -- " quince " ( o.s. ) bless thee , bottom ! bless thee ! thou art translate ! CUT to : 23 ext . the ground at cecil house - night 23 sheer magic . candle everywhere : in stake , in the ground , in the tree . they light a make- shift " stage " surround by huge oak tree on three side . " bottom " I see they knavery : this be to make a ass of I ; to fright I , if they could . but I will not stir from this place , do what they can . chair have be bring out and put in row in the grass . Elizabeth be watch center front row ( of course ) . she love it , squealing in delight like a young woman . Essex be next to she . 24 pg. 25 on stage several actor be mid-scene in " a midsummer night 's dream " ( Act 3 , scene 1 ) , they make - up quite elaborate and fantastical : " bottom " , who be costume as a man -- except that he have a donkey's head , " quince " , a commoner , " puck " , play by the dwarf who be now dress like a cupid , and " titania " , Queen of the fairy , who be presently asleep in a bed of fur . puck hide behind a tree watch . " bottom " ( cont 'd ) I will walk up and down here , and I will sing , that they shall hear I be not afraid . backstage Oxford watch from behind a curtain , carefully observe the Queen 's reaction . somehow we feel that see she again after so many year stir up some deep emotion in he . on stage " bottom " ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) the ousel cock so black of hue , with orange - tawny bill , the throstle with he note so true , the wren with little quill -- titania awaken in she nest - like bed of fur . " titania " what angel wake I from my flow'ry bed ? elizabeth strongly react to titania awaken . it stir some memory in she . a pleasant memory . oxford watch , delighted by she reaction . from he Pov we see Elizabeth watch . but it be a Elizabeth only 26 year old ( refer to as young elizabeth in this script ) . we hear the sound of other dialogue , but from the same play . we be : 25 pg. 26 24 int . hedingham castle - great hall - night 24 thirty - eight year earlier . and young elizabeth watch a earlier , slightly less sophisticated staging of " a midsummer night 's dream " ( the costume and set be a bit more throw together ) . all the actor be child from 7 - 12 year old or so . from backstage a boy watch in the exact same position as we just see Oxford . this be boy oxford -- now only 10 year old . but he be make up and wear a winge costume for the character of " puck " . " oberon " ( o.s. ) ... and the owner of it blest ever shall in safety rest . trip away ; make no stay ; meet I all by break of day . and the character of " oberon " and " titania " exit . Boy Oxford hurry -- on stage " puck " if we shadow have offended , think but this , and all be mend , that you have but slumber would here while this vision do appear ... next to Young Elizabeth , JOHN do vere , Oxford 's father , also watch , he face beam with pride . " puck " ( cont 'd ) ... and this weak and idle theme , no more yield but a dream , gentle , do not reprehend ; if you pardon , we will mend . a stern looking man be watch a few seat away from Young Elizabeth . he be william cecil ( 40' , Robert 's father ) . he be a puritan , dress all in black ( with a white lace collar ) , and have a long beard . he be frown , loathing the play . 26 pg. 27 on stage " puck " ( cont 'd ) so , good night unto you all . give I you hand , if we be friend , and Robin shall restore amend . the play now over , Young Elizabeth applaud with delight , as do the small group of courtier all around she . young elizabeth Lovely . Lovely ! CUT to : 25 int . hedingham castle - kitchen - later 25 a make - shift " back -stage " where all the young " actor " be remove they costume and make - up , include Boy Oxford , who sit in front of a make - shift , lean mirror . much excited talk and commotion , until Boy Oxford notice everyone have go silent . he turn -- he winge costume still on -- just as -- young elizabeth ( o.s. ) ah ! there he be . Young Elizabeth and she senior Court , include William cecil and John De Vere , have enter . Boy Oxford bow deeply . young elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( to Boy Oxford ) you father tell I you write this evening 's play yourself . Boy Oxford glance at he father -- should he answer directly ? his father nods . boy oxford I do indeed , you majesty . young elizabeth you sport with I . ( smile ) compose something . boy oxford now ? 27 pg. 28 young elizabeth yes. now . boy oxford on what subject , you grace ? she think . then -- young elizabeth ( smile ) Truth ... boy oxford ( think , then - -) for ... Truth ... be Truth ... though ... never so old ... and time can not make that false , which once be true . she smile , clap . young elizabeth ( to John de Vere ) my lord of Oxford . it seem you have add a poet to you family 's long line of warrior . boy oxford madam , I be as accomplish with the sword and the musket as I be with verse . young elizabeth ( amused ) be you indeed ? boy oxford ( nod seriously ) it be my only desire to one day be you majesty 's most trust servant in matter both of war and state , if you will but have I . young elizabeth ( charme ) why , Lord cecil , it seem we may very well have find you replacement . william cecil we hope not too soon , majesty , we hope not too soon . 28 pg. 29 young elizabeth ( teasing ) and how like you we young lord 's play , William ? William cecil stiffen in discomfort . young elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( to Boy Oxford , conspiratorially ) we Lord cecil be we most religious of subject , and no doubt think you little masque will deliver you soul straight into the arm of lucifer himself . do not you , William ? the Boy Oxford look at William cecil , perplex by such a thing . william cecil that be God 's decision , you majesty . not mine . William cecil look directly at John de Vere result in a uncomfortable silence . Elizabeth notice . young elizabeth well , if play be indeed such a sin , I pray I do not find my salvation until very late in life . Boy Oxford smile . he might very well be in love . CUT to : 26 int . a jail cell - day 26 thirty - eight year later . the door sweep open and a snore , sleep jonson be awaken by -- guard ( o.s. ) jonson ! Ben jonson ! the other prisoner make way as the guard approach jonson . the guard toss a wax - seal piece of parchment onto jonson 's lap . guard ( cont 'd ) you have be release . jonson look at it , confuse . 29 pg. 30 guard ( cont 'd ) get powerful friend , now , do not you ? 26a ext . a boat - river thame - day 26 a jonson be in a nobleman 's longboat ( for the first time in he life ) . across from he sit francesco -- italian , 60' -- wear a doublet with the Oxford coat of arm on its chest . the City of London be far in the distance . jonson look around uncomfortably at the luxurious boat for a moment before -- jonson and who be you ? francesco just stare back . jonson ( cont 'd ) and where be we go ? francesco be silent . wider the boat approach a large stone house , Oxford Stone . CUT to : a red rose as it be cut from its bush by ink-stain hand . we be : 27 ext . oxford stone - garden - day 27 Oxford smell the rise , inhale its essence . then he turn and see francesco escort Ben jonson towards he . before they reach he he glance at he wife anne De Vere ( 40' ) who sit in the distance knitting with one of they daughter 's , BRIDGET ( 17 ) . jonson be quite uncomfortable to be at such a grand place . jonson clear he throat . jonson my lord ... 30 pg. 31 oxford the tudor rise . the most beautiful of flower , do not you think ? jonson it look to I to have quite a number of thorns , my lord . oxford so it do . so it do . jonson I be tell , my lord , that I owe my freedom to you . oxford that be true . and it be quite hard to come by . one do not cross my father - in - law lightly . jonson do not know who he be talk about . oxford ( cont 'd ) Lord William cecil . I have the questionable distinction of be marry to he only daughter . Oxford look over to he wife who watch they suspiciously . he begin to walk away force jonson and francesco to follow . oxford ( cont 'd ) it do , however , serve as helpful when I write to you jailer to release you in my father - in - law 's name . jonson suddenly look worried and turn and look back to Anne . jonson ( in a panicked whisper ) my lord -- I be sorry , do that mean my release be not officially sanction ? oxford do not be a idiot jonson , of course it be not . ( beat ) but you be free , be you not ? they have come to a entrance to a garden maze and Anne watch they as they disappear into the maze . 31 pg. 32 28 ext . maze - day 28 Oxford turn to jonson . oxford I enjoy you little comedy last week , jonson . you have potential , great potential . jonson thank you , my lord . oxford but it 's politics do seem to have quite a effect on the Tower . my father - in- law 's man feel it quite seditious . jonson Politics ? my play have nothing to do with politics ! it be just a simple comedy -- oxford that show you better as fool who go through life barely manage to get food from plate to mouth , be it not for the cleverness of they servant . ( beat ) all art be political , jonson . otherwise it would just be decoration . and all artist have something to say , otherwise ... they would make shoe . and you be not a cobbler , be you , jonson ? as they enter the center of the maze , Oxford turn to he servant . oxford ( cont 'd ) ( nod ) francesco . francesco step forward and hand jonson a leather bound manuscript . jonson look at it confuse and open it . jonson a play , my lord ? oxford one you shall stage bankside . jonson stage ? 32 pg. 33 oxford under you name . jonson my name , my lord ? oxford I can not very well use my name , can I ? I be the seventeenth Earl of Oxford . the Lord great Chamberlain of England , viscount bolebec , Lord escale , sandford and badlesmere , etc , etc . no . I have a ... reputation to protect . in my world , one do not write play , jonson . people like you do . jonson try not to be offended . jonson yes . my lord . you write a entire play , my lord . I know how difficult -- oxford not a play , jonson , I have write many . no doubt , many more than you yourself . a good number perform at Court year ago , other never see by a live soul . jonson and you want ... I to apply my name to this play ? oxford no . I mean you to put you name to all of they . jonson all of they ? oxford well do not look like I just gut you pet dog , jonson . I mean to make you the most popular - - and therefore the most monetarily successful -- playwright in all of London . jonson pale . this be a disaster for he . oxford ( cont 'd ) I wish you god speed and good morrow . jonson look down at the manuscript , read a few line . 33 pg. 34 jonson my lord -- I really -- he look up , but Oxford be go , have leave the maze without so much as a good - bye . jonson ( cont 'd ) my lord ? but before he can follow , francesco toss a leather pouch of coin at he foot . francesco that be for you trouble , signor jonson . and you silence . if I hear you break that silence , then ... not so good for signor jonson . and francesco follow after he master as jonson pick up the pouch , examine its content . and then jonson realize he do not know how to get out of the maze . he chase after they . jonson hello ? my lord ?! I -- and he 's lose . he look this way and that , then pick a path ( the wrong one ) . 29 ext . cecil house - day 29 Robert cecil be stand at the opulent river entrance to cecil House , wait for a enormous barge docking . William cecil ( now 75 ) be at the front of the barge , wait to disembark . he constantly hold a ornately carve white cane . william cecil so ! I be go for three day , and you somehow manage to let she spend all of they solely in the company of the Earl of Essex ... Robert cecil look at he sharply . how do he know . william cecil ( cont 'd ) do not think because I be in London , I do not know exactly what go on here in my absence . 34 pg. 35 ROBERT cecil he be a Earl , father . I can not deny he -- william cecil of course not ! you do not deny he anything . you find excuse . she be unwell , she be read , she be see the ambassador from Russia . for God 's sake , use you imagination , Robert . whatever will you do when I be go ? ( beat ) we will have to deal with Essex soon . his ambition be become a nuisance . 30 int . cecil house - hallway - day 30 William cecil enter a impressive hallway and turn to he son . william cecil now tell I about the play . Robert cecil look surprised for a instant that he know about that as well . ROBERT cecil it -- it be a anonymous gift . Essex insisted it be perform , just to spite I in front of Court ... william cecil of course he do . ( concerned ) but what be it about ? ROBERT cecil about ? some nonsense about fairy and cherub . william cecil ... and dance ass ? Robert look surprised at he father who have stop suddenly . william cecil ( cont 'd ) ( realize , to himself ) Edward ... ( to Robert cecil ) have you any idea what you have -- no , how could you ... 35 pg. 36 and he start back up the stair . ROBERT cecil Father ... it be just a play ... william cecil and do you know how long it take I to banish they from she presence ? she adore they ! adore they ! and Edward know it . ( beat ) Mark my word , Robert , he have do this for a purpose . ROBERT cecil purpose ? what purpose ? william cecil ( think , to himself ) what purpose indeed ? ( to Robert ) but through you carelessness I must now deal not only with Essex , but Edward as well . for whether in shadow or in person , Edward have return to Court ! and with that he slam the door shut . Robert cecil walk over to a nearby window . visibly upset he start to stare out of the window and remember ... CUT to : 31 omit 31 through a third story window we see servant carry big trunk . there be at least 120 man on horse . they all wear the Oxford 's crest . william cecil ( o.s ) Robert . 32 int . cecil house - hallway - day 32 and it be thirty year earlier . boy ROBERT cecil ( now 9 ) be stare out of the window . his back must have be deform either in utero or at birth , because even now he be hunchback . 36 pg. 37 william cecil ( o.s. ) ( more commanding ) Robert ! come here . finally Boy Robert cecil turn and see Young Oxford ( now 17 ) enter the hallway with William cecil and he wife and daughter , Young anne ( 15 ) . in front of they , line up , be several man whom we will learn be tutor . Boy Robert cecil do not move . william cecil ( cont 'd ) ( to Young Oxford ) I be sorry , my lord . but my son Robert prefer the company ... of himself ... Boy Robert cecil watch as he father turn to he mother and sister . william cecil ( cont 'd ) May I present my wife , Lady cecil , and my daughter , Anne . Young Anne curtsy . young anne I be sorry for you loss , my lord . the realm lose a great lord with you father 's death . we hope you will be happy in we house -- boy ROBERT cecil ( o.s. ) be you go to live here forever ? everybody turn and see the odd hunchback child have finally come over . young oxford ( smile ) no . only until I reach my maturity . boy ROBERT cecil why ? william cecil because the Queen have bid it so . ( to Young Oxford ) my lord , when we first meet , you say you wish to become a great man of State . both the Queen and I hope to make that so . ( more ) 37 pg. 38 william cecil ( cont 'd ) to that end , I have the honor of introduce you to you tutor . ( indicate one of they ) Seven to eight you shall be tutore in french by mister crane -- young oxford monsieur . can I fait plaisir de vous connaitre . master crane bow he head . william cecil nine to ten be Greek with mister simmon . young oxford ( in Greek ) dalon , a d'ego , hoti mathamata ge esti ha trafo psychas . boy ROBERT cecil be that Homer ? young oxford ( sharp ) no. plato . Boy Robert frown at the correction . william cecil ( slight frown , then ) and you know you uncle , mister gold , who have petition I to allow you to assist he in he translation of ancient Latin text into English . young oxford ( in Latin ) continetne , ut spero , ovidii metamorphose ? mihi honori erit , patrue mister gold bow he head in appreciation . william cecil then cosmography with Doctor Richards . two to three be geography and history , and four to five fencing . William cecil seem to have finish . 38 pg. 39 young oxford ( to William cecil ) and composition ? poetry ? william cecil this be a puritan home , you grace . we believe such activity to be the worship of false idol , and therefore a sin before the eye of God . young oxford a sin ? but surely there must be room for beauty and art in life , my lord . william cecil not in this household . 33 int . cecil house - great hall - day 33 Young Oxford be fencing with a tutor . he 's quite good . in fact , he 's better than the tutor , who be twice he age . Boy Robert cecil casually watch as he play chess against himself . Young Oxford , with a fierce , beautifully execute attack , disarm he tutor . the tutor 's sword fly into the air , and hit -- the chess board make the piece scatter . wider Boy Robert cecil look up , he face furious , to see Young Oxford come over to he . young oxford you be lose anyway . boy ROBERT cecil I be also win . Young Oxford pick up the sword , throw it to he tutor , who catch it . boy ROBERT cecil ( cont 'd ) you know I be go to one day succeed my father at the Queen 's side . not you . 39 pg. 40 Young Oxford motion to go , then pick up the black king , and toss it to Boy Robert cecil , who can not catch it because of he deformity . it clang on the floor . young oxford really ? 34 int . cecil house - hallway - day 34 moment later , the Young Oxford head down the hall alone , head for he room , he sword still in he hand . CUT to : poem neatly write on parchment . we be : 35 int . cecil house - young oxford be room - day 35 and a servant be look at the poem , then quickly stuff they into a bag . but then he hear footstep come . panicked , he look for someplace to hide -- a tapestry half cover a door -- he run to it -- the door be lock ! so he hide behind the tapestry just as the door open , and Young Oxford enter . after a few step , Young Oxford sense something amiss . look at he -- writing desk where the parchment be scattered . young oxford go to he desk , pick up one of the piece of parchment . it have poetry on it . his poetry . he go through some other page . and realize other page be miss . he become infuriate . he see -- under the tapestry two foot . 40 pg. 41 wider Young Oxford charge the tapestry , sword in hand . he thrust the sword through the tapestry . the man scream in agony as he fall . he do not just die , but scream and scream and scream . Young Oxford step back -- half in horror ... half in triumph . the SOUND of applause take we to : 36 int . the rose theater - backstage - day 36 thirty - three year later . Shakespeare be on stage , take a bow . the audience be applauding and scream they approval of a performance that have just end . he step backwards -- backstage -- where jonson stand hold the manuscript Oxford give he . shakespeare be it any good ? jonson how in blaze should I know ? shakespeare you have not even read it ? and Shakespeare be draw back -- on stage -- where he bow again , then step -- backstage -- so jonson can answer he . jonson I read a line or two -- I promise henslowe I would finish " eastward Ho " by Saturday . shakespeare and you say he 's a nobleman ? jonson do not answer . 41 pg. 42 shakespeare ( cont 'd ) powerful ? Rich ?? jonson still do not answer , which be answer enough . shakespeare ( cont 'd ) ohhhh , you have to do it then , do not you ? and Shakespeare go back on stage . 37 ext . bankside london - day 37 jonson and Shakespeare be walk along bankside , still mid-conversation . they pass all sort of vendor sell fish , fresh water , food , etc ... jonson I tell you will -- I come to London to become a great poet , to , to , be the conscience of we time , the soul of we age ! to change the world , not to become someone else 's -- shakespeare ( amused ) Change the world ? with rhyme ? jonson yes , why not ? why can not a man change the world with word ? Shakespeare laugh at he . jonson ( cont 'd ) ( mimick Oxford ) " I can make you the most popular and the richest playwright in all of London . " ( take a swig ) ballock ! I can do that myself , thank you very much . 38 int . the mermaid be tavern - night 38 Shakespeare be peruse the manuscript . some of the actor from the Rose be in the bg . shakespeare you know , it 's actually not half bad ... 42 pg. 43 jonson take a swig of ale , then -- jonson not half --?! you be a actor , what in God 's name do you know about write ?! he 's a amateur , will , a complete and utter amateur . last week gardening , this week playwright , next week hawk . ( take another swig ) no . I will not do it . it would be a affront against the muse ... shakespeare ( smile ) well we mus not offend the muse , whatever we do . ( think , then ) how much money do you say he give you ? jonson what , you think my name can be buy , if the number 's great enough , do you ? Shakespeare smile enigmatically . shakespeare no , not at all ... I think we should keep you good name quite intact , thank you very much . jonson frown , confuse as we -- CUT to : a red wig as it be place on the head of Elizabeth . we be : 39 int . whitehall palace - old elizabeth' bedroom - day 39 Elizabeth be behind a elaborately paint screen . several lady - in-wait attend she , help she get ready for the day . it 's a intricate process . make - up , multiple article of clothing , jewelry ... william cecil ( o.s. ) King Philip of Spain see the current Catholic revolt in Ireland as a weakness of ours . a weakness to be exploit .... 43 pg. 44 Elizabeth 's wig be be glue into place . elizabeth Ireland ? the other side of the screen ( then intercut each side of screen as need ) William cecil have not realize that he son Robert have sneak in the room behind he to listen in . william cecil there be rumor of he send financial aid , and even troops . we must act quickly . ( beat ) we must replace the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland , and send additional troops immediately , majesty . elizabeth replace ? with whom ? William cecil hesitates slightly , then -- william cecil I would recommend the Earl of Essex , you majesty . elizabeth Essex ? to Ireland ? ( frown ) for how long ? william cecil as long as the present crisis warrant , majesty . elizabeth impossible . he can not be spare . we feel he counsel be of great import with each pass day . not what William cecil want to hear . william cecil I only recommend we send you most able subject where they be most need , majesty . ( beat , a last - ditch effort ) Philip of Spain dream still of take you kingdom from you . ( more ) 44 pg. 45 william cecil ( cont 'd ) of burn you at the stake as a heretic . give he a foot-hold in Ireland , and -- elizabeth but Essex ? william cecil Essex 's martial ability be , in my opinion , the only antidote to the plague of Philip . ( clear he throat ) though , Essex would not , unfortunately , be able to remain in the privy Council if he be in Ireland ... elizabeth and who would you advise to replace he ? Three lady - in-wait approach with three different gown . Elizabeth study they as : william cecil Sir Robert cecil . elizabeth you son ? william cecil he be my own advisor first , my son second , majesty . his counsel have be invaluable to I , and no doubt will be to you as well . Elizabeth point to one of the dress , and wave the handmaiden away . elizabeth yes , yes , yes . we will send Essex to Ireland and place Robert on my privy Council . but William 's flash of victory be dampen by -- elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I see a play this last weekend , William . it make I think of ... day long past . of memory ... long past . Long past . I should like to see more of they ... have Edward be happy , William ? with you daughter ? 45 pg. 46 William cecil do not answer . instead he think , remember , as we hear he young voice ... william cecil ( o.s. ) murdered ! CUT to : 40 int . cecil house - great hall - day 40 thirty year earlier . William cecil be stand in front of a enormous fireplace , pace in a pique of anger . william cecil by you own hand ! young oxford he be steal my poem . william cecil he be do my bid ! young oxford your ? william cecil of course . as soon as Robert inform I that you be disobey my express -- young oxford Robert ? Robert tell -- William cecil slam he fist on a table . william cecil enough ! thou shalt not worship false idol in my household ! you everlast soul hang in the balance . not poem . you soul ! young oxford my poem be my soul ! William cecil turn away in frustration as much as disgust . william cecil you have place I in a grave position , Edward . ( more ) 46 pg. 47 william cecil ( cont 'd ) I can not have my reputation soile by this regrettable lack of control on you part ... no . I will not have it . we can claim self - defense , he draw sword first . ( beat ) but ... I wish something in return . Young Oxford look worried . william cecil ( cont 'd ) my daughter be young , impressionable . she have feeling for you , Edward . it be to be expect , live in such close quarter ... young oxford Sir . for the last three year you have manage to seize much of my inheritance -- william cecil hold you tongue , Edward , before you make a claim you can not retract ! I have be legally reimburse for you education and live expense . young oxford and now you suggest you be " reimburse " the rest of my once considerable estate through you daughter 's bed ? William cecil study Young Oxford 's face . william cecil no . this be how I suggest you keep you noble head from the executioner 's block . young oxford stare at he . the SOUND of church bell ringing take we to : 41 int . westminster abbey - day 41 and Young Oxford and Anne be be marry by a bishop . 47 pg. 48 bishop ... and in the fear of god , duly consider the cause for which matrimony be ordain . one be the procreation of child ... william cecil appear triumphant . he look beam over to ... bishop ( cont 'd ) ...to be bring up in the fear and nurture of the Lord and praise of God . secondly , it be ordain for a remedy against sin . young elizabeth who preside over the whole affair . the first time we see a dress on she which make she truly regal . bishop ( cont 'd ) thirdly , for the mutual society , help and comfort , that the one ought to have of the other , both in prosperity and adversity , into the which holy state this two person present come now to be join . at the altar Young Anne look at she young husband , lovingly . Young Oxford be a bit overwhelm and unsure of it all . and then we hear a trumpet blaring , which take we to : 42 int . the rose theater - day 42 thirty - two year later . vendor hawk food and drink as they walk through the audience . in oxford BOX Oxford sit , francesco behind he , exhilated by the scene below he . in the galleries marlowe , dekker and nashe be look at they single - sheet program . 48 pg. 49 nashe " Henry V " by ... no one ? marlowe and why would any of you admit to try to better I in a historical drama ? Comedy , yes , tragedy , perhaps . but never will one of you best I in historicals . marlowe take a swig of ale , and spot jonson come to join they . marlowe ( cont 'd ) or will we be see a most hysterical historical ? jonson sit next to marlowe . marlowe ( cont 'd ) hmm ? Ben ? wait to see how it 's receive before you lay claim ?? before jonson can answer -- on stage a actor , condell ( 40' ) , dress all in white ( even he face be paint white ) enter stage . he be " prologue " . he address the audience directly . " prologue " oh , for a muse of fire , that would ascend the brightest heaven of invention . a kingdom for a stage , prince to act , and monarch to behold the swell scene ! then should warlike Harry , like himself , assume the port of Mars , and at he heel should famine , sword , and fire crouch for he employment . can this cockpit hold the vasty field of France ? in the galleries jonson seem surprised . this be not what he expect . this be good . CUT to : horse hoove as they pound on cobblestone . we be : 49 pg. 50 43 ext . the english country - side - day 43 and southampton be riding he horse at full gallop through the countryside . about two dozen retainer follow , the first few with southampton 's coat - of - arm on flag . 44 int . the rose theater - day 44 it be later in the play . on stage , about 15 actor be in full battle armor . they include : " henry V " , play by the actor call Spencer , " westmoreland " , " exeter " , " salisbury " . all the man on stage now wear battle armor . " henry V " this day be call the feast of crispian : he that outlive this day , and come safe home , will stand a tip - toe when this day be name , and rouse he at the name of crispian . in the galleries marlowe , dekker , nashe and jonson all watch , obviously impressed . nashe take a swig of ale . in oxford BOX Oxford watch , loving the stagecraft involved in the production . " henry V " ( cont 'd ) he that shall see this day and live t'old age , will yearly on the vigil feast he neighbor , and say ' to - morrow be Saint crispian . on stage " Henry V " speak to he man . " henry V " ( cont 'd ) then will he strip he sleeve and show he scar . the actor play " Henry " kneel at the front of the stage . he speak to the groundling as though they be he troops . 50 pg. 51 " henry V " ( cont 'd ) and say ' this wound I have on crispin 's day . ' Old man forget : yet all shall be forget , but he will remember with advantage what feat he do that day . this story shall the good man teach he son . the groundlings become literally spellbound . " henry V " ( cont 'd ) and crispin crispian shall not 'er go by , from this day to the end of the world , but we in it shall be remember ; we few , we happy few , we band of brother ; for he to - day that shed he blood with I shall be my brother ; be he not 'er so vile , this day shall gentle he condition : and gentleman in England now a-be shall think themselves accurse they be not here , and hold they man-hood cheap while any speak that fight with we upon Saint crispin 's day ! the entire audience stand and cheer madly . oxford watch , with a pride he have never feel . in the galleries the " wit " look at each other amaze . on stage " salisbury " my sovereign lord , bestow yourself with speed . the french be bravely in they battle set and will with all expedience charge on we . " henry V " all thing be ready , if we mind be so . " westmoreland " perish the man whose mind be backward now ! 51 pg. 52 " henry V " you know you place : God be with you all ! the " hut " which be a round tower on top of the stage , contain several small cannon manned by stagehand . they shoot blank cannon shot . 45 ext . the CITY gate of london - day 45 southampton and he retainer gallop through a City gate . above the gate , the severe head of murderer sit on pike . 46 int . the rose theater - day 46 actor portray french soldier STORM the stage , sword brandish . " Henry " and he man begin fight they , they swordplay elaborate and impressive . 47 ext . london bridge - day 47 southampton and he entourage gallop over London Bridge . 48 int . the rose theater - day 48 the battle rage on stage . one hardy audience member start to actually attack one of the french " soldier " himself . he 's quickly join by a few comrade -- and it quickly become a madhouse ; half play , half real fight , as more audience member join the " battle " . the play quickly degenerate into a bloody brawl between actor and audience . 49 ext / int . rose theater - day 49 southampton arrive at the theater . he jump off he horse , and hurry -- into the stairwell jump two step at a time . we hear the sound of applause . the play be now over . southampton hurry into -- 52 pg. 53 oxford BOX he see Oxford , who be applaud . all the actor of the play be take they bow . southampton William cecil 's convinced the Queen that only Essex can save Ireland from the revolt . Oxford process this . southampton ( cont 'd ) I have pledge to go with he , Edward . we sail in a hour . oxford Henry -- southampton I ask for you bless , Edward . oxford I can not give it to you . in the galleries nashe I for one wish to see this anonymous colleague of ours . ( stand ) playwright ! playwright !! marlowe and other join in . and -- backstage Shakespeare , stand next to a small table of prop , quickly dip he finger in a inkwell to make they stain . he grab a large feathered quill and tuck a piece of parchment under he arm , then hurry -- on stage -- where he bow deeply , loving the adulation . in oxford BOX southampton if he be to be my king , then it be my sacred duty to be with he in battle . 53 pg. 54 Oxford try to understand southampton , but then notice Shakespeare on stage . his mouth open in shock , and he turn to look across the theater at -- jonson who guiltily look away . marlowe 's mouth be open , he hand stop applaud . in oxford BOX southampton be angere by Oxford 's distraction . southampton ( cont 'd ) I be sorry to have disturb you entertainment . and he exit . oxford Henry -- Henry !! but the young man be go . on stage Shakespeare bow , then -- shakespeare I , I ... it 's be ... I , I , want to ... thank my actor , whose great act bring ... my word ... to life due to they most finest act . ah ... thank you . oxford ( o.s. ) a actor ?!! CUT to : 50 int . oxford stone - study - day 50 the multi-arch ceiling be paint blue with gold star . globe -- both terrestrial and astral -- abound . jonson stand in front of a very angry Oxford . oxford a actor for god 's sake ? jonson my lord , I think that -- 54 pg. 55 oxford you presume to think ? on my behalf ? whatever make you believe you have that prerogative ? a beat . jonson be a bit afraid . jonson my lord , you voice be completely different than mine . my , my , my character be -- oxford Voice ? you have no voice ! that 's why I choose you ! ( beat , softer ) you at least keep my name from he ? jonson nods . oxford ( cont 'd ) and will continue to do so ? Oxford study he , believe he . then he open a cabinet . in it , manuscript after manuscript be stack . jonson look behind he , stunne by the number . Oxford look up and down the cabinet . he pull one out , decide no , and put it back , look for just the right one ... he pull another out , then hand it to jonson . oxford ( cont 'd ) a romantic tragedy . in iambic pentameter . jonson ( amaze ) all , my lord ? be that possible ? oxford of course it be ! 51 int . oxford stone - hallway - day 51 jonson exit Oxford 's study , still amaze at the manuscript as he walk . he pass anne , Oxford 's wife ( now 40' ) , who be on she way to the study with they eldest daughter , BRIDGET ( 17 ) . 55 pg. 56 she watch he go by and immediately realize that she have see he before . but she stay silent . 52 int . oxford stone - study - day 52 Oxford be write at a desk as Anne enter . anne who be that man ? I have see he before . Oxford hold up a finger to prevent she from speak while he finish write a think . it 's a long think . Anne be obviously annoyed , and interrupt he . anne ( cont 'd ) Edward -- we must discuss we Bridget 's dowry . oxford ( look up - confuse ) dowry ? he remember when he spy he daughter . anne she cannot go into marriage without a dowry that be become to the daughter of the Earl Oxford . oxford I can give she brooke House and a hundred pound . BRIDGET a hundred pound ? Father ? mother ! oxford that be all we have to give at the moment . the matter over , Oxford go back to he write . anne ( furious ) Edward . Edward ! speak to I ! we family be in financial ruin , and , and you , you play the flute while Rome burn ! Oxford turn . 56 pg. 57 oxford nero fiddle whilst Rome burn . and then he go back to write . anne for god 's sake , who care Edward ? when you own daughter can not even have a suitable dowry ? she stare at he . anne ( cont 'd ) my god , you be write again , be not you ? after you agree -- after my father expressly forbade it ! Oxford turn to she , full of emotion oxford Anne -- if you could have see they -- the mob ... they , they do not just sit there like the reptilia of court , face motionless , fang momentarily retract . no ! they , they jump on stage , they fight the french ! a butcher -- he actually break he arm ! he be so -- anne stop ! stop it at once !! Anne storm over and grab the parchment from under he , and begin ripping it up . anne ( cont 'd ) why !? why must you write ?! why must you continue to humiliate this family ? he stare at she , almost uncomprehendingly . then -- oxford the voice , Anne ... the voice . I , I can not stop they ... they , they come when I sleep , when I wake , when I sup , when I , I , I walk down a hall ! the sweet longing of a maiden , the , the surging ambition of a courtier , the foul design of a murderer , the wretch plea of he victim . only - - only when I put they word -- they voice -- to parchment be they cast loose , freed ... only then be my mind ... quiete ... at peace . 57 pg. 58 Anne step back , frighten of he . oxford ( cont 'd ) I ... would go mad if I do not write down the voice . she stare at he , horrify . anne Art thou possess ? he stare back at she . a long beat oxford I ... do not know . shakespeare ( o.s. ) " two household , both alike in dignity , in fair verona , where we lay we scene " 53 ext . london bridge - day 53 Shakespeare and jonson be walk along London Bridge -- the only bridge that span the Thames at the time , it be a street line with multi-story building -- almost like a mall . Shakespeare cary and read from a manuscript of " Romeo and juliet " shakespeare " from ancient grudge break to new mutiny , where civil blood make civil hand unclean . " ( no longer read ) incredible !! the whole bloody thing in verse ?! jonson ( nonchalant ) it 's really not that difficult , if you try . shakespeare and have you ever try ? jonson give he a sharp look , and pause to pick some onion from a stand . Shakespeare notice a buxom blonde woman sell apple at the next stand . 58 pg. 59 shakespeare ( cont 'd ) ( perform for the blonde ) " but soft , what light through yonder window break ? it be the east , and juliet be the sun . arise , fair sun , and kill the envious moon , who be already sick and pale with grief , that thou she may art far more fair than she . " the buxom blonde smile at Shakespeare seductively . shakespeare ( cont 'd ) ( to jonson ) I will have little trouble parting the leg of barmaid after that performance ! jonson you can not play Romeo . jonson leave the stall , and continue down the street . Shakespeare hesitates , then give the girl a dazzle smile . she smile back , then Shakespeare run after jonson . shakespeare ( to jonson ) why not ? I will not let that oaf Spencer have another go at one of my role . no -- only will Shakespeare can pump the life into Romeo 's vein . ( grin at another pass girl ) and he cod piece ! ( beat , desperate ) Ben -- Ben ! I be a actor , every inch of I , down to my very toe ... I want - - no , I need , crave - - to act . I can not just idle the day by with -- jonson so bloody well act like a writer ! and for God 's sake , keep off the stage . writer do not have time to act . dissolve to : 59 pg. 60 54 int . the rose theater - day 54 a performance of " Romeo and juliet " . about a dozen actor be dance . it be Act 1 , scene 5 . " romeo " , play by Spencer , be stare longingly at " juliet " . " Romeo " turn to he servant . " romeo " what lady 's that , which doth enrich the hand of yonder knight ? " servant " I know not , sir . " romeo " o , she doth teach the torch to burn bright ! it seem she hang upon the cheek of night like a rich jewel in a ethiop 's ear ; beauty too rich for use , for earth too dear ! the actor play Romeo play to the woman in the audience . and the women respond , eye lash twitter . the wit watch in awe ! now they be all take swig of ale . backstage Shakespeare mouth silently the line of " Romeo " . in oxford BOX Oxford watch the dance carefully . " romeo " ( cont 'd ) do my heart love till now ? forswear it , sight ! for I not 'er see true beauty till this night . dissolve to : 55 int . richmond palace - great hall - night 55 twenty - eight year earlier . a dance be take place . young oxford -- now 20 be dance with Young Anne . but he eye be on : 60 pg. 61 Young Elizabeth , who be dance with the Spanish ambassador . young elizabeth seem less than interested in she dance partner . she stare intently back at Young Oxford . wider there be a natural change in the music , and all the dancer switch partner -- it 's part of the dance . Young Oxford go to Young Elizabeth , the Spanish ambassador go to Anne . young elizabeth and young oxford stare into each other eye as they dance the intricate move . young elizabeth my lord of Oxford . Elizabeth smile . young elizabeth ( cont 'd ) we like you play tonight very much . you young King Henry remind we of you . oxford do he ? young elizabeth rash , yet brave . a boy -- and yet a man . Fair on the eye , fairer to the ear ... wider much of the Court be watch this . they can tell there be spark between they . all the dancer change partner , include Elizabeth and Oxford . a few dance move , and Oxford once again find himself with Elizabeth . young elizabeth ( cont 'd ) we be glad of you return from the continent . two year be far too long to be without such excellent amusement . Young Oxford dip he head slightly in acknowledgment . 61 pg. 62 young oxford if I have know my absence would cause you grace so much ... long , I would have return much -- much -- sooner . be that a come - on ? Young Elizabeth decide to find out . young elizabeth you wife must be much pleased by you presence once more at she side ... Young Oxford glance over at -- young anne who be now dance with the Spanish ambassador . but she watch Young Elizabeth and Young Oxford with a great deal of jealousy . william cecil follow he daughter 's look . he do not like what he see any more than Young Anne do . back to young elizabeth and young oxford still dance . young oxford if she be , it be but a small comfort to I . I be return only under my father - in- law 's insistence . a beat as this sink in . young elizabeth ( surprised ) cecil have tell I you match be one of love . young oxford and so he would wish . ( long beat ) but how could one ever love the moon , after have first see the sun ? he stare intensely into she eye . and she stare right back . dissolve to : 62 pg. 63 57 ext . richmond palace - balcony - day 57 Three lady -in-wait run onto the balcony to join bessie , who be look across the palace grounds , watch -- 56 ext . richmond palace - forest - same time 56 Young Elizabeth and Young Oxford , both on horseback , unaccompany , trot over a small bridge . 56A ext . richmond palace - balcony - same time 56 a the lady - in -wait giggle , but be interrupt by -- william cecil ( o.s. ) where be she majesty ? bessie turn to William cecil . bessie my lord . her majesty go riding with the Earl of Oxford . the lady - in -wait share know smile . 56b ext . richmond palace - forest - same time 56 B Young Elizabeth and Young Oxford share flirty glance , and then Young Elizabeth spur she horse to a gallop , and dash into the fog . Young Oxford immediately follow . CUT to : 58 int . a royal tent - later 58 a servant place a silver plate fill with shuck oyster onto a table fill with quail , venison , wine , etc ... Young Elizabeth sit across from Young Oxford . it 's just the two of they dining . young elizabeth and which country do you like the most on you travel , my lord ? young oxford I think Italy , you grace . 63 pg. 64 young elizabeth and why be that ? the weather ? the food ? young oxford no they theater , which they call la commedia dell 'arte . and , of course , the woman . she raise a eyebrow . young elizabeth the woman ? young oxford they be more ... clear with they desire than we English lady . when they want something , they take it . they do not wait to be take ... slow dissolve to : 59 omit 59 60 int . richmond palace - receiving chamber - night 60 a door slam open , and Young Elizabeth and Young Oxford dash in , rip each other clothes off in the fireplace - light room . Young Elizabeth gently push Young Oxford towards she throne ... she kiss he . then begin to make love . on the throne . dissolve to : later postcoital , the fire still light . Young Elizabeth be half asleep , half awake , nestle in fur in front of the fireplace ... much like titania in " midsummer night 's dream " ... Young Oxford watch she as she stir and wake . she smile at he . young elizabeth I can not decide . be you Prince hal ...? or Romeo ? no. benedick , maybe ...? no -- ( more ) 64 pg. 65 young elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) -- puck young oxford ( smile ) puck ? young elizabeth yes , puck ! she 's only teasing . young oxford ah , but puck would never fight for you in the Netherlands ... young elizabeth ( surprised , smile ) the Netherlands ? but then she realize he 's serious , and the smile vanish . young oxford well , why not ? it 's a open secret on the continent that you support the rebel against Spain - - and that you be commission englishmen to help they cause . Spain 's loss be England 's gain , be it not ? her eye narrow as she study he face . young elizabeth be this why you bedd I ? for a commission ? young oxford no. no -- of course not -- I -- she stand , wrap in she sheet , furious at the think of once more be use . young elizabeth leave I . leave at once ! a beat . young oxford bess -- young elizabeth how dare you ! how dare you !! I command you to leave my presence . 65 pg. 66 and she step back , wait for he to exit . Young Oxford stand ... and start to approach she ... he 's nude , he back to we . she step back , a bit stunne by he impertinence . he step towards she as -- young oxford o mistress mine , where be you roam ? o stay and hear ... you true - love 's come , that can -- ( look up and down she body ) -- kiss both high and low ... a bit stunne by he approach , she stumble backwards on she sheet . young oxford ( cont 'd ) trip no further , pretty sweeting .... but he 's sexy ... and naked . and spout poetry . she stop retreate and allow he approach . young oxford ( cont 'd ) journey end in lover ' meeting -- every wise man 's son doth know . a small smile escape she lip . young oxford ( cont 'd ) what be love ? ' tis not hereafter ; present mirth hath present laughter ; what 's to come be still unsure : he start to kiss she neck . cautiously at first . but she like it . young oxford ( cont 'd ) in delay there lie no plenty -- then come kiss I , sweet - and - twenty , youth 's a stuff will not endure . she respond to he , melting from both he word and touch . they start to kiss deeply , passionately ... and - - young elizabeth ( passionately ) you will stay in England ... and in ... my chamber ... 66 pg. 67 the flash of disappointment on Young Oxford 's face about that last bit be tempere by Young Elizabeth 's sheet fall to the floor . they begin to make love passionately once more . nashe ( o.s. ) I could do it if I want to ... 61 int . the mermaid be tavern - day 61 twenty - seven year later . jonson , marlowe , dekker and nashe sit silently at a table , mug of ale in hand . have just return from " Romeo and juliet " , all be a bit in shock . the actor from the perfomance be there as well in the bg . marlowe ( to nashe ) do what ? nashe ( a little drunk ) a play in iambic , in iambic pen ... in- bic-pentameter . it 's not that hard . jonson think you so ? have you ever try ? nashe of course not . but I could if I want ... dekker it be not all in verse . nashe ha ! see ! even easier ! Shakespeare enter and make a bee line for they . shakespeare ( excited ) henslowe want " Romeo " to run a fortnight . ( unbelievable news ) a fortnight ! innkeeper ! a round for everybody ! inkeeper !! ( no response ) billy !!! and Shakespeare go over to the bar . 67 pg. 68 nashe a fortnight ? dekker the maid love the romantic tragedy . marlowe precisely why I avoid they . nashe aw , well . no worry . a one-trick pony . he will never be able to do it again . 62 int . / ext . the rose theater - day 62 a montage of various play : " twelfth night " Viola and sebastian be reunite ... " caesar " caesar be attack by brutus , cinna , cassius , etc ... " macbeth " the witch be on stage . this three performance be inter - CUT with : playbill outside the Rose , announce each play 's title . at first , Shakespeare 's name be small , with each succeed play he name get bigger . and -- after each performance Shakespeare bow to the ever-increasing applause of he audience . he look up to see the mermaid 's wit all watch he with stony silence . and as each play be see , jonson and the rest of the wit seem more and more depressed . and after each performance , Shakespeare seem to be greet with more and more adulation . the montage end with ... 68 pg. 69 a playbill in front of the theater announce " William Shakespeare 's hamlet " . Shakespeare 's name be now above the title . we hear the audience howl with laughter as -- 63 int . rose theater - day 63 a actor play " polonius " do a obvious caricature of William cecil , dress in black with a exaggerated rendition of cecil 's beard . " polonius " ( over-act ) ... beware of entrance to a quarrel , but be in , bear it that the oppose may beware of thee . give every man thy ear , but few thy voice , take each man 's censure , but reserve thy judgment .... 64 int . whitehall palace - audience chamber - day 64 Elizabeth watch the same play at a court performance . we see Elizabeth smile amused as " polinous " continue he rant ... " polinous " .... costly thy habit as thy purse can buy , but not express in fancy , rich , nor gaudy , for the apparel oft proclaim the man . this above all , to thine own self be true . Elizabeth absent mindedly start to scratch she chest , irritate by some sort of itch , but still focus on the play . 65 int . rose theater - day 65 jonson watch tight lipped ... the character of gertrude " , the Queen , be join by " hamlet " . " polonius " be behind a curtain , listen in , and be see by the audience . " hamlet " appear enraged . " gertrude " what will thou do ? thou will not murder I ? help , ho ! 69 pg. 70 " polonius " ( behind curtain ) what ho , help ! " hamlet " draw he sword . " hamlet " how now ? a rat ? Dead , for a ducat , dead ! " hamlet " stab " polonius " through the curtain . " polonius " o , I be slain . " polonius " emerge from behind the curtain , cover in pig 's blood , and die a anguish death . there be stunne silence in the audience . and then one lone groundle clap , then another , then the whole audience . groundling not a day too soon for old cecil !! 66 int . whitehall palace - audience chamber - day 66 Elizabeth be still scratch she chest , but more vigorously as some of the member of court give uncomfortable glance at each other over the death of William cecil - - er " polonius " onstage . " gertrude " o I , what hast thou do ? " hamlet " nay , I know not . be it the King ? " hamlet " ( cont 'd ) thou wretch , rash , intrude fool , farewell ! I take thee for thy better : take thy fortune ; thou find 'st to be too busy be some danger . leave wring of you hand : peace ! sit you down , and let I wring you heart ; for so I shall , if it be make of penetrable stuff , if damned custom have not brass would it so that it be proof and bulwark against sense . 70 pg. 71 Elizabeth can not take the itching anymore . she rip open she bodice and violently scratch some sort of rash on she chest . 67 int / ext . rose theater - day 67 Oxford be in he usual box , but completely alone . he have a smile of satisfaction on he lip while ... jonson look over to Oxford with astonishment ... while on stage the world see for the first time " hamlet " contemplate suicide . " hamlet " to be , or not to be : that be the question : whether `tis nobler in the mind to suffer the sling and arrow of outrageous fortune , or to take arm against a sea of trouble , and by oppose end they ... loud thunder and ... rain start to fall and as only the stage and the gallery be cover , the groundling be pelt with the cold drop of water . but they stay . they stay . they cover themselves up , and silently watch on . " hamlet ' ... to die , to sleep - no more - and by a sleep to say we end the heartache , and the thousand natural shock that flesh be heir to ... the audience -- soak , pelt with rain -- watch immobile . and then a again a loud thunder clap take we to the end of the play ... shakespeare bow to the thunderous applause . it be still raining , but nobody want to leave . while - the mermaid wit watch in the crowd , a complex range of emotion , but jealousy and loathing at the top of the list . 71 pg. 72 on stage some of the audience member grab Shakespeare , and pull he on they shoulder , carry he triumphantly out of the theater . CUT to : 68 ext . STREET in front of tower of london - day 68 marlowe walk towards the Tower of London . 68a int . tower of london / pole's room - day 68a silence .... marlowe be wait patiently ... he be sit across from pole , the Captain of the Guard , who be read he report .... pole ( look up ) be you certain of this ? ( almost confuse ) William cecil be murder ? marlowe not literally , of course . he be a character , a fictional character . but the metaphor be clear for anyone to see . and see , they do . pole read more from the parchment . marlowe ( cont 'd ) will you shut it down ? pole continue to read . pole that be not for I to decide ... he bring out a pouch of coin , and toss it across the table . pole ( cont 'd ) you service to he lordship be once again greatly appreciate . marlowe take the pouch of money . 72 pg. 73 ROBERT cecil ( o.s. ) he butcher you ! 69 int . cecil house - william cecil be study - day 69 Robert cecil be furious , pace back and forth in front of William cecil , who sit behind a large wooden desk . William cecil be pale and sweaty -- he be deathly ill , and sit in a wooden chair with small spoke wheel attach to the leg -- sort of a elizabethan wheelchair . ROBERT cecil not only in front of Court ! but the entire City as well ! we must arrest this Shakespeare and - william cecil no , Robert , think . if he be really as popular as you say , we would only anger the mob . no . we must strike at Edward directly . William cecil slowly -- and shakily -- bend down from he chair as -- ROBERT cecil but we cannot maintain we authority if the mob think we laugh stock -- william cecil ( angry ) we authority come from Elizabeth and from God ! Elizabeth ! Elizabeth be the key to all . Robert cecil look hurt by he father 's anger . william cecil ( cont 'd ) ( gentler ) Robert ... you must think deeper . you must compensate . compensate for you ... malformation ... with the gift God do grant you ... with cun . with ruthlessness . William ceci push a hide button on the side of he desk -- a spring load secret drawer pop open . Robert cecil have never see it before . cecil produce a fold piece of parchment from the drawer , offer it to Robert cecil . 73 pg. 74 william cecil ( cont 'd ) from King James of Scotland . Robert cecil look surprised . 69a int . cecil house - hallway - moment later 69 a Robert cecil be push William cecil in he wheelchair . they be completely alone . william cecil James know of the Queen 's affection for Essex ... and the rumor of he birth . he be justly concerned . ( beat ) you will reply to he . ROBERT cecil I will reply to he ? william cecil I be die , Robert -- ( before Robert can protest ) we both know this to be true . and I will not witness the next coronation . 69b int . cecil house - william cecil' bedroom - moment 69b later Robert cecil wheel he father in . william cecil help I to my bed , my son . ( Robert cecil do so ) if we be to secure you place at the side of the next king , you must get that king he throne , not I . a beat as this register on Robert cecil . william cecil ( cont 'd ) you will write to James that I be gravely ill , but that all be in hand . much of the privy Council have already secretly agree to he ascension to the English throne due to you tireless , but secret , entreaty on he behalf . ( beat ) and then tell he Essex will not return from Ireland alive . 74 pg. 75 Robert cecil look surprised . william cecil ( cont 'd ) this be how king be make , Robert . so it be with Elizabeth , and so it shall ever be . there be many rival claim to she throne , but none survive to make they claim . James must know that you will do the same for he , and he will reward you for it . ( beat ) but we must do one thing more ... William cecil have a cough fit -- reach for a glass vial of medicine at he bedside -- take it . william cecil ( cont 'd ) like Essex , Edward must be remove . ROBERT cecil ( confuse ) Edward ? William cecil be slowly fall asleep ... william cecil he use the tool at he disposal , as we use the tool at ours . but ours will win ... as they always have . ROBERT cecil ( more confuse ) I -- I do not understand , father . what do Edward -- william cecil Edward seek what we seek . to choose the next King . off Robert cecil 's surprised face we hear : young elizabeth ( o.s. ) I be with child ... CUT to : 70 int . richmond palace - long gallery - dusk 70 twenty seven year earlier . Young Elizabeth be pace , terribly agitate . bessie , the lady - in-wait we have see constantly at she side be the only other person present . 75 pg. 76 william cecil be you certain ? Young Elizabeth turn to bessie . bessie two cycle have pass , my lord . William cecil think . young elizabeth I wish to marry he ... William cecil look startle . william cecil marry he , you grace ? he be already marry . young elizabeth I can do what I will . william cecil can you ? she give he a sharp look . william cecil ( cont 'd ) most of the Catholic prince of Europe wish to topple you and end you Protestant reign ... the only thing that stop they be the channel , and the hope that they might marry you , and thereby achieve you realm through other mean . Young Elizabeth hear he , think on it , then begin pace again . young elizabeth I love he ... william cecil would you risk you throne for he ? would you risk England for he ? he know the answer to that . william cecil ( cont 'd ) we must do as we have do before ... you must go on progress , somewhere isolate , accompany by only that whom you most trust . ( more ) 76 pg. 77 william cecil ( cont 'd ) after the birth , I will find a suitable house for the child to be rear in . Young Elizabeth be uncertain . young elizabeth and Edward ? william cecil he must never know . 71 int . cecil house - private chapel - day 71 a simple , cold space , like William cecil himself . William cecil be alone in prayer . a few beat , then he sense he be not alone . he turn and see Young Oxford ( still 20 ) . young oxford what have you do ? william cecil I be praying . young oxford ( ignore he ) she will not see I ! I have go to she chamber three time , and she will not receive I . and now she 's go ! William cecil regards Young Oxford for a beat , then stand . william cecil she 's on progress . with this he leave the chapel . 72 int . cecil house - hallway - continuous 72 Young Oxford run after he . young oxford where ? where do she go ? William cecil be silent . young oxford ( cont 'd ) what do you say to she ? tell I ! 77 pg. 78 william cecil the Queen do not ask for my advice about matter of the heart , Edward . if she have , she hardly would have choose you for she pleasure . he have a point . william cecil ( cont 'd ) you must have know she eye would move elsewhere , Edward . it always have . you be neither the first , nor the last , of she lover . Young Oxford look up at he like a bucket of cold water have hit he . William cecil stop . he look at Oxford with a stern face . william cecil ( cont 'd ) go back to my daughter , Edward . she will accept you with open arm , as she always have . behave as you great title demand you behave . tend to you estate , you investment . ( a beat ) and make I a grandson , a heir ! off Young Oxford 's pain expression . CUT to : 73 int . mermaid be tavern - night 73 twenty - seven year later . jonson be alone , try to write at a small table , though it 's obvious from he fit and start and crossing out that he be have difficulty . marlowe ( o.s. ) it 's difficult to write , be not it ? after watch something like " hamlet " ... jonson look up . marlowe sit , uninvite . jonson look annoyed at the interruption . marlowe ( cont 'd ) I have see you watch he . will . during a performance . it eat at you ... at you soul ... 78 pg. 79 jonson stare at he , he answer obvious . marlowe ( cont 'd ) why do you think will have not be arrest ? you or I make the slight joke about a nobleman of no consequence , and we find ourselves in a cell quick than a fart spread in the trade wind . will -- he murder a caricature of old William cecil himself , and still whore all the way to westminster and back . jonson ( shrug ) perhaps they have not notice .. jonson get up and walk towards the door . marlowe I make sure they do ... jonson turn around . jonson you inform on one of you own ? to the Tower ? marlowe watch who you judge , Ben , for as God be my witness , you may well find yourself do the same before you meet you maker . we do what we have to , to survive , and survive well , in this life . all of we . and will be definitely not one of we . you know he 's illiterate , do not you ? jonson be stunne . marlowe ( cont 'd ) no ? oh , he can read well enough -- how else could he learn he line ? but the man never actually learn to form he letter . jonson why be you here , kit ? marlowe ( smile ) so who do write it ? you ? no. you would take credit for it . no ... ( more ) 79 pg. 80 marlowe ( cont 'd ) it must be someone who want they anonymity protect . someone who might even pay to have it protect . jonson be get nervous . marlowe ( cont 'd ) a nobleman . jonson look up . marlowe smile , know he be closer to the truth . marlowe ( cont 'd ) but which ? you know , do not you , Ben ? jonson you have have too much to drink , kit . you be beginning to sound like one of you play . jonson stand and hurry out of the tavern . 73a ext . bankside london - moment later 73a jonson head down the street , marlowe chase after he . marlowe Ben ! tell I . we can go to he together . guarantee he anonymity ... for a price . jonson you report on I as well , do not you , kit ? last year . that 's why I be arrest , be not it ? because you go to the Tower ? marlowe ( lie ) Ben , Ben ... I have nothing to do with that . jonson study marlowe for a beat and then walk away . marlowe ( cont 'd ) Ben -- I will just go to will ! he will tell I because he have so much more to lose than you . Fame . fortune . and you will profit nothing from it . nothing ! but jonson be go . 80 pg. 81 74 ext . military camp - ireland - day 74 a military encampment with dozen of tent on a cliff by the irish seaside . closer Essex 's tent be larger , and guard . a old servant carry a tray with a silver pitcher approach . a guard open the tent for he to enter . int . essex be tent - continuous Essex be have a Council of War with he general and senior officer , include southampton . they all stand around a table , consulting a map of Ireland . essex ( point ) if the rebel have stripped the northern border ... then we must march south ... and take cahir Castle ... the servant stay in the background as he pour wine into various goblet . southampton notice he -- the servant 's hand shake as he pour the wine . general ( clear throat , uncomfortable ) my lord . ` tis a well - defend fortress . two thousand man at least . we cannot -- southampton notice the servant 's shaking hand slip into a pocket as -- essex so what would you have I do ? spend the entire spring encampe ? I be send to Ireland to end this infernal rebellion , not idle my day with -- southampton Robert ! in a instant southampton draw a silver engrave pistol and shoot the servant ! everyone be shocked -- but then we see : 81 pg. 82 the servant have draw he own , small wooden pistol . essex share a look with southampton . 75 ext . oxford stone - garden - day 75 to establish . a foggy day . in the foreground we see the maze . Oxford and he fencing master , beaulieu ( 20' ) be in the center of the maze dueling with rapier for exercise . closer they wear outfit that be slightly more protective than ornamental . they duel for a few moment , and then Oxford touch beaulieu 's shoulder . the speak entirely in french . beaulieu Point ! Oxford back off , as do the fencing master . oxford ( in french ) Bien . faison du travail ... le coup droit d'autorité ? beaulie mais oui , mon seigneur . oxford Bien . en garde ! and they once again begin to duel . but we quickly surmise something be amiss . beaulieu be much more aggressive than he be before . Oxford realize it , but be a expert swordsman , and defend himself well . and then beaulieu aggressively move forward , and stab Oxford in the leg . oxford ( cont 'd ) qu 'est ce que vous faite ? but Oxford have little chance to react , because beaulieu continue he attack . 82 pg. 83 oxford ( cont 'd ) beaulieu ? beaulieu ?! this have become a assassination attempt , not a exercise . entrance of the maze francesco be enter the maze with a silver tray carry a pitcher and two goblet . CENTER of the maze though wounded , Oxford be a superior swordsman . and he begin he own attack -- with a ferocity that surprise beaulieu . in the maze francesco head for the center as -- in the CENTER of the maze Oxford pierce beaulieu 's heart with he rapier , and beaulieu scream -- in the maze francesco hear the scream , and start to run . francesco signor ? signor ?! in the CENTER of the maze Oxford collapse as francesco rush in . francesco ( cont 'd ) signor ? mio dio ! signor ! what have happen -- Oxford check he leg wound , and glance at the dead beaulieu . he try to wave off franceso 's aid , but to no avail as -- oxford beaulieu - - he , he try to kill I ... 76 ext . bankside london - day 76 jonson , slightly drunk , walk down a street , a whore under he arm , and notice a commotion up ahead : people talk by a alley near the mermaid 's tavern . 83 pg. 84 jonson ( to a passer - by ) what 's all that , then ? man a body ... jonson peer over and see : a body on its back in the alley . someone turn it over . it 's marlowe , a dry stab-wound in he eye . jonson be stunne . man ( cont 'd ) must have be a cut -purse . nowhere 's bloody safe anymore , I will tell you that ... CUT to : 77 int . a bear - bait theater - day 77 a small , open air theater where a chain bear be be lead around the theater . a set of mastiff be be lead on the opposite side of the theater . the spectator be unruly , loudly make bet for the maul to come . jonson be among they , take a look at the bear , decide whether to bet on it or not . bear baiter sampson ! sire by the great Arthur himself ! no dog 's yet be breed that can take he down ! Shakespeare suddenly sit next jonson hardly notice . shakespeare I need more money . jonson more - -? you already make more than any playwright bankside . 84 pg . 85 bear baiter but then here , good friend , I bring you a pack of dog so fierce , so dangerous , that Medusa herself would shrink in fear ! shakespeare I be go to build my own theater , Ben , one that fit the scale of my work -- jonson suddenly turn to he . jonson you work ? bear baiter not a one have have a morsel of food in a week ! bred by the great John sinclow ! a man fourpence on three dog ! shakespeare they insist only a gentleman can own the land . another man a shilling on four ! shakespeare the bribe be outrageous , but I find some one who will make I a coat - of - arm , and change the stratford list for I . jonson impossible . another man eight shilling on six dog ! eight shilling on six dog ! jonson I will take that bet !! eight shilling on the bear , six dog ! another man done ! shakespeare bad bet , that . jonson ( to Shakespeare ) you will have to make do with what you have get . I will not be you beggar . 85 pg. 86 Shakespeare give he a look to kill . shakespeare this be not a request , Ben . I will have more money . jonson or what ? you will slit my throat like you do kit 's ? man release the dog ! release the dog ! Shakespeare show no reaction . jonson I know he go to see you last night , will . and I know he be plan to expose you if you do not agree to he term . in the pit the bear bait begin . wider Shakespeare stare at jonson . shakespeare ( dead serious ) you be mad , Ben . kit be my friend . jonson be careful , will . you kill I off too , and you will not have any good play to act in after this be all do . some of the spectator boo while other cheer , and -- shakespeare I will have my guinea , Ben . one way or another , I will have my guinea . and he get up and leave as the -- dog start to go for the bear 's throat . thge cheer go to a roar as we -- CUT to : 86 pg. 87 shakespeare wear a beard and fake nose . he try to stay hide so jonson do not see he . we be : 78 ext . london bridge - day 78 jonson be wait not far from he by a stand and drink a ale . then Oxford 's servant , francesco , appear . after the two man have exchange couple of word , francesco give jonson a leather folder contain a manuscript and a purse jingling with coin . jonson take they and leave . jonson safely go , Shakespeare start to follow francesco who head back over the bridge . 78a ext . the thame river - dusk 78 a Shakespeare be in a small boat follow francesco , who be in Oxford 's boat . they head towards Oxford Stone . ext . oxford stone - dusk Shakespeare watch as francesco enter Oxford Stone . 79 omit 79 CUT to : 80 int . oxford stone - study - dusk 80 Shakespeare be wait , clearly uncomfortable . it 's not the kind of room he 's use to be in . he hold he wig and he nose . a door open , and Oxford enter , walk on a stick because of he leg injury . he be follow by he servant , francesco . oxford so ! you be the famous Shakespeare whose labor I have enjoy so much . I be at you service , sir . 87 pg . 88 Shakespeare be uncomfortable . he be not expect Oxford himself . then he just go for it . shakespeare my lord -- I - I need more money . oxford ( sharp ) I beg you pardon ? shakespeare my expense have , ah , aggrandize ... since this all begin . oxford " aggrandize " ? shakespeare and if , if you lordship do not agree to a increase in my , ah , fee , I shall be force to make certain ... fact public . francesco have you any idea to whom you be speak ? shakespeare I be address the writer of hamlet ... of juliet and she Romeo . be I not ? Oxford be silent . francesco go to physically eject Shakespeare from the room . francesco out . get out ! how dare you insult my master in -- oxford wait ! ( beat ) how much ? Shakespeare look at francesco , then Oxford . shakespeare four hundred pound . a year . francesco a year ? oxford pay he . 88 pg. 89 francesco be shocked . oxford ( cont 'd ) ( impatient , in italian ) pagalo ! Shakespeare smile . 81 ext . oxford stone - dusk 81 Shakespeare exit , toss a leather pouch fill with coin . he smile . 82 int . oxford stone - study - dusk 82 Oxford watch Shakespeare walk down the road through a window . francesco forgive I for speak of thing above my place or understanding , signor . but ... be this wise ? they have already try to kill you once . oxford wisdom , francesco , be a quality I have unfortunately never possess ... francesco stare at Oxford who be deep in think . the sound of heat love make take we to ... 83 int . cecil house - young oxford bedroom - night 83 twenty - five year earlier . Young Oxford ( now 25 and with a beard ) be make love to someone . we can not tell who at first , and assume it be Elizabeth . and then we see , it 's bessie , Young Elizabeth 's lady - in-wait . dissolve to : 84 int . cecil house - young oxford bedroom - night 84 a hour later , post-coital . a fire be burn , and bessie be finish dress herself . bessie Edward ... you know she would be furious if she find out about this ... 89 pg. 90 Young Oxford do not answer . he be deep in think . bessie ( cont 'd ) she still love you . young oxford no . she abandon I . bessie you do not know , do you ? he look at she quizzically . bessie ( cont 'd ) the Queen . she have you child . 85 ext . cecil house - early morning 85 a carriage drive towards the house . 85a int . carriage - early morning 85 a Young Anne de Vere hold she sleep daughter in she arm . 86 int . cecil house - hallway - early morning 86 bessie carefully close Oxford 's bedroom door and suddenly freeze . she turn and see Young Oxford 's wife with she little daughter at she side stand in the hallway stare at she . for a moment nobody dare to move , then bessie rush off ... william cecil I can not be certain , majesty , when the ... relationship begin . CUT to : 87 int . richmond palace - great hall - day 87 Young Elizabeth look out a window , obviously distress . William cecil be across from she , he face tense . 90 pg. 91 william cecil but sometime soon after you return to Court . young elizabeth you be sure ? william cecil they -- they have not be very discreet , majesty . I presume he want you to know . to ... to hurt you . she be crush . william cecil ( cont 'd ) majesty , there be more . the lady be pregnant . Young Elizabeth freeze , stunne . then -- young elizabeth arrest they . arrest they both ! William cecil bow and exit . now alone , Young Elizabeth let she emotion out . she pick up a vase and throws it into a wall . 87a ext . tower of london - day 87a from high above , we see a carriage arrive . it stop , and William cecil get out . 88 int . tower of london - young oxford cell - day 88 Young Oxford ( now 26 ) be look out a window at the river beyond . he have be imprison for some month . his beard have become rag , he clothes have see better day . William cecil enter . william cecil you whore give birth last week . Young Oxford turn to William cecil . the stare at each other for a beat . 91 pg. 92 william cecil ( cont 'd ) the Queen have decide to release you . it seem time do indeed heal all wound . ( beat ) this be she condition for you release . one . you will not acknowledge the child . two . you will never see the mother again . Three . you will avoid Court at all cost . her majesty would prefer not to be remind of you in any way ever again . a beat as Young Oxford think on all this . young oxford banish ...? william cecil no . you have the freedom of the kingdom . just not of the Court . ( beat ) that be she term . here be mine . you will go back to my daughter . you will make some effort to make she happy and you will finally act accord to you station in life , and accept the responsibility of you great title . Oxford reluctantly nods . William cecil go to leave . young oxford my lord ! I , too , have a condition . William cecil turn . young oxford ( cont 'd ) I will go back to you daughter if ... you tell I the name of the child . william cecil I do not know if the whore have even deliver the -- young oxford no . the other one . cecil 's face go to stone . william cecil the other one ? ( realize ) who tell you ? 92 pg. 93 cecil be obviously annoyed by this development . young oxford I will go back to you daughter . I will make you as many grandchild as she can bare ... William cecil think . young oxford ( cont 'd ) or I can remain here ... William cecil decide . william cecil there be no record of he true birth , no trail that lead to you , or the ... mother . his foster parent never know the truth , and both be now dead ... young oxford the name ? william cecil make even a hint of this to the child , or anyone else , and this agreement be void , and I will see you head on the block within a fortnight . and the boy 's as well . young oxford ( excited ) it 's a boy ...? 89 ext . cecil house - garden - day 89 Young Oxford ( clean up ) be watch a boy about five year old dueling with a tutor . the boy be quite good . the boy notice Young Oxford , and stop duelling . boy hello ... young oxford hello . Young Oxford smile at the boy . young oxford ( cont 'd ) I be Edward , the Earl of Oxford . 93 pg. 94 boy my lord ... the Boy bow , a serious expression on he face . young oxford they tell I one day you be to be a Earl as well . boy I shall be the Earl of southampton . young oxford ( smile ) well then , we shall be earl together , sha not we ? CUT to : 90 int . westminster abbey - day 90 twenty - five year later . William cecil 's body be in state , in he coffin , in the center of the apse . elizabeth look completely stricken , approach the coffin , hold cecil 's white cane . she place it at he side . in the background we hear the archbishop of canterbury read from the bible . archbishop ( o.s. ) ... in the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread , till thou return to the earth : for out of it wast thou take , because thou art dust , and to dust shalt thou return ... ROBERT cecil scan the room , to see how it be all play out . oxford watch stoically , he wife and child at he side . 94 pg. 95 91 ext . westminster abbey - day 91 the funeral over , Elizabeth exit the portal of westminster Abbey and head to she carriage . a huge crowd of mourner have assemble . Robert cecil step into place right behind she . elizabeth we wish to recall Essex from Ireland ... Robert cecil be instantly concerned , but hide it well . they continue to walk . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) we feel a terrible void , now that you father be no longer at we side ... Robert cecil bow he head as he walk . ROBERT cecil a wise decision , you majesty . if nothing else , it will give he a opportunity to respond to all this rumor . still walk , she turn to he sharply . elizabeth rumor ? ROBERT cecil I be sorry , majesty , I think you would hear . elizabeth Heard what ? ROBERT cecil Essex be in negotiation with Philip of Spain ... elizabeth peace be at hand . we know this . ROBERT cecil majesty -- it be say that Essex have promise Phillip all of Catholic Ireland in return for ... he hesitates . 95 pg. 96 elizabeth in return for what ? ROBERT cecil Spain 's support of Essex 's claim to the throne of England ... they have arrive at she carriage . ROBERT cecil ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) it be , as of yet , just rumor . elizabeth bring he to I , William . bring he to I at once ! ROBERT cecil ( correct ) Robert , majesty . Elizabeth stare at he for a instant , then get into she carriage , unsure of herself . ROBERT cecil ( cont 'd ) my father 's death have be a great loss for we all ... she ignore he , try to collect herself . Robert cecil turn to the driver , nods , and the carriage take off . as soon as it be away , Robert cecil turn and some in the crowd of commoner begin to boo at he . CUT to : horse hoove as they gallop over emerald green grasses . we be : 92 ext . a military field in ireland - day 92 a group of horseman gallop into Essex 's camp . a messenger jump off he horse and head for Essex 's tent . 93 int . essex be tent - day 93 where Essex and southampton be have dinner as the messenger enter . he bow . 96 pg. 97 messenger my lord ... he hand he a seal envelope . Essex take it , begin to read . frown , slam the parchment down . he look into the distance , try to process what he 's just read . southampton pick up the parchment and begin read . southampton she can not believe this ... essex oh , can not she ? southampton it 's Robert cecil . he fail to kill you , now he try to kill you name . Essex head for the flap of the tent . essex we leave with the tide ! CUT to : 94 int . the mermaid be tavern - night 94 Shakespeare enter the tavern carry a roll up parchment . he pass various actor drink , then hurry over to jonson , nashe and dekker , who be deep in drink . shakespeare well , I have get it ! Shakespeare unravel the parchment . he put it on the table with a flourish . it show a coat-of - arm contain a spear and a falcon . the color be numerous , and garish . shakespeare ( cont 'd ) the herald just finish it not a hour ago . ( smile ) well ? everyone be confuse by it . nashe it 's quite ... colorful . 97 pg. 98 dekker what in blaze be it ? shakespeare my coat-of -arm ! it cost a bloody fortune , but , by god , you can call I gentleman now ! jonson look over at Shakespeare . Shakespeare lock eye with he , but look away , ashamed of something . dekker I can not quite make out the motto ... non sanz ... non ... shakespeare " non sanz droict " . nashe not without -- jonson right !? not without right ? ( beat ) you go to he , do not you ? you lie knave -- you go to he ! Shakespeare do not want to discuss this with the other present . shakespeare ( smile ) ben. Ben ! let I buy you a-- he grab jonson 's shoulder , but jonson push he away . jonson what ? you have already kill off one competitor . now you want another dead as well ? Shakespeare look at the confuse nashe and dekker nervously . shakespeare I do not know what you mean . Ben , we should really -- jonson I swore to he I would not tell you he name . swore it ! do you have any idea what he might do to I ? do you ? ( to nashe ) ( more ) 98 pg. 99 jonson ( cont 'd ) he 's not even a writer you know . he can not even -- shakespeare Ben -- you have have too much to drink . Shakespeare grab jonson . jonson unhand I ! Shakespeare back off . jonson pull out a piece of parchment from he shirt . jonson ( cont 'd ) here ! ( look around ) a quill ! a quill ! nashe and dekker look at each other , slightly embarrassed . jonson find a quill deep in he pants . he thrust it at will , who ignore it . jonson ( cont 'd ) ( be : the parchment ) go on , will . write something for we . now . go on ! amaze we with you verse . you wit ! no ? try astounding we with the letter " E " . or a " I " -- it 's just a straight line ! Shakespeare stare at he . shakespeare you have not get any ink . and he exit . CUT to : 95 ext . the CITY gate of london - day 95 southampton and Essex be on horseback , follow by several dozen armed retainer , galloping towards the city of London . 96 ext . whitehall palace - courtyard - day 96 the party ride into the first gate . the palace be the city residence of the Queen , and be at the edge of the City . 99 pg. 100 Essex and southampton jump off they horse . 97 int . whitehall palace - hallway - day 97 Essex and southampton walk quickly down the long hallway , open door after door . servant scurry behind they , terrify of the intrusion , try to stop they . they open the door into -- 98 int . whitehall palace - audience chamber - day 98 the lady - in- wait scream in fear when they see the two man in battle gear . essex ( to southampton ) wait for I . and he continue on into -- 99 int . whitehall palace - old elizabeth' bedroom - 99 continuous -- where Elizabeth be still dress , put on make - up , etc . she be not wear she wig , and be only wear she undergarment . she look quite ugly . she turn to see Essex , shocked at he intrusion . Essex freeze . he know he have just make a enormous faux - pas . essex majesty , I , I ... she stare at he , horrify to be see in such a manner . the she regains she composure and -- elizabeth get out ! out !!! he step back in horror - - not at she appearance , but what he have just do . the door slam in front of he as we -- elizabeth ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) the insolence ! 100 pg. 101 100 int . whitehall palace - audience chamber - day 100 Elizabeth , now dress and wear she wig on she throne , be raging at Robert cecil . elizabeth who in God 's name do he think he be ? abandon he post without my leave ! she begin to absent - mindedly unbutton the top of she bodice . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) come into we presence in such a manner , neither announce nor invite , half he army in my courtyard . he 's go mad ... mad ! ROBERT cecil no . unfortunately for we , you majesty , he be quite sane . he simply believe he be you royal equal . she turn to he sharply , furious at the think . 101 ext . essex house - day 101 it look like a armed camp , with part of Essex 's army encampe in the front courtyard . the soldier be all tense . Oxford , follow only by francesco , ride into the courtyard . he be immediately surround by armed man , they musket point at he . Oxford raise he hand . oxford I be Edward , Earl of Oxford . southampton Edward ! Edward ! thank god you be here . southampton come towards he . southampton ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth have revoke all of he royal license ! she believe every lie cecil tell about he . ( see Oxford 's wound ) Edward ? what happen to you leg ? 101 pg. 102 oxford ( shrug ) nothing . Oxford continue towards the door . southampton follow , he concern for Oxford 's wound noticeable . 102 int . essex house - hall - day 102 Oxford , southampton and Essex be alone . Oxford be sit in a chair , while Essex pace impatiently , southampton stand between they . essex she will not accept my letter . I cannot get to she . cecil plan to arrest I any day . I know it . ( beat and more determine ) but that will not be as easy as he think . oxford fight he in London , and you only validate every rumor and lie cecil have ever tell about you . essex then what do you suggest I do ? let myself be arrest so I can be try and execute for crime I do not commit ? oxford no . I will go to Elizabeth , myself , alone -- essex how ? cecil will not let she see a letter without read it first . oxford I will not send she a letter . I will send she a book . Essex look confuse , but Oxford ignore it . oxford ( cont 'd ) she will call for I . and while I be with she , you will come -- not with a army , not with sword , but with she loyal subject . the cobbler , the tinker , the bricklayer of London . ( more ) 102 pg. 103 oxford ( cont 'd ) all , all call for Robert cecil 's banishment from Court . word , Robert , word , will prevail with she , not sword . Essex look unsure . essex and the mob ? how will I -- oxford leave that to I . 103 omit 103 103a int . oxford stone - a study - night 103a Oxford be in he room , write feverishly by candlelight . he complete a think ... close the manuscript ... write down the title with a flourish : the tragedie of Richard III 104 int . a room above the mermaid tavern - day 104 a room for the whore to take they trick . small , with nothing much beyond a straw bed . Shakespeare be bedding a buxom young lady . and then the door open . francesco enter , and Oxford follow , hold a manuscript . Shakespeare look shocked . she start to scream and yell as she pull a sheet to cover herself . francesco ( to the whore ) hold you tongue , whore , and get out ! she do so as Oxford walk over to Shakespeare . he toss the manuscript to he . Shakespeare start to look at it . the whore be partially dress , so -- francesco ( cont 'd ) ( to the whore ) out , woman ! whore oi . ` oo 's go to pay I then ? 103 pg. 104 Shakespeare give a look to Oxford -- he certainly be not go to pay for it . Oxford nod to francesco , who give the whore a few coin . she smile , and leave . oxford you shall begin rehearsals immediately . but it be not to be perform until I tell you . and you may only have a day 's notice . Shakespeare look confuse . shakespeare that will be expensive -- keep all the actor ready . have the prop make but not -- Oxford toss a very large pouch of coin at he , and then begin to leave . oxford oh , and congratulation . you have have a epic poem publish today . shakespeare ( confuse ) publish ? you mean like in a book ? Renaissance music begins as we -- CUT to : a piece of paper as a printer press down the press onto it . the title page be print in front of we . it 's call " venus and adonis " . a montage begins . 105 int . a print shop - day 105 and the printer bring the page out from the press and check it for proper alignment . shakespeare ( v.o. ) ` the boar ! ' quoth she ; whereat a sudden pale , like lawn be spread upon the blush rise ... usurp she cheek ; she tremble at he tale , ( more ) 104 pg. 105 shakespeare ( v.o. ) and on he neck she yoke arm she throw : the printer nod he approval ... the poem continue with : 105a ext . the print shop - day 105 a Shakespeare exit the print shop , continue to read the book , now out - loud . shakespeare ( v.o. ) she sinketh down , still hang by he neck , he on she belly fall , she on she back . ( not quote ) oh , I like this ... dissolve to : 106 omit 106 a cover of " venus and adonis " that be hold by a woman . lady in waiting ( o.s. ) ' fondle , ' she saith , I will be a park , and thou shalt be my deer ; feed where thou will , on mountain or in dale : we be : 107 int . whitehall palace - audience chamber - day 107 a lady-in - waiting be read out loud to other lady . they listen giggle now and then . we only see they from the back . lady in waiting graze on my lip ; and if that hill be dry , stray lower , where the pleasant fountain lie . 105 pg. 106 second lady in waiting ( continue ) seed spring from seed , and beauty breedeth beauty ; thou wast begot ; to beget be thy duty . by law of nature thou art bound to breed ... they look up and see -- elizabeth stand across the room . how much have she hear ? wider they all stand abruptly , worried . the woman who be read the book put it down on a table . Elizabeth silently walk over to they , and pick up the book . she open it as we -- CUT to : 108 int . whitehall palace - hallway - dusk 108 Robert cecil walk down the long hall , head for a audience with the queen . two guard open a door , let he into -- 109 int . whitehall palace - old elizabeth' bedroom - dusk 109 Elizabeth be look out the window . it 's raining outside . she be not wear she wig , not much make - up , and look quite ... odd . Robert cecil enter . elizabeth ( turn ) you find I disgusting , do not you ? repugnant . wrinkle ? ROBERT cecil you , you be the sun , majesty . the glory of -- elizabeth liar ! Robert cecil shut he mouth . 106 pg. 107 elizabeth ( cont 'd ) be it so hard to believe that once I be young ? that I be ... beautiful ? you father know I as such ... ( beat ) you have read the book ? she do not have to say which one . Robert cecil see a copy of " venus and adonis " on a table . he nods . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) he write to I . to remind I of that beauty . that love . how I ... take he . how I ... adore he ... Robert cecil know to be silent . she look out the window . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( throaty , sexually ) graze on my lip ; and if that hill be dry , stray lower , where the pleasant fountain lie ... she smile seductively , transport in time . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I have be foolish . proud . yes . too proud . gloriana ... the virgin Queen ... a statue . bloodless . ( beat ) " thou wast begot ; to beget be thy duty . by law of nature thou art bound to breed , that thine may live when thou thyself art dead " ... ( beat ) you father tell you of the child ? a beat . ROBERT cecil ( hint of a smile ) which one , you majesty ? Elizabeth 's eye flare in anger for a instant , then she regains composure . elizabeth his. mine . he still life ? Robert cecil nod . 107 pg. 108 elizabeth ( cont 'd ) he be well place ? a nobleman ? ROBERT cecil ( hesitates ) yes ... you majesty . elizabeth who ? Robert cecil hesitates . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I be you Queen ! now who be my son !!? ROBERT cecil his grace , the Earl of ... southampton , you majesty . she seem surprised . perhaps she be expect Essex . but then she smile , and nods in approval . cecil majesty ... you be not have doubt about James of Scotland succeed you , be you ? Elizabeth go into a rage . elizabeth James ?! he be the son of Mary ! she plotted and scheme to steal the throne from under I ! no son of hers will rule while a yet tudor life ! Robert cecil be surprised by she fury . he bow he head as Elizabeth try to collect herself . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I will decide what be best for my kingdom ! not you ! not you !! ( calmer ) I have bid Edward to come to I on my return to London on Monday next . it be decide . she say no more , the audience over . Robert cecil hesitates , and then she glare at he ... he bow and exit , the fury on he face plain . Elizabeth look at she own reflection in the window ... 108 pg. 109 elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) and so , in spite of death , I shall survive , in that , my likeness still be leave alive . CUT to : 110 ext . bankside london - day 110 Ben jonson walk with a manuscript in he hand . he stop for a moment when he see the new Globe theater . worker be still painting the wall . he pause when he see a poster in front advertising a performance of " Richard III " on Monday next . 110a int . the globe theater - day 110 a jonson stick he head in and take in the glorious new theater Shakespeare and burbage have build . the actor condell be on stage , rehearse the character of " gloucester " . he walk on stage with a limp , and have a large hump on he back . he be a caricature of Robert cecil . " gloucester " ( in character ) but I , that be not shape for sportive trick , nor make to court a amorous look - glass ... Richard burbage , the theater 's stage manager , be watch he performance with Spencer and a group of actor . jonson stop and watch the rehearsal for a beat . " gloucester " ( cont 'd ) ( in character ) I , that be curtail would of this fair proportion , deform , unfinish would , send before my time into this breathe world ... spencer good part , that ... 109 pg. 110 " gloucester " ... and that so lamely and unfashionable that dog bark at I as I halt by they . ( out of character ) be this wise ? burbage it 's only the one performance . go on ! " gloucester " I need a drink ... and " gloucester " head backstage . jonson ( to burbage ) burbage . wonderful theater . wonderful ! the best bankside ! but only one performance ? be it that bad ? burbage hardly , it 's will 's new play . Richard the third . we have be hire to perform it free to the public . jonson free ? burbage aye . some anonymous nobleman pay for everything . God know will never would . be rehearse all week , just find out this morning , we go up next Monday . jonson think a beat -- that 's odd -- but then hold up he manuscript . jonson ( grin ) my best so far . I guarantee more than one performance . though I will not pay for the ticket myself . ( wink ) no need to . burbage sorry , Ben ... jonson look confuse . 110 pg. 111 burbage ( cont 'd ) will ... he 's part owner ... I be sorry Ben , but I have to agree no jonson play at the Globe ... ever . jonson be in shock . CUT to : 111 int . the mermaid be tavern - night 111 jonson be deep in drink , by himself . he listen as patron of the bar say : man ( to a woman ) you doin ' tomorrow ? woman you askin ? man manage to get two ticket to Shakespeare 's latest . cost I a fortune . passing man ballock , do it ! they be give they away free . some of the actor from the rehearsal enter , all jolly and excited . they head for the bar . they be : the actor who played " gloucester " , Spencer , Pope , heminge , etc ... spencer best villain in the history of theater , Richard the third . no doubt . heminge come on . better than mephistophele ? spencer no doubt ! you marlowe - - god rest he soul - - be fine for you everyday scalawag , and you jonson will not even try the hard drama . no , this be Shakespeare , for god 's sake ! the man know drama . I tell you , not even the Greeks compare ! ( toast ) to Shakespeare ! and villainy ! 111 pg. 112 all to Shakespeare ! and villainy ! jonson get up , furious , and exit , quite drunk . the actor do not even notice he . 112 ext . STREET in front of tower of london - night 112 jonson stumble down the street , alone , deep in he own private hell . it 's raining . whore Fancy a tumble ? only sixpence ! jonson wave she off . he look up and see : from he Pov : the Tower of London . he make a decision . 113 omitted 113 114 int . the tower of london - pole's room - day 114 jonson sit in the same spot where marlowe be sit earlier . and he hate himself for it . rain drip down the window . pole look up from some papers . pole I have not get all day , man . jonson I ... there be a -- there be a play to be perform ... on Monday . pole there 's many play to be perform next Monday , be not there ? jonson yes , my lord , but this one be to be perform one performance , and one performance only . on Monday . all bankside be talk of it . ( beat ) the History of King Richard the third . by William Shakespeare . pole be confuse . so ? 112 pg. 113 jonson ( cont 'd ) he kill he brother the king , and half the royal family to get the throne for himself -- pole I know who Richard the third be . jonson yes . of course you do . but in William Shakespeare 's version , he be play as a hunch - back . pole realize this be significant . 115 int . cecil house - the private chapel - dawn 115 Robert cecil have pray all night . his lip silently move in a prayer for a miracle . when pole appear he do not stop he prayer . only after pole whisper in he ear do he stop and look slowly up to the simple cross and close he eye in relief . 116 ext . london - day 116 from high , high above a city of 200,000 soul . it 's a beautiful sunny day , but black storm cloud be on the horizon . all of London be on its foot . they all be on they way to bankside . the London Bridge be cramme one way . the River Thames be full of many small boat of theatergoer . 117 ext . bankside - in front of the globe - day 117 we see that a huge crowd have form in front of the Globe . 118 int . the globe theater - backstage - day 118 everyone be busy , prepare for the performance ; actor , stage -hands , etc ... Shakespeare adjust a actor 's costume when burbage walk up besides he . 113 pg. 114 burbage we have to turn `em away by the hundred ! look ! never see anything quite like it ! and both man look out the curtain to the crowd outside . the theater be full to the last seat . the people be cramme together like sardine . 118a int . oxford stone - oxford be room - night 118a Oxford be be dress in front of a mirror ... his finest clothes ... powder to face ... francesco assist he . 118aa int . the globe theater - the galleries - day 118 aa jonson be lean against the edge of the balustrade , watch the groundling fill in . he bite he nail nervous . nashe join he as -- nashe so ! I hear the Earl of Essex pay for this whole performance ! man 's never even be to the theater , and still he 's hear of will -- dekker also join they . dekker Essex !? impossible . my cousin 's one of he men-at-arm . have not be pay in week . they be all just sit there , wait . jonson wait ? wait for what ? dekker want to have a audience with the Queen . as if cecil would ever let Essex near she now . nashe by the mass , cecil in favor , Essex out ! who can keep up with it all !? ( take a swig ) ( more ) 114 pg. 115 nashe ( cont 'd ) Zound , I tire of politics , politics , politics . 119 ext . the thame river - day 119 Oxford be in a long -boat , head for whitehall Palace . the oar of the boat cut neatly and silently into the water . 120 int . whitehall palace - old elizabeth' bedroom - day 120 Elizabeth be do she toilette . she seem excited like a school girl before she first date . her lady in wait be attend to she . 121 int . the globe theater - day 121 the audience hush as -- on stage " gloucester " , the future Richard III , enter . he be hunch -back , and look as much like Robert cecil as possible in term of beard and costume . first the people be in stunne silence , but then like magic the hiss start . it be follow by more hiss and the first boo . the actor play gloucester nervously look around ... in the galleries dekker seem surprised at the similarity to Robert cecil . dekker ( to nashe ) tire of politics be you ? seem you pick the wrong day to come to the theater , then ... jonson give dekker a sharp look . what 's go on here ? on stage " gloucester " address the audience . " gloucester " now be the winter of we discontent make glorious summer by this son of York . grim-visage war hath smooth would he wrinkle front .... 115 pg. 116 the hiss and boo have swell so strong that the actor stop for a moment . but then he find the courage again to continue . jonson look down at the groundle 's reaction , and spot -- francesco in the audience . but among the groundling , not in Oxford 's usual box seat . jonson look over to Oxford 's box . it 's empty . " gloucester " ... and now instead of mount bard steed to fright the soul of fearful adversary , he caper nimbly in a lady 's chamber to the lascivious pleasing of a lute . but I , that be not shape for sportive trick , nor make to court a amorous look - glass ... 122 omit 122 123 int . whitehall palace - ROBERT cecil be room - day 123 Robert cecil watch himself in a mirror as armor be place on he by servant . " gloucester " ( o.s. ) I , that be curtail would of this fair proportion , deform , unfinish would , send before my time into this breathe world , .... 124 ext . bankside - in front of the globe theater - day 124 the huge crowd have stay in front of the Globe . it seem they be wait for something . we hear hiss and boo from the crowd inside the theater . " gloucester " ... and that so lamely and unfashionable that dog bark at I as I halt by they . 116 pg. 117 125 int . the globe theater - day 125 on stage , " gloucester : continue despite the concert of hiss and boo ... " gloucester " and therefore , since I can not prove a lover , I be determine to prove a villain and hate the idle pleasure of this day ... 126 ext . essex house - day 126 Essex mount he horse , southampton at he side . they sixty or so man behind they ready for the march to Elizabeth . essex Edward know what he be do ... do he not ? southampton he promise we a mob . they will be here . Essex look concerned , but say no more . 127 int . whitehall palace - ROBERT cecil be room - day 127 the servant tighten the last strap of Robert cecil 's armor . he smile at himself in the mirror . " gloucester " ( o.s. ) plot have I laid ! cannon drawn by horse as they roll down a cobble street . we be : 128 ext . london bridge - day 128 Soldiers move people and cart off the street . other put cannon into place and then cover they with canvas tarp . " gloucester " ( o.s. ) induction dangerous , by drunken prophecy , libel and dream , to set my brother clarence and the king in deadly hate the one against the other . 117 pg . 118 129 int . the globe theater - day 129 Shakespeare watch from backstage , get more and more nervous by the audience 's reaction . a audience member ( to the actor play " gloucester " ) a pox on you ! francesco a pox on cecil ! more audience member a pox on cecil ! a pox on cecil ! the actor be get nervous . people start throw lettuce and tomato at they . nashe why be Oxford 's man with the groundling ? backstage Shakespeare and burbage exchange a worried glance . 130 ext . essex house - day 130 the bell of St. James ' Cathedral mark the hour as five o'clock . Essex look to southampton nervously . 131 int . the globe theater - day 131 the play continue . " gloucester " be plotting yet another death on he way to the throne . " gloucester " hath she forget already that brave prince , Edward , she lord , whom I , some three month since , stabb would in my angry mood at tewksbury ? a sweeter and a lovelier gentleman - fram would in the prodigality of nature , Young , valiant , wise , and no doubt right royal - francesco down with cecil ! the actor play " gloucester " hesitates . the audience be get unruly . 118 pg. 119 francesco ( cont 'd ) up with Essex ! to Essex House ! to Essex House !! in the galleries jonson be put the piece together . he stand . jonson this be what Essex be wait for -- ( realize ) Oxford be bring he a mob . jonson head for the stair . nashe why would Oxford -- jonson I do not know , I do not know ! but , the Tower -- cecil , he already know . he know ! ( look at francesco ) I -- I have to warn they ! nashe and dekker be baffle as jonson rush down the stair . various groundlings up with Essex ! Essex ! death to cecil ! backstage Shakespeare turn to burbage . shakespeare we must close the play . now !! burbage Close the ...? be you off you head ? we can start to hear the audience chant " ess -ex , ess - ex " ... on stage it 's get unruly . " gloucester " ( repeat ) fram would ... in the prodigality of nature , Young , valiant , wise , and no doubt right royal - 119 pg. 120 " ess -ex , ess-ex , ess-ex " on the ground jonson push he way through the crowd , try to head for francesco . but they be separate by a sea of people . francesco to Essex House ! to Essex House ! death to cecil ! traitor ! a moment as the whole audience think on this . and then this chant be repeat by hundred in the audience as they be push towards exit . and jonson -- still struggle to reach francesco - - be carry along with the mob . 132 ext . outside the globe theater - day 132 the mob pour out of the door . Storm cloud be gather . a rumble of thunder sound in the distance . 133 int . whitehall palace - hallway - day 133 Oxford be wait for he audience , look out a window , nervously . 134 ext . bankside london - day 134 the crowd pour through bankside , grow in number as more people come out of tavern , whore - house , etc ... a shop-owner come out of he store , confuse . another man grab he . man to Essex ! and then to the Queen ! ( join in the chant ) ess-ex ! ess-ex ! the shop-owner begin to get the spirit of the mob . 135 ext . london bridge - day 135 if anything , the crowd be twice the size it be moment ago . they head down the shop -line bridge , full of bravado . 120 pg. 121 jonson be in the middle of the uncontrolled mob . he spot francesco nearby . wider the mob have to slow down on the bridge . there be not much room . and then it happen ! we be at the front of the mob , when the first soldier appear and pull down the tarp revealing the cannon . people scream as a Officer appear and -- officer Fire ! and then the cannon fire . there be panic all around , and - jonson run with the crowd , try to escape . 137 ext . essex house - day 137 Essex and southampton look tense . they expect a mob here by now . southampton they should be here by now ... Essex frown . essex we go as we be ! now !! and he spur he horse , and gallop down the street . essex ( cont 'd ) to the Queen ! southampton have no choice , and follow . so do the 60 or so man behind they . 136 int . whitehall palace - hallway - day 136 Oxford hear a cannon shot . but it could also be the sound of thunder . he go to the window , see the rain cloud , and dismiss the sound . a lady in waiting enter . 121 pg. 122 lady-in - waiting my lord . her majesty will be with you shortly . 138 omitted 138 139 ext . london bridge - day 139 the mob be in panic . and -- jonson be in the middle of it . francesco signor jonson ! we be betrayed ! run ! run ! jonson look on in horror as francesco be kill by a soldier wield a pike . 140 ext . whitehall palace - courtyard - day 140 Essex and he man roar past the token guard at the front gate , and gallop into the -- MAIN courtyard Essex rear he horse , look around at the many window that surround they from above . essex to the Queen ! to the Queen ! his man repeat he plea . and then , once again , another trap spring . the gate slam close . and -- guard armed with musket line up in a colonnade in the story above . pole be in command . pole take you aim ! southampton realize -- 122 pg. 123 southampton it 's a trap ! essex spread out ! but before he man can obey -- in the colonnade pole order -- pole Fire !! in the courtyard and a hundred shot FIRE down into Essex and he man ! 141 int . whitehall palace - hallway - day 141 Oxford hear the shot fire . confused , he go to a window , look out and see : from he Pov : Men fall all around Essex and southampton . 141a ext . whitehall palace - courtyard - day 141a pole walk down the colonnade . pole re-load ! 142 int . whitehall palace - audience chamber - day 142 Elizabeth head for the window just as a door behind she slam open , and Robert cecil hurry in with a dozen guard . ROBERT cecil majesty ! you must away ! Essex be in armed revolt ! he 's come to usurp you ! elizabeth ( confuse ) Essex ? I -- Edward be -- she seem like a confuse old woman . 123 pg. 124 ROBERT cecil you must flee ! quickly ! majesty ! he mean to kill you and take you throne for himself ! it take only a instant for that to sink in . she look enraged . and then she turn with a flurry , and head back the way she come . the guard that be with Robert cecil follow she . 143 ext . whitehall palace - courtyard - day 143 another fusillade be shot , and more of Essex 's man go down . and then door OPEN on the ground floor , and guard rush out to take down the survivor . Essex and southampton valiantly fight , but there 's just too many . they be soon surround ... and Essex , know all be lose , raise he sword in defeat . southampton see this , and do the same . 144 int . whitehall palace - hallway - continuous 144 Oxford watch all of this through the window . ROBERT cecil ( o.s. ) she will not forgive he this , Edward . Oxford turn , devastate . ROBERT cecil ( cont 'd ) Essex will be convict and execute for treason . ( beat ) as will you son . Oxford look shocked . ROBERT cecil ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) what ? do not you think I know ? of course I know , Edward . my father tell I all he secret . all of they . ( smile ) though the most fascinating be not make know to I until after he death . ( more ) 124 pg. 125 ROBERT cecil ( cont 'd ) he hate you , Edward , how he hate you . and yet he marry he only daughter to you . I never know why , until I read he last letter to I . oxford he want he grandson to be a Earl . ROBERT cecil no , Edward . he want he grandson to be a king . Oxford now look confuse . ROBERT cecil ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth have several child , Edward , not just yours . she be sixteen for the first . bloody Mary be still Queen , and we future gloriana be out of favor . no one think she very important at all . except my father , of course . and when she first child be bear , a male , my father take it , and hide it . the grandson of Henry VIII , the foundle of course have to be rear a nobleman . John De Vere , the previous Earl of Oxford , agree to accept the task . Oxford go ashen . oxford you lie ... ROBERT cecil do I ? ( beat ) why do you think he work so hard to become you guardian after you father die ? he have it all plan year in advance . he would teach you everything he know about statecraft , marry he daughter , and , after Elizabeth 's death , proclaim you heir . his own grandchild to follow you on the throne . but he could not possibly predict what kind of failure you would become . how you would fail in politics , ignore you estate to the point of bankruptcy , all to write ... ( sneer ) poetry . ( beat ) or that you would commit incest . ( more ) 125 pg. 126 ROBERT cecil ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) delicious be not it ? right out of a Greek tragedy . oxford Elizabeth would never have -- ROBERT cecil what ? slept with she son ? ( beat ) I do not think she ever know , to tell you the truth . though you never know with the tudor . they all have have such strange taste in bed-fellow . ( beat ) you could have be a king , Edward . and you son after you . except for the fact that ... you be you . 145 ext . whitehall palace - courtyard - day 145 it 's raining , hard . Oxford almost stumble out of the building onto the now empty courtyard . the remain of the battle be still visible . wound , scream horse struggle to stand ... Oxford 's a shell -- devoid of emotion . Broken . hardly alive at all . he drop to he knee , the rain pour down on he . we see the silhouette of a man watch through a window from the second story above . it 's -- 145a int . whitehall palace - hall - same time 145 a -- Robert cecil , a slight smile on he face . pole approach he from behind . Robert cecil do not turn or acknowledge pole , but speak to he as he stare at Oxford . ROBERT cecil I want a fair trial for southampton ... evidence , witness , no false confession . it must be above reproach . though with a guilty verdict of course . oh , and pole -- ( turn ) if there be any mention of that play -- ( look back at Oxford ) ( more ) 126 pg. 127 ROBERT cecil ( cont 'd ) -- make certain the secretary refer to it as Richard the second . there will be no mention of hunchback in the official record ... CUT to : 146 ext . oxford stone - garden - day 146 Oxford be sit in a chair , watch the river Thames , alone . snow be fall and Oxford be cover in a thick blanket . he look ill . Anne walk up behind he . anne sentence have be pass . Oxford look over at she . Anne smile . this news give she great pleasure . anne ( cont 'd ) they be to be be-head . ( with venom ) both of they . Essex tomorrow , southampton in a week . ( beat ) you son be go to be kill , Edward . by he own mother . put that in one of you play ! and she leave he with that . 147 ext . the tower of london - courtyard - day 147 Essex -- dress in black , but with a bright red waistcoat -- be lead up a scaffold by guard , he hand bound behind he . snow cover the courtyard . there be only a few witness , as befit Essex 's rank . essex stand , look at life one last time . the executioner approach with a axe . Essex turn , realize it be time . essex Strike true . he kneel , rest he head on a wooden bench . 127 pg. 128 essex ( cont 'd ) God save the Queen ! and bam ! just as the axe land we -- CUT to : from a window we see the body of Essex fall onto the scaffold , he head into a basket . we be : 148 int . the tower of london - a cell - day 148 southampton , a prisoner , be watch he future fate from a room high in a tower . dissolve to : boot as they walk , limping along tile floor . we be : 149 int . whitehall palace - audience chamber - day 149 Doors fly open and Oxford appear before Elizabeth , who be on she throne , regal and all in white , surround by courtier , include Robert cecil . but she look very old , very ill . everyone go silent as Oxford approach Elizabeth . Oxford make no notice of they . he bow deeply in front of she . elizabeth leave we . all of you . people start to exit . but not Robert cecil . ROBERT cecil majesty , I -- elizabeth leave we ! cecil exit , obviously worried . when they be alone : elizabeth ( cont 'd ) you look old ... Oxford smile sadly . 128 pg. 129 oxford I thank you majesty for see I . elizabeth you can not have he . oxford he be we son . elizabeth who do commit High treason ! oxford they only wish for a place in government equal to they station . equal to they birth . elizabeth you cause this ! you play , you word , cause my people to mob against I ! do you think I be not aware of you plot with this man Shakespeare , that I would not recognize you voice ? it should be you head on the block next week , not southampton 's ! Oxford kneel . oxford then take my head . in we son' stead . Elizabeth turn away from he , angere . she walk to a window , turn she back on he . oxford ( cont 'd ) neither they nor I ever conspire against you . cecil alone be we aim . he have corrupt you -- elizabeth cecil ? he have keep I my throne ! ( beat ) Mary , Queen of Scots ... Philip , King of Spain ... four french Louis 's ... eight pope -- they all want my head . my throne . all of they ! ( beat ) yet here I remain ... because of the cecil . oxford we would have protect you -- 129 pg. 130 elizabeth you would have protect I ? you ? my " loyal " earl ? ( snarl ) you think Essex and southampton be the first to conspire against I , to try to take my throne ? no ! ( beat ) only the cecil could I trust ! commoner ! they could never claim my throne . never ! they wealth , they power , they survival , all depend on I . I and no other ! a long beat before -- oxford let we child live ... elizabeth ( furious ) all englishmen be my child ! she have a cough fit . Oxford patiently wait until she have recover . finally ... elizabeth ( cont 'd ) do he know ? Oxford shake he head . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) and if I give he to you ? oxford he will never learn of it from I . she pause for a long moment ... and then she decide . elizabeth he must never know ... never . ( beat ) take he . Oxford dare to smile , relieved . oxford but only after my death ! only then ! when all be complete . after James be crown king , he crown safe , only then can you claim you son ... we son . ( beat ) this Island will be whole . ( more ) 130 pg. 131 oxford ( cont 'd ) one Island , one kingdom , one King . ( with disgust ) Scotsman though he be . ( beat ) that , that will be my final gift to my people . ( beat ) and I shall remain pure ... un-taken ! Elizabeth again look out a window . elizabeth treason ... that be all that have come from you ... you son ... you play ... none will be claim by you . none . and she leave the throne chamber . Oxford look after she as the sound of bell slowly begin gonging as we - dissolve to : 150 ext . london - day 150 the bell - ringing come from St. Paul 's Cathedral , the large church in the City . CUT to : 151 ext . the thame river - day 151 on the freeze river Thames we see the funeral procession for the great Queen England have ever see . everybody follow the carriage with the casket of the queen . all the lord and lady of the land . all wear elaborate black clothing . first be Robert cecil . proudly . not far walk Oxford . he be a statue . devoid of emotion . and then joyous choral music replace the church gong as we -- CUT to : a gold crown as it be place on a head . we be : 131 pg. 132 152 int . westminster abbey - day 152 jame I ( late 30' ) be be crown by the archbishop . all the lord and lady of the land be stand in attendance . ROBERT cecil be watch James . his face betray he proud feeling . all of Robert cecil 's desire have come true . Oxford 's wife Anne be there , but Oxford be nowhere to be see . archbishop ( o.s. ) God save the King ! everyone in the abbey God save the King ! CUT to : 153 ext . STREET in front of tower of london - day 153 it 's foggy . Oxford stand next to a carriage , wait as the gate open , and southampton - - scruffy and a bit worse for wear -- be escort out . southampton smile weakly when he see Oxford wait for he . the two man walk towards each other and embrace . both man have tear in they eye . shakespeare ( o.s. ) no , no , no , no . CUT to : 154 int . the globe theater - day 154 Shakespeare be on stage , supervise a rehearsal of " much ado about nothing " . he do not look pleased . shakespeare the line will not get a laugh that way . you must accent the word sirrah -- jonson ( o.s. ) will ! will Shakespeare ! 132 pg. 133 Shakespeare turn and see jonson head he way . jonson be completely drunk , wave a sword in one hand , a tankard in another . jonson ( cont 'd ) so ! off to the palace be you ? Shakespeare immediately see jonson 's condition . shakespeare Ben ! jonson a command performance for we new king ! even in bloody Scotland they have hear of bloody will Shakespeare , have they ? fraud. charlatan . counterfeiter of wit ! murderer ! the actor on stage be all watch , nervous . shakespeare Ben , please ... but jonson charge Shakespeare . Shakespeare easily dodge the drunk jonson . jonson roar and attack again . Shakespeare dodge again , turn , and manage to grab jonson by the throat . they be face to face . shakespeare ( cont 'd ) you come to I , Ben . you come to I ! they stare at each other and then Shakespeare shove he off . jonson fall to the ground . CUT to : 155 ext . outside the globe theater - late afternoon 155 jonson -- only semi conscious -- be carry by the actor and dumped into the street . they leave he there . he wallow in the mud for a beat . then -- servant ( o.c . ) master jonson ? jonson look up to see one of Oxford 's servant stand above he . 133 pg. 134 156 int . oxford stone - outside oxford bedroom - dusk 156 the servant guide jonson towards Oxford 's bedroom just as Anne and a doctor emerge from it . she recognize he . anne ( to servant ) what be this man do in my house ? the servant do not know what to say . anne ( cont 'd ) ( to jonson ) you will leave at once . my husband be quite ill -- jonson it be you husband who send for I , madam . anne and I be dismiss you -- a second doctor exit the sick man 's room . second doctor be you jonson ? jonson nod . second doctor ( cont 'd ) he 's ask for you . jonson Excuse I , you grace . CUT to : 157 int . oxford stone - oxford bedroom - continuous 157 Oxford , in bed , look quite ill , sweat cover he brow . he furiously write on a small tablet on he lap . he hold up he hand for silence as jonson enter , the doctor follow behind he . oxford thank you , doctor . the doctor exit . 134 pg. 135 oxford ( cont 'd ) come over here , jonson ... he point to a chair by the bed . when jonson sit down he notice a big pile of manuscript by the side of the bed . oxford ( cont 'd ) do you know , jonson , that my family can trace its peerage farther back than any family in the kingdom ? we fight at crecy . at bosworth field . at agincourt . ( beat ) I inherite my earldom as one of the wealthiest man ever to breathe English air ... and at last breath , I shall be one of the poorest . jonson look on sadly . oxford ( cont 'd ) never a voice in government . never a sword raise in glorious battle . no immortal deed for my heir to know I by . ( beat ) word , merely word , be to be my legacy ... ( beat ) you alone watch my play and know they as mine . when I hear the applause , the cheer , of the audience , all that hand clap , they be celebrate ... another man . but in that cacophony of sound , I strain to hear the sound of two hand only . your . ( beat ) but hear they , I never do . jonson stare at he . oxford ( cont 'd ) death take away all pretense and demand honesty from its target . you , you have never tell I ... never tell I what you think of my work ... to answer be not a easy task for jonson 's ego . he hesitates . 135 pg. 136 jonson ( almost a whisper ) I find ... you word ... the most wondrous ever hear on we stage . on any stage ... ever . the two man now look each other in the eye . jonson ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) you be the soul of the age ... Oxford smile at the think of it . then -- oxford promise I ... promise I , jonson , that you will keep we secret safe . that you will not expose Shakespeare ... jonson my lord ? oxford I have see it in you face ... he vex you . how could he not ? but he be not you burden . he be mine . then he nod to the manuscript by he side . oxford ( cont 'd ) all my writings . the play , the sonnet ... keep they safe . keep they from my family . from the cecil 's . wait a few year , and then , publish they . jonson look stricken . jonson I be not worthy of this charge , my lord . I ... I betrayed you ... I tell they of you -- oxford I have make it my life to know the character of man , jonson . I know you . you may have betrayed I , but you will never betray my word ... he put the last manuscript on the pile . jonson look at the -- 136 pg. 137 front page which read " dedication " , then more word , start with : " to the Earl of southampton " 158 int . oxford stone - outside oxford bedroom - dusk 158 jonson leave Oxford 's room , visibly shake . the manuscript be under he arm . Anne , Oxford 's wife be still there , surround by doctor . then she see jonson leave . anne get out ! you , you friend , you blasphemous theater , have bring nothing but ruin and dishonor to this family . jonson ruin ? dishonor ? madam . you , you family , I , even Elizabeth herself shall be remember solely because we have the honor to live whilst you husband put ink to paper . he turn and exit . CUT to : 159 ext . oxford stone - dusk 159 jonson exit the building and walk away . he read the dedication on the first page of the manuscript as he walk . jonson ( v.o. ) to the Earl of southampton . the love I dedicate to you lordship be without end ; whereof this pamphlet , without beginning , be but a superfluous moiety . jonson freeze , and look back at Oxford 's house , realize there be another whole layer to all this ; exactly what he can only guess . CUT to : 137 pg . 138 160 int . oxford stone - oxford be room - night 160 a few hour later . Oxford have die in he bed . Anne watch as a doctor cover he face with a sheet . jonson ( v.o. ) what I have do be yours ; what I have to do be yours ; be part in all I have , devote , yours . 161 ext . a SMALL church - day 161 a casket be be interred into the family mausoleum . Anne be there , as be Oxford 's child . so be Robert cecil . jonson ( v.o. ) be my worth great , my duty would show great ; meantime , as it be , it be bound to you lordship , to whom I wish long life ... still lengthen with all happiness . southampton be there as well . watch . tear roll down he cheek . CUT to : 162 int . tower of london - interrogation room - night 162 where we begin . a bucket of water be dumped on jonson . he regains consciousness and look around . somewhat confuse he see : Robert cecil limping out of the dark towards he . Robert cecil lean down , and very close to he ear , whisper : cecil I can make all this go away , jonson ... to be but a dream . like one of you play ... or , I can bring you so much pain -- pain that be you give a thousand year , and a thousand quill , you could never justly describe ... cecil step back . 138 pg. 139 cecil ( cont 'd ) I know you have they . all he manuscript . my sister see you leave Oxford Stone with they under you arm . jonson take a long time before answer . will he betray Oxford ? jonson they be destroy ... burn ... by you own man ... cecil do not know whether to believe he or not . interrogator he 's lie ... jonson my lord ? why would I lie ? be there a man alive who have reason to hate he more than I ? jonson stare directly at cecil , know he be speak about cecil as well as himself . jonson ( cont 'd ) he be something I could never be . a undeniable perfection ... that plague my soul ... and to he I be ... nothing . a messenger . nothing more . cecil stare into he eye for a long moment , search for the truth . then he smile . cecil let he go ! he tell the truth . Robert cecil turn to leave , but then turn a last time . cecil ( cont 'd ) and jonson -- better he , will not you ? wipe he memory for all time . for you . and for I . Robert cecil smile at jonson , who can only stare at he . finally : jonson ( sotto ) I be afraid that this be not possible , my lord . Robert cecil 's smile freeze and he leave . 139 pg. 140 163 ext . STREET in front of tower of london - dawn 163 jonson be get release . he walk away .... a lonely figure . 164 ext . the rose theater - dawn 164 Wide from above ... still smoking from the fire .... all the sudden we make out jonson search through the rubble . 164a int . whitehall palace - audience chamber - night 164a set for a Court performance of a play . courtier bow as King James I enter the chamber , Robert cecil two step behind he . James take he seat right in front of the stage , as Elizabeth use to . 164b ext . the rose theater - dawn 164b jonson 's eye search the ground . and , eventually , he find it -- the metal BOX that seem to somehow have survive the conflagration . jonson open the box . inside the BOX be the manuscript Oxford give he . jonson smile , relieved . they be singe at the edge , but they be there . we hear -- prologue ( o.s. ) o - - for a muse of fire ... that would ascend the brightest heaven of invention ... dissolve to : a actor play prologue . he be the same actor who introduce the " play " at the beginning of the film . but now he wear elizabethan clothing -- but again , all monochromatic and grey . 140 pg. 141 prologue ( cont 'd ) a kingdom for a stage , prince to act , and monarch to behold the swell scene ! 165 int . whitehall palace - audience chamber - night 165 and he be stand on the stage . prologue let we , cipher to this great accompt , on you imaginary force work . King James ' watch enthusiastically , Robert cecil right next to he . jame I we have see some of this Shakespeare 's play in Edinburgh , Sir Robert . I must tell you , we enjoy they immensely , and look forward to see many more , now that we be in London ... I presume you be as avid a theater man as myself ? Robert cecil 's smile remain freeze . ROBERT cecil of course , you majesty ... the camera move away from they and we realize we be on the theater stage where we start . 166 int . broadway theater - stage - dusk 166 " prologue " turn and address he audience ( and we ) in the modern theater . prologue Robert cecil remain the most powerful man in the Court of King James , though he could not prevent the public theater from become ever more popular . William Shakespeare , however , spend the remain year of he life not in the playhouse of London , but in the small town of he birth , stratford upon avon , as a businessman and grain merchant . ( beat ) ( more ) 141 pg. 142 prologue ( cont 'd ) Ben jonson succeed in he desire to be the most celebrate playwright of he time , become England 's first Poet Laureate . and in 1623 , he write the dedication to the collect work of the man we call William Shakespeare . ( beat ) and so ... though we story be finish , we poet 's be not . for he monument be ever-live , make not of stone but of verse , and it shall be remember ... as long as word be make of breath and breath of life . the curtain close . end credit start to roll ... fade out .