" antitrust " screenplay by Howard Franklin shoot draft 2001 on a black screen it say : " the coolest thing ? " voice wow . that 's hard . I would have to say it 's the day we launch outpost ' 98 . we hear a ( famous ) Seattle alternative band . ext . outpost campus - day ( begin MAIN title ) Quick cut , seductive angle : 70 hot -air balloon rise over a vast , green corporate campus . they mylar skin be imprint with outpost ' 98 logo ; they gondolas be dress in outpost -color bunt . 18,000 outpost employee cheer . they be spread out over roll lawn , amid Arabian tent and costume acrobat . over the balloon - dot sky , the graphic re-appear : " the coolest thing ? " different voice ( daryl ) it 's the beverage . int . outpost office - day ( continue title &amp ; music ) a programmer sit in he handsome office , forest landscape out the window . the screen say : daryl , m.i.t . ' 95 daryl Gary always make sure we have get the coolest stuff to drink . jump cut of tall refrigerator : snapples , coke , fruitopias , Zap , jolt , barque &amp ; sprite be line - up behind glass door . " the coolest thing ? " different voice ( diana ) know you work mean something . int . outpost campus - day ( continue title &amp ; music ) a 24 - year-old Korean - american girl sit at the edge of a plash , post - modern fountain . diana , stanford ' 97 diana ( v.o. ) know everywhere in the world , this be the software people use . montage of world capital &amp ; remote place : stockbroker &amp ; farmer , News anchor &amp ; student , ceo 's &amp ; eskimos boot - up outpost ' 98 , or log - on with outpost Internet traveler . diana ( v.o. ) 20 year ago , Gary have a idea , that 's all he have . and now the company 's bigger than IBM . over the last shot ( a ghetto kid use outpost Word in the library ) : " the coolest thing ? " voice ( v.o. ) it 's the people . which be weird . ext . coffee house / terrace - day ( continue title &amp ; music ) a programmer sit with two colleague , drink latte at the edge of Lake Washington . mitch , berkeley , ' 98 mitch Big company be s'pose to be impersonal . montage : programmers play competitive game at a outpost picnic ; toddler play on computer in a outpost Day Care Center ; geek confer at a diagram - cover whiteboard ; employee listen / dance to the Seattle band we have be hearing , on-stage , at the outpost ' 98 launch . mitch ( v.o. ) there 's this myth that do a start - up be cooler . but there 's no community with a start -up . no permanence . back to scene : coffee house / terrace ( continue title ) one of Mitch 's colleague be nodd . donny , harvard , '97 donny it bum I out when the media say we be cultish , or whatever . why ? ' Cause we care about each other ? donny do not mean to sound so mushy . nobody know where to look for a second . mitch ' Love you too , bro . as they laugh : " the coolest thing ? " voice ( terry ) I will tell you what 's not cool . terry how Gary get this superbad rap . montage of magazine cover ( Newsweek , vanity Fair , wired ) feature Gary boyd . they say , eg : " who own cyberspace ? " on a time cover , he 's composite by the Capitol dome : " robber baron or visionary ? outpost 's antitrust woe " terry ( v.o. ) there 's this prejudice against super - smart people . people like Gary . gary ( early 40' ) read a statement before a congressional sub-committee . his voice be pleasant but firm : gary a kid work in he garage can create the next outpost , the new IBM . all it take be a great idea . a bloat Senator look hostile . gary that 's why nobody can have a monopoly in a business build on idea . as we watch , camera pull back from the screen on which the movie be be project . reverse into : int . college auditorium - evening ( end MAIN title ) over a audience of 40 or so computer student we read : stanford university we pick out milo connor , watch keenly . he 's 21 : clear - eye , alive , innocent . he sit with he best friend , teddy chin , third - generation chinese - american . different voice ( v.o. ) the coolest ? Gary . he 's like you or I . if we happen t'be insanely rich . some appreciative laughter in the auditorium . but behind milo , larry lindholm squirm in he seat . he whisper : larry can we go ? voice ( from the film ) for I ? it 's Seattle ! larry ' start to get nauseate . brian bissel , in front of milo , twist in he seat : brian do you mind ? Larry get up . two outpost recruiter , redmond price , 31 ( gray suit ) and danny baylor , 29 ( outpost ' 98 golf shirt ) note the walkout . Danny scan headshot in a Stanford yearbook . ( on-screen behind they we see Seattle : night street wet-down &amp ; shimmer ; Young people enter a club ; Young people climb mt. shasta . ) find Larry 's picture , Danny point out the name to redmond , who shrug : unconcern . voice from the movie do anybody mention the beverage ? int . hallway outside auditorium - continuous the double - door swing open ( over they , a plate read : the hewlitt - packard auditorium ) and Larry come out . up the hallway - continuous alice poulson , a very pretty girl of 21 ( more hiply dress than the geek ) search the hall , read the name over the door ( nec Communications classroom , toshiba Computer Lab , mitsubishi classroom ) . she spot Larry . alice be it over ? larry they still have to give them refreshment lace with mind - alter drug . alice you be a fanatic . larry ' gonna wait outside . ext . stanford computer science bldg . - a moment later tilting down the neo-classical edifice , we read the name etched over the entrance : william gate computer science build . we find Larry and Alice sit on the step . larry ( at first o.s. ) Alice ? you gotta make he do the start - up with teddy and I . alice " make " he ? larry ( thoughtfully ) you know what I mean . as we hear Larry speak , we cut back into : the auditorium - continuous the light be on . milo &amp ; teddy stand by a table dress in outpost bunt , laden with refreshment &amp ; giveaway : mousepad , t-shirt , cap &amp ; book with the outpost logo on they ( a simple contour draw of a frontier outpost ) . while most student chat earnestly with recruiter , milo &amp ; teddy load they plate with pizza and tortilla chip . larry ( v.o. ) I be not exactly worldly , but I be the Secretary of State next to he . milo put some brownie on he plate . larry ( v.o. ) and they be all throw this -- stuff at he . stock option . pay package . spot a book on the table , milo pick it up . ext . gate bldg . - continuous larry I be just screw . alice ( that 's not true ) you know what he 's like . he just want to work on stuff that 's cool . larry you do not wanna move , do you ? alice I can paint anywhere . Larry look at she : you do not answer my question . alice I would like to stay here , yeah . and I kind of think he should be with teddy . the auditorium - continuous milo and teddy discuss the book almost joyfully . ( we see a page of code : utterly indecipherable . ) alice ( v.o. ) I mean , nobody else can follow what they be talk about half the time . milo / teddy ( under Alice ) ' could be a condition - variable in the lock code -- if it do not seg fault , first ! ext . gate bldg . - continuous alice maybe you should not push it so hard . about outpost . no offense , you sound insane . larry I can not help it . I feel like they would do anything to keep they -- alice anything ? that 's not even credible . if he want to go up there ? to check it out ? I think you should encourage he . ( see Larry 's incredulity ) it 's he life . but everybody 's treat he like this -- valuable object . you be hurt you own case . int . auditorium - continuous Brian , already wear one of the outpost cap , effuse to redmond . brian he 's my god . I hear he actually call recruit sometimes . or be that a urban legend ? redmond Gary 's run the biggest software company in the world , Brian . he 's be harass by the justice Department , and he 's get a new baby . across the room , milo ( eat chip , peruse code ) reach for a napkin but unwittingly grab some bunt . it unravel in a long tp - like streamer -- just as Danny approach , peer at milo 's id tag . danny milo ? I be Danny . milo oh hi . he try to sluff the paper off he hand ; Danny hold out a cell phone . danny Gary would like to speak to you ? milo and teddy look at each other : right . but Danny look like he mean it . milo 's grin fade . he take the phone . milo ... hello ? gary ( on the phone ) milo ? Gary boyd . I be hope you and you friend can come up here . we have make some amazing stride in digital convergence . I would love to show they to you . milo you would ? wow . when would we come ? ( he wait ; he look up ) ' think he hang up . Danny hold out two plane ticket , in 1st class folder . int . university avenue diner ( palo alto ) - night Alice examine one of the ticket almost suspiciously . alice but how do he know that 's what you guy be work on ? Larry , teddy &amp ; Brian be at the table with Alice &amp ; milo . it 's a student hang - out , with loud music . milo all the company know . the faculty tell them . at the target school . larry in exchange for endowment . they should just drop the pretense and name the school after them . brian ( to teddy ) I can not believe you refuse a ticket ! teddy my parent be already freak - out I be stay here . 50 mile from Chinatown . brian well maybe if you tell them how much money you would be make -- ( to milo ) you be go up there . right ? larry I think you should go . milo ( amaze ) you do ? larry I mean , it 's you life . as Alice predict , milo be pleased by Larry 's remark . " empower . " Larry smile conspiratorially at Alice . int . milo &amp ; alice' apartment - middle of the night in a tidy , playfully decorate room , Alice stir in bed , see the space next to she be vacant . tiny room - continuous milo sit at a desk , think , agitate , in the dim light of a PC . he look up , see Alice in the doorway . milo I think I kind of lose it . I be just so thrilled to be talk to the richest , most powerful ... ' do not know I even care about that stuff . alice c'mon , how often do you talk to somebody who 's be on the cover of time . Three of four time . she pick she way through geek clutter ( motherboard , code manual , Coke can ) sit next to he . milo a lot of what Larry say be true . they just clone stuff , or reverse engineer it , and everybody get stick with they inferior version cause they -- alice then you have gotta ask he about that . he look at she : you have gotta be kid . alice it 's important . milo if he 's really a bully , he will not cop to it , anyway . alice bully ? be we talk about Gary boyd ? or you dad . he do not deny it : she see right through he . milo when I be a kid ? and he be move we all over the place ? I spend all my time write stuff on outpost 1.0 . I think Gary boyd be the great . alice but he 's not quite the same guy anymore . do not get you hope too high ? int . 737 - first CLASS cabin - day in the cabin , everybody type on a notebook but milo . he look out the window expectantly : at the Seattle skyline . int . sea - tac airport - gate 13 - day milo come off the plane . Danny and redmond greet he . int / ext . highway / car - day redmond drive he black Lexus 85 m.p.h . Danny lean forward from the backseat . danny ' could not convince teddy to come ? milo he 's pretty tight with he family . danny we could move them up here . milo he just like to write code . he 's bum there 's so much secrecy and competition , everybody try to own everything . redmond who do you mean by " everybody . " milo almost blushes . he make a awkward segue . milo so -- how far be we from the campus ? redmond oh we be not go to the campus . ext . gary boyd' compound - lake WASHINGTON - day Beyond a rocky beach , building be cunningly carve into a wood hillside . Glass wall be frame in rich wood . the main house be 28000 sq . ft . then there 's the guest house , pool building , reception hall , library ... ext . gatehouse - continuous redmond pull up . a discreet Guard in a Mr. Rogers cardigan recognize he . the gate swing open . ext . boyd house - day they pull up by a Lexus suv with a baby seat . another man in a cardigan stand in the open front door . milo who 's that ? danny I think they call he the " houseman . " ' Cause " guard " sound too weird . milo just sit there , eyeing the monumental residence . danny do not be nervous . the house be the weirdest thing about he . redmond it 's like he know everybody expect he to be this worldly , colorful zillionaire . but he 's just a guy who like software . int . boyd mansion - den - like room - day milo and the houseman cross a long room with a lake view . we hear music by satie . the craftsman furniture and lamp be custom - make . a cezanne hang on the wall . another den - like room with a view there 's a craftsman crib here , stuff animal , another cezanne . even the toy seem arrange . they enter a anteroom / conference room - continuous houseman have a seat . he will not be long . milo sit on a bench . he try not to look , but he childhood hero be partly visible through a glass panel in the door : Gary ( in a suit and tie ) have a open american face . but something go on behind he pleasant feature and self - possess mien : he desire ( or need ) to solve the problem at hand be so intense it make he appear vex -- even vulnerable . conference room - continuous as Gary concentrate , two outpost senior manager speak : phil tate , 40 ( bald ) ; and randy grime , 36 , ( gray eye ) . phil we try the big vaporware number , Gary , it 's no-sale . randy can we buy into they ipo ? or be that a justice dept. problem ? phil there be no public offer . the guy who write it join some freakazoid cult in San Luis obispo . ' wrote this just to run they web site . anteroom - continuous Gary speak with precise hand gesture : settling the matter . phil and Randy gather they papers , and stand . they exit , nodd at milo as they pass . then Gary come out . gary milo ? Excuse the tie . I be on tv . milo be a little dazzle as they shake hand : such a fam - iliar face , such a big figure in he young life . milo ... that 's okay . int . den - like room - moving now New Age music play . they move back through the same room , but the cezanne have be replace by a Hieronymus bosch ( body roiling in Hell ) . milo be -- puzzle . gary the house know the painting I like , it know my favorite music . same for anybody else who 's in the system . next room - still moving as they walk , milo watch a cezanne " original " digitally be - configure to a bosch , brushstroke and all . milo cool ! gary would you like a Coke or something ? milo ( too shy , too nervous ) oh. no thanks . he open a glass - door refrigerator , scan a shelf with row of snapples -- in alphabetical order . gary when we start , I just hire my smart friend . that be great . we get a little bigger , I have to hire smart stranger . much harder . he select a kiwi-raspberry , they walk on . gary now I do not get to hire anybody . but I know you be the guy to write skywire . int . gary workroom ( lake view ) - moment later they enter . a entire wall be take - up by a bosch triptych . as Gary cross to the other side of the room , milo stand by a table cover in art book -- hundred of they ( soutine , chinoiserie , Roy Lichtenstein ... ) milo you know a lot about art , I guess . gary there 's a rumor go around , maybe you have hear it . Gary head back , carry something spherical . gary there 's more to life than computer ? I be look into it . glancing down at the daunt display of book , Gary look vaguely afflict . he mutter : gary ' once I start look into something . look up now ( and much more at ease ) he hold up a shiny , detailed metal object : model satellite . gary I have only show this to three other people . I buy 200 , we have launch 12 so far . I keep the coordinate in this room . ( as milo take it , carefully ) it 's leave over from SDI . Reagan 's Star Wars technology ? they orbit 426 mile up . milo low enough to relay internet traffic . gary ( he smile : exactly ) among other thing ... we know convergence be the real super-highway : all the pc' , tv 's , phone , etc. link together . why cram it into a cable if you can use the whole sky ? milo ( turn the sleek object ) skywire . int . gary workroom - later milo and Gary peer at a monitor , side - by-side . milo sip he own snapple now . Gary speak he language . gary the content filer have t'be write into the media file so bit come off the satellite can be read by multiplorms . really , omniplatform . include whatever new hardware emerge . milo it need a more object-oriented language . this do not scale , do it ? gary you would have to start practically from scratch . but this be all you would be work on . no marketing meeting , no product seminar . we can not waste the time . half the Valley 's work on convergence . so be media conglomerate , cable company , phone company . ' can not finish second , milo . there be no second ... now what would you like to ask I ? milo have a deer - in- the-headlights look . milo ... ask you ? int . gary house - another room - dusk as they walk , milo chide himself for he reticence . Gary seem to read he mind . gary I know what people say , and not just the justice Department . we clone idea , inflict we second - rate version on the world , we have not do anything original since 1.0 . milo 's amaze by Gary 's acuity . and he candor . gary do I think that 's fair ? no. I would put some of we apps up against anybody 's . but be there some truth to it ? they have come to a stop in a window entryway . milo watch Gary keenly . Gary nod . he knit he brow . gary when you get to a certain age , you start wonder . about you legacy . I doubt you even remember outpost 1.0 -- milo I do ! gary ( pleased ) yeah ? I wanna feel like I do when I write that . but I be 42 , that 's 100 in cyber - year . I look at you and see the thing that get I here . ( the furrow deepen ) but somehow get away . ext . cupertino hill ( silicon valley ) - night a block of floodlit " tract mansion , " Taco Bell palace of the Valley 's newly rich . milo &amp ; Alice cross a vacant lot to where the light twinkle below . they ' 89 Honda Civic be park nearby . milo be excited . milo if my dad would levele with I like that even once ... the weird thing be , my fantasy he could somehow be like the old Gary ? it 's he fantasy , too . alice I think that 's great , milo . I do . milo ... but ? alice do not you visit the campus ? milo I forget . that 's why you have to help I decide . alice no way . you have this -- destiny . milo c'mon , I would not have a destiny without you . my destiny would be die at 20 . from eat -- alice do not bring that up . like a different girlfriend would would have let you die ? milo ( shrug ) you save my life in alot of way . he 's sweet . she kiss he . he hold onto she . alice it 's not just Gary that make you wanna go there ? ' Cause it 's a big place . you might not even see he again . he would hate to think that 's true . but he manage a smile . milo I know . ext . milo &amp ; alice' apartment - day the Honda be load with luggage and box , some of which be tie to the roof . milo &amp ; Alice stow a final piece . milo when 's Brian come for the tv ? alice prob 'ly wait by the phone for outpost to call . we will leave it for he ? as they head back in , they see a Toyota park at the curb . alice ' give you guy some time alone . she continue inside . he wait , watch teddy cross the sidewalk to join he . milo ... you get my e-mail ? teddy and you phone message . you wanna do what you do , it 's not a crime . milo be that how Larry feel ? teddy uh. not exactly . a brown buick park behind teddy 's car . as they speak , a rumple , 50ish man in a off - the-rack suit get out . milo want to say goodbye to he ... teddy hey , we get seed money for the startup ! a million - five ! milo grin , he high - fives teddy . teddy we rent a loft in sunnyvale . ( he give milo the number ) you know what 's the bad part ? we can not talk about work anymore . we be competitor ! the venture capitalist make we sign like 100 confidentiality form . milo outpost make I sign 1,000 . ' guess we will find out what else we have to talk about . life stuff . they embrace . it 's awkward , but it 's heartfelt . int . milo &amp ; alice' apartment - a moment later milo enter , read teddy 's phone number . milo guess what ? they get they -- the rumple man sit on a radiator , watch CNN on a tv , the last remain piece of furniture . Alice enter , hold a jam jar fill water , hand milo a business card . alice milo , this be Mr. Barton from the justice Department . ( give Barton the water ) sorry about the glass . milo read the card : lyle Barton , asst. prosecutor , DOJ , Seattle branch Office . milo 's a little spook . barton do not worry , milo . I be here as a friend . or maybe a supplicant . milo right ... what 's that mean again ? barton beggar . we be at a disadvantage with outpost . we expert be not as smart as theirs . sometimes we can not tell which technology pose the threat of a monopoly . we need a really smart guy to help we pick we fight . I be take a shot in the dark , here . I can offer you 32,000 a year , a buick . I be hope you have get a feel it 's the right thing to do . milo ( fiddling with the card ) it 's just -- I kind of feel the need to do something with my ability . create something ... barton like I say : shot in the dark . milo try to give back the card . barton if you see something there that rub you the wrong way ? do the right thing . and he go . milo that take some fun out of -- alice we be not gonna let it . she kiss he . they head out . we linger . on tv a graphic say : san luis obispo , CA : Mass suicide - live . emergency Medical personnel roll gurney with body out of a new Mediterranean mansion . footage show body ( include a few child ) on bunkbed , uniformly shod in black nike . CNN voice -- ingest the fatal mixture of sedative crush in apple sauce . accord to the cult 's eerily professional website , it be " time to move on ... " ext . outpost corporate campus - day crane past identical , low , steel &amp ; glass building , amid the vast lawn &amp ; fir tree ... past a building under construction ... to find redmond 's Lexus , cruise . int . / ext . redmond car / campus - continuous milo look out the window , redmond give the tour : redmond there be 20 building , I mean not count the gym , the Day Care , etc . the Day Care be a Michael grave -look building with a big cartoon - dog sculpture on its roof , ear cocked to the sky . a teacher lead she little charge inside . redmond Gary 's put million in there . and the people with kid ? they be not hotshot geek , they be just payroll clerk or whatever . two Men in suit , with briefcase , ( conspicuous amid the geek in jeans and t-shirt ) enter Building # 19 . redmond you will see alot of that : Department of justice goons snooping around . the car pull into a lot full of miatas , BMW 's , boxter . close on - the outpost logo then tilt up to show : ext . build 20 quad - day the logo be of inlaid stone . redmond &amp ; milo walk over it . milo carry a box with some personal effect , include a small painting . redmond wear a photo i.d. tag . redmond so how would you like the house ? milo his snapples be in alphabetical order . redmond ( he laugh ) well , he micro-managed the company till it get too big ... ( he open the door ) ' guess he need to micro-manage something . int . bldg . 20 lobby - continuous at the desk , a receptionist look up , stand to hang a temporary id pass around milo 's neck . receptionist milo , I be judith . welcome ! milo smile . redmond use he magnetic swipe card on a inner door ( a security cam be at every door ) ; he hold the door open for milo . int . hallway - continuous they walk up a long carpete hallway , past open office where geek ( mostly male under 30 ) sit at workstation . redmond everybody have the same office , there 's no dumbass corporate hierarchy . they pass a room in which geek play video game . just outside it , a chubby programmer , desi , sip a diet Coke . desi get out while you can , dude ! redmond desi , milo . desi the guy who be at Gary 's house ? he bow deep , with mock-obeisance . milo blushes , redmond laugh , he snag milo 's elbow . they walk again , pass a service hall with a Civil Defense sign . redmond best bomb shelter in America , accessible from every building . you gotta figure we be a major target , right ? another hallway - a moment later up the hall , a young woman ( lisa ) be about to go into she office . she pause half a second , look at milo , go in . she 's beautiful . redmond whoa . Lisa actually look at you . as they pass she office , they look in : she 's already at she workstation , studiously avoid they gaze . redmond every geek here 's get a thing for Lisa . but that 's about the biggest reaction she 's have to anybody . milo ( shy , change the emphasis ) she 's a programmer ? redmond heavy graphical background , do design - interface for skywire apps . ( he all but wink ) you will be work with she . milo I have get a girlfriend , remember ? redmond right . that 's rare around here . you know how nun ' re-marry to Jesus ? ' posty be marry to outpost . int . milo' office - moment later a handsome , modest office like all the other : workstation , whiteboard , window . they enter . redmond here 's you world . ( point at the desk ) copy of Gary 's book , also the audio version , narrate by Gary . milo put down he box , pick up the book : the next highway ( Gary by a highway on its cover ) . as we look at it : voice ( shrot ) the card 's encode . tell we who come through the door and when . int . office of physical security - later in a office with a bank of monitor that play feed from security camera , bob shrot , 40 , head of physical Security , issue milo he swipe card . redmond watch . shrot unauthorize entry sound like this . he drag the card through a sample slot , produce a unbelievably loud , pierce eeeeeeee . he shout over it : shrot if you see a tailgater , report he . milo tailgater ? shrot ( kill the alarm ) somebody come in on you swipe . ( give milo a photo id ) you see somebody wander around without id , it 's you duty to challenge he . I do not give a shit if you be a stock -option billionaire . if you do not challenge , I will have you butt . int . hallway - later milo he seem a little -- tense . redmond geek pull he chain cause he 's non - tech . ex - cop or something . they moon camera , or use ATM 's as swipe card . the cameras're we real security so he 's a little demoralize . ext . build 20 / parking lot - day as they walk , milo watch two hardhat roll a spool of fiber - optic cable into the building under construction . milo what be they building ? redmond # 21 . Way behind schedule . it 's top - secret , but everybody know it 's a digital broadcast space . they see the dish on top , the fiber optic go in . milo Gary 's not into fiber optic . he 's betting everything on the satellite . redmond you wanna survive in the software business , you cover you bet ... I gotta say , this be the weirdest car anybody ever request . they approach a 1990 deux chevaux , cheap but charming . redmond oh , right . you girlfriend 's a artist . int . bldg . 20 cafeteria - day blond wood , smoke glass -- a room as sleek as the geek who lunch here be nerdy . milo and redmond push trays . redmond I phone she at you hotel , tell she about we corporate housing option . she sound neat . Lisa 's at a table , look at milo . when they eye meet , she busy herself , place the plate back on she tray . milo ... she be . ( turn away from Lisa ) she be ! Lisa pass behind they , smile fleetingly at milo . at a table , Randy and phil note the " interaction . " meantime : redmond ' might be some friction on the domestic front . you be expect you to put in ridiculous hour . people have accuse we of break up relationship to get they undivide attention . he laugh . int . bldg . 20 hallway - continuous Lisa move swiftly up the hall . she look up it and down it ( make sure no one 's look ) before ducking into milo' office - continuous she go to the box on milo 's desk ( he personal effect ) -- start root through it . int . cafeteria - later redmond and milo have eat ; redmond stack they plate . redmond you counselor will fill you in on everything else . that 's who you will be work with almost daily . int . milo' office - later milo have feed the old skywire disk into he machine . he read a complicated screen . voice busy ? milo look up . it 's Gary . milo be thrilled . milo no ! just wait for my counselor to come by and introduce himself . gary okay . I be Gary . milo 's smile deepen . Gary notice the small painting ( by Alice ) hang on the wall . he stare at it . gary ' think I should buy some original ? milo ... do I ? gary somebody say I be just another philistine . with reproduction . milo that 's insane . you be ahead of you time . gary that 's what I tell she . my wife . milo color as Gary drag a second chair in front of the screen ; do not realize he be contradict Mrs. boyd . gary ' thinks I will be less of a control freak if I have a hobby . ' just give I something else to obsess about ... milo smile as Gary sit down , study the screen . gary anything we can salvage from the old code before you start fresh ? milo can not quite get over : Gary 's he counselor . milo uh , might be one or two thing . dissolve to : ext . quad - outside milo' office - later two awe -struck geek see Gary through the window . geek 1 he 's be in there like a hour . geek 2 shit. int . milo' office - continuous milo scroll the screen : milo could work with a new switch . there may be a few more thing hide . gary do not spend too much time search . you ever vetted somebody 's old code before ? ( when milo shake he head ) it 's a different skill . stay close to the surface . the best-hid secret be in plain sight . you know the best place to hide a leaf , right ? ( when milo shake he head ) in a tree . int . empty house - evening we be in a old ( empty ) craftsman house . through a front window , we see Alice lead milo up a path . as they enter : alice ... the corporate condo be as romantic as they sound . milo 's grin as he take in the house . the bedroom - moment later window give onto a garden with a small studio . milo 's still beam , Alice be pleased . till he say : milo you know he 's never be anybody 's counselor before ? alice milo ! what about --? she gesture at what she hope will be they home . milo oh , it 's great . it 's great ! ( they start to kiss , but : ) ' think I should tell he I learn everything use 1.0 ? maybe I could show he one of my early program . she pull he back into the kiss . montage w/ music 1 . ) milo type intently in he office . 2 . ) gary sit with milo at he desk , discuss code . Pan to the window ; we see a different pair of awed geek . 3 . ) milo &amp ; Alice read in bed . he 's read Gary 's book . 4 . ) milo show gary one of he early program , write on 1.0. : it 's simple - look , with some childish write scrawle on it . Gary seem touch . int . outpost conference room - day two DOJ agent depose Gary . ( a video - cam record he answer . ) two outpost lawyer sit next to he . one of the Agents be read from a document : DOJ agent " infotek 's urgent need to license outpost Office be such that we can use it as a tool in the current negotiation . " ( look up ) when you write the word " tool , " what would you mean by it ? Gary study he copy of the e-mail . he look vex . gary I do not remember . DOJ agent what d' you think you mean by it ? gary I be confuse . be I suppose to speculate under oath ? the agent shift in he seat . we get a idea of Gary 's negotiate skill ( make the other party look unreasonable , while offer nothing ) . other agent since you do not have a answer to that question , Mr. boyd -- gary ( " confuse " again ) do not I ? have a answer ? " I do not remember . " the Agents confer . Gary see phil , loom outside the open door . one of the Agents see he , too . he do not try to hide he annoyance : DOJ agent do you wanna take a break , Mr. boyd ? int . a office - a moment later Gary take a manila envelope from phil , open it . phil you protege 's move so fast we can barely keep up with he . Gary read the page from the envelope : computer code . gary this be good . who do it ? phil ' start - up not 50 mile from here . kid 's on prozac . gary maybe we should all get on it . int . milo' office - day milo stare at he screen , frustrated . Gary enter . gary how 's it go ? milo maybe I be go too fast . gary ( sharply ; incredulous ) too fast ? at least four company be on the verge of workable convergence system , milo , they -- catch himself , Gary trail off . he sit down , exhales . gary even when I have a hand in every aspect of the company I know the one thing you can never control be somebody 's creative process . Gary seem sincerely contrite . ( he need not be : milo just want to please he . besides : milo see he would like to stop obsess about convergence , to be a " worldly zillionaire , " engross in he hobby ; but , after all , what could be more engross than skywire ? ) milo it 's okay . really . gary ( reach into he pocket ) take a look at this . slightly different approach . reading the page Gary get from phil , milo knit he brow . milo you do this -- overnight ? gary you be make I young again . int . lisa' apartment - night pan off a tv , where local news footage show a mangle , smoking BMW , post - wreck , on a lonely nocturnal highway . news voice ... a graduate of MIT , he be on the antidepressant prozac , and have be warn not to drink and drive . ( etc . ) Lisa watch the news report , knowingly . int . build 20 hallway - day Lisa head up the hall , carry a cd-rom . int . milo' office - day milo 's type . lisa milo ? he look . he stand . milo Lisa . lisa you know my name . milo you know mine . lisa you be famous around here . milo ( wince ) I be get a teacher 's pet rep . lisa I would not worry about it . you have gotta figure most people around here be they teacher ' pet . milo ... be you ? lisa we move around so much I barely know my teacher . milo I too ! be you a Army brat or something ? lisa ... something like that . yeah . milo do not mean to pry . I just have this theory . some of we who get to good at this ? we be -- escape something . this seem to jolt she . she pale a little . what a mysterious girl . but this only add to she allure . milo do I say something ? lisa no , I know what you mean . I use to spend my life wishing people could be like computer . least they make sense . sometimes you think they have betrayed you . like a person would . but then you see , no , you just miss a step . you can go back and make it all work . this strike a deep chord with milo , all of it . milo I use to wish that . all the time . they be look at each other : he get self - conscious . milo ( be : the cd-rom ) what have you get there ? lisa graphical interface . for skywire ? I be s'pose to coordinate with you . milo show I . they sit . as she insert the disk , he find himself look at she . on the screen , the frontier outpost we know as the logo appear . it 's strike by a bolt from the sky . the outpost come alive with light , music , movie-image through its window , a ringing phone . finally , the word skywire burn into it . it 's neat , she 's really good . milo cool ! lisa yeah ? I run it for lot of platform , range from the narrowest bandwidth to -- simultaneously , they reach for the mouse . they hand touch . they look at each other . something happen . milo ... sh - show I the next one . she nod , manipulate the mouse . he stare at the screen strenuously , fight the impulse to stare at Lisa . int . anteroom - gary office Gary 's secretary type as milo enter . she smile at he . secretary have a seat . he 's with someone , but I know he want to see you . int . gary office - continuous Gary 's face be red . the two lawyer who sit in on he deposition be with he again . lawyer because we bundle it , the judge be threaten to enjoin the whole -- gary I be confuse , Ted . Gary have use the phrase before , but the pretense of ingenuousness be go ; it 's witheringly condescending . gary do not you tell I they would be chapter 12 by the time they could hope to enjoin ? I be very confuse , because you say they would be ready to settle . anteroom - continuous milo hear Gary yell behind the close door . it 's indecipherable , but we discern a enraged " bullshit ! " milo flip through a copy of wire , try to ignore it . the lawyer come out , pass swiftly , rather grimly . secretary go on in . ( when milo look dubious ) he 's always happy to see you . int . gary office - a moment later agitate , Gary rather compulsively line - up the papers , pen , etc. on he desk ; he barely hear the knock at the open doorframe . gary milo . what 's up ? milo well -- you send for I . gary right ... right . still distract , he find a page of code on he desk , give it to milo . once again , milo marvel . milo you really write this just today ? gary ( dark , unsmile ) what be you imply . milo ( take aback ) nothing ! they eye be lock . Gary blink , sag into he chair . gary everything I do be under scrutiny . the question they ask , try to make anything strategic look sordid . ( knit he brow ) I be confuse . do not everybody in business try to get ahead ? milo ( uncomfortable ) I be sure . gary the purpose of this company be not to destroy we competitor any more than the purpose of live be to breath . but the software business be binary : you be a zero or a one . be obsessive be not a crime . it 's a character trait . milo just want to get out . he study the code to hide he discomfort . Gary watch he . gary it scale , do not you think ? milo definitely . he smile . for the first time it look force . int . seattle restaurant - night a youthfully upscale place , a convert red-brick warehouse . Alice look great . the waiter pour wine . alice this feel fairly grow up , I would say . milo smile ( again it look force ) raise he glass . milo to we new life . ( she 's look at he ) ... what 's wrong ? alice that 's what I need to ask you . ( when he say nothing ) you know you can not keep anything from I . milo he give I some new code- fix this morning . I say , " do you really do this just today ? " Cause I be impressed . he say " what be you imply ? " she just look at he . he grow a little defensive : milo it 's the way he say it . just the way my dad do , when he be catch in a lie . that 's how you know you be onto something ugly . alice ( just confuse ) what would it mean , anyway ? if he do not write it ? milo that 's what I be ask myself . do he have some genius stow away ? why not let he write skywire . ( upset ) ' not say it make sense . a busboy leave a basket of roll . glum , preoccupy , milo take one without look , bring it to he lip -- alice milo ! he look at Alice , look at the roll , blanch . milo I be so stupid . he throw the roll back into the basket . alice he 's you boss . he 's not you -- milo ( he 's nodd ) I know , I know . alice if you can not deal with he on that basis , you better get a new counselor . milo ( the very idea hurt ) be not that -- extreme ? alice what 's extreme be what that er doctor say when he pump you stomach . eat another sesame seed and that 's it . we see the roll : cover in seed . alice I mean , if one little comment from Gary be gonna upset you this much -- milo you be right . it 's -- a work relationship . do not know what I be expect . he smile . but he heart 's not in it . she hate to see he suffer . she pick up she glass . alice c'mon . let 's do the toast ? ext . terrace outside cafeteria - day milo sit alone , mark up page of code as he eat . he do not notice Lisa , stand with she tray . lisa do you wanna be alone ? milo no. please . he indicate she should sit . lisa they just push up the schedule on skywire apps . how fast be you go ? milo " there be no second place . " plus every time I get jamme - up , Gary have a inspiration . ( look at she , curious ) be it like that with you counselor ? lisa mine 's not the ceo . he barely remember to take a shower . milo right , right . but do he ever just , like , hand you code ? lisa maybe once . I re-wrote it , anyway . milo ( he smile ) you be compulsive . lisa mmm-more like -- I have a little trouble . trusting people . milo why 's that ? lisa Long story . not that interesting . she smile charmingly to cover whatever she 's feel . the more enigmatic she be , the more intrigue he be . ext . bldg . 20 quad - day milo and Lisa walk , eat ice cream out of paper cup with outpost logo . they laugh . we go nearer . milo so , when you be talk about wishing people be more like computer . be that then ? or now ? lisa then and now . ( when he look at she ) but not right now . she maintain eye contact . her meaning be clear . voice milo ! milo turn , see Brian ( Stanford classmate , outpost zealot ) give a envelope to a Guard at the door of # 20 ; he trot over to milo , who be as flustered as another guy might be have be find in bed with a girl . brian just drop off a resume . almost get in the front door . he look at Lisa , back to milo , wonder why he be not be introduce . milo you be live here ? brian ' think if I relocate it could help my case . I be write program for the local public access station . where any whack - job with 100 buck get he own show ? God , do it suck . ( give he a business card ) can you help I ? milo sure , I will see what I can do . see how flushed milo be , Brian think he must have blunder in on something . he start to back away . brian well I park illegally . see y'later ? milo ( watch Brian go ) ' forget to introduce you . ( a beat ) I have a girlfriend . lisa that 's great . I -- do not know . milo she save my life . ext . gas station - night the station be close . milo 's car be park , empty . milo ( o.s. ) how 's it go down there ? we find he , in a illuminate phone booth . teddy ( on the phone ) I have be hack for five night 's straight , I be really make headway . intercut with : int . teddy' loft ( sunnyvale ) - continuous a funky space , poster on the wall , a red Stanford pennant , rubber tree at either end of he desk . teddy but this , like , White supremacist trash my office , last week . milo what ?! on the wall beyond teddy the word gook ( in blood red ) have be cover over with paint but still bleed through . teddy they be in the neighborhood . they usually hassle vietnamese grocer . milo Jesus , teddy . teddy I be cool . they do not touch the machine . or my disk . probably do not know what they be . so , you a moonie yet ? ( he wait ) milo ? milo I meet this girl . teddy what ? come on . be it serious ? milo I do not know . teddy do you tell Alice ? milo no ! I keep think it will go away . but there 's this -- connection . she 's be hack since she be little , she have to move around a lot . plus I see she every day , we be work on the same program . she 's -- beautiful . teddy a beautiful geek ? I do not wanna sound paranoid , or like a pig , but what be the chance ? milo what d' you mean ? teddy I dunno . I guess Larry 's get I totally suspicious of that place . milo what do that mean ? teddy milo , geek do not have two girlfriend . most do not have one . milo I do not plan this . ext . build # 20 quad - day through a window , we watch milo traverse the quad . gary ( o.s. ) what would the girl say ? phil there may be a little less trust after you outburst . we be int . gary office - continuous Gary turn back inside , where phil read milo 's new code . phil have not affect he work , though . gary nothing do . still . I want he to like I . phil be confuse by Gary 's sincerity ; so be Gary . ext . build # 20 parking lot - evening desi and another geek watch in astonishment : Gary walk milo to he car , he arm circle over milo 's shoulder . he seem to be -- apologize . ext . / int . milo &amp ; alice' house - evening milo come eagerly up the path : can not wait to tell Alice what just happen . he enter -- pull up short . Alice be wait for he . she 's white . milo ... what 's wrong ? she do not know how to say it . milo what ! alice teddy be kill last night . milo what be you -- what ? alice it be a hate crime . milo be staggered . she move to he ... alice I be sorry . I be so sorry . he hang onto she , for support . ext . sunnyvale loft bldg . ( silicon valley ) - day establish the funky building , vestige of police tape on the door , a limo and many car park out front . int . loft - MAIN floor - continuous a mixture of teddy 's relative and Computer Friends have gather . in the bg , teddy 's dad weep volubly . int . teddy' workspace - continuous teddy 's brother , nelson , show milo the workspace : red Stanford pennant , rubber tree on the desk . milo , in a suit , peer at the paint - over epithet on the wall . nelson they trash he hard disk , all he back -up . nothing 's leave . milo they catch the guy ? Nelson show milo a San Jose mercury : mugshot of two skin- head Aryan Nations member in they 20' . nelson it 's a airtight case . they find the weapon with teddy 's blood on it and they fingerprint . they would be arrest twice for beat - up asian . how come they be not in jail ? milo unpin a picture of himself &amp ; teddy from a board . milo he tell I about the break - in . he do not seem to take it that seriously . nelson you guy do not take anything seriously do you ? that 's not on a hard drive ? milo be stung by this . Alice appear in the doorway . alice Nelson ? you mom want you . it 's time to go to scatter the ash . milo be pin the picture back up . the pushpin fall to the floor , he kneel to retrieve it . on the floorboard , he see a thin , shiny plastic filament . he pick it up . milo I do not know he be work with fiber optic . but when he look up , Nelson 's go . alice we gotta go too , honey . as he head out with Alice , he unthinkingly stuff the filament in he suit pocket . ext . bluff over the pacific - day a raw beautiful bluff . the sea stretch to infinity behind a smaller group of mourner . a lay minister intone the Lord 's prayer . ext . bluff - later milo approach Larry with trepidation . Larry nod , it 's okay . they hug each other . they walk slowly back toward the car . milo I know you lose all he work . maybe I could come down here and -- larry you be naive . look at you employment contract : you can not work anywhere else in this field for at least few year . ( he smile sadly ) not that I do not miss you . milo just think he work should go on . larry he be on the verge of something , too . he be gonna show we the next day . he say " the answer 's not in the box , it 's in the band . " know what it mean ? milo it 's only meaningful when you have get 40000 line of code to back it up . larry man , could he write code . totally elegant . he have he own style . milo that really weird , short line . they smile . for a moment , they have bring teddy back to life . Alice come up from behind , to fetch milo . larry take good care of this guy . ext . bldg . 20 - day arrive for work , milo see outpost flag at half mast . int . hallway - day as milo come up the hall , Lisa be stand there . we get the feel she 's be wait for he . lisa you okay ? he look at she , perhaps hearing teddy 's word ( " what be the chance ? " ) . he nod , move on . she watch he head up the hall . int . milo' office - day milo type . there be a rapping on the doorframe . Gary . gary I hear what happen . milo be the flag for teddy ? Gary nod . spontaneously milo stand , hug Gary . gary have you talk to he much lately ? milo just once . ' guess I be worried we do not have anything to talk about , since work be off-limit . non - disclosure . gary do you ? milo talk about work ? never ! gary I mean do you find other stuff to -- milo oh. yeah . gary you have be come in early . milo it help . Alice say it would help . to focus on something . ( a little guilty ) ' do not know what I would do without she . int . milo &amp ; alice' house - middle of the night milo sit on the couch , in dim light . Alice come in . alice you okay ? ( sit by he , hold he ) I miss he , too . dissolve to : ext . dine room terrace - day milo eat alone . through the window , he see Lisa inside . she 's eat alone , too . Gary come trot up . gary milo ? he be unclasp a manila envelope ; he take page out . milo wow . you must have 20,000 line of code there ... gary 34,000 . but they be real short line . ' just come out that way . see Gary 's code , milo knit he brow : it must be sort of like -- teddy 's . gary be think about the push mechanism in the handler . and it come over I : it 's in the wrong place . milo ( a uncertain smile ) the wrong place ? gary the answer 's not in the box . it 's in the band . milo 's smile freeze . as he stare at Gary , we zoom with a reverse dolly so that the background retreat queasily but Gary remain dominant in frame . for milo , it feel like the very ground be go out from under he . Gary continue to explain , point at line of code . and milo pretend to listen . but he can not even make out the word Gary speak -- he hear only a jumble of echoe . milo nod mechanically ; he want to scream . or run . he perceive , amid the echoe , that Gary be stand , smile , say " see you later . " and he 's go . milo touch the page , like some talisman of teddy . lisa ( o.s. ) milo ? you okay ? it strike he she always show up at this moment . he gather he wit before look up . milo gotta go home . ' think I eat something . int . / ext . milo' car / outpost parking lot - day pull out of the lot , milo seize the car phone . he hit home on the speed-dial . get a busy signal . ring off . he 's about to press re-dial when he see the outpost logo brand on the receiver . he throw it down like it 's contaminate . ext . milo &amp ; alice' house - day Middle -of- the -day sound : chirp bird , school child . milo pull to the curb at a bad angle . ext . int. / front door / foyer - day he fumble with he key . when he get inside : milo Alice ? Alice ! he move into the bedroom . he see she through the window , painting in the studio . ext . / int . back garden / studio - moment later he stand outside the studio . wait for she to look up . she do . she smile . then she see something 's wrong . he wait for she to come out here , where it 's safe to speak . ext . back garden - later he pace , agitate . she watch he . she 's skeptical , but do not want to appear unsympathetic . alice be you say you think they have something to do with he death ? Nelson say it be a airtight case . milo I do not know what I be say . maybe -- maybe they hire that guy . alice I can not see outpost put its reputation in the hand of people like that . milo I do not know ! I just know it be teddy 's code . all this idea fly in from everywhere . you know how he say " any kid work in he garage can put we out of business ? " it 's like they know what every kid 's do . alice they hack into people 's program ? milo nobody do work like this on -line . it 's in you PC , or in a mainframe . self -contain . they would have to be , like , watch people . physically . ( he freeze ) oh Jesus . int . bedroom - a moment later milo 's at the closet , rummage among the clothes hang there . Alice come up behind he . he find he suit jacket . he dig in one pocket , then another . he find the fiber optic strand ( from teddy 's floor ) . show it to she . milo ( almost silently ) it 's a camera . ext . back garden - again they have trooped back outside . she 's worried she 's indulge he paranoia . milo it be not a broadcast studio . it 's -- a surveillance post or something . that 's why they have the dish on top . alice you be scare I . I think we should just go . milo go where ? you can not get away from people like this . alice " like this ? " it 's Gary you be talk about . milo ( it really hurt ) you think I do not know that ? alice milo . why would he -- milo how should I know ? " solve a problem , " I guess . or need to control everything . I do not know . ( can not think about it ) I have gotta get in there . alice even if all this be true . there be 20 other building . all of they fill with computer and -- milo it 's the only one with dish on the roof . the studio 's a front . that 's why they keep postpone its open . ( muttere , obsessive ) ... gotta get in there . alice milo , you tell I that DOJ Agents be all over the place . how could they hope to hide a surveillance post ? ( as he mull this ) and how can you get in there , anyway ? with the camera and the swipe card -- milo I can not just walk away ! alice you can not just walk in , either . milo they stop the construction work at six or seven . the parking lot 's mostly clear by two or three in the morning . even the early geek do not get there before five . alice be it two ? or be it three ? have you ever really notice ? he know what she 's say : he 's unqualified for this , a space - cadet . she try to hold he . but he wriggle away . milo no ! I can not just keep my head in the sand . that 's how I get into this mess . he pace , he think . she watch he , worried . milo I know how to get in there . but you have gotta help I . alice ( scared , reluctant ) ... whaddo I do ? milo so you believe I ? she can not lie . she shake she head . alice just tell I what to do . begin montage : int . milo' office - night stand at he window , milo can see # 21 . worker in hardhat come out of it , carry lunchbox . milo hold a small write pad . he note the time . ext . suburban MAIN STREET - day ( continue montage ) Alice park in front of a drugstore . as she get out of the car , she look around uneasily . int . drugstore - ( continue montage ) Alice be at the counter , buy a wind - up alarm clock . int . milo' office - middle of the night ( cont . montage ) milo watch a car pull out of the parking lot , leave only one or two other . he write down the time . int . toystore - ( continue montage ) Alice be at the counter , among child and mother , purchase a chemistry set . int . milo' office - night ( continue montage ) he watch a security guard ( delbert ) go into # 21 on he round , note the time : 3:45 am . int . milo &amp ; alice be - studio - night ( continue montage ) Alice , wear dishwash glove , tie the alarm clock to a small tupperware container with copper wire . milo ( wear latex glove ) be at the sink , mixing chemical from the toy chemistry set . Alice approach with the container affix to the clock . as she hold it out milo pour the mixture into it . short fade : over black we hear tick . the screen lighten to show : int . supply closet ( build 20 ) milo 's alarm clock be set for 11:00 . it sit amid mop and clean product . int . bldg . 20 hallway - day milo stand in the open door of a refrigerator , as if search for a soda . he 's look up the hall , wait for someone . he consult he watch . 10:53 . milo come on . here come a guard ; he nod to milo as he pass . the Guard open a door with he card . milo rush through the door on the Guard 's swipe -- " tailgate . " guard Sir , you gotta use you own -- ( notice ) where 's you id ? milo cop a attitude . he 's not completely convincing . milo do you know who I be ? guard it 's my job , I gotta -- milo ( he 's get better ) the kind of stock option I be sit on ? int . physical security office - day Bob shrot , the ex-cop in charge of physical security , look up as the Guard escort milo into the room . int . supply closet - continuous the bomb explode . the blast be tiny but loud ( glass clean bottle ring ; plastic bottle moan ) . int . security office - continuous milo sit , watch shrot encode a new card for he , find he info on a terminal . on a monitor behind shrot , milo see programmers be ushere out of the building . shrot every geek have to try this once to show I how smart he be -- another guard rush in . another guard there be a explosion in a y-sector closet , we be evacuate the whole sector . shrot come to he foot , grab a holster ( with gun ) off a shelf . milo , look flummox , stand . shrot un-nh , can not wander around without id now . just park you ass in that chair . milo sit . shrot go out with the Guard . guard ( o.s. ) Whole place reek of fuckin ' ammonia . milo move quickly to the wall , read a chart with the Guards ' schedule , run he finger down it till he find the name of the Guard on the 3 am shift : delbert , ken . int . hallway - a few quick cut - continuous Guards open closet door , shine they flashlight . int . physical security office - continuous milo have move to shrot 's seat . he 's encode a fresh card with Ken delbert 's information . int . service hallway - continuous pan off the civil defense sign we find shrot stand at a closet , examine a piece of the alarm clock . int . physical security office - continuous milo be at work , bring up schematic screen , diagnose the system with he unique concentration . pan to the window , we see the evacuate programmers enjoy themselves on the lawn . it 's a rare , exciting event : they jump around , miming explosion . int . service hallway - continuous shrot and the Guard collect piece of the bomb out of the debris , put they in a tray . int . physical security office - continuous milo bring up the screen that control the # 21 camera . on the monitor , he see nothing very interesting : a hallway , a room under construction ... he pull down a menu . recording be highlight . he click playback . the image hardly change , but a Guard wander through . he type , the tape rewind ( the Guard move backwards ) . he find a neutral spot ( show a empty hallway ) , stop the tape . int . service hallway - continuous Gary , Randy &amp ; phil approach shrot ; Gary stare at he . randy what be it ? shrot not much . glorify cherry bomb . right by the civil defense sign ? some geek 's idea of irony . I be say we need a camera in this hall . randy there 's nothing in this hall . someone 's pull you chain , as usual . shrot ( think aloud ) unless it 's a diversion . milo 's in my office . he be tailgate , so I -- Gary explode , with incredulity . gary milo ? try to have a clue . try to think . Gary stride off . shrot feel unfairly malign . randy that kid 's the great white hope . shrot I could get it out of he . randy you be not listen . Randy and phil head up the hall . shrot watch they . even if he " intellectual superior " be convinced of milo 's innocence , he be not . he walk swiftly back toward he office . then he run . int . physical security office - continuous milo read a warning message . downloading playback stream to record cycle will cause bit overload . do you wish to proceed ? y/ N . he type y . the glitch freeze the tape ( we see it lock into place ) : it show the empty hallway . int . hallway - continuous they have let the programmers back in . they head up the hall as shrot head down it . he push past they gruffly . he know he 's enhance he neanderthal image ( they make crack ) but he 's more interested in obey he instinct . int . physical security office - continuous milo immobilize another camera in # 21 ... and another . int . hallway continuous shrot round the corner . his office be in view , now . int . physical security office - continuous milo , at the keyboard , close up window , one by one . int . security outer office - continuous shrot be back , he have only to round the corner to see milo . we assume he Pov as he do so : milo sit in the chair where shrot leave he . milo everything okay ? int . milo' office - night Pan off the clock ( 3:20 am ) to find milo at he desk , look at the clock with a certain dread . it 's time . ext . bldg . 20 quad - night milo walk the path between the two building , fiddling nervously with the dummy swipe card . hear footfalls behind he , he whirl : it 's a geek lope to he car . he smile . milo smile : wait , walk on . near # 21 , milo look around , make sure no one else be around . his Pov ( pan ) : a programmer work late , visible through a light window in # 20 ... the dog sculpture with cocked ear sit atop the Day Care , its quizzical expression seem to wonder what milo be up to ... the geek he just see racing by on foot now pull out of the parking lot in he James bond BMW ... milo arrive at the entrance . heart pound , he bring the card to the slot . will he trigger that awful alarm ? he slide the card , the door click . int . bldg . 21 - lobby - continuous he enter : concrete floor , unpaint wall , construction light . at the inner door he look up at the camera . CUT to : a monitor that show we where milo stand , minus milo . wide : int . security office - continuous a guard pack up he stuff , get ready to go home . the new guard , ken delbert enter . delbert how 's it goin ' ? guard ( shaking out he cup ) Big night . switch from tea to coffee . bring new meaning to my work . delbert yeah ? maybe I will start my round with # 21 tonight . guard you be a wild man . int . bldg . 21 - inner hallway - continuous milo move up a hall with unpaint wall , bare floor , unconnected wire . the only illumination be from construction light on the concrete floor . open door , he see : bare room . Wall plate ready to receive electrical equipment , bundle of wire hang out . in other word : the building be as advertise , so far . ext . build 20 - night delbert come out with he flashlight , head across the clean - sweep path that lead to # 21 . int . bldg . 21 - hallway - continuous milo near a set of double - door at the end of the hall . he hear a low ominous hum from within . convince he 's find something , he quicken he pace . he 's about to swipe he card when a beam of light bounce along the wall . he press himself into a alcove . through a chink in the unfinish wall he see : delbert come in the front door . his round consist of shine he torch up at the camera , make sure the red light be on . he walk right past milo ( who do not breath ) . delbert swipe open the double door , lean in : the hum get louder . on milo : press himself into the alcove . delbert turn around , head back down the hall ... exit the building . milo wait a beat before head to the end of the hall . use the card , he enter a big space a studio- to - be , architectural touch like soffit frame in but not plaster - board . the portentous hum come from around a corner . he approach , convinced the answer lie here . clear the wall he see : a squat emergency generator sit on the floor , power construction light . something you would buy at sear . ext . # 21 entrance/a moment later - ( binocular shot ) through infra-re binocular we see milo come out , look leave and right , to make sure he have not be observe . voice ( randy ) well . now he know : nothin ' in there . we be int . phil be office - bldg . 20 - continuous Randy turn back into the room , where phil be sifting through papers spread over a coffee table . randy maybe he will get back to work . phil speak of which ... randy yeah , yeah . Randy pull the blind shut , join phil . ext . quad - crane shot continuous from a high angle , we track milo , as he walk along the path to a bench . the camera pass briefly behind a dark object in the foreground ( dog sculpture ) as we track he . quad - tighter - continuous milo sag onto the bench . he stare out , perplex , suffer . then he knit he brow . he seem to be study -- the ground . or rather the shadow stretch out in front of he : the loom silhouette of the dog atop the Day Care . he stand up , turn around . reverse on : the whimsical canine . push toward it 's ear cocked to the sky ... then toward a single ear , frame by fur-brown concrete , but with a smooth , concave inner surface of enamelle metal : satellite dish . milo ( mutter ) ... in a tree ... ext . day care CENTER - a moment later at the entrance , milo apply the swipe-card . int . day care CENTER - continuous he step in on colorful carpete , amid ball &amp ; tricycle . kid 's artwork hang on the wall . he move through this room , into the computer room 20 screen glow . they hang suspend over a wide , ringed table , a chair at each keyboard . indeed , Gary have spare no expense for the toddler : they be flat , sleek , digital screen . at the moment , they show colorful , childish contour drawing that say where I wanna work ( e.g. : a spaceship ) . there be a dozen more screen on table at the perimeter of the room show screensaver ( eg : angelfish swim ) . milo move slowly around the table , study the screen . not surprisingly , most of the where I wanna work drawing be of desk or table with computer . track just ahead of milo , we get to a screen that show a workstation with a red pennant on the wall , a rubber plant at each end of a desk . even in contour form it 's -- familiar . milo pass it . and come back to it . stare at it , he sit . he begin type . [ the draw still occupy the screen , but in a window he 's bring up at the bottom , there be dense , dos - look code . ] he type furiously -- number , symbol , backslash . whatever he 's try to do be a challenge even to he . he delete line , begin anew , he frustration evident . as he work through the layer of code , the pixel on the screen start to fill in . the contour line slowly dissolve into a live broadcast image of teddy 's workstation in sunnyvale ( eerily empty , now ) . when all the pixel have fall into place , milo hear click click click click click from every direction , as all the screen in the room fill in with live broadcast image . all of they show variation on a theme : a workstation see by a camera over - the-shoulder of a programmer ( if he be present ) . the station be of various shape and size , but in each case we have a unobstructed view of screen &amp ; keyboard . at this hour , few programmer be present . one guy have fall asleep , he head on a desk . a japanese geek be hard at work : it 's day there . int . phil be office - continuous phil and Randy work at the coffee table . phil do you download Corey ? in San Jose ? randy damn . ' have to go back over there . ( he stand , stretch ) be so much easier if we could walk in the front door . phil you do not look anything like a three - year - old . int . day care - computer room - continuous milo work the keyboard . again , the code get dense and obscure as he go deeper . he succeed in call - up a graphical interface . among the menus he can choose from be : target school , PD upload , rx upload . he click target school , a menu shoot down ( Berkeley , Cal tech , etc . ) . he click Stanford , then Chin , teddy . two window open . in one , there be a video stream of teddy win a award in the Gate 's bldg . in the other , upload police video stencile sunnyvale PD ) of the White supremacist whose mug - shot we see in the San Jose mercury ; they be be interrogate . in the first window , teddy 's image dissolves into a handheld crime - scene video ( mark sv - PD ) of a ransacke grocery store . " die gook ! " be paint on a wall . milo look confuse : some " narrative " be unfold , but it remain obscure without audio . he type some more . in the bottom window , he bring up convolute text regard the audio . about the only phrase we can understand be : " audio block on " and " hardware requirement : magnetic filter type pbx -r17 . " his eye cast about the room for some suitable hardware substitute . he dig in he shirt pocket . he take out he swipe card , study it . he cast about some more , till he see some kid ' safety scissors in a jar . int . build 20 - service hall - continuous Randy whistle as he head up the hall . arrive at the door with the Civil Defense sticker , he swipe he card . int . day care computer room - continuous on-screen , long -len footage show a low building ; the Aryan Nations suspect come out of it . a still photo appear in the 2nd window : a steel hasp . milo 's eye be narrow : what be I see ? meantime , he be reach under the table where he have remove a plate from the mainframe terminal , expose hardware within . he have trim the swipe card to size and be wedge its magnetic strip into a metal slot . he wiggle the card . we hear a eerie fibrillation , which flatten into the voice of a serene , eminently sane female : multimedia narrator -- run this methamphetamine lab know to Federal authority , per nd 47 , from which we remove the implement , fingerprint intact . crime-scene video stream in now stencile FBI by the time / date ) . a handheld camera pan a blood -spatter wall then show a mutilate asian murder victim . ( all of this footage be make even eerier by the jerky glitches always present in stream video , and its sinister graininess . ) multimedia narrator FBI footage , procure by nd 47 , show the aftermath of a Aryan Nations ' kill in Denver . note the evidence of torture , which be typical . milo pale as he realize he be watch a primer on how racial killing be do . he hear a creak noise behind he , and whirl . it 's the classroom hamster , on he wheel . int . stairwell / bomb shelter - continuous still whistling , Randy descend some metal stair , enter a vast bomb shelter ( can food , etc . ) int . day care - computer room - continuous milo have tapped into he own file : footage of he lecture at Stanford ( as a RA ) , point to a whiteboard . multimedia narrator -- complete immersion in code-write render he both unobservant and suggestible [ click ] . on two occasion he go truant from class to attend comix convention . the audio crackle and drop out again . milo 's eye narrow : he see video of Alice , sit on a fold chair , speak to someone . she have a harder look , pull on a marlboro . what 's he see ? he wiggle the jerry -rigged hardware almost urgently , till the narration crackle back on : multimedia narrator -- Rebecca p , a Connecticut art stu - dent face Federal drug charge , whose record be supply to we by n.d. 47 . he hear she voice under the narration , answer a unseen interrogator ( sound like phil ) . it 's a job interview . milo subtly , unconsciously shake he head , as if to deny what he eye see . the narration begin to fibrillate , again : multimedia narrator ( o.s. ) armed with he personal file , she be easily able to ingratiate herself with the socially maladroit milo -- the audio drop out as milo see upload medical file and er photo of himself mark stanford medical CENTER : he 's waxen , bloat , gasp for breath . with a certain dread , milo jam the card in deeper : multimedia narrator ... she plant the sesame seed both to test the extent of he proclivity and to provide a bond experience , since she would quote " save he life . " milo be devastate , disbely . now he see real - time er footage : a allergy victim , bloat , twitching , gasp , die ... multimedia narrator -- should it be need milo 's allergy be the ideal -- the audio crackle out . but milo do not have the heart to bring it back : he can fill in the rest . int . underground tunnel - continuous Randy traverse a well - light tunnel . still whistling . int . computer room - day care CENTER - night numb now , milo click randomly : crime footage , personal record , animation -- it all fly by with Chuck worman - like speed . multimedia narrator note that the cult member be find recline after swallow the [ click ] syringe mark best hide at base of scrotum [ click ] mimic high blood alcohol [ click ] indistinguishable from kidney failure . milo close he eye , lean back : overwhelm . suddenly he sit forward , whisper almost fervently as he type : milo please do not be one of they . int . day - care - underground room - continuous camera move slowly through stack of pre-school supplies , toward a window door at the back of the room . randy appear in the window , light ominously from below . he apply he swipe card . int . computer room - continuous milo watch footage of Lisa take by surveillance cam - era : she be outside # 21 , try to peek in the door . multimedia narrator ... need to be watch , due to she heighten level of suspicion -- in one window , footage of Lisa case the hallway before go into milo 's office ; in another , footage of she eat lunch with milo . multimedia narrator -- and to she possible contagion of key employee . milo click . a man 's pair of mug shot appear . in the other window , a grade - school yearbook photo of Lisa . multimedia narrator in August ' 86 Lisa inform she mother of the sexual molestation by she stepfather , and of he threat to kill she should she tell anyone . milo watch stream local news footage of a man be take from a courtroom in shackle ( jerky , grainy ) . he 's lose the audio , but do not need it , anymore . int . day - care stairwell Randy climb up to the main floor ... whistling . int . computer room - day care - continuous milo watch eerie crime - scene footage : a girl with she throat slashed . but then , hearing nearly - distant whistling , he click on window furiously : close they . int . day care back room - continuous Randy round a corner . he enter the computer room - continuous the screen show the child 's contour image , again . where 's milo ? Randy take a seat at the same console milo be at , and begin to type . camera boom slowly down beneath table - level to find : milo hang onto the underside of the table , knuckle white , as he cling to metal table brace . the toe of he sneaker be jamme into the space between a black plastic data tower and the table bottom . Randy shift in he seat , he knee rise toward milo 's back . milo arch it , avoid a knee by mere millimeter . randy : bring up a shot of a programmer at work , zoom in on he screen to begin collect he code . milo : begin to lose he grip as sweat form on he brow and , worse , on he hand . they be give way . randy : click . a printer across the room start make a hard - copy of the purloin code . milo : stare in horror as the data tower he toe be jamme on top of start to shift -- threaten to disengage from its port . he try to lift it back up with heel of he shoe . randy : knit he brow as he screen flicker . he keep type , but start to lower he head : he 's go to look under the table . milo : wince as he press the tower upward with he heel , while try to maintain he balance ... randy : lowering he head , keep he eye on the screen , hit key . just as he be about to clear the level of the table -- the screen re-illumine . he come back up . milo : have extend he leg to support the tower , feel he hand slip ... randy : close up the window ... milo : flop to the carpet ( ! ) just as -- randy push away from the table ... from the floor milo watch he walk over to the printer , collect he hardcopy , and disappear from view . milo listen : the door click shut , the whistling recede . back room - a moment later milo trace Randy 's step . he see the door with the Civil Defense sticker , intuit how Randy get here , i.e , how one move , unobserve , between the Day Care and # 20 . he sag against the wall . wonder what to do , now . ext . / int . milo' car / STREET - dawn milo sit in he idling car , stare at he own house , up the street . how can he go in there ? he put the car in gear , do a U - turn . ext . department of justice - seattle - early morning the deux chevaux be park on the street outside a government building . not many people be around , yet . a janitor hose down the sidewalk . int . department of justice - reception area morning milo slide a business card across a reception desk . it 's the one the rumple prosecutor , lyle Barton , give he that day in palo Alto . milo ( o.s. ) he give I this . ' Said I should come see he if -- DOJ receptionist he 's not in yet . milo can I wait in he office ? DOJ receptionist it 's lock , dear . he look over he shoulder , then back again , frighten . milo please . DOJ receptionist wait in he outer office . int . barton' outer office - morning milo sit on a wooden bench , foot tapping . hear Barton 's voice , he come to he foot . Barton enter with a co-worker , hold a container of coffee , discuss the particular of a case . CO - worker do I make the call , or do you ? milo be relieved the second he see Barton 's kindly face . milo Mr. Barton , do you remember I ? barton ... it 's -- milo , be not it ? milo yes sir . I need to talk to you . barton give I two second with lacy here ? ( unlock he door ) go on in , I will not be a moment . milo enter as Barton finish up with he colleague . barton ( o.s. ) I will make the call , but I think you need to send a fax first ( etc . ) . int . barton' office - continuous milo pace . he survey frame diploma , commendation and photo on the wall . he take comfort in they solidity : picture of Barton 's teenage kid , Barton and wife at the Grand Canyon . there 's a college football photo , a young Barton with he team . milo study it , smile . move in on the photo , till we see the number on Barton 's Notre Dame football jersey : nd 47 . milo 's smile fade . it take a moment before he even hear Barton behind he . barton milo ? milo yeah . hi . thank you for see I . barton have a seat . as milo take the seat in front of the desk ( mind spin ) Barton move to he own chair . barton what seem to be the problem ? you look a little upset . milo I be . I be , sir . what 's he gonna say ? barton milo ? milo my friend , my best friend , teddy , be kill in silicon Valley . barton my goodness . milo it be racially motivate . he 's chinese . he be . and ... I know sometimes the FBI get involved with that . do not they ? barton if there 's a Civil rights violation . but generally we let the local police and da do they work first . milo I -- just wanna help bring this guy to justice . they be neo-nazis . barton let I look into it , see what 's be do . frankly , it 's not my area . milo ( he get up ) ' just do not know who else to talk to . barton ( circle a arm over milo ) and outpost ? you be happy there ? milo yes sir . int . milo &amp ; alice' house - morning Alice be on the phone in the front room . agitate , she puff on a pencil ( surrogate cigarette ) . we hear phil through the receiver : phil ( on the phone ) ' do not mention he be go to the justice Department ? alice no . intercut with : int . phil be office - continuous phil not like he , be it ? to do a thing like that without tell you . you be not lose you hold on he , be you ? alice he will tell I when he get home . phil that will be a test , will not it ? alice instead of busting my chop you should do something about that girl . Fire she . or something . phil Lisa 's a extremely valuable member of the skywire team . we have get we eye on she . you keep yours on milo . alice ( as she hang up ) prick . ext . milo &amp ; alice' house - morning milo come up the path . he pause as he near the door : he 's not sure he can pull this off . int . house - continuous as milo enter , Alice rush to meet he . alice it 's almost nine , I have be so worried ! ( she take he hand ) what do you see in there ? milo nothing . alice nothing ? she watch he as he collapse onto the couch . milo it 's what they say it be . a unfinish broadcast studio . you be right ... I just drive to Seattle and back . alice ... why ? milo remember lyle Barton ? she shake she head . milo the justice Department guy who come to the apartment when -- alice I remember . milo after I break into 21 -- which be insane , thank God they do not catch I ! -- I just drive around . try to figure out what possess I . you know what ? I have be put my own guilt on Gary . alice guilt ? milo ( quietly ) if I would stay down there , maybe this would not have happen . alice poor baby . you know that 's not true . she sit by he , touch she hand to he face tenderly . he close he eye for a moment , steel himself to she touch . then he force himself to cup he hand over hers . but he can not stand it . he get up , look out the window . milo I think , instead of indulge all this paranoid delusion , risk my job , alienate Gary , scare you , I should do something useful with my grief . help they find teddy 's killer . he do not see she smile : be that all . assume a appropriately concerned expression , she move toward he : alice I be so worried about you . she turn he around , kiss he . her eye be close . his remain open . he 's look at she . try to comprehend the treachery . she touch he , breathes heavily . she want more than kiss : to prove to herself how wrong phil be , she professional pride insulted . or perhaps it 's more personal than that , especially with Lisa as a potential rival . milo ( through they kiss ) ... be such a long night . but she do not stop . she moan as she press herself to he : want proof of he devotion . int . bedroom - later he 's on top of she in the moment just after . her eye be close . he stare at she -- glare at she -- with what we recognize as spend anger . alice that be -- different . milo ... different ? shit . she know . alice you do not feel it ? so intense . what 's clear be , she like it . a clap of thunder take we to : ext . pizza parlor - night it 's pour . milo stand outside , wear a slicker , look in the window at someone . int . pizza place - moment later Lisa read a paperback at a table , a slice of pizza on she plate , a umbrella hook to she chair . sense someone stand over she , she look up . she smile . lisa so you be not avoid I . milo sit across from she . he do not know where to start . lisa what 's wrong ? he look around , want to make sure no one 's listen . he speak very quietly . milo I snuck into # 21 . lisa why would you do a thing like -- milo you think about it too . you have be suspicious for a while . but it 's not happen in there . it 's happen in the Day Care . lisa the Day Care ? two Men with even feature enter the restaurant . one have a laptop case sling over he shoulder . milo can we go someplace else ? ext . CITY park - night they be in a bandshell . the rain fall heavily , drip off the eave . she hold the filament from teddy 's workspace . milo it 's easy to know who the smart geek be , the school tell them . they upload medical file , school record , pharmacy file . they would be happy just to steal code forever . but when a program get close to fruition . like teddy . he be almost there . lisa but why would they --? milo you know . there be no second place . and what 's the risk ? the killing be undetectable , they be hand - tailore , they make " sense . " I mean , they be in the information business . they have scenario for all of we , too . in case we find out too much . she 's peer at he . he read she mind . milo I be not one of they . not try to " suss you out . " she want to believe he . milo they kill my best friend ! I be live with somebody they pay to go to bed with I . can not you trust somebody just once ? I do not wanna be alone here . his plea be so ardent , he humanity so transparent . but she can not quite do it . lisa I be sorry , milo ... I be sorry . she smile sadly as she back away . milo ( forcefully ) I know why you be so secretive . why you will not let anybody near you . ( quieter ) I know what he do to you . lisa oh yeah ? she try to sound tough ; there be tear in she eye . lisa so that 's in my -- file ? he want to comfort she . he take a step toward she . she shake she head : no . lisa be that my -- scenario ? ( when he hesitates ) tell I . milo they would frame he . lisa ( horrify ) he 's out of prison ? milo ( he nod ) they be already watch you . if they have to , they would give he this drug that mimic a alcoholic blackout . he would wake up not even remember he " act of revenge . " she draw she hand to she face as the facade crack . she weep silently . he move to she , carefully , slowly , see she fear , she trauma . he touch she shoulder . she tense , try to back away . lisa no . but he hold on . milo nobody 's gonna hurt you . slowly , he wrap he arm around she . she remain tense for a moment , then yield , press she face into he shoulder . the rain drum on the bandshell . after a moment : lisa ... milo ? milo hmm ? lisa I always feel if a -- boy I like ever find out -- he would run . he would think I be unclean . milo no , no . never . she cling to he tightly , now , the wall of she mistrust breach after all the year of pain , secrecy , shame . a wide shot : they hold each other , alone in the storm . voice ( phil ) all he suspicion be allay ? int . library -like office - day Alice nod . she sit in front of leather - bound book . voice you be sure . she 's at Gary 's house . on the hot seat . phil and Randy watch she . Gary do , too , but deep in shadow , behind a desk , at a remove . rain fall heavily on the Lake . alice he say it make sense that Gary 's code be like teddy 's , that that clich about great mind be true . Said it be all about he own guilt . ( she shrug ) plus , he have a tendency to get Gary mix - up with he dad once in a while . it always pass . phil he be not act ? alice I do not think he know how . phil look convinced . Gary do not . ext . highway / gas station - morning from across the highway ( car with morning commuter whiz by ) we see milo pump gas at a self - serve ; Lisa fill - up in the next lane . ostensibly , they have run into each other on the way to work . they be smile , casual . only when we cut close do we see that they expression bear no connection to they word . lisa what about the FBI ? milo they have get this guy in the DOJ , maybe other . we tell the wrong person , it 's over . lisa who can we trust ? milo there 's always a logical answer -- you just have to define the question . she define it : lisa how do you let go of a secret without tell the wrong person . she pretend to need help lift she car hood : " a helpless female . " he come over to help she . milo we do not tell anybody . ( she 's puzzle ) we tell everybody . at once . so there 's no secret leave to protect . when everybody know , they do not dare touch we . int . physical security office - morning Bob shrot be on the phone . behind he , a nerdy security programmer , len dietz , be at the console that control the security camera ( the one milo futze with ) . shrot ( into the phone ) no , tony can not fill in for you , he 's not at you authorization level . scrol , Len knit he brow : he 's find something odd . len Bob ? you better look at this . ext . gas station - continuous milo check Lisa 's oil for she . milo do we post it on the Net ? lisa there be so many disinformation site about Gary already . where he have devil 's horn or they crop he in with Saddam Hussein . int . physical security office - continuous shrot stand over Len 's shoulder . shrot could it be a glitch ? something the construction worker cause ? len unlikely . all 14 camera be freeze . do we call Randy and phil ? tell them there may have be a break - in ? shrot not yet . ' Love to bust my ass cause I be not in frigging mensa . ( walk to the window ) I swear to God , it 's that kid milo , I tell them so in the first place , but they do not even wanna hear about it . ( turn to Len ) let 's run a printout on card entry . ext . gas station - continuous milo show Lisa the oil stick . she nod . lisa the mainstream media . tv , or a newsmagazine . milo right . but Gary 's tie - in to a lot of media conglomerate . have to be careful who we pick . lisa we could cross-reference a data base on media ownership . but not on we own computer . not even at home . milo certainly not at my happy home . he slam the hood . int . physical security office - day shrot and Len watch a laser printer , as it spit out line after line after line of swipe card entry ... match dissolve to : a laser printer spit out code . we be : int . milo' office - day milo watch new skywire code emerge from he printer . Gary be in the doorway behind he : watch milo , scrutin- izing he . sense someone , milo turn and look . milo Gary , hi . gary you look a little tired . milo I be okay . it 's go well ! gary ' have a look ? milo sure . Gary take the page . as he read it over : gary why do you move around so much ? when you be a kid . milo ... my dad be a compulsive gambler . only he do not think he be . that apply to guy who do not have a " system . " " loser , " who play game of chance . he could " read " people , so chance have nothing to do with it . no matter how deep a hole he dig himself , he would give you the whole speech . and you would better not point out the obvious . ( he shrug ) his creditor would catch up to he . loan shark or whatever . he would wake we in the middle of the night . off we would go , again . gary what would you tell the kid ? at you new school ? you have to come up with a good story , right ? milo think : he 's testing I . milo no . I just go deeper into the machine . preferred be the geek to have to explain . lying would have be worse . gary ... worse ? milo Cause he be a liar . and I hate he . ( mimick a voice ) " get you head out of that machine , wise up to the real world . " the more he mock I the deeper I go . Cause if be savvy mean be like he -- ( he shrug ) guess that 's why I be kind of clueless , even now . do not cultivate my connive side . ' not sure I even have one . gary do not be so hard on yourself . with a brain like yours , you could connive with the best of them I bet . Gary smile . there 's no way to read it . ext . public library - night establish the humble building , in a Park . int . library - night Lisa and milo sit together in front of a monitor . a kid do he homework on a computer at the next table . milo shake he head , as he scroll . milo he 's buy up pretty much everything : cable company , baby bell , picture library , museum rights , film archive ... get ready for skywire . lisa ( she 's think ) what about " 60 Minutes . " milo yeah , they dig stuff like this . ( he type , then read ) " CBS News have partner with outpost information system in a cable news network due to launch fall of 2001 . " lisa but still , you can not say CBS would not love to break something like -- milo ( he 's shaking he head ) say there 's just one " mole " work there , like Barton at the DOJ . how do we know he 's not the guy we have contact ? or she ? or the guy she work for ? at the next table , she notice a Lady read time . lisa time ? milo ( type , read ) time - Warner have a 40 per cent stake in Gary 's set - top device . that also take out CNN . ( scrolling &amp ; scrolling ) " GE join outpost in new venture , " which mean NBC be out . " Disney join outpost , " ABC be out . " outpost and newscorp in new deal , " Fox be out . any of this place could have a mole . or all of them . ( still scrolling ) it 's like a a continuous loop . we can go to some alternative press place that 1,000 people read , get they and we kill . but anything big enough for this be a parent of or a subsidiary to something Gary 's get a finger in ! homework kid shhh . milo sorry . lisa milo ? she 's think of something . he 's watch the nerdy kid , smile sadly , perhaps identify with he . lisa how close be you ? milo what ? lisa he 's get 12 satellite up . he 's get dish on top of 21 . he 's building this -- ( gesture at the screen ) mega - network for skywire . let 's use it . move in on milo as he think it over with a mixture of excitement and skepticism . ext . library / park - night milo and Lisa walk in the park outside the library , think it through . milo we can not just assume they be stand by to receive skywire 12 month from launch . I would have to write in a aglet . lisa a what ? milo it 's how on - line service push logo they wanna sell you . you do not ask for them , they just appear . ' have to work on it somewhere besides my office or my house . and then the quality of the broadcast would not exactly be digital , that 's 12 month away . lisa but they would still get the idea , right ? milo you would have to design a graphic interface to make the data pop . maybe some audio , too . to tie it all in to Gary . how long would that take you ? lisa it 's a standard gui . once I have get a concept , it 's maybe three day 's work . milo Gary know I be close on skywire . we have to do this fast . lisa before they kill somebody else , too . milo ( a new wrinkle ) oh , man . I would have to get into Gary 's house . to get the satellite position . lisa you mean -- break in ? milo I do not know -- lisa and what if the broadcast dish on top of 21 be not hot yet ? you say the place be not finish . the complication pile up . they walk . they think . lisa I will go look . ( when he look dubious ) they will just have a few more picture of I snooping around . they come to a fountain and balustrade at the edge of the park , stop walk . milo ( look at she ) why be you so careless ? lisa I think the worst they would do be fire I . who know they take termination so literally ? Gallows humor . what a game girl . he 's nut about she . milo why be you snooping in my office ? lisa oh. ( she get bashful ) I like you . I be check you out . he kiss she . there be no constraint now , there 's no " adulterous " guilt : they kiss with a passion defer . int . milo' office - night slow push - in on the phone on milo 's desk : it 's ringing . int . alice' studio - continuous Alice be call he . her face harden , she hang up . int . motel room - later as we pan the best western decor ( in semi-darkness ) : milo ( o.s. ) ' think everybody in this place be here the same reason we be ? lisa ( o.s. ) ' Cause they apartment might be bugge ? milo grin . he &amp ; Lisa lie in bed . milo I tell teddy about you . lisa what would he say ? milo " a beautiful geek ? what be the chance ? " she smile , rather bashfully . milo I feel guilty . ' Cause I " owed so much " to Alice . but even then I be start to wonder . be it so great to be so consume by this one thing that you let another person do you think for you ? if you have a lucrative skill , it 's all anybody want from you . you grow older but you do not grow up . you turn into -- into -- lisa Gary . it 's painful for he : lose a second father . milo Larry use to say how the guy who write the first cool operate system , like the UNIX guy at Berkeley ? they just give it away . they figure it be human knowledge , it belong to the world , like Shakespeare or aspirin . ' know what I be gonna do after we broadcast the incriminate stuff ? Air the skywire code . then nobody can have a monopoly . int . alice &amp ; milo' house - later Alice be in bed . in the darkness , milo come in as quietly as possible . but she switch on the bedside lamp . alice where be you ? ( hold he gaze ) you know you can not keep anything from I . milo okay , yeah . I do something naughty ... there 's this amazing comix store in Seattle . ( be she buy it ? ) to tell you the truth , I do it once or twice at Stanford . ' guess I can not keep anything from you ... of course she busy it : it 's in the file . alice ( she smile ) I will not turn you in . int . physical security office - morning shrot and Len go over the print - out of the card entry . len every entry be authorize . shrot keep look . len what be we look for ? shrot any irregularity in the pattern . int . milo &amp ; alice' house - morning Morning tv be on in the kitchen . a Seattle station air a puff piece about a party at Gary 's house : people in formal clothes ( include Gary &amp ; he wife ) hold drink and eat canap on the terrace over Lake Washington . ( Gary 's haircut be different : it 's file footage . ) tv voice last year ' party - goer pledge over $ 2 million to the Museum ; this year 's event promise to raise even more . lure in part by the chance to see the stun boyd house ... Alice , grind coffee , be not pay attention . milo be . milo look at this . alice what ? milo why do not he ask we to he party . he 's never even meet you . alice he have thousand of employee , milo -- milo it 's for the Museum . he know you be a painter . if anybody should be invite -- alice milo -- milo I know you think I be too attach to he , but still . I be close to Gary . and you be the most meaningful person in my life . ( he get up ) I be go back to the comix place , why should I be kill myself . alice milo , you -- but he 's out the door . she 's not entirely displease by such a dramatic demonstration of he loyalty to she . ext . build 21 - day Close on a satellite dish . we pan from the base of the dish to the wiring : a cable be fuse to a component box . Lisa be on the scaffold , have climb it brazenly , in broad daylight . she hold a small metal box with a meter and two clamp . she apply the clamp to the base of the cable . the needle on the meter dance . guard hey ! get down here ! she be expect to be bust . still , she 's scared . ext . saint catherine's day school - day a Catholic school on a wood lane . schoolgirls in uniform play on the swing and hopscotch court . int . library - saint catherine be milo type madly on a four- year - old PC . it take he a moment to notice sister beatrice . milo this be a lifesaver . my PC crash just before final . sister beatrice none of we know how to use it . I be think of take a course . ( she want to look ) May I ? milo sure . with she , we see the complex line of code . sister beatrice forget it . int . physical security office - day Lisa sit with Bob shrot . she 's unfold a page of sketch paper . lisa I need t'see it up close for a graphic . the outpost with a dish on top ? I climb up there to get it right . she hand he a unfinish rendering of the dish . he look at she , at the draw , at she again . she 's scared , but try to hide it . shrot ( hand back the draw ) next time you ask . relieved , she get up . the meter tumble to the floor , thud . she go white . but when she look up , she see shrot do not see it : Len be stand in the inner door , wave a printout . len ' might of find something . Lisa grab up the meter as shrot join Len . as she go out , she hear : len delbert seem to enter # 21 twice . without leave the first time . shrot let 's get he in here . int . seattle monorail car - night milo look up as he train come into a station . Lisa enter the car , carry a stack of comix . he stand , they kiss , he take the comix . milo great . I knock off the aglet , as soon as I get a passable version of skywire we be there . lisa the dish be juice up , too . milo thank God . lisa milo ? shrot suspect somebody break into # 21 . I be in he office when he be review the card readout . milo ( confuse ) they know I break in . Alice help I . ( figure it out ) shrot 's not one of they . he 's blunder into this on he own . lisa he do not know about the Day Care . milo hardly anybody do , that 's the beauty part . no camera , the DOJ do not bother with it , it 's access by a tunnel they boast about . you know the best place to hide a leaf ? lisa yeah , that 's old , in a tree . milo oh . lisa milo ? what if shrot notice somebody enter the Day Care at four a.m.? and tell they about it ? they look at each other : the consequence of this discovery would be deadly . int . build 20 cafeteria - day a busy lunch hour . milo be eat with some other programmers , include desi . there 's a stir of excitement in the room . Gary come straight to milo 's table ; all conversation instantly drop out . gary milo ? milo stand . Gary hand he a heavy vellum invitation . gary I be give a benefit for the art museum Thursday night . think you would like to bring Alice . everybody at the table be listen . milo that 's great ! thanks . gary ( as he go ) ' sorry about the late notice ... milo sit down . everybody 's look at he . desi " sorry about the late notice ? " int . physical security office - day delbert be seat across from shrot and Len . shrot hold the printout . shrot why do you enter # 21 twice ? delbert huh ? shrot hand delbert the printout . delbert look at it : dense with code entry . he stare at it . delbert this thing 's screw - up . look here . ( show it to they ) ' show I go into the Day Care that night . I never be in the Day Care . shrot narrow he eye ... int . public library - day milo sit with Lisa as she bring up the graphic interface she 's design for the skywire broadcast . it 's a outpost desktop , with recognizable logo , font , etc . lisa one window will be obit I download , base on the scenario you describe . the other window will accommodate the surveillance stuff you tell I about . the idea be , this work with anything , since we can not edit . he nod . [ it 's not necessary for we to understand what she 's say , just so milo do . ] she hold up a audio copy of Gary 's book , the next highway . lisa same with the excerpt I be choose : they will play against any of the image you describe . milo perfect . ( something prey on he mind ) how be I gonna get away from the party long enough to -- lisa you could always say you have to go the bathroom . milo that 's lame , be not it ? lisa you will come up with something . he already look nervous . we begin to hear live music . ext . gary house - night the music echoe from inside . push past a line of car and limousine in the light - up drive , milo 's car at the head of it . milo and Alice get out . as they go inside , she pull a tag from the sleeve of he just - buy dinner jacket . int . gary house - entrance hall - continuous as milo and Alice enter , he see a balthus painting be - digitize to a mondrian . alice they call the house to ask who 's you favorite painter . Alice smile , milo force a smile : it will be even harder to sneak away , now . they pass a doorway where a houseman stand , to keep guest from enter residential room ( the one milo must pass through to get to Gary 's workroom ) . a guy in a pretentiously hip tux try to peek in . houseman sorry , Sir , this part of the residence be restrict . milo look a little more tense ... party room - a moment later the room be full of people . a long window wall have be open onto a lakeside terrace , where more guest drink and chat , and a orchestra play . a giant mondrian digitize on the wall : the world 's large id card . milo sink a little more . across the room , Gary , he wife ( a blandly pretty blond ) and two Men be group around a Monet set on a antique easel ( thus clearly the real thing ; Mrs. boyd have prevaile . ) Gary notice the giant digital mondrian . milo take two flute of champagn off a tray . he hand one to Alice as Gary et al. approach . gary Alice , I be Gary . this be my wife , clarissa . ( handshake , etc . ) milo , this be Barry linder , who 's visit from Hollywood . linder be a short , tan man of 50 . linder I hate be the Hollywood guy . it 's so limit . meet my friend , ricky . ricky be 25 - year -old ; he look like a polo model . ricky hi , guy . gary Barry 's studio 's gonna help fill the skywire pipeline , think you guy should meet . milo ( he mind elsewhere ) cool . angle : the orchestra , play . angle : a group of society type chat . society woman he 's a sweetheart . he give 10,000 PC 's to the Library Association . society man all 10,000 of which will be sign onto he browser , no doubt . society woman and so what ?! another man wait will all the book be on-line . society woman and so what ? angle : milo , Alice , Gary , Barry linder , clarissa , ricky . milo look utterly preoccupy ... linder the merchandise implication be epic . a kid 's watch the movie , he point and click at the laser blaster -- before the reel 's even over he 's order the toy . alice but , I mean -- Devil 's advocate -- will not that influence the content ? wo not the artist complain ? the director or writer or whoever ? linder artist ? darling , the only art leave in America be business . you be in Picasso 's house ! Gary smile as everyone toast he , except milo ; he have not hear any of it . milo where 's the bathroom ? linder the irreverence ! laughter . track milo as he wend he way through laugh , chat guest , dread and determination on he face . he move away from we , enter the entrance hall speak to the houseman who guard the residential room . houseman you will have to use one over there . he indicate a area on milo 's side of the door . milo there 's like eight woman wait in line . they take forever . ( wince : painful bladder ) please ? houseman right here . he point to a door immediately behind he . as the houseman watch , milo go into the bathroom he stand there a moment , breathes deeply . he crack open the door . the houseman be turn away another Guest ; milo make he move . den -like room - continuous look over he shoulder , milo hurry to a door at the far end of the room , silently cursing the mondrian that inevitably appear . the houseman look over he shoulder , see the close bathroom door , assume milo 's still inside . int . party room - continuous Gary chat with he guest . Alice look up at the digital art , now a bosch again . int . gary house - various room - continuous milo walk fast . as he pass from one room to next , he see a mondrian : he 's be in this room . all the austere , tastefully decorate room be blend together . he stand in the center of the room make quarter turn . through each of four ( open ) doorway he see a perfectly - appoint " de , " the ultimate expression of bland , rich , professionally - decorate taste . he 's lose . he start into one room -- back up -- go into another . int . entrance hall - continuous the houseman look over he shoulder again . he see the mondrian and , in the room beyond that , another mondrian . he move to the bathroom door , knock on it . open it . he pull a sleek walkie-talkie from he jacket . int . another den - continuous milo , still lose , be get frantic . he double back , cut toward another wing of the house . through a open doorway he see : a young , chillingly calm nanny , watch he . the baby fuss in she arm . milo smile , keep move . int . gary house - a den - continuous a second houseman follow the trail of mondrian . he see mondrian in two different direction . he hesitates , pick a direction , keep move . int . party room - continuous the first houseman move through the guest , toward Gary . int . gary workroom - continuous milo have finally make it . sitting at Gary 's work station , he slip a cd- rom into the PC . it flood with text . the music echoe from far off . the entire wall behind he be fill with a mondrian . int . dine room - continuous as linder chat , the first houseman sidle up to Gary , whisper in he ear . we see Gary smile , excuse himself . he and Alice share a look as he move off . we go with Gary . his smile fade instantly . he push through guest , who thank he for host such a brilliant " do ; " he hardly hear they . int . gary workroom - night milo write frantically on he tiny pad , copying from the PC screen : longitude - 77 degree 03 Minutes 58 second East latitude - 38 degree 55 Minutes 14 second South altitude - 426 mile he flip the page , begin enter the fix for the next satellite . think he 's hear something , he look up . nobody 's there . int . another den - continuous the second houseman turn in several direction , confuse by the trail of mondrian . pass into the next room , he run into a third houseman , also confuse . each follow a different mondrian , in a different room . int . gary house - a den - continuous unlike the housemen , Gary do not follow the painting . he move swiftly , seem to know where milo be . gary workroom - continuous milo still work ... party room - continuous Alice look up at the digital painting : still a bosch . her face set grimly . int . gary workroom - continuous milo click , close the window . concentrate , he do not see what we see on the wall behind he : the mondrian drain away ... and the wall fill up with the hellish bosch triptych . after a moment , milo sense something . Gary stand in the doorway . watch he . milo do not breathe . Gary cross the room , eye lock with milo 's . Gary come behind milo . he read the screen . it 's fill with text , whatever milo load in when he sit down . gary ( read the screen ) " dear Lisa . I have enjoy work with you . I would be lie if I do not say I find you attractive . but in my heart I know that Alice ... " ( he look up ) you leave my party to send e-mail ? milo I could not do it at work cause of security or at home for -- obvious reason . Gary stare at milo . he look skeptical . the party music float in from afar as the moment stretch . gary you could have handwritten it . milo I be not much good at handwrite . or party . gary oh , that 's right . you be " clueless . " this hang there . milo Gary , I be sorry if I be rude -- the second houseman stick he head in . houseman everything ok , Mr. boyd ? gary no problem . ( when he 's go ) be there ? milo Gary , I -- gary you see what 's hang on the wall ? he look over . milo look over . among the frame commendation , award , degree we see milo 's childhood program , write on outpost 1.0 . Gary have have it frame . milo absorb it . even now , he feel something for Gary . gary I hope you know what you mean to I . not just because of what you be do . because of who you be . milo I do know , Gary . I feel the same way . I think I be come here for a job . but it 's mean a lot more . milo smile almost tenderly . he do not know if Gary busy it . perhaps if he could see Gary 's eye . but they be obscure by bosch 's writhe body , reflect on he eyeglass . Gary move away from milo , he stand over the table with the art book , vaguely look through one . gary when will you have a beta version ? milo wonder : do he know ? he pick he word carefully . milo I be pretty close . but when I write the last contact switch , it wipe out a piece of the content filer . you know what it 's like , write software . gary I do know . you focus on the big problem . but somewhere down the chain , something break down . something get destroy . at first it 's upsetting . you feel you have lose control . Gary put down the book . something in he tone draw milo . gary so you have to remind yourself : it 's just the process . something 's always lose along the way to anything worthwhile . some little bug , some glitch . ' can not get bog down in that , you be do something other people could never do . they lack the imagination , the brain , the nerve . let they fret about every unforeseen consequence . you have to solve the problem . that 's who you be . be this a confession ? a plea for understanding ? or just a pep-talk to keep milo focus on skywire ? ext. / int driveway / milo' car - later in the car , milo and Alice pull away from the light and limo in icy silence . several beat . alice be you gonna tell I where you go ? milo I go to see the skywire model in Gary 's office . you know . just to hold it again . he look at she . she stare ahead , out the windshield . alice be you have a affair , milo ? he would better have he story straight with Gary and Alice . milo no. no . I send a e-mail to somebody , just now . to tell she how I feel about you . ( look at she ) you know I be clueless , without you . you know I -- alice ( fight tear ) just shut up ? or be she fake it ? have he lose the trust of all of they ? he 's afraid , now . ext . int . day care - day move in on the building , past kid play in the yard . int . day care - computer room - day we hear the child 's shout os . short , with a fingerprint kit , be dusting the keyboard . Len stand over he . len get the backslash , the colon , key kid do not use but geek do . ( look around , perplex ) what would milo want in here , anyway ? shrot they know . ' just they do not trust I with it . so we will get the evidence , first , ask question later . ext . library park - evening by the balustrade , in the dimness , milo stand with Lisa . lisa do he know you know ? milo he suspect I know something . I think he be sort of -- explain himself to I , in case I do . ( he breathes ) we have to go in tonight . I be two hour from a beta version . ( know she will not like it ) but I have gotta go home for a hour . lisa why ?! milo she call to apologize . I say I be pull a all - nighter . she say then come home just to say hi . which I always do when we fight , it 's suspicious if I do not . lisa please do not go . milo at this point the worst thing I could do be anything out of the ordinary . she look at he , worried , then take a disk out of she backpack . lisa here 's the interface . he take it . they kiss . she watch he go , worried . ext . / int . milo' house - night as milo come up the path , he see Alice in the kitchen . he open the front door , step in . she come from the kitchen in a apron , wiping she hand . the apron be spatter , she hair be askew . alice I be a mess ! I get this hunan cookbook , since we be always afraid for you to eat in chinese restaurant . I have be mincing thing into teeny - tiny piece all afternoon . he smile to hide he terror . be she kill he now ? or just testing he reaction ? or be it a sincere overture ? milo great ! alice look at I ! I be gonna change . when she turn away , we see the fear on he face . int . the bedroom - a moment later Alice pull into a dress . in the kitchen - continuous milo , at the stove , sniff at the food that simmer in a wok . he grab a a spoon , examine it ; but it 's mince too fine to discern one ingredient from another . bedroom Alice pull she hair back with a ribbon ... kitchen milo churn the garbage in the wastebasket , read the label on a jar , the label on a can ... bedroom Alice apply blush - on . kitchen milo go through the spice cabinet ... live room - a moment later milo pace . he stop when she come from the bedroom . milo ( he smile ) you look beautiful . alice yeah ? give I a goodbye kiss . milo ... what ? alice I know you . you be gonna run back to work right after dinner . I want my kiss now . either she 's the most cold - blooded woman in the world , or ... he take she in he arm , kiss she long and hard -- as if he life depend on it . when he release she , she pretend to swoon . she back toward the kitchen . alice be right back . kitchen - a moment later camera be position on the counter , just behind the big bowl as Alice spoon the food into it ... she sprinkle on some final ingredient , also mince . dine room - continuous milo 's finger drum the table top ... kitchen - continuous Alice pick up the dish . we do not see she face . on the dish - moving - continuous ( alice' Pov ) we hold the dish out in front of we . the food shine in the light , a poisonous yellow gleam . we move from kitchen to dining room , slowly , deliberately ... milo come into view beyond the dish , wear a force smile . we come all the way to the table with the dish , where Alice set it down . she sit . milo , still vamp , pour wine . he pick up he fork . stare at it . alice milo ? his mind churn furiously . alice milo ? milo do not we have any chopstick ? alice oh , right . hold on . when she 's go , he flip he leave arm over and drag the tine of he fork against it , make score - mark , like that use by allergist to test for sensitivity . he dab the sauce onto the track , wipe it clean . he stare at it . int . kitchen drawer - continuous Alice root through ladle , bottle opener , cheese grater , spatulas . at the bottom of the drawer , she find two pair of take - out chopstick , wrap in white paper . int . dine room - continuous milo look from he watch to he arm -- no reaction yet . milo ( under he breath ) one more minute ... but here 's Alice . she slip into she seat . alice here we go . milo great . he unwrap the chopstick rather slowly . milo ... wanna savor this . alice it 's gonna get cold . milo right . wait . a toast . alice you be just afraid to eat it . she smile , pick up she glass . milo to the artist . they toast . she sip she wine . he sip he . he want desperately to glance at he inner arm once more . but she 's watch he , wait for he to eat . he pick up the chopstick , gather up a tiny bite . she watch keenly . he bring the food to he mouth , pass it between he lip , swallow . he close he eye , ostensibly to savor the food , in fact brace for a paroxysm . she watch he expectantly -- either for he verdict on the food , or for the first fatal spasm . milo ( he voice crack ) it 's great . it 's great . she grin . she take a bite . the moment she look away , he turn over he arm to get a look , face full of fear . the track be still flat , there 's no redness . he shovel a large bite into he mouth , ecstatic to be alive . then another bite , greedy with life . int . computer security office - night shrot and Len be in a high - tech office . on a monitor , we see a blow - up image of a fingerprint take from milo 's keyboard ; milo 's name be print under it . in a second window , other fingerprint flash by : thousand of print lift off keyboard in the Day Care . shrot wait for a match to click in . int . milo' office - night milo scroll he skywire code , concentrate intensely . till he feel some stickiness on he thumb and forefinger . he rub they together , peer at he key . dolly -zoom in on a trace of fingerprint powder . fear seize milo . he eject he the skywire CD -- it be a bright silver color , with a skywire logo on it -- slip it in a equally distinct silver ( CD ) jewel-case . int . bldg . 20 hallway - moment later milo smile at desi as he move up the hall . he almost bump into Gary 's Secretary . secretary milo , hi ! how be the party ? milo great ! great ! thanks for ask ! he continue up the hall . he duck into the service hall . int . computer security office - continuous shrot watch as the computer produce a alarm - like buzzing . the second window lock onto the match print . the print flash in unison , garishly confirm the match . int . tunnel / stairwell - continuous milo race along the tunnel that lead from # 20 to the Day Care ... int . computer security office - continuous shrot punch a number on the phone . len you call phil and Randy ? shrot I be call Gary . int . stairwell / day care backroom - continuous milo climb the stair , fumble with the swipecard , enter the Day Care . int . computer security office - continuous Len be at the console . on a security monitor , he have call - up video from a moment ago : milo hurry up the hall , almost run into Gary 's Secretary . shrot have a eye on the video as he speak on the phone . shrot he 's leave he office , we think he 's go back to the Day Care for some reason . can you tell I why , Gary ? ( he listen ) whatever you say . ( hang up angrily ) want to consult with phil . be it phil 's idea to run the fingerprint ? shrot strap on he service revolver as he head out . shrot come with I . len ( try to catch up ) where we go ? int . day care - computer room - continuous milo be under the table , detach one of the the black plastic data tower that contain the " primer , " store surveillance material , etc . int . phil be office - continuous phil hang up the phone . he turn to Randy , who be with the two man : the blond gunther , the pale - eye riman . phil he 's in the Day Care . int . day care - continuous milo carefully detach a second data tower . ext . bldg . 20 - continuous shrot and Len hurry out of the building , toward the Day Care across the quad . Len be ill - at - ease : len Bob , I be a programmer , not a cop . in he haste , shrot do not even hear he . int . build 20 hallway - continuous gunther , riman &amp ; Randy head down the service hallway , en route to the bomb shelter stair . int . day care - continuous milo , lug one bulky black data tower under each arm ( wonder if he should just ditch one ) get as far as the main , colorfully - carpete room -- shrot be there , gun draw . Len stand just behind . shrot what be you do ? milo you be better off not know . shrot think he 's be mock , as usual . shrot what be you do ?! milo set down one of the tower . milo they be surveilling programmer from in here . they steal they code . sometimes -- I know this sound insane -- sometimes they kill one . shrot look skeptical . milo they let I break into 21 . ' Cause there 's nothing in there . you know they have be keep thing from you . ' get in the way when you try t'do you job . that 's why you never tell them you suspicion about I . right ? shrot do not deny it . milo if you have I would be dead now . milo 's sincerity be strike . shrot cogitate . milo you have be follow you gut all along . please do not stop now ? int . stairwell - continuous gunther , riman and Randy climb the metal stair , turn at a landing , climb some more . when they get to the next landing , riman open the door . they enter the day care - back room hear voice inside , gunther draw a gun ; they move forward stealthfully . they enter the computer room - continuous randy what 's go on here ? Randy see : shrot and len. shrot who be this guy ? randy where be he ? shrot we be too late . take a look . he shine he light under the table , where the tower have be detach . shrot what 's in here worth take , anyway ? ext . quad - continuous milo hurry away from the Day Care . he have just one data tower , now , so he can move faster . int . day care computer room - continuous Randy start to push past shrot -- randy he must be out there still -- he get to the front room , where the jettison data tower still sit ( but he do not see it ) . shrot ( call after ) forget about it . his car 's not in the lot , he 's go ! shrot watch anxiously to see if he 's stop Randy . ext . outpost - parking lot - night milo move low among the high - priced car , lug the tower . he get to he deux chevaux , open the trunk -- voice hey ! milo turn . it 's desi , again . desi wanna get a cheeseburger or something ? milo maybe another time . as calmly as possible , he stow the tower , slam the trunk , get in the car . int . day care - computer room - continuous Randy hang up the phone . randy ( to shrot &amp ; Len ) fellas , I be gonna have to ask you to leave here now . shrot wait a second . I be the one who find out he be muck around in here in the first place . randy we be all grateful for that . really . go out the way you come in ? reluctantly , shrot &amp ; Len head out toward the front room . int . / ext milo' car / highway - night milo be on the phone , he drive as fast as one can in he car . milo meet I at the other location . lisa ( v.o. ) tell I you be not call on you car phone ?! int . day care - computer room - continuous Randy , riman &amp ; gunther have turn the Day Care into a surveillance post . they hear milo &amp ; Lisa 's conversation on speaker . milo ( v.o. ) they know , I have no choice . get out of the house now ! do you have a laptop ? int . lisa' house - continuous lisa ( on the phone ) it 's three year old , it -- int . milo' car - continuous milo ( on the phone ) bring it to the other location . lisa but you say the other -- he ring off . he read something off a business card . int . lisa' house - continuous scramble , Lisa grab she old laptop , find she key . int . gary house - gary workroom - continuous phil 's on the phone . phil yeah , alright . ( hang up , brief Gary ) he 's off campus , he 's take some surveillance data with he . Gary 's eye narrow . phil she 's bring she laptop , it 's wire . second she boot up , we be on them . ext . / int . build / milo' car - rural road - night milo read the address off the business card , which have a satellite dish as its logo . ( he hold it in front of he . ) when he bring down the card , it reveal a real - life satellite dish through the windshield . as the car pull up by a low cinderblock building , we read a sign that say knqr - public access . int . knqr - reception area - continuous milo rush in , lug the tower . there 's a linoleum floor , frame one - sheet for tacky public access show ( yoga , blow - dry evangelist , nude talk show ) . behind the reception desk sit a beefy rent-a-guard with a earring . rent-a-guard help you ? milo Brian here ? Brian bissel ? rent-a-guard ( pick up the phone ) who want to see he ? int . / ext . lisa' car / highway - night Lisa drive fast , check she rear-view - mirror to make sure she 's not be follow . Pan to the seat next to she : she laptop lie on the passenger seat . int . day care computer room - continuous a monitor show a green interface with yellow coordinate ( like a air traffic controller ' screen ) . Randy sit at the keyboard in front of it , phone cradle on shoulder . randy ( into the phone ) nothing . they have not boot - up yet . int . knqr - continuous milo speak to Brian . milo this be the biggest beta demo in like the history of software . you would be my partner . brian you can not pre-empt yoga , that 's we biggest show . milo Brian ! you wanna be a big deal , do not you ? that 's you dream in life . Brian be examine the data tower . he touch the outpost logo brand into it , rather reverently . Lisa come in , laptop sling over she arm . brian will I get to work for outpost ? milo no . but you can write you own ticket in the Valley after this . we be gonna bring down outpost . brian what ? milo what would they ever do for you ? Brian 's think it over . he shrug . brian okay . milo great . great ! we need to drag a lot of heavy stuff in front of the door -- brian what ?! milo ( to the rent-a - Guard ) wanna be a part of history ? rent-a-guard not really . milo ( digging in he pocket ) well -- would you like to pick up a extra -- 232 dollar ? int . gary house - continuous Gary be pace ... phil ( on the phone ) nothing yet , Gary ... int . knqr - reception area - continuous the rent-a - Guard drag a file cabinet in front of the door , where he have already drag the couch , some chair , a garbage can , two lamp ... int . satellite room ( upstair ) - knqr - continuous Three tv 's of various size and wood veneer be turn on : one to NBC ( " er " ) one to CBS ( " 48 hour " ) one to ABC ( toothpaste commercial ) . on a in - house monitor a leathery woman in a leotard do yoga . Lisa be cabling she laptop into the station 's computer . Brian boot it up : it run the satellite . milo cable the data tower into the laptop . cable go in every which direction : the whole set - up have a distinctly gerry - rig look . go tight on the laptop power switch . Lisa toggle it on . int . day care compute room - night the yellow coordinate start blink on . Randy sit at a console . randy ( into the phone ) we have get a fix on them . ( type ) 218 North jericho Road . gunther and riman grab holster gun , race out . Randy type some more , speak into the phone : randy Public access tv station . knqr . int . gary house - continuous phil hang up , blow a sigh of relief . phil he 's take it to the public access station . phil sag gratefully into a chair ... only to see Gary plow past he . at he workstation Gary type , mutter : gary that 's what he be do in here . the bosch wall screen fill up with a dark blue background , longitude and latitude line ... phil Gary ? Gary throw a print spiral notebook at he . gary help I change the skywire setting . add five degree to each satellite coordinate . phil Gary , do not worry , we -- gary just do what I be ask ! Gary hit a switch . a wood panel slide into the wall , revealing a bank of four tv 's . int . car / highway - continuous gunther and riman speed toward the station . int . satellite room - wnqr - continuous milo slip he disk in the laptop . Lisa cable the video tower to the laptop . brian you be interface with we dish . milo ( to Lisa ) gimme the coordinate ? Lisa read from milo 's little pad . lisa longitude 77 degree , 03 minute , 58 second East . milo type on the laptop . lisa latitude 38 degree , 55 minute , 14 second South . int . gary workroom - continuous phil read to Gary as he type . phil 19 second South . altitude 431 mile . ext . space - night we see the Earth far below . the skywire Satellite orbit majestically into frame , shift five degree to the leave . int . satellite room - knqr - continuous milo hit enter . milo , Lisa , Brian , shift they collective gaze to the three funky tv set . " er " play , uninterrupted , Dan Rather , Diane sawyer on ABC , the yoga lady , the audio of all four blend in a chaotic low melange that add to the tension ( particularly the frantic medical emergency on " er " ) . brian be it you software ? milo be it you dish ? lisa maybe it 's the satellite . milo ( he think ) let 's try # 2 . int . gary workroom - continuous gary okay , # 2 . phil longitude 48 degree 06 minute -- ext . knqr - continuous gunther and riman squeal into the station parking lot . int . satellite room - continuous Lisa look out the window to the parking lot , below . milo be type in coordinate . lisa they be already here . my laptop must be wire ! brian ( anxiously ) milo ? milo ( type ) we be there . milo hit enter . int . gary workroom - continuous Gary hit enter . ext . space continuous a second skywire satellite shift regally away from the Earth , as if shunning the signal . int . satellite room knqr - continuous milo , Lisa , Brian watch the tv's . " er " et al . milo damn ! ext . / int . knqr - entrance - continuous gunther and riman tear through the barricade the rent-a - cop have erect with ruthless precision . int . satellite room - continuous milo cogitate while Lisa review the satellite coordinate -- lisa ( to Brian ) you check you connection ? brian ( to milo ) yes ! should you reboot ? milo be scrolling the software , try to figure out which of a 1,000 possible glitches be get in the way . milo ... he know . lisa what ? milo he 's be alter the coordinate since we logge on . he 's a step ahead . let 's jump to # 12 . int . gary workroom - continuous phil ready for number three ? gary let 's go . phil longitude 109 -- gary wait ... he know . phil what ? gary ' know I be alter the coordinate . let 's jump to # 12 . phil Gary ? gary just do it . int . knqr - upstair hallway - continuous the Rent -a - Guard drag furniture , prop , light , in front of the entrance to the satellite room . int . entrance - knqr - continuous gunther and riman have create a open in the barricade . they step through it . they hear the racket the rent-a-guard be make upstairs . they head that way . int . stairway / upstair hallway - continuous the Rent -a - Guard be hold a lightstand as they ascend , gun draw . gunther step aside . we will not hurt you . riman take the lightstand from he . the rent-a- Guard put he hand up , sidle across the hallway as they tear into the barricade . int . satellite room - continuous Lisa read to milo . lisa latitude 47 degree . milo wait a second . he know I know . brian what ?! milo he 's work backwards , too . ( to Lisa ) let 's do number five ? lisa longitude 66 . milo type . int . stairwell - continuous gunther and riman rip down the barricade , reach the door . they whip it open , gun draw . they see : a empty supply room . [ the barricade be a decoy . ] int . satellite room - continuous the Rent -a - Guard have join milo et al in here . he try to slide a heavy shelf in front of the door , but it 's not yet in place . Lisa have dial 911 . she 's scared . lisa come now . they have get gun ! os , we can hear gunther and riman pound at the door . gunther ( o.s. ) open the door , milo ! brian ( to milo ) you there yet ? milo ( type ) one more second . he hit enter . the door be kick open . gunther &amp ; riman enter , gunther with a gun , riman still carry the light stand . he immediately bashes the knqr computer with it . Lisa look devastate . brian hey , hey , relax , relax ! he hold up the computer cable , to show riman it be never plugge in , anyway . lisa oh my God . brian ( to gunther ) should I call phil ? or do you ? gunther knit he brow . he notice milo : still stare at the tv screen . brian milo ? wake up . we regular programming will not be preempt tonight . milo 's gaze stay fix to the screen . riman grab he by the shirt . but gunther 's concerned by milo 's behavior : gunther ( stare at milo ) wait . as milo watch the screen , a pixilate , ghostly image begin to appear on all of they : the animated skywire logo ( lightning strike , etc . ) . Brian lurch across to the laptop , eject the cd- rom . it 's beige -color , say outpost Word . brian ... when do you know ? milo ( still watch the screen ) you should have call a few time to bug I about you job prospect . lisa milo ? who 's get skywire ? int . gary workroom - continuous Gary and phil watch as the skywire logo get steadily stronger on Gary 's tv 's . phil be confound : phil if milo do not launch skywire , who do ? we hear a low steady hum . CUT to : a cable plugge into a dusty wall - port that do not even have a plate on it . pan along the cable , we widen to show : int . unfinished studio ( # 21 ) - continuous in dim construction light , not far from the sear generator , Len sit on the concrete floor . the second data tower be patch into a laptop . the distinct silver jewelcase lie by the CD - rom drive . shrot pace : shrot now what be we do ? I do not get any of this shit ! len I launch skywire . just pray the last set of coordinate milo send I connect we to Gary 's satellite . CUT to : four tv sets each show the standard outpost desktop : outpost logo , font , color . [ this be the all - purpose interface Lisa create for to milo . ] a window at the top show a succession of obituary with photo Lisa have download from newspaper : " programmer die in highway crash ; " " programmer among cult suicide ; " " programmer victim of racial killing , " etc . ) the obituary -- eight of they -- fade up and down in a continuous cycle . meantime : lower on the screen , the material from the day - care data tower appear , follow the same succession we see when milo bring up teddy 's data , i.e. , footage of a young programmer at college , surveillance footage of he type away ( from behind ) , medical record that describe he vulnerability or a crime primer that describe he scenario . between the obit and the primer , cause and effect be ( eventually ) establish . the crown note be the audio , Gary in voice over , glean ( by Lisa ) from the audio version of he own book : gary voice over most of we who write software achieve we great work before age 30 . as I grow older I know how important it be to access fertile young mind ! reverse on Gary watch . int . knqr - satellite room - continuous we hear siren grow near . gunther watch the broadcast , still grip he gun . riman ( to gunther ) you know the scenario for this . this sound ominous . Lisa wonder what it mean . milo wonder what it mean . he swallow hard . milo ' last thing you wanna do be hurt we now . ( not at all sure ) right ? gunther ( to Brian ) who 's see this ? brian ( with dread ) who be not ? CUT to : a montage 1 . move past rows &amp ; rows of PC 's play surveillance footage , a crash - scene upload , and a obituary , in a college computer lab . student watch , agog . gary voice over we work hard to stay ahead because we know any kid work in he garage can put we out of business . 2 . time square - pedestrian and motorist ( with crane neck ) watch the jumbo- tron , now the world 's biggest desktop . in one window , college video of a promise programmer , in the other , footage of a cult suicide . ( sometimes the programmer in question be simultaneous with he obit , sometimes not , but the connection by now become clear ) . gary voice over the first rule of the software business be : that who do not innovate be doom to die . 3 . the cut accelerate . in a network control room , technician flip switch , try to bring back schedule programming . at the nikkei , the broker be transfix by what come over the Big board . in a vega casino gambler sip they drink as they watch it on close - circuit horserace monitor . on a STREET corner , a crack Dealer watch on he beeper . at a stadium , the Stones play but ( tilting up ) the diamond vision behind they play milo 's broadcast . in a electronics store , a wall of tv 's -- 200 of they -- play grisly primer footage for shopper . a guy take a shiny wrap copy of outpost ' 98 from he basket , return it to the shelf ... in the Day Care Computer room , it play on all the monitor as Randy move through the room with a big buzzing electro-magnetic hoop , which he run over each tower , wiping out data . through all the cut , we hear Gary 's narration : gary voice over that 's why we work so hard to invent or acquire great new application . Consumers do not care where new idea come from , just so long as they be offer at competitive price . be not that what the free market 's about ? sure , we like be # 1 , but it 's pressure , too . this business be binary : you be a zero or a one . int . justice dept . - WASHINGTON D.C. - continuous a group of government lawyer , work late ( chinese takeout , loosen tie ) watch with a dawn sense of unbelievable good luck . justice dept . lawyer ' guess we should wake the Attorney General . tight on : a PC screen - teddy Chin 's recruitment file be in one window , the hate crime footage be in another . gary voice over I have be call " aggressive " but to I , that 's really a compliment . reverse : sunnyvale loft - continuous Larry watch with he start - up partner . his eye close : it hurt to see teddy , again . gary voice over look at all the job and technology my " aggression " have create . int . lyle barton be house - front room - continuous OPEN on a frame photo of Barton , he wife and kid . the broadcast play , os . barton' wife ( o.s. ) lyle ? phone for you . she come in . no Barton . the front door be wide open , the tv be still on . gary voice over we really be a family here at outpost . int . milo &amp ; lisa' house - bedroom - night painting be go from the wall , clothes flung around . move in on a note pin to the pillow , as the tv play . gary voice over I think that 's why outsider sometimes see we as " cultish " or " secretive . " milo , it be not so bad , really . xx " Alice " ext . outpost campus - night High wide shot : siren scream as unmark sedan and squadcar squeal into the sanctify parking lot . gary voice over be loyalty and group spirit somehow " sinister " nowadays ? int . gary workroom - continuous open on Gary 's tv monitor , then pan into the room . phil have depart ; the outpost lawyer have take he place . lawyer the " murder " stuff be all innuendo : bad pr , legally null . ' could probably be spun as urban legend . there be a case for corporate espionage , but if you cop a plea , you will get a slap -- gary cop a plea ? I be confuse , Ted . you think I know about this ? the lawyer suppress they opinion . gary I be run the company , fight the DOJ , raise a family . Randy and phil obviously overreact . to this endless , antitrust witchhunt . lawyer ( get real ) the government 's gonna offer them a helluva deal to tie you into this . whether you know about it or not . lawyer 2 Randy , phil and whoever else know about it . gary that will not be a problem . int . / ext . car / rural road - continuous gunther &amp ; riman turn off a rural road ... gary ( o.s. ) as for pr , skywire will take care of all that . ...onto a tarmac . a private jet sit light up , wait . int . gary workroom - continuous gary the world 's see it now . they know it 's gonna dominate the convergence market even beyond how outpost ' 98 dominate the desktop . int . private jet - 35,000 ft . - continuous continuous dolly past : gunther , as he take a chiva from the stewardess ; lyle Barton who slip on he headset ; Alice , sorting through video casettes ; Randy &amp ; phil , play gin rummy ; Brian , eat a hamburger . meantime : gary ( o.s. ) go after we , you give foreign competitor a shot at the platform that will hold sway for 30 year : you threaten not just we chip and PC partner like when you come after the browser . int . gary workroom - continuous gary you threaten tv network , phone company , catalog outlet , publishing house , movie studio , travel agent , airline , stock brokerage -- you sabotage the whole economy . talk about undermine innovation ! lawyer 2 ( he 's write on a legal pad ) easy to spin , old as the hill : what 's good for outpost be good for America . he hand the pad to Gary . int . knqr - satellite room - continuous milo watch the screen , anxiously . milo come on , bob. load in the other disk . int . gary workroom - continuous Gary be read from the lawyer 's pad . gary " I have no knowledge of this activity , but I have to ask myself if the competitive environment I encourage in some small way contribute -- " lawyer Gary ? Gary look up . the lawyer nod soberly at the tv 's . in one window , the skywire code scroll slowly past . in the other , it say : " here 's the code for the operate system that make this braodcast possible . take it . use it . make the new convergence technology as free as the web . " under the window , this word scroll continuously : human knowledge belong to the world . watch , Gary knit he brow : he look wounded . int . college computer lab - continuous in the lab that begin the montage , move past row of student scribbling madly as the code unfold , or save it to they hard drive . off-screen , a Student say , " well , the genie 's out of that bottle . " short fade : cyber pundit ( over black ) the board ousted Gary boyd as Chairman , they be assist the DOJ in the breakup of outpost into division . fade in on : tv - playing larry king live the cyber pundit chat with larry king . larry king ( on tv ) that 's gotta kill he , right ? cyber pundit ( on tv ) outpost be he baby , sure . on the other hand , we just learn Gary boyd own the skywire satellite . personally . larry king ( on tv ) outpost do not own they . we be : int . sunnyvale loft - day Larry lindholm sit on a couch watch tv . mover be carry out computer equipment all around he . he try to ignore they . cyber pundit ( on tv ) conglomerate be line up to finance the launch of the remain satellite . they will pay he a huge premium to get on -line . larry king that would change with a criminal indictment . cyber pundit there 's no hard evidence he know about this . anybody who could implicate he seem to have vanish . larry king ( on tv ) be not there a stigma ? bankrol this guy ? cyber pundit ( on tv ) stigma ? Larry ! 60 billion busy you some slack in this world . larry king ( on tv ) and the kid who write skywire -- then give it away ? they be call he the digital Robin Hood . cyber pundit ( on tv ) milo . surprise he 's not you guest . larry king ( on tv ) we try ! cyber pundit ( on tv ) you better believe everybody 's try to sign he up . as Larry ( King ) chuckle , Larry ( lindholm ) look up . milo and Lisa wear backpack . as milo sluff he off : milo Larry , Lisa . Larry switch off the tv as he come to he foot . a mover pass by , haul out a monitor . Larry explain : larry you app kind of blow mine out of the water . milo ( he shrug ) we will come up with the next big thing . larry ... you wanna work -- here ? milo get out of my other commitment . Larry hug milo . turn to Lisa : larry May I ? he hug Lisa , too . a mover grab milo 's backpack from the floor . milo hey , wait ! ( when the mover look ) not give everything away . the mover set it down , move on . larry c'mon . bring you stuff . milo grab up he pack , the three of they head away from camera . larry you guy will be use teddy 's old space , be that okay ? milo cool . fade to black : the end