a N T Z character voice " Z " ............................................... woody allen " wasp # 1 " ......................................... dan aykroyd " wasp # 2 " ......................................... jane curtin " gen . formica " ................................... danny glover " mandible " ....................................... gene hackman " azteca " ....................................... jennifer LOPEZ " drunk scout " .................................... JOHN mahoney " weaver " ................................... sylvester stallone " princess bala " .................................. sharon stone " queen " .......................................... meryl streep " carpenter " ................................ christopher walken Z ( o.s. ) ( over a dark screen ) all my life , I have live and work in the big city ... we see : ext . a ant mound - day the camera swoops towards the entrance , then dive inside , past a couple of tough - look soldier ant who stand at the gate of the ant colony like insect bouncer ... into a access tunnel that snake this way and that , past a row of ant plodd along ... ... and into the MAIN chamber of the colony , a huge , teeming vista that seem to stretch away forever , fill with ant rush here and there on they business . we see -- a " traffic cop " direct foot traffic , wave he arm like crazy so both side move at once -- a column of soldier ant march along in formation -- a chain of ant let down a matchbox elevator fill with worker . Z ( v.o. ) ... which be kind of a problem , since I have always feel uncomfortably in crowd . int . motivational counsellor's office - day we join Z , a worker ant with issue . he 's lie on a couch , recount he woe . Z I feel ... isolate . different . I have get abandonment issue . my father fly away when I be just a larva . my mother do not have much time for I ... when you have five million sibling , it 's difficult to get attention . ( pause ) I feel physically inadequate -- I have never be able to lift more than ten time my own weight . sometimes I think I be just not cut out to be a worker . but I do not have any other option . I be assign to trade school when I be just a grub . the whole system just ... make I feel ... insignificant . motivational counsellor ( enthusiastic ) terrific ! you should feel insignificant ! for the first time , we see the ant motivational counsellor . he 's a mixture of tony robbin and ron popiel ( the hyperactive late - night tv huckster , and founder of " ronco " ) . Z ... I should ? motivational counsellor ( hopping around enthusiastically ) yes !!! you know , people ask I , " Doctor , why be you always happy ? " and I tell they it 's mind over matter . I do not mind that I do not matter ! do you get it ? do you get it ? Z give a fake smile . motivational counsellor ( incredibly " up " ) Z , we be part of the fastest grow species in the whole world ! the counsellor roll down a chart from the wall . a arrow show ant population go up , up , up . motivational counsellor ask I why we be so successful . Z why be we so successful ? motivational counsellor I be glad you ask I that question ! the motivational counsellor open some blind ... and we see a vista of the ant -fill chamber below . motivational counsellor what do you see out there ? Z ... ant ... motivational counsellor right ! ant ! million of creature , each with he assign task , all pull together ! down below , we see a group of ant carry a boulder up a incline . one worker ant slip , and the boulder roll down , crush he leg . the other ant rush over -- it look like they be go to help they fall comrade , but instead , they climb right over he , and pick up the boulder , continue with they task . motivational counsellor you see ? be a ant be be able to say , " hey -- I be meaningless , you be meaningless . " Z but -- but I have always feel life be about find meaning ... and then share it with someone special , someone you love . the motivational counsellor put he arm on Z 's shoulder ... he seem to understand ... motivational counsellor Z... you need help . ( look at a clock ) whoops ! we be gonna have to stop there . you minute be up ! the counsellor usher Z out of he seat and towards the door . motivational counsellor now back to work ! we have make real progress ! remember -- let 's be best superorganism we can be ! int . early mega - tunnel - day a gigantic tunnel , with the size and scale of the " chunnel " . a banner strung overhead read : " the mega - tunnel -- tunnel we Way to a Bright future ! " along the wall hang 50' work - incentive style poster with message like , " you ask for it , you get it -- more work ! " and " two meal a week be enough !!! " line after line of ant be work on the tunnel , digging , pass clump of dirt from ant to ant , everyone synchronize . close on a clump of dirt be pass from hand to hand . pull out to reveal azteca , a feisty , cynical , female worker ant , who stand there , wait to pass the dirt on . Z be daydream behind she , with clump of dirt start to pile up in front of he . azteca hello ?! Earth to Z ! you better snap out of it , or there 's gonna be a lot of piss off ant ! Z look back , and see the ant behind stare at he angrily . Z ( snap out of it ) sorry azteca . here you go , fella ! Fresh dirt ! alley oop ! ( look at the dirt ) should not we be wear glove ? I mean this dirt be very ... dirty . do not anyone think of hygiene ? ( Z 's stomach growl ) Boy be I hungry . I be so hungry I be see double . it look like there 's two million ant in here . when 's lunch ? tomorrow , or the day after ? azteca ( sweetly ) Z , old pal ... ( shout ) shut up !!! it 's bad enough there 's a food shortage without you complain about it every day . Z the squeaky wheel get the oil . azteca no , Z . the squeaky wheel get throw away , alright ? you be a good ant , Z , even though you be a pain in my rear - segment . I do not wanna see anything happen to you . so quit mouth off , before you get in trouble . a whistle blows . Z thank goodness . breaktime . all the ant put down they tool . a beat . then the whistle blows again . all the ant pick up they tool again . azteca ( resign ) break 's over . Z ( get back to work ) this colony need another tunnel like a hole in the ground . why be we even digging this thing ? azteca who care , Z . all I know be , we gotta dig . we be not the one in charge . int . town CENTER - day the huge , spacious main chamber of the colony . loom over the scene be the royal palace , which seem to be inaccessible , perch on top of a hill - like pedestal . around the base of the pedestal , a crew of worker loiter , seemingly aimlessly ... can this be the only unemployed ant in the place ? general formica stair ! the worker look up and groan . then they start form a stairway with they own body , link arm , step on each other 's shoulder . it 's extremely unpleasant work . one ant be a little tardy , and just manage to get in place before ... general formica , the pattonesque military leader of the colony , step on he head , use it as the first step as he ascend to the palace , he aide- de-camp carpenter in tow . as Formica mount the " stair " we can hear the worker go , " ouch ! oof ! yike ! " etc . general formica cut the chit-chat down there ! ( turn to carpenter ) we have spoiled this worker , carpenter . they have never have it so good , and listen to they -- always grumble and complain ... Formica step on the foot of one of the " stairway " ant , who muffle a yelp . carpenter ... yes , sir . general formica what have they get to complain about ? Three square meal a day ... carpenter actually , sir , we have cut they down to three roughly rectangular meal a week . formica do not give I statistic , carpenter . I know what I be talk about . door ! Formica and carpenter have reach the top of the staircase . there , the two guard ant on either side of the massive throne room door pull they open -- and one door hinge squeak . formica ( to guard ant , while pass ) oil that , soldier . int . throne room - day the queen be on she throne , she huge abdomen sprawle behind she . queen ah! General Formica . Formica salute and march to she , carpenter behind he . note : throughout this scene , the Queen be give birth repeatedly . each birth be accompany by a herald play a short " happy birthday " fanfare on he trumpet . mid-wife ant bring each baby to the Queen for inspection , who coo a few word . the midwive put the baby on a move bassinet - line , power by ant on a treadmill . queen General , the severe food shortage that face the colony ... pain I . the think of any of my child go hungry ... ( she shudder ; then , to baby ) who 's the cutest widdle worker ? you be ! yes , you ! do not forget to brush you tooth ! ( to mid-wife ) ship 'er out . ( back to Formica ) what step be you take to remedy the situation ? formica we be launching a major offensive to expand we forage territory ... queen yes , what else ? formica please do not worry , you majesty . leave the worry to I . as you know , I be not a ant of half - measure . I do not pussyfoot around . this crisis be my number one priority , and I promise you it 's be deal with swiftly , and decisively . the Queen 's attention be interrupt by another baby be put in she arm . queen ( to baby ) no snack between meal ! off you go ! ( to Formica ) now -- what be we say ? formica ( Oliver North -style ) I do not recollect , you majesty . will that be all ? queen yes , General Formica . carry on , my good man ! I do not know what we would do without you . Formica click he heel and bow he head . carpenter bow low . Formica smartly about face -- bala ( o.s. ) General Formica ! princess bala hurry through a second doorway , carry a swatch book . something about she set she apart from the handmaiden ant with she . her tiara , probably . Formica tilt he head quizzically to carpenter behind he . carpenter ( sotto ) princess bala , sir . you fiancee . formica princess ! you look -- outstanding . be there anything I can do for you ? bala well -- I think -- since we be get marry ... it might be nice if we ... get to know one another . Formica look confuse . queen bala have always be a hopeless romantic , General . bala it 's just that -- well , I be honore that you select I , and everything , I just think the marriage might go a little more smoothly if -- we have a conversation ? formica ( uncomfortable ) conversation ...yes ... well ... ( to carpenter ) be not she brief ? queen ( hold up a baby ) look , General ! a darling baby soldier ! ( emotionally , to baby ) do not try to be a hero ! just make sure you come back in one piece ! ( hand it off ) next ! formica ( use the interruption ) I will take you suggestion under advisement , princess . in the meanwhile -- Formica turn to go . bala General -- we have to talk sometime ! formica very well . carpenter , be there a convenient time to talk vis-a-vis : relationship ? carpenter actually , sir , we be ahead of schedule . we have thirty - six second available right now . formica outstanding . princess ...? bala 's a little faze ... but grab she chance . bala so , um ...how be you day ? what do you do ? formica ( scour he mind ) well ... ( that 's it ! ) I declare war ! bala ( sadly ) oh ...and I be afraid we have nothing in common ... carpenter ( under he breath ) fourteen - fifty hour , sir . formica duty call ! he stride across the floor . bala watch he go , she antennae droop unhappily . formica no squeak . outstanding ! we see through the now-open door into the throne - room as Formica and carpenter double - time out of the frame . the Queen see that bala be unhappy . queen ( sympathetically ) I feel the same way before I get marry . confused . scare . bala ( hopefully ) you do ? queen yes -- but I do my duty and sort out all that messy feeling . the wonderful thing about ant life be that everything be arrange . even marriage . you be lucky -- General Formica be a paragon of anthood . bala ( unconvince ) yes ...he 's wonderful ... the door swing shut on they -- revealing the two guard ant who be crushed in the wake of Formica 's exit . int . bala' quarter - day bala enter , follow by she handmaiden , who be in a state of giggle infatuation over Formica . bala be scowling as she leaf through a wedding catalogue . handmaiden # 1 ( swoon over General Formica ) the General 's body segment be so ... symmetrical . handmaiden # 2 ( giggle ) I would let he order I into battle anyday . bala hurl the swatch book against the wall . handmaiden # 1 princess ? what 's wrong ? bala wrong ? how could anything be wrong ? I be go to marry General Formica and be a queen and have million of baby , just like my mom . ( concerned ) do I look fat to you ? handmaiden # 2 ( knowingly , to handmaiden # 2 ) pre-wedd jitter . handmaiden # 1 you just need to blow off some steam . let 's go to the bar at the Royal Club ! bala the Club 's so stuffy . I want to try someplace different . handmaiden # 2 there be not anyplace else -- ( make a joke ) except the worker bar . bala the worker bar ! yes ! that 's where I want to go ! the handmaiden look shocked . handmaiden # 1 but -- we can not -- there will be worker there . int . ant bar - night a long bar fill with ant . the bar itself seem to stretch for mile , and there be hundred of ant try to get a drink ... unfortunately , there 's only one bartender . Z be at the bar with weaver , a burly ant soldier . Z we declare war again ? ( off weaver 's nod ) be you scared ? weaver ( shrug ) I will be back . the bartender , a grizzle veteran , slap down what look like a couple of large green beer mug . actually , they be aphid , little green critter he fill up from a number of keg hang from the ceiling . the keg be specialize ant with hugely distend stomach , which spray liquid into the aphid . aphid ( as they be slap on bar ) ouch ! ouch ! bartender two aphid beer . Z ( as bartender leave ) do you see that ? how he give you the beer , not I ? I be tell you , he 's get something against worker . weaver I do not know what you be talk about , Z. Z come on -- everybody dump on we worker . you soldier get all the glory . plus you get to go out into the world , meet interesting insect , and kill they . weaver yeah , but you get to spend all day with that fabulous worker babe . we can see that weaver be eyeing a nearby table of " Worker babe " , include Z 's friend azteca . Z weaver , they be career girl . they be obsessed with digging . ( sigh ) no , I will probably never meet the girl for I . weaver who say there be a girl for you ? I be talk about a girl for I . ( quaffing he aphid beer ) do not you want you aphid beer ? Z I can not help it . I have a thing about drink from the anus of another creature . call I crazy . weaver Z , we have know each other a long time , right ? Z of course . you be bear two second after I . weaver and all the time I have know you , you have be grump and groan . you should quit make wave . go with the flow . Z weaver , I be a insect , not a liquid . down the bar , there 's a commotion . a grizzle old scout ant have have too much to drink . drunk scout have you be to insectopia ? have you ? no , ya goddam larva ! but I have ... ( become emotional ) ... mosquitos and caterpillar and beetle -- all livin ' in peace , stuffin they gut with food ... no rule , no regulation ... you can be you own ant there ... ( howling drunkenly ) it 's insectopia ! insectopia ! Z hey , weaver , listen ! drunk scout I be cut off from my unit -- find it by mistake -- ( slurring ) it change my life ! ( spraying another soldier with saliva ) you see -- ya follow the great yellow egg , and you come to the land of red and white -- soldier you have have enough for one night ! come on , gramp , before you get in trouble . the soldier pull he from the bar , carry he out . Z ( excited ) hey , do you hear what he say ?! weaver poor guy 's have one too many scout mission . music start up . int . ant bar entrance - night princess bala be peer in at the entrance to the ant bar , accompany by she worried - look handmaiden . handmaiden # 2 we should not be do this -- it be not proper ! bala I be the princess , be not I ? handmaiden # 2 of course -- bala and do princess do improper thing ? handmaiden # 2 of course not -- bala then if I go to the worker bar , it be not improper . anyway , do not worry . no one will recognize we in we disguise . she adjust she " disguise " , a hardhat , tie down Jackie o. - style with a ant 's version of a chanel scarf . bala I be just a common worker , cool off after a rough day ! Music start . a ant barker take the mic at one end of the dance floor . barker ( on loudspeaker ) okay , folk . it 's six - fifteen , and that mean it 's time to dance . every ant get up to dance . weaver turn to Z . weaver ( drain he beer ) time to cut a rug , Z ! Z I be not in the mood . ( disgust ) even when they be off work , they follow order . weaver well , you just sit here and be a party - pooper . weaver join the rest of the ant who be lining up for the dance . the barker call out the step in a bored monotone -- all the ant already know the step . everyone dance in perfect synch . barker ( southern twang ) and a left-right - quarterstep - back step-halfstep -- a left-right - quarterstep - backstep - halfstep -- a left-right - quarterstep - backstep halfstep -- at the entrance , bala smile mischievously at she handmaiden . bala I be go to ask one of this mindless , primitive worker - type to dance with I ! handmaiden # 1 but General Formica would be furious ! bala ( enjoy the idea ) I know . the handmaiden be appal . bala whirl away from they , set she sight and search the crowd -- zeroing in on -- Z , who 's watch the other ant dance . Z what a bunch of loser . mindless zomby capitulate to a oppressive system -- bala wanna dance ? bala 's stand right there . Z be instantly smitten . Z I ?! yes !!! I mean -- ( regain suavosity ) just let I finish my beer . not break eye contact with bala , Z smile suavely . reaches suavely for a beer . suavely grab the candle in a glass jar off the bar . suavely singe he face . he play it off with a rakish little laugh . a bit apprehensive , bala head onto the floor . Z follow she . Z so uh -- how come I have not see you around here before ? bala ( cover up ) I work in the palace , I do not get out much . Z the palace , hunh ? I bet that royal really live it up . of course they be all a little , you know , from inbreed -- bala ( shocked ) what ? Z and bala step onto the dance floor with the rest of the ant , but Z can not do any of the step . Z now , let 's see , I -- it 's be a while since I -- I think you -- bala watch Z , try to follow along . it 's the blind lead the blind , as Z try in vain to follow the barker 's rapid instruction . Z here , I will lead . Z start do he own , individual dance . with a suave expression on he face , he lead bala in a helter - skelter mixture - of tango , Charleston , and hand -jive . bala be you sure this be a real dance ? Z well , actually , uh -- I be sort of make it up -- bala ( surprised ) really ? Z why should everyone dance the same way ? it 's as exciting as watch fungus grow . bala you be right ! Z ( surprised ) you -- you think I be right ? bala why can not I just do whatever I want to do ? why can not I just go wild ?! Yahoo ! bala start to get into it , make up she own step in reply to Z 's , loosen up , have fun . for a moment , the two of they be actually sexy together . then they get a little too wild -- and the other ant , who be still do they intricate dance , start to collide with bala and Z . Z almost knock over a big soldier ant . we can only see the ant 's back at the moment . soldier hey ! watch you step , worker . Z have turn around to see the soldier ant , major mandible , glaring at he . mandible be about twice Z 's size . he 's get one eye miss , and half of he leave antenna he be chew off . bala you watch yours , soldier , or my worker friend will beat you up ! Z ( terrify ) oh , that 's okay , I will let he off this time . ( whisper to bala ) be you crazy ? this guy 's build like a pebble ! ( ineptly try to placate the soldier ) you know they do great prosthetic antennas nowadays -- bala be not you gonna stand up for yourself ? Z 's catch between a rock and a hard place . he do not want to get beat up , but on the other hand , he do not want to lose face in front of bala . more soldier have gather around , look hostile . soldier how come you do not dance like the rest of we ? Z glance over at bala . then , shaking with nervousness , he say defiantly ... Z because -- because I be a individual ! soldier # 2 a individual ? never hear of it . mandible you look like a worker to I . weaver hey , lay off my little buddy ! Z , meanwhile , look far away , ecstatic , as if he 's just realize something very important . unfortunately , just at this moment , a soldier push weaver ... weaver push he back ... somebody make a dive for Z -- and before you know it , there 's a regular bar brawl go on , with weaver in the middle of it , crack head together , punch ant in the face , have a great time . just then , the princess ' handmaiden hurry over . handmaiden # 1 princess bala ! princess bala ! Z , who 's scrabbling around on the floor , overhear . Z princess ? you be a princess ? handmaiden # 2 the police be come ! bala uh oh. ( to Z ) Goodbye ! gotta run ! Z wait ! when can I see you again ? bala let I think . hmmnn ... ( think ) never . bye ! bala rush off with she handmaiden , just before a squad of whistle - blow police wade into the crowd . Z wait ! princess ! wait ! but she 's already go , leave Z hold she scarf . CUT to : int . dormitory - the next day Z be talk to weaver , who 's get ready to go off to war . nearby , column of ant soldier march by . weaver get real , Z ! she just drop the scarf by accident ! Z be you kid ? there be spark between we ! this scarf be a sign ! weaver it 's a sign that you be crazy ! do you know what the penalty for impersonate a soldier be ? Z what 's gonna go wrong ?! I take you place for the royal inspection . bala come strolling down the line , she see I -- bingo ! Love be rekindle , and she take I up to the palace for a little ... ( wag he eyebrow suggestively ) tea and crumpet ... and you take you place again , and go march around to you heart 's content ! weaver look unconvince . Z you have to help I . please , weaver . think of all the thing I have do for you ! weaver ( think ) I can not think of any . Z ( pause ) well I be gonna start do thing for you ... weaver will you introduce I to some worker girl ? Z you bet ! they will really go for a sensitive guy like you ! weaver maybe I will get lucky . ( weaver think about it ) you know , Z , I would not do this for anyone but you ... weaver hand Z have helmet . weaver wear this . Z ( overjoy ) you be a real buddy . weaver ( sourly ) yeah , I know . Z what do I do ? weaver do not tell anyone you be a worker . follow that column over there . and come right back after the inspection ! weaver point to a bunch of soldier hurry by in formation . Z ( overjoy ) thanks ! I owe you ! Z skip off and join the column , march in time with the soldier but too excited to keep from jazzing it up a little . int . town CENTER - night the ant army have gather in a huge hall in front of a review stand . we can hear the murmure of thousand of soldier -- but all we can see be a huge poster of a ant General point right at the camera . the poster read , " general formica want you -- to obey " . Z turn to some of the soldier near he . Z any of you guy know when the princess will show up ? she 's kind of a personal friend . the soldier look at Z like he 's nut . loud voice atten -shun ! martial music sound , and we hear thousand of ant foot as they snap to attention . Z imitate the soldier awkwardly . general formica strut to the middle 6 for the screen , slapping he thigh with a swagger stick ( the antenna of some unfortunate insect ) formica first of all , let I make one thing clear . nobody ever win a battle by think for himself . all this " think " stuff be a load of crap . if the almighty have want you boy to think , he would not have give you huge mandible and a brain so small you would misplace it if it be not trap inside you head . in the audience , Z start laugh -- he think Formica 's just make a joke . Z ( slapping he thigh ) " trapped inside you head " -- that 's a good one -- Z notice nobody else be laugh . he stop . Z geez -- tough room . from the stage , Formica be squinting at the audience , try to make out who be laugh , but there be just too many ant . he continue . formica ( stride back and forth ) we ant survive as a species because we do what we be tell . we survive because we work together , as one , we get the job do , we do whatever it take to persevere ! ( dramatic pause ) Hell , we be not a army of ant ... we be one giant ant , with giant fist , and giant jaw ! the soldier cheer ! Z cheer along with the rest of they . Z ( to the soldier ant next to he ) lay it on a little thick , do not he ? if you ask I , he 's one giant bore . formica now I have hear a lot of scuttlebutt about a food shortage . well you boy be gonna be take care of . but in the meantime we be gonna eat the enemy for breakfast , we be gonna eat the enemy for lunch , and we be gonna eat the enemy for dinner ! Z geez , and I forget my toothbrush . formica ( reflective moment ) dammit , I be proud to be a ant . ( he look out at he army ) and I know each and every one of you boy will do you duty . dismiss . Z applaud and whistle as the other ant look at he in confusion . Z ( clap ) bravo ! bring on the princess ! colonel Stow the gab there , soldier ! let 's move them out ! the soldier turn to the right and start to march out past the review stand . a colonel march at the head of Z 's column as Z look around for the princess . colonel eye ... leave ! finally , as Z 's part of the army march past the end of the review stand , he see she , look bored , stand next to the Queen , who be give the royal wave . Z ( wave ) princess ! princess bala ! hey ! it 's I ! Z! I have get you scarf ! on the reviewing stand , bala see Z -- that be to say , she see one of the thousand upon thousand of ant march by ... bala ( peer out ) who be that idiot ? queen darling , you must encourage the troops -- wave ! bala wave unenthusiastically , little more than flopping she hand back and forth on she wrist . down below , Z take this as a sign that bala have see he . Z ( excited ) Excuse I , guy -- that 's my date . well , it 's be fun . have a great war ! Z try to squeeze he way back towards the royal , but he 's surround by a solid wall of soldier -- and they be carry he along with they . Z hey ! wait ! Z lose sight of the princess as he 's carry away . barbatus , a hard - as-nail " grunt " soldier ant , tap Z on the shoulder . barbatus you new , kid ? Z I just join up . but I be quit ! I get a trial membership ! barbatus Trial membership ? kid , when you join this ant 's army , you be in for the full hitch . at that moment , Z be sweep out of the cramped corridor they have be march along , as the army emerge into the OPEN AIR outside of the colony . ext . ant mound - night it 's a starry , moonlit night . the shadow crowd around the panicked Z , who look up at the sky as we see the army on the march ... Z wait a minute , there 's be a mistake ! I have get to get back to the colony ! Z start to fall out of line , but barbatus , look concerned , stop he . barbatus be you crazy , kid ? they shoot deserter ! Z swallow hard . barbatus you just stick by old barbatus . he will watch out for you . ( off Z 's look ) whatsamatter , kid ? leave a girl behind ? Z yeah . well -- no . she 's kind of play hard to get . as a matter of fact , she 's play completely unattainable . ( nervously ) so , what 's on the schedule ? a brisk walk ? a forage expedition ? barbatus no -- we be go to attack the termite ! Z ( alarmed ) attack ? but -- I hate attack ! it 's so hostile ! around Z and barbatus , the ant start up a march song , which we intersperse with dialogue between barbatus and Z to form a montage / time - cut as the ant army march on to the termite capital . ant soldier ( to the tune of " when johnny come march Home " ) we ant go march one by one , hurrah , hurrah ! we slaughter termite just for fun , hurrah ! hurrah ! Z so -- this termite , they be little , shy , retire insect ? barbatus ( grim smile ) no such luck . that dirty term be five time bigger than we , and they shoot acid from they forehead ! soldier ant we ant go march two by two , hurrah ! hurrah ! we will all be dead before we be through , hurrah ! hurrah ! montage shot of a ant column march diagonally across the screen , fade into another column march diagonally downward across the screen ... Z well , what exactly do we platoon do ? serve beverage ? process paperwork ? barbatus we platoon have the best assignment of all . we be the first into battle ! ant soldier we ant be march three by three , hurrah ! hurrah ! Dead ant be what we soon will be , hurrah ! hurrah ! ... montage shot of Z 's column crossing a bridge compose of live ant -- all of whom look extremely uncomfortable as they be get step on ... Z so we be go back for more armor , right ? I mean , this guy be from outer space , how be we suppose to beat they ?! barbatus Superior number , kid ! ext . terrain near termite stump - night Z look up to see ... loom high above they ... the termite CITY , which be build in the stump of a dead tree . from here it look like a demonic mount Fuji . the colonel ant shout a order . colonel attaaaaaaaaack !!! the front line of ant start rush towards the termite colony ... Z be sweep along ... barbatus over the tooooooooooooo -op !!! Z be sweep along and up the side of the stump as thousand of ant invade the colony through every possible entrance . up...over the lip of the stump ... and down inside , to the very middle of the termite colony ... into a disquietingly peaceful scene . they be in the middle of the hollow - out trunk , and ant keep pour in -- but there 's not a termite to be see . barbatus look around suspiciously . barbatus it 's too damn quiet . then we hear a strange tapping noise . barbatus look over , and see that Z 's tooth be chatter with fear . barbatus do not be scared , kid . barbatus 's get yer back . Z ( petrify ) maybe they go out for the evening . let 's leave they a message and head home . colonel ( ignore he ) Light it up ! a nearby soldier ant take a firefly out of he knapsack and pinch he . the firefly , yell " yipe ! yipe ! yipe ! " , shoot into the air like a flare , lighting up the interior of the stump with eery , shifting luminescence . then we notice , hollow into the inside of the stump like innumerable pockmark , termite hole stare out upon the stump ... and , with a unearthly roar , we see the first of hundred of termite emerge to pour into the center of the tree , right onto the ant army . colonel they be here !!! barbatus ( to Z ) keep you head down ! within moment , Z find himself in the middle of a bloodbath . the ant have break into the colony , but be take heavy loss from the gigantic , blind , acid-spew termite . the battle scene be as sprawling and chaotic as something out of braveheart . in a few quick shot from Z 's perspective , we see : -- a squad of ant rush towards a termite soldier , but be literally melt into smoking heaps of flesh by a jet of acid from its forehead ... -- a termite warrior be overwhelm by a crowd of ant and be pull to piece with hideous rip sound ... -- another termite warrior take on a ant soldier one on one and slowly crush he head in he huge jaw ... Z ( look around ) guy ! guy ! it be not too late for all of we to just talk this over ! just then , a termite burst up from the ground and turn to face Z . Z be dwarf by this hulk , roaring , drool monstrosity . Z wait ! please ! acid make I come out in spot ! -- could I just say I have always have the great respect for you species ? I mean , eat wood -- why do not I think of that ? I -- the termite rear , get ready to melt Z , when oof ! he 's knock backwards by ... Z barbatus ! you -- you save my life ! barbatus do not get all sappy about it ! as barbatus and some other soldier kill the termite , the Colonel stride up to Z , puffing on a cigar . colonel I love the smell of formic acid in the morning . Z look out ! a stream of termite acid engulf the colonel , instantly burn he to a cinder clutching a still - burn cigar ; Z 's paratroop buddy turn in terror to see a herd of termite rumbling towards they . Z , terrify , dive into the hole that the huge termite make ... int . termite tunnel - night ... and tumble headlong into a corridor of the termite mound . the corridor here be primitive , caveman-like , pock with jag access hole . no sooner have Z land in the tunnel than a termite come burrow out from one of the side wall , snap at Z 's head . Z just avoid get decapitate , and dig straight through the wall in order to escape ... int . termite queen' chamber - night ... straight into the hub of the entire termite complex -- the Queen 's chamber . this be nothing like the civilized court of the ant colony -- it 's a huge , stinking , fetid dungeon whose wall be hold up by one massive ( to Z ) column of pile stone . the termite queen , a repulsive , slimy , squirming , foot - long monster , be attend by a crew of diminutive , blind termite nurse . the queen turn to look Z right in the eye . Z Excuse I . I seem to be lose , and I be wonder if you could give I -- before Z can say , " direction " , the queen give out a pierce , blood-curdling shriek . the nurse start shriek too . Z ( back away ) I will let myself out . but the queen 's shriek have summon a soldier termite -- the biggest one we have see yet -- who be charge headlong at Z , jaw snap open and shut like huge scissors . Z ( back away ) shoo ! -- torro ! torro ! at the last moment , Z jump out of the way -- and the termite run headfirst into the support column of the chamber . as if on a spring release , the termite 's jaw clamp shut -- and shatter the base of the column . the wall of the room begin to rumble ... the termite turn to eat Z ... but be crush by a stone fall from the ceiling , which give a final shudder and collapse , raining earth and stone down on the queen . as the wall of the chamber crumble , mele of ant and termite pour into the room from the corridor around and above ... they keep struggle until ... ant officer ( point at Z ) he 's kill they Queen ! Z hey , I be sorry , it be a mistake -- ant officer victory !!! we can see that the termite warrior , deprive of they leader , be suddenly confuse and directionless , easy prey for the ant . Z ( facetious ) this be terrific ! let 's exact crippling war reparation ! let 's set up a puppet government ! ant officer let 's slaughter they all ! the ant set about kill the disorient termite when ... we hear another rumble come from the outside ... the ant look up confusedly ... ... and a ( from the ant 's point of view ) five - hundred foot long tongue burst through the top of the chamber with a crash . the ten or so ant stand directly below be smashed by the tongue , which squirt out a spray of saliva around the crater . as quick as it appear , the tongue retract , with a hideous sluuurping sound . we can now see the end of the snout of a ant -eater poke through a hole in the ceiling high above ... ant officer incoming ! the tongue come down again , smash some more ant , whose body be slurped up by the tongue ... the ant scatter , but to no avail , as the tongue come smash down again and again ... Z head into a side corridor as the tongue smashes down again , barely miss he ! Z retreat along the corridor as the tongue search for he , across the tunnel from intersect access -tunnel , get closer and closer to Z , drag more and more scream ant and struggle termite ... .... then the tongue disappear . silence . Z wipe he brow ... and we hear a thunderous sniffing noise as the anteater search for more prey ... and the tongue start rumbling down the corridor right towards Z , the tip squirming as it ricochet along the wall ! Z get up and run , the tongue lap towards he , reminiscent of the stone sphere that nearly crush Indiana Jones in raider of the lose ark ! the wall disintegrate under the pressure of the tongue , which get closer to Z...closer ... ... and just miss he as Z tumble out of the stump and down to the ground ... Z sit there , daze , as we see the huge form of the anteater withdraw its tongue and , with a final content burp , shuffle off into the distance . ext . termite stump - morning Z make he way across the corpse-strewn battlefield , a expression of horror on he face . barbatus ( o.s. ) Z! over here ! Z ( hopeful ) barbatus ? Z look down at he foot , where barbatus 's still - live , decapitate head be look up at he . Z ( shocked ) barbatus ! barbatus be honest , kid -- be I hurt bad ? Z no , no , you be ... lookin ' good . you have get good color in you cheek . barbatus no -- I can see it in you eye . I be a goner . it 's alright , Z . in this ant 's army , a soldier 's life be not worth a sack of fungus . ( he wince ) I can not feel my leg ... Z hang in there , buddy ! you can make it ! just -- take deep breath , I will try and find you body -- it 's gotta be around here somewhere ! barbatus ( gasp ) I wonder ... what ... be it all ...for ... Z barbatus , hang on -- barbatus !! barbatus do not make my mistake , kid ... do not ... be a grunt ... you whole life ... barbatus die , leave Z heartbroken . CUT to : int . early mega - tunnel - day weaver be " pass " as a worker , work alongside much smaller worker ant . he actually love the work . he 's throw up dirt like a bulldozer . he 's so enthusiastic , he scoops up a whole ant in he shovel and toss he aside . azteca , who 's stand next to he in line , be shocked by , and a little attract to , this turbo-worker . azteca hey , slow it down , big boy . you be make the rest of we look bad ... how come I have not see you around here before ? weaver ( cover ) I be new ... I be bear yesterday . azteca tell I about it . weaver nobody tell I digging be so much fun ! you pick up the dirt , you move it , you pick it up again , you move it again -- lot of repetition , you exercise the forcep , and the pincer -- azteca ( ogling he ) mmm , yes , I see what you mean ... while azteca be check out the hunky new worker , work have effectively stop ... clod be pile up behind weaver . a Foreman come stride down the line , furious . foreman what 's the holdup here ?! weaver whip he shovel up to he shoulder and salute , as if he 's deal with a superior officer . weaver sorry , sir -- I be just have a little chat with my friend -- foreman ( yell at weaver ) who say you could have a chat ? you be not a chatter , you be a digger ! so shut up and dig ! azteca leave he alone ! he 's new . foreman you too ? well just for that , you lose you day 's ration ! now get back to work ! the Foreman head down the line , shove and berate the other worker as he go along . azteca ( surprised at herself ) I do not know what come over I , talk back like that . I must be go crazy ... weaver sorry I get you in trouble . but listen , you can share my ration . azteca ( flirt ) be you ask I out to dinner ? weaver ( blush ) no -- I mean yes -- I mean -- if you do not have other plan . azteca I will make myself available ... listen , better watch out with the backtalk . I do not know want you to end up like the guy who use to work next to I . I be afraid he get ... downsize . ext . ant mound - day some guard ant be look out across the sandy main entrance to the hive . guard ant look ! they be back ! the army 's back ! alert the colony ! the other ant start ringing a bell , rush down into the colony . CUT to : int . town CENTER - day a huge crowd be form , eager to welcome the army back . a band be strike up a triumphant victory song , confetti and streamer be be throw , as General Formica stride in , follow by carpenter . excite ant the army 's return ! we brave boy be back ! ( etc . ) everyone wave little flag as the tuba player oompah-oompah - oompah ... ... and Z walk into the hall , look bedraggle and exhaust , he helmet hang over he ear . the band slow to a halt . at the edge of the crowd , azteca , sit on weaver 's shoulder , can just about see over the crowd . azteca it look like only one soldier make it back ! weaver look distraught . weaver ( to himself ) poor Z -- I should never have let you go ! Far down the hall , Z be describe the battle . Z it be horrible ... a massacre , a massacre upon a massacre . first we massacre they , then they massacre we , then it be halftime . I have never see such violence , such bloodthirstiness , such bad manners ... I be the only one that make it ! the atmosphere be somber . this be a tough one to try and put a spin on ... but that do not stop Formica from try . formica one to nothing ! we win ! the band strike up again , and everyone cheer . Z no -- you -- you do not understand ! formica damn , I be proud of you , boy . I wish I have a hundred ant of you caliber . the world would tremble . now , time for some R and R. you be invite to the royal victory party ! Z Royal victory party ? will ... will princess bala be there ? formica of course . the entire royal family will be there to honor you . Z ( think ) one to nothing ! renewed cheer , as Z be lift onto the shoulder of some of the soldier who stay behind . azteca wait a minute , that 's no soldier -- that 's Z ! weaver Z ? we Z ? the little guy make it ! Z be follow Formica away from the cheer crowd . ext . above town CENTER - day Z and Formica be go up the royal " stairway " together . formica Son , you be a ant after my own heart . a warrior . a ant that look death right in the face and laugh . Z well , I generally just make belittling comment and snicker behind death 's back . so , tell I , fellow war-monger ... do you think princess bala like man in uniform ? formica well she better -- she 's engage to one . I ! Z engage ? as in you be get marry ? formica affirmative . Z so ... you two be in love ? formica in love ? ( shake he head ) I be just a plain old soldier at heart . I will tell you what I love -- the field -- blood -- death -- order ... and the company of other warrior . Formica give Z a manly slap on the back . Z look a little uncomfortable as we ... CUT to : int . throne room - day Z follow Formica and carpenter into the throne room . at the end of the hall , a society band be play . the room be full of courtier ant and officer . waiter be glide around hold trays of hor d'ouevre . Z wow , what a spread -- you know , there 's a food shortage in the rest of the colony . formica yes , and do you know why there 's a food shortage ? Z ... not enough food ? formica negatory . too many ant . and while we soldier go out there , and fight , and bleed , and die for the colony , the namby - pamby worker live it up back home . feeling a little hot , Z wipe he brow . Z well I , I do not think " live it up " be the right term -- how about " work themselves to death " ? formica I tell you son , sometimes , at night , I see myself in battle , fight a horrible , faceless enemy , with the future of we whole species at stake . and always , the dream end with each of we plunging he sword into the other 's heart ... Z ( spook ) oh , hey , that 's great , I think I see a old war buddy over there , it 's be fun chat . good luck with the hallucination . Z escape from Formica , who gaze after he suspiciously . Z mingle in with the crowd , then he see princess bala stand with a group of officer who be eat hor d'oeuvre . officer ( tell a joke ) what do you call it when 10,000 worker be kill in a tunnel cave - in ? ( a beat ) who care ? they be worker ! the officer laugh , but bala look bored in this stuffy social scene . Z but ... do not you think the worker class be the very foundation of the colony -- ( realize he 's get odd look ) I mean , uh , without they , who would we stand on ? more laughter . bala you be the hero of the recent termite campaign , be not you ? Z well , if single - handedly vanquish the enemy and slaughtering a whole nestful of termite make someone a hero , yes I be . Z reach for a tray of canape that a waiter be carry by , and knock the whole thing clatter to the ground . Z ( feign nonchalance ) and you be ...? bala I be princess bala . Z ah , yes. ( affect ) well , charme , I be sure . so , princess , have you ever dance with a hero ? bala yes . Z ( deflate ) oh ...oh well then , one more will not matter . she move towards the dance floor . Z spit-comb he antennae , strut after she -- until he trip on he sword . he tumble , fall , but hop to he foot just as bala turn toward he , turn it into a ballet ply . Z just warming up ... she frown ... there 's something familiar about this guy . but then they start dance . across the room : the Queen and General Formica watch the party . queen all this party be so marvellously alike . formica they should be ... ( suspicious ) but there 's something funny about that soldier . Formica stride over to where Z and bala be dance . formica ( glower ) May I cut in ? Z ( intimidate ) oh , of course -- bala ( pull Z back ) no , General . I be dance with the war hero . Z ( try to placate Formica ) uh , sorry , General , I ... I have always have this animal magnetism , it -- bala yank Z back onto the dance floor , dance away from Formica . bala you dance ... Z divinely ? bala no weirdly ... you remind I of someone ... Formica catch bala 's eye . she frown at he , and decide to get a little shocking . bala he be swarthy ... primitive ... earthy ... sensual . as she say this thing , Z try to act accordingly . bala he be a worker . I dance with he at a worker 's bar just the other day . I be not shocking you , be I ? Z ( proudly ) no ... as a matter of fact ... bala ( shocked ) oh my GOD , it's you ! you 're a worker !!! a filthy , stupid , disgusting worker ! everybody gasp . the dance stop cold . Z gee , uh , could you say it a little louder , I think there be some ant in the next colony who do not hear you . bala I can't dance with a worker ! Z ( offended ) that 's not what you say the other night -- bala ( now she 's panicked ) quiet -- sshhh !! Z ( digging it in ) -- at the worker bar ! you be pretty hot to trot then ! bala sshh !!! sshh !!! a livid Formica be stalking over towards they . formica ( furious ) what 's this ? a worker have be masquerade as a war hero ?! Z well it be not a masquerade , really , it be more what I would call a clever ruse -- formica arrest he ! Z can not we all settle this like adult -- we be not larvae anymore -- angry officer begin to surround Z , who hide behind bala in fear , use she as a shield . queen oh my god ! he 's take she hostage ! Z no I be not -- I mean -- nobody move ! or the princess get it ! people shout and scream , as Z back up with the princess ... into the kitchen . int . kitchen - day Z back up into the kitchen , still pull bala along with he . here , ant chef be prepare food for the party , vomit little floret onto a platter . Formica and the soldier follow they in . Z ( to Formica ) stay back , you lunatic ! do you think I do not know how to use this ? Z realize that he 's point he finger at they . Z uh-oh . the officer rush for ... and Z , with bala in tow , fall backwards into a open mark , " garbage " . ext . ant mound - day hold on : the garbage chute exit . nothing happen for a moment . then -- from a distance , we hear the faint sound of scream , dopplere closer -- -- and then Z and bala come fly out of the exit , right into the mud , cut off the scream abruptly . bala sit up , coat in mud . Z be nowhere to be see . because she 's on top of he . princess this be thoroughly unacceptable ! Z you be tell I ... she get up and run back towards the colony entrance , where soldier be already issue to get she ... bala I be come ! I be come ! but ... just as bala 'a about to be rescue ... what look like a gigantic laser beam sweep along the rim of the colony , sizzling the ground as it move along ... and ignite the lead soldier into flame ! bala look stunne . Z watch in horror as another soldier ant be fried , and we look up to see a gigantic magnifying glass casting the beam ... we can just about make out the huge , grotesque figure ( a seven year old kid ) hold it . bala , who have no idea what 's really go on , turn from the colony and run the other way . bala I be go ! I be go ' ... unfortunately , this draw the fire of the laser , which follow after she in what look like a strafing run , sizzling in she footstep . Z , who 's run towards the princess , suddenly realize that he 's run towards certain doom ... and join bala in legging it away from the colony ; under a brown leaf , which burst into flame ... between the redwood - like stalk of some flower ... and finally into the relative safety of some grass ... where they throw themselves on the ground , exhaust . CUT to : ext . weed clump - day Z and bala dust themselves off . bala what be that thing ? Z how should I know ? bala I order you to find out where we be ! Z alright , alright , I will try to get direction from one of the local . Z try to flag down some pass bee . Z Excuse I , I -- ( it pass he by ; he try the next ) pardon I -- ( same response ) and they call they social insect . bala climb up that tree and get a better view ! bala point to a thin blade of grass . gingerly , Z test the grass and start climb up it ... but he weight bend it , so that he 's lower back to the ground , face to upside - down face with bala . bala I have be kidnap by the village idiot . Z who 's the bigger idiot -- the idiot who get kidnap , or the idiot who let herself get kidnap by the idiot ? bala how dare you speak to I like that ? I be the princess ! Z square up with she . Z theoretically , yes . but be the monarchical hierarchy applicable without the underlying social structure to support it ? bala of course ! it define society ! to deny the precept be to say that order be a arbitrary distinction apply by the society itself ! Z but can there be a society compose of just two ant ? bala no ! there 's no such thing as " just two ant . " you never see just two ant -- you see a million ant ! Z look around , sweetheart . she look around . she do not like what she see . she glower at Z. bala I -- hate -- you . Z well I guess that make we even . bala ha ! do not make I laugh . you be crazy about I ! that 's why you lie and cheat to get near I ! Z oh come on , you be the one who come after I -- the swarthy , earthy , sensual worker ! bala ( repulse ) I be slumming it ! I dance with you because you be the most pathetic specimen in the place ! Z be that the same standard you use to choose General Formica ? bala I do not choose he . what kind of idiot would ... ( unconvincingly ) ... choose who she want to marry ? she shake herself out of it . bala now , worker , you shall take I back to the colony , and have you head cut off and stick on a sharp pole ! Z well , that 's a appeal offer , but ... consider the option ... ( he decide ) you go back . I , I be go to insectopia . bala insectopia ? you stupid worker , that 's just a fairy tale ! Z yeah , well I have it on a reliable source ... ( he know that be maybe stretch it ) that it exist . now you follow the yellow egg ... ( look around ) that direction . bala Worker ! come back here now ! Z I have get a name . it 's Z. bala that 's not a name ! that 's just a letter ! Z , meanwhile , hit the road . bala have no idea of where to go . just then , the scariness of the outside world come through to she . we start hearing noise -- the equivalent of scary jungle sound in a tarzan movie -- the hissing , croaking , chirrup ... bala see eye look out at she from all direction ... and spot a colossal monster ( a sparrow ) fix she with he beady gaze . bala ( clear she throat ) Worker ? ( no response ... louder now ) oh worker ? where be you ? ( get desperate ) Z? Z ? wait for I !!! bala head off after Z. int . mega - tunnel - day the mass of worker ant be swinging pick - axe in the tunnel . the foreman move up the line , berate the worker , yell at they to dig faster . azteca I tell ya , I be gettin ' sick of bein ' yell at . worker # 1 what do you want , we be just worker . weaver you know , you be not just worker -- you can be whatever you want to be ! look at Z ! he start as a worker -- then he become a soldier ! azteca that 's right ! he slaughter hundred of termite single - handedly ! worker # 2 I hear about this guy . ( turn to the other worker ) he crash a party at the palace . then he take a hike with one of the royal babe ! and when they try to stop he , he just look at a couple 'a guard , and they burst into flame ! worker ant # 1 you be nut , how could a worker do all that ? weaver well , because he 's more than a worker ... he 's a ... what do he call it , azteca ... azteca invisible ! weaver no -- a individual ! worker # 2 what 's that ? weaver well , it 's ... someone with he own point of view ... someone who do what he want , not whatever he 's tell to do ! azteca ( eye light up , watch weaver ) someone who follow he heart ! weaver ( take azteca 's hand ) right ... because every ant 's important ! worker # 2 ( scoff ) but that would mean I be important . worker # 1 I be outta here , this sound like trouble to I . but more ant be gather ' round . weaver we can all be individual ! just like Z! weaver and azteca hold hand . more ant be gather around , drop they tool ... ext . bike path - day long shot . a glimmer desert landscape ( think of " the Sun 's anvil " in lawrence of Arabia ) . two small figure can be see , tiny dot move across the arid whiteness . they're bala and Z , who be crossing a concrete path in the park , which they perceive to be a " desert " . bala Water ... water ... Z Water ... water -- oh , you already say that . bala ( walk along ) my skin 's dry , my exoskeleton be crack ... I wish I would never meet you , you ruin my life . Z I ruin you life ? look , I be perfectly happy until I meet you -- alright , I be miserable , but I be happily miserable . over Z 's line , we can see a gigantic wheel , get larger and larger and head right towards they , a gigantic wheel ( the front wheel of a bicycle which be head right towards they ) . bala look out ! bala push Z out of the way just as the wheel roll past with a cacophonous crunching , grinding noise -- like a gigantic millwheel . bala we be go to die ! Z come on -- it 's go ! what be the chance of that happen again ? no sooner have he say it than the rear wheel of the bike thunder past . Z well I will be . bala notice that they be clutching one another in fear ; she push he away . bala why do not I listen to my mother ... why would I have to go look for trouble ? any ant would have give they leave leg to be in my position ... what 's wrong with I ? Z want a list ? bala ( urgent ) wait , I hear something ! we can , in fact , hear a low , musical plunk .. there 's a pause and then we can hear it again ... Z and bala walk over a rocky " dune " ( the soft shoulder of the path ) . Beyond , the grass start up again . they have come to the end of the " desert " ( i.e. the other side of the path ) through the blade of grass , we can see ... Z it 's ... it 's ... bala water !!! ext . lake - day a lake ( a puddle ) stretch before they . it be , in fact , the overflow of a drink - fountain whose drain be jamme ... as Z and bala run to the lake , water dribble from the fountain and into one edge of the pool ( to the ant , it 's a waterfall ) . bala and Z run to the edge of the water and start slurping . they smile at each other , until they remember that they do not like each other . Z this lake be huge ! and so close to the colony ! think of the vacation potential ! bala cut I down a soft leaf so I can take a nap . Z listen , " princess " , you can not order I around . out here , you be not the boss anymore -- out here , you be just -- -- but before he can finish , a water droplet from the fountain fall on he . it may not sound like much , but to Z it 's as though a ten-foot diameter sphere of jello have engulf he . Z 's stick inside because of the surface tension of the droplet , which do not burst , just quiver up and down . Inside , Z be slowly , frantically drown and scream for help . but he scream be muffle in the water . bala ( annoyed ) out here I be just what ? Z ( through the water ) hlllllllp ! bala ( hand on hip ) stop fool around in there . by now the droplet have start roll , and Z be be turn upside - down . he manage to get one foreleg out of the droplet , and , in a frantic attempt to pull himself out , pull bala in by the leg . bala let I go !!! but it 's too late -- they be now both stick in the droplet , and , as Z continue to drow , he also have to deal with bala yell at he -- though we can not hear exactly what it . be she 's yell through the water . then , have run out of air , she too start thrashing , alternately try to swim and try to slap he as Z try to defend himself . finally all this commotion be enough to make the droplet burst , spilling the two cough , sputtering , drench ant onto the ground . they both lie there , miserable , wet , and cold . bala ( chant to herself ) I be go to be rescue soon . I be go to be rescue soon . I be go to be rescue soon . Z watch she incredulously . Z princess , have it ever occur to you that they be not go to rescue you ? bala General Formica will not let I die out here . I be he fiancee . Z look . how many other princess be there ? bala five thousand three hundred and ninety -- no . about five thousand four hundred by now . Z and only you can become a Queen ? bala well ...no , but -- Z so what make you so special ? bala ( hesitates ) well ... I be the oldest . bala turn from Z . she 's think thing over , realization dawn on she . bala by three second ... she look out into the grass forest . bala ( to herself ) you be right . there be as many princess ... as there be blade of grass . Z , overhear she , slowly put he hand on she shoulder . int . mega - tunnel - day Formica and carpenter be walk into the entrance of the tunnel with a squad of soldier . formica dammit , this tunnel be priority a - 1 ! we can not afford any delay on this project ! carpenter I have never see anything like it , General , they be they be ... well , look ! ahead of they , a group of a few hundred worker have stop work and be sit down , chant ... worker ant Z! Z! Z! Z! a worker move forward to join the striker , toss down he tool . foreman ( yell at he ) where do ya think you be go ? get back to work ! worker # 1 buzz off , I be important ! ( join the other ) Z! Z! Z! Z! at the center of the group , weaver and azteca be hold hand , lead the chant . formica notice the big one , hold hand with the female ? carpenter well , uh , who notice worker , sir ? formica ( calculate ) no one should have to . have he bring to I . int . formica's chamber - night a nervous weaver be sit across from Formica , flanke by a couple of stoic guard . carpenter stand smile by the side door . there be no obvious threat to weaver , but the atmosphere be truly intimidating . formica so this Z...he fancy himself a individual ? weaver yeah ... I mean ... well ... I do not know , really , sir . formica ( patronize ) well now you have not fall for this silly idea of individuality , have you ? weaver oh , no , sir ! formica good . you be a good soldier . weaver thank you , sir . weaver begin to relax a bit . formica so tell I . where 's Z ? weaver I ... I have no idea , sir . formica okay , son . he pat weaver on the shoulder . formica we know what make a ant colony strong , do not we ? we know that no ant can be a individual . no single ant matter , right ? weaver ( enthusiastically ) that 's correct , sir ! formica ( point at a guard ) not that one . ( another guard ) or that one . weaver no , sir ! Formica nod at carpenter , who smile and open a door . two soldier walk in , hold azteca . the color drain from weaver 's face . formica ( calmly , with satisfaction ) or that one ? her life do not matter , do it ? azteca do not tell that tightass anything , weaver ! weaver start to get up , but the guard behind he hold he down . weaver wait ! just let she go ! Z's long go anyway , follow some golden egg to insectopia ! you will never catch he ! Formica 's face light up . formica insectopia , hunh ?... see why individuality be so dangerous ? it can always be use against you . ( to the guard ) if this sissy here want to dig , he will dig . send they both back to the tunnel project . double they workload . the guard exit with weaver and azteca . formica what do we have on this " insectopia " ? carpenter scatter report , sir . rumor . nothing reliable . formica desperate time call for desperate measure . get I ant team six . carpenter ( frighten ) ant team six ... ext . grass jungle - day Z and bala be lose , wander through the grass bala ( look hopeless ) I swear , we have pass this blade of grass three time . Z keep march on . bala face it , Z , we be lose ! we must have walk halfway across the world by now ! how do I get into this mess ... Z ( too shy to look at she ) come on ... tell I there be not just a little ... something between we that first night at the bar . the night we dance . bala ( sadly ) what difference do it make ... we be both go to starve to death , or get squish , or set on fire ... but Z be just gawk . the shot expands to show that they have stumble onto ... Z ... the land of red and white ... ext . false insectopia - day a picnicground ... a red and white picnic blanket , which to the ant look like a vast , undulate pavilion , stretch before they . they gaze up at two obelisk : a salt and pepper shaker . behind that be a gigantic tupperware jar full of potato salad , and sandwich stack high . it all look perfect , with the clean line and monumental proportion of fascist architecture . in fact , it look a little too perfect . Z we have find it ! insectopia ! look at all this food ' bala ( amaze ) you be right ... you be right ! ( smile happily ) Z , it 's beautiful ! Z let 's dig in ! Z go over to a gigantic sandwich , but -- booiii ! -- he 's prevent from get at it by the saran wrap cover it . Z there 's - there 's some kind of force field ! bala join he , labor against the saran wrap . then both of they hear laughter from above . male wasp ( o.s. ) ( lockjaw accent ) muffy , look , party - crasher . female wasp ( o.s. ) ( laugh ) they be simply too much , chip ! bala and Z look up to see two large , yellow wasp hover in the air above they . the husband and wife wasp have lockjaw , William f. buckleyesque accent . male wasp ( to Z and bala ) you down there , have not you ever be to a picnic ? Z hunh ? female wasp habla ingle ? ( to male wasp ) well I really do not know who they be . Z we be ant ! the male wasp zoom in closer . male wasp poopsie , we know some ant , do not we ? ( to Z ) be you related to the fifth Avenue ant ? female wasp darling , do you have to talk to any insect from off the street ? male wasp just be friendly , poopsie . bala hello ? I be not just " any insect " . my mother be the queen. ( momentously ) I be princess bala ! male wasp ( under he breath ) they be eurotrash , dear . we hear a loud rumbling noise -- the family be about to sit down for they picnic lunch . gigantic hand reach down and pull away the " force field " . male wasp lunch ! ( to Z ) a little piece of advice , sport -- bob and weave ! Bob and weave ! bala what do you mean ? male wasp well -- like my father use to say -- there 's no such thing as a free meal ! the wasp dive in to the picnic , darting in for a bite , and then dash away again ... the wasp Excuse I -- I will have some potato salad -- thank - you ! -- do not mind if I do ! after you ! ( etc . ) -- but all be not well . we pull back to reveal that Z and bala be stand in front of a giant sneaker logo , which be attach to a giant sneaker . which move . Z I sort of imagine insectopia a little differently -- just at that moment , we hear a whistling in the air -- and the female wasp be crush by a huge swatter that sweep out of the sky , send the picnic blanket billow up in a aftershock that throw bala and Z to the ground . bala oh...my ... God . male wasp ( shaking she ) muffy ! muffy ! wake up ! but she do not move . the male wasp stare up at the sky . male wasp ( heartbroken ) whyyyyyyyyyyyyy ???? but Z , also look up , have no time to commiserate . Z bala , look out !! they be only save by the fact that they be so small - . the hole of the swatter pass over they . the woman , realize that the swatter will not work on ant , throw it to the side and try stomping on they ... before bala can get away , a sneaker fall on she with a thunderous boom that shake the ground . bala mmmffllmmm ... the shoe rise , as the person wear it step away ... and we see that bala be stick in one of the ridge of the waffle - sole sneaker , adhere to a big piece of bubblegum ! bala Z! help I !!! but bala be carry off on the sneaker in a huge , looping , ferris-wheel - like motion . boom . the sneaker on which bala be stick fall again , as the woman try to step on Z , too -- Z bala ! ( mournfully ) I will never see she again ... -- but he do , instantly , as the shoe rise again , show bala stick deeper in the bubblegum -- bala Z !!! get I out of heeeeere ! -- the woman have decide to walk away from the picnic to get the bubblegum off she shoe ... Z heart sink as the shoe bala 's stick on lope off into the distance ... Z ( think ) this thing always come in twos ... he see a second shoe start to rise -- Z take I to you leader ! Z run towards the shoe as it rise ... and at the last moment catch on to the snaky , swinging shoe-lace . Z whoooooooaaaa !!! the sneaker lift off into the air , with Z hold on for dear life to the lace , and get further and further away from bala as he 's draw to a vertiginous height ... the landscape can be see roll and pitching crazily in the background ... Z bala ! come back here ! for a moment , the sneaker seem to pause in the air ... then it descend again , in a stomach - churn , roller - coaster free - fall as the sneaker on which bala be stick rise up again ... bala Z !!!!!!! I be stick ! -- but Z be try to keep he lunch down as he descend . the sneaker hit the ground , and Z can feel himself again ... it 's now or never . Z ( tarzan whoop ) aa-ee-ya-ee -yaaaaaaaah !!!!!!! as the sneaker rise again , he swing off the lace , hurtle through the air and catch one of the lace of bala 's sneaker ... the momentum swing he up and under the sole ... bala Z ! you be here ! Z get smashed into the bubblegum next to bala . now he 's stick too . Z ( ruefully ) yeah . I be here . the sneaker descend again . Z and bala hold hand and scream as they see the ground rise too meet they ... thud ! they be squish deeper into the bubblegum . the sneaker rise again ... bala ( emotional ) Z... if we do not make it ... I just want you to know .... Z ( touch ) yes ? bala this be all you fault !!! the sneaker rise , and seem ready to fall again ... but instead it just hover there . ( the person wear it be balance on one leg and about to scrape off the bubblegum with a penny ) . Z we be safe ... just then , the hand hold the penny loom up ... the penny be , by ant standard , about sixty foot high . the huge image of abraham lincoln stare down at they . Z who the hell be that ?!!! the penny start scrape the bubblegum off the sneaker , bring bala and Z along with it . they be carry through the air as the penny get throw away ... turn over and over in a lopsided orbit as bala and Z scream ... ... and land with a crash in total darkness . ext . lake - day the " lake " where Z and bala be nearly drown by the water droplet . the earth shake as a huge , monstrous creature approach the lake - and begin to drink from it . the creature seem to hear something , and , growl , turn its ugly head . it 's a pomeranian , one of that yappy little lap - dog -- but see from ant perspective , it 's something out of a horror movie . tough voice ( o.s. ) ant team six -- take he out ! the monster bear its huge fang at the approach intruder -- a bunch of fly ant who look as though they be attack the death Star ! the monster rear and snap at two of the ant , who be make a diversionary run ... and then get it from the rest of the ant , who land on he soft , wet nose and start sting away like crazy . the monster rear back in pain -- and run away , yipping ! the member of ant team six , a crack team of hardcore fly - ant commando a la seal team six , break off the attack and land . major mandible and do not come back , you sissy ! major mandible , ant team six 's lethal commander , step into frame . he 's the one -ey killer we meet in the bar earlier . the rest of he team fan out to search the area . mandible talk to I . commando ant Z and the princess be here , sir . Signs of a struggle . mandible let 's get a read on that feremone track . commando ant # 1 ( to the other ) get the sniffer ! two other commando come run up with what look like a piece of machinery on a tripod -- only it 's a ant -- a highly specialize , blind ant with a incredibly acute sense of smell . tracker ant bala ... find bala ... the tracker , drool run out of its long proboscis , sniff the air and start signal like a geiger counter ... tracker ant ( as he 's swivel ) nnononononononoyeahyeahnononononono no ... finally the tracker stop swivelling , point in one direction and say , " yeahyeahyeahyeah ... " commando ant # 3 get them ! ten click from here ! mandible Z -- you dirt -digging , fancy - dance , wisecrack , royalty - grab , rebel scum ! ( yell into the distance ) I am coming for you ! you be one dead ant , mister ! mandible 's muscle bulge . the vein in he head throb . this be one ass-kick ant . even mandible 's troops look scared of he . mandible let 's move ! go , people ! go ! go ! go ! go ! go ! ant team six take to the air , head in the direction indicate by the tracker ant . int . trash bag - day darkness . out of it we hear the voice of Z and bala . bala come on , Z. Z forget it . you go ahead , I give up . I ... I do not know what I be think . " insectopia " . in one corner of the screen , we can see a irregular little hole through which a shaft of light be fall . bala proceed towards it , the hole appear to get bigger and bigger ... Z ( defeat ) there 's only one thing worse than a ant who go around mindlessly follow order , and that 's a ant who 's too dumb to go around mindlessly follow order . bala stop ... she notice that they be be watch . she 's emerge from a tie off garbage bag -- the yellow tie loop away gracefully . bala and Z have be toss into a garbage area . and above they and below they , peer from garbage can , recycle container , bag , etc. , a multi-cultural assortment of insect be regard they . a laid - back fly voice they thought . fly what 's with the bummer attitude ? a nearby butterfly join in . butterfly yeah -- nobody stress out in insectopia ! bala do you say ... Z ( join bala ) ... insectopia ? Z and bala look around . just to get thing straight , the garbage dump do not look disgusting -- that would be see it through human eye . instead , we be look at it through ant eye -- and , reimagine this way , it 's paradise . not the order , sterile , paradise of the picnic , but a earthly land of plenty . the side of the plastic garbage bag be sheer , reflective wall of smoothest obsidian ... the garbage can be gigantic , thick metal column put there by the god ( think the pyramid ) ; a coke bottle , refracting the sunlight into a gorgeous rainbow , trickle a fountain of sweet nectar into the pink , bittersweet flesh of a grapefruit half , which appear as a multi-chambered concave dome . everywhere , insect be disport themselves -- a multi - species love - in that 's like a insect version of woodstock . bala and Z be awe-struck . bala turn to Z. bala ( happily ) Z , we make it ! fly ( alight on the grapefruit ) c'mon in ! the nectar 's fine ! like a kid at a amusement park , Z slide down the smooth side of the garbage bag , whoosh this way and that until he slide into one end of a straw ( a red and white stripe tunnel ) , and be shot out ... Z yippeeeeee ! ... into a bottle - cap fill with lemonade , which he alternately drink and swim through ... down at the bottlecap , Z be drying himself off . then he see , emerge from behind a lemon peel , a gigantic termite . Z ( terrify ) aaaaagh !!! surprisingly , the termite seem equally terrify ... fly ( to Z ) hey , take it easy ! there 's nothin ' to be afraid of ! Z yeah , well , I make it a practice not to trust anyone who shoot acid out of they forehead . cricket dude , here in insectopia , we do not judge people by how many arm and leg we have get . fly yeah , back home , they call I a fruitfly . but here , I be know as ... ( with attitude ) superfly . cricket anyway , big Gus be mellow . the termite stick he hand out . a drop of acid drip from he head and splashes at Z 's foot . Z ( take he hand , disgust ) charme . Z reach out and shake the termite 's hand , as bala watch , smile . CUT to : ext . insectopia - night the insect be have a cookout , they face illuminate by the still - red ember of a match . platter heape with food lie untouched as they pat they belly ... Z and bala sit next to one another , smile shyly as if they have just meet for the first time . Z so ... you never do tell I ... what make you come out to the worker bar that night ? bala just look for fun , adventure , trouble , I guess . Z well , " trouble " be my middle name . actually , my middle name be .985 , but I do not tell people . hey , bala , I ... I actually have something of yours ... you leave it at the bar that night . Z take out bala 's scarf , which he 's be keep fold in a pocket . Z sorry , it 's be through a war , not to mention everything else ... bala you hold onto this all that time ? Z well , I ... I know it 's a little strange , but ... I think it might come in handy if I ... need a scarf someday . ( embarrassed ) well , to be honest , I just like have it . he hand it back to she . bala look at Z , frankly , openly . for a moment Z be shy . then he look at she too . they be two lover , lean closer , about to have they first kiss , when -- beetle hey Z ! the moment be wreck . Z look up . a chubby beetle stand there with Gus the termite . beetle wanna bring back dessert ? there 's a thirty foot long blimp in the next can , make completely of chocolate ! Z ( annoyed ) sure . I be not busy or anything . Z get up to go with they . Z great timing , guy . ever wonder why they call you " pest " ? ext . insectopia , top of can - night as ant team six land and take up position above the feast . the tracker ant be go nut . tracker ant yesyesyesyesy -- one of the commando put he hand over the tracker 's mouth to shut he up . mandible communicate with he troops by pull down he one functional antenna and gruffly whisper into it , as though it be one of that commando headsets . his troops do likewise . mandible talk to I . commando # 1 I have get a read on the princess -- but target Z be not account for . mandible let 's move in . ext . insectopia - night back at the feast , a cricket strum on he leg like a guitar , opine about life and the universe to a bunch of other chill - out , hippyesque insect ... bala tap she foot to the song . cricket what if , like ... we be just this tiny little thing , and we be just like part of this whole other huge universe , that 's like , so big we do not even know it exist ? ladybug man ... that 's so deep ... at that moment ant team six rapel down from the top of the garbage bin , landing amongst the insect . mandible everybody down ! the cricket get up to confront mandible , but mandible cold cock he with a right to the jaw . the other insect , too surprised to fight , just do as they be tell . mandible alright , you hippy scum ! make one move and I will exterminate you ! a couple of commando grab bala by the arm and heave she up . bala stop ! you do not understand ! mandible I do not have to understand , missy -- I have get order . now where 's Z ? CUT to : int . insectopia - night Z , the termite , the beetle and the fly be happily carry a huge m&amp ; m back to the feast . fly man , you girl be fly , know what I be say ? Z ( overdo it ) oh , bala ? I guess she 's okay , you know , for a princess . I mean , I usually date queen , or you know , empress , because sometimes the lesser nobility be too much in awe of my smoulder sensuality . please stop I if I be make you feel inadequate . they throw down the m&amp ; m , which land with a thud . Z notice that the rest of the insect look spook . Z what 's the matter ? this place be as cheery as a roach Motel at check - out time . Z look around . ladybug bala 's be kidnap ! some fly ant take she back to the colony ! Z she 's be kidnap ?! but I can not live without she ! Z just stand there , heartbroken . Z ( determine ) I be go back . I have get to get she . who will come with I ? Z look around . nobody 's volunteering . nothing but sheepish look and shuffle from the insect of insectopia . Z look dishearten . he 's about to leave when -- male wasp ( o.s. ) I will go . the male wasp be hover nearby . Z ( surprised ) you ?! male wasp I know what it 's like to lose someone ... I keep hearing the sound of muffy 's flap wing ... so I will take you . Z hop on the wasp 's back . Z let 's go , pal ! the wasp take off , leave the other insect look a little chastize . fly geez . I feel like a real stinkbug . CUT to : ext . sky above colony - morning the wasp and Z fly high above the colony ... Z wow ... I never see thing this way ... from here , we can see the whole layout of the land around the colony ... the " desert " ( a asphalt path ) and across it , the " lake " ( the overflow water fountain ) Z thing look so close together from up here ... there 's the desert ... and the lake ... ( think about something ) it 's not far from the colony at all ... suddenly , the wasp bounce up and down in the air . male wasp sorry . turbulence . int . formica's chamber - day Formica sit at he desk , go over some plan . Formica 's chamber be locate inside a snake skull , with the eye socket serve as window , and the mouth serve as a door . the wall be hang with trophy -- the head of other insect . ant team six burst in the door of Formica 's office , carry the struggle and kick bala . one of the commando set the tracker ant one the floor ... then Formica get up from he desk as the commando bring the princess to he . formica princess bala . good. ( with urgency ) where 's Z ? bala reply warily . bala he 's ...he 's dead . ( cover for Z ) you do not have to look for he anymore . he be eat by a praying mantis . formica ( regretfully ) it 's a shame he die prematurely ... I be hope to kill he myself . bala well you will never be able to hurt he where he be now . ( sadly ) I miss he already . formica ( surprised ) you miss he ? why ? bala ( angry ) because ... because he 's twice the ant that you be . I could never go through with marrying you . I be -- I be a individual , and when I get marry , it will be to someone I choose . the soldier look shocked . for a moment , Formica look furious . then he just shrug . formica ( shaking he head ) princess bala , I be just a simple old soldier , and the way of the feminine mind be a little too complex for I . but one thing I do know be , there be more princess where you come from . I just hope they be not all like you . in the meantime , maybe we can arrange for you to see Z again after all . he gesture to the commando , who drag she out the door . we notice that the tracker ant have be leave behind . ext . ant mound - day Z hop down from the wasp , who have land near the entrance to the colony . male wasp good luck , Z. for a wingless insect , you be alright by I . Z thanks , chip . they shake hand and the wasp fly off . Z ( to himself ) how be I go to get in ? the place be crawl with soldier ! Z start for the nearest entrance -- but he 's spot by a couple of soldier ant . soldier ant you there ! Worker ! Z 's catch -- it 's over . he turn around with he hand up . Z do not bite ! I surrender ! soldier ant what be you do out here ! all worker be to remain inside the colony , by order of General Formica ! Z can not believe he luck -- and he curiosity be pique . Z ( head inside ) well ... if you insist ... int . megatunnel - day the Queen , with Formica stride at she side , be carry by a personal escort of fifty or so struggle worker to the bottom end of the mega tunnel , where a red ribbon wait to be cut . queen very impressive , General . behind she , hundred of thousand of worker be crowded , look confuse and expectant . some of they clutch little flag and noisemaker ... mandible Wave that flag , you maggot ! ... which we see be be hand out to they by ant team six . formica be there anything wrong , you majesty ? the Queen be look around unhappily . queen it 's just ... how I miss bala . I wish she be here for this special moment . Formica warmly place he hand on the Queen 's shoulder . formica ( falsely supportive ) she be , you majesty . she be . the camera head up the long , long tunnel , where we see ... int . mid skylight tunnel bala , tie and gag . she 's at the point in the megatunnel where it begin to curve upwards towards the surface . she struggle against she bond , but can not get loose . CUT to : int . ant mound - day elsewhere in the colony , a column of soldier march by , and we hear the tromp -tromp -tromp of they boot . when they have go , Z poke he head out from behind a pile of dirt ... he head in the opposite direction of the soldier ... int . outside formica's chamber - day Z creep around the outside of Formica 's chamber . this part of the colony seem to be desert . Z geez , this place really empty out in August . where be everybody ? Z walk up to the skull that house Formica 's chamber and peek in the eye socket . int . formica's chamber Inside , the tracker ant , who 's be leave behind , switch " on " , eye glow . Z enter the chamber cautiously . tracker ant ( sniff ) Z! Z ! I smell Z! for a moment , Z 's afraid . then he see the small tracker ant do not seem hostile . Z you " smell " I ? well look , I -- I have be out in the wilderness for a while , and -- the tracker ant keep sniff . Z wave he hand in front of the blind ant 's eye . Z ( get it ) hey , wait , you be ... you be one of that pheremone sniffer , be not you ? maybe you can help I ... I be look for a friend of mine , princess bala . tracker ant ( enthusiastic ) bala ! yeahyeahyeahyeahyeah ! find bala ! yeahyeahyeahyeah ! Z pick up the tracker ant . Z just remember , I meet she first . Z , carry the little tracker ant , head out , follow its lead ... through this and that passage , as the tracker ant get more and more insistent ... and finally straight to a blank wall . tracker ant yeahyeahyeahyeahyeahyeahyeah ... Z bala 's through there ? tracker ant bala ... yeahyeahyeahyeahyeahyeah ... Z great . more digging . this be why I leave in the first place . Z can answer he own question . he put down the tracker ant , with a look on he face like a kid force to eat broccoli , start digging through the wall ... int . skylight apex - day meanwhile , a member of ant team six -- the stupidest member , in fact , wait at the very top of the tunnel , where it narrow almost to a point . he 's hang from a winch , and have a little hammer and chisel in he hand . he 's whistling , await instruction . int . mega - tunnel - day Z emerge from the tunnel he 's dig , spit a load of dirt out of he mouth and wipe he hand off . nearby , bala lie there , bound and gag . Z bala ! Z unty bala and undoe she gag . bala Z ! you come back ! they hug . Z why do they have you tie up here ? bala there 's something go on , Z -- from here , Z can see far down the tunnel to where the crowd be gather . bala they be have a ceremony to open the megatunnel ... we can hear the sound of water shifting somewhere above . he look up the tunnel ... in the distance , we can make out the silhouete of the commando set to break open the wall ... Z bala , that -- that lake we find -- I think the tunnel 's right underneath it ! ( horrify ) -- Formica 's go to flood the colony !!! that 's what he mean when say there be too many ant ! bala oh no ... bala look too shocked to move . Z start push she into the tunnel he make , and start head down towards the crowd . bala Z! what be you do ? Z I know it 's crazy , but -- I can not just leave . do not argue with I . if I have learn anything , it 's that the problem of two people do not add up to a hill of ant in this world . or bean . something like that . anyway , I have get to warn the other . Z look into bala 's eye . Z head for the surface , bala . if I do not make it , well ... we will always have insectopia . Z kiss bala . then he start run down the tunnel towards the crowd ... bala ( follow he ) Z !!! wait for I ! int . ant mound - day all the soldier be filter out of the assembly area , leave the worker behind . as he troops march by , Formica step to the side and hand the Queen a pair of scissors to cut the ribbon strung across the megatunnel . formica you majesty , I be afraid matter of state keep I from attend the ceremony . queen but General -- this tunnel be you baby ! you be sure you can not stay ? formica ' fraid not , you majesty . ( with regret ) Goodbye , you majesty . queen very well , General -- I know you -- all work and no play ! formica alright , let 's move out ! Formica , surround by he bodyguard , hurry off as the Queen ready to cut the ribbon ... queen in the name of the colony , I declare this tunnel open ! int . mega - tunnel - day Z and bala sprint towards the bottom end of the tunnel ... Z stoooooop ! -- and then pull back to see Queen cut the ribbon -- she look up and see -- queen bala ! bala Mom ! Z call out to the crowd . Z listen up ! we have all get to get out of here ! this place be go to flood ! the worker be unconvince . worker # 1 be you nut ? Z you have get to believe I ! worker # 2 oh yeah ? what make you so special , Mr. know - it - all ? Z I be Z . the worker be even more sceptical . a laugh go up from the crowd . worker # 3 you be Z ? gimme a break ! Z's ten milimeter tall ! worker # 4 -- and he can kill termite with he bare hand ! you be just some scrawny worker with a mental problem ! Z I be Z ! worker # 1 no you be not ! weaver yes he be . weaver step out of the crowd . Z weaver ! weaver run up to Z and hug he , start to cry . worker hey ... it be Z... listen to what he say ! [ etc ] . weaver Z ... I be so sorry ! I -- Z do not worry about it , pal . nearby , bala and the Queen hug . the Queen look over at Z. queen ( distastefully ) oh ... it 's that social - climb worker again -- what do he want ? Z ( in response ) to save you all ! now we have get to go ! CUT to : ext . ant mound - day outside of the colony , where Formica , surround by the army , give a signal to mandible by draw he finger across he throat ... mandible ( talk into he antenna ) let 'er rip ! int . skylight apex - day at the top of the tunnel , the commando start chiseling away furiously at the wall ... and nothing but dust fall down . the commando look at the dust as it fall down , down the long tunnel ... he look up at the dry wall ... hmmm ... then ... the wall burst OPEN . and a torrent start pour out -- swallow the terrify commando as if he be a crumb and head down the tunnel like a freight train , rip up the wall as it go ... int . early mega - tunnel - day everyone turn to hear the rumbling sound come down the tunnel -- azteca listen ! worker # 1 he 's right !!! from here , we can see deep into the tunnel , at the point where it level out ... and the torrent can be see rush down at they ... Z let' move it ! all of a sudden there 's panic as every ant try to scramble away from the oncoming water ... in the confusion , the Queen 's bearer drop she and scramble over she . queen you there ! stop ! I say ! the Queen turn , and for a brief moment be silhouett against the white - cap torrent of water ... ... and then she pick she abdomen up like a skirt and high tail it away from the torrent , run so fast that she pass some of she bearer on the way ... and then the torrent spit out of the mouth of the megatunnel , quickly fill up the chamber and branching into all of its side tunnel , as we see : a group of worker running up a side tunnel and get consume by a wave , which crash down on they like a hand slapping a table ... another group , the member of which be get swallow up one by one ; one of the ant run up on the ceiling of the tunnel and keep on go , upside- down ... it work for a while but eventually he , too be swallow up ... -- in the nursery , nurse be evacuate stack of cry ant baby ... in one of the larger access -tunnel , down which thousand of worker be flee , a group of ant turn and decide to make a stand for it -- they link up in a mass and form a live dam . it hold for a while but then burst scatter and smash ant along the side of the tunnel before eat they up ... and we ... CUT to : int . town CENTER - day the huge main chamber of the colony , where most of the worker -- as well as Z , bala , weaver , azteca , and the Queen -- have run to . the chamber be rapidly flooding from all side . Water flow out of every escape tunnel the worker try ... and the crowd be become more and more closely pack together as the water rise around they . azteca there 's no way out ! queen we be all go to drow !!! bala Z ... what can we do ? Z clenches he fist ... he feel utterly powerless ... then he shout ... Z dig ! the worker turn to look at he questioningly . Z we have get to dig a trench around we ! -- but one of the worker raise he hand . worker # 1 uh ...we do not dig any more . we be individual . worker # 2 yeah . we be too important to dig . you teach we that , Z . you hate digging ! Z ( at he wit end ) yeah , but I hate drown more ! now dig ! weaver you hear the ant -- dig !!! the worker start to dig a circular moat around themselves , pass the dirt back into the middle of what remain of the dry ground . -- but they seem to be make little headway against the water as it continue to rush in ... the ant labor we see up to now be nothing compare to this . as the moat get deeper , the pile grow higher and higher ... weaver be digging up huge chunks of earth ... nearby , azteca be digging like crazy too ... Z run around , direct traffic and encourage the worker ... Z that 's it ! pass the dirt back to the center ! go on ! nearby the Queen stand there , look squeamish . Z you highness ... time to get you hand dirty ! gingerly , the Queen reach out for a clod of dirt ... and pass it along . next thing you know , she 's practically crush by a huge load throw up by weaver . the water keep rush in ... but now we notice that ... ... the pile of dirt in the middle of the " island " create by the digging of the moat be grow higher and higher , reach up towards the ceiling of the chamber ... ... and the water be get swallow up by the moat , swirl around angrily . now Z look up , and see that with a little more effort they can reach the top -- Z we need to form a scaffold around this mound -- let 's do it ! the worker start to cluster around the mound , cover it , form a tight network of live body around the mound up towards the ceiling ... Z now climb ! the ant start to scale the scaffold , up towards the top of the chamber ... it 's a swarm mass of ant , haul each other up , give each other leg up , climb ever and ever higher towards the top ... where they start to dig through the very ceiling ... ...as , at the bottom of the mound , Z start to organize the haul away of the Queen , as though she be a big cargo container ... Z okay boy -- take she up ! Z slap the Queen on the butt , and she 's winched away on a cable compose entirely of ant link arm in arm like that plastic toy monkey ... ext . ant mound - day ... and azteca 's head poke through the ground ... she haul herself up , and hundred of ant pour up from the ground , widen the hole ... int . town CENTER - day the water be rise ... but almost all of the ant have escape ... Z clamber up the mound , as the scaffold of ant roll up from the bottom .... and the rush water finally wear down the earthen core of the structure . as Z haul himself through the hole in the ceiling . the entire structure collapse into the angry water below , which seem furious to have miss they prey ... ext . ant mound - day worker he do it ! Z! Z! Z! Z! Z! the " Z " cheer go up , with everyone join in . but the jubilation be short - live , for , appear on the ridge , surround the worker , be formica's army , circle the mass of worker , back they in towards the roiling water behind they . Formica himself appear in the front line , with carpenter and mandible at he side . formica Z. I should have know . all that work , all that preparation , come to nothing . all because of one stinking ant . he step forward to address the surround , trap worker . formica alright . which one of you be Z ? the worker , tremble but silent , cower inside the unbroken circle of soldier . formica what be you , deaf ? I asked you , where' Z ? Formica laugh , shaking he head . formica folk , you may have survive that flood , but there 's no way you be gonna escape from I . I will make you a deal . Hand over the rebel leader Z , and you survive . this send a ripple of murmur through the worker . formica but if you do not hand he over , you be all go to die , each and every single ... " individual " one of you . the worker all look at each other . formica what shall it be , worker ? the worker remain frighten but silent . Z tremble , terrify . formica have it you way . as Formica raise he swagger stick to order the attack , a lone figure step out from the crowd . Z wait ... Z stand there , shiver with fear . Z ... I be Z. for a moment , Z stand alone , under the glare of Formica 's gaze . then another figure step out from the throng of worker . weaver no , I be Z . Z turn , astonished , to see weaver , still and unwaver , bravely risk he life for he friend . then , azteca also step forward . azteca I be Z ! next , bala come forward . bala no , I be Z. more and more ant step forward . worker I be Z ! I be Z ! I be Z and so be my brother ! I have be Z for week now ! queen ( regally ) we be Z. now , the worker be all shouting the same declaration . all I be Z ! I be Z ! I be Z! Z be plainly flabbergasted . Formica be outrage . he give the signal . formica attack ! the army swell forward on all side , push the worker towards the swirl water . some worker surround the Queen to protect she . all seem lose , when the fly from insectopia alight on the rim of the horizon . fly hey , guy ! the wasp appear on the other side of the horizon . wasp it 's they ! suddenly , on all side , a massive insect army appear on the ridge , look not unlike ambush Indians in a John Ford film . Formica 's soldier stop in they track , awed by the unfold spectacle . it look like all of insectopia have turn out : spider , caterpillar , rhinoceros beetle , all manner of creature crawl and fly have show up , and now surround the army , dwarf they . wasp be this hooligan give you trouble , Z ? fly say the word , Z , and we kick they butt . the ant army remain freeze , unsure of what to do next . Formica be furious . if ant have vein , Formica 's would be bulg out of he face . formica what be you do ?! attack !! ( berate he army ) come on , you yellow - belly ! ( turn on carpenter ) do not just stand there , carpenter ! make a example of yourself ! carpenter uh , actually , we be outnumber sir ... Formica turn towards the insect gather against he . with he chin raise pridefully , Formica step forward , and charge Z ! formica ahhhhhhh !! Formica run so quickly and with such force that he helmet blow off he head . Z's eye get big , he stumble backwards , slip , and Formica go fly over he , toward the whirlpool behind . he scrabble at the edge of the water , and then tumble over . for a moment , it look as if he 's go . formica ( o.s. ) help ... help I ... Z go to the edge of the precipice and look over . Formica be struggle in the water of the very flood he create , which be roiling not far below . he look up into Z 's eye , a new expression crossing he feature : fear . formica please ... i... I can not swim ... help I ... Formica go under for a bit , then he head come up again -- but he 's not go to be able to stay afloat for long ... suddenly he see a line drop down . above , Z look down on he . Z I think you say that the life of one ant do not matter . Formica look at the line ... and in that moment seem to realize he error ... formica I guess it do ...to the ant . Formica reach up and take the line , and be pull up by Z and a bunch of other ant ( the line , we see , extend from a nearby spider , one of the cavalry from insectopia ) . Formica be leave , break and alone , by the precipice , while horde of ant surround Z to congratulate he . bala fight she way to he side and the two of they embrace . then the ant pick up Z and bala , and , cheering , bear they away . only carpenter stay behind . he walk up to Formica , carry he dent and dusty helmet . he clean it the best he can with he jacket sleeve and hand it to he fall general . carpenter Sir , if it 's any consolation , I still think you be completely worthless as a individual . fade to : close up of Z as he address the audience , stand - up style . Z so , uh , that 's pretty much it . just you basic " simple worker overthrow the government and wind up with the princess " kind of a story . you know : there be the big parade and everything ... CUT to : int . town CENTER - day a huge assembly of ant applaud as Z who be give a medal by the Queen . CUT to : general formica's face , look extremely dispeptic . Z ( v.o. ) General Formica be almost unemployable . he eventually get a gig as a honeydew keg . pull back to reveal Formica cling to a wall , he belly hideously distend with honeydew . Z ( v.o. ) the Queen ask I to take over he job , but I say " sorry , but I be really not the general type . I be more the specific type . " so they give the job to weaver instead . CUT to : weaver , in Formica 's old office , in a general 's uniform , he foot up on Formica 's desk , smoking a cigar . carpenter be on he hand and knee scrubbing the floor . Z ( v.o. ) weaver cut the defense budget in half . now we only have a army of five million . cut back to Z , addressing the audience . Z and I , I guess you could say that I live happily ever after . bala enter the frame , embrace and kiss he . Z I mean , I have get the whole package , right ? a great life , a beautiful wife , and a few kid . bala a few ? we pull back to reveal int . z's house - day Z and bala stand in the midst of they live room , up to they knee in thousand of child ant . the child cover every horizontal surface . they run around , cry , laugh , and tease each other . Z look around the room , look back at we , and shrug . Z well , so nothing 's perfect . but you know ? I would not change a thing . the camera pull up ... and away from the ground ... to reveal that this whole story have be take place in a small area of central park . we pull back and back , and see all the familiar landmark from the story : the bike path , the drink fountain , etc . we tilt up into the new york skyline . big musical flourish . fade out . the end