any give sunday by Jamie Williams & Richard Weiner , John Logan , Daniel pyne revision by Gary Ross , raynold gideon & Bruce A. Evans , John Logan , Lisa Amsterdam & Robert huizenga current revision by Oliver Stone revised shoot script May 1 , 1999 " ... any man 's finest hour -- he great fulfillment to all he hold dear -- be that moment when he have work he heart out in a good cause and lie exhaust on the field of battle -- victorious . " Vince lombardi Al fade in : ext . " shark " stadium ( miami , USA ) - late day Al ( any sunday ) music set a mood of mystery , verdure , sky ... grass sway gently in the wind , silence to the world ... then a football be place in the grass . the large , tape knuckle of a center grasp the football for the snap . the world be still , coiled like a spring ... credit run ... game 1 minnesota AMERICANS at miami shark - field # 1 - 1 continuous action a explosion on the field -- as body crash against each other like army . the game as play and feel in " the pit " . a swift , short pass over the middle ... a tight end ( Miami ) take the hit ... then the quarterback ( Miami ) go down hard . a blur of motion . a whistle blows and referee # 1 signal first down ; chain be move . helicopter # 1 2 a steep view of the proceedings -- godlike , evoke ghost , wind ; as if the football god look down on they human combatant and vote for first downs , touchdown , career , life ... this overhead punctuate the film ... the silence linger briefly -- before the announcer ' voice bring we back to the media reality of the late 20th century ... tug kolowski ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) '' + . and what a beautiful day for football it be here in South Florida !! it 's Sunday , and the sun be shine and playoff berth be on the line . it do not get much better than this ! do not you think so , Kevin ?! kevin branson ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) that 's the one thing you and I can agree on , tug . you can almost feel religion in the air here at Miami 's ' shark ' Stadium . the music theme -- a blend of martial , choral , and rock and roll -- be now swallow in the roar of the crowd ... smash CUT to : field # 2 «+. the technicolor eye of quarterback jack " cap " rooney , hostage to anger and pain , as he aging frame crash on the dirty grass . sideline # 1 head coach tony d'amato , a strike , intense man in he 5as , move in a five - yard swath of the sideline , he eye flick worriedly to he fall alter-ago . tony I have be doin ' this for too many year ... ( at mckenna ) you mother ...!!! goddamn ass ...!!! he 's give it to Leslie mckenna , the right guard , and the other linemen , as he sense the game be now shifting momentum -- against he . tony .»». ' mother !... you candy ass ... no blockin ' bitch !... 68 ?! mckenna , get you brain - dead head out of you ass !! you be not block , you be tip-toeing through the tulip ! sideline # 2 dr . allie power , 30 , the new internist with the team , grab he doctor box and start onto the field . tony power ! get the hell back here ! where you go ?! he 's fine ! power sheepishly u-turn back to the sideline where dr . harvey mandrake , the grey-haire team orthopedist , give he a second scolding . mandrake what be you think , allie ?! there 's 1:43 on the clock ! you walk on that field after the 2 - minute warning and we automatically lose a time - out . wake -up ! you be here almost a goddamn season ! power sorry -- I think he be hurt . field # 3 as leslie mckenna ( # 63 ) , the big right guard , help cap up , know he 's blow the block . tug ( v.o . ) yes , sir ! that 's the real deal right there . cap rooney ... two pantheon cup . almost 50,000 pass yard . more touchdown than I care to remember ... cap ( vise , to mckenna ) mckenna , you fat bubble of lard ! one more block like that , you will end my career ! tug ( v.o . ) '' + . we computer rank Jack rooney one of the top five quarterback of all time when it come to pressure situation ... at 39 he may be a step or two behind -- 12 off - season operation have a way of do that to you -- but he still stand head and shoulder above this new kid ... wive ' section # 1 ( video ) cindy rooney , a sweet - look blonde , wave back as she notice the electronic eye gaze down on she ; other wife join in . branson ( v.o. ) .. without a doubt , tug ! not rock ' rooney also happen to be marry to a heckuva nice gal sittin ' down there in the stand just like the star strike fan she 's be since they college day together at Michigan -- that 's Cindy rooney , folk , and I can tell you ... tug ( v.o. ) stop boast , kev ! but beautiful she certainly be , un-hunh !... anda mother of three beautiful child ... sideline # 3 coach d'amato fumble with he newly - mangle headset , consult he plastic-coate single - page game plan , into he mouthpiece : ( continued ) 10 11 continued : 8 tony Nick , where the hell be we here ?! whatta ya think -- Ace right 90 cadillac ? 60 - 40 against ? intercut with : coach booth # 1 9 nick crozier -- 40s , star offensive coordinator , in he first year here , handsome , a comer -- study the game below through instant computer printout . in the booth be several offensive and defensive assistant . tony ( v.o. ) «+. they be give sanderson the inside . if we roll cap leave , Les and madman can handle the backside . crozier ( into headset ) I would say 75 - 25 . but let 's try -- slot right switch and if they bring the bandit , we check to 99 max ... ( relay call ) okay ! slot right switch 90 or 99 cadillac . sideline # 4 10 tyler cherubini , the stoic , 32 - year - old perpetual back - up quarterback relay the telex signal from upstairs , on he headset to the field via walkie-talkie -- in addition to various body signal , both legitimate and deceptive . huddle # 1 11 qb cap rooney bang on he helmet ; something in the electronics be off . he glare at he teammate , and though at time he chew they out like a Marine sergeant , there be a unmistakable affection for he line . he try he hardest , like a aging Boy scout , not to curse , not always successfully . cap damn headset ! never goddamn work when you get hit !! every damn time ! damnit , madman ! that sonofabitch be headhunt ! ( more ) ( continued ) 11 12 continued : 11 cap ( cont 'd ) hold he , rip out he goddamn eye , but do not let he mess with I ! I be too goddamn old ! patrick kelly , he massive right tackle , know around the league as " madman , " bleed from he nose , but adore he qb . madman cap , I will keep he off ya even if I gotta bite off he thumb ! cap you do that ! ( to sanderson , the star wide receiver ) «+ . get yourself open , goddamnit , ' sandman . ' if you gotta coldcock he , I will find you . sanderson hey I be there , cap ! in the wind . just fling it , baby ! cap ( to the second wide receiver ) ' Zonker ' ! you be number two , get open , run you dig route at 15 ... ( to the huddle ) okay , listen up , slot right switch 90 or 99 cadillac , check with I , and kill any sonofabitch try to cross that line before he time ! on three . ready ! they clap and break . with 15 second to play time , the constant barrage of " voice " inside cap 's helmet cease . media booth # 1 12 tug kolowski -- in the flesh -- be a boisterous , boozy , veteran sportscaster , alongside kevin branson , a young and upcoming tv - type who seem tug 's opposite , bland and safe . tug ... but not all be paradise here in Miami . cap rooney may be on he way into the record book , but for coach tony d'amato it 's be a dismal season with attendance slide , as the crosstown dolphin prosper ... intercut with : 13 al3 stand # 1 ( video ) 13 reveal the stadium at two - third capacity . sideline # 5 ( video and film ) al3 tony , on tv display , talk intensely into he headset , take we past defensive coordinator montezuma monroe -- 60 , a monument of a man , former star linebacker , now limping noticeably . he glare strongly , rarely move . with he be 34 - year - old vet luther lavay , linebacker and the captain of the defense , black , build , and a total predator . his nickname : " shark . " tug ( v.o. ) ... with three straight loss and a slide from four year ago when they win two pantheon cup in a row , d'amato 's go to have to struggle to get he aging team into the playoff ! but today be look good for the shark , lead the Americans in the second quarter , 21 - 17 . branson ( v.o. ) «+ . they still get that hole in that offensive line , tug , but the biggest problem have get to be the defense , and montezuma Monroe know it ... a assistant offer Monroe a set of digitally - produce enhancement of the Minnesota offensive formation . monroe get that shit outta my face ! shark -- what the fuck 's goin ' on out there ?! we gotta get more pressure on the goddamn quarterback ! that motherfucker 's split we seam 15 yard every goddamn time . now fix it ! shark I be on it , coach . he stomp toward the defensive unit . branson ( v.o. ) ... there 's also of course the impact of management decision on the shark ' turn in fortune ... 14 15 owner' BOX # 1 ( video ) 14 as see on tv , several family friend and vps mill around , but we only see the back of elegantly - attire blonde President and co-owner , christina pagniacci . tug ( v.o. ) no question , kev ! since the death of ' Big daddy , ' Art pagniacci -- he daughter and new President of the team , Christina pagniacci have make some -- many people think -- questionable financial decision in let three all - pro bowl selection leave town for free agency . branson ( v.o . ) ++. although she do bring Julian Washington in from K.C. a big 1500 - yard back ... field # 4 ( video and film ) 15 julian WASHINGTON , 27 , a extremely strong , sexy , solidly - build , 230 - pound run back , set , he tooth blaze with jewelry and facial paint on the far edge of the Association 's rule book ( the Associated football franchise of America ) . he presently go into play - motion . tug ( v.o. ) «+. who can be great when he 's not hurt . and he heart 's in it . and here we go ! rooney bark out the number , " hot read " the come blitz . the clock slow , as he eye flick from the key safety to he own team . can they handle the confusion of the audible ? rooney ( audible ) set! Blue 83... check , check ... Arizona 99 cadillac , Arizona 99 cadillac ! Hut ! Hut ! Hut ! the shark linemen read the shift ... but madman be clearly confuse ... block assignment be miss . cap take the snap and fade back to pass , but he 's a inch too slow and a year too old -- he arm in the air , about to release , he be brutally blind - sided by a fast reptilian defensive end . simultaneously , a blit safety hit he in the lower back with he helmet . cap go down hard again , landing on he own blocker 's helmet at a awkward angle -- he scream loudly -- and this time , nothing move . 16 17 18 19 sideline # 6 16 tony be look at he worst fear come true . a eerie quiet momentarily pervade the stadium . d'amato break it , yell at Dr. power . tony get the hell out there ! move ! can not you see he 's hurt ? wive ' section # 2 17 Cindy rooney share the uncertainty . owner' BOX # 2 18 still stand with she back to the window , Christina talk to a friend . christina --. well , until I be on the finance committee , I have zero say on network negot ... as she become aware of the hush in the stadium , she turn to look -- then up at the tv for the slo - mo replay . branson ( v.o. ) ... every shark fan have a sicken feel in the pit of they stomach at this moment . I know I do . cap rooney be down and in obvious pain . christina dammit ! who be on the weakside safety ?! be that mckenna , you for -- ? she reach for a red phone . tug ( v.o. ) man oh man ! do you see that collision ?! his body go in five different direction ! intercut with : tv monitor 19 show the injury in slo-mo . xs be draw over cap 's knee by tug 's finger on the telestrator . a big o go over cap 's back . ( continued ) 19 20 21 continued : tug ( v.o . ) ouch ! I have be there and that be a world of pain ! media booth # 2 branson cover he microphone and hiss at both a technician and tug : branson stop show that for Christ 's sake !... ( on camera ) we will be right back with cap 's condition after this word from we sponsor . field # 5 19 20 21 drs. mandrake and power , and trainer # 1 attend to cap as he roll back and forth , in intense pain . sanderson suck it up , cap ... cap my back ! mandrake ( feel for the injury ) straighten you leg . wiggle you toe . alright , cap , they cut to the commercial . you can get up now . cap ( through clench tooth ) I must have break my back !! mandrake come on , babe , you be still move you foot . there 's no way you break you back ! power where do it hurt ? cap ( scream ) right where you be touch , you ...!! I swear ... I can not breathe ... ( continued ) 21 22 10 . continued : 21 mandrake neither can I -- it 's the humidity . do I gotta get you a stretcher now ? you that old ? cap ( shake it off , pull up ) dammit ! I be walkin ' outta here !... ( vise ) oww -- my butt ! it 's like a knife in it ! the stadium applaud as cap hobble up to he foot . sideline # 7 22 back -up qb Tyler cherubini nervously jam index card with play call under the clear plastic holder inside he special wristband , intersect coach d'amato . tony Nice and easy , ty , okay . we be up 21 - 17 . hold on . steady ‘em . cherubini ad lib and jog onto the field . fan stomp they foot in sync with the drive beat of the inspirational " shark theme . " branson ( v.o. ) we be back ! and cap rooney look to be all right . listen to that crowd ! cap cross towards the bench on the shoulder of power and trainer # 1 . tony intersect briefly , but he do not seem to want to confront this , make light of it . tony you all right , 'o rock ' ? his sometime nickname for cap . cap ( wince ) yeah ! hurt like a ... tony Way to hold on to that football , kid ! take it easy , we will finish this up without you -- ( continued ) 22 23 24 25 11 . continued : 22 branson ( v.o. ) back - up quarterback Tyler cherubini have not see a lot of action recently ! field # 6 23 from the booth Pov -- the team clap and break from the huddle . tug ( v.o. ) hate to tell you , kev , it 's a little scarier than that . Tyler cherubini have not throw for a first down all season !... but it 's go to take a nail and a coffin to keep cap down on the farm warming the pine . this may only be a game but to cap rooney it 's the only game in town . omitted 24 field # 7 25 Tyler cherubini scan the defense , see all the sign for another impending blitz . cherubini ( long count ) set! Red 14 Ace , Red 14 Ace ! check , check ! Black 90 razor , Black 90 razor ! -- Hut ! Hut ! Minnesota attack with everything they have get ... cherubini never even see the light of day as he be bury , cough up the ball -- which bounce into the hand of a surprised Minnesota safety -- who sprint 20 - some yard into the Miami end zone for a touchdown ! the fan go wild with rage , boo the fall cherubini . branson ( v.o. ) oh my gosh ! touchdown ! and the Americans go up 23 - 21 . man-o-man ! do they nail he ! he 's ... cherubini 's not get up ! ( continued ) 12 . 25 continued : 25 tug ( v.o . ) two quarterback down , one after the other . this be crazy ! I think they just lose cherubini , too ! my God ! I have not see this since ... the aztecs and pharaoh in ' 88 -- or be it ' 78 ? 26 owner' BOX # 3 26 Christina watch the fiasco with she husband , andy matter , a young handsome lawyer , and two vps of the team -- johnny polito , in he 5as , and ed phillip , in he 60 -- a distinguished man with a comforting aura , the family advisor from she father 's era . christina ( into the red phone ) oh , Jesus ! Vincent , get I the name of who 's available out there in the quarterback market right away , would you ?... and how ' bout every available line coach -- maybe somebody who can actually teach this line how to block !! a young woman raise to appreciate football , she outburst quiet the dozen people party in the box . her mother , margaret pagniacci , a elegant older woman , who look out of it , mostly quasi-drunk or drugge , though she do a superb job of conceal this with she fix and dignify expression , inquiry : margaret what be it , honey ...? christina ( ignore she ) «+. find out about malloy . why would Denver cut he ? where be he ? 27 sideline # 9 27 willie beamen , third -string qb , 26 , black , sit on the bench , as accustom , not expect to be call on . qb coach beam ! what the hell be you do ? I tell you to warm up five minute ago ! look at you wristband -- it 's upside down . take you head out of you ass . let 's go , you be up ! 13 . a27 tunnel # 1 a27 drs. mandrake and power enter the locker room tunnel with cap rooney when trainer # 2 yell after they : trainer # 2 Doc ! they need you back ! cherubini 's down ! mandrake cherubini ! what -- he fall off a bench ? what the hell 's next ?! stigmata ! ( to power , be : rooney ) -.. just sit he out and do not touch he till I ... time CUT to : 28 omitted 28 29 field # 8 29 the Americans kick off . 30 sideline # 10 30 as the kick returner downs it in the end zone , d'amato huddle with Willie beam , who be adjust the speaker sound in he helmet . tony beam , it 's you now . Left deuce Zig 22 tomcat . easy hand - off to Julian , okay ? willie right . crozier ( v.o . ) ( on helmet ) Willie , can you hear I ? you be gonna be all right . the Americans get no profile on you . use it ... surprise ‘em . Willie look for crozier upstairs in one of that anonymous box , lose in the roar of sound and the sea of face . ( continued ) 30 31 32 continued : 14 . 30 willie ( difficulty hearing ) ++. do what ? tony you be gonna do fine . look at I , son . you be gonna do fine ... ( tapping over Willie 's heart ) you hold it all inside . stay there . stay focus . willie right ... tony slap Willie on the shoulder and send he out . media booth # 3 31 technician and assistant frantically adjust as tug and Kevin rifle through papers during the commercial break . huddle # 2 branson get I more stat on Willie beam now ! tug cap 's out ... man , I can not believe this ... branson you know anything about Willie beam ? tug who the hell 's Willie beam ? technician we be back in five , guy ! 32 Willie be ignore in the huddle , hesitant -- he try to shut out the stadium noise . branson ( v.o . ) as we wait for word on cap rooney 's condition , Miami 's send in third - string quarterback Willie beam . Willie be 26 year old . ( more ) ( continued ) 32 continued : 15 . 32 branson ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a 'mystery man , 'seventh - round draft pick out of Dallas , he go to the University of Houston . in he fifth year , he first year with the shark , he 's see four team in he professional career ... Willie try to hear the qb coach 's voice in he helmet . voice ( v.o. ) ( helmet ) Left deuce Zig 22 tomcat . watch the mike backer , he will probably be come . relax and show I you get it ! Willie turn and wave to the sideline . voice ( v.o. ) ( helmet ) no ... tell they ! willie awright , guy ! come on listen up !... the call be Left deuce Zig 22 tomcat . mckenna ( to the rest ) hey ! shut the fuck up ! on ? tug ( v.0o . ) ( during this ) .-. d'amato 's gotta be lose he mind -- a 14 - point turnaround , lose he starter , he back - up , and maybe the game in two play ! what a disaster ! it 's a absolute ... willie on ? WASHINGTON ( intense ) SNAP count ! Willie be try to suppress dry heave . WASHINGTON you all right ? Holy ...! willie augghh ... ugghh ... ( continued ) 32 33 34 35 36 16 . continued : ( 2 ) 32 Willie suddenly rip off he helmet and vomit . sanderson ( leaping back ) oh , shit -- ! sideline # 11 33 shark lavay , the middle linebacker , be stand next to Monroe . shark do he puke ?! do he just puke on the sacred turf ?! media booth # 4 34 tug be laugh heartily . tug ( to branson ) oh , man ! hey , kev ' -- shade of you the night we go out after the Cleveland game . Kevin shoot he a look , and rifle through some papers . branson ... beam even play cornerback for a while when he be at San Diego , where he be injure in he third year ... owner' BOX # 4 35 Christina be now on a black field phone : christina soon as you know , you call ! if this be serious , harvey , I need to know yesterday , you understand what I be say ?! huddle # 3 36 WASHINGTON ( to beam ) fuck , man ! I have get to get into a three - point stance in you puke ?! get it together , nigra ... ( continued ) 36 a36 17 . continued : 36 sanderson ( clean he shoe ) you puke on the logo , my man ! referee # 1 ( intersect ) come on , son , let 's play ball ! voice ( v.o. ) ( helmet ) would you run the play already ! field # 9 a36 as they move towards the ball , Willie glance in several direction -- it 's terrifying -- the Minnesota defense be shifting position , confusing he ; the crowd be deafen , the camera zoom in , the sun blaze . minnesota tackle ( greeting Willie ) better get ready , motherfucker ! I be come and I be gonna be pick peanut out of you ass ! madman come to mama first , loudmouth ! minnesota tackle oh yeah ! through you , ' round you , upside down you , you useless mother ...! Willie intensely scan the defensive alignment . all talk cease when he yell : willie set Red 378 ! Red 378 ! Hut ! Hut ! Willie step back a little too fast and too far . he spin towards Washington , awkwardly hand the ball off on a delay slant ... Washington shoot into a different hole than assign -- a dangerous runner , gain ten yard from nothing . in the backfield , the taunting defensive end slap Willie 's helmet hard as the whistle blow . Willie barely have time to breathe before he hear " the voice of God " in he helmet speaker : voice ( v.o. ) ( in helmet ) Thunder Left smoke 90 Sally . time CUT : 37 38 39 40 18 . field # 10 - willie' subjective view 37 in motion , of the speed and confusion of the game as giant defensive linemen close on he . he see a brief open onto sanderson 15 yard downfield -- throw far too high -- almost intercept by the safety . sideline # 12 38 tony , concerned , beckon to he tight end , talk to he and send he out onto the field . tony continue to yell something into he headset at crozier . huddle # 4 39 the tight end yell something lose in the crowd . Willie have to look up the play on he arm band . willie awright , deuce right Split 24 barrel clear . on one . WASHINGTON I will be come in fast on you leave , boy -- do not make I wait ! willie on one ! field # 11 40 at the line , Miami player immediately sense the defense be stack up to the right for Washington 's run . WASHINGTON ( urgently , under ) audible , man -- change the play -- Willie realize it too -- audible too quickly and too softly to communicate accurately . willie set ! Green 41 -- um -- switch , switch ... Red 70 blackstar , Red 70 blackstar --- Hut ! the snap -- Miami be hopelessly confuse . there be no such play as " Red 70 blackstar " and player run this way and that . after several athletic move , Willie be bounce out of bound , eight yard behind the line of scrimmage . 41 42 43 a43 44 19 . sideline # 13 4l tony be have a really bad day , about to throw he mangle headset away again . tony ( to crozier and qb coach ) what the hell be that ?! what 's he do out there ? do he know any of this play ? crozier ( v.o. ) tony , he know the basic package but he 's only take a few snap . field # 12 42 Washington yell at Willie on the way back to the huddle : WASHINGTON what the fuck be Red 70 blackstar , home there be no such fuck play willie ( coolly ) I just figgered that out , J man ... ( he nickname ) but there oughta be ... time CUT : scoreboard # 1 43 minnesota 24 , miami 21 . second quarter . 0:25 ... sideline # 15 a43 tony have one more chance at a field goal at the Minnesota 45 - yard line . tony come on ! hurry it up ! let 's go ... let 's go ! field # 14 44 Willie eye the defense as he set , but mistakenly line up over right guard Leslie mckenna instead of he center ... ( continued ) 44 a44 45 46 47 48 20 . continued : 44 mckenna ' less you tell I you love I , sugah , get you hand outta my ass ! the defense pick up on it instantly and go after Willie loudly . embarrass , he make he adjustment -- but too late . a flag fly . delay of game penalty . sideline # 16 b44 tony throw up he hand and roll he eye . there go the field goal ! PRESS BOX # 1 - jack " ripper " rose 45 a sportswriter with he own local tv show , make a acid comment on this bone-head move to a colleague as he work he laptop . come off beam 's throw up , the press know it have a story ! owner be BOX # 5 46 Christina lean forward to watch . Willie fade back to pass . field # 15 47 the rush be on again . Willie , scramble out of the pocket , avoid several tackler , but he eye give away the 25 - yard pass ... the defensive back steal it from sanderson and run it back 10 yard . the crowd roar with disappointment . referee # 1 whistle -- end the half . sideline # 17 48 coach d'amato shake he head , pick up by the tv camera . tug ( v.o. ) that be bound to happen , the way this kid 's movin ' . too fast , just too fast . he 's gotta be nervous out there ! he 's ahead of he receiver ... thank God that end the first half with the sun go down on this delay and chock - full - of - surprise game ... 49 50 21 . int . shark locker room - locker room # 1 - halftime - 49 night with 10 minute to go , the offense be concentrate in one part of the room on chair , the defense in the other -- listen to analysis and look at video picture from they respective coaches . trainer' area # 1 50 madman 's get the flu , and be dehydrated enough to require two i.v.s in either arm . Dr. power read he thermometer . power 101 ... you light -headed ? madman I be light - head at kick -off , Doc . now I be at the ' one foot in the coffin ' stage . power you be a couple of quart low , madman , you just need a oil change ... madman yeah , then why be my leg one big knot , Doc !? I need some cyclobenzaprine ... power see Dr. mandrake hurry past , follow he . power harvey , just a sec ...! mandrake barely break , wait . power I be worried about cap -- he 's lose ankle strength . I think he 's get ... mandrake ( surprised ) what would you do ? examine he ? look , allie , you be actually one of the few relative I can stomach , but you be the internist . I be the orthopedist , remember ? you leave my people alone ... power I just think that ... ( continued ) 22 . 50 continued : 50 mandrake need a job description review ? bone , muscle , joint -- I . runny nose , diarrhea , pink eye , gonorrhea -- you . Sports injury I ; anything that drip , stick , or stink , or stink , you . okay ? 51 mandrake 51 head toward a small exam room where cap wait alone -- bypass cherubini , the forget qb , wait to have he knee examine , attend to by trainer # 2 , a stutterer . trainer # 2 Doc , what about Rhodes ? he 's really in p-p-pain ... mandrake he 's a hypochondriac . give he some ibuprofen . trainer # 2 he do not wanna put that sh-shit in he body . he want demerol . mandrake you think I want to be banish to siberia as a ice hockey doctor ? tell he to clench he tooth . cherubini Doc , what about my knee ? mandrake what about it ? trainer # 2 well , I think m-m- maybe I can get he to t-t- take some alka -seltzer . 52 exam area # 1 52 mandrake close the door on trainer # 2 . cap be with trainer # 1 . he put cap 's x- ray up on the screen . mandrake bad news , cap , you be okay , it 's just a bruise . no rib break . back 's normal . ( continued ) 52 53 23 . continued : 52 cap ++. something 's definitely wrong , Doc ! my butt 's kill I ... I think it 's a ... mandrake «+. I will send you over for a m.r.i. in case . ( to trainer # 1 ) Lou , prep I 20 C.C. two percent lido with marcaine ... trainer' area # 2 53 power attend to madman , who suddenly have a urgent look on he face . voice ( 0.s. ) ( yell out ) Three minute ! madman Doc ! pull the pipe ! I gotta go ! power can you ... madman I mean ... I gotta go ! call of the wild , man ! he go , ivs trail , power call out to trainer # 1 for help . locker room # 2 with shout of " get out of the way ! " , " come through ! " , power and trainer # 2 , protect the i.v. 's , follow a surging madman into the bathroom . beast man ( as they go past ) whoo -hoo ! shark football ! whatever it take !!! other player chorus in , hoot and holler , till the coaches shut they up . bathroom # 1 the stall be fill . ( continued ) 53 54 24 . continued : 53 madman ( yell ) hey , shithead ! it 's I -- madman ! who 's on my toilet ?! madman kick open a break stall and find a unlucky rookie stare back at he . madman rookie , this be reserve ! get the fuck out ! terrify , the rookie run out ; then madman force he way in , manage to squeeze power , trainer # 2 and himself into the stall . power do not bend you elbow ... crozier , study a stack of computer printout , enter . crozier madman ? yo ! you there ...? he whacks on the door , which open on madman sit with he pants around he ankle , i.v.s enter each outstretch arm , minister to by trainer # 1 and Dr. power . crozier be amused but hardly surprised ; to madman : crozier the three technique be really get up field on you . we be gonna rub he with a fullback this half . madman coach , let 's run the draw or let I cut he ass on the screen . that ' 11 slow the motherfucker down . and show they what I truly be ! a genius ! locker room # 3 54 the player be gather around coach d'amato , who now address both offense and defense . ( continued ) 54 continued : 25 . 54 tony look , you the offense , why do you think we work on the blitz package all week ? we have lose two quarterback in one half of football ' cause we line can not pick up a goddamn backside bandit on max protection !! you and I know this be goddamn stupid football , and you be stress this shit outta I ! we have work on the call over and over again but you have no goddamn focus or concentration ! mckenna , keep you head on a swivel , you have get to slide out there and pick up that robber -- roll up that outside linebacker ! beam , know you site adjustment ! sanderson and Fox will break off they route but you have to deliver it on time . we have have two goddamn turnover this half , you guy be dump on my turnover ratio . you the defense , you have get to create something out there , you have get to start fly around the fuck ball and hit somebody . do not let this asshole chew up the clock on we ! on first down , they be kill we with the weakside slant . corner , when we put eight in the box , you have get to jam the receiver , take ‘em on , you be hesitate ! if you be gonna make a mistake , go on ! make it a big one ! I be not gonna eat you lunch for that , but do not fuck around like pussy at a pee party , you hear I ?!... p.j. , Mac , Beast man , horny , shark ! one , two yard less each time and they will be two and eight instead of two and six ! stuff the goddamn run . they be kill we ! no more stupid penalty , okay ?! concentrate . focus . we be only down by three point . we can win this mother ! I be sick and tired of lose ! be you ?! Three loss in a row . ( more ) ( continued ) 54 55 26 . continued : ( 2 ) 54 tony ( cont 'd ) be you guy sick and tired of this ?! stand up if you be not ! raise you hand ! raise you hand if you be a pussy ! stand up , let 's go ! the team be poise , clenching up , except for Washington who rise laconically . tony what the hell you do , J ?! julian I do not want you to be the only one stand , coach . a tense moment -- then all bust up laugh , include d'amato . tony gentlemen , this be we house ! we live here . do not let they fuck with we in we own house ! we be gonna get some point on the goddamn board if I gotta get out there myself and throw the goddamn ball ! now let 's go and kick some second - half butt ! shark ( as team ) football , ahhhh !!! whatever it take !!! bathroom # 2 55 as the team roar out of the locker room , madman be eager to rejoin he crew . madman Doc , I gotta go ! power no! stop ! you i.v.s ! do not bend you elbow ! madman ( a sweet baby look ) Doc ?... do you mind ? ( continued ) 55 56 27 . continued : 55 power understand that if he can not bend he elbow that he ... he sigh and wrap a stretch of tissue paper around he hand -- as mandrake poke he head in the stall , enjoy the view of power wiping madman 's ass . mandrake say , allie , you want to get a little chinese food later and talk about this ...? ext . tunnel - night 56 Winter 's night have now fall as the team holler , exite a narrow tunnel onto the field . the stadium be charming but decaye ( 1930s wpa architecture ) and in need of significant renovation ... Jimmy sanderson , the young star wide receiver for the shark , repeatedly adjust he shoulder pad , talk to himself as he walk ; he be all hand and nerve , a thoroughbre with a sweet personality . sanderson I be precision -hone , muscular - tempere steel . my move be cosmic . time to save the day . my leg , torso and arm be energize powerthrust dominant weapon ... I can save the day ! shark ( bypass Willie ) who 's that you be throw to , kid ? the receiver or you get some other shit on you mind ? Willie get the message . several fan , intoxicate , hurl profanity , peanut , beer , seat cushion at the shark . one obese fan in particular : fan you stink ! hey , beam ! if you could chuck a football like you chuck vomit , you would be a all - pro , ha ha ha ! Willie ignore he , but when the fan throw he beer at he , it empty on madman , who be rush out last , he ivs go . enrage , madman roar and try to go up into the stand after the unlucky fan , but be restrain by teammate . ad lib ... ( continued ) 56 57 as57 58 59 28 . continued : 56 madman you think that 's funny , asshole ! I be gonna eat you fuck lunch , buddy !! ( etc . ) time CUT : scoreboard # 2 57 third quarter . minnesota 31 , miami 21 . 7:14 remain . Minnesota have increase its lead by one touchdown . sideline # 18 a57 tony pace anxiously . field # 14 58 the Miami defense try to stop a long gainer by the Minnesota run back , propelling he 230 lb . right at shark lavay , who upend the run back , one on one ... shark be the best open-field tackler on the shark , but as he take that few extra beat rise , adjust he shake frame , congratulate by teammate , he expre - sion reveal the weary price he pay -- at 34 , go on 50 -- for this leadership role . sideline # 19 59 power now kneel next to the defensive end , Beast man , come off the field onto the bench with a agonizing , dislocate finger . power ( to trainer # 2 ) Lou , get he x-ray before I set this ! beast man ( vehement ) how ' bout sometime next week , Doc ! how long you be here ! I do not give a fuck if I be blind , deaf , and fuckin ' dumb , get I back out on the motherfuckin ' field ... power hesitates as mandrake pass by , see the problem , and make the adjustment without think . ( continued ) 59 60 61 62 29 . continued : 59 mandrake ( to power ) oh for God 's sake , allie ! it 's just a ... ( to Beast man ) Beast man , concentrate and think of pussy . pop ! Beast man 's finger crack back into place . beastie hardly wince . power ( to Beast man ) you be still gonna need a x-ray after the game , Beast man , okay ? Beast man mutter something venomous under he breath , and move off . field # 15 60 use he bare white foot , the smallish Eastern european Miami kicker drill a graceful 38 - yard field goal through the upright . time CUT : field # 16 61 everything move fast in the big league . too fast . Willie again too quickly break from the pocket , scramble the offensive and defensive line up and down the field , tiring they ... unable to find he receiver , he take off run ; make it over the middle of the field for a first down plus another five or ten yard before he be pulped in two different direction . sideline # 20 62 tony , hide he eye as if from a car accident , shake he head , to crozier on the headset . tony ... kid 's fast , but he be not gonna last , Nick ! crozier ( v.o. ) he be a alright corner at San Diego till he get hurt . watch the foot . genius ankle , like Julian . ( continued ) 62 63 64 30 . continued : 62 tony he may be a ballerina , but where 's the brain ? he just call another play that do not exist ! goddamn ! settle he down , Nick ! field # 17 63 Willie drop back , and without any pressure , throw a perfect 10 - yard interception over the middle into the arm of a Minnesota linebacker . the stadium turn really sour , boo Willie as he walk off . branson ( v.o. ) ... no word yet on cap rooney . the only thing we do know be , he 's be X -ray at the hospital , but right now I would say it do not look good for the shark ... sideline # 21 64 tony be wait for Willie , like ahab himself . tony what the hell be that ?! you just do not fling the goddamn ball downfield into traffic like ... willie ++. sorry , coach , I think it be man-free and he look open . tony we call go Z read ! what the hell be you do change the play when you feel like it , without even know who the hell you be ... willie they be waitin ' for the hitch , coach . they be there . I have to go for it . I see daylight ! tony ( seethe ) daylight ? shut the fuck up and listen to I ! listen to I now !... you be a new player on this team . you get I ? ( more ) ( continued ) 64 A64 65 a65 31 . continued : 64 tony ( cont 'd ) you be nobody to I or anybody else here till you prove yourself . and you start that by do what you be fuck tell ! you get that ? willie I get that . tony now get out of my face and next time you be out there , control the goddamn ball ! he stalk off . Willie , close off by tony 's intensity , move to the bench . on tv b64 tony be say some pretty rough thing . branson ( v.o. ) you read lip , tug ? tug ( v.o. ) Hell yeah . that be a major at nebraska . owner' BOX # 6 65 the box have be thin out of associate and friend , who have obviously sense Christina 's mood on the phone . christina I do not care if you have to chopper the guy in off he yacht , harvey -- bring he out here right away ! and get I the name of the top neurosurgeons in the country . I want the best ! intercut with : tv monitor a65 Willie now fumble a simple hand - off to Julian Washington ... the fumble be recover and Willie call a time - out . 65 66 67 32 . christina 65 slam she hand down in frustration , share a 65 look with Ed Phillips . she be a strong , energetic executive in she late 20 , raise by she decease father , founder Art pagniacci , to be a son and gain the respect of a man 's world , to the point of acquire a " take no prisoner " attitude . she call up to : intercut with : coach booth # 2 66 crozier be polite , though bother by she interference . christina ( v.o. ) why ?! why be he call this play ?... Nick ? he 's get to take a chance ... Nick ! tell he ! crozier I be do my best , miss p . I can not just ... christina ( v.o. ) make some noise . sideline # 22 67 Willie , come off the field , move towards d'amato , expect the worst . instead d'amato throw a arm around he shoulder and walk he along the sideline -- in a paternal tone : tony okay , what 's wrong , Willie ? what 's wrong ? willie it 's move fast , coach ... but I know I can do it . I can do it . tony just take a breath now . believe I when I say you can only get better , kid -- and you do not have to worry about get the hook -- ' cause I get no one leave , okay ? he grin . willie I stink . I be not myself . ( continued ) 67 68 33 . continued : 67 tony look at I . look at I , son ... you know how to play the game . you be play it all you life , right ? willie right . tony you grow up in Dallas , right ? willie yeah . tony okay , maybe you be back in Dallas right now . you be enjoy yourself . you be back in the " " hood , " right before you mama call you for dinner . go to the buick , turn around and I will throw it to you , you throw it back . a game of catch , remember that ? willie «+. somethin’ like that , yeah ... tony my point be -- Willie -- just forget about the crowd and the formation and the audible and the whole goddamn playbook . just focus on this one next pass . ( carefully ) Willie -- go to the buick and turn around . there 's a special , soothing tone to the way d'amato express himself , when he want . a voice that make you believe . time CUT to : field # 18 68 Willie walk up to the line . a fierce new concentration occupy he . all SOUND drain away . he be distract by nothing ! the crowd have become a semi-real phantasmagoric beast with a thousand eye . on he own face there be a extraordinary , savage look -- primordial . ( continued ) 68 69 70 71 72 34 . continued : 68 he bark out the signal , silent ... soundless , he backpedal , cock he arm , finger tight on the lace , fingernails digging in ... he eye like radar ... the read ... one receiver ... two receiver ... a quick , strong release ... a fast , clean spiral -- yet it seem to sail for hour through the air . «+. caught by sanderson at the 20 ! the beginner 's luck hold when the two Minnesota defensive back collide into each other , fall down , and sanderson run freely into the end zone for a td !... now -- a explosion of SOUND . the first td of a career . sideline # 23 69 d'amato allow himself a small smile of pleasure -- a long time come . the offense be cheer -- alongside montezuma Monroe and he defense , who now pay the offense a little attention . field # 19 70 player slam a stunne Willie on the back . WASHINGTON .+. ' less you wanna kick the extra point , you better get off the field , dawg ! sideline # 24 71 the shark mascot -- a guy dress in a huge foam shark costume -- dance the " shark dance " ... as madman trudge up to Dr. power with blood drip from he mouth . power madman ?... madman one of that cheap mother fishhooked I in the mouth with he thumb ... I try to bite it off but he jamme my mouth guard up and rip up my gum ... hurt like the lamb , man ! sideline # 25 72 Willie 's eye look for d'amato -- who acknowledge he from a distance . ( continued ) 72 73 a73 74 75 35 . continued : 72 sanderson disrupt the moment , in Willie 's face , twitching as he repeat himself over and over . sanderson ( repeat ) hey , you git it , money ! you gat the magic ! time CUT to : scoreboard # 3 73 minnesota 31 , miami 31 . FOURTH quarter . 12:00 ... field # 20 a73 Willie , play with some real confidence , run a option pass right , and complete a 17 - yarder to the second receiver . field # 21 74 this time Willie head leave , fake well off he right shoulder to keep the db deep , then take off on a adventuresome run through the Americans . he 's a natural - bear athlete , but the Minnesota defense exhort a price for make they look bad -- pound he hard after a 13 - yard gainer . insert at the bottom of the pile , the linemen wrestle one another , go for the eye and nut , anything for the edge ( ad lib ) ... Close to Willie , at the bottom , madman growl : madman Boy , do we get a dental plan for you , buddy !... payback time ! we hear the crunch of he elbow and a painful grunt from the abuse party , who presumably " fishhooked " he earlier . referee # 2 get out of there , guy ! come on ! knock it off ! climb out ! field # 22 75 the shoeless wonder boot a 45 - yard field goal dead center through the upright -- a thing of beauty as the fan revive they hope , start to pick up on Willie beam . at5 76 77 78 79 36 . scoreboard # 4 minnesota 31 , miami 34 . sideline # 26 tony be just a little bit happy , finally , but can not show it . owner be BOX # 7 so be Christina , turn to johnny polito . christina can you believe this ? a third - string quarterback ... who find he , johnny ? polito I think arnie spot he before he leave ... this stick in she craw -- she fire " arnie . " PRESS BOX # 2 even in the cynical media , there be a appreciable shift of interest in the young quarterback . jack rose ( to colleague ) can you believe d'amato 's luck ? he 's look at four loss in a row and he ass be save by this nobody ? what a story ! back to he laptop ... time CUT to : owner' BOX # 8 Christina seem more relaxed on the phone , discreetly to the side . the game be meander toward conservatism , close to win , and friend have slip back in . ad lib chatter , food , drink . ( continued ) a75 76 77 78 79 79 80 81 37 . continued : 79 christina ..-. Van ness ?! dominic , he 's a hundred year old , for God 's sake ! find I a quarterback who 's under fifty , who 's solid , be around and can get we to the playoff ... ( pause ) no , it look like some surgery on he lower back , a L -5 I think , but there 's a chance he can get back by the playoff ... on tv 80 Miami 's offense be on the field at they own 29 , 2nd and 8 . the score read : minnesota 31 , miami 34 , FOURTH quarter , 1:54 leave . it look good . sideline # 27 81 yet tony prowl nervously ... trainer # 2 adjust the air in ice hawkins ' ( tight end ) helmet , who complain to power about the large black and blue bite on he neck . ice -+. goddamn motherfucker bit I on the neck ! power ( examine it ) +. you be lucky , he do not have aids , Ice . ( grin ) get I a Band - Aid and some hydrogen peroxide , it will be go in a week or so . ice my old lady be not gonna believe that shit ! she gonna think some hoe jump on my dick . power I will give you a note . ice she do not believe nothing she read anyhow . 82 83 84 a84 85 38 . coach booth # 3 82 crozier be a little nervous . tony ( v.o. ) deuce Left 22 Red Beast read . crozier come on , tony , they be give we the flat . let 's run smoke and ... tony maybe they be look for the pick . I be not take chance . not with this ballerina . field # 25 83 a bulldoze straight - ahead three - yard run by Washington . third down and five . coach booth # 4 84 crozier ( insistent ) I know Willie , tony ! they be scream for he to dump it out there !... it 's wide open ! intercut with : sideline # 28 a84 tony that 's just it . I know this coach , Nick ! and he 's a prick . it 's a set-up . run it again . deuce Left 22 Red Beast read . crozier tony , they be stack up for the run -- tony you hear I . crozier relay the call . huddle # 5 85 Willie hear " the voice , " do not like the call either . ( continued ) 85 86 87 39 . continued : 85 willie okay , same , same , deuce Left 22 Red Beast read . on two . WASHINGTON money time , boy . get I five and we be home and dry and flyin ' high . sanderson let the D win it , J -man , we do not need no first down . punt get we out of here . WASHINGTON that 's how come you do not score with the lady , ' two Race , ' you get no showmanship . willie cut the bullshit ! Red Beast read . on two -- ready ! WASHINGTON ( to Willie ) I will be flyin ' my F - 16 , dawg , do not fuck I up ! the team break , Washington with a particular strut about he , taste victory already . sideline # 29 86 tony see the Minnesota defense stack against the run right . coach booth # 5 87 crozier see the same thing . especially from this height , the defensive adjustment be clear . crozier .+. tony , take a time - out ... come on ! ( as tony 's voice break up momentarily ; under he breath , to Willie ) audible leave , kid ! just do it . tony ( v.o. ) time-outs be for tv. negative ! 88 89 90 91 ag1 40 . field # 24 88 Willie hand off to Washington , who power into the line , see nothing -- he eye wild like a horse around fire -- he roll along the line search for the hole -- think he see one -- go for it . swack ! he be blindside by the tall , reptilian defensive end , who hatchet he from high , then drive he helmet into the ball , which pop out high and loose and crazy . it be a spectacular fumble -- the kind of fumble all run back have nightmare about -- Washington desperately dive back for it -- but everyone else be diving too , include Willie . a swift Minnesota safety make the snag -- racing past confuse Miami player -- some 24 yard , into the end zone . touchdown . branson ( v.o. ) oh my God ! oh no ! tug ( v.0 . ) oh yes ! you worst nightmare as a run back ! branson ( v.o. ) Washington be look for that first down . Big mistake ! Willie be on he knee , unbely ... Washington drop he head , the loneliest man in the world . a gash of blood crawl down inside he helmet from he forehead . sideline # 30 89 tony be not so much stunne as resign , believe now that nothing can change he luck . owner be BOX # 9 90 Christina and everyone else in the box mutter quietly , in retreat ... stand # 2 91 the fan turn ugly , throw thing onto the field . scoreboard # 5 a91 flash the new score : minnesota 37 , miami 34 , 1:32 ... 92 a92 b92 c92 41 . minnesota sideline # 1 92 the Americans be ecstatic . miami sideline # 31 a92 whereas Miami be devastate ! they very life - force threaten by this fourth straight defeat ... the god have vote . despair and self - pity commingle . owner' BOX # 10 b92 Christina watch the replay of Washington go through the line . christina two hand , you showboat ! two goddamn hand -- you ... intercut with : on tv c92 the fumble as highlight ... utilize she cane , Margaret pagniacci leave the room with she small , dote entourage and two white schnauzer dog , absorb she daughter 's passion with a detach amusement . margaret oh , it 's not so bad , honey . you will wake up in the morning . we once lose a game -- two second to go on one of that stupid ' hail Mary ' pass . my lord , it just stay up there forever and this tall negro gentleman jump up so high like a basketball player and pick it right out of the air ... I think you daddy be gonna have a heart attack . he be so upset , you have no idea ! ( laugh ) you know , he just lose year of he life here ... ( kissing Christina on the cheek ) he die because of this . do not take it all too seriously , darling , it 's just a game ... christina ( really piss ) good night , mother . ( continued ) c92 95 42 . continued : c92 she turn to she husband , Andy , who be accompany she mother home , and kiss he . christina make sure she get home all right , would you , Andy ? no stop . «+. make a drink motion . andy ( nod ) how ' bout I ? shall I wait up ? I have plenty of homework . christina Nah , do not bother . I would be ina lousy mood anyway ... andy ( squeeze she hand ) I be sorry ... do not forget I be in Boston tomorrow for two day . christina ( have forget ) oh !? andy maybe three . complicate deposition -- insurance company . i'1l call you . christina ( sadly , as he leave ) kick they ass ! int . locker room # 4 - night 95 d'amato walk through like a undertaker . d'amato ( yell ) all right , everybody , let 's huddle ! as the man slowly assemble in various stage of dress , pre and post - shower , some totally nude , d'amato cross to Willie 's locker , who seem off in he own world , undress slowly . ( continued ) 95 93 continued : 43 . 95 d'amato let it go , Willie . you play strong . willie I can not believe we blow it . I shoulda keep the ball myself . tony listen to I , kid ... ( wait till Willie give he he eye ) on any give Sunday you be gonna win or you be gonna lose . the point be -- can you win or lose like a man ? out there today you play like a man . that 's what count . it 's hard for Willie to accept a compliment of any kind . willie I be sick of lose , coach . tony do not quite understand the motivation there ; the rest of the team be wait . tony when you be my age , kid , you get use to it . ( to all ) awright , everybody , lissen up ! you play you heart out ! no blame ... nobody ! let 's get on we knee ... Father ... the team assume a collective prayer position ; tony signal the team chaplain . chaplain tough one today . I know how you be take this . I go to my play book and the book say : the rain fall on the just and the unjust alike . you be not specifically curse . Joy come in the morning . there be no atheist in foxhole . let 's pray . we Father who art in Heaven ... int . exam room # 2 - night ( later ) 93 on a cell phone , Dr. mandrake stitches a uneven , buckle suture onto Julian Washington 's forehead -- who yelp out in pain . ( continued ) 93 continued : 44 , 93 mandrake I be use a seven iron ... WASHINGTON ow ! how ' bout another number , Doc ! this hurt . mandrake ( veaching for the novocaine ) Doctor caine on the way , you pussy ! no you , I be talk ... power , in the b.g. , observe Washington 's budd scar , concerned , say nothing . trainer # 2 ( to mandrake ) Doc , ' horny 's will not shut up . can we get he some ... mandrake ( irritate ) you tell ' horny ' he perk day be over ! he know Association policy -- it 's a ' schedule 5 ' drug . give he two motrin and tell he to go toa ' witch doctor 's ... ( as " horny " suddenly make a appearance on he behalf ) you know you be gonna sue I anyway for the motrin , you skinny fuck ! horny , a white , runty defensive back and punter , be rather upset at the large flap of skin hang from he foot , which he proudly display . horny look at my fuck foot ! come on , Doc ! would you want to go on a double date with ' tank top ' look like this ? mandrake ( see the wound ) get that out of here . horny how do I get some attention round here ? ( continued ) 93 94 45 . continued : ( 2 ) 93 mandrake ( roll he eye ) try suicide . ( rush to leave ; to power ) I gotta get down to cap at the hospital . they do the m.r.i. , look like the disc rupture . they be go in tonight . could you finish Julian for I ?... know what he 's leave behind , mandrake rush out with the phone ; power sidle up to Julian 's suture . power hey , J , I be not gonna shit you . I know this guy , he 's a top plastic surgeon ... I think I can get he to see you tonight . julian what the fuck for ?! power ( how to say this ? ) you get a tv contract , do not you ? julian you know I get a fuck television contract . power -+. it be on - camera ? WASHINGTON ( suddenly look for a mirror ) m'fucker ... I will sew he asshole to he lip ! coach ' office # 1 - continuous action - night 94 in progress , a dozen or more press -- among they Jack Rose -- be gather around tony , in a lousy mood , give out he postgame interview from he cramped office . rose ( pseudo-amicable ) «+ . so , coach , what 's on you mind when you run the exact same run play twice deep in you own territory ? you nervous about you quarterback 's arm ? ( continued ) 94 96 continued : 46 . 94 tony you know , Jack , I have always love the run game , but I read so much about it ' cause of you , I decide I be gonna give it up . rose I beg you pardon . the run game ? tony no , read you . ( as they all laugh at Jack ) the pass be great , but it 's 2 - 3 guy involved . but a sweep -- y'ever really study a sweep , Jack -- rose Student of the game , coach . tony eleven man pull together , concentrate ... like a mind machine in perfect sync , hit every block and hole , it 's so damn beautiful ! football , Jack , at its purest . rose do that mean you be in disagreement with management , coach ? tony ( look at he watch ) no , it mean I be late to see management . tell you what , if I do not have the job tomorrow , you will be the first one to know , Jack , okay ? he leave abruptly . p.r. guy all right , folk , that 's it for today ... grumble all around ... omitted 96 98 97 47 . ext . stadium - evening 98 the quiet of the empty stadium fill the humid air . distant echoes of the roaring fan fall off into birdsong and frog croak out of the swamp . int . rooney' hospital room - night 97 coach d'amato enter to find cap rooney in bed , he lower back and leg support , a morphine drip in one arm and a iv in the other , unnaturally white and swollen from the hit -- do he stoic best to abide the searing pain in he back . Flowers fill the crevice of the room . he 's on a speaker phone with the boss , Christina -- while Cindy , he concerned and devote wife , acknowledge tony with a head nod . cindy ( to Christina ) «+. but do you see the wire ? I mean , why be this be play up like it 's the end , Christina ? I just do not understand -- it 's a minor injury . that 's all . can not the front office control the spin ? christina ( v.o. ) Cindy , look , stop worry about this ! the important thing be this thing , this ... microdisectomy , go well , it 's under control . we will make a strong statement in the morning , okay ?... cap ? ( as cap acknowledge ) I have be research vertebrae . and guess what ? -- there 's a great doctor in Minnesota . rosen . a specialist in rehab . I be gonna fly he out tomorrow . I find out two important thing ... cap ? cap ( mutter ) yes ? christina ( v.o. ) one -- you can live without the L - 5 disc , and two ... cap that 's good news ... ( continued ) 97 48 . continued : 97 tony quietly tuck in cap 's sweaty , strewn bed sheet , prefer not to signal he presence to Christina . he notice a large black and blue discoloration around the point of surgical entry in cap 's lower back . christina ( v.o. ) .+. and two , it all depend on you . we get the bye week . you could be ready as early as San Francisco . cap that 's really good news . tony give cap some water . christina ( v.o. ) I want you to rest up for tonight and we will talk tomorrow , okay . night , cap ... Cindy . she hang up . Cindy disconnect the call . tony how ya do , rock ? cap ( dopey ) man , I think that guy 's helmet would come out through my ass . I think I be go to die ! they go in -- take out my L - 5 disc . no big deal ... do we win ? ( as tony shake he head ) the kid do not cut it ? tony Nah , beam do okay . it be Julian fumble , they beat we by three . cap shit! Julian , man ... ( shake he head ) -.. what would the kid throw ? tony 9 of 14 , for 176 . cap tds ? tony two . ( continued ) 97 continued : 49 . ( 2 ) 97 cap Holy moly ! ( awkwardly try to sit up , scream ) oh God , shit !!... ( then calmer ) I can beat this !... tony the pain 's bad , kid . cap come and go . I can control my morphine intake ... but I can not get enough . tony I could use a drink myself . he pour himself some water distastefully , as cap play with he pump . cap ( yell with pain ) Cindy , do you call the nurse !? be this work ! Jesus , tell ‘em I be a football player ! Pump up the goddamn volume ! ( laugh ) «+». and christy think I will be ready to play in three week ... cindy ( on phone ) we have be wait ... tony she 's dreamin' . cap what be she deal ? all this flower . I have know christy since she be in brace , man . if Art be alive he would be here , not a bunch of flower . tony she 's President now -- what 's more to say . cindy she just do not want to bother you . ( continued ) 97 50 . continued : ( 3 ) 97 cap Montana , he have something like this . I be in better shape . a few week of rehab and I '1l be there , tony . playoffs for sure . tony you just gotta get over this Montana thing , rock . you be never gonna be that good . cap screw you . if I have a decent coach , I would be ... tony take it easy , will ya ! do not overachieve . breathe . even at 50 percent , there 's nobody better out there ... cap playoffs ... I will be ready . tony touch cap gently on the head . tony it 's late . i'1l stop by in the morning . get some rest . ' night , Cindy . she acknowledge he . cap tony ... ( as tony turn back ) do not give up on I . tony ( beat ) you be like a son to I , cap . I will fight for you till the day I die . he exit as the phone ring and Cindy follow tony out . cap Cindy ! can you get the phone ! cindy finally ! what do you do for heart attack ? wait till they pass ? 20 minute ago we ring ... cap close he eye . he can not find a spot of stillness -- the pain boil up again . 98 a98 51 . int . willie' apartment - night 98 in a high -rise apartment above the bay , sport a glorious view of the curve of the city against the ocean , shadow play off the balcony from the television within -- a mute " end Zone weekly " play ( note : this be not Jack Rose 's " Sports corner , " rather a espn - type national show ) . willie ( on the phone ) Mom , I do not know I be go in ... sure I woulda call you ... she want to talk to you . he laugh and hand the phone to he attractive girlfriend vanessa struther on the couch next to he -- a longtime sweetheart , she be study marketing . vanessa ( into phone ) Mrs. beam , hi !... yeah he be great !... no , I think he be just nervous ... willie ( un-muting the tv ) tell she I be on again ! vanessa oh , Mrs. beam , right now ! it 's on ! you gettin’ it ? ( to Willie ) I do not think they have that cable channel in East Texas , honey . willie here it be . I be about to do it . intercut with : on tv a98 Shots of Tyler cherubini go down ... Shots of Willie step in . tv voice ( v.o. ) ... in step third - string qb Willie beam , and after a very shaky start , beam hang in to deliver a surprising game , come up just short in the fourth on Julian ' the slicker ' Washington 's catastrophic fumble . not that Willie do not have he own nauseate moment ! ( continued ) a98 99 52 . continued : a98 the infamous vomit in the huddle on national television . Willie cover he eye . we also hear upset scream from mom on the phone . vanessa you do not tell I you throw up ! tv voice ( v.o. ) «+. the shark be now look at a 7 - 6 record with a very tough schedule comin ' up , but Tyler cherubini with a ankle sprain look like he will be ready next week . let 's hope in any case that Willie beam remember he tum for the Chicago rhinos next week ! Willie mute the tv , take the phone back from vanessa . willie .+. it be move so fast ... you be a cruel woman , mama ! ( more serious ) uh-huh ... no probably not ... no , I do not know yet . ( grow tenser ) mama , I ... look , I be number three , there 's nothing I ... they do not wanna look !... yeah , yeah ... you keep prayin ' , okay . say hi to everybody ... uh-huh , you too , right ... ( hang up , look at vanessa , deflate ) she want I to start . vanessa oh , baby , she just want the best for ya . she hug he like he Mom might . int . bar / restaurant - night ( 10:30 ) 99 Dark wall in this high - class hangout be fill with celebrity photo , especially the shark and dolphin . caricature of the football crowd hang over the bar where d'amato , Nick crozier , and montezuma Monroe drink . ( continued ) 99 53 . continued : 99 on tv Jack " ripper " Rose , the local expert on the shark , who seem to prove that the more you know about a team , the less you really understand , interview a guest on he local " Sports corner . " rose ( v.0 . ) ( on tv , to guest ) ... Frank , Frank , Frank , you gotta wonder why d'amato call that play when everyone know j- man like to pick he spot when he run ... and you be run the same play twice in a row ? come on ! there 's a reason this team have lose four in a row . forget about the offensive line and cap rooney . forget about money - grub greed -head Christina pagniacci who sell three of last year 's star . and forget about the defense -- there be none ! this team be just not in sync . they remind I of my ‘ex . ' she have 21 different personality . Seven of they hate I ... ( as he guest laugh ) no kiddin ' , I think d'amato 's play book have consist of the same 11 play since 1971 . it 's gotta be a short list than ' the History of Jews in Sports , ' but lucky for he , the shark have a couple of tooth leave in they head , otherwise this guy would be bottom - feed at 2 - 14 instead of thrashin ' at 7 - 6 ... back to scene glancing away from the omnipresent television ( several other dot the bar space , all tune to sport ) , tony drink scotch -- one of several -- he thought depressed and fatalistic tonight . four loss in a row be a phenomenon that have never happen to he before . mandy , a young glamorous woman , sit down the bar with a girlfriend , catch he eye . tony ( be : tv ) glad he 's not talk about I . ( continued ) 99 continued : 54 . ( 2 ) 99 crozier ( during this ) «+. you play safe , you lose . it 's just not a theory , they can prove it . you feed a computer all the game where a coach protect a modest lead -- 10 point or less -- 300 game , 10 year , there 's this guy he do this study at Harvard ... it come out the coaches lose ... 71 percent of the time ! monroe 71 percent my ass ! it can not be more than 40 percent , probably less . what 's the information they put in that damn thing ?!... shit , what be you guy gonna do next -- stick computer chip up my player ' butt so you can monitor what they shit 's think ? crozier ( sweetly ) that 's a great fuck idea , monty -- if you have any neuronal connection leave after what -- 20 concussion ? -- I might actually take that as a insult , but ... tony ( signal the bartender ) you get any more stat in that goddamn computer what the hell you need a coach for anymore ? I mean it 's like we be all rush forward here -- faster , bigger , smarter . we be all think too damned much ... we be not even look around at what we be pass by , leave behind ... you know what I mean ? monroe I sure do . the bartender pour another scotch , beer for the other . bartender here you go , coach . ( continued ) 99 continued : 55 . ( 3 ) 99 tony thanks ( nickname ) ... ( to all , note he caricature above ) y'know , I be start to look like that guy . that 's what 's fuck scary . monroe yeah , a little . crozier clear he throat , need to talk business . crozier y'know , tony , I think we gotta simplify the playbook for cherubini . this Rhino linebacker be fast little atvs . we gotta pick ‘em apart with precision -- cherubini to two tight end ; ask the wideout to go short over the middle ... more screen , trap ... tony Nick , I be not re-doing the whole goddamn game plan for cherubini with three more game . the linemen be not that quick , y'know what I mean ?... and when cap come back for the playoff , he 's gonna go crazy with a whole new call scheme , different rhythm , shit !... crozier tony , what I be say be if we do not redo the game plan , we will not make the playoff ... and what happen if cap do not come back this year ? tony ( start to anger ) hey , Nick -- when you get you team , you do it you way . but do not let I catch you tell anyone cap rooney 's not comin ' back , okay ? I do not care what Mrs. pagniacci junior say . stay out of it !... I have see cap do this for year . ( more ) ( continued ) 99 continued : he leave . 56 . ( 4 ) 99 tony ( cont 'd ) when he set he mind to it , he will walk right in there -- maybe ' gainst the emperor -- and he will shine just like a new dime , that 's how fuck great this guy be ! never underestimate ' rock ' rooney , okay ?... crozier I be sorry ... but we need a game plan , tony , that ... tony ( change subject ) +. y'know every time I drink more than two of this , I think of jeanette ... monroe how be that gal ? tony ( grimace ) we try talkin 's but we sound like two undertaker talkin’ shop ... monroe great lady , jeanette . you give she up too easy . tony y'ever try live with she , monty ...? she be nut . go fundamentalist on I . monroe ( finish he beer , to crozier ) they say a coach need three thing in this life -- a wife who shut up , a dog who lick he whenever he want , and a quarterback who do not get hurt ... so , this turkey 's wife take a hike on he , he dog get run over , and he quarterback rupture he goddamn back , talk about luck . gotta piss ... crozier mind if I join you ? ( continued ) 99 a99 continued : on tv 57 . ( 5 ) 99 monroe only if you hold you own dick , kid . crozier so tell I , monty , do you really play with leather helmet in the good old day ? tony ( chime in ) you forget the fourth thing , monty -- a defense ! I know it 's old - fashioned to keep the other team from scoring , but it 's effective . monroe kiss my ass , d'amato . lemme tell you something , kid , that leather helmet be fuck great ! they hold we brain in , ' cause back then man know how to hit and get hit . when they allow face - guard for you punk , that be the end of the game that I know ... as they move off : crozier do you defensive guy ever move you lip when you speak ? or be it true you all like grunt better ...? monroe I like grunt better than that techno-babble bullshit you offensive weeny talk ... tony 's eye wander , against he will , back to the tv . intercut with : a99 Jack Rose continue to talk a mile a minute -- on camera and then in background v.o. as we return to tony . ( continued ) a99 58 . continued : a99 rose ( v.0 . ) «+ . I tell you right here and now -- Chicago 's gonna wipe we out ! they get a playbook with 200 variation on the pass for chrissake ! sure d'amato like to act tough and ' keep it simple , stupid ' for we sharky , and some people even think he 's a genius with he book of 75 play , but hey , a lot of we think , you know , like this be no longer the ' 70 and the ' 80s -- hey we be talk the late ' 60 when this guy start coach -- and you all know by now how much of a fan I be of d'amato get himself a lobotomy or maybe clone with some goat because anything ... even Jack kevorkian , would be better than what we get ! give I some smack ! ( high - fives he guest ) give I a pound . give I some love ... tony 's eye have shift back to the caricature of himself on the wall , a man fatter , older , and more degenerate than he actually look . Mandy , the young woman he notice earlier , slide up next to he , sit , sip a non-alcoholic blue-ice number with a straw . mandy you be that coach , be not you ? tony yeah , tony d'amato . he shake hand . mandy wow ! hi. I be Mandy Murphy . I can not believe it . I think it be you but I be not sure . you look different on tv . tony you think so ? mandy yeah . you look much better in real life . you be always yell at people on tv . ( continued ) a99 continued : 59 . ( 2 ) a99 tony ( point to the caricature ) yeah well at least I look better than that old fart ... I think ? mandy you do ... tony ( start on another scotch ) thanks . how old be you , Mandy ? mandy how old do you want I to be ? ( as he shrug ; smile ) I do not think age matter . I really do not . I think older guy have a certain thing . tony oh yeah ? mandy yeah . older guy be the nicest guy . at least in my experience ... ( she gently touch he hand ) you know , I always want to meet you ... ever since I be about 17 , I be go with this football jock -- and I see you on the sideline . you be win this big game ... tony you mean the pantheon Cup ...? mandy yeah , that 's it ! that be wild . ( as tony laugh ) I would never repeat this -- only to you , you promise to keep this a secret -- ? tony I promise . ( continued ) a99 60 . continued : ( 3 ) a99 mandy ( whisper into he ear ) .+. I uh ... start masturbate to football game watch you ... ( also : ad lib ) ... tony 's take aback . she touch he knee , go further . mandy '' ++. you wanna go out with I ... ' coach ' ? tony you mean like on a date ? mandy yeah , like on a date ... ( lean close ) I get a place -- close by , quiet ... it 's a thousand ... five thousand for the night . you will not regret it ... ( pause ) what do you say , handsome ? tony thank you . I be flatter , but ... mandy you sure ? I get friend . ( indicate Monroe return alone from restroom ) I could do you friend too . tony thanks , Mandy ... some other time maybe . mandy ( disappointed ) Fair enough . hey , good luck with the team . I will be root for you ... ' tony ' a plucky kiss on he cheek . she slink away , as Monroe sit , enrapt by she leg . monroe mmmm ! dang ! do not tell I you pass on that , d'amato ? ( continued ) a99 continued : 61 . ( 4 ) a99 tony .-. I must really be drunk . monroe ... I hear sex help you coach instinct . but let 's get genius boy to run a stat on coaches who like hunt and fishing better than snatch , see what he come up with ...? tony ( laugh , segues ) ++. you think we be slow down , monty ? monroe shit , we be not get any young . this be long day , 16 hour , something 's gotta give . tony »+. you think you can lose you coach instinct ? monroe ( chuckle ) you never have ‘em anyway , so how can you lose ‘em ? tony well , that last play today , there be a moment when ... I do not know what to call ... that 's never happen to I like that before ... in 22 season ... monroe come on , we be on we third quarterback , Christina be throw play at we every five minute , and Julian 's about 10 year old upstairs . tony all I have be my instinct . I lose they ... I get nothin’ ... ( notice ) say , what would you do to crozier ? stuff he in the toilet ? 100 62 . int . tony d'amato' home - night 100 the letter " L " be write with a black marker next to the Americans on the season schedule ( Miami be now 7 - 6 ) . there be only three game leave in the regular season : Chicago , California and New York . tony cradle a cordless phone while drink scotch , as a computerize voice introduce jeanette 's voice on the answer machine . jeanette ( v.o. ) please leave you full name and a message after the tone and we will get back to you . tony ( into he cordless ) hi , jeanette , it 's tony ... I be hope you would still be awake . what time be it out there anyway ? I try to call earlier but thing get ... never mind . listen ... he walk into he bedroom , empty he pocket on the dresser . picture of the past confront he -- jeanette , a boy and a girl ; another of tony with cap rooney and Art pagniacci win the " pantheon Cup . " tony «+. tell Tommy we gotta game in l.a . in a couple of week . I be hope we could maybe get together ?... I do not have he new number but ... the thing be I would like to see he and ... and you ...? ( he weave , stumble as he look for something he drop on the rug ) I really miss the shit outta timmy and melinda ... y'know , love to see they , Jesus ! grandkid , jeanette , we get grandkid ... anyway , what 's there to say ? cap get hurt Sunday . just another heart - break Sunday right ? ( pause ) okay , well , bye ... he have cross to the toilet , where he unsuccessfully try to urinate -- all over the place . a computerize voice suddenly cut in to tell he : voice # 1 ( v.0 . ) .+-. you call have be cancel . please leave you full name after the tone and record again . ( continued ) 100 101 102 63 . continued : 100 tony aw shit ! ext . practice field # 1 - next day ( note : potential one of three football practice -- a brief montage set to music , that lead we to : ) ext . christina pagniacci be house - continuous action - 101 day tony drive up to a beautiful mansion on one of Miami 's bay in a older , elegant car . as he talk into a audio-video monitor , the gate roll open . int . christina pagniacci' office / house - continuous 102 action - day in a large cross -shadow private office , Christina and johnny polito listen to Ed Phillips on the phone -- notice tony 's drive - up on the indoor monitor ... the wall reveal picture of Christina with various high - power individual in the city ; a mba from Stanford ; other that be competitive at tennis and golf , on safari and ski with she husband ; shot of she as a young girl with she dad . in this image of fishing , riding , hunt , perhaps one sense that Christina be raise as a only son by Art pagniacci and forever embody the hardness of that fate . ed phillip ( 0.s. ) ( into phone ) well , we think 100 million be extortion too , Governor ... then will you file a friend - of - the - court brief on we behalf if we go up against the League 's transfer fee ?... great ! christina «+. you be sure ? no public bond issue -- no extra tax assessment ? ed phillip ( wave she off , nodd ) -+. could not ask for more than that ... good talk to you , Governor . say hi to Teresa . and Christina send a big kiss ! okay . ( continued ) 102 continued : hang up . 64 . 102 christina ( excited ) so let I get this straight : the Governor of California 's say there 's nothing for the public to vote on , right ? ed phillip ( pleased ) that 's what he 's say . he 's get a way to finance a new stadium in hawthorne , with lottery and casino money ! as long as we partner with this realty company he 's push ... johnny polito sure . he own all that shit land he want to get rid of . christina +. he give we the full concession , parking , signage , sponsorship money ? ed phillip ( nod ) --. and 100 percent from the luxury box and club seat ! christina ( amaze ) my God , L.A. be a dream ! you realize they be give we the world , Ed ?! ed phillip ( downplay it ) well , it 's certainly good enough to leverage the City of Miami into a new stadium . christina oh , Ed ! it 's more than that ... ( pause , see tony 's car pull up ) I just do not trust small back this stadium bond . dad always say he be a thief in a tuxedo ... she glance at a picture on she desk of she late father . beneath it in the silver frame she have have engrave : " whatever it take . " ( continued ) 102 continued : 65 . ( 2 ) 102 ed phillip what do you expect ? small be a asshole , but he will deal . he always have . and he know we have get a big glitch anyway . christina we do not really , Ed , we can ...! ed phillip you keep underestimate the power of the franchise , Christina . they do not want we ! they want a expansion team in L.A. which they can make a lot more money with ! johnny polito bullshit ! they want a establish team with a fan base . a new stadium with a multiplex theater shopping mall . we be in the entertainment business , ed. think football in the 21st century . ed phillip johnny , have you get some sleazy little side deal I do not know about yet ? johnny polito Ed , you be get old . ed phillip «+ . and you be get greedy , johnny . christina the Association will listen to reason . L.A. be a entertainment empire ! it can easily handle two team . here , what ? the wrong fan base . no Hispanic player , no Hispanic fan ... ( off silence ) Ed , if ever you owed dad a favor , make it this one ! this team will be bear again in l.a .! ed phillip what about the rosenthal bid ? christina ( think about it ) $ 250 million ?... it 's so low . ( continued ) 102 continued : Christina , tony in . 66 . ( 3 ) 102 ed phillip be not so low when you dad and I start . johnny polito with a new stadium and a win team , Ed , we could sell the team for 800 million . ed phillip ( disbely ) you be like you father that way , darling -- a dreamer ... my advice to you be , sell the goddamn team . you do not really want to own a football team , Christina . you be still young -- start a family . conflict , watch as she housekeeper show christina I still like this business . let 's keep this quiet for now , Ed , can we ? int . live room - continuous action - day tony look hungover and bump into something , as Christina cross into the giant-size live room . christina come in ... Morning , tony . tony Christina ... Ed . you know , I keep look for the a.t.m. machine in this house ... johnny polito I never find one that work . christina alka -seltzer ? tony ( roll he eye ) no. I already have breakfast ... at four this morning . christina ... Hell of a loss , we be so goddamn close . ( continued ) 102 a102 67 . continued : ( 4 ) 102 remote in hand , she flick on a state - of - the - art video screen . on tv a102 the shot of Washington fumble in excruciate slo-mo . christina you know , I can see why my mother somehow get herself into a drunken stupor watch football game all she life ... but this kind of play make you want to jump out the fuck window ! tony you can run that play a million time , christy , but it be not gonna change a thing . on any give Sunday ... christina ( overlap ) ' you either gonna win or you gonna lose . the point be can you win or lose like a man ? ' dad say a lot of catchy thing . tony actually I say it , but ... christina but he never could stand lose , could he ! ( as Julian fumble again ) '' + . but J. just could not resist go for he bonus yard ? tony blame I , not Julian . it be my call . christina +. I know it be , tony -- but I will tell you this -- Julian be not think about you , he be think about the extra million dollar he get when he hit 1500 yard ... ( glance at Ed ) which , by the way , definitely help blow out we fuck salary cap for next year ... ( continued ) a102 68 . continued : a102 tony you be the one who negotiate he incentive clause . christina «+. which be why I would like you to sit he out -- then maybe he will get he head into the game . and save we some dollar in the bargain . tony pretty smart move , christy . you want I to bench my all - pro back ? any other suggestion ? a testy edge to the dialogue , as Christina freeze the image of Julian fumble . she show he the sport section of USA today -- fold to a condemnation of the team , specifically tony . although raise to treat tony like a " uncle " in a large italian - american family , the team come first and foremost . christina sarcasm be not a solution . four in a row , tony . they want you head . without cap , it 's gonna take a miracle to make the playoff . tony ( be : the newspaper ) .». you father would laugh at this jerk , christy . we be a solid team , and we be gonna get to the playoff . this be not the time to panic . christina I be not ' panic ' -- but no surgeon I know in the country be say cap will be back by playoff time -- even with the bye week ... tony ( wave it off ) doctor be like lawyer , always protect they ass against malpractice ! ( continued ) a102 continued : 69 . ( 2 ) a102 ed phillip tony , without the playoff there 's no more tv money . and frankly , I do not think we have a chance in hell of get this new stadium bond issue through ... christina ( weary of tony ) «+. the economics just do not work -- the fact be this season be a disaster , a write - off . it 's over ! now tony 's headache be get worse . tony it 's ' over ' !? the hell it 's over ! we be there before -- I can pull this out . I always have . worse thing than this have ... christina dad use to say , ' no intensity , no victory . ' where the hell be you intensity , tony !? we be always in the playoff . four year ago the only thing we worried about be win a third pantheon cop ! now what ? we be a second - tier team , tony , that 's what ! ( as he object ) .-. no , admit it ! you be not be honest , we be the fifth , sixth team in this league . we just do not get the respect anymore . for chrissake , tony , just four year ago we win the pantheon Cup ! do you remember ! we beat the pants off Massachusetts ! dad would be shocked to see this mess we create ... tony be fume , but a part of he know she 's right . tony ( darkly , pace ) I be there , christy -- remember ? we be solid , we be just not inspire . we get too many free agent ... ( more ) ( continued ) a102 continued : 70 . ( 3 ) a102 tony ( cont 'd ) ( indicate the freeze tape ) .-.. Julian 's a ' merc ' who 's here for the money and he bring that attitude with he to the team . the end of the season , he go . and we rebuild we run game and ... christina ( piss ) running game !? okay -- you always talk about a run game . but who care as long as you win ! people want to watch pass , touchdown , high score ! that 's the game now , tony !... we pay a lot of money to get Nick crozier here from Minnesota specifically to modernize this offense . but when I look down at the field I do not see any new play call , I do not see he do what he do best . and frankly , what be most disturbing , be I do not see you even listen to he call from the booth ... tony football be play on the field , Christina , not in the goddamn box ! you know that when you have candy stick in you brace . when would you forget it ? christina ( bristle ) so you know everything about everything , right , tony ? another silence . Ed cough . Christina regret the atmosphere , throw up she hand and pace . ed phillip ( excuse himself ) listen , why do not you two ... christina ( in a yield tone ) Ed , stay ... ( to tony ) you gripe about Julian Washington but you completely ignore the problem with cap and shark ? I do not get it . ( continued ) 71 . a102 continued : ( 4 ) a102 tony if we would get the linemen I want in the first place , we first two quarterback might still be walk . christina think about the future . do you know what we could get for cap right now ? probably a first anda third draft choice . he 's still get a arm , and people respect he . we know he 's finish but if we be smart , we can ... tony no , I do not know that , christy , I do not ! cap 's get two , maybe three great year leave in he . this be football . today guy in they 40s be play ... ( a silence ) do I gotta remind you he help build this franchise , which you benefitte from ? that he 's a hero to the work people of Florida . and one of the great pressure player of all time . you just do not cut a man like cap rooney ! christina Excuse I -- cap and shark be great , but memory do not pass and tackle like they use to ... tony shark change lineback forever ! he make a quantum leap in the game !... christina ... and we can say good - bye to both of they with dignity ! with class ! we will give ‘em position in the front office , retire they number . a go - away day that ... tony ( angry ) that go without say . but I be not cut cap rooney or shark lavay . no matter how much not class ' you do it with . ( more ) ( continued ) a102 continued : 72 . ( 5 ) a102 tony ( cont 'd ) my contract be very clear on this point , christy . I coach my way . I never tolerate interference from the front office and you father never interfered when ... ed phillip ( politick ) tony , Art spend money like water . he never really care about the bottom line . he want to win at any cost . in the modern game , with marketing cost high as they be ... christina tony , I be not re-sign a seven - million - dollar - a - year , 39 - year - old quarterback no matter how big he be . ( point to a stack of budget sheet on she desk ) I crunch that number every month till my finger bleed . we make less money than 90 percent of the other team . the economics simply do not make any sense ! tony ( intense ) fuck the economics ! you father , you hear I ! you father never interfered ! he make it work ! christina ( equally intense ) «+ . because you be a fighter then ! you have intensity , tony ! but today he would cut you ass ! because that 's just the way the game be now . I love this team as much -- if not more -- than you . I be bear into this goddamn business , so do not try to make I out to be some heartless bitch in a skybox bleed my player dry ... tony what 's you point , christy ? ( continued ) a102 continued : ( 6 ) christina ( draw up ) the point be ... as much as I respect ... my famous ' uncle tony ' -- the team 's just not respond to you , and I will be damned if I be go to let everything my father fight for slide down the drain with you at the helm . I will do anything -- you hear I , anything -- to bring this team back to greatness ! tony I guess I have nothing to do with that . it be all you dad ... be I excuse now ? 73. a102 he throw a hard look at Ed , who look away . tony stalk to the door . christina ( after he ) who 's play the child now , tony ? do I have to remind you of what kind of ground you be on ? everybody 's get to negotiate ... you too . tony ( at the door ) be you say my contract 's up at the end of the year ? and the ' economics be not there ' ? be that what you be say , christy ? christina +. you know , you be not offer I a whole lot right now , tony ... ' whatever it take . ' I be just do it the way he do it . tony you be not even close ... you know how you dad and I use to negotiate my contract ? we have a beer and we shook hand . christina I do not drink beer , tony . tony ( exit ) no , I guess you do not . Christina share a look with Ed . she shake she head : " beer ? " 103 104 105 106 74 . ext . " shark " stadium - game 2 - chicago rhinos at 103 miami shark - field # 1 - day Miami qb Tyler cherubini release he throw far over the head of sanderson . the crowd boo . tug ( v.o. ) ... this have be a tough start for Tyler cherubini , who have yet to find he rhythm . branson ( v.o. ) «+. only two for eight so far and sack three time . ouch ! 14 -3 Chicago . second quarter . eight minute leave ... stand # 1 104 shark fan be sullen . Signs read : " d'amato be a dinosaur " ... image of d'amato in Thanksgiving turkey feather , etc . the capacity , again , be at best two -third . sideline # 1 105 coach d'amato talk quietly with Tyler cherubini and cap rooney , use a cane in civilian clothing . Willie , ignore , watch from the bench , not warming up . as cherubini wander off , the qb coach fetch Willie . d'amato 's eye now flash on he ... tony get beam . field # 2 106 shark rage up and down the defensive line , fake a blitz , bait the young Chicago qb . shark hey you , white - bread ! get you cup on ? ' Cause I be gonna runneth it over !! ( to Chicago lineman ) I be gonna stomp you , b.j. , and then I be gonna stomp you million - dollar bonus baby white - ass quarterback and then I be gonna go up in the stand and stomp both you mommas ! ( continued ) 106 107 75 . continued : 106 the Chicago qb , make a little nervous by shark , bobble the ball slightly ... shark , read the trap , find a lane through the Chicago line for a crush hit on the baby - bonus qb , who pop the ball loose ... Miami 's " Beast man " instantly pounce on it . shark , congratulate by he teammate , rise hurt , and hide it ... in a brief , micro-moment : he Pov reveal : blurring ( spx ) on teammate and stadium . sideline # 2 107 Willie , in he oddball way , walk up to the edge of the sideline , with tony . tony how do you feel ? willie I always feel good . tony feel like throwin ' up ? willie Hell no ! tony hey , last time you puke you have a hell of a game . willie that be last time . tony make a ritual out of it and people will respect it ... go right at ‘em . go with the spread . what I want from you be concentration . focus. downfield . every inch . see it before you do it . you see it , you do it . willie I get it . I feel it . tony so ... what be you wait for ? make I a believer . ( continued ) 107 108 109 110 76 . continued : 107 Willie head out onto the field . time CUT to : field # 3 108 willie set Black 33 , Black 33 , go ! Willie , on a play action pass , take off run , gesture to he blocker , direct he flow like a experience back ... he be slam hard after a big 32 - yard gain to the Chicago 43 yard line ; the crowd roar with lusty approval . Julian Washington eye Willie wearily as he bounce up . be this kid go to be another runner in he backfield ? coach booth # 1 109 crozier on the headset upstairs : tony ( v.o . ) will you teach the kid how to slide , for chrissake , Nick ! before he kill himself ! how many time I gotta tell you , I do not need another Julian out there -- tug ( v.o. ) there must be a reason why this kid be cut from so many team . sooner or later this kind of quarterback get themselves hurt with wildman stuff like that ! for a few extra yard it sure do not make sense ... but that they gotta learn ... time CUT to : field # 4 110 at the Chicago six - yard line , Willie survey the defensive alignment . willie set , Green 68 , Green 68 , go ! Julian rush forward leave of Willie for the hand - off -- but Willie do not give he the ball -- Julian break for a confuse micro-moment , then throw himself forward into the pile -- as Willie race right , as if to run , then loop a high , curving pass to the second wide - out in the end zone . touchdown ! a110 111 77 . scoreboard # 1 a110 read chicago 14 , miami 10 . third quarter . 02:41 ... sideline # 3 111 the stadium PA system explode a triumphant " shark theme " as Willie jog past tony on he way to the bench , crossing the kick unit on they way in ... crozier ( v.o. ) ( into helmet ) good play , baby ! good call !! tony ( to Willie ) what the hell be that ?! willie bootleg . tony I know it be a goddamn bootleg ! Julian pass tony , shaking he head ... Willie gulp down gatorade as tony come after he . tony «+. bootleg ? very creative . I never think of that in a million year . in fact , I do not call that ! I call a goddamn double tight regular 22 Fox . you know what that be , son ? willie yeah , I know what that be . tony get right in he face , indicate the game plan in he hand . there be no back down . tony you run the play I call -- you with I , son ?! willie I be with you , boss . tug ( v.o. ) glad we do not have a microphone down there , folk , ' cause I would not want to be on tony d'amato 's dark side now , would you ? ( continued ) 111 112 113 114 115 78 . continued : 111 as tony stalk away , Willie 's expression be one of quiet anger . tony ( on headset ) be he fuck with I , Nick , or do not he know the play !? montage # 1 ( willie beamen as qb ) music be upbeat , as Willie slice and dice the L.A. defense : field # 5 112 Willie step back and throw a precise 25 - yard spiral , aim for the pocket on Chicago 's 5 - yard line -- it sail perfectly to a place where Jimmy sanderson accelerate to reach that sweet spot in time where ball and man meet -- sailing right past US into the end zone , the Chicago safety trail . touchdown !... Willie race down to the end zone for a celebration . scoreboard # 2 113 chicago 17 , miami 17 . FOURTH quarter . 7:03 ... montage # 1 - field # 6 114 Willie fire a crisp bullet of a pass to the tight end in the chancy seam of the zone . huddle # 1 115 voice ( v.o. ) ( helmet ) hustle right switch 60 bravo . hustle right switch 60 bravo . willie ( to team ) okay , switch 60 bravo -- hold it . what 's switch 60 bravo ? WASHINGTON sprint draw regular group . it 's moneytime . ( continued ) 115 116 a116 117 79 . continued : 115 willie ' sandman , ' you guy 's lay back -- sanderson all day . willie how about 88 turbo ? sanderson that 's what you want , money , that 's what it be . WASHINGTON hold it -- that my play . willie that be you play . this guy be do ! let 's kill some rhinos . twin right 3 Zig 88 turbo . on two . ready ? they clap and move to the ball , Washington upset . sideline # 4 116 tony watch the new formation , amaze . tony ( headset ) ... now what in the holy see be he do ... crozier ?! coach booth # 2 a116 crozier ( actually delighted ) Hell if I know , tony ... montage # 1 - field # 7 117 willie set , Red 88 , Red 88 , go ! sanderson race for the leave corner -- Willie not take he eye off he , he pump fake the ball to he -- but once the Chicago defense commit to he sleight of hand , Willie bootleg it towards the right end zone . two defensive back reverse and run right at he . it 's go to be a race to the wire . ( continued ) 117 118 a118 119 80 . continued : 117 stunt the db have he beat by a yard or so . but Willie leap into the air at the 2 - yard line to avoid the diving tackler . then , find himself have to go yet higher , he flip in mid-air , take himself over they head , pad and all , into a somersault , landing scot - free in the end zone . td ! amazing ! owner' BOX # 1 118 Christina can not believe what she just see , look at the : tv replay a118 Willie 's somersault be something that be go to make the highlight reel for a long time to come -- he second week in a row ! tug ( v.o. ) kev , do you see what I just see ?! branson ( v.o. ) I sure do , tug ! and Miami go ahead , 23 - 17 . christina ( to Ed , genuinely puzzle ) where 's this kid be all this time ? in d'amato 's doghouse ? PRESS BOX # 1 119 Jack " ripper " Rose also sense a turn in the destiny of he team . he Pov downstairs at Willie -- back to scene -- inspire he to rap excitedly at he laptop , a poet in disguise describe a new major athlete ... insert ( tbd ) . 120 121 122 123 81 . montage # 1 - sideline # 5 120 Willie trot off the field , look for d'amato , about 15 or 20 yard away , with dare in eye that say , " you want to win or not ? go fuck yourself ! " ... cap , next to tony , read the situation , but the rest of the team , stand and milling , be simply awed by this new discovery . tug ( v.0 . ) if I be tony d'amato right now I be look to the football god say , ' what do I ever do to deserve this ? ' branson ( v.o. ) you bet ! tony must have be good to a lot of widow and orphan over the year . a back - up quarterback like this ? on tv 121 tony watch , deeply perturb at have he play change by this young , arrogant enigma . he keep it inside . end of montage # 1. dissolve to : omitted 122 ext . mansion ( miami ) - boat dock - night the star be out tonight . establishment Miami meet football jock meet business supporter meet politico , meet sex and alcohol . it 's also a charity event , design by the shark ' p.r. Department to deliver a Children 's needy Fund some million dollar a year , most of which be be raise tonight -- with , naturally , the colorful Mayor tyrone small in attendance . Julian Washington roar up to the dock in a dramatic cigarette boat -- product logo for he sponsor all over it . four gorgeous girl cling to he . flashbulb explode , the paparazzi eat this up as much as Julian . int . mansion - continuous action - night 123 cap rooney and he gorgeously - attire wife Cindy now enter , the glamour couple of the party , though cap still struggle with a cane . the photographer descend on they , click . ( continued ) 123 124 82 . continued : 123 watch all from a discreet corner be tony , interrupt by three fan / businessmen come up to he for autograph ; unsuccessfully , he try to duck away . fan hey , tony !... coach !... how ' bout a autograph ? etc. ext . mansion - podium - continuous action 124 a banner read : children' fund of miami . flashbulb and camera idolize Christina present a check to mayor tyrone small , a boisterous afro-american in he 60 . christina .-. so , on behalf of the Art pagniacci Foundation , ( with a glance to she mom ) I be glad to present d.a.r.e. with this $ 250,000 contribution ... much applause . mayor small ( dramatic ) the city of Miami would like to thank Christina pagniacci , you be a great miamian ! you have do as much as anyone to eliminate drug and crime from we city street ... -+. and you shark have provide wonderful role model for we inner-city youth to look up to . I be all for it , honey , now let 's get down and party !! raucous laughter . people have long come to accept the Mayor 's idiosyncracy . small greet Christina 's mother , a blitze Margaret , on the podium , escort by Ed Phillips . also there be Andy , Christina 's yawn , tired husband . observe this in the crowd be Willie and vanessa , who feel herself out of place and underdressed for this affair . she excuse herself to the lady ' room ... as Willie walk over to sanderson and Julian . WASHINGTON ( at Christina ) definitely some nice ham -- like to pork she when she be not lookin’ ... ( continued ) 124 a124 83 . continued : 124 sanderson she do not want you ass , man ! that husband dude of she 's get she snatch lock up like Fort knox anyhow ... willie «+ . if you gonna be with a white girl , might as well pick the right one , get some pull , the one on top . WASHINGTON ( overlap ) I be already on top . I just want to fuck she . sanderson ( be : Margaret ) the ghost , baby . the High priestess of the paycheck ! oooh , tell I there be not some fine - look ' dime ' here ! I gotta get I some phone number ' fore Heather close I down . what about you ? ( look ) vanessa police you ass ? willie do not worry you little brain none , ' sandman , ' I get a skeleton key end of my dick fit all lock . fan now envelop they , singling out Julian ... vanessa , return from the bathroom , she makeup even worse now , can not help but notice Willie openly gaze at woman of beauty , with finer clothes and jewel . time CUT to : ext . mansion - garden off veranda a124 shark sit next to Dr. mandrake 's girlfriend trish , a buxom 20 - year-old , talk with a very rich elderly couple and several other couple , who do not notice shark 's hand find its way beneath the table between trish 's thigh ... shark ( to elderly couple ) «+ . the point of the game , see , be really about contact -- the more intense the better . ( continued ) 84 . a124 continued : a124 older woman ( v.o. ) do it really hurt when you hit someone ? shark sometimes , but it 's all good ! trish squirm in she chair . 125 omitted 125 126 int . mansion - bar area 126 Christina be try to get the Mayor 's attention , surround by he entourage . christina so , tyrone , can we talk now ...? mayor small ( for all ) so , where be that bold and beautiful quarterback of yours , Christina ? Christina , put off , turn impatiently to cap and Cindy , approach . christina cap , say hello to he honor . cap pleasure to see you again , sir . you know Cindy ...? they shake hand , ad lib . as photographer snap picture . mayor small ( to cap ) show I some love !... ( to Christina , sotto ) ... I mean the other quarterback . you know -- the black dude . christina who ? cap ( overhear ) he mean Willie . ( continued ) 126 127 85 . continued : 126 christina oh , of course . ( sweetly ) cap , do you think you could find he ...? thanks . Cindy , you look beautiful . cap and Cindy share a look of disappointment as they go . int . upstair gallery 127 tony and Margaret pagniacci , lean against a upstairs railing , take in a view of the party below ; Margaret comment on the affa pantheon Cup ring that tony wear tonight , part of he formal wear . tony ... this kinda place I keep look for a a.t.m. machine ... margaret «+. do you wear it often ? tony ( offer she the ring ) Nah . just special occasion . look too weird . I get ona plane , I gotta check it ... margaret ( hold it lovingly ) Art wear he in bed . you know he spend hour design it himself ... ( ambiguous ) .+. he cut my cheek with it once . I ble . tony be unsure how to respond . tony Margaret , we need someone ... a football person out front who can ... margaret tony , stop . Christina 's in charge now . it 's the way Art want it . this catch tony off guard . 128 86 . ext . garden off veranda - back at shark table 128 shark .-. it 's like , have you ever see a woman give birth ? -- lotta blood , sweat , and tear , right ? -- well , football 's a man' way of have that baby ! trish 's hot , flushed face say it all . she adjust she panty under the table , allow better access for shark 's hand . the other listen intently to shark . elderly man ( impeccable accent ) what be you best hit , mister lavay ? shark +. well , one time play in pour rain , I be deep ... ( he hand move ) «+. deep in the zone ... they be on top , drive . they fullback be stuff the ball down we throat every play ... murmuring slightly , trish stretch , wrapping she lip around a strawberry from she dessert plate . shark he come inside again ... I be jam full force into the hole ... wham ! fumble ! trish ( breathless ) ohhh ! right there ...! shark oh yeah , right then and there !.. now the ball 's bounce free . I be grop for it , finger all slippery wet ... Dr. mandrake approach the table . shark the fumble come my way ... only a few second leave on the clock and ... he see trish 's look . he see mandrake 's distance . Racing the geometry ! ( continued ) 128 87 . continued : 128 elderly man # 2 '' + . well , do you score ? trish orgasm just in time -- sink into the chair , muffle she sound with a napkin . shark Hell yeah , I score ! mandrake sit next to trish , sense something . trish conceal she expression when he fondle she . mandrake what do you say we hit the road , hon ? trish '' ++. oh come on , harvey , do not be a fuddy duddy ! you be always in pajamas by ... mandrake protest . shark have remove he hand , but notice madman nearby , come on strongly to one of the local society dame who impress he with she face job and jewelry . his pregnant , pathetic mouse wife sit alone in a corner , want to cry . shark ( vise , to the table ) do not go away ! ( indicate madman ) this guy 's turn into my night job . I will be right back . he move towards the dance floor ... madman ( to the lady , ad lib ) ... what 's wrong , let 's you and I cut the rug , honbun ! ( pause ) c'mon , I be not good - look enough for you ? what do you think , I 'ma damage case ...? shark grab he by the lapel and smack he fairly hard across the face -- not discreetly . madman register it , then want to kill , but when he see shark , he grunt docilely ... ( continued ) 128 129 130 131 88 . continued : ( 2 ) 128 shark yo , madman ! I can not take you ass nowhere !... ( emphatic , as if to a schizophrenic ) Patrick 's wife be in the corner , Patrick ! it 's not the time to be " madman , ' be it ? shark look sheepish . int . mansion - bar area 129 Mayor small embrace Willie in a extravagant bear hug , as Christina and other look on . mayor small be proud ! you be the future of football in this country , son ! you be a model for you people now , Willie beam ! a black man unafraid ! stand tall and gimme some sugar , boy ! Willie laugh , hug the Mayor back . willie you be pretty cool yourself , Mayor ... a photo op develop . vanessa go unintroduced -- she feel very hurt , not understanding why Willie would ignore she or be he that embarrassed by she ? she wander for the wrong solace over to Cindy and the other wife , chat in a small group . int . mansion - bathroom 130 the once pristine bathroom have deteriorate . Guest soap be crush on the floor , towel in the tub . Julian and sanderson cavort with some girl . ext . garden off veranda 131 drs. power and mandrake walk together . power sanderson 's be after I for stuff ? ( continued ) 131 continued : 89 . 131 mandrake he 's like jell -o . just say no and he will ooze off . guy 's get a insecurity complex the size of China . power what 's he on ? mandrake ( shrug ) I do not know . rit , vike . end of the season I be gonna put he in ' the laundry bin ' ( off power , puzzle ) «+. Clinic ... ( for power ' benefit ) «+. quietly , allie ... mandrake sense power do not understand he approach . mandrake y'ever play hurt , allie ? ( off he puzzle look ) College , high school , whatever ? power not really . I play baseball at u.c.l.a. mandrake ugh ! I hate baseball . nothing happen . bunch of farmer stand around scratch they nut look for fly ball . in football , we all go one way till we get there . power where 's that ? mandrake who the hell know , but what count be ... power sound like socialism . y'ever see spike fly in you face , harvey -- or a line drive come at you 100 mile per hour ? ( continued ) 131 continued : 90 . ( 2 ) 131 mandrake ( teasing ) u.c.l.a. baseball , ooh , brutal sport ! ( seriously ) allie , we gotta work together more -- make sure the guy get there , know what I mean ? power ( pause , concerned ) «+ . we have always keep we patient inform , harv , it 's part of the deal ... mandrake where , in Palm Beach ? this be Zaire here ! this guy be steal hubcap while you be write prescription . they have four year to make a million dollar , that 's it . a short life but it 's a goddamn glorious one ! -- as long as you do not mess with they mind ! power I do not understand . what would I do ? mandrake you mess with Zanucky tell he he will be ready in two week . what if he 's ready in one week ? then because of you he will be think he 's not really ready . power well , he ask I , and I ... mandrake you what ?! you know , allie , I know young guy would die for this job . you be make I think I make a stupid mistake , and I be gonna be embarrassed here ... power oh , come on , harvey ! I give up a lot of income to come here , I ... ( continued ) 131 132 continued : 91 . ( 3 ) 131 mandrake do you now ? you still do not get it , do you , sport ? this be not f. Scott fitzgerald in white buck time ! this be a privilege to be here ! this be a spectacle of gladiator with brain for the mass ! it 's a fuck brilliant concept ! and I do not care if every one of ‘em have to play hurt -- you , I , the team , we all play hurt , that 's life , sport ...! so do I a real favor and get off you high horse , and get down where the worm feed ...! int . mansion - loggia 132 crozier try to snag Christina 's attention span . crozier ( change subject ) '' + . can I be honest with you , Christina ? it 's a waste of my time . I come up with the edge we need -- the stat , the probability -- and he just look at they and shrug -- it 's like he do not believe it . christina I know . crozier it 's really frustrating . it 's all gotta be he -- little napoleon with he ' instinct ' ! christina ( look for the Mayor ) be patient , Nick , when the time come -- crozier I just want you to know I be get offer , Christina , you gotta know that . I want to stay , but I will not waste another season under tony . she now see the Mayor free ! and go quickly . ( continued ) 132 133 92 . continued : 132 christina ( cryptic , to crozier ) you will not ...! I promise . int . mansion - tea room - night 133 the wive hold court . heather if my husband do not get it five or six time a week , we have problem at home . pregnant wife we be at that pace , but we have slowed down a little . another wife except on game day . cindy that 's when I want it most -- but with everything he 's on ... wife # 1 dexamethasone ? cindy and extra-strength hydrocodeine . heather oooh , that mix make Jimmy crazy . can not get it up . mary Count you blessing . what 's it call again ? Cindy , at the top of the food chain , take notice when vanessa appear . cindy Willie manage to keep he food down tonight ? vanessa ( do not get it , smile ) he 's just fine ! hi. I be vanessa struther . ( continued ) 133 continued : 93 . 133 cindy Jack have such a laugh about that ! I be Cindy rooney . heather Jimmy have to order new shoe . ( shaking hand ) Heather sanderson . vanessa now understand the reference to she fiance . cindy be you and Willie marry ? vanessa no , but we have be together for -- cindy do not count until you be marry , honey -- and you name appear in the paper as ' and wife . ' they all laugh . mary and not even then , most of the time . cindy do you have a job ? vanessa no , I be still study for a m.b.a. in sport marketing . at dade Community College . but Willie and I have have to move so many time to ... cindy Marketing ? you be a smart one , I can tell . vanessa and what do you do ? cindy me? oh , I be marry to the best quarterback in the a.f.f.a. , that 's all . I consider myself part of a team really ... vanessa ( not sure of she attitude ) oh , that must be very fulfil for you ... 134 94 . ext . boat dock veranda 134 Christina be at last alone with the slightly - inebriated Mayor . christina why have you be ducking I ? mayor small I always forget how pretty you be , Christina . christina cut the crap , tyrone . mayor small what 's this bug you get ? christina «+. I want the 250 million you promise I ... ( he look like a sphinx ) you know I can get the rest with the bond . you say you would give I 100 percent support and now you be get cold foot just because ... mayor small «+. how you gonna pay it back , darlin' ? christina I already tell you -- we will split revenue on the club seat , the corporate box , all the concession , the stadium - name rights , and the increase in ticket sale . there will be 10,000 new parking space . and we will be pull in almost 40 million in personal seat license over ten year ... the concept of a new stadium , t.j. , fund the whole deal . without it , no ... mayor small ( mock ) ' personal seat license ' -- that 's the biggest bunch of bullshit ! -- how the hell can you sell the same seat twice ? I see some pretty smooth scam in my time , but only a white man could come up with that one . the fan gonna burn you , honey . ( continued ) 134 continued : 95 . 134 christina ( patiently ) .-. all the fan really care about , tyrone , be win . and if I do not have the money I need to stay competitive , then this team be finish ! that 's the bottom line ! mayor small there be not no bottom line , baby . it 's a endless fuck pit ! ( genuinely ) you team 's not doin ' what the dolphin be doin ' . the school be howling for money , road need redoing , a new stadium 's the last thing on the city council 's mind ... christina I be not ask you to vote , t.j. I be ask you to deliver ! we have be back you since dad 's time , get you people pass and money they never dream of . we be there for you , and ... ( delicate ) .».. and if you be not there for we , t.j. , I be tell you this ... we would seriously consider leave this town . mayor small ( smile infuriatingly ) sweetheart , you outta here when the city and the county say you outta here . you lease be not up for two year so do not start set fire you can not put out ... christina ( sure of herself ) oh , there 's ' loophole , ' tyrone . like the goddamn stadium be fall apart , you know -- you have not contribute one fuck penny to maintenance on that relic ! I remodel the practice facility out of my own pocket . I ... ( continued ) 134 135 continued : 96 . ( 2 ) 134 mayor small ( smile ) now that 's the pagniacci I believe ! I see you tooth ! get down , girl ! christina ( resisting ) -.. we be a pro team , t.j. , and we be play in a college stadium build in the ' 30 , and we be losin ' a ton of fuck money . when be you ... mayor small yadda , yadda , yadda ! daddy 's girl , you be a relative baby in this town . go slow . first you get along ... then you go along ... ( put a arm around she ) come on , honey , you and I know each other too long . you root be here in Miami . why would you want to leave ? you dad create such love , such a foundation ... christina tyrone , I be tell you again -- time be run out and you be play with fire . mayor small ( grin ) that 's the only way I play it . christina ( grin back ) then we will see how you like it . she leave , piss . it look like L.A. for sure . time CUT to : ext . garden off veranda 135 the party be get rowdy as Julian , sanderson , madman , shark , and other heat up the dance floor . Cindy turn to a nasty woman whose breast implant be as big as she hair . ( continued ) 135 136 continued : 97 . 135 nasty woman Nice dress . Nice party . cindy ( bored ) thank you . do you come here with Julian ? nasty woman ( threaten ) no , but I be leave with he . so do not even think about it , honey ! cindy oh please . ext . boat dock veranda - night ( following ) 136 montezuma Monroe intersect Mayor small ; they know each other . monroe hey , ty. mayor small what 's up , brother ? monroe ( indicate Christina ) hi , ty ... could not help hearin ' that Christina conversation ... mayor small ( shaking he head ) same old story , brother . owner cry break , y'ever meet a owner who be not losin ' money ? this guy make extra sure the team lose money . they share a know laugh . monroe I tell ya I wish I have a fraction of that stadium rights -- I would take the concession and parking and ticket -- that 's some real bread there ... ( continued ) 136 137 98 . continued : 136 mayor small Stadium 's where it 's at . now they invent this ' name rights ' and ' p.s.l.s ' . it 's all tricky doo . we do not have the money for that stadium . you guy gotta fight through it till you have a successful season . that 's the reality ... ' Lady Di ' there think she 's pull the wool over my eye and go to l.a . he laugh . monroe ( cautiously ) -+. now I do hear something ' about that ? mayor small ( grin ) -.. she be not go nowhere . keep it tight , monty . either way , you get a job here a long time to come . the Mayor return to the party as Monroe look down into the garden for tony . music waft out from the party . ext . garden off veranda 137 Margaret pagniacci 's hold onto tony 's affa ring , alone with he ; he 's have a little too much to drink . tony ' life begin with a kick -off , ' Art use to say that ... he be a great man , maggie . he be there at the beginning . his kind , forget it ! -- dust ! now they be all ... ( see Christina approach ) know - it-all -e.s.p.n. analyst . christina hi , tony ... we better get go , Mom . it 's get late . Margaret rise , hand the ring to d'amato . margaret yes it be ... ( to tony ) --. too late . ( continued ) 137 138 99 . continued : 137 Christina want to connect with tony as he toy with he ring . christina ... I remember when my dad design that ... ( a awkward silence ) I guess I will have to wear mine on a chain around my neck , huh ? tony how ' bout you win one first ? christina I be just try to -- tony ( get up ) no . win one first . he walk away . ext./ int . willie' apartment - night 138 Willie and vanessa be fight , tension in the air . the tv be on to the Jack Rose 's " Sports Center " as Willie try to analyze he playbook , a icebag wrap tight around he right shoulder . insert - playbook show the complexity of the system , the number of play , the mumbo-jumbo , which would be tough enough for any student of the game to learn -- but for Willie , who be unschool , it come hard ; he frustration mount , as be vanessa 's . back to scene vanessa ( volatile ) ... be you embarrassed by I , be you ashamed to introduce I to the Mayor ? be that it ... Willie ? ( as he do not respond ) be it my dress ...? ... what the ... Willie ?! Willie change the subject , indicate the playbook . ( continued ) 138 a138 138 continued : on tv meanwhile , he guest . 100 . 138 willie goddamn book ! think be die on that field . do be feel . feeling be what it 's all about ... ( flipping page ) I think like this , I will get kill out there ! I gotta play my way -- like ' I be the shit ' ! you do not believe that , you be ... a138 the derange Jack Rose be go on and on to rose ( v.0 . ) ... at he press conference yesterday -- and with a straight face -- coach D. say that there be no problem with the play and that beam audible only twice during the game . uh-huh !... we all know tony the Tiger 's a demonic dude who comb he hair every which way but up , but I tell ya this guy could put a positive spin on toxic waste . be he for real ? or be it just I who feel he be probably coach the day Ray nitschke dislocate y.a . tittle 's shoulder ? scary ? you start to get the picture here , Joe ?... 138 vanessa -+. you be ' the shit ' all right , Willie , lemme tell you join a whole lotta shit on that team ! do you see the way that Cindy rooney talk to I ? be my dress too cheap ? do you give a shit !... she just about make I feel like a field hand ! who the hell do she think she be ! willie what 's she ass gotta do with you ass ? jealousy look ugly on you , vanessa . ( continued ) 138 continued : 101 . ( 2 ) 138 vanessa ( stung ) oh ? what be I so jealous of she about ? willie I tell you what -- you be jealous of anything ! you be jealous any woman who walk in a room with a better rap or a bag or a fuckin ' hairdo ! ' Cause it 's always ' bout class with you . vanessa class !? you be talk shit ! I get more class than 90 percent of that skinny wrinkle bitch in that bullshit party of yours ! willie sure you do ... vanessa oh , Mr. bad ass Willie ! I see you in action tonight , chase the tail on that Heather sanderson . ( as he protest ) why do not you introduce she to the goddamn Mayor , Willie , you too ashamed to introduce I ... ( near tear ) ... after all this year ! goddamn you ass , Willie beam ... willie baby , I be not even thinkin’ about the Mayor . and I do not care about any of that crackhead hoe ! I get one thing on my mind and one thing alone ! I gotta concentrate on the game or I be not gonna be around too much longer , ya hear ! it 's my shot , baby , I have gotta grab this chip while I can . vanessa so whatcha really say , ' baby ' -- I do not look so good to you anymore ? ( continued ) 138 continued : bedroom . 102 . ( 3 ) 138 willie no , you be not listen , you ... I be sayin ' this be my time -- now ! I gotta rope the ring and that mean I can not be fuck deal with you run this bullshit number in my head . vanessa no ! what you mean be I be not good enough for you , Willie , that 's what you mean ! willie there you go again ! man , for a college graduate you be plumb dumb ! ' not V , ' you get so many damned problem , you gotta blame everybody else but yourself -- Cindy rooney , Heather sanderson , I ! baby , you gotta learn to chill ! vanessa ( infuriate ) ' chill ' !? Jesus Christ , Willie , you know when you get finish suck you own dick and playin ' ' bad ass football nigger , ' give I a call sometime ? willie ( blow up ) you mean you ex - fiance give you a call ! you wanna come at I now ! when I be face this ... ( hit the playbook ) get the fuck outta here ! Willie stand , slam the playbook shut , stalk to he she try to grab he and they struggle . willie watcha want !... do not touch my arm like that or I will bust you ass ! vanessa you gonna hit I ? oh it 's like that now ? yeah ! go ahead -- get real , motherfucker ! willie ' Real ' !? gimme a break ! lemme the fuck alone ! ( ad lib ) ( continued ) 138 139 103 . continued : ( 4 ) 138 vanessa I see you turn into one of they ' shit ' ! I tell you this , I be gonna call you mama ! Willie look at she , disgust . willie tell my mother what ! do not let my success get to you head , bitch . ( as she protest , " bitch ! " ) go right ahead ! and while you be at it , go find yourself some ' wigger ' who will put up with you petty , ' educate 's hype , ' cause you gettin ' on my nerve ! vanessa yes I be educate and you can not even read a goddamn playbook , Willie beam , ' cause you be nothing but a big -ass mama 's boy and you can take you football -- it 's the only ball you get anyhow ! -- and shove it up you stick - up ass ! ' Cause my big , beautiful ass you can kiss good - bye , baby ! ( at the door ) and you know what ! -- I will find I a smart , m'fuck gentleman ! I be gonna be sleep at darlene 's from now on . she might fuck better and you anyhow ! willie you get a ugly mouth on you , woman ! I be real glad I gotta chance to see it ' fore we kid hear it . get you lesbian ass outta here ! she slam the door violently on she way out ... Willie be really upset . int . charter plane - day 139 d'amato wander back from the first - class section through the aircraft . some nap , other mingle in a subdued atmosphere . he spot Willie sit near the back of the player ' section by himself , wear he headphone . he approach , wait . ( continued ) 104 . 139 continued : 139 Willie finally see he , or pretend to , take he headset off , clear he CD from the empty seat . tony mind if I sit down ? ( as Willie nod , tony sit ) whatcha listen to ? willie Rap . tony anyone I know ? willie biggie . tony ( shake he head ) y'ever listen to jazz ? ( as Willie shrug " who ? " ) .-. coltrane , monk , mile Davis , billie holiday ? willie ( do not know they ) do not go much for that old stuff . tony maybe I will put together a tape for you -- my favorite ...? willie I do not use no tape . I get CD . tony so , we will forget about that ... how ' bout you mama , she ever gonna come to a game ? willie .+. she think Sunday 's for church . he wait on tony , who go the extra yard . tony «+ . I do not know if you know this , I lose my dad when I be young , too ... ( wait ) -.. in World War two ... ( wait again ) ... if you ever want to talk about stuff like that , I be around ...? okay . ( continued ) 139 140 141 105 . continued : ( 2 ) 139 willie I will get at ' cha . tony you know where to find I ... Willie nod , mumble something incoherent . in front section 140 d'amato rejoin Dr. mandrake , read he Wall Street Journal . tony Hell if I can figure he out . mandrake who ? tony beam . I look in he eye and I see ... nothing . ( beat ) man never even hear of mile Davis . mandrake tony , he probably never hear of Joe namath . you look like shit . you sleep ? tony I be too tired to sleep . mandrake I get some great new sample for that . tony I bet you do . int . HOTEL coffee shop ( california ) - sunday 141 tony , in he game suit , have breakfast with he son , tom , a bland mid-level executive in he late 20 , with a Christian fish on he lapel . tony ... really , it 's no problem get ticket ? ( continued ) 141 continued : 106 . 141 tom ( uneasy ) well , he 's really more into basketball now . tony ( defeat ) .»». yeah ? how old be timmy now -- nine , ten ? tom eight . but we do not really call he timmy anymore ... tony oh , okay ... and melinda ? how 's she ? tom she 's fine ... tony you look good . tom I be try . tony you talk to you mom lately ? tom dad -- what do you want ? tony what do I want ? I want to see you . you be my son , for chrissake . what do you mean ? tom I have not talk to you for a year . a year ago Christmas ... tony +. Christ , gimme a minute , Tom , okay ? I have not see you in what ... tom six year . tony you never pick up the phone either -- so do not ... ( continued ) 141 continued : 107 . ( 2 ) 141 tom why would I ? tony all I ever do be ... tom ( on edge ) please do not !... when you do that you sound like a break record , dad . I get really upset ... tony look at he , wonder what he 's wringht . they hush as the waitress bring coffee and danish . she leave waitress coffee , danish ? why the long face ? ( off no response ) enjoy you breakfast . tony «+ . you know I will never forget a big mistake I make once as a coach . I hurt someone and ... I could not change what I do , so I deny it . threw some money at it ... and then try to forget it , block it out . ( beat ) you know what ? it never go away . tom ( now he 's upset ) no it do not and it 's too late , goddamn it , okay ! it 's too -- excuse I for my foul thought , Lord ! they come not out of I -- but it 's too goddamn late for that ! my son and daughter be do fine and you have nothing to do with that , and that 's all there be . tony Tom , come on , I ... I be sorry . I ... ( continued ) 141 142 a142 143 108 . continued : ( 3 ) 141 tom where be you on my Sunday , when I be play ball ? just ... just do not even try , okay ! tony ( now at the end of he rope ) can I just ... see they ? they be my grandkid , Tom !... please ? tom ( a grim pause ) +. with a child psychiatrist ... int . california stadium - day 142 game 3 . Miami shark at California crusader . field # 1 the crusader ' wide receiver run deep against the Miami DB , nearly catch a 50 - yard pass at the Miami 5 - yard line ... a yellow penalty flag fly through the air . scoreboard # 1 a142 miami 7 , california 14 . second quarter . 4:49 ... branson ( v.o . ) interference on Miami . that will hurt ! a tight game here ! look like a man 's down now ... at the line of scrimmage , it look like the ' shark ' -- luther lavay ! sideline # 1 143 tony be livid at referee # 1 , not notice shark . tony where be the interference ??!!... do you realize ... no !... you be give away 45 yard ! get the replay ! I will trade you a time - out for it , you ... ugh , ugh ! referee # 2 trot by tony , who jog alongside , to get he attention . ( continued ) 143 144 continued : 109 . 143 tony Charlie , give I a goddamn break . I know this be L.A. , I do not know nobody here , but give we a chance anyway ! ( indicate referee # 1 ) where 's that guy from ? El cajon , hawthorne , beverly Hills , what ? referee # 2 get back in the coach box ... tony share he frustration with cap rooney , in street clothes for the game , and crozier upstairs ; cherubini be relaying the signal to Willie on the field . field # 2 tony what can you do ? what can you do ? the system 's fuck ! I mean game be be decide by zebras in stripe . it 's just not fair ! ( then ) what the fuck be ' fair ' anyway ? 144 shark lie on the field , moan . mandrake , power and trainer # 1 test he joint . mandrake squeeze my finger . ( as shark do so ) great ! do you know where we be ? shark ( woozy ) -+. I know it be not munchkinland . mandrake who we play against ? shark that ugly motherfucker . mandrake who 's you quarterback ? shark that pretty motherfucker . ( continued ) 144 145 146 continued : mandrake well you do not see I play possum , do you , shark ? I think you can get up now . shark fuck , this be embarrassing ! Doc , do not let I pull a Willie beam . 110 . 144 power and the trainer help drag shark to he foot . sideline # 2 the crowd cheer for shark , come off , as .. tony ( at Monroe ) what the hell be go on , monty ! they be leak and you do not know where . fix it , goddamnit . do not yell and do not make face and all that bullshit ! just fix it ! he leave Monroe a study in total , betrayed frustration ... huddle # 1 Willie feel loose . willie ( singling out sanderson ) okay , not sandman , ' they should show cloud coverage here and lock Ice on the cross . the middle will be open . right deuce gun , F -shoot , 60 snake eye . on three . ready ! WASHINGTON hey , man , we can not run snake eye in the red zone ! willie j-man , you can get on my page or you can shut the fuck up ! on three . ready ! they break . sanderson hang back a beat . sanderson how the hell you see that ? 145 146 ( continued ) 111 . 146 continued : 146 willie I see thing better , brother . I see the future . you guy trail you on you inside route . Bend a little and hit the slim post . as they move to the line of scrimmage , madman be lose . madman I block the outside backer ? Les ' ... help I ? mckenna you get the nose guard . madman nose . face . yeah . willie set Blue 468 , Blue 468 ! Hut ! Hut ! Hut ! 147 sideline # 3 147 montezuma Monroe be rampaging up and down before he unit , piss beyond word . monroe they think you be a bunch of low - brow neanderthal shithead ! they think they be gonna gut you and leave you lie on the highway with you inside hang out for the buzzard -- ! shark ( a huge migraine of he own ) coach , you be gonna have a stroke . monroe I do not get stroke , motherfucker , I give ‘em ! a cry of grief from the crowd stop he . Monroe spin to the field to see a mad brawl of player for a shark fumble -- a crusader player come up with the ball ! and worse ! at the line of scrimmage , Leslie mckenna , the right guard , be down . 112 . 148 sideline # 4 148 as referee # 3 signal the California first down to a joyous echo from the home crowd , tony be scream at referee # 3 who jog over to he . referee # 3 ( wearily ) what be it with you , coach ?! tony goddamn it , sammy , he knee be down ! he be down by a mile . both knee be down . give I a goddamn break in this town -- that be no fumble ! referee # 3 to be honest , tony -- I do not really see it . tony ( a beat , shrug ) to be honest , sammy , neither do I . referee # 3 shake he head and run back to the field as mandrake hurry over to tony . mandrake tony -- bad news ! look like mckenna 's get a distend knee , tear everything , bloody nightmare -- he 's out ! tony how long ? mandrake if he 's lucky -- Easter . tony hurry towards Leslie mckenna in great pain -- be help off the field by Dr. power and trainer # 2 . 149 sideline # 5 149 Julian and Willie be go at it hotly . WASHINGTON the play be snake eye right -- right ! willie I know the goddamn play ! -- could not you see they adjust ?! ( continued ) 149 150 113. continued : 149 WASHINGTON you do not audible shit ! willie I call the color , man ! you just miss it ' cause of that wax in you ear . hey , ' sandman , ' do not I audible ? sanderson I dunno , man . do not get I involved . tony approach , dominate . tony knock it off -- all of you ! this goddamn screw - up cost we mckenna for the season ! why do not you both think about that for one goddamn minute ! sit down -- the bunch of you ! ( walk away , to crozier , on the headset ) goddamn it , Nick , you do you job and get he under control before he get anyone else hurt ! he notice a film crew in he face , recording all of this ; this bring he to the very edge . tony whatta you do !! get outta here before I kick you butt !!... get ‘em out ! Security quickly close down the lens . time CUT to : sideline # 6 150 the crusader sweep towards the Miami sideline , its big offensive line lead . this time the Miami defense penetrate they and gang - tackle the run back . tony ( to Monroe ) awright ! more like it ! you look alive ! ( continued ) 150 a150 151 114 . continued : 150 he turn away , eyeing the scoreboard , as he offense run out . monroe ( sarcastic ) thank you , boss . scoreboard # 2 a150 california 21 , miami 10 . third quarter 8:57 ... huddle # 2 151 Willie suddenly break from it and puke quietly , into the turf , clear he throat . tug ( v.o. ) oh my God . he 's do it again ! ( needle Kevin ) you know , that remind I of the night ... Willie walk back to the huddle , to he teammate . willie I apologize -- I have to get that out of my system . WASHINGTON hey , man , if that 's you thing , just stay off my shoe ... willie okay . let 's go . deuce right Dog 90 smoke . on three . Jimmy one , Andy two , j-man outlet flat . sanderson right . do not force it in if -- willie i_got it ! I 'mthere ! I 'ma righteous motherfucker ! on three ! ready ? field # 3 they break and move to the ball . Willie scan the defense , loose , enjoy himself . ( continued ) 151 a152 153 154 115 . continued : 151 willie set Green 21 ! Green 21 ! Hut ! Hut ! Hut ! Willie check off he receiver as they speed downfield , pump once ; the offensive line protect he strongly . two L.A. corner blanket sanderson -- but Julian be open , wait in the flat . WASHINGTON Willie !! Willie ignore he , he eye downfield -- a crusader ' lineman be almost on he when madman slam he aside at the last moment ... Willie take the shot -- it 's a dead perfect pass , thread the microscopic gap between two crusader ' defender . sanderson spin in midair so that the nose of the ball cross the goal line just as he be slam backwards by the back -- too late -- the ref 's arm shoot up -- touchdown ! Willie race down the field and grab sanderson , both of they break into a funky dance . field # 4 a152 upfield , Julian , not very happy , head for the sideline . sideline # 7 153 as Willie come off , tony hug he in a familiar , paternal way , which surprise Willie . cap rooney witness . tony do not fuck with a man 's ritual , right ? willie ' blaze the hot sand . 's tony I never understand a goddamn word you say . willie it 's all good , boss . time cut to : omitted 154 155 152 156 116 . field # 5 155 Willie run a option pass for 26 yard , and when he be pound into the turf , jump right up and taunt the defense . willie you_gotta hit harder than that , baby ! I can not feel it ! which make they want to kill he -- but madman and several other step in to separate Willie . field # 6 Willie , pursue by linemen and almost off balance , throw a incredible long bomb , hit he third receiver ; the ball travel almost 60 yard in the air . the receiver run it in for a touchdown ! tug ( v.o. ) wow ! as the shark go into they bye week , the story here have get to be Willie beam ! he 's run -- he 's throw -- he 's rockin ' and rollin ' and shuckin ' and jivin ' . he 's flat out steamin' . this magic Sunday , he 's ' steamin ' beam ' ! guest owner' BOX # 1 152 Christina , with local friend , study she new phenomenon . scoreboard # 3 miami 24 , california 21 . int . visitor's locker room ( l.a . ) - locker room # 1 156 - 6 pm the shark locker room seem too small to contain the combustible energy of this larger - than -life man . sanderson and other " dawg " rally to the boom BOX . perhaps Willie join in briefly ... coach d'amato circulate , congratulation all around ... cap do not have much to do , hang . in the b.g. , the doctor and trainer be busy . ( continued ) 156 117 . continued : 156 madman open a locker which be a shrine to the band metallica . madman put one of they CD on a portable player . shark oh , man , not that shit again !... I do not know why I even acknowledge this m'fuck psycho ! madman ( to shark ) metallica be god ! we live to serve they ! we should bow ! as the music of " so what " crank , other protest loudly ( ad lib ) . madman ignore they all , bang out the rhythm on he locker . elsewhere , smitty , the Christian , walk up to Willie . smitty ( come up to Willie ) say , Willie , some of we guy , we have a little Bible study group that meet every Monday . it 's no big deal , we just read some and talk . they say ' there 's no atheist in foxhole . ( chuckle ) we would sure like it if you could join we ? willie no . smitty oh super !... May I ask if you be a Christian ? willie fuck you , smitty . smitty what ?! willie how long I be on this team -- six month ? in all that time you ever speak to I ? now I win two game and you want I to join you Bible study group ? fuck you . smitty move off ... 118 . 157 julian WASHINGTON 157 be throw on he $ 3,000 suit , busy on he cell , while Willie watch nearby . WASHINGTON forget dorito ! I can do ruffle , too . one 's a corn chip and the other 's a potato chip , do not you get it ? tell they I get two different burger franchise and they do not give I no static like that !... Willie catch Julian before he exit . willie hey , j-man , can I talk to you a sec ? ( off no response ) say , good game today . you know if I be fake the hand - off to you , it look stupid you do not act like you be get the ball , money ... WASHINGTON whatcha you say , you ... willie y'ever see a movie ? you know , there 's the king , right ? but he be not no king till the other actor bow when he walk in the room , right ? he 's just this actor dude ... same with we , J. I be the q.b. , but you gotta act like I be the q.b. , you get it , ' cause if you be not pretend , it 's a fake , it make I look like some dumb - ass turkey out there runnin ' around try to throw a pass they all know be comin 's ... WASHINGTON who you talkin ' to , you afro m'fucker ! you a king in you own mind , bitch ! you out there ' bow ' to settle you own bullshit , do not ever approach I again , faggot !! 158 training area # 1 158 Dr. mandrake stitches sanderson 's cut chin , pull out a tray of bandage : ( continued ) 158 continued : 119 . 158 sanderson ( agitate ) I gotta come down , Doc . my tooth be ice cube , man ! mandrake try sex , you be make I look bad . League 's already question my benzo prescription . sanderson man , you be useless ! what the fuck we need a doctor for then ? mandrake you do not ! we be just corporate automaton anyway . no fault . no choice . no lawsuit . the way all society be go . it 's you overpaid m'fucker wreck the party anyway -- ‘my body be worth 50 million in bone , muscle , and tissue , blah blah blah ! ' you prescribe some spoiled crybaby the wrong thing and you be on you way to re-education camp in hanoi . sanderson hanoi ? mandrake Vietnam ?... never mind . or be it New York now ? corporate culture , baby ! I be actually one of the few good guy leave -- I stretch it a bit for you bonehead . sanderson ( reacting to stitch ) ow !! you sure stretch this stitch , man ! mandrake ( muse aloud ) you have no idea what it be like in the old day , ' sandman ' -- nobody would give a shit . I mean we be king . no goddamn random urine test , no ' spook police 's ... ( laugh ) shit we would force you to take the pill -- like candy . you could walk onto the field with a syringe in you ass and nobody would notice ... but it 's over -- like the weather . ( continued ) 158 159 120 . continued : ( 2 ) 158 sanderson weather ? mandrake El nino !... current change ? Global warming ?... hello ? sanderson you out of you mind . mandrake -+. all ' cause the association 's worth too much money -- now it 's bigger than coca-cola or Disney ... ( as sanderson be puzzle ) forget it . ( be : the bandage ) so what do you want -- bug Bunny , daffy duck , tweety ? sanderson you get spiderman ? mandrake if I have spiderman I woulda say I have spiderman . I get batman . sanderson ( brighten up ) oooh , fox alert at 4 o'clock !... daddy 's girl ambulate ... Queen Christina be here ! locker room # 2 159 the mood in the locker room shift quickly as Christina pagniacci enter , escort by two security guard in suit with earphone -- along with she vps . in a good mood , she pass most of the no- name player , signal or call out to some of she star ( ad lib ) ... cap notice she not " see " he ; Joe polito make up for it , come over to he , as she approach Willie . christina ( at she charming best ) Willie , congratulation , you be great ! really exciting to watch out there !! ( continued ) 159 continued : 121 . 159 willie ( a win smile ) I thrill to chill , mar 'am . christina two in a row ! ' whatever it take ' -- right . you make I excited about the future again ... other look on at the two of they . Willie , in he jockstrap , be come on to Christina ina cheeky , street way , show off he muscle . Christina , accustom to locker room and not see she player in any way as he do not competitive with she husband , ignore the fact add one stitch of clothing to he jock . Willie sense this gulf and will come to resent it as another synecdoche for the owner / player class structure . willie ( quietly ) «+ . I hope you do not mind , but you handle yourself real good in business and all . I do not b.s. , miss pagniacci , but you do it to I . how would you like to hook up for a drink , or something quiet ...? christina ( a little surprised ) .-. I be flatter , Willie , I really be , but I be marry . I have just never date player . it give the wrong impression . willie you mean you be influence by what other people think ? christina I think we all be , in business , Willie ... so , come by tomorrow and we will talk . I think you will like what you be gonna hear ... okay ? ( smile , correct he punctuation ) pagniacci . she exit . her eye catch tony , on the fly , through a cubicle window -- huddle with rooney , crozier , and Julian in the cramped visit coach 's office . 122. 160 coach office # 1 160 WASHINGTON «+. reebok get this whole ad campaign ready to go the minute I hit 2,000 yard . but it 's ABC , man , I do not get the ball -- I do not get my stat -- I do not get my money -- and I like gettin ' my money . crozier this team be not about you damn stat ! tony for that matter , you be lucky we be not keep track of you block ' stat , ' J ... WASHINGTON what 's that mean ? tony what 's that mean ? it mean y'ever try block for a change , j? it 's not that bad a idea ... WASHINGTON I be sick of hearing that shit ! I be tryin ' , but block 's for that clydesdale horse , man . you do not use a thoroughbre to block . you run he ass . tony that 's a win attitude , kid . WASHINGTON how much you payin ' that 300 - pound blocker , man ? let he block , ' cause he sure can not run . cap ( to tony ) ... look , j-man 's get a point -- beam 's not do he homework . he be not study the playbook , he do not come in to look at any film , he do not even know the damn name of the defensive player he 's face . he do not give a geewhiz about anything or anybody ! he just want to make the play by himself -- ( continued ) 160 161 continued : 123 . 160 crozier he 's young ! he do not know how to ' read ' like you do , cap . WASHINGTON fuck that ! he 's change the play , man -- all the goddamn time ! tony what ? what do you mean he 's change the play ? WASHINGTON I say he 's change the play -- in the huddle . the play you design that I love . just do what he like . tony in the huddle ? WASHINGTON I be not talk audible , coach . today he do it all day long . kid 's dissing this play , that play , say , ' I gotta better play . ' crozier hey , guy , we win . what 's the point here ?! tony 's think about it . shower # 1 161 player dance to a boombox playing in the shower ... madman try to join in but look ridiculous and they trash he cruelly . Willie shower next to shark , who , unseen , seem to lose he balance , grab onto a shower head ... willie ( to shark ) so guess what ? coach suddenly ask I to dinner . order I morelike . ( continued ) 161 162 belt . 124 . continued : 161 shark ( after a pause ) hey , that mean you make it , kid ! when coach D. think you be the real deal he bring you over to he house and show you he trophy and shit and make the most godawful jambalaya you ever taste . one thing though , you better bring flower -- coach get really piss off if you do not bring flower . willie Flowers ? shark some petunias or something . trust I ... when ? willie Saturday . shark that 's cool , I be have a bash at my place for bye week . wife and kid be up North . gonna be a lotta trim , so do not go bringin ' no sand to the beach , dawg ... willie hey , I be a bear again lady man ! madman now retaliate , throw a baby alligator into the shower , the tiny reptile terrifying most of this behemoth with its hissing jaw . locker room # 4 162 cap rooney catch Willie 's eye as the latter throw on some fray jeans , a beeper and cell phone hook to he adjusting he shade and headphone , he 's about to leave when : cap the thing about a team , kid , be you can try to lead ‘em . but will anyone follow ? you do not play for the team , the team 's not gonna play for you . go out there on you own , you will die out there on you own ... ' kimmo sabe ' ? ( continued ) 162 163 continued : willie say , cap , how old be you now ? Willie roll on out -- barely avoid the press -- who gather around shark . shark , in he underwear , put he sunglass on , bother by the camera light . shark reporter say , shark , what be you think when you come out of that concussion ? shark what be I think ? what be all this white guy do stand around here look at I , that 's what I be think , what a dumb -ass question ! next ? which crack up the reporter . trainer' office # 1 cameras mount , the room light , Jack Rose have the first go at tony , a tiny tape recorder in he palm . rose so what be you tell beam on the sideline , coach ? tony ( warily ) I be tell he how much I love he . they laugh . rose ( " friendly " smile ) follow - up question . you think you boy could have win the game without he , coach ? tony why be it every time you ask I a question , Jack , it sound like , " so , do you beat you wife ? ' you goddamn know I do not have a wife , Jack , and you know I do not play golf and I hate fishing , barbecue , and boat . I guess ... wall - stare , I be pretty good at that . ( continued ) 162 163 163 164 continued : 126 . 163 rose you still do not answer the question , tony ...? it 's like a routine between they -- on the edge of danger . tony no I do not because I tell you what , this be what I get to say to you about the game , Jack : fuck you , you stink , you know you stink , you would not know the truth if it be in you own shit -- so go talk to one of this poor innocent schmuck kid you can misquote and destroy ... okay ?! ( loud , walk away ) hey , do not we win ! do not we beat l.a .! two in a row ! we be back ! the reporter be somewhat stunne by tony 's erratic behavior . int . tunnel - twilight 164 Dr. mandrake be exite quickly , but Dr. power manage to catch up to he . power ( to mandrake ) «+ . there 's something wrong with shark . mandrake wow ! brilliant deduction ! do you go to medical school for that ? power he 's have trouble focus . his hand - eye coordination 's deteriorate and he memory , when I ...? mandrake he 's fuck up ! they be all fuck up ! they job be get fuck up ! the crazier they get , the more the crowd like they . ( continued ) 127 . 164 continued : 164 power ( undeterred ) harv , this be not professional wrestle . he need a head m.r.i. and m.r.a . mandrake stop . mandrake you be not even here six month , allie ! you be gonna order a 20 thousand dollar test for every nutcase on this team ? power he could have a subdural hematoma , intracranial bleed ... mandrake or he just could be a crazy fucker , okay ! listen , every Sunday this guy walk out onto that field , they only get one thing and one thing alone go for them -- they confidence ! ( beat ) you start chipping away at that with a bunch of unnecessary testing and we can kiss the playoff good - bye . power who 's ‘'we , ' harv ? mandrake ' we '! the team ! head into the playoff , you ... you innocent ! Television income triple . yes ! bonuse ! b.m.w.s ! 'o we , ' -- the team , what 's wrong with that ?! mandrake , agitate , resume walk . power follow . power be you say I can not give shark the test ? mandrake Jesus Christ !... I will take care of it , I will get you the result ! ( as power start to object ) I have earn they trust , allie . you have not . good night . 165 166 e166 128 . ext . california crusader stadium - twilight 165 madman now walk out , wear a upside - down jockstrap around he forehead . the wait fan and miscellaneous reporter love it , snap picture ... Willie , follow , be surround and hold back by a mob of fan and shout question , request , photograph ( ad lib ) . he try to accommodate , but be overwhelm . tunnel reporter # 1 Willie !... you get 100 yard rush today , how ' bout that ? willie ( over the kid ) ai not it amazing how fast a human body can move when it 's be chase by 4.6 raptor who weigh more and my mama ! they be laugh . tunnel reporter # 2 hey , Willie ! what 's it feel like one day to be nobody , next day the whole world know you ? the question give Willie pause . he field it gracefully . willie I be always a star , you just do not know it . but who say it 's ' the whole world ' ? -- how important 's football when two billion chinese never even hear of it ? he have a natural charm and the press seem to like he for now ... other player walk by , ignore -- shark among they , with Monroe , spot Willie . shark baby , the shark be in the water . montage # 2 - willie beamen' rise 166 set to a rap song , " I be Willie beam . " ext . south beach - day e166 the met - rx image tie to Willie appear on the side of a Miami bus as Willie exit a beautiful hotel , two babe in tow , and enter he shiny new yellow suburban , accompany by a new agent , Wayne mercer . point to the move bus : ( continued ) e166 a166 b166 d166 129 . continued : e166 mercer y'see , while you be sleep I be work . there he go ! Bus boy !... creamin ' beam !... they can not help laugh at the hugeness of it all . montage # 2 - ext . south beach - continuous action - day a166 as the song continue , we player fool around at a touch football game against a group of sexy beach girl . goofing off , Willie -- the cynosure of many eye -- suddenly pull up , grimace , he throw shoulder cramping on he . he conceal the pain and continue on . montage # 2 - int . medical facility - continuous action - b166 day the flash and throb of medical machinery as Dr. mandrake supervise shark undergo he mri ... mandrake american woman do not fuck ' cause they be too fuck up to begin with ... ( remove the comic book shark 's read ) we do not want to confuse you brain with spawn 's , now do we ? montage - int . cap rooney' house - gym - continuous d166 action - night in he state - of - the - art home gym , a sweat cap rooney be go through a intense workout -- fly - motion and windmills on a swiss ball . a supervise , sleepy trainer # 3 read a magazine in the corner , as Cindy rooney enter in a sexy nightgown . cindy yo , Rocky , enough ! you be gonna hurt yourself ... cap ignore she . cindy you be gonna hurt yourself ... ( continued ) d166 c166 166 167 130 . continued : d166 cap come off the ball , check he body fat and heart rate on a intricate sport computer show he at 7.5 percent body fat . cap ( finally ) .+. kid 's breathin ' down my neck . cindy ( confuse ) he 's not even close ! you be the man . cap look at she hard , he look say : he 's closer than you think . montage # 2 - int . miami practice CENTER - gym - c166 continuous action - night Willie work out with a crew of powerful teammate ... later , he be still there , alone . his eye burn into the wall - size mirror with compulsive determination . montage # 2 - ext . HOTEL swimming pool - continuous 166 action - day Willie now shoot a " met - rx " commercial . he 's ina bathing suit , body beautifully chisele as girl by the dozen surround he ... sing he own rap song . willie ( song tbd ) ' my name be Willie ... Willie beam ... a ' I keep the lady screamin' , oh yeah !... creamin ' for my semen . say hey , I be Willie beam ! etc ... as the song and montage # 2 end at ... ext . practice field # 2 ( # 2 of 3 ) - day 167 coach d'amato and the qb coach watch Willie and rooney throw side - by-side . cap be still feel pain in he lower back and leg ; he pass be off , and he realize it ; whereas Willie 's pass be on the money , sometimes too much so . one bullet pass bounce out of sanderson 's gut , burn he finger , cursing . ( continued ) 167 continued : 131 . 167 tony ( to Willie ) .-. less on the ball , Willie ! you want a cool , tight spiral ... and do not pat the ball , you ... willie tight as fish pussy , coach . ' I be the man ' ! tony ' you be the man . 's I repeat , do not pat the ball so much . they can see it ! ( to qb coach ) what would he say ? willie Said I be as tight - ass cool as the other side of my pillow , coach ... tony shake he head as Willie this time complete a hard , precise spiral to he tight end . tony ( to qb coach ) I need a interpreter ... awright , cap , sit it out . cap I be fine . tony you get the ball , we all know that -- now take a rest . rooney , piss , move to the sideline , tony , sense he unrest , follow ... as Christina , keep a eye on she new star , arrive with Willie 's agent in tow ... tony what do you want ! you be off , but ... cap hey , I have be on for twelve year and two ring , gimme a break . I have play hurt before . no big deal . tony we be gonna go with Willie against the emperor ... ( continued ) 167 continued : 132 . ( 2 ) 167 cap be you kid I ?! be you ... ( want to swear ) kid I -- ? tony rock ... cap I be ready to play , tony ! goddamit ! tony listen to I . I want you to rest up until the playoff . it do not mean enough against the emperor for you to risk ... cap Home field advantage do not mean enough ? since when ...? tony it 's not the big one , cap . we can win at home or on the road with you . you know it 's the smart thing to do . and one thing you always be be smart , cap -- smarter than you be dumb . cap be this how it start , tony ? I know the way you mind work , man . ' Rest up . ' let the kid take a few game . you be great , but time march on , huh ? tony that 's not what I be say -- cap the heck it 's not ! I know the game of football ! cap walk away , crossing Willie on he way off the field . he slap the back of he helmet hard . cap get all pretty for the camera , poster boy ! willie what the -- ?! ( continued ) 167 168 continued : 133 . ( 3 ) 167 cap ... they love you today but a season 's 16 game , kid . it 's how you live through the bad one that make you a quarterback , not a punk ! int . shark CENTER locker room - continuous action - day 168 mandrake walk alongside Christina , through a empty locker room . mandrake , mandrake «+. the bottom line be rooney 's some kind of medical miracle . he really could be ready for New York . christina you tell anyone , harvey ? think she would be pleased , shake he head , realize what she 's really think . mandrake -.. ' course he would have to take a lot of pain and he ankle 's not 100 percent . but he will . he 's get the mind of a ox . he 's so freak about beam steal he job , he would probably play with a fracture neck . christina harvey ... could you slow he down ? tell he he 's not respond to rehab well enough -- just till the playoff . give beam he shot ...? mandrake ( pause ) well ... everyone know herniate disc be ' iffy . ' I could recommend ... christina ( move on ) what about shark ? mandrake he 's still woozy , get bad migraine . Post -concussive syndrome . ( continued ) 134 . 168 continued : 168 christina can you clear he ? mandrake ( almost laugh ) «+. you mean which shell be the real peanut under ? ( hesitates ) Three concussion the last five month ? there 's no way to predict what another head - hit would do , Christina ... christina how come Dallas have they quarterback practically in a coma last month just before he play one of the great game of he life ...? mandrake ( backtrack ) «+ . well no question he want he tackle and sack bonus bad . theoretically , he brain 's at increase risk , but it 's theoretical , and I can pump he full of cortisone to catch the swell and let he finish out the season ... without a malpractice suit of course -- ( off she look ) I be joke . I do not really think anything 's gonna happen ... but I be not a complete prick , you know , Christina , I do have some kind of conscience . a168 exam room # 1 a168 if she think so , Christina stay cool - eye about it . they enter a small exam room . christina I be not look to screw he , harvey . but I gotta have he in the playoff -- and he want to play for chrissake , so everyone come out ... mandrake ... long term ?... what be you think ? ( continued ) a168 169 170 135 . continued : a168 christina ( a beat , eye to eye ) I be think we will probably cut he in the off-season . the word 's already out there , everyone 's see he take the hit . no one 's gonna take he at he price ... I think he will be happy just to have he old job back at 30 percent of what he make . that 's if we want he back . ( off mandrake 's wait look ) dad always use to say , ' to make money , you get to spend money . ' you do the math , Doctor . what you help save we we will not forget at contract time . mandrake smart man , Art . but you get he beat by a Miami mile , Christina ... what do I tell tony ? christina ( exite ) tell he what he need to know . shark can play . cap can not . omitted 169 int . tony d'amato' house - late day / night 170 tony 's in he kitchen when the doorbell ring , labor over a pot of jambalaya , wear a apron read : " kiss my chef . " a billie holiday recording plays . he go . at front door Willie wait , carry flower . willie hi , get you flower . he thrust the flower forward . tony look at they , a little take aback ; then take they and show Willie into the live room . ( continued ) 170 171 continued : 136 . 170 tony for I ? thanks ... I guess I better put this in water or something . come on in . tony go to the kitchen , look at the flower . Willie now get it . same scene willie ( to himself ) shark , you motherfucker ! ! tony sit down . willie Nice place . tony you wanna beer ? willie sure . time CUT to : - later 171 tony bring beer to Willie , glance at Ben hur on television ; the irony slave ship and gladiator be not lose on Willie . willie the gladiator of they time ... ( to tony ) cute apron . tony ( remove it ) my ex - wife get it for I . it be a joke . I do not cook so great -- so do not expect anything too ... willie do not worry . I would be happy with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich . when would you divorce she ? ( continued ) 171 172 continued : 137 . 171 tony almost twenty year now ... ( off silence ) same old story , she get feed up with I work so hard . you know where they serve the divorce papers ? on the sideline of the divisional playoff game in New York . willie ( chuckle ) that 's cold . tony fuck she , we win the game . willie that 's what it 's all about . tony you ready ? tony lead Willie into a dining room , Willie glance around , note many football photo that grace the wall . time CUT to : dine room 172 tony and Willie eat from two steaming plate of jambalaya . tony ++. my own recipe . sort of adapt from Paul prudhomme 's . ever be to he place in New Orleans ? willie ( disguise he distaste ) no. tony maybe get ‘em next season . like no place on earth , New Orleans . how you like it ? willie hot ! it 's terrific , thanks . tony .»». well , thanks for come by . ( continued ) 172 continued : 138. 172 willie you be go to yell at I , be not you ? tony no ... no . I just want to talk ... ( a beat ) Willie , look , if I have be a asshole I be sorry . cap go down be really tough for I and maybe I have be take some of that out on you . I know you be still learn the system and the pressure 's incredible -- willie I can handle it . tony I know . but we need to talk about this . I think you get a great future in football but first off we gotta deal with some basic . like if the play book be too complicated we can simplify it for you -- willie man , that book be too slow . when I be out there on the field I just gotta feel it . I can not be think about nothing but the juice . I get to let it out . tony listen , you be too fast out there as it be . you need to wait for the play to develop . we offense be build up over year , it 's like chinese water torture , take apart the other team a little ata time , it 's the death of 1,000 cut . willie I like thing I guess a little more muscular , suit my style ... tony ( stop eat ) be that why you be change the play ? ( continued ) 172 continued : 139 . ( 2 ) 172 willie I be try to read the defense , coach , it 's ... tony I be not talk about audible ... look , I know you like make the big play . I understand that . but we game plan be the result of a lot of work and a lot of experience . willie I know that -- tony I know you do . when you change play you be show disrespect to a lot of people in this organization -- willie I do not mean to -- tony people who have work for year in this club and around the League . people who have sacrifice more than you will ever know to be in this game . Willie see where this be go . willie I be try to win , coach ! I be warming the bench ever since I get to the pro , and I do not plan on go back there . I do not wanna disrespect nobody but ... win be the only thing I respect . tony look at Willie with a singular , quiet intensity . tony okay , son , listen to I very carefully and remember what I be go to tell you . you can forget every other goddamn thing I ever say if you remember this , because someday you be go to realize it 's the truest thing you ever hear : this game have get to be about more than win . ( continued ) 172 continued : 140 . ( 3 ) 172 Willie say nothing . tony take tony ( relax a little ) «+ . I guess that 's what I want to say . you be part of something here ! a tradition . lombardi , unitas , tittle , sammy baugh , hundred of great player ! that man on the wall , you be part of that now . and along the way I want you to cherish that ... ' cause when it 's go , it 's go forever , and ... willie you know , I look at all this picture and trophy and stuff and it just make I ... sad . like the room be full of ghost . when I be do with the game , or the game be do with I , I do not wanna be no ghost up on a wall . I want more and that . a long moment . tony «+. look like cap 's gonna make it back in time for the playoff ... I be gonna start he . willie ( long icy pause ) yeah , I figgered . that 's why I be here , right ? I know you be gonna sell I out . tony cap 's a leader ... a team player . you need a team to win in the playoff . willie bullshit ! he 's not half the athlete I be ! look I in the eye , coach , and tell I cap 's the better player ... tony cap 's the better player . ( continued ) 172 continued : 141 . ( 4 ) 172 willie ( derisively ) sure ! I guess that be another guy win the last two game . I put point on the board ! he lose four in a row . I lead by do ! tony you kick ass , kid , but cap rooney have be ' do 's it for year and he goddamn deserve he day in the sun , so do not start ... willie and I deserve the bench , right ?! tony «+ . he 's be the quarterback of this team as long as ... willie and he time be over ! and yours be too ... ' less you start take some risk ! start play the game the way it be now . it be not all that picture on the wall anymore -- tony ( seethe ) I have live this game for three decade , kid , I know football . that man -- willie want to win -- just like you do ! you can feed the press and the fan all that ' sacrifice and glory , grand ol ' man of the game ' crap ! you sell it good , everyone buy it . but I be there , coach , I see a long line of guy like you from college on with that bullshit halftime speech ! tony ( furious ) it 's bullshit , huh ! you think you ... ( continued ) 172 continued : 142 . ( 5 ) 172 willie yeah , it be ! and you know it be ! ' Cause it 's really about money . rakin ' in the tv contract , fat - cat booster sittin ' in they skybox and coaches uppin ' they salaries , all of ‘em look for the next black stud to get ‘em in the top ten , put ‘em in the bowl game -- it 's just like the pro , ' cept in the pro , the field hand get pay ... tony do not play the race card with I , kid . twenty - five year I have work with man of you color . you be good because you be different , not because ... willie maybe it 's not racism , maybe it 's placism , but the black man still gotta know he place , right , coach ? tony what be you say ? you do not trust anybody ' cause of what happen to you in college ? you know the rule , Willie , you break ‘em . willie break them ?! how would I break ‘em ? tony you break ‘em . that 's how you break , ‘em . willie man , I lose a million - dollar signing bonus ' cause a booster give I a three - hundred - dollar suit to go to he kid 's wedding . I do not even know the guy . Hell , everybody be get something ! how 's a black man suppose to get through college when he do not get the money to get clothes , go on a date ? they all have they hand out but it be I they suspend . ( more ) ( continued ) 172 continued : 143 . ( 6 ) 172 willie ( cont 'd ) I drop six round in the draft ' cause of that . and the coaches rapping I ' troublemaker , 's ' arrogant , ' ' will not play ball , ' all that corporate shit they hit the brother with when they will not kiss the money . shit , I coulda make million of dollar if I would kiss that big ass Julian 's kissing all the time . you talk about ' sacrifice ' ? I sacrifice about ten million dollar be what I sacrifice , ' cause of that dumb redneck like you coach friend at San Diego who make I corner back ' cause I get fast foot ! it be he separate my shoulder , fuck up my throwin ' arm tackle some 250 - pound bullmother . I be a great football player but nobody give I the time of day or the season I need to heal that shoulder . they trade I right outta there ! tony blame anybody but yourself , Willie ! yy'see , that 's what a leader be about , the time he 's gotta sacrifice because he have to lead by example , not by fear or ... willie ( challenge ) fear ?! who you talk to ?! I hang in there when nobody give a shit about I . I ride the bench for five fuck year ! and now I get my one lousy shot , I be 26 year old -- half my football life be over -- and now you tell I ' you go on back to the bench , son . ' Cause you gotta sacrifice for the great glory of cap rooney . 's well , fuck you , coach ! I be not buy that brand , ' cause you be some scared old man who will not let I play my way ' cause I might just win ! and then what the fuck be you life all about ?! tony fight to control himself . outside , the evening crawl through the twilight . ( continued ) 172 continued : ( 7 ) tony ( quietly ) you be not some flash - in- the-pan 144 , 172 receiver or corner back or even Julian Washington , kid , you be a goddamn quarterback ! you know what that mean ? it 's the top spot , kid , the guy that take the fall , the guy who everybody 's look at first , the leader of a team , who will break they rib and nose and neck for you ' cause they believe ! ' Cause you make ‘em believe ! that 's a quarterback . willie ( caustic , overlap ) yeah , I be the leader of you team till cap 's back up ! then I be back on the bench . shit , you be not say two word to I all season ' till cherubini go down -- then it be ... ( imitate d'amato ) ' Son , just pretend you be throw a pass on the street in the ' hood and you mama 's ringing the dinner bell ' -- all you do be talk at I , man , never listen to a goddamn thing I say ! so do not have no coronary ' cause I be gonna stay who I be -- ' steamin ' Willie beam ' ! ' Cause with the time I get leave I be gonna play my way and I be gonna get my dollar up there so 's when you motherfucker trade I , waive I , injure reserve I , or whatever the fuck you do to I , I be gonna be worth ten time what I be worth before ! a long pause . tony 's eye , move past ego , scramble to understand . tony I do not know ... you be a very , very young man . and you be very , very stupid . willie tell I I be wrong . ( continued ) 172 173 174 a174 145 . continued : ( 8 ) 172 tony you be wrong . I know better than you think , Willie ... willie you do not know one thing about I ... you could not even begin to imagine I . he leave tony -- drain . ext . shark house - that night 173 valet parker attend to the numerous expensive car and limo that pull into a circular driveway , unload beautiful laugh woman and exuberant football player ... Willie drive he suburban right up onto the front lawn , enrage the valet . int . shark house - continuous action - night 174 Willie be meet with a ferocious explosion of music and mayhem ; player dance and drink and pursue the opposite sex through the house ... shark bounce up to he : shark make yourself at home in ' the pit , ' dawg ! blowjob upstairs . but if you want to hit the skin , trawl the beach . whatever you do , do not mess up my sheet , cause my old lady 's comin’ back Tuesday and she gonna kick my butt she see any semen or blood round here !! in a lively mood , shark stumble off . Willie make he way through a pack live room ... woman immediately perk when they see he , whisper , some predatory ... int . shark house - upstair balcony - continuous a174 action Willie gravitate to Washington , sanderson , a few other : the dialogue be fast , overlap . sanderson what up , Willie B ?! coach give you the Vince lombardi speech ? ( continued ) a174 continued : 146 . a174 willie he 's in my face like I lose the goddamn game ! mother ... sanderson told you ! hey , he 's have a shit year , what do you ... willie you know straight up we would be top dog this season if the defense would step up -- WASHINGTON hey , lay off the D , man . shark hear that shit he will tear you a new asshole . willie you think I give a fuck ! hey , I wanna win game , not kiss some overrate loser 's ass . but what do you care anyway , J ? you be not playin ' for this team . you play for yourself , like everybody else round here ... WASHINGTON who you talk about , punk ?! watch that mouth of yours or I will kick you fuck ass ! you gotta earn the right to diss someone on this team , boy ! willie team ? shit. all I see of this team be a bunch of rich superfly brother trip in this white man 's world , drive they BMW , get they dick suck by 100 dollar hair job ... and the clock 's run and no one 's give a shit ' cause they be all die inside ... you be a great athlete , J , but you become a_joke ! you be play , but it 's like you be die inside . Willie walk off -- he thought contradict what he say at tony 's place ; a troubled man , he confusion brewing to the surface . Julian , on the other hand , be a furious man , restrain by sanderson and the other . ( continued ) a174 175 continued : 147 . ( 2 ) a174 WASHINGTON what the fuck you mean ' die inside ' ?! kiss my armani ass , m'fucker ! talk to I like that ! who the ... do this nigra know who I am ?! what I do for this team ?! I be gonna kill you , motherfucker ! ext . shark house - back yard - continuous action 175 in the hot tub , player be cavort with the woman , and shark be tell storey , as power listen in . shark -.. so then madman lose it -- start reaming this guy out and then decide this hotel have got to die ! stomp into the hall , grab a fire ax and start chopping through the wall . by now styne , he grab he , he 's about to eliminate madman right then and there , so I gotta jump in , I get to protect my baby , be the hero and save the fuckin ' guy , when whap ! thwack ! styne throw two quick punch that weigh about 150 pound each and nail I right in the fuck head ! crack my fuck skull ! check it out ... ( indicate he temple area ) ... bitch ! from then on , guess what ? styne and madman be like this dynamic evil duo who ... power ( interrupt ) he crack you skull ? shark yeah . so that two sonofabitch decide they be gonna rule the world ... power hold on , shark . he actually crack you skull ? ( continued ) 175 a175 b175 176 177 178 148. continued : 175 shark yeah , doc. I hate when that shit happen ... so now we get this two loco on the offensive line and coach d'amato be about ready to call a exorcist when ... Dr. power , disturb , leave without be notice . int . shark house - bathroom - same time a175 a dozen beauty be line up at the giant mirror , make themselves up , " do blow , " chat , gossipe ... ext . shark house - back yard b175 Julian , still angry , slide up to shark . WASHINGTON beam disrespect you , talk shit about you and the D ... shark be you kid I ? be you fuck kid I ?! he go after my D , I be gonna break he off ! WASHINGTON motherfucker punkin ' every damn one of we . we need to smack the m ' fucker ! shark think a beat , then : shark what 's that motherfucker drive ? omitted 176 & 177 int . shark house - upstair balcony 178 ray field , former star linebacker , now use a set of cane , approach , crozier , talk to Willie . field ' wizen face and eye be a little too desperate for attention . ( continued ) 178 continued : 149 . 178 field hey , Nick . how 's it hang ? crozier Young and hang , Ray . field steamin ' ! my man -- lookin ' good . do my heart proud to see a young brother in the pocket . willie ( interrupt , do not know he ) havin ' fun , baby . field ( check out Willie 's chick ) yeah , yeah , havin ' fun . I hear ya . say , Nick , I be meaning to talk to you ' bout some new play I get -- crozier not now , Ray . it 's party time , okay ? Willie notice the dominant pantheon Cup ring on field ' hand . field yeah , yeah -- party time , uh huh -- not the right time ... ( catch Willie 's eye ) yeah , pantheon Cup twice -- ' 79 , " 81 . field emit a strange , oxen-like laughter -- they split look , Willie horrify ; field know it , refer to he emaciate finger . field gotta get a chain for this one , try to buy them off I all the time . have to sell one of ‘em , but no way I be gonna let this sucker go . without this , shit ! you would not even know who the fuck I be , now would you ? I be there , Willie . done that . you ' steamin' ' now but this be one dance they all play the same last song ... ( continued ) 178 continued : 150 . ( 2 ) 178 crozier hey , Ray , give it a rest , willya -- enjoy the party . it 's he time ... you have you time , it 's he time . field sure , Nick , but you a coach -- ( point ) if you be not help he , you be hurtin ' he ... ( to Willie ) do not bull with the shit , righteous , there 's plenty of it . ( again that humongous laughter ) ha ha ha ha ! ( high fives ) stay cool , little brother ... willie ( give it back ) you too , Ray ... his eye burn like candle , Ray shift he intense , almost blind gaze off Willie , and stagger back into the chaos of music and flesh on he cane . willie that really Ray field ? crozier use to be Ray field . willie man ! I watch he on tv grow up . every Sunday . like tarzan . he be huge ! crozier yeah . like he say , he be just too long at the dance . like the rest of ‘em ... thank God , that day be over ... willie he give you play ? crozier ( shrug , dismissive ) -+. I humor he . give he something to do . ( more ) ( continued ) 178 179 151 . continued : ( 3 ) 178 crozier ( cont 'd ) guy take a lotta hit -- lose everything to booze , painkiller -- he family , all he money , typical shit ... be out on the street for a while , then the press get hold of it and management give he a few buck . he get by ... do not get down , Willie ... I be push real hard for another ot or pull guard in the draft . move , Willie 's eye remain on field , talk to someone else ; he 's also rethink crozier 's attitude towards the player . willie I like it , sound like some big change come next year , coach . maybe you be step up ... Washington stroll up to he . WASHINGTON say , Willie , that you 4 xx 4 outside ? willie you mean my sub ? what 's up ? WASHINGTON well , it 's more like a 4 X 3 now . smiling , he stroll back out the front door . a beat . Willie follow fast . ext . shark house - driveway - continuous action 179 a loud , grinding , buz sound . partygoer be assemble . shark bestride Willie 's suburban with a enormous chain saw in he hand , literally sawing the vehicle in two halve . spark shoot out , upholstery , plastic , and metal fly ... Willie can not believe , then rush shark , want to kill he ! ( ad lib ) ... but other jump he ; it take several strong player to restrain he . the car now tear open at a jag angle . shark turn off the chain saw , remove he safety goggle ... to Willie : ( continued ) 179 180 continued : shark kid , in football you get a offense ... ( jump down , point to the severe front of the car ) and you get a defense ... ( indicate the back half ) you do not get one without the other , do you ...? respect will be pay . now call this m'fucker a cab and get he the fuck outta my house ! int . bar - simultaneous action - night 152. tony sit with Monroe at he favore sport bar . Monroe be drunk . tony «+. I just can not get through . use to be I could take anyone -- rookie , vet , bad - ass parolee -- do not matter -- I could make they ... see what I see . monroe ( more revealing than usual ) it 's a new world , tony ! in my day we be just happy to have the goddamn job . I shovele liquor in the off -season , use car , insurance . some guy use to wrassle ... now , shit -- prima daw ! body be year - round great but break like china ! Mandy , the young beautiful woman who approach tony previously , enter with a friend . monty . tony tv ... it change the way we think -- forever . first time they stop the game because they have to cut to a commercial be the end of it . I mean it be we concentration that fuck matter , not some fruitcake sell insurance ... tony notice , as do ( continued ) 179 180 180 a180 180 continued : on tv # 1 153 . 180 monroe «+ . get that big salaries , the bonuse , this rook come in here think they deserve respect before they play a goddamn down -- tony ( passionate ) damnit , monty , I do not know what more I can do . I have sweat blood for this man . I have give up my wife and my child for this man . I have give up everything I have to be on that sideline every Sunday . everything ! the game be all that matter to I . ' Cause it 's pure ! four quarter . you cross a line , you score . it 's sane . life be not , it be not ... it do not make sense for I not to have a home , a life ... you tolerate the madness for the game ... but if that 's not enough , then this game be ask for too goddamn much ! monroe it always do , tony ... I coulda hold on another two , three season . but one day in Chicago , the wind be blowin ' off the lake -- man be it cold ! I crack my head right up against that freeze turf , and I know -- right then -- I be not gonna do this anymore .. shit , it be not any fuck fun ! -- you gotta know when to get out , tony . ' fore it take you soul . a180 Willie 's commercial explode over the bar , with loud music -- stylish , slick , sexy . monroe -- speak of the devil ! back to scene 180 they watch for a moment , then Monroe drain he beer . monroe gotta get out of here ... ( continued ) 180 181 continued : he go . Mandy . int . tony 154 . ( 2 ) 180 tony come on , monty , one more . monroe can not , tony . Lady 's get a curfew out on I . tony ( snort ) curfew ! how the hell do you and Sheila do it anyway ? monroe well , we come to a agreement early on . all day long I live , breathe , and shit football . the moment I come home , I live , breathe , and shit family . tony ( shake he head ) +. it 's impossible ! monroe ( rise ) hey , who the hell want to think about blitzes and crossblock when you be hold you grandkid in you arm ...? ( point ) you gonna miss you boss embarrassing you in front of you player ? ( as tony do not acknowledge this memory ) that 's why I want to coach high school , it 's back to basic , the kid do not want nothing but to play . like you say , it 's pure ... see you tomorrow , my friend ... tony sit for a moment , and then glance at d'amato' house - bedroom - night 181 tony gaze at one of three wall tv 's ; Mandy on a exercise bike in the corner , semi-naked in he pajamas . ( continued ) 181 continued : 155 . 181 tony ... so jeanette be 20 , 21 , I be just make it as a lowball assistant with San Diego -- jock Harris be run the place then -- and one day we be romance a year about and I say to she , ' so what about marriage ? ' and she say , ' what about it ? ' and I say to she , ' well , I gotta see you backpedal first . ' and she say ... mandy backpedal ? tony you know . quarterback gotta be able to drop back -- ? run backwards ? you shoulda see jeanette 's face . she get up -- bless she albanian soul ! and she do it ! she backpedal for I . in high beautiful heel too ! all the way ! jeanette ! can you do it ? do not try -- I will marry ya ! mandy ( crossing to bed ) you gene , she gene ... do you get a quarterback out of it ? tony Nah . not even close . I have a insurance executive . ( as they both laugh ) how can you have one of they ? come out with a briefcase . ( beat ) .-. Nah , he 's a beautiful kid . mandy ( prop herself over tony ) you know what you need ? tony ... yeah , a pump . mandy you need to be ... young again ! she attack he , tickle he all over . like a boy , tony giggle ; it 's be a long time since he would be tickle . intercut with : a181 156 . on tv a181 Willie , wear gold chain and a new diamond stud earring , be be interview by Jack Rose on " Sports corner . " willie ( v.o. ) ( on tv ) «+ . the coach in Houston do not dig black quarterback too much , he be kind of a redneck dude ... ( laugh ) think black people 's brain be about the size of he dick ( bleep ) ... then at San Diego -- that coach be a real genius -- he make I into a corner ' cause he say I get fast foot ... ( a bitter edge to he laughter ) then I get injure and that screw up that year . by the time I get to oakland my third year , they do not know what the fuck ( bleep ) I be ! rose ( v.0 . ) ( on tv ) sound like 'a conspiracy , 's Willie ! be you say black people be be diss here ? willie ( v.o. ) ( shake he head ) ' conspiracy ' ? ( laugh ) man , you be media-believe . just let the fact speak for themselves , Jack -- 70 percent of the League be afro-american and how many black head coaches ? a few . how many black owner ? Zero . you do the math , my man ... but I be not bitchin' . Fair 's not what I be look for . ' Cause nothing 's ' fair ' in this here life . rose ( v.0 . ) come on , kid ! it 's a free country ! Black dude can buy team . you have the green , you can buy a team . Black , white , or inbetween . ( continued ) a181 181 157 . continued : a181 willie ( v.o. ) football team be corporation , Jack , but black kid be raise to be individual , star -- they do not learn to work together ... back to scene 181 tony , make happy by Mandy , get out of bed , put a robe on with he name emblazon , like a fighter 's , on the back , about to turn off the tv . mandy leave he on . he 's cool . tony ( mock ) ' cool ' ? my quarterback ? he think he 's Joe Montana already . mandy I like he . he do not buy into the bullshit ... I like he eye . he 's sure of himself -- make he sexy . tony look at Willie , wonder . be with someone as young as Mandy permit he to understand . he pull a blank check from he robe . tony thank God I be old . check alright ? mandy ( laugh ) be it good ? prefer credit card or cash , but this one time -- okay ... tony ( filing it out ) you want a nightcap or something ? mandy ( start to dress ) no , I do not think so , but thanks ... tony how ' bout some coffee then ?... just stay for some coffee . five minute . ( continued ) 181 183 continued : 158 . ( 2 ) 181 mandy ( sense he need ) okay . coffee would be great . he go as she continue to dress , watch . willie ( v.o. ) «+ . I like look downfield , Jack . I 'ma big play guy . that 's what the fan want . sometimes the old timer like ' coach Stone Age , ' they do not go for that , but the scoreboard do not lie , Jack ... rose ( v.0 . ) ' coach Stone Age ' ? , that 's terrific ! willie ( v.o. ) that 's my little nickname . do not mean no disrespect to the man , but to I it 's all about win . that 's what this country 's all about . be number one . every kid can grow up to be President , right ? who the hell want to grow up to be vice - President ? there be not no number two in football . you tell I who lose the pantheon Cup last year ? you tell I who come in second in the 100 at the Olympic ? where I come from you be number one or you be not shit ( bleep ) ! this country be build on kick immigrant ass . African ass , chinese ass -- do not - matter - who ass . only reason I make it out of Dallas be I want it more than the other guy . there be not no grey area ! either you make it and get the big car and the nice home or you be on the bus and in the funeral home , ' cause losin ' be die ! rose ( v.0 . ) -+. but ' coach Stone Age , ' you smack I ! so truthful , brother ... gimme a pound . he try to high five Willie , who do not respond ... meanwhile , omitted tony cross back with the coffee . 183 159 . 184 tony's bathroom # 1 184 Mandy be on a cell phone to she service ( ad lib ) , brush she hair , close the phone as tony enter . tony I hope you like cream with you coffee ... Mandy ...? I like you . I be wonder if we could maybe make this a more regular thing ? mandy sure . I have get a few client like that . we can book a regular time . I will give you my service number and they can set it up direct with ... write ... tony I sort of mean ... not like that . without money . mandy oh , honey ... tony I know , but -- mandy you do not really wanna do this . tony I really like you . mandy I like you too , tony , but you really do not want to do this . a beat . she give he she business number in lipstick . tony you get pretty hair , you know ... tony linger for a moment , then set he coffee down and leave . Mandy watch after he in the mirror . tony's bedroom # 2 tony cross out past : ( continued ) 184 182 a182 160 . continued : 184 on tv rose ( v.0 . ) no doubt you be chew up the gridiron , but on the sideline it seem like you and Julian Washington get pretty heat during the Texas game ? willie ( v.o. ) no , j-man and I be just fine . i'1l bet you a hundred buck and that ugly tie that he will have another 2,000 - yard season . intercut with : ext ./ int . julian WASHINGTON be house - night 182 sanderson talk on a cell phone , feed the numerous shark in j- man 's specially - design pool , as he head inside , accompany by a frighten beauty ... at the party , there be no man -- only some 20 beautiful woman , most in lingerie , dance and make out among themselves . int . julian' bedroom - following a182 upstair , at the control be Julian , propped on he bed , with several more girl , watch Willie on tv coolly . WASHINGTON not without get the ball , you lie prick ! intercut with : on tv rose ( v.0 . ) -.. but be not this a awesome Emperor pass rush come up Sunday ? I mean this guy do not need much of a invitation to eat the greenery ? be there fear there ? willie ( v.o. ) Jack , I tell you , they be not gonna touch I , be not gonna see I , be not gonna smell I . do not matter if it 's T - rex or terminator out there , I will just turn on the invisible juice and steam right by ‘em ! 185 186 187 161 . int . madman' house - following 185 rose ( v.0 . ) Willie , you be indefatigable ! madman , on he cell phone , be heat as he watch the tv , amid a atmosphere of crying baby , barking pit bull , and a pregnant , miserable wife . madman you selfish asshole ! if you do not think you be gonna get touch , I be dancin ' on a moonbeam ! int . tv studio - following 186 rose ( in close ) «+ . well good luck to you , ' steamin ' Willie beam ' -- what a great young kid ! ext . shark stadium - night ( rain ) 187 ( game 4 . New York emperor at Miami shark . ) field # 1 Willie go smash into the mud , take the hit on he throw shoulder . a painful sack , he drag himself up ... daze , Willie go after the linebacker who nail he ... the 49er player sprint over to protect they teammate , but the shark team do nothing to help they qb . tug ( v.o. ) welcome back to the monsoon bowl , folk ! the emperor have be eat shark patty all night long . smashmouth football -- this be what it 's all about ! on the way to the huddle , over the drive sound of rain . willie can I get some fuckin ' protection here ! if you be not go to block -- could you at least stay the fuck out of my way ?! madman go for he , sanderson and the other hold he back . ( continued ) 187 a187 188 190 189 162 . continued : 187 madman loudmouth , showboat , motherfucker ! where 's you steam now ? scoreboard # 1 a187 emperor 25 , shark 7 . FOURTH quarter . 5:13 ... omitted 188 sideline # 1 190 coach d'amato glare at the field , the rain pour over he face . tony ( to line coach ) get_'em to stand up and block , goddamnit , hank ! what 's go on ?! time CUT to : field # 2 189 as the Emperor offense set up , shark urgently call for a defensive realignment -- Miami player hustle for new position -- the veteran Emperor qb see this and quickly bark out a audible -- a quick handoff -- the Emperor run back shoot through a hole in the confuse Miami defense -- shark try to make the diving tackle but he knee give and he go facedown in the mud , as the run back splashes right past he for 25 yard . touchdown ! tug ( v.o. ) what be with the Miami D of late ? they be go belly up , fin flap . glug-glug-glug ! branson ( v.o. ) shark lavay just can not find the old magic down there . the run back turn back to the down shark and he D , and point he finger like a gun -- bang ! bang ! bang ! the trainer and doctor run out to shark , grab he knee in fierce pain . a190 191 192 193 194 163 . scoreboard # 2 a190 emperor 32 , shark 7 . FOURTH quarter . 1:33 ... huddle # 1 191 Willie , read a signal from cherubini on the sideline , take the team on with a dead stare . willie y'all want to make it tough okay , I can take it , m'fucker ! ' Cause I know come contract time there gonna be some big change round here -- and , baby , it 's either gonna be you or I ! the call be twin right 90 ringo slide . on one ! ready ! field # 3 192 willie ( yell over the rain ) set! Black 671 , Black 671 ! Hut ! Willie splashes back through the mud to pass -- a Emperor defensive end slip through full speed -- Willie be blindside , he helmet go fly off , he crash to the turf , he face slam once more into the mud . sideline # 2 193 d'amato be wholly demoralize , can not look ... neither can cap rooney , now in uniform , recognize something he would rather not . or something he would perhaps forget -- the sheer , frightening violence and impossibility of the qb position . cap they will not play for he , tony . tony look at he , frustrated . tony ( walk away ) then let he fuck learn ! owner' BOX # 2 194 the visit Mayor small share he feeling with Christina . ( continued ) 194 195 196 164 . continued : 194 mayor small shucks ! there go that black dynasty you be promise I , darling ... field # 4 195 blood seep down Willie 's face from a scalp contusion as he pull himself slowly to he foot . branson ( v.o. ) ... and there go home field advantage for the shark ! although they season end on a low note , there be still life after death . two week from now , look for the underdog shark in the playoff in ' toughtown U.S.A . ' -- Dallas , Texas -- football capital of the world -- on that fast astroturf that never forget to break a bone or two ! int . locker room - night 196 the locker room be silent and depressed as player undress and shower . bathroom / shower # 1 Willie , daze and steaming with anger , cross shark . shark you lead . but do anyone follow , nigga ? Willie ignore he , but not Julian on he other side , when : WASHINGTON whatsa matter , boy -- forget you ' invisible juice ' ? Willie explode , take a wild swing at the big man . they struggle . they slip ... player pull they apart , Willie bleed . tony storm into the shower with Monroe , size up the situation . ( continued ) 196 197 165 . continued : 196 tony all right ! stop this now ! stop it ! player freeze . shower continue to run . tony this kind of bush league crap do not cut it with I ! anybody who think otherwise can pack they bag right now ! ' Cause this shit be never gonna happen again ! ever ! be that clear ...? you do not do that out there ! Men get kill out there ! ( pause ) «+ . thirty year in football , I never see something that stink like this ! this be a violation ! ... today -- out there , you embarrassed yourselves and you embarrassed I . today I be ashamed to be you coach ! he stalk out . ext . practice field # 1 ( 3 of 3 ) - day 197 unnaturally bright light be on Willie and cap rooney in pad , side - by-side . they wear tv smile , surround by a gang of child in shark jersey . Willie 's cheek be stitched . cap -+. so please give generously to you child Fund of America . willie .-. and let 's make every kid feel like a superstar ! cap because give -- like football -- be a team sport . thank you . they smile . and smile . finally : voice ( 0.s. ) that 's a wrap , thanks , guy . rooney and Willie split in different direction ... we pull back to reveal a small tv crew shoot a public service commercial . Christina talk with the shark ' pr director and a tv producer . ( continued ) 197 166 . continued : 197 Julian Washington watch the shoot from the bleacher , brood , upstage by beam . the child from the commercial follow Willie for autograph . Willie 's agent note this to Christina as they leave . rooney cross to Cindy . cindy you should have fight for that superstar line . cap no -- ' give ' -- ' team sport 's -- that be the line . cindy ( note the kid around Willie ) meanwhile ... you use to do this spot alone . cap ( uncomfortable ) okay ... you finish ? walk away . in the bleacher with the rest of the media , Jack Rose observe with he two - man tv crew . Julian study the kid , who seem to adore Willie . a older kid , 11 year old , intersect . kid # 1 hey , j-man ! be it true you make 10 million a year ? ( as j-man smile , nod ) «+ . that true then ' bout you not block no more ? it 's part of you contract ? that 's what my dad say . he say you do not have to catch no pass over the middle either ' cause you do not want to get hurt ? it 's also in you contract ... right , J ? WASHINGTON ( a look ) .»+. yeah , you dad 's get it down , kiddo ... 198 167 . int . shark CENTER - d'amato' office - continuous 198 action - day tony sit with Dr. power , Monroe and shark lavay -- he mri 's spread on tony 's desk , the mood glum . tony --. so what be the odd ? power there 's no tell . it 's a ' odontoid fracture 's ... ( off they look ) basically , he break he neck and it never heal right . come after the 20 to 30 concussion he 's have over 14 year , you can not predict this type of thing , but I can say this : the wrong hit could result in paralysis , parkinson 's ... even sudden death . shark hey , what else be new ...? power in my opinion , he should not be out there ... ( point at shark ) you could be braindead , you speech slur or you could have weird personality change for the rest of you life ... you understand what I be tell you , luther ? shark ( offset by he sanctimony ) luther do , but ' shark ' do not , Doc ! I be play with fire since you be shitting in you diaper , and right now I need one sack and three more tackle and I get my bonus . then we will talk , okay , motherfucker ! monroe ( to shark ) y'ever see a old punchdrunk boxer , stumbling around and drool -- no memory of what he do in he lifetime ... you want that life , luther ? ( continued ) 198 168 . continued : 198 shark look from monty to tony , who be conflict , hold he feeling close . tony I can not make this decision for you , shark . shark I do not believe this ... you need I against Texas , coach ? tony ( pause ) ' course I do , shark , but no , not at this price ... no . shark ( plead to play ) look , you goddamn know well as I she gonna cut my ass anyhow in the off-season ! and no one 's gonna pick I up for any kinda money . I will be back here begging to play for field wage , coach ... tony do not deny it , silent . shark I give you 13 year of my best , coach , you know you owe I ... for a million buck , shit ! I will shake like a coconut tree the rest of my life if I get to ... just lemme play ... please ? tony ( pause ) you will have to sign a waiver , shark . shark ( relieved ) bring it on ... Monroe shake he head , disappointed . as he go out with shark : power ( to tony ) we need to talk about harvey , coach ... he pull out a envelope with x-ray . 199 169 . ext . practice field # 2 ( 3 of 3 ) - continuous action - 199 day mandrake 's on a cell phone on the sideline with he new girl friend courtney , when tony walk up on he , furious , follow by power . Christina have long leave the practice field . mandrake ( into phone ) +. honey , do not believe a word you mother say ... do not ever say you pappa do not believe in you -- I too . I ... tony you evil motherfucker -- ! mandrake tony , what be you ...? ( to daughter ) I will call you later , princess . tony pull he out of ear-shot . tony shark 's film ! I know what you pull , switch the result so power would not pick up on it ! mandrake ( realize ) «+. grant . it could look like that to a lay person , but to be honest , tony ... tony I want you outta here . today . now . mandrake oh , I see -- you be take the high road ! who 's bullshit who here , tony ? tony do you bother consulting he ! he could get kill out there ! mandrake ( overlap ) I know he answer !... and get kill ? maybe , maybe not ! it 's one chance in a thousand , ' but nobody blitzes like the shark , ' right , tony ? ( continued ) 199 continued : 170 . 199 tony you walk off this field and you get into you car and you go far away -- I never want to see you near one of my player again . do you understand I ? never . mandrake come on , tony , most of they could not piss in the morning without pill . tony no more -- ! mandrake so now you be gonna play innocent ?! you know something -- fuck you innocence ! this explosion draw look from the team . Jack Rose try to move closer to hear , but be block by Monroe . mandrake you be better than I all of a sudden ?! you be better than I ?! what about beyer ?! what about nielstrum and manzicki ... and Logan ... and krause ?! all this year you be turn a blind eye ! tony I will not have this discussion . get out ! mandrake sure , tony , do not ask the question if you do not want the answer , right ? mandrake glare at power . mandrake .+. and you , you fuck snitch ! do you ever think about he put food on the table ? or he kid go to college ? power you lie to I ! ( continued ) 199 continued : 171 . ( 2 ) 199 mandrake ( mock ) oooh , I lie ! the President lie all the time , allie ! power «+. and you lie to the player , and doping they , change x-ray and -- mandrake and make they heroes ! that 's what I be do . who be I to tell this man they can not live they dream ? this be big boy . this be triage out there , asshole ! let the man die a goddamn hero if he want . power oh , Christ ! you do not give hima choice , harvey , you gotta give he he choice . it 's a doctor 's ethic . mandrake since when ? power the hippocratic oath , that 's when ... mandrake you mean the one that start : do no harm ...? with all due respect , I do not have to ask he . I know he choice . be there any doubt whatever what this man must do ? this player be freak of nature -- they will not live with shame like you . this man be gladiator , warrior ! and long ago they make that choice , not I . or you ! and I be not take that responsibility of stand between they and ... ( switch the approach ) do you ever have a fuck dream , > power ( a beat ) .--. I be live it , harvey . ( continued ) 199 200 201 172 . continued : ( 3 ) 199 tony ( quietly ) this I mean -- get out . mandrake be genuinely sad to leave ; he look at tony , not without affection . mandrake ( quietly ) «+ . oh fuck it ! but hey , we win the pantheon do not we , tony ? see you around the nursing home ... ( to he girl friend watch ) come on , sweetie . courtney no , I wanna stay , harvey ... please . Dr. harvey mandrake smoothes out he expensive jacket and walk away with some dignity , leave Courtney behind . ext . practice field # 3 ( 3 of 3 ) 200 tony head back to he office , unfortunately intersect Jack Rose with he crew , and several other reporter . rose so , coach D. , what 's up now -- mutiny in the medical rank ? tony ( blind and sudden ) get the hell out of my way , you piece of ...!! he shove Rose out of he way and storm past . Rose slip into the dugout , smack he head on the bench . tony do not turn around , but everyone else tense , expect trouble . rose hey !... hey !... that 's just great !... ( to he crew ) do you get that !? huddle # 2 201 cap rooney clap he hand , break the spell . madman and sanderson have be watch this , worried and confuse , they doctor suddenly exile from they life . ( continued ) 201 a201 202 173 . continued : 201 cap awright , guy , wake up ! practice field # 4 ( 3 of 3 ) a201 they move to the ball . the team be run light contact scrimmages , crozier supervise on the sideline ... rooney scan the defense . cap Blue 44 . Blue 44 . Hut ! the snap -- the red-shirt D come with a blitz . rooney paralyze , show a moment of pure terror in he eye as '' Beast man , " the DB , pull up short ; the whistle shriek . beast man ( reassure he ) c'mon , baby , nobody 's gonna hit you pussy ass ! cap yeah -- shuck -- I know . get happy foot . must be gettin ' old . but rooney 's grin eye speak of a sea change churn in he . int . shark CENTER - steam room - day 202 Willie make he way through layer of steam . there be only one other player in the bath -- shark lavay . Willie consider leave but sit ... shark gaze dispassionately at Willie , who will not look at he . shark '' ++ . you know punk come and go in this league . they get pick up right out of the ' hood ' cause they can run or fight , ' cause they be fast and strong and big . and suddenly they get all the money and the fox that chase the money -- and they get to live ' the dream . ' but for every sucker who make it -- for every Jerry Rice and Barry Sanders -- there be a hundred nigras you never hear of . ( more ) ( continued ) 202 203 174 . continued : 202 shark ( cont 'd ) and when they get a step too slow or a year too old -- baby , the game toss they back onto the street with nothing and just keep on go like nothing happen . sure , the game 's teach ‘em how to strut they shit and talk trash and hit -- but what else ?... suddenly there 's no more money , no more woman , no more applause ... no more ' dream . ' shark know it 's end for he . shark ( quietly ) this be what I be say to you , Willie : when a man look back on he life , he should be proud of all of it . not just a few year in pad and cleat . not just memory of when he be ... great . that he gotta learn in here ... ( indicate he heart ) «+. or he be not aman . he just another punk . Willie listen , let it sink in . ext . / int . cap rooney' house - next day 203 cap rooney cook hot dog on the outdoor barbecue of he massive suburban home . the lawn be far remove , as most of the outdoor activity take place on concrete . the three rooney kid ( two boy , one girl ) be tricycle , scream , run through doll house -- as a busy Cindy rooney survey it from a upstairs balcony on the cell phone . tony ( enter ) hey , kid be grow , cap . johnny 's already get big hand ( the kid correct he name , tbd ) . johnny my name be johnny , coach . tony I forget , johnny , sorry , I get so many name in my head . ( continued ) 203 continued : johnny you never remember my name , coach . tony do not shoot I . cap keep you hand off my kid willya ! I be gonna teach ‘em some golf ... the kid mumble chaotically , as rooney serve early dinner on some strange space - age plastic table . cap who want the mustard on they hot dog ...? you see the news ? this guy Rose say he 's gonna sue you for a million buck ! ( laugh , shake he head ) if it be I , I would have leave he so he could not remember zip -- ina coma . think they be gonna suspend you , tony ? tony «+» . do I a favor . I would get some sleep ... so , Doc power clear you for Sunday . cap yeah ? great ! ( call out for help with the kid ) Cindy ? a little help ! Cindy acknowledge . ext . cap' house - sunset tony and cap walk around the edge of a man-made lake face the house . during the dialogue , they approach a veranda area . tony paper get we as six point dog , you believe that ? I can not wait to strap it on and stick it to Dallas like we use to . show ‘em what this game be all about . right there in the playoff ! ( continued ) 203 176 . continued : ( 2 ) 203 cap yeah ... tony pick up on a vulnerability in the air . tony you okay ? cap sure -- tony ( suddenly ) the Doc get it wrong about you back ?! cap my back hurt a whole lot more than I think , tony , I push it too hard . tony we all play hurt , cap . you just need the needle . cap yeah , I be sure that 's it . ( laugh ) maybe you oughta go with Willie though ? you know , I be off -- my pass -- the whole deal -- tony I see you in practice , cap . you be ready now . what be it ? ext . veranda - twilight cap do not respond or look at he . he sit on a swing . tony be stunne as the realization hit he . tony cap , you do not want to go in ? what be it ? cap tony , it 's not that , it 's that ... ( continued ) 203 continued : 177 . ( 3 ) 203 tony «+ . you do not get any phone call I do not know about do you ?... from christy ? ( as cap shake he head ) «+ . you see a psychiatrist or something ? cap no ... tony then where the hell be this come from , rock ? ( vaise he voice ) you want to play . I fight for you ! why do not you tell I something , do you realize what I ... cap I be sorry ... I do not know . tony «+ . I go out on a long limb for you , man ! I take on Christina . and Willie . and the media . and you do this to I ?!? I have four week , I woulda go another way ... rooney swinging back and forth , proceed with great difficulty : cap I do not know ! I do not know ... you do not know how much I want to come back , tony . you have no idea . this be all I have in my life . everything . it 's not fun anymore . I be not what I be . tony , the first time I get hit in the pro I think my heart be go to stop . you be never the same after that . after all the hit and concussion , I have this blank spot in my memory . I have not be able to straighten my good leg for year , even on a good day I shake ... sometimes I can not even hold a spoon right . ( more ) ( continued ) 203 178 . continued : ( 4 ) 203 cap ( cont 'd ) and I be on pain killer all the time ' cause of my elbow and my rib and my neck and my tear thigh and now my rupture disc . but even now , with all that , I would go back in a second ... if I could only be what I be . but if I go out there , I be gonna fold ... in front of everybody . the team . my family ... you . ( struggle ) I just can not do that . it 's my body . it 's my body . tony 's disgust and move at the same time ; relent and put a comforting hand on cap 's shoulder ; he quarterback 's break down right in front of he eye -- he 's never see he like this . but tony , ever the coach of man , will not allow cap -- or himself -- to quit . tony the thing you be say be in you head , rock -- they be not real ... you know you have get it in you , because I know you do ! cap tony ... if I could only be what I be ? it 's my body , tony , it 's just not there ... please ... tony I need you , rock -- to lead this team . the team need you . I need you ... cap dry he eye , look at tony hard . tony one last time . you and I . together ... trust I . cap ( finally ) «+ . you need I , tony , I will do it for you . ridden with doubt , tony hug he boy , tightly . 179 . 204 int . rooney house - bedroom - following - day 204 in they screen room , alone : cindy ( carefully ) I do not get it ... Jack ? cap I be say ... I get my ring , we take care of we money , the kid be all right -- we have a good run ... I just think it 's time for I to get out ... after the season ... cindy and do what ? cap I talk to the guy from one of the network -- cindy you be a football player . cap Cindy -- will you hear I out ? cindy you be a football player and you have two , three year leave in you ! cap honey , you be miss the big picture -- cindy there be no ' big picture ' ! you be the goddamn quarterback of the Miami shark ! you be a legend and you be talk about quit ?!... you know what that mean to the kid ! to I ! cap my whole fuck life I have always do what other people tell I to . ever since college ... what do I do ? this be my decision , not yours !!! she suddenly slap he across the face . cindy i_will not hear this bullshit from 205 180 . ext . bar / restaurant - night 205 four sexy woman in short killer skirt sway like vampire into the next club ... Miami . a world outside american culture . Willie entertain he agent , mercer , at a outdoor club overlook the beach . two beautiful model accompany they . attractive people stroll by . various ethnic music plays , a warm , highly - artificial set that Willie sense , as he listen absently to the dialogue at the table , a vocabulary reduce to word of expansion , contract , and greed . on the table be cover of Sports illustrate and espn sport feature Willie . mercer «+. they will do it , you know why ? they want you !... and we will make ‘em swallow the beer distributorship too ... the thing be no one really know how good you be , man , Willie . you get in the playoff and you score , you get you moment ? -- you can forget about this team -- they gonna lose anyhow -- but you get that one shine moment when they notice you , ' money , when they really see you -- then you be a ' star ' in this culture , baby , and you be look at five million serious dollar next year someplace , anyplace ! maybe L.A. I be talk intensely to l.a . shit , Christina will extend you right now at two million for the year ... but we be gonna wait ! that 's why you get I , Willie B . to think about this thing ... model # 1 ( to Wayne ) honey , let 's go dance ... I be bored . Willie muse at the pass parade . willie ( absently ) I hope you be do a lotta that , Wayne , ' cause what if I be not make of steel ? mercer say what ? ( continued ) 205 181 . continued : 205 willie you know , what if my arm start hurtin' ? mercer ( flummox ) where you come from with that ? model # 2 baby , that arm 's gonna last you forever . Willie suddenly spot he old girl friend , vanessa , move towards the lady ' room . he jump up , follow . willie ( catch up to she ) vanessa ...? vanessa ( turn , afraid ) Willie ...? willie . ( shy ) hi ... be a while . vanessa ( awkward beat ) yeah ... so , congratulation !... willie yeah ...! vanessa you get what you want ...? willie yeah , but I be pretty stupid about it ... vanessa no , I do not think so . you be just ... willie I blow it , vanessa . I be a fool ... I be sorry . you know it all happen so goddamn fast . I just be not ready for it ... vanessa look over Willie 's shoulder . he realize , follow she glance to a well - dress , middle - age African - american businessman wait at a table . ( continued ) 205 206 182. continued : ( 2 ) 205 willie +. vanessa , I would really like to talk to you -- when you have a ... vanessa I do not think so , Willie . no. willie okay . I understand ... or do I ?... vanessa I really do not think we belong together , you be just too volatile for I , Willie . I 'ma simple girl , I like simple thing . Truth be tell , I do not like football . I just like you ... I be sorry . she go , sadly . after a brief moment of indecision , Willie follow . int . restaurant - lady ' room - continuous action 206 vanessa sort of expect Willie to follow . vanessa Willie , get the ... outta here ! willie vanessa , listen to I , please ! at the mirror , a older woman , with a bushel of white hair , look disapprovingly at Willie . willie whoa , Barbara Bush !? Willie beam . you know , I always want to meet you ' cause I always have this thing for ... despite herself , vanessa laugh . " Barbara Bush " exit in a huff . willie that 's it , baby -- let I see that smile ! vanessa ( smile ) you be such a jerkoff ...! ( continued ) 206 207 continued : 183 . 206 willie I know . just tell I I can call you , vanessa , come on ! you gotta tell I here and now -- or I will leave you here alone and never call you again ... vanessa ( laugh ) you bullshitter ! alright , call I -- if it will get you the hell out of here ! willie ( jubilant , go ) I will be callin ' you , sweetpea , you hear I ? ' Cause that date of yours ... ( make a face ) +. look like a pallbearer and that worry I ... vanessa at least he 's tall . you be just jealous ... oh , I will just be sit by the phone , wait ...! she laugh to herself when he 's go , delighted . int . shark CENTER - d'amato' office - late night 207 tony 's desk be cover with play diagram . he 's draw new route , as a old jazz recording play softly on the CD player . printout . .. crozier enter with a pile of computer crozier I take the probability on Texas . some really promise stuff on the weak zone coverage . they run leave 85 percent in the red zone when ... ( notice the diagram ) what 's this ? tony ( snort ) nothing ! I be try to come up with some play that Willie can not possibly fuck up . ( more ) ( continued ) 207 continued : 184 . 207 tony ( cont 'd ) ( as crozier laugh , sit ) Nick , I do not know what the hell to do ? I have try talk to he every way I know -- yell at he , reason with he , inspiring he -- the whole bit . crozier have you try listen to he ? try to be sensitive to what he 's -- tony ' sensitive 's ? I do not know from ' sensitive 's ! I only know one way to coach . sooner or later they have get to start act like man . crozier ++. someone come at you with a chop block , chief , and you stiffen , you gonna get hurt . you gotta bend ... like bamboo in a monsoon . tony do not answer , finger crozier 's printout . tony all this fuck number -- he run leave 18 percent faster than he run right . he play better on odd numbered day . next we be gonna calculate the angle of he dick ! what be we here for , Nick ? we be technician ! unexpectedly , heel click down the corridor , and Christina suddenly walk in , furious -- throw USA today Sports across the desk . christina congratulation ! be I the last to know ? my own team ? tony if you be talk about Rose , I be gonna bar he ass from here to fuck ... ( continued ) 207 continued : 185 . ( 2 ) 207 christina we will see about that ! I be talk about Willie ! what the hell be you do startin' rooney ? he have not play in six week and you be go to throw he into the playoff against the best pass rush in the league ?! tony cap 's my starter , christy . christina and if we lose this game because ... tony ( vaise he voice ) I '1l do you one better : in the off-season I be gonna trade Willie ! christina ( stunne ) you what ?! that be not you option ! tony yeah , it be . the kid can sella lot of t-shirt , christy , but he be tear this team apart !! christina then you hold it together . tony I can not ! not with he . christina then I would say we have another problem ! crozier ( stand ) I think I will -- tony ( cise instead , to the door ) sit down , Nick ! you want the big chair , get use to it first ...! hey if you feel that way about it , christy , I do not know what the hell I can do for you -- except take a leak . ( continued ) 207 continued : 186 . ( 3 ) 207 christina will you stop this ... posture ! where be you go ? I be not finish . the commissioner just call I . ( as tony stop ) he 's gonna fine you a 100 grand ... tony ( stunne ) for what ?! shove that talk turd out of the way ? a hundred G 's ! christina .-. and he want a public apology from you to Jack Rose ! tony that will be a cold day in hell , baby ! christina you will apologize , tony . the day when ' uncle tony ' could just do what he want -- call all the shot , fire mandrake when he want , smack sportswriter -- that day be over ! you start Willie on Sunday and you make the adjustment to modern time -- or you be out , tony ! and that 's ... tony ( explode ) you think you be gonna tell I what to do ?! you father never tell I what to do ! and you 're not gonna start now , young lady ! christina ( not back down ) will you stop use my father as a scapegoat ! do you think you do not have to deal with I by raise my father all the time ? when be you go to listen to I ! ' Cause I will tell you this right now -- I would cut my father 's ass if we be lose like this ! tony I bet you would , too ! ( continued ) 207 continued : 187 . ( 4 ) 207 christina «+ . and you know what ? I would not lose a night 's sleep over it . ' Cause like you he be sentimental . and I can not afford to be . I be in the business of hold this team together . that mean sell ! selling ticket , skybox , player . selling . that 's why Willie work for I . he sell ticket . and that 's why he 's start Sunday . tony you know , I be really sick and tired of you call I a old asshole ! you father be no genius . he act like he be . and he take a lot of credit for thing he do not do . but let I tell you something , he at least respected I and he respected the concept of the coach coach and the owner own . I can not even imagine what he would think of you right now with this ... ' act 's you be put on , but my hunch be he would be ashamed ! christina ( in a danger zone ) here we go again ! you do not listen , do you -- tony ashame ! christina why the hell do you think he leave I in charge , you bullhead moron ?! he could have make you General manager -- but he do not , do he ?! why ? because he know you do not have the gut to do it without he when he be go alright ! he tell I so himself . right there on he deathb . that 's why , tony -- because he do not trust you anymore . because you get old ! this word cut tony hard . he put on he game face . ( continued ) 207 a207 b207 208 188 . continued : ( 5 ) 207 tony ( deadly quiet ) well , this old asshole have a playoff game in two day . a game which cap rooney be go to start and finish . both of you -- get out . crozier stand , a glance to Christina . they go . tony be alone . ext . pagniacci mansion - next day a207 Christina walk along the tennis court and enter the house through the back door , bypass the housekeeper . christina ( to housekeeper ) beatriz , I will be in dad 's office ... do not bother Mom . int . pagniacci mansion - father' old office - day b207 Christina sit at she father 's desk , live in the past . we float past a large portrait of she father to the live room , where we overhear the voice of tony and Margaret . int . pagniacci mansion - parlor - day 208 tony consult with Margaret . the thick velvet drape be always draw tight here -- banish the blaze Florida sun and permanently shroud Margaret 's elegant parlor in shadow ... today she burn with a oracular power . margaret what be it you fear ...? ( pause ) you have so much fear , tony . tony I be lose the team , maggie . I be lose control . everything in my life be about control . I lead man . I control man . ( a pause ) do Art think I be past it ?... be that why he make Christina President ? do he think I could not win anymore ? ( continued ) 208 continued : 189 . 208 margaret I do not know . tony do you care ? ( a silence ) I need you help , maggie . Christina be go to destroy this team . margaret ( cryptic ) yes . in order to save it . tony ( bewilder ) we can not let that happen . we owe that to Art . margaret you never understand Art , tony ... he want a son more than anything in the world ... ( a consider pause ) when you truly contemplate what Christina be , it really be a tragedy . believe I , she will fire you and sell the soul of the team -- and everything she father stand for will die ... and that be as it should be ... and neither you nor I , or maybe even Christina herself , will ever understand she real motive ... her intensity be unnerve . margaret «+ . what will you do , tony ? after football ? what 's out there for you ? with no one to control ? tony stop it . margaret ( quietly ) .«+. I blame you for a lot of thing . you be , like Art , a monster . you have get older ... better , but for a long time I hate you . ( more ) ( continued ) 208 209 190 . continued : ( 2 ) 208 margaret ( cont 'd ) ( as tony be take aback ) yes , that game take my husband , my daughter , and my youth and leave I ... with what ? ( look around , the drape draw ) the memory of a blaze sun all that Sunday afternoon out there at the stadium ... ( disconnect ) where time just slip away . tony look away , betrayed , hurt . int . pagniacci mansion - father' old office - simultaneous action christine cry quietly , also devastate by she mother 's revelation of she character . int . d'amato' house - bedroom - night 209 a song play through the house , ghost - like . tony drink whiskey , pause , as he go through he personal memento in he chest of drawer , the tv turn to : intercut with : tv on " sportscorner , " Jack Rose , sport a dramatic bandage across he head , similar to a Revolutionary War icon , talk to sanderson . rose ( v.0 . ) «+ . thanks , ' sandman , ' for ask -- my head be still hurt , get some migraine ... and the rib be sure sore . ( grin ) but hey , I play hurt ! if you look at you monitor ... the station run the famous " shot " again , the end blurry with tony " push " Rose into the dugout . ( continued ) 209 210 191 . continued : 209 rose ( v.0 . ) .». you know this ' punch ' be more than just aggression , it be a sign of decay I think , because ... tony roar at the tv . tony aggggh ! if I would punch you , you would be shitting out you tooth right now -- you vampire prick ! he pick out Mandy 's lipstick telephone number on a piece of paper and , after a pause , tear it up . rose ( v.0 . ) «+ . to tell you the truth -- this be I speak from the heart now -- I feel a little sorry for coach d'amato . I always hope he would leave this game with a little dignity leave . Rose continue to rattle on in the b.g. , but tony ignore the babble of we time , remove from the drawer a small wooden box and a frame picture of a young tony with jeanette , timmy , and melinda . he set the box aside and pick up the picture . it be clear now that he be cry . he look at it for a long and difficult moment , then set the picture down and open the box -- in it be two glimmer pantheon Cup ring . dissolve to : ext . shark stadium - night / day ( stock footage ) 210 the music theme move over a desert field -- the night turning to dawn . image slowly move . ghost . Men who once play the game , heroic and shimmer , a thing of glory ... we do not know who this ghost be , but we sense what they represent . some in old leather helmet , the '30s , ' 40s , ' 5as , each era unfold its change ... le plus can change , le plus can reste le meme ... the diving catch , the magnificent tackle and block , the astounding run and pass become really the same through time -- accompany now by the growing roar of the fan ... the music reach a crescendo with the dawn break , and the ghost fade , and the stadium enter time present ... 211 212 213 192 . ext . dallas knight stadium - day 211 game 5 . playoff . Miami at Dallas . stadium # 1 the Dallas Knights stadium , with its artificial , exaggerated green astroturf , be spectacular . the fan be stomping in anticipation . ingo mcnaughton ( v.o. ) ( Dallas anchor ) «+ . controversy swirl around the six point shark underdog . Willie ' steamin ' beam , the sensational third - string miracle - mile quarterback who 's hold the sink shark together this last four week , be not start and be say to be feud with he beleaguere coach , tony d'amato -- who be be investigate by the League for have ' hit ' local reporter Jack Rose at practice earlier this week ... meanwhile , immortal but vulnerable cap rooney -- only six week off a microdiskectomy on he lower back -- be definitely start for the shark against the toughest pass-rush in the league . watch for the spark that be gonna fly ! we will be right back ! omitted 212 int . TEXAS stadium - basement - coach room - 213 same time coach d'amato stand at a podium in front of the large press corps . Jack " ripper " Rose accept he apology with a smug smile and a nicely - dress bandage on he forehead . tony '' + . well , clearly the tension of the season get to I and I overreact to a innocent question from a journalist we all know to be of the high caliber ... I only hope that one day I will truly be able to show Jack Rose just how much I treasure he invaluable contribution to the sport of football . thank you . ( continued ) 213 214 215 214 193. continued : he leave the podium , eye down ... Christina and the tall , dignify affa commissioner , phil johnson , be not exactly pleased with the apology . int . shark locker room - locker room # 1 - following everything we see suggest uncertainty , doubt , and tension ... Willie read x-man ... cap rooney be stretch out , towel over he head , asleep ... montage # 3 ( madman' preparation ) a brief montage of jump cut show madman 's tape preparation : ankle , knee , shoulder , jock and short , wrist and finger , shoe and sock -- be heavily tape by trainer # 3 . in he final stage , madman be the complete zombie warrior ... another player ( otis ) , finish praying , cross himself , turn to madman . otis hey , madman , do you really think God 's on we side this day ? madman ( in he growliest voice ) no! goddamnit , God 's on the side of that who love themselves !! har raa ! bathroom # 1 in the mirror , sanderson be a wreck , eye close , whisper to himself . sanderson I be the best wide receiver that ever live ! I can catch anything -.. I be the best wide receiver that ever ... locker room # 2 trainer # 1 wake up cap rooney from he slumber . he rise , stoic . 213 214 215 214 216 194 . trainers ' room # 1 216 the door be close . as the huge crowd upstairs make its presence know , stomping and roaring , the echoes surging through the tunnel and pipe of the inner stadium , Dr. power , in temporary charge , insert a large 18 - gauge needle of cortisone directly into the swollen , scar knee of shark , who wince in great pain . power drain a straw - color liquid into a Dixie cup . shark ( hiss ) God , I hate Texas ! horny ( poke he head in ) whoa ! what the fuck they do to you , man ! shark m'fucker , they be take a cyst outta my ovary !! now get the fuck outta here ... please ... power now shine a beam of light into shark 's eye , move he finger back and forth in front of he eye . power how 's that headache ? shark it be okay till you start do that shit ... power what about you balance ? shark you talkin ' my check balance ? look p-h - a-t , baby -- ' phat . ' power retract the needle . power «+. you be do . shark gimme another one . power ( astonished ) shark , you do not need it , it do not make any sense medically . ( continued ) 216 217 218 195 . continued : 216 shark ( seriously grip power ) I do not give a fuck about medical , Doc ! give I another one . just for this game ... please ! a moment pass between they , then power relent , go to get a fresh syringe . ironically , he begin perhaps to understand mandrake 's dilemma as both a doctor and a human be . omitted 217 locker room # 3 218 trainer # 1 harness cap rooney into a flak jacket , as creaky as El cid in he armor , stuff and mount for the last battle . all trainers all right , everybody ! Three minute !... Gather ' round ! coach D. get something to say ... time CUT to : same scene - later coach d'amato stand before the team , humble , hide nothing . tony I do not know what to say really . we get three minute leave till the biggest battle of we professional life ... it all come down to today . we either heal as a team or we crumble , inch by inch , play by play -- until we be finish . we be in hell right now , gentleman , believe I . we can sit here and get the shit kick out of we , or we can fight we way back into the light ; we can climb out of this anger and this doubt and this uncertainty -- we can climb out of hell -- one inch at a time , or ... ( more ) ( continued ) 218 continued : 196 . 218 tony ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) '' + . I wish I could do it for you , but I can not . I be too old . I look around at you face and I see young man and I think I make every wrong choice a middle - age old man can make -- my life be a long list of rookie mistake . I piss away all my money , chase off everyone that love I ... lately I can not even stand the face I see in the mirror . this team have never hear they coach take it to such a personal level . tony «+ . as we get older , some thing be take away ... well , that 's part of life , but you only learn that when you lose something . you find out that life be this game of inch ! so 's football . because the margin for error in either game , football or life , be so small ... so small , guy . one half - step too late or too early and you do not quite make it . one half - second too slow or too fast and you do not quite catch it ' cause it 's half a fingertip away . the inch we need be everywhere around we , they be in every break of the game , every minute , every second . mandrake forget that . he be grab for mile when he only need inch . and on this team there be no shortcut . there be no more Doctor mandrake . on this team we fight for that inch ! we tear ourselves and everyone else around we to piece for that inch ! we claw with we fingernails for that inch ' cause when you add up all that inch , that be what make the fuck difference between win and lose -- between live and die ... in any fight I can tell you this , it 's the guy who 's willing to die who 's go to win that inch . ( more ) ( continued ) 218 197 . continued : ( 2 ) 218 tony ( cont 'd ) and I know if I be gonna have any kind of life anymore , it 's because I be still willing to fight and die for that inch ... ( beat ) that 's what live be . ( sweep the team with a look ) the six inch in front of you face . I can not make you do it . you have to look around -- look at the guy next to you -- look into he eye -- and I think you will see a guy you know will go that inch with you . you will see a guy who will sacrifice himself for this team because when it come down to it , he know you would do the same for he ! that 's a team , gentleman !... and either we will heal now as a team -- or we will die as individual ... Willie listen to this word , with new meaning . tony that 's football , guy . ( pause ) that 's all it be . ( then ) now what be you go to do ? silence ... the team , as if one mind , emit a roar of approval . the player hug and slap each other on the back . it be a joyous moment of sudden unification and affection , a savage release of tension . Julian jump up onto a table , grab they attention . WASHINGTON listen up , listen up ! I get something ' to say ! the team fall quiet again . WASHINGTON thank you , ' coach Stone Age ' ! ( more ) ( continued ) 218 198 . continued : ( 3 ) 218 WASHINGTON ( cont 'd ) ( laughter ) but you be right ! hey , you all know what I have be through . you all know about the money I get . I be hearin ' all about people sayin ' this and that about I . but lemme tell ya something : I be sick and tired of it !... I love this game . I want to play this game with you people -- as part of a_team !! ( as the team cheer ) and I know this sound corny but I want to thank Willie beam , in he own fuck - up way , for makin ' I care about this game again . ( turn to Willie ) come here , you little bastard ! he grab a smile Willie into he bear- like hug and swing he around . this be another moment of significance . the team go wild to see this two finally connect ... and now Monroe feel he must leap on the bench to speak he piece : monroe coach put he heart and soul out for we . give I that nasty D ! team nasty d! monroe i_want psychodrive -- I want mad dog , drool , rabid , tooth - bare , ball - out , limb -tear , face - shredd intensity ! what -- do -- we -- live -- for , defense ?! team turn-over ! turn-over ! turn-over ! monroe what -- do -- we -- live -- for offense ?! team touch -down ! touch -down ! touch - down ! monroe team ! what do we live and die for ?! ( continued ) 218 continued : ( 4 ) team Victory ! Victory ! Victory ! the team run roaring from the locker room . 199 . 218 when most of the team have exite , monty climb down from the bench . monroe ( to tony ) goddamn ! I be too old for this shit ! time CUT to : 219 media booth # 1 tug kolowski and ingo mcnaughton be on the a tug and here we go , lady and gentleman , get ready for a classic ! here in Texas , they say God make it so big and flat so everybody could play football ! ingo ( laugh ) «+ . that 's right , tug , year ago when Dallas be one and 15 , they blame it on God , say he be on vacation that year ... 220 video from media booth Pov - field # 1 the open kickoff as mcnaughton call it . ingo ( v.o. ) it 's a huge boot from Croft ... scanlon take it in the end zone ... he 's run it out ... tug ( v.o. ) dangerous move ... ingo ( v.o. ) scanlon skirt a tackle ... he 's get a block ... he 's get some run roo tug ( v.o. ) ( laugh ) uh-oh ! watch out ...! 219 ir . 220 ( continued ) 220 221 222 223 224 200 . continued : 220 ingo ( v.o. ) he 's at the thirty ... the thirty - five !... he 's get some daylight !... he 's break loose ! he could go all the way !! the Dallas runner ( scanlon ) race through shark defender and into the end zone . Dallas fan leap to they foot -- a enormous , pound celebration , the sound heighten by the echoey nature of the stadium . luxury BOX # 1 221 Christina , Ed Phillips , Joe polito and other watch , they hope suddenly dash . christina it 's gonna be a long day ... sideline # 1 222 coach d'amato clap he hand and walk down the sideline , talk to he troops , come to a stop at cap rooney -- Willie close by . tony awright , awright , no big deal . we still block and tackle . ( to rooney ) stick with the game plan , cap . you set on the first series ? cap ... piece of cake , coach . tony then bring it home , rock ! rooney stride onto the field . stand # 1 223 the Miami section unleash a great stomp of recognition and adoration . huge boo from the Dallas side ... sideline # 2 224 the shark mascot dance . cap rooney be back ! two pantheon Cup ring , anything can happen in the memory . anything !! Willie applaud as well , look over to see : 225 & 226 a226 227 228 229 230 201 . omitted 225 & 226 stand # 2 a226 his mom -- with a older lady friend and a young sister at the 50 - yard line . she wave to he , in she Sunday best , proud of he . stand # 3 227 Cindy rooney -- with a retinue of loyal wife -- clamor for cap . huddle # 1 228 cap guy , I miss you ugly mug . sanderson whoa !... Old time , baby ! howszat disc of yours ? still spin ? cap like Jerry Lee Lewis ! okay , Blue twin right Ace 90 seam . on two . and do not let that corner take away the inside , sandman . ( grin ) trip he , tickle he nut , I do not give a darn . sanderson same old , same old . he be nonexistent ! cap on two . ready ? montage # 4 - cap rooney' comeback 229 field # 2 the ball be snap ... and we go into a series of cut of cap rooney 's return -- four play , all quick , on - the - money pass , inside and out , cap in control , move the team like a whipmaster . time CUT to : omitted 230 231 232 233 234 235 236 a236 237 202 . field # 3 231 on the fourth play , cap find the second wide out ( owen ) for a td ! stand # 4 232 a Dallas fan deck a overenthusiastic miamian ... time CUT to : field # 4 233 shark sack the Dallas qb -- jumpoing up and do he " sack dance . " tug ( v.o . ) there he go ! sack number 12 of the year -- a personal high for luther lavay . field # 5 234 but Dallas stay right in the game . a short , break - field run , 22 yard for a touchdown . ( ingo ad lib . ) each man obviously root against the other . time CUT to : field # 6 235 answer by a Miami 32 - yard field goal ... intercut with : sideline # 3 236 Willie listen and watch closely as d'amato confer with rooney , study cap 's style on the field . he -- not cherubini -- be call in the play , which put he in the heart of the conflict . scoreboard # 1 a236 miami 10 , dallas 14 . first quarter 2:48 ... field # 7 237 shark be poise to score on the Dallas 11 ... ( continued ) 237 a237 238 239 a239 203 . continued : 237 cap fade back -- a Dallas defender break through the line -- cap scramble out of the pocket -- no one can get open -- he tuck the ball and decisively charge the goal line . the " old man " will not be deny in a race to the goal line . a Dallas defender zeroe in on he . Rather than slide , rooney hurl himself into the air , inspire possibly by the young Willie and collide head - first with a Dallas defender -- a thunderclap of sound . the ball , tight in rooney 's grasp , be plant firmly beyond the goal line -- touchdown ! sideline # 4 a237 the shark taste the old glory ! field # 8 238 rooney pull himself slowly to he foot , accept the congratulation of he teammate , inwardly numb , outwardly ecstatic . ingo ( v.o. ) that be the meaning , in one sentence , of ' Captain 's Jack rooney . he will not take ' no ' for a answer . I deeply admire a man of that caliber . tug ( v.o. ) ingo , I never see you that move by anything . intercut with : sideline # 5 239 d'amato watch rooney intently , sense the worst , but bask in the glory of it -- the aging charioteer pause in the end zone , open he breast to the roar of the crowd . his moment in time . time CUT to : scoreboard # 2 a239 miami 17 , dallas 14 . second quarter . 11:12 ... 240 241 a241 204 . huddle # 2 240 rooney 's significant pain carry over . his teammate keep a respectful silence , but he sweat and breathes with difficulty . cap awright , come on . second and two , gang . let 's get it . pro Left y switch Zig 90 fade . on two . ready ? as they break : sanderson ( urgent , draw a blank ) what 's the color ? WASHINGTON what ? sanderson the live color ? I can not remember the color -- WASHINGTON Red for chrissake ! on two ! if you be fuck up , sandman ? take yourself out , man . sanderson ( panicked ) can not remember the play ! field # 9 241 cap fade back , a fake screen to Julian which deceive Dallas , then he fling it far downfield -- head for sandman ... rooney think it 's a lock ... but the pass , 45 yard in the air , be overthrown by inch ! -- sanderson , perhaps a half step late on he own , stretch but cannot grasp it -- miss by a inch -- the ball implode , incomplete , as the Miami fan moan and the Dallas fan roar . as cap walk to the sideline , crossing he punting unit , a eerie feel invade a mind already fragile in confidence . time CUT to : scoreboard # 3 a241 miami 17 , dallas 14 . second quarter . 03:57 ... 242 243 244 245 246 a246 205 . field # 10 242 rooney scan the defense , see the sign for a full blitz . under the center , he hand shake . cap ( audible ) set! Black 45 ... razor , razor ... 495 max , 495 max ... Hut ! Hut ! the full blitz at the Miami 35 -- two Dallas speedster come from either side -- rooney fake a handoff to Julian and turn upfield -- but both Dallas defender slam into he , a devastating double hit -- he body crumple into the grass . the ball sail from he hand -- a Dallas lineman snatching it up on the bounce and sprinting to the Miami 17 . stand # 5 243 the crowd , which a few short minute ago love this man , have turn surly and unsure . time be swift . stand # 6 244 Cindy rooney know it 's over . luxury BOX # 2 245 so do Christina . christina ( to Phillips and polito ) I be go down ... int . visitors ' locker room - halftime 246 on tv : the score read Miami 17 , Dallas 21 . storage room # 1 a246 in a dark and solitary storeroom , sanderson be shaking and sweat , pathetically plead to Dr. power : sanderson Doc , you be my man . I be just ask you this one time ... look at I . ( continued ) a246 247 continued : 206 . a246 power stop begging , Jimmy . you be make I nervous . you would make water nervous . sanderson it 's like that , okay ? it be not right , Doc , I never ask you for nothing ! m'fucker ! look at I , look at my goddamn hand ... ( shaking ) man , i live to catch pass , you understand that ?! ritalin , diet shit , anything ! power Jimmy , we be through this . I can not , I will not ... sanderson you be lettin ' I die out there ! I can not beat ‘em anymore ! half a step , it 's all I be sayin ' , half a fuckin ' step ! I be 28 , man , I be a old man out there ! power there be a line , Jimmy . I will not cross it . you do not need it . you can win without it . sanderson who you shittin ' ! it 's over ... if you could run , catch , feel what I feel , you would be a whole different person , Doc . you be just try to hold I down . it 's all right , man , I will make it without you ! I will make it without you , m'fucker ...! training area # 2 247 trainer # 1 and # 2 work on cap rooney , re-taping he bruise rib and back , as tony cross in . tony can you play ? cap .+. bang up , but I be okay ... ( continued ) 207 . 247 continued : 247 tony can you play ? cap yeah ... you bet . tony rock -- look at I -- can you play ? rooney look at he . his face tell the story . tony you fight like a son-of - a-bitch out there , rock ... I will never forget this . cap -++- go do you job , coach . 248 locker room # 4 248 tony move around the locker room , study he team . he lock eye with Willie , who come over . they speak quietly . tony this be not about you and I anymore . you have get to lead they , Willie . when they look in you eye , they gotta believe . willie I know ... Christina -- surprising everyone -- enter the locker room , move quickly past the player . with Ed Phillips and Joe polito back she , she seek out tony . christina what do you think you be do ? tony ( seethe ) you get no business here -- I tell you not to come here ! christina do not you see what 's go on , you ... tony sweep Christina by the elbow , into the small visit coach 's locker room . 208 . a248 coach locker room # 1 a248 tony ( as intense as he can get ) leave here before I lose my temper , Mrs. pagniacci , do you hear I ?!... christina i_do not care what you problem with he be -- alright !? cap rooney be over ! you be the only one that 's fail to see ... outside , the player listen silently . he throw a pause . Christina tony never -- never -- talk that way in front of my player ! do you understand !... or I will spank the live shit out of you , little girl !! christina ( scared ) do not talk to I like that ! it 's my team too ! and I do not give a fuck if Willie 's change the play ! you let you ego get in the way of this team , and it be go to cost we the game ! tony get out ! get out now ! before I ... a chair . Willie enter tentatively ... willie miss pagniacci ...? I be sorry but ... ( as Christina wait ) «+. coach d'amato -- he already tell I I be go in . they all share look . tony ( quietly ) Jesus Christ , christy ... what the hell happen to you ...? exit , she dignity intact . ( continued ) a248 249 209 . continued : a248 christina ( nod to Willie ) good ...! prove ‘em wrong , Willie ... she cross to the main locker room , she entourage follow . ext . dallas stadium - tunnel - night ( second half ) 249 tony be talk fast to Willie as they move down the tunnel . the sound of the crowd growing ... tony .»-- take control of the huddle , get ‘em in and out quick . take advantage of the box while the speaker 's hot . willie ( tbd ) yup . tony keep a eye on the front four . make they work sideline to sideline , they will slow down , and when you see they , take a knee , lookin ' for some air , they be lose it . then you go right at ‘em . Control the line of scrimmage , and you be gonna control this game . willie yup . tony stat do not mean shit to I . get I five yard on first , and they ' 1l have to worry about stop both you and Julian . possession of the ball -- that 's all I want . move that chain . willie yup . tony read the safety 's drop , if he 's flat foote or in he backpedal , we go downtown . keep ‘em honest with you eye . the longer you look they off , the tougher it be for they to make they break . surprise them , make it sudden , Willie . ( continued ) 249 210 . continued : 249 willie yup . tony what be you , Gary Cooper ? willie who ? tony forget it . remember , keep they off balance with the hard count . that will slow the pass rush and buy you more time . if you see they arm shaking and they ass up in the air , they be come ... Control the line of scrimmage , you be gonna control this game , Willie willie coach , you say that already ... tony «+ . and do not forget to look for the mismatch ! ( as Willie sigh ; he repeat ) look for the mismatch . you will find one ... one more thing ! ( carefully ) right out of the gate , let it fly . go 999 , and shock the shit out of ‘em . he grin at a surprised Willie . as they now break from the tunnel , the roar of the Dallas crowd , and the excitement of the sportscaster 's voice overwhelm all . ingo ( v.o. ) well , everyone know it 's ' crunch time ' for steamin ' beam . cagey old veteran have be know to crack under playoff pressure -- so you gotta wonder how this rather volatile kid will stack up ... tug ( v.0 . ) no , sir ! prisoner will not be take in this second half ! the survive team go to Minnesota next week for the Conference championship . 250 251 252 211 . sideline # 5 250 Willie step to the side , alone -- and vomit quietly ... then he jog out onto the field for the second half . tug ( v.o. ) oh boy ! Dallas be in trouble now ' Willie 's ritual . ' you know , ingo , in Tampa Bay one time you look just like that after ... ingo finally laugh . huddle # 3 251 Willie , totally focus , assess he teammate . he spot cap rooney , in uniform , signal in the play ! willie okay , strong Left Zig 90 gun , on three , serious -- it 's they call . and by the way , guy -- ( beat ) I apologize for have a big head back there -- but that be not I . it be the Devil Red 6 - 6 - 6 . ( as they laugh ) now let 's get this bitch before they know what hit ‘em ! on three . ready ! they clap and break , believe it . over Willie : cap ( v.o. ) ( helmet ) watch for the robber on the right ... you know it 's a beautiful thing to watch you throw , kid ! willie good to hear you say that , not-so-old -man . field # 11 252 willie set! Black 41 , Black 41 ! Hut ! Hut ! Hut ! Willie step back , fling it far ... 50 aerial yard ... interception !... a upset roar from the Dallas fan . 212 . 253 sideline # 6 253 Willie jog back , past tony , loose about it . tony ( into headset ) ... hey at least he run the play I call ! willie ( to tony ) one inch to the leave , it would have work . 261 luxury BOX # 3 261 the affa commissioner , with a small entourage , be watch part of the game in Christina 's box . christina -.. let I on the Finance Committee , phil , and I know I could make a difference with the network . I know New York , I ... commissioner you mother look great , by the way ... christina thank you . she 's always love Dallas . love Neiman Marcus . commissioner great lady . and you golf ? christina I be about a 11 now ... from the white . think you can take I ? commissioner whoa ! not bad ! I be afraid I be not in you class , Christina . ( cise to leave ) good game . good team . ( crossing to Margaret with she two pet dog in hand ) Margaret ... margaret it 's nice to see you , phil . commissioner still miss Art . ( continued ) 261 213. continued : 261 margaret I do , too ... ( display she new dog ) have you meet gabrielle ? commissioner ( a beat ) ++. so I have . he move , with great dignity , to the door . christina ( follow he , unsatisfy ) phil , I would really like to ... they be out of earshot at the door . the commissioner , obviously under some pressure of he own , decide to tell she now . commissioner Christina , the owner would like you to come up to New York for a meeting . sometime before the first of the year ... if possible ? christina ( surprised ) oh ? about what , sir ? commissioner well ... there 's a concern that 's be voice about some move that be make ... mmm , on you behalf , for another Los Angeles franchise -+. several of the Association 's rule may have be violate on this . we have hear that ... christina ( stunne ) who ! who say this ? who 's be say this ...! she check herself . commissioner be Wednesday this week too soon ? christina not at all . that will be fine , sir . ( continued ) 261 a261 261 a254 255 214 . continued : ( 2 ) 261 commissioner good . then the best of luck to you today ... he exit . corridor outside BOX a261 the commissioner , on the way out , shake he head , to a associate . commissioner +. I honestly believe that woman would eat she young . luxury BOX # 4 261 Christina , staggered , turn to Ed Phillips and johnny . christina what the hell happen !? ed phillip I do not know , but somebody open he big mouth . and I will bet you it be we friend the Mayor ! johnny polito you be miss the point , Ed . this guy definitely do not want she in l.a . that 's the point . Christina be worried . scoreboard # 4 a254 read : miami 17 , dallas 28 . third quarter . 4:27 ... sideline # 7 255 Dallas have add another td ! it look dicey . tony ( to Willie ) Branco 's aching to nail ya . he 's play for the camera . go Split Left 90 hitch , but if you think Branco 's gonna bite , audible a fade right to ' sandman . ' ( continued ) 255 256 257 258 215 . continued : 255 willie you gonna let I check off ? where 's the coach I know and love ? tony if Branco bite . willie you git it , coach . field # 12 256 Willie scan the defense . as predict , the Dallas player ( Branco ) be tense for the blitz , he knuckle white to the astroturf . willie ( audible ) set! Blue 22 ... razor , razor ... 955 , 955 ... Hut ! Branco break through ! Willie , expect it , throw a classic screen pass to Julian , who rumble for 15 plus yard . Branco lie on the field , bleed . his eyeball lie several foot away . it be shocking , and quickly cover up by the tv camera . tug ( v.o. ) time out . and we will be right back , folk , after a word ... time CUT to : field # 13 257 a classic sweep follow , run by Washington , thunder towards tony on the sideline ; he turn the corner with a great block from madman , and pick up another 20 yard to the Dallas 12 - yard line . sideline # 8 258 tony , rediscover the purity of the sweep , smile to himself . Monroe catch tony 's expression and give he the " up . " ( continued ) 258 259 a259 260 254 216 . continued : 258 field # 14 Willie hand off to sanderson , who hand it to the second wide receiver , owen , who run a reverse 20 yard in for a touchdown ! time CUT to : scoreboard # 5 259 miami 24 , dallas 28 . FOURTH quarter . 12:57 ... field # 15 a259 the Dallas qb answer right back . running in for a td ! sideline # 9 260 it 's now Dallas 35 , Miami 24 -- 11 point . we pull down from the scoreboard to : willie ( be : Dallas qb , to d'amato ) whatsamatter with this guy ? do not he know I be gonna whip he ass ? tony maybe no one 's tell he yet . cap ( to Willie ) you can beat he , Willie . I know he mind ... if you hit for another score now , quickly , he will fold , I know it . cap 's eye be solid , supportive . Willie believe . christina's luxury BOX # 5 254 in a quiet moment , Christina notice most of she associate talk business on cell phone or to each other , only watch the game in quick eyeburst -- she hear a buzzing chorale of " increase market share " and '' merchandize revenue stream " and " league relocation protocol ... " Margaret sit in a quiet corner with a friend , sip on a bloody Mary . she smile over at she daughter . 262 263 a263 264 265 217 . field # 16 262 the shark offense be on the Dallas 25 , third and seven . Willie be over the ball . his eye focus ... a Dallas safety have he " go to " foot a slight inch ahead of the other . Willie smile . willie ( audible ) set! Zorro , Zorro ... Red 66 , Red 66 ... Hut ! Willie spin back and hand the ball off to Washington on a counter . Washington shoot through the line with room to run . willie go , baby ! downfield , a Dallas defender try to force Washington out of bound , but spin on a dime , Washington cut back towards the center of the field -- Dallas defender tackle he -- one , two , three at a time -- but he drag they for another five yard -- into the end zone . touchdown !... Willie be the first downfield to jump all over he . time CUT to : scoreboard # 6 263 miami 31 , dallas 35 . FOURTH quarter . 02:00 ... Miami time - out remain : 2 . a whistle blows . the clock run . field # 17 a263 the Dallas offense at the Miami 24 -- third and seven . sideline # 10 264 tony talk closely and intently with Willie ... field # 18 265 the Dallas qb pitch to the flat -- he run back snare the ball and crack back for a few extra yard -- tired tackle from the exhaust shark . 266 267 268 218. sideline # 11 266 fourth down and one . Miami 18 - yard line . tony look ... the Dallas field goal unit be not come out . they be go for it ! tony call a time - out ... shark run off the field to sideline . tony and Monroe converse with shark . tug ( v.o . ) -.. and Dallas be goin ' for it ! they be takin ' as much time as they can in they huddle . the clock be tickin' . one minute fifty . whew , be I feel this in the pit of my stomach ! oh , boy ! ingo ( v.o. ) gutsy move on Dallas 's part ! fourth and one , they be take a big chance here . they could take a easy field goal and even if Miami get a touchdown , the game would go into overtime . but ' coach U ' smell victory now , not a tie , a real gambler ... tug ( v.o. ) .+. hey , I would do the same thing , ingo . that 's the kind of play call I like ! it win ball game ! sideline # 12 267 tony and Willie stand close as we hear : ingo ( v.o. ) this be the game , tug ! if Miami can hold they here , Willie beam will have one last chance . PRESS BOX # 1 268 Jack Rose be outside himself , root . tug ( v.o. ) this be it , guy and doll , this be where the famous rubber meet the famous road ! 269 270 271 219 . miami defensive huddle # 1 269 shark , bloody and exhaust , yell at he defensive unit : shark y'all gonna make this tackle , bitch ! everything we do for be on the line !! this play ! right now ! right here ! forever ! be proud ! dallas huddle # 1 270 dallas qb make the first here , take a knee and it 's hello Minnesota . on one . ready ?! they clap and move to the ball . field # 19 271 as the Dallas qb scan the defense , shark call for a shift in the Miami defense . dallas qb go! 47 Tiger ... Monday , Monday ... 48 bandit , 48 bandit ... Hut ! shark ( simultaneous to Dallas qb ) Roll -left ! Roll -left ! orbit wheel ! strong right ! Edge back ! orbit Left ! omaha orbit Left ! the defensive player scurry to new position . the Dallas qb shoot back , hand off to the run back . shark wait , poise to fill the hole . the back power forward , no run lane -- he bounce to the outside , see daylight , speed for it ... shark run desperately to the same hole on he bum and swollen knee . the runner be almost to the first down marker -- inch ! -- he dive for it ! shark dive at the exact same time -- a all - out lunge of sheer faith to stop the first down -- at any cost ! shark and the runner collide , a loud crash ! the runner be stop ! a inch or two short of the first down marker ! the Miami 18 . 272 a272 273 274 275 276 220 . sideline # 13 272 tony and Monroe go nut in each other 's grasp . just like the old day ! scoreboard # 7 a272 clock stop for the change of possession . 01:34 ... field # 20 273 but shark lie there like a dead man -- no motion ! Dr. power and two trainer race onto the field . stand # 7 274 shark 's wife and kid look on , terrify . sideline # 14 275 tony hurry out , as do Monroe . in b.g. , Willie and cap wait in the grip of fear . the entire team wait . tony and Monroe now run out . tug ( v.o. ) shark lavay be down and it look bad , but he definitely squash Dallas 's first down , and it 's now Miami 's ball . I can not think of a finer way to take a hit like that for you teammate ! ingo ( v.o. ) no , sir ! what a great tackle ! one for the record book ! media BOX # 1 276 on tv : the tackle replay ... then the medical cart be show on the field . nothing be say . the stadium be hushed . ingo ( v.o. ) well , Miami have one time - out remain . they be down by 4 with 1:34 leave . nothing less than a touchdown will ... 277 278 279 221 . field # 21 277 shark be definitely not move . the ambulance wait near the goalpost . tony , power , Monroe , and the trainer wait helplessly . monroe shark , talk to I please ! ( to other ) Jesus Christ , be this the way it start ...? be he ever gonna ...? they ease he onto a stretcher when suddenly shark 's eye open , fall on tony with a glazy smile -- and a huge headache ! shark ( weakly ) «+. I ... stop ‘em ? tony ( deeply relieved ) oh , shark ! you stop ‘em cold , baby ! godammit ! monroe you get the bonus , baby ! a million buck ! shark ( dreamy ) a million dollar ...! ( see power ) say , power ...? power ad lib . shark be you still white ? stand # 8 278 both set of fan roar they appreciation for he valor , as he try to acknowledge they with a weak wave of he arm , as they cart he off . stand # 9 279 shark 's family , next to Willie 's mom , react with great relief and joy . ( continued ) 279 280 281 282 283 222 . continued : 279 tug ( v.o. ) he 's okay ! he 's okay ! shark lavay , one of the great the game have ever see , have probably play he last game , but I can think of no ... sideline # 15 280 tony clasp Willie by the shoulder . tony he give you the shot , Willie . now take it . ( as Willie nod ) -+. it 's you time . Willie run out , the crowd go nut ! field # 22 281 first and ten on the Miami 18 . 82 yard to go . 1:34 ... willie drop back in the shotgun formation -- no pass lane open , all cover , Willie drop a short screen to Julian , who dazzle on a 16 - yarder out of bound . time CUT to : scoreboard # 8 282 miami 31 , dallas 35 . FOURTH quarter . 00:55 ... tug ( v.o. ) second and ten . 66 yard to go . 55 second . one false step and that 's all she write , my friend . ingo ( v.o . ) coach d'amato be gonna need every bless one of that second . huddle # 4 283 Willie notice sanderson be rattle , he eye close , sweat a storm . ( continued ) 283 284 285 286 223 . continued : 283 willie fourth Quarter . 55 second leave . it 's do or die . pro Left Red 88 bronco . on two ... you tight , ' sandman ' ? Eye to eye . sanderson tighter than pussy on pre-wedd day ... willie ( grin ) that 's why you be the best ! you like pussy as much as I do ! okay then , let 's show this big -ass Texas boy what road - kill look like ! keep it lethal , ' money . we be through on two . field # 23 284 Willie in shotgun formation -- Three wide out . willie ( scan the defense , audible ) set! Red 44 ... razor , razor ... 88 Sally , 88 Sally ... Hut ! Hut ! Willie again see nothing , the receiver all expertly cover . but then he see -- a chance -- a desperate chance -- sanderson be slant free downfield -- sideline # 16 285 tony see it as well : tony do it ! do it ! field # 24 286 Willie take that cubic centimeter of chance ; he fling it deep ... in breathless suspense , the ball sail . sanderson , sweat like a pig in he helmet , see it , adjust he route mid-stride ... it 's as if it be he soul fly towards he , which he now catch ! and then run it in another 15 yard into the end zone ! a miracle ! Jimmy sanderson feel himself freed of the demon ! 287 288 289 290 224. sideline # 17 287 a frenzied celebration on the Miami sideline -- in the stand -- they have win ! but suddenly ... tony be crestfallen . field # 25 288 a yellow penalty flag lie on the field ... holding ! referee # 3 no touchdown . holding on offense # 69 . repeat second down . ten yard . madman furiously shove referee # 3 in argument , and the referee eject he from the game ( ad lib ) . ingo ( v.o. ) oh , that might just be the back - breaker right there ! tug ( v.0 . ) that would take the air out of any tire . it 's gonna take a enormous amount of will now to ... luxury BOX # 5 289 Christina and she guest groan . there Pov the entire field stretch before Willie and the offense in the huddle . never have 76 yard look so long . back to scene Christina sit down next to she mother ; they talk ad lib -- a new attitude shaping between they . huddle # 4 290 39 second . willie okay , this be the way I like it -- we get them just where we want ‘em . WASHINGTON you be such a punk ! ( continued ) 290 291 292 225 . continued : 290 willie watch you mouth or I will take it in myself . WASHINGTON I like you better when you be puke . willie Nice and easy , boy . one play at a time . keep the route sharp and kiss the sideline like it 's the hot momma you ever see and we be there ! lemme hear it , brother ! ( as the team roar ) lemme hear it again ! ( louder , even more inspire ) now let 's see the swagger , motherfucker ! the team clap , break , and start to the line . the Dallas defense be wear by the swagger and trash - talk come right at they . cap ( v.o. ) ( helmet ) .«.. take another pop at that weakside safety . he 's pretend . montage # 5 - two-minute drill ( 5 th game ) 291 field # 26 a flurry of play -- tony firmly in control -- each play well - call and quickly execute -- relay from tony to crozier , to cap to Willie . a chain of mind . every person do they job . quick cut and flash subjective -- a catch pass -- a runner leap out of bound -- a screen pass slant out of bound ... coach ' booth # 1 292 crozier reeling off the play in conjunction with tony . ( continued ) 292 a292 293 294 226 . continued : 292 he Pov the shark move downfield like a ravage but hungry 4th quarter machine . sanderson be back to he natural glory , play without the help of substance . scoreboard # 9 a292 miami 31 , dallas 35 . 35 yard to go . 13 second . field # 27 293 Willie , gaze over the defense at the line , do not like what he see , call he last " time out . " tug ( v.o. ) that 's it ! the last one ! something seem to be wrong ! sideline # 18 294 Willie jog over to tony . willie they have it cold . tony smart move . how ya do ? willie I be ready to win . tony you know , there 's something important I gotta ask you ... willie what 's that ? tony that day you come over to my house , I make dinner for you ? willie ( wary ) yeah ? tony do you not like the jambalaya ? Willie look at he and laugh . ( continued ) 294 295 a295 296 a296 227 . continued : 294 willie well , frankly , coach , it suck -- need more season ... that 's why I be throw up every week . tony ( smile ) I think that . just go out and kick they ass and win the game ! time CUT to : field # 28 295 Willie scan the end zone -- would love to take a_ shot -- but there 's nothing -- he throw the ball away , spike the clock . scoreboard # 10 a295 now read 35 yard , 9 second leave ... sideline # 20 296 tony stare at the field , at Willie , deep in think -- it seem the biggest decision of he career be always now . tony ( to crozier ) comanche . intercut with : coach booth # 2 a296 crozier you be kid ! tony let the kid do he thing ! crozier Jesus Christ , tony , we get nine second -- ! you be banking on ... tony cast he eye skyward at crozier in the box . ( continued ) 228 . a296 continued : a296 tony this be what coach 's all about , Nick . you up to it ? crozier breathes and relay the play to cap , on to Willie . crozier okay you get it . spread West hustle 60 comanche right . remind he he 's get the option -- rifle or spread formation , check at the line ... 297 huddle # 5 297 Willie hear it from cap and look over at tony in amazement . tony nod ... Willie shake he head . okay ! willie ( loose ) okay , guy , it can not get more fun than this ! I swear to God I do not call this one . spread West hustle 60 comanche right , check with I . on one . ready . WASHINGTON man have ball of iron . willie tony be the man ! we together on this , j-man ? WASHINGTON Dynamic duo , brother . willie I feel you . let 's see that all - pro strut , baby ! ready ? check with I on one . ready ? 298 field # 29 298 they break and line up over the ball . Willie scan 's the defense . willie set , rifle 22 , rifle 22 ! Hut ! ( continued ) 298 a298 b298 c298 d298 e298 229 . continued : 298 Willie pump fake a pass to sanderson -- the Dallas defender flinch leave to cover he -- Willie immediately take off right with the ball , skim the outside of the line -- madman deliver a devastating block -- Julian run slightly behind Willie , ready to throw he block -- ... but Willie see some daylight , and tear down the sideline -- the Dallas safety be racing he -- just as he zoom in on Willie , he lateral the ball to Julian just behind he ... Julian snag the ball -- leap around the safety , who slam Willie out of bound -- Julian race against time down the sideline , turn on the afterburner -- the game clock . scoreboard # 11 : a298 game clock tick down ... 00:07 ... 00:06 ... 00:05 ... intercut with : sideline # 20 b298 face : tony , cap , Monroe , other ... intercut with : stand # 10 c298 face : Cindy , other ... field # 30 d298 a Dallas corner be move fast onto Julian -- but Julian , flash the clock , play smart -- without selfishness -- no dazzle spin move -- no evasion -- he dive out of bound . scoreboard # 12 e298 the clock freeze . Three yard to go . no penalty . four second . one play . tug ( v.o. ) oh my God ! my heart be up in my mouth right now ! ingo ! this be what football 's all about ... torture ! 299 300 301 302 230 . sideline # 21 299 tony ( to crozier , be : Willie 's run ) he 's still hold onto that thing like a loaf of bread . someone 's gonna take it from he . ( to cap and qb coach ; look at Willie ) ... be he okay ?! ( to Julian ) Way to run ! ( to cap and staff ) he do it for once ! he think with he head , not he ball -- unselfish ! great move ... let 's go ... four second . one time . I love this game ! PRESS BOX # 2 300 Jack Rose be as excited as any ll- year- old kid , praying to more worldly god . luxury BOX # 6 301 Christina and she mother share the moment of together , root for once as a family . sideline # 22 302 Willie now huddle with tony , forehead to forehead , talk low , confidently , as cap listen . tony take a breath ... willie okay ... okay ... tony you set ? willie yeah . tony then make ‘em believe , Willie . this time . now . ( continued ) 302 b301 302 303 304 305 306 231 . continued : 302 cap remember : see it before you do it , kid . Willie nod and run back onto the field , as there be no time out leave ! scoreboard # 13 b301 miami 31 , dallas 35 . FOURTH quarter . 00:04 ... stand # 11 302 the fan be in a uproar , stomping , scream ! a man in a gorilla suit with a placard : " I have go ape over Willie ! " be push and maul by irate Dallas fan . off fly he ape head ! huddle # 7 303 willie well , it 's we time in the sun , guy . ( look into each face ) one on one , man on man , together ! Left tank stack 421 Rhino . lean and mean . on three . ready ! they break and line up over the ball at the four yard line . Willie scan the defensive alignment . the play clock march ... stand - day ( last play ) 304 the breathless crowd ... field # 31 - Pov - dallas defender 305 point , shifting position , try to confuse Willie . side line # 23 306 player kneel on the sideline , some praying , barely dare to watch , some chew nail , other scream encouragement ... cap rooney whisper a silent prayer for Willie . coach d'amato -- the picture of a man at a zenith in he life ... 307 a307 a307 b307 232. field # 32 307 willie set Black 66 , Black 66 . Hut ! Hut ! Hut ! a sudden torrent of movement -- Miami slam forward -- Dallas slam back -- in slow motion , Julian reach for the handoff -- the ball slap into he stomach -- a convincing fake -- as Willie keep the ball -- Julian leap leave -- Dallas defender surge to cover he -- at that moment Willie choose to go right back over the hole Julian have collapse . High over the goal line -- he seem to sail through the air for suspend moment -- he be almost there -- almost across the plain of the goal line , almost to glory -- as a wall of Dallas player rise up to meet he like a breaker at sea ... Willie crash into it ... brief shot of ghost a307 whoever he be -- from another time -- diving with he . Willie seem to bauble the football as he disappear into " big Wednesday . " all SOUND cease . wind play off the grass ... in the silence of the major pileup , body drape and intertwined like smoking car wreck , referee # 2 dig out the player , one by one , look for the ball «+ . the tension rise to extraordinary height ! where the fuck be it ? sideline # 24 a307 tony wait silently ... tug ( v.o. ) I think he lose it , ingo ! field # 33 b307 a player peel off , revealing Willie smile , the ball hold awkwardly up around he neck , but firmly in he possession ... referee # 2 's arm now shoot up in slow motion -- touchdown ! the Miami player go absolutely nut ! the Dallas player be stunne , protest !... Willie be haul into the air by he ecstatic teammate . the Dallas crowd be stunne and silent ; Miami fan be ecstatic ! tug ( v.o. ) I have see Mecca , ingo !! I have see Mecca ! I be redeeme ! c307 d307 e307 308 233 . PRESS BOX # 2 c307 even Jack Rose be in love with the shark again . rose ( into he tv camera ) ' never say never . ' my sharky have do it ! a few short week ago , who would have believe Willie beam ...? scoreboard # 13 d307 miami 37 , dallas 35 . FOURTH quarter . 00:00 ... sideline # 25 e307 pandemonium on the shark sideline . tony fall to he knee in a prayer - like position ... then finally rise , and run across the field to hug the Dallas coach . int . shark locker room - locker room # 4 - night 308 jubilation in the locker room ... Willie give and receive congratulation from all ... cap rooney search out Willie in the chaos . they eye meet , with respect . cap great game ... whoever you be . willie thank you , cap . they nod to each other . simple as that . series of dissolves : the player and reporter and team personnel gradually disappear until coach d'amato and rooney be leave in a corner of the quiet locker room . cap I be call it quit . tony you sure ? cap I be sure . a beat . ( continued ) 308 309 310 234 . continued : 308 tony I be sorry I put you in , cap . cap oh , hell ! ( actually swear , relieved ) I be not . they need to see I fail . so I do ! and I be glad Cindy get a taste of it . now maybe I can get on with my life ... I will see you around the pasture , old man . he exit . omitted 309 coach locker room # 2 - later 310 Christina reenter the same small room where she fight with tony at halftime . she nod , not surprised . a beat . christina congratulation ! tony thanks . christina how 's cap ? tony he 's okay . he will be leave after the season ... so will I ... christina ( nod ) I be sorry it end up this way , tony , I know you do not believe it but I really be ... see the team out there today -- it be like go back in time ... ( remember ) God , it be beautiful football ! tony it be . it be beautiful . ( continued ) 310 311 235 . continued : 310 christina this use to be a hell of a sport , do not it ? tony it still be . he walk on . Christina watch after he . ext . TEXAS stadium - night 311 tony walk out onto the field where Willie stand alone , a football in hand , watch as the groundskeeper unroll the large tarp and stadium personnel pick through the stand . the star be abundant this night . tony Nice night . they walk together across the field . willie mmm ... can not get over cap . I learn more watch he in the first half than I do in five season ... next week I be gonna win it just for he . tony glad to see success have not go to you head too much , kid ... willie steamin ' beam ...? never . tony do not pat the ball . willie coach ...? tony do not pat the ball before you throw , it 's get to be a habit , and they be see it too easy ... ( as Willie look at the ball he be hold ) this be you moment , Willie . savor it . ( more ) ( continued ) 311 continued : tony gaze 236 . 311 tony ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) but never forget : on any give Sunday , you be either gonna win or you be gonna lose . the point be ... willie ++. can you take it like a man ? ' I get it , coach ! around the stadium , take it all in . tony next year I be out of here . willie +. I figgered ... tony I be not the right guy for this team anymore . JI wanna see my grandkid . I wanna start live again ... I wanna wait on a grocery line . I wanna walk on a sidewalk . I wanna do nothing ... as long as it 's not fishing ... willie ( laugh ) .»+. I do not think there 's anything else you could do , coach . tony «+ . there be this great quarterback in the ' 70 I know . this guy be one tough sonofabitch . fought for every inch he get . do not have you natural skill , this guy , but he make it happen , he win ... so time go by and he do not know it , but he day be over . he could not go deep like he use to and he start miss the easy underneath route ... the game be just pass he by ... anyway , I run into he a few week ago in L.A. and we have a few beer , we start talk and you know what he say ? ( more ) ( continued ) 311 312 237 . continued : ( 2 ) 311 tony ( cont 'd ) he say that when look back at that 200 whatever - they - be Sunday , he do not really miss the pantheon cup or the girl or the money or even the goddamn glory ! what he miss be that other guy look back at he in the huddle . that eleven guy -- they name he could hardly remember -- but it be they face he remember ... every one of ‘em see thing the same way . look downfield . together . ( beat ) that 's what he miss ... I will miss you , amigo . tony pat Willie affectionately on the arm and walk off . Willie 's expression be gentle , appreciative . he drop back three quick , lithe step , and sail a long , perfect spiral down the empty field . willie so ... my arm , y'know , coach , I meet with this specialist and ... he turn to look for tony . but he 's already go . willie ( quietly , to himself ) I be scared ... ext . veranda ( miami villa ) - day 312 Press conference . superimpose : one month later tony ( as if in response to Willie ) .+. hey , we be all scared . if you think any coach this day get himself a secure visa out of casablanca , you need a mandrake x-ray . ( off laughter ) I be a triple - decker stress sandwich right now ... ( continued ) 238 . 312 continued : 312 reporter # 1 why 's that , coach ? the 32 - 13 loss to Minnesota ? tony ( smile ) not even close ... try fishing , johnny . he 's respond off-handedly to a female reporter be question on the stair lead up to the veranda of a italian - style villa housing the pagniacci Foundation . the group mill nervously ; something 's in the air . time CUT to : christina stand before the assemble press corps -- coach d'amato move to she side on cue . Nick crozier sit close by . Margaret pagniacci and the Mayor attend . christina ( read ) thank you all for come today ... I guess you have hear all the rumor about the shark leave for Los Angeles because Mayor small be reportedly unable to get City Council approval for stadium improvement ... ( as small tighten ) -+. but let I make this as clear as I can to you : we -- the shark -- have no intention of leave Miami . we love this town , and we love we shark Stadium -- and we will continue to remodel it , at whatever cost , to make it a home away from home for we fan ! ( look pointedly at the Mayor ) and we have great confidence at the final hour that we Mayor will be there for we ... the Mayor accept the applause , but some in the press mutter among themselves , believe they know the real story . ( continued ) 312 continued : 239 . ( 2 ) 312 christina --- you know , I come to a revelation recently . I realize how much I love this game , and I want to live up to what my father leave I : a legacy , a feel that this be we house -- the pagniacci house ... I be resolve therefore to stick it out here in Miami because the pagniaccis be not quitter and we will never let this town down ! as they applaud , Christina turn to Margaret . United behind the family name , they seem to have discover each other again . christina Nick ...? ( see Nick stand ) Nick crozier -- we new head coach . welcome ! ( as crozier nod in response to the polite applause ) tony d! thank you !... always ! wherever you go , know this : you will always be a ' shark ' in you heart . you will always be remember with great respect and love . ' whatever it take , ' right ?... and tony ...? thanks for make I understand what I would forget -- that football be more than a game . it 's a way of life ! tony d'amato , everybody , give he a hand ! she hug tony as he step to the podium . tony thank you , christy ... I really be sorry I have not be able to deliver to you and the fan another pantheon Cup . San Francisco sure take care of that for I ... ( off good - nature laughter ) it 's be way too long not to win the Big one . but in football , as in life , thing change and fresh blood be need ... ( more ) ( continued ) 312 240 . continued : ( 3 ) 312 tony ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) ++. so I guess it 's time for I to get the hell outta the way . bring in the new . I think Nick crozier be gonna do a great job ... ( nod to crozier ) --- most of all , I wanna thank the people of Miami for they long support over this last 20 - something year ... geez , it fly by like ... like any other Sunday , but it 's mean everything to I and I have have a great ride . too good a ride for any one man . I be gonna miss you all . thank you ... there be significant , heartfelt applause from some , not all . Rose , in spite of himself , be regretful to see he nemesis depart , mutter to a colleague . rose I be gonna miss that arrogant - o.b... ( study crozier ) crozier 's a wimp compare to d'amato . tony acknowledge the applause , about to leave the podium -- but then seem to change he mind . tony .»+. I almost forget ... in think about change , I guess I feel it be time for I to change , too . y'know , like a old vampire , I need a new blood supply ... ( some laughter ) it be Willie beam who teach I how ... to give it another shot . ( as the press be murmure , wonder ) -+. so , start today , I be take over as head coach of that new expansion team in albuquerque , New Mexico , the aztecs . ( as a wave of question roll across the balcony ) why ? ' Cause they be give I full management control . how can I pass that up ? I guess the bigger I get , the more ridiculous ! ( more ) ( continued ) 312 313 continued : now there expression drop , cross . ( 4 ) tony ( cont 'd ) ( off laughter ) '' + . but hope not to make a fool out of myself out there , I have just sign Willie beam as start quarterback and ' franchise player ' for the aztecs ... be pandemonium on the veranda . Christina 's crozier look like he 's go to throw up . tony grin . that 's the way it go . he wave and walk out -- leave Christina and crozier to deal with a bewilder and upset press corps . fade to : ext . playing field # 1 - day 313 tony so , miss P. , I look forward to see you next year across that sideline ... and call it what it always be and still be : a game . let 's keep it that way ... so long , everybody . the same image that open the story : a football field . any football field . grass sway in the wind . the end