a p o C a L y p S E N o W original screenplay by John milius . inspire by Joseph conrad 's " heart of darkness " . this draft by Francis Ford coppola . December 3 , 1975 . 1 primeval swamp - early dawn it be very early in the dawn - blue light filter through the jungle and across a foul swamp . a mist cling to the tree . this could be the jungle of a million year ago . we view move closer , through the mist , tilting down to the tepid water . a small bubble rise to the surface ; then another . suddenly , but quietly , a form begin to emerge ; a helmet . Water and mud pour off revealing a set of beady eye just above the mud . printed on a helmet , in a psychedelic hand , be the word : " gook killer . " the head emerge revealing that the tough -look soldier beneath have exceptionally long hair and beard ; he have no shirt on , only bandolier of ammunition - he body be paint in a odd camouflage pattern . he look to the right ; he look to the leave ; he look into camera , and slowly sink back into the swamp , disapperare completely . we view hold , we begin to hear natural , though unrecognizable jungle sound , far off in the distance . we pan to reveal a clump of log half submerge in the swamp ; and part of what seem to be a falstaff beer can in the mud . a hand reach out , and the beer can disappear . as we tilt up , we notice that the log be hollow and house the rear of a m - 60 machine gun , hand paint in a paisley design . now the view move away , across the ancient growth , past the glimmer of what seem to be another soldier hide in ambush , wear a exotic hat make from bird and bush . across to a dark trail where the leg of that in black pajamas move silently across we ever tightening view . they foot , boot and sandal leave no impression ; make no sound . a slight flicker of light reveal a pair of eye in the foliage across the path , wait and watch . the view push along with the vietnamese , moving faster and faster with they , until suddenly , directly in front about ten foot away , a enormous american clad in rag and bush and hold a 12 gauge automatic shotgun casually at he side , step in front of they . he smile laconically , and blast out five shot that rip through US . by the second shot , the whole jungle blaze out with automatic FIRE . out view turn as the man around we be throw and tear , scream and scatter into the jungle . more AMERICANS appear ; unexplainably , out of the growth . it be now that we fully see the bizarre manner in which they be dress . some wear helmet , other wear strange hat make from feather and part of animal . some of they have long savage - look hair ; other crew - cut or completely shave ; they wear bandolier , flak jacket , short and little else . they wear montagnard sandal or no shoe at all , and they body and face be paint in bizarre camouflage pattern . they appear one with the jungle and mist , firing into US as they move . the soldier we see earlier emerge from the swamp , drip mud , he machine gun blasting FIRE . we begin to move quickly with one vietnamese , breathlessly run for he life ; we move into the jungle with he , only to be impale on a large spear of a smile american paint and wear feather like a indian . our view fall with he to the ground , staring upward , as flame and exploding mud scatter above we . Men scream and die around we . the scream amid the gunfire and explosion be pierce and terrible , as though the jungle itself be frighten . a american wear a jungle hat with a large peace sign on it , wear war paint , bend toward US , reach down toward US with a large knife , prepare to scalp the dead . our view move away , along with the run sandal of a vietnamese soldier , moving faster and faster , only to be stop by still another of the savage - look AMERICANS with primitive ornamentation , wear only a loin-cloth and green beret . he open he flame - thrower directly on US and the NVA soldier and we be incinerate in flame , bright psychedelic orange - red flame . outrageous , loud , electric rock music overwhelm the soundtrack : MAIN title : apocalypse now 2 title sequence the credit title proceed as the flane consume US , grow more intense , brighter , more vivid , purify ; transform into a intense white heat that we can barely look at , like the sun itself . then it explode , breke apart , and shatter once again . it begin to cool , as the title continue . it be as though we be moving through the white center of cool flame , form a spin web , and become more distant . the title continue . we be moving toward planetary nebulae ; moving through the star ; moving closer to the Earth . we can barely hear the music now . we move closer to the earth ; beautiful , cover in cloud , as though see from a satellite . the title continue . we be moving closer to the earth ; through the soft cloud , close enough that we can make out the western hemisphere ; closer to North America ; closer , to America , then California ; Los Angeles , still closer to the odd , finger - like shape of : 3 ext . marina del rey the view finally settle on a partically luxury cabin cruiser harbore at a particular dock late in the day . it be large , pleasure boat : the people be relax in bathing suit and towel and robe . they be drink cocktail , and snap picture . the boat belong to the head of a large american Corporation , and this be he party . this man , charlie , be sit , he shirt off to catch some of the late sun . other have they face smear with white suntan oil that remind we of war paint . Charlie be go on and on : charlie ... it 's crazy -- sugar be up to 200 dollar a ton -- sugar ! lawyer what about oil ? charlie food , oil -- look , let I show you something . this be the economy of the United States in two year -- he take a newspaper , draw a circle . charlie ( continue ) this be West Germany . ( he draw another , bigger circle ) this be Japan . ( another , bigger ) this be Italy . ( a dot ) this be Iran . ( a very big circle ) and this be Saudi Arabia ... in two year ? ( a gigantic circle ) do you understand ? accountant what 's to prevent it ? charlie maybe nothing . but I will tell you , I do not build a two - billion - dollar company in the last twenty year by do nothing . we can protect we interest . ( pause , for a drink ) we be still the most powerful nation in the world . militarily . he lean to he associate , in a half - whisper . charlie ( continue ) you know bodyguard ; he be a captain in viet nam . you talk to he , except he will not talk . this kind of man can kill you with he pinky . a nice quiet fella , though . the view begins to pull away from this group . charlie ( continue ) carry a attache case at all time . you know what 's in it ? ( another sip ) a Ingram Machine pistol . gradually , Charlie 's voice soften as we move away , and a new voice , the voice of someone think , come in over it : charlie willard ( v.o. ) I do not tahe chance , and bullshit . you can kill neither should this country . with the ridge of you if we be strong , we should hand to the throat ; you protect we interest , and can crush a skull with we should have the respect you knee ... but you of the world , even if it can not kill anybody with take another war . you pinky . the view move along the guest of this small party : picture be take , some people be swim . it be the good life . now willard' voice track dominate . willard ( v.o. ) the attache case have be empty for three year , but it make he safe to think there 's a machine pistol in it . I do not like automatic weapon . they jam . I see a friend of mine get rip open because he flicked he m - 16 to automatic , and it jamme . how much money do the contractor make on the m - 16 ? we view be moving through the people on the boat ; some read , flirt , drink . willard ( v.o. ) ( continue ) he like to hear storey about nam . I tell he I can not ; they be not clear . the truth be he would not understand . we can now see a man with he back to US , look the opposite way . a attache case rest near to he . we move closer . willard ( v.o. ) ( continue ) there 's no way I can tell they ... what really happen over there . I would not have believe it if someone would tell I . we be now resting on he back . occasionally , he sip from a beer , but we can not see he face . willard ( v.o. ) ( continue ) there be only one part that matter -- for I , anyway . I do not even know if I remember all of it . I can not remember how it end , exactly -- because when it end I be insane . dissolve to : 4 ext . a STREET in saigon - day a saigon boom street in late 1968 . there be bar and shop for serviceman ; the rickshaw , the motorbike . we view move toward one particular officer ; b.l. willard , in uniform , a Captain of the airborne , follow by four or five vietnamese kid try to shine he shoe and sell he thing . willard ( v.o. ) but I know how it start for I -- I be on R. and R. in saigon ; my first time south of the dmz in three month . I be not sure , but I think this guy be follow I . willard look back . 5 he view a american civilian . 6 mo . view willard duck into a bar . 7 int . the saigon bar - day not much in this place -- a bar , linoleum flooring , a few table and chair , and a juke box . the lounge be fairly crowded . willard take off he cap and walk quietly past the soldier at the bar . some of they , catch sight of he ribbon , stop talk as he move by . a infantry captain enter the bar , busy a couple of drink and approach willard 's table . captain how about a drink ? willard sure , thanks . he sit down at the table with the drink . captain win the war by yourself . willard ( he call for the waiter ) part . captain which part be that ? willard my part . ( to the waiter ) beer , with ice and water . captain that 's good gin . willard I be sure it be , but I have hepatitis . captain Delta ? willard no . captain North ? willard yeah . Way north . captain what unit be you with ? willard none . captain ranger , eh ? willard sort of . the juke BOX start blaring . annoy , willard look over he shoulder . captain be you longe Range recon -- willard no -- I work too far north for lrrp . he reach into he shirt pocket for a cigarette , and the Captain lean over the table to light it for he . willard notice the civilian on the street have glance in the bar , then enter and sit down at a table by the doorway . captain that 's quite a array of ribbon ... willard let 's talk about you . captain I be a fo for the 25th . willard tracks ? captain yeah . willard fat . that 's real fat . captain sometimes . willard at least you always have enough water . how many gallon do each one of that damn thing carry ? captain thirty -- sometimes fifty . willard you know , I can remember once , get back below the dmz -- and the first Americans we run into be a track squadron . I just could not believe how much water they have . we would be chew bamboo shoot for almost a week , and before that , for two week , we would be drink anything -- rain water , river shit , stuff right out of the paddy . and there be this guy stand by they truck spilling water all over . I could have kill they . ( solemnly ) I swear to God I would have , too , if ... captain I do not know we have unit up there in North Vietnam . willard we do . captain how long be you up there ? willard a long time . captain a year ? waiter another beer . willard I go up on mission . listen Captain , buy I all the beer you want , but you better tell that asshole over there you be not go to find out anymore about I . willard glance over he shoulder and indicate the civilian . the civilian be give a sign by the Captain . he rise and come over to the bar . willard ( continue ) what do you want ? civilian ( indicate the Army jeep ) if you be b.l. willard , 4th recon Group , we would like you to come with we . willard whose order ? captain headquarters 11 Corps -- 405th a.s.a battalion -- s-2 -- com - sec -- Intelligence -- nha trang . willard who be you ? civilian the agency . willard look at the civilian a moment , and then walk roght out toward the jeep without say another word . the civilian follow . 8 ext . helicopter - dusk a darkly paint " huey " roar over low paddy and jungle before emerge onto a open plain . it cross a barb wire and sand - bag perimeter and land in a heavily fortify , conceal compound . willard ( v.o. ) they take I to some place outside nha trang ... Intelligence headquarters for all operation in South East Asia . I would work for Intelligence before -- armed man jump from the huey -- among they willard . a large camouflage cover be move , revealing a underground corridor -- they enter . 9 full shot - underground plotting room a door swing wide -- willard step through and come to attention , block the view of the room . a strange reddish light pervade . the room be cover with plastic map and fill with smoke . the whole place have be hewn out of the ground itself and there be a sense of the cut - back jungle growth slowly reclaim it . willard Captain b.l. willard , g-4 headquarters , report as order , sir . colonel ( o.s. ) okay , willard , sit down . willard sit in a chair that be set in a center of a bare concrete floor . across from he , around steel desk and table sit several man . the nearest one , a colonel put he cigar out on the bottom of he shoe -- behind he sit a major and a seedy - look civilian . colonel have you ever see this officer before , Captain willard ? he point to the Major . willard no , sir . colonel this gentleman or myself ? willard no , sir . colonel I believe on you last job you execute a tax collector in kontum , be that right ? willard I be not presently dispose to discuss that , sir . major very good . he turn to the Colonel and nod he approval . the Colonel get up and go to a large plastic map . colonel you know much about about special force ; Green beret , Captain ? willard I have work with they on occasion and I see the movie , sir . the officer smile at this . colonel then you can appreciate Command 's concern over they -- shall we say ' erratic ' method of operation . ( pause ) I have never favore elite unit , Captain , include you paratrooper or whatever . just because a man jump out of a airplane or wear a silly hat do not give he any privilige in my book -- not in this man 's army . major we do not need them in Korea -- no sir , give I a Ohio farm boy and a m-1 garand , none of this fancy crap -- no sir . civilian ( stop he ) Major . colonel we have special force a detachment all along the cambodian border . two here and another one here -- twelve or fourteen Americans -- pretty much on they own ; they train and motivate montagnard native ; pick they own operation . if they need something , they call for it , and get it within reason . what we be concerned with be here . 10 close view - on the map colonel the a detachment at nu mung ba . it be originally a larger base , build up along the river in a old cambodian fortress . the area have be relatively quiet for the past two year -- but -- 11 mo view colonel ... Captain , we know something 's go on up there -- Major -- the Major look at some papers in front of he . major Communications naturally dwindle with the lack of v.c. activity , this be routine , expect ... but six month ago communication virtually stop . colonel about the same time -- large number of montagnard of the m'nong descent begin leave the area -- this in itself be not unusual since this people have fight with the rhade tribe that live in the area for century . but what be unusual be that we begin to find rhade refugee too -- in the same sampan as the m'nong . this people be not afraid of v.c . they have put up with war for twenty year -- but something be drive they out . major we communicate with the base infrequently . what they call for be air strike , immediate -- always at night . and we do not know what or who the air strike be call on . willard who ? major you see , no one have really go into this area and come back alive . willard why I ? major walter kurtz , Lieutenant Colonel , special force . we understand you know he . he put kurtz ' dossier in willard 's hand . willard yeah . colonel he 's commanding the detachment at nu mung ba . the Colonel get up and walk over to a tape recorder , flick it on . the recording be first static -- the AIR controller then ask for more information on target coordinate -- it all sound very routine , military . then a frantic voice come on , talk slur , like someone dumb , except very fast . voice ( on tape ) up 2 -- 0 -- give it to I quick -- Mark flare -- affirmative damn -- immediate receive -- hearing automatic weapon fire man ... gunfire be heard and a lower , slower voice in background . second voice Blue Delta five this Big rhine -- three need that ordinance immediately goddamn give it to I immediate Christ -- Big Rhino -- Blue God -- Delta damn -- goddamn . a heavy burst of automatic weapon FIRE -- insane laughter -- static , and faintly , very faintly we hear hard rock music -- more static -- suddenly a low , clear voice peaceful and serene , almost taste the word . third voice this be Big Rhino six -- Blue Delta . major that 's Colonel kurtz . kurtz ( v.o. ) I want that napalm drop in the tree -- spread it among the branch . we will give you a flare -- a orange one -- bright orange . ( static ) we would also like some white phosporous , Blue Delta . White phosporous , give it to I . static interrupt -- the Major turn the machine off . willard I only meet kurtz once . civilian would he remember you ? willard maybe . colonel what be you impression of he ? willard shrug . civilian you do not like he . willard anyone get a cigarette . the Major offer he one ; they wait as he light up , think . willard ( continue ) I think he be a lame . colonel a lame ? willard this be year ago , before he join special force , I guess . we have a argument . colonel about what ? willard I do not know . he be a lame , that 's all . colonel but why ? willard he could not get through a sentence without all this big word ; about why we kill . colonel well , he 's kill now . willard maybe . civilian what do that mean ? willard maybe it 's not kurtz . I do not believe he 's capable of that . I just do not believe it . colonel it 's get to be kurtz . civilian the point be that kurtz or somebody attack a South vietnamese Ranger platoon three day ago . last week a recon helicopter be lose in the area -- another take heavy damage -- direct fire from they base camp . willard we recon flight ? civilian our . willard touchy . civilian you can see , of course , the implication , if any of this -- even rumour leak out . willard you want I to clean it up -- simple and quiet . civilian exactly -- you will go up the nung River in a navy p.b.r. -- appear at nu mung ba as if by accident , re-establish you acquintance with Colonel kurtz , find out what 's happen -- and why . then terminate he command . willard terminate ? civilian terminate with extreme prejudice . 12 full view - on the delta a waterway lead out to the ocean -- it be break and divide into hundred of channel , island , water farm . a navy patrol boat ( p.b.r. ) be wait by a dock area . this be small , light craft , very fast , and heavily armed . its man stand at attention in a small and simple military ceremony . willard approach they in battle - dress : Tiger suit , full field pack , forty - five , helmet , m - 16 . the boat commander salute willard . 13 mo . view we hear the introduction faintly , under willard 's voice . willard ( v.o. ) I meet the p.b.r. crew ; they be pretty much all kid , except for Phillips , the Chief -- gunner 's mate third class L. Johnson -- lance Johnson ; gunner 's mate third class J. hick -- the chef -- Radio Operator second class T. Miller ; they call he Mr. clean . willard Chief , try to keep out of where we be go -- why we be goin ' and what 's gonna be the big surprise . chief all right with I , I use to drive a taxi . willard let 's go . the Chief nod . they all break formation and jump aboard and otherwise go about they work . the twin diesel kick up -- and t he boat move away from the dock . the chef jump aboard ; lance man the forward twin fifty - caliber machine gun -- they wave to the guard on the dock and move away into the complexity that lead to the ocean . dissolve to : 14 full view - stormy sea the boat slam through the heavy sea ; hurtle off the top of a wave and crash full into the trough of another . 15 mo . shot - boat cockpit - willard and chief willard hold on to whatever he can -- he look very pale . Water crash over the bow and drench everyone . the Chief man the wheel and the engine whine . lance climb back from he position . he look at willard , who just stare ahead into space , swallow . dissolve to : 16 long shot - boat dusk the dusk be spectacular through the break storm cloud -- the sea be calm again . dissolve to : 17 view on the boat - proceeding up the coast the Chief be at the helm -- willard approach he . chief the Delta close off to we about ten mile out of Hau fat . we will be able to pick up some supplies -- bit I think there be only two point we can draw enough water to get into the nung River . it 's all Charlie 's turf from there on out . willard we be gonna have some help to get in the river . you know this water , Chief ? chief ' Bout six month ago I take a man up to lo mung Bridge . he be regular Army too . shot himself in the head . I bring he body back down . willard shot himself . what for ? chief beat I -- the sun be too much for he , or the mud . who know ? pause , look at willard . 18 close shot - on willard suddenly , he attention be divert -- there be a slow buffete , as if the air around they be be suck out and replace quickly . the boat shake slightly . there be a distant rolling noise like interrupt thunder . all the man have stop whatever they be do -- stand up and look out toward the shore and the green jungle hill beyond . the buffete and noise continue -- they all stand silently -- suddenly it stop . willard arch light . chef I hate that -- every time I hear that noise something terrible happen . chief anybody see some smoke ? clean too far inland . lance there they be . he point up to the sky . 19 full shot - on the sky Way up -- past any cloud and barely discernible , we see the black silhouttes of four B - 52 bomber , they vapor trail stream white against the dark blue sky . clean Charlie do not ever hear them . not till it 's too late -- do not have to hit you neither , concussion will do it for a quarter mile or better . burst you ear -- suck the air outta you lung . 20 full shot - boat - crew they be look up . willard sit down , unconcern . he take out the dossier give he by comsec . he flip through the letter and other document . willard ( v.o. ) the dossier on a detachment have letter from kurtz ' wife and the wife and family of he man . all ask where to send future mail , understanding the necessery silence due to the nature of they work -- none of the man have write home in half a year . occasionally , in the b.g. , we feel the terrifying buffete of the distant b-52 bombing . 21 close - on willard study , examine a report . 22 montage - picture of kurtz kurtz ' face evolve through the various stage of he career as represent in the picture in the dossier , as willard read : willard ( v.o. ) Lieutenant kurtz have show a dedicated and well - discipline spirit . he be a fine officer , combine military efficiency -- with a broad background in the humanity , the Arts and Sciences ... another picture of kurtz in Germany , stand next to the 161st Petroleum supply Group sign . willard ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... he view he military career as the dedication of he talent to bring we value and way of life to that darker , less fortunate area in the world . a shot of kurtz at jump school . willard ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... I feel Captain kurtz ' request for special force training be highly unusual in regard to he past humanitarian concern , and he somewhat liberal politics , though I can see no reason to deny it . a close shot of kurtz with Green beret on in the Vietnam jungle . his face be blank and vacant . willard ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... we feel Major kurtz ' need to bring a sense of western culture to the backward people of this area will be of use in accordance with we ' vietnamization ' program ... move in to kurtz ' empty eye until the photograph be just a blurred Mass of dot . dissolve to : 23 ext . hau fat - a advance staging area willard ( v.o. ) one day later we come to a advanced staging area along the coast . this be we last chance to pick up supplies before approach the mouth of the nung River . the view of the coastline lead up along the long load - ing dock at Hau fat , a advance staging area for opera - tion " brute Force " and " mail fist . " everywhere be tent -- oil drum -- sandbagge bunker -- helicopter -- tank -- gun -- man . nobody build advanced staging area like the Americans . as the p.b.r. approach the docking area , lance notice something . lance hey . they look as a Chris -craft speed by pull a fancy water - skier who wave as he slalom by . the man just look at one another . 24 view on the dock the p.b.r. pull in -- the man scan the busy surroundings . chief lance -- I want you to go with the Captain a ' get three extra drum of fuel and maybe scrounge some more 50 caliber . lance yeah -- look at that uniform . 25 full shot - parade ground - troops a platoon drill in the hot , lazy sun ; they be clean and pale , in contrast to lance and the other , just off the airplane . chief poor bastard , have a long year to go . the troops turn and march toward US with six week of Advanced infantry train to back they up . 26 full shot - dock - p.b.r . - crew they be tie up at the dock -- a young sergeant be fill - ing cut papers concern they and talk with willard . sergeant I do not know anything about this papers , sir . willard they're in order -- it 's perfectly clean -- just check with comsec - Intel like I say . sergeant well , you know I do not have the priority to do that , sir . it say here not to contact com - sec- int . who 's you commanding officer ? willard right now -- I be . sergeant well who the hell verify that ? willard I do . he sign it quickly , leave the sergeant totally confuse . chief no shit -- what 's all the activity for around here ? sergeant the show -- willard what show ? sergeant Big show in the parade grounds this noon -- some boss stuff -- willard this -- Bob hope or the like -- sergeant no sir , I think -- this will be a little bit different -- chief where 's it gonna be ? he point -- 27 full shot - parade ground - pedestal a large , well - build pedestal have be erect -- this be surround by a deep moat fill with punji stake and garnish with concertina wire . it be empty -- dissolve to : 28 full shot - parade ground - troops the entire area around the pedestal and right up to the wire be mobbed with seethe american fight man . some of this boy have just get here -- other have be in the jungle for month . all have one thing in common , to see and if possible grab a american girl . they need far surpass that of the run-of- the-mill rapist , pervert , or child - molester . to counter they need of course be the moat , punji stake and barb wire -- but implement this be seven " riot control position " equip with the lastest in teargas launcher , attack - train german shep - herd and assort psychological warfare aide . even so armed , the great mass of wild man be right up to the wire . 29 forward area jamme in the crowd chef it 's really too much -- I mean I have collect every picture of she since she be miss December . clean yeah -- you can really get hang up on they like the cat in the Delta . chief what cat ? clean one that go up for murder -- he be a Army sergeant . chief I never hear about that . clean yeah -- he really dig he playboy mag , man -- I mean like he be there when it arrive -- he just know . chef so what happen ? clean he be work a.r.v.n. patrol and have one a they little cocky gook asshole lieutenant -- anyhow , the Lieutenant take he new playboy one day , sit on the end of the dock , and would not give it back . chef yeah -- typical a.r.v.n. clean then go too far -- he sit there and start mutilate the centerfold . poke pin in she a ' all that . sergeant say , do not do she like that . you leave you shitty little hand off that girl . gook Lieutenant say fuck you in vietnamese -- sergeant say , do not do that again . you will wish you have not . then he stand up , flicked he iron to rock and roll and give the little zero a long burst through the playboy mag . man , it blow he clean off the dock -- Hell , just the magazine be floatin ' there all full of hole . chief they nail he for it bad ? clean he 's in the l.b.j. -- do not give he no medal or nothing -- in the b.g. , we begin to hear a swell of two thousand male voice ; the engine of four helicopter approach . all head turn skyward while one descend onto the pedestal kick up a lot of dust and general resentment . on the nose amd door of the black huey be paint large playboy rabbit . finally the blade be trim and a strange silence descend over the man . the door of the copter slide partially open -- two young Green beret step out with m - 16' to varied catcall . when this abate a young , extremelly well - dress man emerge . he be the epitome of a Hollywood agent . Hair be comb impeccably and free of dandruff -- clothes be formal but hip -- shoe be shine -- quite some dude -- he presence cause some stir but seem to strangely quiet the man . he walk over to the microphone . agent I would like to say hello from all of we up here , to all of you out there . all of you who have work so hard during operation brute Force -- paratrooper -- infantry -- airmen -- medics -- Marines -- and sailor . and I want you to know that we feel proud of you and know how hard you job be . to prove it -- we have bring some entertainment we think you be gonna like : the playmate of the Year and she two runner up ! he pull open the door and three unbelieveably beautiful sex playmate in fringe go - go outfit leap out and start dance to the creedence Clearwater revival sing " suzy q . " 30 montage on the girl and men various shot as the girl dance in a incredibly erotic manner -- smile . the face of the g.i. 's pass -- they jaw drop -- some look almost horrify . chef be hypnotize -- Mr. clean cry . Chief mouth unspoken obscenity with sentimental tenderness . other grab the air in front of they . with each movement they need increase by the square . 31 full shot - pedestal - girl - men they crush forward start to scream -- man fall on the wire -- the guard in the " riot control position " forget -- the attack dog be trample . the mob as one surge forward onto the wire . Men scream and fall into the moat , which be fill up fast . the agent see this all as he have see it before . he casually pull the pin of a smoke grenade ; the girl retreat into the copter -- he follow , then the two Green beret . the rotar whine -- the black playboy huey lift off just as the first craze man reach it . they grab frantically for the wheel , but miss . the huey wheel up into the blue sky , leave they all below . such be the way of war . CUT to : 32 ext . full view - day the p.b.r. move further up the primitive coastline . there be few sign of civilization ; no village , no boat -- just the overwhelming presence of the jungle . willard ( v.o. ) two day out of Hau fat , there be nothing but we and the coastline . I feel like I have set off for the center of the earth ... suddenly , Chief look out , ahead . chief smoke ! willard where ? they all turn . Chief point up the coast . 33 full shot - the coastline a thick train of black smoke rise from the green jungle . willard Black smoke ... secondary burn . the Chief grab field glass . chief yeah -- fishing village -- helicopter over there . huey , lot of them . willard first Air cavalry . they be the one gonna get we into the River . 34 full shot - the beach and village a vast field of devastation -- smashed and smoking palm tree -- deep , rag crater -- gut and burn hut -- shattered sampan and body wash around in the surf . 35 mo . shot - beach - willard and crew they wade through the water to the beach where they be meet by a heavily armed group of man . overhead jet swoop by firing rocket , the noise drown out willard 's attempt at conversation with some of the man . we can not hear any of the talk , but we notice that the sergeant turn up to a particular huey , and point to it . 36 full shot - helicopter Three huey swoop in low -- they be heavily laden with machine gun -- rocket and loudspeaker . the two out - side copter hover , while the center copter land , raise a lot of dust . it cut its rotor and the other copter pull up and off to the side . two armed soldier jump from the door and stand with gun ready . then a tall , strong look man emerge . he wear a well - cut and neatly - stretch tiger suit . it be colonel william kilgore -- tough look , well - tan , with a black mustache . he crouch over , hold he hat in the rotor wash . it be no ordinary hat but a L.A. dodger baseball hat . he walk out , and then stard to he full immense height and with he hand on he hip he survey the field of battle . his eye be obscure by mirror- fronted sunglass . kilgore ( bellow ) Lieutenant : bomb that tree line back about a hundred yard -- give I some room to breathe . a Lieutenant and radio man nod and rush off . 37 close view on willard he be not quite prepare for this . 38 view on kilgore turn to he guard kilgore bring I some card . guard Sir ? kilgore body card , you damn fool -- card ! the soldier rush over and hand he two brand new package of play card wrap in plastic . two other soldier get out of the copter and walk over . they be well - tan and carry no weapon . they seem more casual about the Colonel than anyone else . the sergeant walk up , lead willard , the Chief and lance . willard ( formally ) Captain b- L. willard , sir -- 4th recon Group -- I carry priority papers from com - sec Intelligence 11 Corp -- I believe you understand the nature of my mission . kilgore ( not look up ) yeah -- na trang tell I to expect you -- we will see what we can do . just stay out of my way till this be do , Captain . he crack the plastic wrapping sharply -- take out the deck of new card and fan they . the Colonel stride right past willard with no further acknowledgement . the other follow , 39 tracking view the Colonel walk through the shell - pock field of devastation . Soldiers gather around smile ; as kilgore come to each v.c. corpse he drop a play card on it -- carefully pick out which card he use . kilgore ( to himself ) six a spade -- eight a heart -- be not one worth a Jack in this whole place . the Colonel go on about this business . 40 tracking on kilgore move through the corpse , drop the card . on of the two tan soldier rush up and whisper something to he . he stop . kilgore what ? here . you sure ? the soldier point to lance , who immediately put down the card he be hold . kilgore stride over to the young man , who almost instinctively move closer t willard . kilgore ( continue ) what 's you name , sailor ? lance gunner 's mate , third class -- L. Johnson , sir . kilgore lance Johnson ? the surfer ? lance that 's right , sir . kilgore smile -- stick out he hand . kilgore it 's a honor to meet you lance . I have admire you nose-ride for year -- I like you cutback , too . I think you have the best cutback there be . lance thank you , sir . kilgore you can cut out the sir , lance -- I be Bill kilgore -- I be a goofy foot . 41 view on willard his entire , top priority mission have be put in the background . kilgore ( o.s. ) this be Mike from San Diego and johnny from malibu -- they be good solid surfer -- none of we be anywhere near you class , though . lance blushes , sort of mumble thanks . willard my order be from com - sec Intel -- b.l. willard , 4th recon -- kilgore just hold up a second , Captain -- I will get to you soon enough -- we have get thing to do here . willard eat it , for now . kilgore put he hand on lance 's shoulder , and continue flipping the card in - discriminately on the body as they talk . kilgore ( continue ) ... we do a lot of surfing around here . like to finish up operation early and fly down to vung tau for the evening glass . have you ever surf the point at vung tau ? I like the beach break around na trang a lot -- good left . he pass a twisted gun emplacement with about five body -- sprinkle card all over they . kilgore ( continue ) ... we keep three board in my Command huey at all time . you never can tell when you be gonna run into something good . I get a guy in cam rau Bay that can predict a swell two day in advance . we try to work it in . he stop at a particularly wild - look viet cong who have die with he mouth agape -- stare wild - eye in horror at the sky . kilgore pause . kilgore ( continue ; to himself ) Hell , that 's a Ace if I ever see one . he put the card in the gape mouth . 42 close view over the viet cong we see the Colonel and the other walk off -- the dead viet cong and card be in the immediate f.g . the card have the shield of the cav print bautifully , and above it the motto : death from above . kilgore where have you be riding , lance ? lance I have not surf since I get here . kilgore that 's terrible -- we will change that -- I would like to see you work -- I have always like you cutback ; get a hell of a leave turn , too . dissolve to : 43 ext . the helicopter - mo . shot willard be sit with kilgore on acouple of chair by a table set up in front of the command copter . everywhere we see armed man , sandbag , barb wire , oil drum etc . huey be constantly roaring over . artillery boom in the far distance . kilgore look at the map . kilgore why the hell you wanna go up to nu mung ba for ? willard I get bored in saigon . kilgore what 's the furthest you be in ? willard haiphong . kilgore haiphong ? shit , you jump in ? willard no. walk . kilgore what would you do for supplies ? willard ( he shrug ) mercenary -- agent , traitor -- they put out cache . kilgore can you trust they ? willard no . they put out two or three for every one I need . when you get to the one you will use , you just stake it out . if something feel wrong , you just pass it up . on one mission , I have to pass up three and end up live on rat and chocolate bar . kilgore nu mung ba . last I hear , walter kurtz command a Green beret detachment at nu mung ba . willard when do you hear ? kilgore ' Bout a year ago ? be kurtz still alive ? willard who know . kilgore seem to I he get himself fragge . i hear some grunt roll a grenade in he tent . maybe a rumor . helluva man -- remarkable officer . walter kurtz woulda be a General some day . General of the Army . shit , head of the Joint Chiefs of staff . do you know kurtz ? willard I meet he . kilgore do not you agree ? willard he musta change ! ( point to the map ) I get to get into the nung River , here or here . kilgore that village you be point at be kinda hairy . willard hairy ? kilgore I mean it 's hairy -- they get some pretty heavy ordnance , boy -- I have lose a few recon ship in there now and again . willard so ? I hear you have a good bunch of killer here . kilgore and I do not intend to get some of they chew up just to get you tub put in the mouth of the goddman nung River . you say you do not know kurtz ? willard I meet he . kilgore you talk like he . I do not mind take casualty , Captain , but I like to keep my ratio ten to one in this unit -- ten cong to one . willard you will find enough cong up there . kilgore what about this point here ? he put he finger on the map . kilgore ( continue ) what 's the name of that goddamn village -- vin drin dop or lop ; damn gook name all sound the same . he motion to one of he surfer . kilgore ( continue ) Mike , you know anything about the point at vin drip Drop ? mike boss leave . kilgore what do you mean ? mike it 's really long leave slide , break on the short side of the point -- catch a south swell . lance Nice . willard look at lance -- then at kilgore . kilgore why the hell do not you tell I about that place -- a good leave . ( to willard ) there be not any good leave slide in this whole , shitty country . it 's all goddamn beach break . mike it 's hairy , though . that 's where we lose mcdonnel -- they shot the hell out of we . it 's Charlie 's point . kilgore how big it be ? mike six to eight foot . kilgore gaze out across the park helicopter . kilgore ( to himself ) a six - foot leave . willard nudge lance -- who get the idea . lance boss . what 's the wind like . mike Light off shore -- really hollow . willard we could go in tomorrow at dawn -- there 's always off - shore wind in the morning . chief the draft of that river might be too shallow on the point . kilgore Hell , we will pick you boat up and lay it down like a baby , right where you want it . this be the cav boy -- airmobile . I can take that point and hold it as long as I like -- and you can get anywhere you want up that river that suit you , Captain . Hell , a six foot leave . ( he turn to a advisor ) you take a gunship back to division -- Mike , take lance with you -- let he pick out a board , and bring I my yater spoon -- the eight six . tom I do not know , sir -- it 's -- it 's -- kilgore ( hard ) what be it ? tom well , I mean it 's hairy in there -- it 's Charlie 's point . kilgore turn and look to willard , exasperate . willard Charlie do not surf . 44 full shot - helicopter - dawn what seem like hundred of huey stand , they rotor churn a great wind -- Inside , the man of the 1st cavalry airmobile -- toughest unit in Vietnam . kilgore 's helicopter be be load with ammunition and have surfboard strapped underneath . 45 mo . view kilgore stride up to the side door , dress for battle . he look out , around . he turn to he door gunner . kilgore how do you feel , boy ? gunner like a mean motherfucker , sir . he turn to he r.t. man . kilgore let 's go . 46 full view helicopter rotor build up speed -- gas turbine belching fire from they jet pipe -- dust fly as fifty helicopter rise ; roar over camera and deploy into attack formation . 47 new view helicopter move through the frame : almost a dance of dragonfly . 48 int . command copter - mo . shot - kilgore , willard , other willard look ahead -- kilgore sit near the door . below they see the jungle whisk by and they be suddenly over the ocean , low and fast . 49 montage close shot of rocket pod -- mini-gun in bizarre look mount . close shot of the three surfboard strapped below the command helicopter , next to the fearsome weaponry . and finally , close shot of the man -- nervous , excited very few of they really scared -- they fondle they rifle , grenade launcher , anti-personnel grenade , claymore mine ; plastic explosive cord ; flame - thrower ; m - 60 machine gun ; expandable rocket launcher ; mortar and bayonet . 50 int . command copter kilgore crane he neck and almost lean out to watch the wave -- then he sit back relaxed . kilgore ( to willard ) we will come in low out of the rise sun -- we will put on the music about a mile out . willard Music ? kilgore yeah . classical stuff -- scare the hell out of the slope -- the boy love it . 51 mo . shot Pov behind the pilot and CO - pilot -- the ocean rush below . pilot Big Duke six to Eagle thrust -- turn on coordinate 1 - 0 -- niner , assume attack formation . the helicopter bank into a tight turn and bear toward the coast . radio ( v.o. ) Eagle thrust formation target 2800 yard -- begin psch - war operation . 52 close shot - loudspeaker the ocean rush below as suddenly the loudspeaker blare out wagner 's " ride of the valkyry . " 53 full shot - helicopter from the water we see the massive grouping of huey -- gun - ship -- troop carrier -- medevac and recon -- roar over low in battle formation blaring out " ride of the valkyry . " 54 int . helicopter - mo . shot - crew Pov behind pilot -- pilot 700 -- 600 yard -- 500 -- commence fire . the whole copter shake . 55 ext . viet cong fishing village - full shot a vietnamese coastal fishing village build along the beach and palm tree -- with rice paddy behind . this village command a delta where ocean and river merge . sampan be pull into a cover where they be be unload . we see bunker with n.v.a. regular amble about . suddenly we hear the distant music -- everyone stop ; they stare out to see . Men scream order -- woman run from hut bear ammunition and rifle -- everywhere there be activity to prepare for the defense of the village . camouflage be remove from anti-aircraft emplacement . people feverishly unlimber weapon of all type and run to tunnel and trenches . the music grow louder with the faint SOUND of rotors 56 ext . the helicopter formation - aerial view come directly at we ; wagner blaring . 57 high angle look down through the helicopter as they approach the village . 58 int . helicopter - mo . shot - crew Pov behind pilot pilot 700 yard -- 600 -- 500 -- commence fire . the whole copter shake . 59 ext . helicopter - montage we see rocket roar from pod -- machine gun rattle -- grenade launcher pound away -- and mini - gun pour stream of lead and tracers with the SOUND of a diesel horn . 60 full shot - helicopter Pov behind lead gunship . they roar in over the beach stream FIRE from door , pod and nose -- the ground be alive with smoke and fire -- a hut explode . the lead ship bank sharply up over the tree -- man run below shoot back . 61 mo . shot - anti - aircraft emplacement explosion crash around -- the music and SOUND of the copter almost drow they out . the gunner fire frantically -- copter be roaring over -- gunfire rip around . the gunner be blow away . 62 mo . close on willard as the ship he be in swoops down , its machine gun firing into the village . 63 mo . shot - swooping copter the Pilot lean out and shoot a charge v.c. in the head with he .38 , then duck back in . CO - pilot we be down , Eagle thrust -- we be hit . we get a hot l.z. here . bullet rip through the plexiglass . the Pilot fire back . CO - pilot ( continue ) Hell of a hot l.z. need immediate air strike on the tree line , Eagle thrust . 64 int . command copter - mo . shot - willard , kilgore , other kilgore have r.t. equipment -- he lean out near the door gunner . kilgore Big Duke six to Hell 's angel four -- bring it in on along tree line and hut . radio ( v.o. ) Hell 's angel four to Big Duke six -- we will need green smoke -- suggest you have the fac mark it . kilgore have not get time , Hell 's angel -- lay it right up the tree line . 65 full shot - jet squadron four f-4h phantom peel off and streak toward the coast . 66 int . command copter - view on willard and kilgore kilgore Fucking savage . willard who ? kilgore the enemy . who else ? 67 helicopter be Pov - the jets the jet streak by below lay in huge gob of orange napalm along the tree . kilgore ( o.s. ) ( on radio ) very good , Hell 's angel -- suggest you follow with cannon fire . 68 int . command copter - mo . shot they circle the battle . radio ( v.o. ) this be Baker Delta four -- Captain hit bad -- need dust -off . receiving heavy automatic weapon fire from hut about thirty yard to we leave . kilgore Big Duke six to Baker Delta four -- hold -- we be right over you . he turn to door gunner . kilgore ( continue ) right along the door , boy . the gunner fire lean out -- kilgore ( continue ) Fine ... fine ... little higher . through the roof ; yeah , that 's good . he lean back in . kilgore ( continue ) do not anybody bring I any bomb , grenade , claymore or anything ? lieutenant you do not tell I to , sir . kilgore ( grumble ) you shoulda know . suddenly , bullet smash through the copter -- plexiglass shatter ; the copter vibrate and turn sharply . kilgore be throw down where he hang on . kilgore ( continue ) sonuvabitch -- anybody hurt ? willard Automatic weapon flash along that tree -- probably eleven millimeter gun and AK - 47' . kilgore the tree , eh ... he grab the r.t. kilgore ( continue ) Eagle thrust four -- Big Duke six . join I in sparaying some tree . radio ( v.o. ) affirmative , Big Duke six -- we be even get some rocket leave . kilgore take she in low , Lieutenant . 69 full shot - the tree , helicopter the two helicopter swoop up out of the smoke and blast the tree with rocket , machine gun and grenade launchers . other copter join -- the v.c. break and run through the rice paddy in the f.g. -- bullet exploding around they -- they scream and fall firing back . 70 int . command copter - mo . shot - kilgore , willard kilgore look out as three v.c. break and run through the rice paddy -- the helicopter turn and follow they -- the door gunner swing out and blast two of they into the mud . he take a bead on the third . kilgore hold it , boy . he put he arm across the sight -- the gunner swing back inside . kilgore ( continue ) take she up to 300 foot , Lieutenant . they rise above the paddy -- the man below run for all he 's worth . kilgore motion to the door gunner who step aside . kilgore buckle himself into the gunner 's harness . kilgore ( continue ) rifle . a hand pass he a m - 16 . kilgore ( continue ; hard ) my rifle , soldier . there be some fumble and then a hand pass he a 300 weatherby Magnum with a zebra wood stock -- mother of pearl inlay and a variable power scope . kilgore take it and open the bolt . 71 view on willard amaze at this proceedings . 72 view on kilgore as he load the rifle with huge cartridge . he get into the sling and slam the bolt shut . 73 moving Pov . on the v.c. he be run hard , but start to sink into the mud . the huey drone overhead , its huge shadow behind he on the mud . he turn and fire with a pistol . 74 int . copter - mo . shot - kilgore , willard kilgore lean out ; pull the gun in tight -- take careful aim and the cong be blasted flat into the paddy . kilgore lean back , open the bolt , eject the spend cartridge out the door . he hand weatherby back into the copter . 75 view on willard the gaudy rifle pass by he . soldier ( o.s. ) that 's 27 , sir . willard anyone get a card ? somebody hand willard the deck . he take a card and flip it out of the copter , never lift he gaze from kilgore . dissolve to : 76 full shot - battlefield - the cav , v.c. Americans run through the hooch firing and throw grenade . helicopter swoop overhead -- jets roar by -- uniform n.v.a. regular burst from a tunnel en- trance and charge the Americans . the shoot be at point blank range -- automatic , as the v.c. be cut down . 77 int . command copter - kilgore , willard , lance , etc . kilgore lean out carefully , look over the battle - field . he have the r.t . he lean back , deliberately avoid willard to speak to lance . kilgore the l.z. 's cool off fast -- we will move in another company a ' then we will own it . ( he laugh to himself ) Charlie 's point . he look out toward the ocean . kilgore ( continue ) good swell . lance what , sir ? kilgore I say it 's a good swell -- hell of a good swell ' bout six foot . let 's get a look at it . lance look at willard and then agree . 78 full shot - copter , surf the pilot be use to this -- they bank sharply and swoop in on the lineup of wave , come in low over the point and streaking down a long , line - up green wall as if surfing it . they tip up over and up at the last minute as the wave break . dissolve to : 79 full shot - beach hut , soldier Americans line up blindfolded viet cong and n.v.a. regular troops outside a burn hut . gunfire be distant and sporadic -- a occasional mortar round scream in . a soldier yell in vietnamese in a southern accent and the prisoner be march away . other soldier be already set up heavy weapon emplacement -- 50 cal machine gun etc . Three huey roar in , fan the smoke with they wind . the center one , the command ship , land . jets scream over and the two gunship pull up at 200 foot . another huey zoom in low and land behind the Colonel 's . the door open , guard jump out , check the situation , and out step kilgore and lance . from the other copter be more guard , kilgore 's surfer and other of the p.b.r. crew . willard follow . 80 full shot - the point they stride out across the debris-strewn beach . kilgore stand majestically on the point watch the wave . a shell scream overhead . soldier incoming ! they all dive , except kilgore . he be watch a big set -- the shell explode in the water about a hundred yard away , send up a huge geyser of spray . kilgore be unmove . kilgore look at that . they look . lance this l.z. be still pretty hot , sir , maybe we oughta stand somewhere else . kilgore pay he no mention . willard I be wait for the fuck boat , Colonel . kilgore ( without look ) it will get here , soldier . he turn to Mike and johnny who have they face in the sand . kilgore ( continue ) Change . mike wh -- what ? kilgore Change -- get out there -- I want 'a see if it 's ridable -- change . mike it 's still pretty hairy , sir . kilgore ( bellow ) you want 'a surf , soldier ? he nod yes meakly . kilgore ( continue ) that 's good , boy , because it 's either surf or fight . they turn and hurry off -- kilgore grab a m - 1 from one of the guard . they all think he 's go to shoot the surfer or someone . they move back uneasy . kilgore ( continue ) I be gonna cover for them -- that 's all . he cock thye weapon . lance look around uneasily . the Colonel walk over . kilgore ( continue ) you think that section on the point be ridable , lance ? lance I think we ought to wait for the tide to come in . a shell scream over -- they all hit the dirt except for kilgore . it explode throw sand through the air . kilgore lean down yell over the noise . kilgore do not happen for six hour . lance look up at he terrify , hold onto he helmet . kilgore ( continue ) the tide -- do not come in for six hour . dissolve to : 81 full shot - surf - mike and johnny they walk through shallow carry brightly color board . they look very scared . jets scream overhead , firing cannon . helicopter wheel by carry out wounded . they wear olive drab surfing trunk with the cav 's shield on the leave leg . the same shield be emblazon on the board along the word " airmobile " . they edge into the water and paddle through the mild shorebreak . 82 full shot - the point - surfer they paddle up the point in the calm channel -- the beautiful wave break beyond they . 83 close shot on johnny , mike they paddle on they stomach , keep low -- breathe hard and constantly look around scared out of they mind . 84 mo . shot - kilgore and lance kilgore look at they with he field glass . lance kind of sit below take cover in a shell hole . kilgore they far enough ? lance sure -- fine -- kilgore turn and take a giant electric megaphone from a wait lackey . kilgore ( through megaphone ) that 's far enough -- pick one up and come on in -- 85 full shot - the point , surfer they line themselves up on the point . a good set be building . Mike turn stroke into it -- take off -- drop to the bottom and turn -- trim up into a tight section -- everything right except he keep look around frantically . 86 close shot on lance and kilgore another shell scream over and explode down the beach . lance look over at willard . lance ( to himself ) maybe he will get tube . willard what ? lance maybe he will get inside the tube -- where -- where they can not see he . a series of shell roar in . willard incoming ! lance duck -- put he hand over he head . the shell scream over kilgore and out towards the point . kilgore look through he glass -- two explosion in the water be heard . kilgore Son of a bitch . lance look up and out toward the point in horror . 87 full shot - the point two surfboard float in the channel bob up and down on the wave . 88 mo . shot - lance and kilgore lance ( to himself ) the tragedy of this war be a dead surfer . willard look over , beginning to think lance be crazy , too . willard what 's that ? lance just something I read in the free Press . kilgore they just miss a good set -- the chicken shit ! lance look up . 89 full shot - the point , surfer they come up near they board and climb on -- smoke hang over the water . kilgore ( o.s. ) ( megaphone ) try it again , you little bastard . 90 back to scene he turn to willard . kilgore ( continue ) I m not afraid to surf this place . I will surf this place . 91 close shot on kilgore he turn , glower to he lackey . kilgore bring that r.t. , soldier . he grab it . kilgore ( continue ) Big Duke six to Hell 's angel -- goddamit , I want that treeline bomb -- yeah -- napalm -- gimme some napalm -- son of a bitch -- yeah , I will take h.z. or c.b.u. 's if you get any of they -- just bomb them into the Stone Age , boy . he throw the r.t. back to a soldier -- another salvo whistle over -- everyone drop . kilgore ( continue ; to himself ) Son of a bitch . as the shell explode on the beach behind he , kilgore raise he m - 16 and empties it full automatic in the general direction of the tree . he mumble a few un - intelligible swear word and jam a new clip into he rifle turn to lance -- kilgore ( continue ) we will have this place clean up and ready for we in a jiffy , boy . do not you worry . he fire another clip as the jets scream overhead . 92 full shot - river - copter a sky -crane without pod descend slowly toward we -- the p.b.r. hang below it . the Chief , mr. clean and chef stand watch this sight alomg with other soldier . a man guide the descend copter till the boat settles carefully in the shallow . the Chief and other leap aboard ; unshackle the hoist -- load on ammunition and fuel . the battle be still go on around they . they all look up as a wadge of phantom streak over low and peel off one by one to begin they bombing run . 93 full shot - phantom - montage phantom rake the tree with 20 mm cannon -- FIRE five inch rocket in salvo -- " bull pup " missile -- drop h.e. ( high explosive ) and c.b.u 's ( cluster bomb unit ) and finally a immense amount of napalm . 94 full shot on the p.b.r. the Chief be at the helm -- the engine start ; clean and chef work feverishly , ducking for cover every - so - often when a explosion hit nearby . the boat begin to back out of the shallow . the explosion of napalm be reflect on they face ; the roar of the FIRE drown out almost everything . chief forget that extra drum -- it 's too damn hot . clean clear on starboard -- where 's lance an' the Captain ? chief I see that Colonel 's huey on the point -- two helicopter scream over firing rocket . chief ( continue ) let 's just get outta here . 95 full shot - the point - kilgore , willard , lance , other kilgore watch the wave with he field glass -- smoke drift over . lance crouch below . willard be up look off in another direction . shell scream over , but even they noise be drown out by the fierce shriek of the phantom and the deafen blast of high explosive . willard stare at the tree line where it come down to the river . the jets be make a hell of the tree line ; a hell of fire and bust - ling steam thet nothing could live in . willard 's glance go further downriver through the black smoke and there merge in the river -- small and vulnerable , be he boat . willard ( to lance ) look . there it be ; the boat . lance look over -- a tremendous relief on he face . but still there remain the threat of kilgore , stand stark against the sky . willard silently motion lance toward the boat . lance ( whisper ) he will kill we . willard he can not kill we . ( realize as he say it ) we be on he side . kilgore fire another clip at the tree line , and then stride back without look at they . kilgore ( almost to himself ) you smell that . ( louder ) you smell that ? lance what ? kilgore napalm , boy -- nothing else in the world smell like that -- they reflect the glow from the burn tree . kilgore ( continue ; nostalgically ) I love the smell of napalm in the morning . one time we have a hill bomb for 12 hour . I walk up it when it be all over ; we do not find one of them ... not one stinking gook body . they slip out in the night -- but the smell -- that gasoline smell -- the whole hill -- it smell like ... ( pause ) victory ... he look off nostalgically . willard you know , some day this war 's gonna end .. kilgore ( sadly ) yes , I know . suddenly he sense something -- he stop -- lift he hand -- then frantically lick he finger and put they up in the air . kilgore ( continue ) the wind -- lance what ? sure enough there be a rush breeze that increase . kilgore ( rise maniacally ) feel it -- it 's the wind -- it 's blow on shore -- it 's on shore ! he lean down and practically grab lance . kilgore ( continue ; scream ) it 's gonna blow this place out . it 's gonna ruin it ... willard the kid can not ride sloppy wave . they turn and stare out to sea . 96 full shot - the point - surfer the wind have change . instead of blow spray back over the wave and hollowing they out , this strange wind be cause white cap and cross chop .. reduce the swell to slop . Mike and johnny lay low on they board , overjoy . willard ( o.s. ) the kid can not stand sloppy wave . 97 mo . shot - the beach - lance , kilgore , willard willard you do not expect this kid to ride that crap , do you ? he 's a goddamn artist , he need something to work with ... slap lance on the shoulder . lance yeah , I be a artist , goddamit ! kilgore ( apologetically ) yeah -- yeah , I can understand how you feel . he turn toward the tree . kilgore ( continue ) it 's the napalm -- it 's cause the wind -- ruin my perfect leave . he stagger off toward the tree follow by he guard and other lackey . kilgore ( continue ; mumble ) the napalm -- ruin -- napalm my perfect leave -- my perfect leave point break -- napalm -- lance motion with he eye to willard . 98 full shot on the p.b.r. the p.b.r. along the river shallow -- the Chief and crew wait and yell . 99 mo . view on willard and lance willard be you finish surfing ? lance yeah ... thanks . willard want to say goodbye to the Colonel ? lance Nah . willard then let 's get the hell out of here . they break and run like hell toward the boat in the distance . our view track with they . they be cheer by the crew -- suddenly , willard see some - thing and stop ... lance continue . in a pile of equipment that the huey have leave be two surfboard -- willard look at they . lance no -- no , Captain . willard which one 's the Colonel 's ? lance the yater -- the clear one with the thin stringer . willard glance over to it with determination . there be still mortar FIRE come in between he and the board . suddenly , willard make a run for it . chief ( o.s. ) incoming ! incoming -- son of a bitch . the round bracket the p.b.r. and line up the beach toward willard . he stand there and do not move , the surfboard under he arm . the shell kick up sand . lance have drop . fragment whistle by , one rip a chunk of foam and fibreglass from the rain of the board . willard ( calm ) this one , lance ? lance yeah , Jesus Christ ! once again , willard take off fast as hell with the board under he arm . lance follow toward the boat , through the water . willard hand the board up to Mr. clean , and they both scamper abroad , exhaust and relieved . clean what would you that for ? willard when I be a kid I , never have a yater spoon . Mr. clean stuff the board in the stern 50 cal. mount . the boat turn -- engine running hard and roar off toward the deeper water of the river -- the board clearly visible on the stern . dissolve to : 100 full shot on the river - p.b.r the p.b.r. roar by go down the river at full speed . it be swerving and zig -zagging to avoid potential enemy fire . 101 mo . shot on the crew they all be in full battle position -- they twin fifty cal. gun turn ; warily cover the jungle bank . the Chief be at helm -- willard crouch against some armor plate , huddle with he m - 16 ready . chef be behind he at the radio . lance lean back from he forward turret . lance ( yell ) maybe we better stay in under the tree till dark -- we get he yater . willard he do not look like he would take that sit down . they all look up into the sky -- expect the worst . willard ( continue ) let 's put some distance between we and Charlie . the Chief nod . chief lance --- lance yeah . chief why do not you roll we a big joint ? I think the Captain would like that . they all look at willard uneasily . after a suspensful pause , willard smile : willard take one a mine -- he fish into he breast pocket -- pull out a huge cigar-size joint . they all smile -- willard light up . dissolve to : 102 full shot - the p.b.r. it zig - zag away from we down the river at high speed . dissolve to : 103 full shot - the tree , boat , crew - night the boat be hide under some tree along the river bank . the man wait tensely listen -- lance you hear it again ? willard no -- I do not think so . but it will be back . they be circle . it will be back . lance you think he would of shot we ? willard when ? lance any time -- we -- Americans . lance look over at willard . willard I do not think hed of shot we on the beach but -- he would of shot we if he see I take the board -- lance a yater spoon be hard to get -- especially here . willard he 's a man who know what he want -- he do know what he want . chef can I go get that mango now ? chief I will go with you in a while -- judt hold tight awhile -- lance Captain -- that be all true about the rat and chocolate and stuff ? willard sure . lance and you could just tell when the supplies be booby trap ? willard it 's a feel you get in the jungle . when you get good , you can find a track and tell not only how many they be , but they morale , how far they be go , whether they be near they camp , the weapon they be carry . clean how can you tell they weapon .. a ' how far they be go ? willard smile . willard mostly from the imprint when they put they down to rest . they morale from the way they drag they foot , or the joint that may be lie around . if they be near a base camp , they would not be conserve food ; they will be throw it away half - eat . if the branch be not break , they weapon be sling . but all this be just technique .. there 's a feel you get after a while , that 's what 's important . I be go through a village once . I be look for a certain party . I take off my boot , and walk into each hut . it be midnight . I go into three like that and suddenly I realize id go into each hut the same way -- stand up -- so the next one I go in on my belly . a rpd burst take out the door a bit above my head . ( he shrug ) thing like that . a pause , and then suddenly he attention be divert -- they all be silent -- it be pitch dark -- we hear the distant SOUND of rotor -blade and indistinguishable language on a loudspeaker -- the talk stop -- the rotors grow louder until almost overhead . kilgore ( v.o. ) ( over a loudspeaker ) I be not gonna hurt or harm you , boy -- I just want the board back -- you can understand -- it be one of my best -- you know how hard it be to get a board you like , boy . I be not gonna hurt or harm you -- just leave it where I can find it -- the helicopter drone on into the night -- the same speech start again further off -- finally the noise cease . clean Jesus -- that guy 's too damn much . chief I wonder if that be the same copter . willard he 's probably get them all over the river with that recording . we better move now while it 's dark . chef step forward with a plastic basket . chief yeah , chef -- go ahead -- take lance with you -- willard I will go with he -- they all look at he . willard ( continue ) I wanta get my foot on solid land once in awhile -- he grab a m - 16 and follow chef over the side . 104 mo . shot - the jungle - chef , willard - night they cautiously walk through the underbrush . willard chef . chef yes , sir -- willard why they call you that ? chef call I what , sir ? willard chef -- be that ' cause you like mango a ' stuff ? chef no , sir -- I be a real chef , sir -- I be a sauciere -- willard a sauciere -- chef that 's right , sir -- I come from New Orleans -- I be raise to be a sauciere .. a great sauciere . we specialize in sauce ; my whole family . it 's what we do . I be suppose to go to Paris and study at the escoffier School ; I be save the money . they call I for my physical so I figure the navy have better food . willard what be you do out here ? chef cook school -- that do it . willard how ? chef they line we all up in front of a hundred yard of prime rib -- magnificent meat , beautifully marble .. then they start throw it in this big cauldron , all of it -- boil . I look in , a ' it be turn gray . I could not stand it . I go into radio school . they move into a slight clear . willard ( whisper ) -- quiet -- chef crouch close -- redy he m - 16 . willard ges - ture that he hear something ; he point . 105 mo . shot - different angle pan slowly over jungle -- end revealing willard and chef . willard ( silent ) there ... he point -- motion chef to move away -- they cover the spot . a few yard from they they hear something move . it be obviously no small jungle creature . they walk toward a patch of black elephant grass ; they gun at the ready . they look at each other . willard be cold , methodical , do something he know well . there be a noise again -- some of the growth rustle . he and chef move a distance apart , and join in stalking the probable v.c. willard direct the chef with hand gesture , and bird and cricket sound . they move stealthily , close the apex of they triangle on the hunt . the two man drop low into the elephant grass , and remain motionless . then willard make the cricket noise , and they move closer . willard 's leave hand edge out along the m - 16' far end , so that he only have to point the finger of that hand and he will hit what he want . he make another command and they rush the trap enemy . 106 mo . shot - the elephant grass - willard and chef suddenly there be a rushing SOUND -- the grass fold down quickly toward they -- willard plant he foot and from the hip let go full automatic . the chef retreat firing short burst into the grass -- the grass fold almost to willard -- then a huge tiger leap out at they ; snarling magnificently . they FIRE wildly , empty they clip . chef it 's a motherfuck tiger -- goddamn ... he turn and bolt through the jungle , as scared as a man can be . chef ( continue ; scream ) goddamn -- Jesus Christ tiger -- motherfuck tiger -- ohhhhhhhhh -- willard jam another clip in he gun and back out of the clear , cover the bush and run , scared out of he head as well . 107 full shot - the boat - the crew they all be armed -- lance have the twin 50' point into the jungle . chef come scream out of the brush , throw he rifle into the boat and dive headfirst after it . chef ( hysterical ) ohhhh -- tiger ! oh goddamn ! it 's a tiger ! Jesus Christ ! goddamn , a tiger ! ohhhhhhhh . the Chief try to grab he ; take he gun away , but be unable to take a hold of the chef , as he slither around the boat , try to find safety . willard follow from the jungle -- the chef be moan and stare off into the night . lance what 's this tiger shit ? willard no shit ... I think I shot the hell out of he . lance you think ? willard I be nt look .. I be run . clean be a big tiger -- no shit ? willard who stop to measure he -- let 's get the hell out of here . chef a motherfuck tiger -- I could have be kill . the engine roar to life -- the p.b.r. pull away with great speed . chief you forget the mango , do not you ? chef mango ? there as a fuck tiger in the wood -- I could have be eat alive . I be never go into that jungle again . I gotta remember never get out of the boat ; never get outta the boat . they move off ; swallow by the darkness . the jungle noise remain , as our view begins a move into the jungle . willard ( v.o. ) he be right , the chef -- never go into the jungle , unless you be ready to go all the way . dissolve to : 108 ext . the boat in marina del ray - night willard , think , he back to US . suddenly , he turn around , and we see he face . willard ( v.o. ) what be in the jungle ? what be there , wait for I ? he light the cigarette ; the light of he match illuminate he face momentarily . there be something different about he ; a maturity , a cool inner peace . willard ( v.o. ) ( continue ) ... kurtz be in there . or be he ; be it kurtz ? he be just a name to I now ; I could not remember a face , a voice -- he just do not add up to I . all he liberal bullshit about the end of savagery -- and the role of we culture , we way of life ... willard look toward the group of people on the boat -- there be still some music . they talk and drink and laugh . willard ( v.o. ) ( continue ) we way of life -- I really start to look forward to meeting kurtz again . dissolve to : 109 waterway - moving forward - day we hear : radio -- must remember that we owe we thanks for this to the wonderful service of the u.s.o. -- here 's another oldie -- this one dedicated ... 110 view on chef by himself on the p.b.r. ; he have wipe mud under he eye to kill the glare ; it be incredibly hot . he be barechest , wear a hat make of a banana palm . radio ... to the fire team at a khe from they groovy c.o. Fred the head -- 111 view on the group radio the Rolling Stones and " satisfaction ... " chef outa sight . the song blare on -- they all dig it . pan to willard , sit alone in the rear , read from he file on kurtz . we reveal lance in the b.g. , water - ski behind the p.b.r. , slalome back and forth on he single ski to the music -- jump the wake occasion - ally . 112 new view - on the p.b.r. lance waterskieng to " satisfaction . " 113 view on clean alert , at the rear of the boat -- he m - 16 ready , just in case . 114 view on willard willard open a letter from the packet . we can see it be a private correspondence -- feminine write on the envelope . willard ( v.o. ) the dossier of a dtachment contain letter from the family and wife of kurtz ' man there be letter from kurtz ' wife as well . 115 close shot - on the letter it be address to Colonel walter kurtz -- in the corner be the return addess of Mrs. Colonel walter kurtz -- willard 's hand fush through the packet and come up with apicture of a very attractive , thirty - five year old american beauty ... she be classically american . 116 close shot - on willard look at the picture -- put it back , then open the letter , straighten it . willard ( v.o. ) dearest Walt -- I have to confess something . I know how you feel about this , but I have to ask Bob to find out what he could -- I just could not stand it anymore , not know where you be , whether you be alive or dead . I be sorry Walt , I be sorry I say that . Bob do not tell I anything -- he say he could not -- I can not stand it anymore , Walt -- I just can not stand it . willard look out at the jungle . deep imppenetrable jungle -- dark and primeval forest pass by . the Rolling Stones chant on in the b.g. willard ( v.o. ) ( continue ) I have to take the kid to school every morning now -- carpool just never work out . Jeff come home with a black eye on Tuesday but say he win anyway . he would not tell I what the fight be about . Jeff keep ask where you be -- he have map of viet nam in he room now . he miss you very much . I can not take this much longer , Walt . I love you and I just can not stand it . 117 close on willard he fold the letter up , file through some other quickly and get to a peculiar envelope stamp top secret with a stencile date on it . it be also note that this be the last correspondence to leave nu mung ba . it be address to kurtz ' wife . he open the letter -- it be write in a scrawle savage hand to no one in partic - ular . it read : sell the house sell the car sell the kid find someone else forget it I be never come back forget it -- he fold up the letter . 118 close shot - willard he look out at the ominous jungle mountain . dissolve to : 119 full shot - p.b.r . - river outpost - rain the p.b.r. pull in towards a american outpost that be be use as a forward medical evacuation center . various helicopter pad be see , but only one heli - copter -- the h -34 paint with playboy rabbit that bring the girl to Hau fat . several soldier in rain - coat come out the dock as the p.b.r. pull up . 120 mo . shot - willard , soldier willard look into some empty tent -- look around the dreary muddy camp . two soldier pass . willard soldier -- where 's you c.o.? soldier stepped on a booby trap , sir -- get blow all to hell -- willard well , who 's in command here ? soldier I do not know -- do not have any idea -- I be just the night man -- he turn and walk off babbling incoherently -- willard what about you , soldier ? the soldier he be talk to turn around smile idiotically and make animal noise . he stumble off after he friend . 121 mo . shot - different angle - willard he look around disgustedly voice ( o.s. ) ( whisper ) Captain -- willard turn around look for where the voice come from . voice ( o.s. ) ( continue ) over here , Captain -- he turn to see the Hollywood agent under the flap of a large tent so that he will not get wet . he wear the same clothes as before , but be much dirtier . he motion willard into the tent . 122 int . tent - mo . shot - willard , agent they duck inside -- it be dark and damp . on cot around astove sit the three playmate and the pilot . the nearest one , cathy , a blonde , pick leech out of she foot . the other two , terri and lynda , play card with the helicopter pilot . willard look over the situation . agent you come in on that boat , do not you ? willard yeah -- agent where be you head ? willard what 's it matter ? get to the point . agent look -- you know the girl -- thta 's terri -- she be playmate of -- willard yeah , I catch you show at Hau fat . they all look over . agent oh -- I see -- well , girl , this be Captain -- eh -- willard Captain willard -- go ahead . agent look -- we get in a little trouble -- they rudely take we helicopter for medevac work on this -- uh operation brute Force -- they just bring it back this morning . willard yeah . agent well I mean like they also take we fuel -- we have be here two day . willard dreadful . agent look -- the girl could get kill -- we be not suppose to be this close combat , I mean real combat . willard well -- agent we could use some fuel -- just a half drum -- just enough to get we out a here . willard we need all we fuel . he turn and start to leave . agent but , Captain , think what this girl have do for the boy -- think of how they have risk -- willard be almost out of the tent . terri Captain -- he turn around . terri ( continue ) it 's really rough here -- Captain -- we be just not build for it -- the Pilot laugh . pilot that 's rich -- terri do we a favor -- I would do one for you -- if I could -- willard just stare at she -- even though she 's in jeans and field jacket she be something to see -- the agent take willard aside -- terri go back to the other . agent look -- you know who that be , Captain -- you know what she 's say -- you will never see stuff that good outside of a magazine for the rest of you life . willard I be not that fond of blond -- maybe I like brunettes -- agent take you pick -- they all like you -- I can tell -- willard I like all of they -- agent good -- like I say , take you pick . willard I say I like all of they . agent now just a second -- I be do you a favor , buddy -- what be you try to pull ? willard turn to leave again . willard we need all we fuel anyway . agent wait -- wait -- do not get up tight -- what I mean be we would need a whole drum for that -- willard sit down -- we will talk about it . willard sit down on a metal chair -- motion the agent to do likewise . agent what 's there to talk about -- this whole thing disgust I . willard my man -- agent what ! willard that 's what there be to talk about -- my man -- I take a good care of my man -- the girl be try to pretend they be not listen -- the helicopter Pilot be cackle to himself . agent you be out of you skull -- willard we have a lot of pride in we unit -- agent how far do you think you can push -- what kind of people do you think -- willard esprit de corps -- agent no -- absolutely not -- willard one for all -- all for one -- agent you can keep you fuck fuel -- willard get up . willard you make some of you close friend in the army -- war have a way of bring man together . agent get out -- willard Men of all race -- nationality -- he get up and start out . agent two drum -- willard turn around slowly . agent ( continue ) two whole drum -- willard we can use some fifty caliber and a 16 too -- agent I do not know what you be talk about -- get fuck -- willard I will -- I assure you that -- you get a fifty on that h - 34 -- leave the ammo in box -- I will get my man to bring the first drum with them -- he turn to go under the tent flap . willard ( continue ) have the girl freshen up a bit -- comb they hair -- put on something -- you know what I mean -- he leave . 123 full shot - p.b.r . - crew they be all work on patching the boat and clean it up in general . Mr. clean sit in f.g. , clean a m - 16 . clean you keep this thing in this condition a ' it 's gonna jam , lance -- mark my word . lance why do not you go pet the water buffaloe -- get off my back . behin they on the beach stand several water buffaloe eat mud or whatever they do . they be paint jungle brown and green camouflage with grey bottom -- on they side the word have be stencile in black : 1 each -- buffalo , Water b-1a U.S. Army no. 15239 willard walk through they down to the boat . chief careful , Captain , they have be know to charge . willard all right I get a little surprise for you -- they all look up . willard ( continue ) I have arrange with that people we see at Hau fat to give we some 50 caliber in trade for a couple a drum of fuel -- chef no shit . willard chef -- since you be such a fan of miss December 's I think you should be detailed with lance and clean to take the first drum up there . chef I do not believe you -- chief what be you try to say , Captain -- willard you will see soon enough -- get go , sailor -- chief no shit -- hot damn -- 124 int . tent - mo . shot - lynda , chef he have follow she into the tent awe -struck -- she casuallu start unbuttone she fatigue jacket and take off she pants . he just stand there , he arm at he side . chef I have get every one of you picture -- I have get the centerfold -- the playmate 's review -- the playmate of the Year run-off -- everything , even the calender -- lynda well , get undress and let 's get it over with -- chef I can not believe it -- I would a never even get to see you if it be not for this war -- she lie down on the cot in only she panty . chef ( continue ) you would not mind -- uh kinda drape that jacket over you sort of the way you be in the calender , would you ? lynda come on -- cut this crap -- I gotta get back to saigon -- chef just let I look awhile -- I just do not believe -- CUT to : 125 int . tent - close shot - lance , cathy they have just finish make love . cathy look very pleased . lance finish tie he boot -- she draw on he back . he get up -- start to leave . lance well -- uh thanks -- see you around . cathy yeah . he leave -- she pull herself up and start comb she hair -- Mr. clean walk in . cathy ( continue ) who be you ? clean I be next -- she shrug . dissolve to : 126 int . tent - mo . shot - willard , terri he finish tie on he boot -- pull on he jacket -- he gun belt and pick up he m - 16 . she look up at he -- willard ma'am -- I would like to thank you for what you a ' all you friend have do for we -- I want you to know that I an' the man appreciate you come all this way -- riskin ' you life -- live uncomfortably a ' do all you can to entertain we . I want you to know personally , miss , that for the past few minute you have make I feel at home . she pick up a shoe to throw at he . he turn , exit f.g. willard ( continue ) just want to say that , mar 'am . the shoe clang off he helmet . CUT to : 127 ext . the p.b.r. approaching do lung bridge - full shot - night the boat edge in toward the wreck bridge in the distance . along the bank be sandbagge fortificvation with U.S. soldier in they . there be a bright fire burn uncontrolled in the distance ; the spark and white light from welding on the bridge momentarily light up the night . willard ( v.o. ) two day and night later , we approach the do lung Bridge . 128 view on the face of the p.b.r. crew watch . everywhere be wreck boat -- part of trunk stick out of the water -- smashed helicopter on the bank . the bridge be in a state of siege . mortar and rocket arc through the night indiscriminately and rip through the nearby jungle . Soldiers be everywhere -- scurrying from trenches , carry material for the bridge or tend to the wounded , the maim and the dead . Light automatic weapon FIRE be heard occasionally . the p.b.r. edge in under the span of the old bridge . Soldiers run up through the water . they be obscure in the darkness . soldier I gotta get out a here -- I ll pay -- I get money . chief get away from this boat . willard who 's you c.o. , soldier ? the soldier duck back and run away . soldier fuck you , you will get what 's come to you . other man approach the boat . a young lieutenant step forward . lieutenant Captain willard ? willard that 's I . lieutenant Captain willard -- we get this from nha thrang two day ago -- they expect you here then -- he hand up a plastic bag , maximum security marking , willard take it . lieutenant ( continue ) you do not know how happy that make I , sir . willard why ? lieutenant now I can get out a here -- if I can find a way out . willard we will be need some supplies and fuel -- do you know anybody who can give I a hand ? lieutenant I would just clear out as soon as I could if I be you , sir . they be gonna start work on the bridge with torch again . Charlie will start throw it in hard -- willard what be this bridge ? lieutenant it 's of strategic importance for keep the highway into bat shan open -- the general do not like to admit that bat shan be surround . he point to the man get ready to work . lieutenant ( continue ) every night we build it and by 0800 they have blow it up -- it and a lot of good man -- but the general like to say the road be open -- ha ! nobody use that road except Charlie . he turn and splashes off into the darkness . lieutenant ( continue ) this be the cesspool of hell . soldier ( o.s. ) incoming . shell whistle over and crash into the bridge -- men scream in the distance -- the explosion be thunderous . chief ( yell ) all right -- lance , go with the Captain a ' see what you can scrounge -- willard climb out with lance . chief ( continue ; to willard ) better make it fast , sir -- we do not really need much anyway . willard nod and they scurry off the bank under the bridge . 129 mo . shot - willard , lance they dash up the embankment and along the barb wire on the edge of the road . shell scream overhead , they do not know where to run . voice straight ahead , son of a bitch . they dive towards the voice . 130 close shot - trench they dive in , a soldier be crounch in f.g. hold he buddy who be cry uncontrollably . soldier you come right to it , son of a bitch -- willard Son of a bitch , sir . the soldier do not respond . willard ( continue ) where 's you chief supply officer ? soldier beverly Hills -- willard what ? soldier straight up the road -- a concrete bunker -- beverly Hills -- where else you think he would be ? willard c'mon -- there be a apparent lull and they dash out along the road . suddenly to they right a m-60 start open up from a sandbagge emplacement . soldier ( o.s. ) get you ass down , buddy . they drop and crawl to the slit trench and run up to the emplacement . several soldier man a m - 60 . one have a sniper rifle -- another try to spot for the gunner . willard and lance edge up along the trench . willard trip . voice watch you foot , asshole -- willard look down . voice ( continue ) you step on my face . lance we think you be dead . voice the whole world love a smart ass . they move ahead more carefully . the gunner blast away into the night , there be a pile of brass case about three foot high next to he . finally he stop swear to himself . willard what be you shoot at , soldier ? gunner gook . he turn and see it 's a officer . gunner ( continue ) I m sorry , sir . willard it 's all right , sergeant -- what 's out there ? gunner they be tryin ' to cut through the wire -- I get them all I think . other soldier oh yeah -- listen . there be a low moan scream from out in the wire -- it stop for aminute then continue hideously . gunner he 's try to call he friend -- send up a flare . the spotter do , it arc up , then bathes they in eerie light . the gunner fire a long burst . spotter that be all dead , stupid , he 's obviously underneath them -- they think about this as the flare go out . the scream get more intense . gunner wake up the roach . the spotter move down to where a tall lanky soldier be lean up against the trench . he kick he hard several time . roach wake and just look up . on he helmet be the word : " GOD bless dow . " roach yeah , man . spotter slope in the wire -- hear he . he listen , he do , he nod . spotter ( continue ) bust he . roach get up somewhat annoyed but very cool . he saunter up the machine gun drag he m-79 which have paisley design all over it . gunner hear he ? roach sure , yeah . gunner you need a flare -- roach no , it 's cool . he open the breech of he shotgun- like weapon and plunk the big slug into it . he snap it close then rest it across he forearm over the trench -- he listen to the scream , calculate . roach ( continue ) he 's close -- real close . he adjust he sight so that the gun be aim high into the air . he listen again then fire . the grenade whistle off into the night . there be a sharp explosion that cut off the scream . then the thud of body or piece of body come down around they . roach ( continue ) muhhh fuhhh ... he stagger back down the trench to go to sleep . 131 full shot - p.b.r . - bridge - clean , chef they stand in the shallow wait for willard and lance . clean be nervous , he constantly check he m - 16 . shell whistle by and crash in the distance . chef geez , I wish they would hurry . a soldier come up on he way with some other to start building the bridge . soldier hey , buddy , that boat still run , eh ? clean yeah , it still run . soldier do I a favor buddy , please . clean what be it ? he take out a handful of crumpled envelope . soldier send this out when you get back to the world . he put they in clean 's hand . soldier ( continue ) it 's to everyone I really know -- the first girl I screw -- my brother -- best friend -- I want to tell them how much I enjoy know them -- it 's be a great twenty year . I gotta let them know . clean what be you askin ' I for -- put them in the first helicopter come in tomorrow . soldier nobody come in here . he point up at the mountain ridge . soldier ( continue ) the n.v.a. 312th -- over there the 307th -- on that hill we count fourteen different gun in one minute -- they get rocket mortar , sniper in that tree , there 's a million of that shitty little bastard out there -- we be all gonna die . he grab clean and look at he with a maniacal urgency . soldier ( continue ) I be gonna be dead . clean take the letter . soldier ( continue ) you get a chance in that boat -- by morning you could be five mile down the river . clean we be not goin ' down the river . the soldier look at he as if he be joke . clean ( continue ) what 's up river from here anyhow -- the soldier do not answer , just stare dumbfounded . soldier spooky . clean Charlie ? soldier no , it would be spooky without the war -- give them back . he take the letter and leave , somewhat disappointed and disgust . willard and lance come back down the beach carry some belt of ammunition and a couple of extra m - 16' . chief wow , you must a find the c.o. , eh ? willard we find some body -- let 's get out a here . 132 full shot - different angle - p.b.r. they edge through the shallow as the man light up they welding torch to start work on the pontoon bridge -- then pull away and accelerate fast . 133 mo . shot - the p.b.r. crew the Chief be at the helm -- they all look back in the distance where the bridge be -- the hill flash with artillery discharge -- there be a fiery glow from the bridge area and the concussion of heavy explosion . dissolve to : 134 ext . full shot - p.b.r . - crew - rain the boat move uneasily upriver , through this tropical downpour . Mr. clean be in thef.g. , oiling and clean he 50 - cal , he m - 11 and m-79 -- the rest of the crew be forward , take shelter from the rain under the canvas canopy . clean work methodically under a umbrella he be set up by lean the surfboard against gun mount . 135 ext . the rushing river - new view - rain the river be move fast against they . all manner of de - bris ; tree trunk , sweeping by the p.b.r . chief ( to willard ) I can not see a fuck thing . there be a loud cracking SOUND , as one of the piece of tree - trunk whacks the hull , and bounce off . willard climb forward , and look down . chief ( continue ) we hit a big enough one this hull will shatter like a corvette . Fucking plastic boat . willard practically hang off forward with a long pole , ward off the big debris move toward the p.b.r . clean join he , help . willard ( shouting to Chief ) what about ducking into one of that tributary till this river slow down ? chief who know what 's up there ? willard can not be any worse than this . what do you think ? chief I think this river want to take we home fast . I be practically goin ' in reverse . willard point he pole in the direction of the mouth of a tributary . willard well , get in there . chief this whole area be lousy with v.c . -- we do not stand a chance . lemme turn around and we will be in Hau fat in six minute . there be a really loud whack against the hull . willard really mad , throw the pole at the Chief , who duck . willard get in there ! chief this be my crew and my fuck boat , and I be the responsible party . willard get in there now or I will bury you in this river . it 's clear that willard will kill the Chief if he do not do as he say . chief ( finally relent , turn the helm ) you be fuck crazy . you be go to get we all kill . the p.b.r. navigate through the rush and into the mouth of the tributary . dissolve to : 136 ext . the tributary - p.b.r . - rain rain be pour down , but the p.b.r. be slowed down to a snail 's pace by hyacinth , literally across the waterway . willard , chef and clean in the water , cut through they with machete . 137 view on lance have climb to the high point of the cockpit . lance it break through in about twenty foot . 138 view on willard cut through . he look to chef , who have stop cut - ting , and be stare into the jungle . willard what do you see ? chef I do not know . he look out -- the jungle at this point be very dark and high -- totally impenetrable . willard keep cut . they work feverishly , know something be wrong . 139 view on chef cut with all he 's get . chef I know it sound stupid , but I feel like the goddamn jungle 's watch we . willard probably be . chef whatdoya think it think . willard that we be dumber than we look . chef stop again , look hard , try to penetrate the darkness and from the very depth of it -- the darkness of it , come a stream of tracers , lazily arching out at they . it whip between they -- the SOUND following much later . other bullet smash through and ricochet off the deck fitting . glass shatter , and a huge hunk of paint be remove from the armor shield by a 20 mm cannon . chief lance -- ' bout twenty meter starboard . lance leap down to he position . willard , clean and chef cut feverishly , as the trap boat struggle to get free . chef there in the tree ! everything be confusion -- yell -- gunfire -- the thud of heavy bullet rip inti the p.b.r. 's fibreglass hull . 140 view on lance lance 's twin gun return the FIRE . the Chief move to one of the heavy gun and join lance in return the FIRE . 141 view on the men in the water push , cut . bullet smash and explode around . clean climb onto the boat , and leap onto a gun emplace - ment . 142 mo . view nobody really know where the erratic fire be come from . chief ( back at the helm ) elevate lance , in the tree . no , I see another . chef thirty meter up , lance ; I see the fuck flash . lance grit he tooth , firing -- 143 close shot on clean 144 Pov behind clean he blast short burst of tracers into the jungle , cut it to salad . suddenly more tracers from another direction -- clean swing around -- bullet smash against he shield and rip chunks from the surfboard . he blast a long heavy burst at the jungle -- tree crumble . clean I be rip them , man , son -of - a - bitch , it 's jamme , oh God , it 's jamme . clean be riddled by machine gun FIRE . Chief run to Mr. clean -- it be obvious that he be dead . he look angrily to willard . willard and chef be practically through . willard leap up , as chef finish the last stroke . he move toward the cockpit . willard throw I that ordnance . chef throw he a m-79 and several shell -- willard open it , jam a huge projectile and pull himself over the edge of the cockpit . willard ( continue ) give I some kind a field a fire -- bullet rip by . chef ( exhaust ) we be through . he climb aboard and collapse . chef ( continue ) oh , God -- lance ( firing ) I be not finish ! I be not finish ! willard bring that bow ordnance into that tree . he jam he gun up as he see a flash and fire -- there be a low pop and a whistle as the grenade arch into the jungle . 145 Pov . - behind they he fire another burst as the grenade explode brightly . there be another pop and whistle , another blast . a large tree fall , just as the craft speed up through the thin - ning growth . we hear strange scream from the tree and jungle , hideous moan and terror-filled cry . 146 close shot on the chief he jam the throttle forward -- the boat surge ahead . willard fire another grenade from he m - 79 . 147 full shot on the p.b.r. the boat slam through the hyacinth growth , move through the river , firing back at unseen enemy in the jungle . dissolve to : 148 full view on the p.b.r . - twilight the boat move ahead at half speed through a wide , flat area in the river . 149 mo . view the man sit around , exhaust , brutalize , wounded . they look like animal , but they be relaxed , be - cause they know they be too far from the bank to be shot at . they smoke pot and eat silently . lance smoke a joint and look at he gun . splotches of paint have be blow away from the armor shield -- piece of deck be rip and rag around the mount . the boat be a float wreck . clean 's body be be prepare in a plastic sack by Chief . all of the man be silent . chef come up from below ; he have be wounded in the shoulder . chef there 's some bad hole , man , and the crack -- water 's come through the crack . food 's shot to hell . willard how much be leave ? chef less than half -- sure be a mess down there . Chief have be silent by the body of clean in a plastic sack . willard and the grass ? chef still get a lot of that stuff from nha trang . but we be run low on the other . Chief push clean 's body into the river . 150 view on willard he notice something in the distance . 151 willard' Pov a light . 152 mo . view willard stand up , point up the river . willard hey . they all look over . willard ( continue ) that 's a light down there -- chef yeah , it be . chief what the hell be it ? willard in the middle of the jungle -- a goddamn light . 153 full shot - the p.b.r . - the twilight the p.b.r. approach the distant light -- which seem to be on the dock of a overgrown plantation building . 154 view on willard , chief strain to see ; he use field glass . 155 Pov - through the glass seem to be some figure stand on the dock . the figure pull back behind some drum . 156 back to scene willard watch it ! they duck as shot ring out from the dock , stitching the water across the p.b.r. 's bow . the crew crouch , gun train on the dock as the boat still approach . willard ( continue ) they be not cong . chief ( over the loud-hailer ) we be Americans . another burst , closer . chef maybe you should not say we be Americans ? willard stare at the dock and building , try to figure it out . willard chef , try you french . Chief hand the loud-hailer to chef , who shrug and shout : chef nous somme americain -- silence . chef ( continue ) nous not voulon pas vous agresser . 157 view on willard he look through the glass . 158 Pov through the glass gradually , a small group appear from behind the drum on the dock . willard ( o.s. ) french national -- they may not be too friendly , though . 159 back to scene we drift closer to the dock . the chef start enjoy speak french . chef nous somme americain -- nous somme des amis -- there be silence as the boat drift closer . then : frenchman ( shouting out ) vous parlez francais comme une vache espanole . chef ( to himself ) I think it be pretty good , myself . chief what would he say ? chef Said I speak french like a Spanish cow . frenchman ( o.s. ) laisser tomber vos arme -- chef put the gun straight up -- stand away from the mount . willard do it . they do . frenchman ( o.s. ) vous pouvez approcher mais doucement -- chef take she in slow . 160 full shot - different angle - dock the man on the dock move forward , cautiously . they be a young man , philippe , about 25 , strong and handsome , save for a scar down on the side of he face and through he leave eye , which be cover by a patch . he be dress in a tiger suit and the red beret of the french colonial para - troops . also of the red beret be henry lefevre , a bear - ded , dark - look man of 35 , and tran van kac , a middle - age half - breed slave . they all bear automatic weapon and suspicious in they eye . as the boat pull up to the dock , another frenchman join the group , obviously the head man , gaston De marais , about fifty , small and deli - cate , with a strength about he . philippe hand on the head . chief I can not steer with my goddamn foot . chef hey , they speak american . gaston who be the commanding officer ? chief I -- willard I be -- I be Captain b.l. willard . this be Chief warrant Officer Phillips -- it 's he boat . we be shot up bad downriver and need repair and food -- we can pay you in gold . gaston philippe -- philippe move to another position -- kac grab the rope from the deck and tie it to the dock . lance I will help you with -- philippe do not move -- gaston look at the skyward point twin fifty admiringly . gaston fifty caliber , eh , Captain -- willard as I say , we can pay you in gold . gaston entirely unnecessary , Captain . he put down he gun -- the other do likewise -- gaston we share a common enemy -- you be we guest . ( he step back ) I be gaston de marais -- this be my family 's plantation . it have be such for 121 year . it will be such after I die . this be my son , philippe -- he have fight in Algeria and hold the rank of Captain . and Henry lefevre -- a sergeant ; he be at dien Bien phu . my personal servant , tran Van kac --- then he motion to the tree . a young man in a tiger suit and three woman come forward from different position -- all wear bush clothing and bear weapon . gaston ( continue ) my youngest son -- Christian -- 161 close shot - christian he carry a m - 60 machine gun in he hand -- a belt of ammunition trail off behind he . gaston Christian 's wife -- Ann - Marie -- a tall girl , goodlook , but severe -- she carry a m - 16 . gaston ( continue ) and my youngest daughter -- claudine . 162 close on claudine a attractive girl about eighteen . she wear a red paratrooper beret and a well - fitte bush suit . she carry a m-79 grenade launcher and plenty of ammunition . 163 full view - p.b.r . - crew , gaston , other they stand there , exhaust and amaze . philippe yell in vietnamese -- about a dozen native man in tiger suit , heavily armed , walk out of the tree from all around they . they look the Americans over warily and assemble at philippe 's command . willard american weapon ? gaston we take they from the dead . ( smile ) now -- I assume you want to rest , to shower . we will attend to you repair after dinner . chef shower . willard 's man look at one another , daze . willard we do not want to bother you any , we -- gaston a man of war be never bother to aid a ally -- you will follow I , Captain . willard step off -- then stop , reach back and pick up he m - 16 by the stock . willard a habit of man of war , sir -- you understand . gaston of course , Captain -- a unfortunate necessity . the man be relieved . they pick up they weapon and follow . chief what about the boat ? philippe my man will keep it for you -- chief yeah -- well , I will stay with the boat . willard chief. ( pause ) come with we . they look at each other a moment . the Chief shrug and follow . 164 full shot - plantation - willard , gaston , other gaston stop , point to a guest house off the main struc - ture which be a typical jungle plantation house , save the many sandbagge gun emplacement and barb wire . gaston a suitable accomodation for you man , captain -- you will , of course , be quarter with we -- he indicate that the man should follow philippe . the Chief be hesitant . willard go ahead -- philippe lead they on , mutter . gaston Captain , this way . willard follow -- they walk over past the house and toward the jungle , approach a huge crater , 100 foot across and about thirty foot deep . the bottom be fill with water and young french and vietnamese child swim in it . on the opposite rim , sit two man and a woman with machine gun . gaston stride up and look down at the crater with pride . gaston ( continue ) magnificent , eh , Captain ? willard look . gaston ( continue ) it be very good -- there be no current -- it be very good . I have never see one like it in all indochina . I be in Paris when it arrive -- do you know what might have cause -- willard look like a two thousand pound to I . yeah , a two thousand pound bomb . gaston no , I have see that in normandy . this be much better . ( pause ) my country -- my country could never originate this . magnificent . gaston stand in serious admiration for this feat ; willard look between he and this big hole in the ground in amezement . 165 int . workmen' shower - evening a foreman 's shower from the old plantation day . the Chief step out of it , refresh , though still exhaust . lance stand there , about to step in , absolutely filthy , cake with blood . his reaction be odd ; rather than just step into the shower , he seem almost frighten , reluctant to step in . chef be wait behind he . chef a hot shower , hot damn . he push he forward into the water . the dirt and cake mud go swirl off he face and shoulder , and he relax as though he suddenly remenber what a shower be . 166 ext . the dock - p.b.r . - evening batter and tear -- a few of philippe 's vietnamese guard at the boat . 167 int . willard' quarter - evening a beautiful european room with tall ceiling . still elegantly furnish , although old and decaye . willard sit in a comfortable chair in the corner of the room , look out over the carpet , the bed with its elegant spread ; the wash basin ; the bidet . his battle dress be black with muck , with bloodstaine and burn . he rise from the chair and step to a dresser above which be a large mirror . there be a album on the marble top of the dresser . he turn to a page at random . 168 view on willard haggard , look down at the album . willard ( v.o. ) I wonder -- how long have this room be like this ; how long have the furniture be stand in this place ? 169 view on the album some old photograph of people stand around a car in the 20' in front of the plantation . another picture show a child play by the rubber tree near the plantation . willard ( v.o. ) be it like this sixty year ago ? eighty year ? but here , even eighty year be nothing . he turn the page , the plantation be build . picture of the frame , skeletal against the sky and jungle . 170 view on willard fascinate willard ( v.o . ) it be jungle , once ; and it will be jungle , again ... 171 view on the album onlu the very beginning of the house ; the first struc - ture . then another picture of the jungle site where it be to be build . 172 close view on willard he look up and see he own face , reflect in the garish mirror . he barely recognize himself . 173 mo . view willard look at himself in the mirror , in this odd , out - of - time room . 174 int . dine room group - tracking shot track down the long table , cover with delicious food . the p.b.r. crew sit with other of the De marais group . the table be head by St. lefevre . chef 's face light up as he regards the wonderful european - style food . chef this food be wonderful ! I can not believe the chef be a slope . ( turn to clean ) some more ? opposite the table , sit next to the Chief , lance reach hungrily for bread and other food with he hand . chef ( continue ) hey -- lance . lance huh ? oh . um , wouldya .. wouldya pass I the rice-a-roni , please . and then he look to he friend for approval . we view reveal that behind a transparent silk curtain there be another , more elaborate table , where the De marais family be dining with willard . we view move through the curtain and settles in a medium view of the group . the man rise as a very attractive woman enter the room . willard finally do as well , and she move to the chair next to he . gaston roxanne , I hope you be feel better . roxanne je vais bien maintenant . gaston May I present Captain willard ? he be of a paratroop regiment . you know the difference between a paratrooper and a regular soldier , do not you , my dear ? roxanne ( smile and take willard 's hand ) yes , they come from the sky . she sit -- there 's a uneasy silence . willard be catch with this exotic woman on one side of he , and the ongoing conversation on the other . he be force to face toward gaston , and draw to look at roxanne . willard I would like to know more about the .. uh , plaque ... philippe turn around , point to a elaborately script wooden plaque with various tally on it . gaston attack repulse , as I be say . ( hard ) this be only for this war , Captain . viet cong -- 54 ; North vietnamese regular force -- 15 ; South vietnamese -- 28 -- regular force and otherwise . ( pause ) americain -- 6 . of course , they be , perhaps , mistake , Captain . willard of course . I -- once we make we repair , we could send word , we could have you evacuate from here . gaston Captain ? willard you will get blow outta here some day . gaston we will never ' evacuate ' , Captain -- this be we home . indochina be ours ; it have be so for a hundred and twenty - one year , there be something to say for that . willard the vietnamese think it 's theirs -- I guess the Americans do , too . gaston but we civilized it . a place belong to that who bring light to it , do not you agree . willard I always think the french come here to get the rubber . philippe Excuse I , I must attend to my man . he get up , and leave abruptely -- follow by he wife . roxanne May I ask where the Captain be go in he little boat ? willard we be go upriver when we get catch in a storm , mar 'am . gaston upriver ? why upriver ? there be nothing there , only jungle . willard do you know that jungle ? gaston when I be a boy , my father would take I there , to hunt . there be a few savage , but no man can live there , no white man . willard what about a american name kurtz ? there be a pause . gaston we have never hear of he . gaston rise , and take roxanne 's hand . gaston ( continue ) bon nuit , roxanne -- bon nuit , Captain . willard turn . willard good night . gaston leave . willard and roxanne be leave alone . the servant clear the table . roxanne you must realize , Captain -- we have lose much here -- I , my husband . gaston -- he wife and son . willard I be sorry to hear that . roxanne ( rise ) cognac ? willard I should be check on the boat . roxanne the war will still be here tomorrow . she walk out of the room . willard ( think ) I guess so . he follow . 175 int . sitting room - full shot - willard and roxanne roxanne sit , pour a brandy , while willard stand . roxanne do you miss you home , Captain ? have you someone there ? willard no . not really . I be discharge from the army four year ago . I go home , waste some time , buy a mustang Mach 1 , drive it a week . then I re-up for another tour . no , everything I love be here . roxanne then you be like we . she reach out to he ; indicate that he sit . roxanne ( continue ) what will you do after the war ? willard I just follow my footstep , one at a time , try to answer the little question and stay away from the big one . roxanne what 's a big question ? willard kurtz. ( pause ) I know you have hear of he . roxanne yes . willard what do you hear ? roxanne that strange thing .. terrible thing have occure around this american , kurtz . willard what thing ? roxanne gaston would never tell I . it be asubject not to be speak of , Captain . willard yes . roxanne do you know -- deeper in the jungle , upriver -- there be savage ? willard I know . roxanne but Captain , I mean -- cannibal . a long pause . then she look at the cognac she pour for he . roxanne ( continue ) what a pity , you do not drink . since my husband die , there be so many thing I must do alone . she take a sip . willard move to the french door , which have be leave partly open to let a breeze in . he step onto a terrace overlook the river . 176 ext . the terrace - mo . view - willard - night a machine gun emplacement be situate on the terrace cover - ing the front of house , from the river . roxanne ( from the sit room ) be you warm , Captain ? willard the river be beautiful . in fact , we realize that he be check the boat . 177 willard' Pov . the p.b.r. be under guard by a couple of gaston 's vietnamese . 176 mo . view on willard , roxanne she , think it romantic to talk about the river , come up behind he . roxanne I spend hour watch that river from my bedroom window . it fascinate I . she move she body close to he ; and , in a moment , he be kissing she . 179 close on willard , roxanne one eye steal another look at the p.b.r. 180 view on the p.b.r. two of the guard leave -- two remain , get ready for the long night . 181 view on willard , roxanne - on the terrace his hand wander over she body as she cling to he . then she take he hand , and lead he back into the sit room , and up the stair . 182 int . roxanne's room - full view it be dark . she lead he into she room and close the door . he stand there . in the center of the room be a large canopy bed with mosquito netting hang down over it . the window also have netting and barb wire -- there be a .30 calibre machine gun mount in the far one . he look around . she go over to the bed , and turn down the sheet . then she slip out of she dress and stand there face he . he put down he gun and strip off he shirt . she lay down on the bed and watch he . roxanne I have be lonely here , Captain . he move to she , slip into the bed . m- 16 be lean against the wall in he reach . fade out . 183 ext . roxanne's terrace - night we can view into the room , as willard have silently slip out of she bed , and be a dark sinister figure kneel in final preparation for go out in the night . without a sound , he come out to the terrace , and scale down the wall of the old building , disappear into the darkness . 184 ext . the dock - p.b.r . - night two vietnamese guard the p.b.r. -- suddenly , foot first , the first disappear into the thicket . 185 close view on willard in the thicket ; we realize he have just kill the man with a knife . willard stalk the second guard and make quick work of he with he knife . he even enjoy it . silently , he drag the body out of sight . 186 mo . view on the p.b.r. the dark figure board the boat silently . he disappear into the hold . 187 new view he lift out several case of supplies , work quickly , with a grace that indicate he be a man who have do he best work alone , and at night . CUT to . 188 int . roxanne's room - close shot - willard - morning he sleep soundly alone in the bed - we hear someone move around in the room . he wake suddenly -- pull back to reveal roxanne comb she hair and buttone up she blouse . she notice he be awake and smile . roxanne I will fix you breakfast . he start to get up . willard I be afraid I will not have time -- I gotta -- roxanne whe you reach the boat you will find that half you fifty calibre store -- a case of grenade , a mortar and two m - 16' and a case of clip be be transfer to we by you order . he stop -- seemingly stunne . willard so that 's it . roxanne you may think what you wish , Captain , but I like you very much . she turn to go . willard what if I say no . roxanne then philippe will have to kill all of you . she leave . 189 ext . dock - full shot - willard , other he walk down onto the dock . gaston 's man be transfer ammunition box . gaston be stand with philippe , who be cover the Chief and crew with m - 16' . gaston two of my man desert last night . it happen from time to time . I assume my daughter tell you of we condition . willard you daughter . chief they take half we ammo , Captain -- say it be you order . he pause for a second . willard that 's right -- I do . the Chief spit in the water disgustedly and start the engine . willard look hard at gaston . willard I guess this be what man of war do -- eh ? gaston we endure , captain -- you can blow up the house and we will live in the cellar -- destroy that and we will dig a hole in the jungle and sleep on it . burn the forest and we will hide in the swamp . all the while , we do but one thing -- clean the blood off we bayonet . ( pause ) au revoir , Captain . 190 long shot - dock - p.b.r. willard climb on board and it pull away . 191 ext . p.b.r . - mo . shot - willard , chief the boat roar out across the river . the Chief look over at willard . they stare at each other for a moment . chief next time we get in a good fire fight -- I would like to know how she be , Captain . willard just smile at the Chief . he lean over and pull up a floorboard -- the man stare in amezement ; it contain the content of all that ammo box . .50 calibre ; clip ; grenade . chef Holy shit . clean what do you put in all that ammo box ? willard rock , sand -- that two man who desert . chief when would you do it ? willard while you be sleep . he let the board drop . willard move to the back of the boat . 192 full shot - p.b.r . - river , crew the river have narrow and run swifter -- the water dark and deep . the tree be higher in this area and much of the river be shade on one side . there be no undergrowth , just the tall tree and ferm . they move ahead at half speed , alert , ready for anything . willard ( v.o. ) we move deeper and deeper into the jungle . it be very quiet there . it be like wander on a prehistoric planet , a unknown world ... where the man think they crawle to , I do not know . for I , we crawle toward kurtz -- exclusively . willard look out ahead and point . they all turn they gun in that direction . we pan to reveal a small village of hut along the bank . 193 full shot - different angle - village 194 Pov . of the p.b.r. they pass in front of the village which be rundown and completely desert . the hut be on stilt to avoid the flooding of the river -- they be just skeleton of what they once be . chef ( o.s. ) flood . chief ( o.s. ) no -- most of them be still stand -- might have be disease . willard ( o.s. ) I do not know -- there would still be some sign -- it 's just like the one this morning . dissolve to : 195 Pov boat - full shot - jungle the canopy of tree grow taller and stretch out across the river filter the sun . the forest itself have grow darker and more twisted with fern and creeper . strange bird fly out of the tree as the boat pass -- a huge snake slip along a overhead limb . the depth of the jungle be dark , ominous -- yet cool and strangely invite . 196 full shot - boat - jungle suddenly the river widen , the tree give way to marsh and as they emerge into the light a strange shadow fall upon the boat . it be the shadow cast by a enormous vertical tail section of a B - 52 bomber thrust out from the mud . piece of aluminum hang loosely from it , oxi - dizing in the sun . creeper have already start to grow up around its height -- the jungle be claim it . but once under its shadow , they have pass a gateway . a gateway to paradise . the river widen and the tree at its edge be soft and seductive . the hill beyond be purple and lush . strange orange color water - fowl swim lazily out of they way . the water itself be glass smooth and black as if there be no bottom . the sun be warm and the breeze gentle and lace with wild gardenian . it be indeed the most peaceful valley in all the world and each man look upon it and have never know such a sense of peace and well - be . each man in he heart feel a need to stay -- he soul cry to stop -- stop they madness -- this spiral into hell . here be all that can be have of earth . but no hand move . the boat drift on its own toward a hole at the end of the clear . a hole into the jungle from which a darkness permeat . the boat follow the river into this hole . dissolve to : 197 full shot - p.b.r . - river - dawn the skull loom in the f.g. -- the p.b.r. be pull back about seventy yard -- early morning mist still hang on the water -- as it clear , we see another post and skull on the opposite bank , it be strangely quiet . chief -- all right , lance -- lance 's twin fiftie split the silence as they pour into the skull on the opposite bank -- suddenly there be a tremendous explosion and secondary one from the jungle as shrapnel rip into the jungle and water from claymore mine obviously set to cover the mound of skull . the smoke clear . lance the other one -- willard no -- leave it -- chief why -- Charlie put it there to kill -- willard thta 's not Charlie 's work -- there be silence . willard whoever put them there do not do it to kill people -- they put them up as sign -- chief Signs ? willard yeah -- like keep out -- willard motion -- the Chief accelerate -- they move ahead past the smoking mound . 198 ext . the river - fog - day the p.b.r. push deeper into this mysterious area . mist swell in and around the river , as the boat move into a obscure fog . the Chief cut the engine , and they coast . willard ( v.o. ) toward the night of the fifth day out of do lung Bridge , we judge ourselves about eight mile from kurtz ' base . everything be still , the tree , the creeper , even the brush seem like it have be change into some kind of stone . it be unnatural , like a trance . not a sound could be hear . I begin to think I be deaf -- then the fog come suddenly , and I be blind too . the boat disappear in the thick fog . 199 mo . close on willard we catch glimpsis of he , even though we be close . willard listen . chief what be it ? willard listen . they be silent . we can hear the most ominous SOUND coming from the bank . the groaning , or wailing .. of hundred of men . chief they be on the bank of the river . 200 view on lance frantically , he swing the twin fifty around . lance Jesus ! 201 view on chief we can barely see he -- in and out of the fog . chief no , lance . not while you can not see . 202 view on willard listen . the SOUND be terrible , horrifying . chief will they attack ? willard if they have boat ... or canoe ... they would get lose in the fog . we can not move either -- we will end up on the shore . chef God ... lance sound like hundred of they . willard shhhhhh . the chorus of groans in unbearable . but it be not ahostile cahnt ; or a war chant , but rather the SOUND of human anguish . willard ( continue ) it do not sound hostile -- it sound like they have see we come and it sound like -- I do not know , a funeral . I do not understand . 203 view on lance a glimpse of he , almost in tear . we then see glimpsis , fog move , of all the man on the p.b.r . dissolve to : 204 mo . view - the p.b.r. moving through the thinning mist . the navy craft proceed cautiously . willard ( v.o. ) two hour after the fog lift , we move slowly to a spot we think be roughly a mile and a half below kurtz 's camp . we approach a long sand - bank stretch down the middle of the river . chief which way ? right or leave ? willard who know ? right . chief look pretty shallow . the p.b.r. move toard the right - most channel . chef take a long pole and begin sounding depth . 205 view on willard the man be really tense now -- lance swivel he gun from bank to bank . Chief keep he finger on a m - 16 . willard take out the top secret packet he receive at do lung . tear it open . we move in on he . willard ( read ) upon reach objective . target key personnel and commence operation . should difficulty arise from which extraction be impossible , break radio silence com - sec Command code strong Arm -- indicate purgative air strike -- code -- Street gang. ( pause ) purgative air strike ! purgative ! they would kill I too ! suddenly chef lay out flat on the bow . hundred and hundred of slender stick fly onto the p.b.r. rattling against the boat . chief shit ! Fucking arrow ! they be shoot fuck arrow at we . 206 close on willard look toward the bank . 207 willard' Pov frag of man -- naked limb , arm , breast , glaring eye entangle in the dense jungle gloom . and hundred of pathetic wooden arrow fly out toward they . 208 view on the p.b.r. crazily zig -zagging up the river in the midst of the childish assault . willard steer she right . 209 view on the p.b.r. arrow hit the deck . the man open up everything they have get . lance be firing the two fifty wildly . willard keep go .. keep go . they be just fuck stick ! Chief , stay at the helm . but Chief seem out of control -- he let the clip of he m - 16 go . then slowly let the rifle fall out of he hand , and fall to willard 's foot , a primitive spear have catch he right through the rib . willard look down in horror . 210 view on chief lay at willard 's foot -- the long spear through he , bleed onto willard 's boot . he look up at willard , about to say something . chief a spear ? he die . 211 mo . view on the p.b.r. the man be still crazily firing into the empty jungle long after that who attack beat they retreat . willard stop it . stop it ! slowly he pull he boot from under Chief . they be absolutely soak in blood . he be stunne -- sit down and begin to unlace the bloody boot , and take they off . lance Chief 's dead . willard unlace the other boot , and hold the bloody boot in he hand . willard ( v.o . ) it be the strangest thing -- I do not know that I can explain it . two of my man dead , and all I could think of be whether kurtz be dead too . that 's all I want : to see kurtz , to hear kurtz . he start to wipe the blood off the boot . willard ( v.o. ) ( continue ) somehow , in the middle of this ... carnival , kurtz have grow into something -- a gift officer ; a great man . somehow , he be the only light in this hopeless , hopeless darkness . and now I be too late -- he be probably go , disappear ... by a grenade roll into he tent -- or by some spear on the head . Christ , I feel like howling like that animal in the fog . 212 ext . the boat at marina del rey - night the people at Charlie 's cocktail party on the boat . some flashbulb be go off . some people be dance to the music . our view move slowly toward willard , on the edge of the party . willard ( v.o. ) here they be in Los Angeles . everything be safe . there 's a supermarket around the corner , the police station around the other . it would seem ridiculous to they that I be shot to hell because I have lose the privilege of listen to the mysterious Colonel kurtz . ( pause ) of course I be wrong . he be wait for I . kurtz be alive and he be wait for I . dissolve to : 213 ext . the river - p.b.r. day the p.b.r. move up the river . the man be practically in a trance now , look at the bank of the river . they do nt even make a effort to touch they weapon . 214 what they see hundred and hundred of montagnard native -- dress in the most ornate and primitive manner : feather , part of bird and animal ; cod-piece -- all in body and face paint of the most savage nature . but there be a purity about they , man and boy , stand passively watch the small navy craft fly the strange flag of red , white and blue . 215 view on the p.b.r. the man of the crew be not the same man who begin this voyage . they manner be lifeless as though in a trance . the various decoration and paraphenelia that they have pick up along the way seem oddly relevant to the savage that stand before they . the chef have make a hat of birdfeather ; lance 's face have be paint with mud under the eye to block the glare of the sun . he wear certain animal skin ; trinket ; some animal tooth . they uniform have be tear and patch throughout the difficult journey . they start to move to they gun position . willard just stand here with I where they can see we . do nothing . 216 view from behind the p.b.r. moving slowly toward the fantastic human wall of feather and war paint , stand on canoe across the river . the man on the crew stand in a group , they hand visibly without weapon . the native stand across the river make no hostile gesture as they approach . they accept the small boat move toward they with a sort of inevi- tability . the boat move closer , approach the wall of feather -- which slowly and automatically give away , in almost a ritual of birth , undulate , allow the little boat to penetrate . 217 view on willard mus on he face ( to protect it from the sun ) , the palm of some jungle vegetation protect he head , he look something like atribal chieftan himself . his intuition be right . he sense that they would be allow to pass . 218 full view on the river hundred of montagnard who have be lining the river now run , absolutely silently , along the bank , keep pace with the p.b.r . there be no hostility in this face , only curiosity and a sort of grief . 219 view on willard , the crew they look up toward the bank . 220 there Pov the temple at nu mung BA , a fortify encampment , build around the ruin of a former cambodian civilization . Stone wall , barb wire , crack pyramid and row and row of escher-like sandbag arrange in a endless maze around the fortress . 221 view on willard he pick up he field glass and look through . 222 willard be Pov - through glass a sign entangle in the barb wire -- its lettering strict and military : FOURTH special force mission F - 82 nu mung BA the glass Pov move revealing another sign write in a wild psychedelic hand . our motto : apocalypse now ! the Pov of the glass move once again and come upon a astonished sight , a black man dress in a tatter of color fabric , feather , and a Australian bush hat . he look something like a multi-color harlequin wave frantically to the p.b.r . the Pov of the glass move off of he . 223 view on willard not believe what he 's just see . 224 the glass Pov once again the young black man be now wave he Australian hat . 225 view on the p.b.r. willard shout out to the starnge greeter . willard we have be attack . australian ( shouting back ) I know , I know , it 's all right . come in this way . it 's mine over there . this way . it 's all right . willard look at chef who be at the helm . he shrug and they do as this man say . the p.b.r. move towards the water 's edge where there be a dock cover with concertina wire . the odd Australian stand wave he hat , guide they safely in . a thick greasy smoke hang from fire that burn near the fort ; fresh shell crater indicate a recent battle . near the dock there be a tangle clump of corpse -- half sub - merge in the water . other pile of body lie about , some of they on fire . Fire literally burn from out of the ground . chef nod at the body . chef Charlie ? willard look that way . chef ( look at the Australian ) who 's he ? willard God know . the boat pull up . the Australian harlequin hop on board ; the crew regards he with they dark face splat - tere with mud and blood . willard ( continue ) who the hell be you ? australian moonby . get any winston ? willard moonby what ? australian moonby , 4th battalion , Royal Australian regiment , Task Force . ex - corporal moonby , desert . willard ( incredulously , indicate the hundred of native ) what be this ? moonby oh , they be simple enough people . it 's good to see you , baby . nobody have any winston ? chef automatically offer moonby a Winston . moonby this boat 's a mess . willard where 's kurtz ? I want to talk to he . moonby oh , you do not talk to Colonel kurtz . ( he puff , then smile ) you listen to he . God , this be good . I keep this people off you , you know . it be not easy . willard why do they attack we ? moonby simple . they do not want he to go . willard you be Australian ? moonby pre-australian , actually . but I would dig goin ' to California . I be California dreamin' . willard ( almost to himself ) so kurtz be alive . moonby kurtz . I tell you , that man have enlarge my mind . he open he arm wide , to indicate the breadth of he mind 's expansion . moonby ( continue ) but lemme tell you , he be the most dangerous thing in every way that I have come on so far . he want to shoot I . the first thing he say be , ' I be go to shoot you because you be a deserter . ' I say I do not desert from you army , I desert from my army . he say , ' I be go to shoot you just the same . ' willard why do not he shoot you ? moonby I have ask myself that question . I say to myself , why do not he shoot I ? he do not shoot I , because I have a stash like you would not believe . I hide it in the jungle ; the wealth of the orient : marijuana -- hashish -- opium -- cocaine -- uncut heroin ; the gold of the Golden triangle . and acid -- I make koolaid that make purple owsley come on like piss . now I be kurtz ' own disciple -- I listen he talk . about everything ! everything . I forget there 's such a thing as sleep . everything . of love , too . chef Love ? moonby oh , no , not what you think ... cosmic love . he make I see thing -- thing , you know . the whole time moonby be chatter on , willard have pick up he field glass and scan the fortress . 226 willard be Pov - through the field glass Men in small group , huddle over food . now he settles on the entrance in the temple . there be stake in front , and on top of they be horrible shrunken head . 227 back to scene willard sound like he 's go crazy . moonby no , Colonel kurtz could not be crazy -- if you hear he talk , just last week , you would never think he be crazy . willard be that where he be ? by the shrunken head . moonby that head , yes . well , the rebel ... willard ( to he man ) we be go ashore . tie she up -- and leave you gun up , lance . lance what ? willard bring you rifle , that 's all . ( look at moonby ) take we to he . moonby right on -- he 's be wait for -- willard and shut up . moonby nod and shrug , and hop off the p.b.r. willard and the man follow . 228 moving view - willard , moonby and the crew as they proceed closer to the fortress - temple , man appear where a moment before there be only jungle . they be mostly montagnard , but far more savage look than any we have see before . they wear only loinclothes and bandolier of ammunition . they body be paint in strange pattern . they carry Army m - 16' , Russian AK - 47 's and a wide variety of knife and club . woman emerge from the brush as well . they be armed and equally primitive look . intersperse among they be a few taller man with paler skin , with the remnant of Army insignia on they . the paint on they body be , if anything more bizarre . we continue to move across the entire group up to the stone gate of the fort , where thirty or so more be see silhouett against the sky . willard and he man look up at people more primitive and more savage than any since the time of Captain cook . they encounter , in the center of the group , what once appear to have be a american . he be tall , gaunt , wear a flak jacket , but be otherwise naked , save a loincloth . his face be darken from dirt , battle smoke , strange camouflage pattern . his hair and beard be long , matte with mud and grease . he carry a AK - 47 decorate with scalp and human ear . willard approach this beast , who seem shy and retire . willard who be you ? moonby ( break in ) his name be ... willard I be not ever goin ' to tell you to shut up again . moonby shut up . the man try to speak , but nothing come out . he be dumbstrucked at see they , as they be to see he . man colby . exec. officer , a-team ... special force . F - 82 -- Col. walter kurtz , commanding . willard what happen here ? colby what -- happen here . willard Charlie ? colby NVA regular . they be come again tonight . Tet -- they big -- assault . willard be the man in the middle -- he do not know what to say to this man , but he understand the force that pound he . he take he arm . 229 reverse on colby look at willard , not understanding . 230 reverse on willard six month later , and he and colby would be identical . willard I be take you back . moonby slap himself in the head with he hand . moonby oh , no , do nt say that . colby take we back . take we back ! but , the operation -- the team . Colonel kurtz have such plan for -- the team . willard take I to he , Major . colby start , and then , see the shrunken head on pole , he turn , agitate , to willard : colby I have nothing to do with this operation -- I do not do the plan -- none of we do . it be all Colonel kurtz -- he be the genius . you will see -- the genius of we Colonel . he should be make a General , do not you think ? a General ? it 's ... suddenly , frighten , he stop . without look willard know that kurtz be stand behind he . he turn . kurtz have step out from he headquarters : he be a powerful man , though obviously very ill . he slowly attempt to pull the remnant of he uniform together , though it be rip and bloody , and now combine with primitive ornament designate he a tribal chief , as well as he U.S.A . Colonel 's insignia . he be feverish , with long blonde hair and beautiful feature . his eye almost hypnotize . his midsection be bandage from what seem to be a serious wound . 232 view on willard this be not what he expect . he be quiet , and then , automatically , he come to a attention . willard Colonel kurtz , I guess . kurtz I be kurtz . willard ( he salute ) Captain b.l. willard report he presence , sir . 233 view on kurtz look at he a long time . then he return the salute , and simply : kurtz at ease ... ( pause , as he regards he ) sit down . 234 mo . view there be , of course , no chair or anything like a chair . but behind and around he , kurtz 's man begin to sit on the ground , cross-legged . finally , willard sit as well . then kurtz do . moonby light a joint , and pass it respectfully to kurtz -- throughout the scene , the joint be pass from man to man , ritualistically . kurtz ( slowly ) why do you come to ... my province . willard we be attack -- down river . we need supplies and medical help . kurtz you be not come here , to see I ? willard ( find it more and more difficult to go on with this lie ) no -- no , sir . kurtz you come up my river -- in that small boat . so simple . I always think the final justice would come from the sky , like we do . ( pause ) you be the final justice , be not you ? willard what do you mean , Colonel ? kurtz ( gently ) what other reason could you have come ? a Captain . Ranger . paratrooper . Graduate of the recondo School . be I right about this thing ? willard you know you be right . there be a clear , incredible intelligence about this man . kurtz then the Agency approach you . maybe in a bar in quinon or pleiku . simple . a year 's pay for one life . perhaps a village elder , or a tax collector . nobody 's order but you own . excite work . 235 close on willard he remain silent . 236 close on kurtz he smile . kurtz you have spend tome at the Royal track School of Malaysia . I can tell from the way the lace on you boot be tie . I understand you , Captain . we understand each other . there be a long pause , as the two man regard each other . then willard reach to he holster .45 -- withdraw it , and place it on the dirt before kurtz , as a act assure kurtz that he be not a assasin . willard do you know I ? kurtz yes . kurtz reach down ; take the .45 -- and without another word or gesture , shoot and kill a man . kurtz ( continue ) do you know I ? he throw the .45 back on the dirt . rise , and walk back into the cavernous headquarters behind the shrunken head . moonby scamper off after he , a respectful distance behind . even willard be stunne . chef Holy shit . 237 ext . kurty outpost - full view - twilight dotte with campfire ; montagnard family -- it be like a primitive civilization . 238 view by the temple wall willard be alone by a campfire -- he m - 16 lean by a wall next to he . he be exhaust . lance sleep by the fire , a little distance away . chef approach , crouch down . chef Captain -- they have be probe all this week -- cong and NVA regular . there 's gonna be a big offense any time . willard I know . lance stir ; start to wake up . chef what be we do here ? willard kurtz . I be suppose to kill he , just like he say . kurtz yeah , I can see that . he 's fuckin nut -- willard yeah . chef he kill that guy without feel anything . willard not a thing . chef when you kill cong , do not you feel something . willard sure. ( think ) recoil ... I feel the recoil of my rifle . willard rise . chef look at he , confuse and frighten . 239 full shot - wall - willard , chef , lance willard walk along the top of a thick wall -- sandbagge and dig out every so often for a m - 60 or a mortar emplacement . Wild look savage man this gun , and seem to bow to willard as he pass . willard this be good -- triple overlap field of fire -- wall so thick ordinary artillery just clean the moss off they surface . a woman tentatively move to willard , bow , and then run off to she bunker . we be tracking with they as they move past the group of people , huddle by they fire ... man , woman and child . skull , shrunken and otherwise hang from every hut -- adorn every sandbagge bunker -- dry scalp hang from barb wire . a child be chew on a big piece of almost raw meat . willard ( continue ) I have do thing , when I be alone in the jungle -- that I never tell anyone about . they continue past amount where the shattered wreck of half a helicopter be lay . it have be alter and fortify with sandbag and concertina wire . the wreck lay on its side so that a 7.62 mini-gun that be mount there stick up above the sandbag . the emplacement be build on amound so the gun command a clear field of fire into the jungle beyond . some Americans , barely recognizible because of they beard and savage manner , sit near the gun . several montagnard child giggle at they foot and play with bayonet . chef this be evil -- evil , Captain . we be all gonna die here . willard yeah , I know . chef I do not get it -- you say you mission be to kill he . let 's do it , a ' get we ass outta here . this kurtz be ruin the war ; I mean , this do not look good for America ! willard ( lose in he thought ) ... he 's a amazing officer . chef you get to kill this sonuvabitch -- lance and I , we do n't understand none of this -- Jesus , Captain -- I do not wanna die here -- do it quick . lance just stand there ; he eye vacant .. he sort of nod , suck a joint . willard yeah . I know . he think . 240 int . kurtz headquarters - night view from inside -- willard approach the stake with the shrunken head . chef and lance with he . willard step in -- lance and the chef crouch outside , wait . 241 willard' view a austere stone savern in the temple : kurtz 's head - quarter . electric light hang in odd contrast to the ancient stone . we see what be leave of the map and other military chart -- they have be tack up on big board , but have now fall into decaye disuse . there be other indication of the modern headquarters this have be . now all that thing be no longer impor - tant . kurtz sit alone , slump back in a wicker chair . there be a large wooden plan table next to he , with map , lamp and apile of debris that be practically garbage . there be native decoration to ward off evil spirit ; and graffiti on the stone wall , thing range fromm " viet nam , love it or leave it " to quote of nietzsche " nothing be true -- everything be permit . " moonby , who have be crouching in a corner , move to willard . moonby he 's asleep -- do not bother he . kurtz I be awake . willard step in closer . kurtz look to moonby . kurtz ( continue ) you . get out . moonby hesitates -- not want to leave he alone with willard . kurtz ( continue ; suddenly ) I say get the fuck out ! ( to himself ) I be go to kill the little weirdo myself tomorrow . ( he show some pain when move he midsection ) he 's only stay alive this long because he 's a good orderly and medic . he know how to use a hypodermic . willard you be gonna get hit tonight , bad -- a whole regiment of NVA regular . kurtz that 's right , the little gook - prick . but they be noble little gook - prick , noble . because they fight with they gut , like animal . and for a idea ! that 's rich . we fight with ingenious machine and fire , like god , and for nothing . but I will call in a major blotto airstrike tonight . we will have ourselves a helluva airstrike tonight , a lightshow . how do you like the Doors ' : ' C 'mon baby Light my Fire ... ' willard shrug . kurtz ( continue ) do you ? willard yeah , I like it ... kurtz I love it . he rest back , grin . willard you have go crazy . kurtz ( angrily ) no . my think be clear . ( calmly ) but my soul have go mad . suddenly kurtz be seize with a terrible pain from he stomach wound . he groan horribly , clutching at it . he literally fall from he chair onto the dirt floor . kurtz ( continue ) my gut -- oh , Christ , my gut ! willard lean over he ; check the seriousness of the wound . 242 ext . the headquarters - night lance be crouching by the stone entrance -- chef lean in , witness the proceedings inside . chef ( mutter ) kill he -- come on , why do not you kill he 243 int . the headquarters - mo , view - kurtz and willard - night willard examine the wound . kurtz ( in pain ) oh shit -- on the table ; morphine . willard move to the table , open the medical packet . he take out a morphine capsule , lean over the writhe kurtz and inject he with the drug . kurtz ( continue ; look up in pain ) you see how stupid it would have be to blow out my brain ? I be die from the gut anyway . willard quickly prepare another shot . kurtz , truly frighten , hold up he hand . kurtz ( continue ) no -- I do not want to sleep . I want to think . Water . give I water . willard you can not have water after morphine . kurtz still play by the rule . ( almost affectionately ) you be a damn good kiler . willard ( still hold the second morphine ) how 's the pain ? kurtz how 's yours ? willard I can handle it . kurtz pain be easy to handle -- but nobility .. the nobility of a man be judge by how much Truth he can handle . willard what Truth ? kurtz the truth that you be send here to murder I , and so far you have not do it . and do you know why ? ( look at he ) yes , you know why . ( he look ) you mission make about as much sense as that idiot who send you on it . asshole ! schmuck ! how long do it take you to figure out that nobody know what they be do here . ( coldly ) except I . he rest back . the drug be beginning to take effect . kurtz ( continue ) gimme water . willard no water . kurtz you know what you be do ? you be interfere with my plan ! he crawl in pain toward the canteen willard watch he impassively . kurtz ( continue ) this water 's get moonby 's acid in it -- he drink sloppily from the canteen , water spilling all over . then he throw the canteen to willard . kurtz ( continue ) drink it -- drink it for tonight . think of it . a whole regiment of that shitty little cong -- war. total war -- war like you have never know it . it 's beautiful -- you will love it . trust I . 244 ext . the headquarters - mo . view - lance and chef - night we can see into the headquarters : kurtz offer the canteen to willard . chef be terrify -- lance be stone out . chef lance -- the fucker 's not gonna do it . kurtz goddamn -- you have gotta dig napalm on speed , too . it 's spectacular , you will see . lance stand up hold he m - 16 , look into the cavern with chef . 245 int . headquarters - night willard stand there , hold the morphine needle in he hand . kurtz look into the jungle . you can not -- it 's too terrible . you have to smear yourself with warpaint to look at it -- you have to be a cannibal . ( whisper ) that 's why warpaint be invent . then it become you jungle . willard shoot himself in the arm with the morphine . willard how do we get here ? kurtz because of all the thing we do , the thing we do best -- be lie . willard I think think a lie stink . kurtz oh Captain , that be so true . willard stink . I could never figure -- ( he drink from the canteen ) I could never figure how they can teach boy how to bomb village with napalm -- and not let they write the word ' fuck ' on they airplane . willard drink more of the lsd water . kurtz ( angrily ) you could never figure it because it do not make sense . willard fuck no . kurtz I will tell you what make sense ! Air strike ! White phosphorus ! napalm ! we will bomb the shit out of they if they do not do what we want . willard we will exterminate the fucker ! chef step into the headquarters -- he be terrify . he draw he bayonet . chef Captain -- kill he . kurtz think of it -- for year , million of year , savage with pathetic paint face be scared shitless that fire would rain down from the sky . and goddamn , we make it happen . God bless Dow ! chef kill he ! chef rush at kurtz with he bayonet -- instinctively , willard gun he -- then there be additional automatic FIRE . chef be be riddled by bullet . 246 view on lance he have let loose with he m - 16 at chef , like some sort of mindless , program killer . lance ( firing ) hot damn ! then hes top -- chef fall to the dirt -- there be a instant of silence , then : 247 ext . of the temple at nu mung BA - night the door begin light my FIRE , loud and overwhelming , as illuminate flare light up the blackness . 248 mo . close view of enormous loudspeaker protect behind spiral of razor - sharp concertina wire . light my FIRE be blast out to the enemy , poise to attack . 249 another loudspeaker cannibal - paint man in savage decoration wait . Bay - onet be fix . Men be stone to acid , inject speed , sniff cocaine , eat grass , smoking hashish in water pipe . one look up to the sky . 250 eis view a rocket illuminate the sky , strobing , as in a psyche - delic hallucination . 251 view on the soldier soldier wow ... another behind he be chant the word napalm softly t himself . 252 mo . view on the gate willard stride out of the darkness , into the position around the gate . he look like a magnificent warrior -- genghis . all the man : montagnard , fierce Americans , even the savage man of the p.b.r. crew either bow , salute or kneel before willard . the color pulsate around the edge of the image , red and green , mauve and purple . we see lance ; wait , with he weapon -- garland of tooth around he neck , he face paint . 253 full view - montage enemy artillery blasting away at the fortress . 254 close shot - a mortar a hand drop a shell and it fire . 255 close shot - rocket launcher it fire . explosion around the fort , red and orange and blue and green . they hit and grow , outward like some sort of cosmic flower . 256 close shot - a flame -thrower ( on tank ) shoot out a stream of burn napalm that look like a death ray gun , radiating outward with ice- blue energy . 257 shot on loudspeaker blast out music . 258 mo . close view on young soldier with the music , like that people you see listen to radio in they car . 259 shot on the command bunker - willard , kurtz , other ( in slow motion ) shell whistle in and explode on the wall in the compound . the man behind they be set up rocket launcher ( missile ) . everywhere metal and rock and flame fly and it be beautiful to see . willard look through the infra-re sniper scope . 260 willard - infra -red Pov strange , luminescent image of North vietnamese approach - ing the outer perimeter . thousands of they . 261 full shot on kurtz kurtz mini-gun . colby . sergeant . mini-gun . 262 mo . shot - mini - gun a sergeant in feathered head - piece and wildly paint operate the mini-gun with several native helper . shell burst around they . when they FIRE the SOUND be incredibly loud and steady like a high -pitch foghorn . a solid stream of molten lead seem to pour into the darkness as 7000 round a minute rip into the enemy . the pass of the lead reach out in beautiful pattern as the ser - geant sweep the area . the sergeant laugh maniacally as the gun resume firing , right up to the moment he be blow to eternity by a all - engulf 105 mm shell . 263 view on willard exhilated , and move with the music . willard napalm . colby push a row of plunger : advance nvas il - luminate by napalm drum , phosphorescent napalm explode beautiful , like a magnificent firework . 264 view on kurtz kurtz claymore , claymore . the SOUND distorted of tremendous howling explosion penetrate the track of light my FIRE one after another . kurtz 's face be illuminate by each of this . his face seem to change from one grotesgue primitive face to another , as though the whole history mankind be evolv - ing in front of we . the scream of maim and dismember man almost pene - trates the incredibly loud music and we hear kurtz 's man laughing and scream in delight . kurtz look out over the field of slaughter . 265 full shot - NVA charge through wire and claymore glass , each wilder and more extreme . they burn in the pool of luminescent napalm but press relentlessly on . shell burst overhead . they chant to themselves as they advance . NVA have reach the wall and throw down scale ladder and start up . suddenly the sky be bright with flare which produce weird psychedelic light . blare out at tremendous vol - ume over and above the din of battle be light my FIRE . 266 full shot - wall - everybody the Americans and montagnard stand up scream . spur by music , they charge up . m - 16 's in both hand , blast , kick , bayonete , gouging , splittin throat , bite neck , both side collide in the utter and most horrible savagery . 267 mo . shot - willard stand on the wall blasting as body fall around he ; he thrust he bayonet into one attacker , remove it with a foot and stab another . from he he take he ak47 and blast more as they come . 268 mo . shot - lance the VC rush he position . willard trip a claymore that blast most of they to shread . more fill in . lance open up full automatic . willard and lance move down to the nest wall , firing , body tumble over . lance be catch in a crossfire and hit several time . he pull himself up -- fire a final burst and then fall under the enemy 's foot . 269 view on moonby see this and scamper off into the jungle , mutter madly to himself . 270 mo . view - willard at the r.t. shouting into the radio willard code -- Street gang -- Street gang ! purgative air strike ; Street gang ! he turn and run back through the compound with the recede montagnard . shell be exploding everywhere . the light pattern be fantastic . Men fall , viet break over the wall and charge . they crouch and rip into they full automatic . they break the charge and continue cut they way through the NVA mass like torch through metal . 271 full shot - command post - kurtz kurtz watch as invader swarm through he domain . woman and child rush upon he now . kurtz flick some switch - es and the whole north wall explode in overwhelming FIRE . the gate be uproote . the stone lion tumble , crush man below . kurtz cock a m - 16 and walk off the bunker . 272 view on willard watch this spectacle . 273 mo . shot - different angle - kurtz he round the shadow wall . kurtz see a group of viet and rush up and prepare a machine gun mount . they do not see he . he brace the gun at he side and step out . kurtz ( yell ) Charles ! they stagger and fall , shattered and bleed , save one who 's merely lose he weapon . kurtz look at he , he gun empty . he drop it and flip open the flap of he holster . the viet soldier go for he pistol . kurtz beat he to the draw and bloe he into the night . he move over to pick up the NVA light machine gun . holding it at he hip , he stand atop one of the ruin wall and fire into the mass . his native man see he and rush for the chance to die beside he . they be quickly encircle by onrush viet and be be overrun . the machine gun jam and kurtz grab a rifle . when it 's empty and the bayonet be off he wield it as a club . 274 mo . shot - low angle - kurtz take swing with he rifle , stand atop the wall and batter the oncoming enemy like davy crockett at the alamo . 275 full view - the fortress the air strike hit with all its force . ball and rain of fire sweep down on the temple , the enemy , everything . it be the biggest firework show in history . the wall kurtz be stand on , and he fall with it . willard see this and make he way toward he as the air strike continue . all around we be a spectacle of music and light and fire and overwhelming color . 276 tracking shot on willard follow kurtz 's trail in the mud . he have crawle on all four back into the jungle to die . he stalk kurtz into the jungle ; move around and cut off the crawl kurtz kurtz go away -- hide yourself . willard what be you do ? kurtz go back - to the jungle to die . willard I be take you back . you can still live . kurtz I have immense plan . willard I be gonna get you out of here . kurtz I be on threshold of great thing . willard sling kurtz 's bleed body around he neck , hold he hand , drag hom through the jungle . the spectacle continue in the b.g. 277 ext . the p.b.r . - the river this wreck of a boat be still afloat . willard crawl out of the jungle , carry the die kurtz and manage to get he onto the boat . 278 extreme full shot the spectacle of total psychedelic war : the fortress of nu mung ba . fade out . fade in . 279 ext . the temple - morning the entire temple be devastation . vulture by the hundred circle overhead . there be a few survivor . everywhere be smoke and heaps of body . colby , a sergeant , and some montagnard sit near they . they eye be red and glaze , they jaw hang slack and they tumble occasionally . they stagger away from the field of slaughter . willard look down and see something . move over to it , kick several body away and in the f.g. below be lance , dead . colby stumble over . willard hold lance up by he hair . colby who be he ? willard he be the tragedy -- the tragedy of this war . CUT to : 280 the p.b.r. batter , move slowly down the river . 281 tighter view colby be at helm . kurtz lie feverish , delirious . willard sit by he . as the boat move , montagnard , that leave alive , come and pay they respects by the riverbank . colby take a automatic weapon and fire it into the air . some of the native move in terror , frighten of he . the battle be not over . kurtz do not . do not frighten they away . willard look down at he . willard so you understand this ? kurtz look up at he , past he with fury , long in he eye . there be a slight smile . kurtz do I not ? 282 ext . river - mo . view the boat move as though naturally carry by the river . kurtz my river ... my people ... my jungle ... my idea ... my country ... my wife ... ( he look at willard ) ... my death . willard you have immense plan ... immense plan ... kurtz yes ... willard I be take you back . kurtz look up to he , then a expression of overwhelming intense and hopeless terror , hopeless despair . a whisper at some image , at some vision , he cry out twice , a cry that be no more than a breath . kurtz the horror , the horror . we hear the distant SOUND of helicopter approach . the SOUND of rotors in the distance . they look up , craning they eye at the sky . colby point . colby there . over the jungle mountain the small formation of medevac helicopter hoop toward they . colby ( continue ) how do they know ? willard they must have see the fire . the helicopter be closer now but high up . two of they break off , spiraling in toward US . colby they be come to rescue we . they're medevac . 283 close shot on willard he stare up at the sky . willard ( to himself ) they be come to take we back . copter directly overhead . willard ( continue ) yeah . colby Colonel kurtz , he 's dead . willard yeah . he raise he m - 16 and fire the entire clip at the ap - proaching rescue helicopter . 284 full shot - the copter it frantically pour on the power and wheel up to the sky . 285 full shot - willard , colby willard yeah . colby take he rifle and join willard in firing at the retreate american helicopter . 286 helicopter be Pov - on the boat the man in the boat firing at US as we fly further into the air , the boat get smaller and smaller . willard ( v.o. ) ... do not remember a lot about my rehabilitation ... but I be send back to the world before the fall of saigon ... 287 ext . marina del ray - extreme high angle - night moving down back to the pleasure boat at the marina . pause . willard be very silent . willard I never answer question about kurtz -- I give they a few of he unimportant papers -- but for the most part I save everything . there be other letter , personal one write earlier to he wife . I bring they to het . I watch the fall of saigon on television in a bar in alameda ... 289 ext . california neighborhood - day a bright clear day in a scrubbed - clean California neigh - borhood . some kid be play in the street . willard , year later , dress as a civilian , proceed past the lawn to the attractive home , carry a packet under he arm . he pass a lanky , young teen - age boy work on a motor-scooter . willard look at he . the boy look back . willard hi. then the door open , and kurty wife be stand at the door . she be still beautiful , blonde , and dress in mourn even though she do not wear black . there be a sense of purity about she , though she be not young . kurty wife come in , Captain willard . he enter . 289 int . kurty home - day everything good and secure and desirable about America . she stand in the center of the room , a little nervous . kurty wife can I get anything for you ? there be picture of kurtz , not too many ... but he be there in the various stage of he career . then she sit suddenly , and willard sit by she . kurty wife ( continue ) do you know he very well ? willard you get to know each other pretty well out there . kurty wife and you admire he ? willard he be a remarkable man . it be impossible not to -- kurty wife Love he ... yes , it be true . that 's the hard part for I ... I know he better than anyone ... I know he best . willard you know he best . kurty wife you be he friend ... you must have be , if he have give you this ... ( the packet ) if he send you to he home . he be the best this country have -- he be -- willard yes , I know ... kurty wife I will never get over it -- but I will always remember he ... willard both of we ... kurty wife Men look up to he ... ( she lose herself in a think ) he die as he live ... willard his death be -- yes , he die as he live . kurty wife be you with he , when ... willard yes I be ... he say he last word to I . pause . 290 mo . close shot on willard a little of the madness be still with he . he know what she will ask . kurty wife what be they ? 291 mo . close shot on kurty wife kurty wife tell I . 292 mo . close on willard remember that incredible day move down the river . we view loosen kurty wife tell I what he say . kurtz ( v.o. ) the horror ! the horror ! willard he speak of you , mar 'am . he sit there look at she . 293 ext . tight high angle on the marina del rey boat the cocktail party be break up . willard be one of the few guest leave . we move from willard stand alone on the deck of the boat . move back through the depart guest . Charlie be get ready to leave himself . we move closer to willard . dissolve to : 294 ext . the river - p.b.r . - day the boat float down the river . kurtz 's body ; a exhaust - ed , half - dead colby . and holding kurtz , willard . we hear the door ' " the end " as we present the end title . fade out . the end