april fool's day written by danilo bach rev 1st draft July 30 , 1986 fade in ext . ferry landing - new england shore - day the sparkling water . the chirp spring day . we be on a isolate stretch of country shore , and a quiet , shelter island be visible distantly across the sound . there be asense of anticipation , excitement . voice can be hear . the camera be the Pov of a video camera , and a group of college kid wait just o.s . on -screen , however , for the moment , a proper , sweet - face young coed face the camera and -- reluctantly , under the urging of she friend behind the video lens - - set the scene . sweet coed ( shyly ) hi ... my name be Mary o'reilly O'Toole o' Shea and ... over there be the island my friend muffy own ... it 's spring break ... and she 's invite we over for the weekend , and we be wait for the ferry now to take we there ... ( blush , mortify to cameraman ) I do not know what else to say ! cameraman ( chaz' voice ) tell we something about yourself . sweet coed something about myself ? oh , gee ... ( compose herself , earnestly ) well , I want to work with handicapped child ... my parent be my best Friends ... next semester I start convent school , and I ... fuck on the first date . o.s. she friend explode with laughter . brassy former deb nikki brashear give we a big , wet wink , drop the act . sweet coed / nikki April fool ... chaz' voice whoo ! outrageous woman ! nikki , you be my kind o' gal ! he pan the camera over to kit -- a pretty , unaffected , natural beauty , bright and very much aware . chaz' voice c'mon , kit , how about you ? kit wave he off , laugh in spite of herself . she 's get nothing to say . kit pass . chaz' voice c'mon , arch ? skip ? he pan over to the other two college boy on the dock here - arch , a big , good -nature , easygoing wasp jock ( rugby and crew ) ; and skip , Mr. preppy , the perfect image of the lazy spoiled , indulge , and reckless upper-crust kid . skip also happen to be muffy 's cousin . arch ( ponder it with due consideration ) yeah , sure ... I fuck on the first date ... skip crack up . arch 's laughter follow . nikki ( o.s. ) where 's Rob ? chaz quick - pan the camera back to kit , follow the action . chaz' voice ( teasing , with innuendo ) yeah , kit , where be he ? arch ( o.s. ) ( more teasing ) oh , kit ... concerned , kit keep she humor anyway , wave the lens away again . kit oh , c'mon , chaz , give I some room , will you ? he do , finally shutting down the videopak . the image revert to film again . nikki ( look at she , persist ) well ? int . volvo wagon in motion - MAIN highway - day CUT to : the driver -- a still great - look , turn - out fairfield County - type suburban lady -- and the passenger , rob ferris a cleancut , goodlook , 20 year old public school grad ­sit in uncomfortable silence on opposite end of the front seat . rob ( gesture , awkwardly ) here will be fine , thanks ... ext . highway intersection - day the volvo wagon pull over . Rob drag out he daypack , too . rob ( abashed ) thanks ... for the lift , I mean ... suburban lady ( smile , no reason for disappointment ) it be a real lift for I , too , hon . a late model Detroit sedan slow at the intersection , turn off the highway to take the junction in the direction Rob be go . a road sign indicate : " bar harbor mount desert " in another direction . Rob heft he gear , hurry to flag the sedan . the volvo wagon continue on , brake for the next undergraduate male hitchhike down the road . int . kitchen - ST . JOHN house - day close on a wall calendar . a hand reach into frame , tear off " MARCH " to begin " april " . widen to reveal clara , the middle - age housekeeper and offseason caretaker for the house . with she overcoat and purse on one arm , she drop the " MARCH " calendar page in a wastebasket , then cross to the pantry where a door and wooden step lead down to the basement . clara ( calling ) the room be all in order , double - and triple - check , and I be on my way ... she hear a clatter from down below . int . basement - day muffy ST . JOHN drag a woman 's body across the floor . the arm come off in she hand . muffy shit . clara' voice need any help down there ? Clara come clopping down the step . muffy turn , the mannequin 's arm still in she hand . Old workclothes and a head kerchief take the place of muffy 's normally impeccable prep Seven sister outfit ( include the regulation penny loafer ) in all this dust . early 20' , pretty in a off - beat sort of way , muffy be every inch a blue-blood . muffy ( puffing with the effort ) no , Clara , thanks . just try some last minute straighten down here ... god , I do not think I have ever work so hard in my life ...! clara sure you do not want I to stay ? there 's nobody gonna be around here to help till first ferry back Monday , y'know ... muffy ( continue with she work ) nope , you be a peach , Clara . but this one 's mine . I tell my father I would do it , and I will . my way . I do not want he to have any excuse . clara ( dubiously , turn to go ) all right , then . have a nice party . muffy ( a buoyant laugh ) Nice ? it have to be better than nice ... it 's gotta be bloody unforgettable ! Clara climb the stair . clara good luck . muffy ( cont ) bye , Clara . see you Monday . soon there 's the upstairs SOUND of the kitchen door close behind Clara . muffy finally prop the mannequin , clear away the remain clutter . she go to open a basement window for ventilation . it be a ground - level transom , hinge at the top . through it Clara be visible depart the grounds . then muffy hear a dripping . she turn , hesitate , and follow the sound . int . utility room part of the basement , a old washroom and more , with tub , slop sink and large incinerator . muffy enter , pull the chain on the bare , overhead bulb . it illuminate the room , and the tub underneath -- slightly rusty at the drain , but otherwise spotless -- and the slowly drip faucet . ext . ferry landing - mainland - day chaz , the videocameraman and the only member of the group we have not see till now , be the first to spot the ferry approach . chaz here she come ... he 's a real hi-tech freak and ivy League wiseass , a free spirit in neo - punk neck curl and button-down shirt . he shoulder he lightweight videopak again , taping it . arch and skip watch with he from the end of the pier . but kit and nikki , wait nearer the office , be distract by the SOUND of a arrive car . angle - parking lot it 's not Rob , though . it 's nan , another newcomer . she pull she car next to the other in the gravel lot behind the landing office and - get out quickly , drag a hefty suitcase out of the back seat . she be a unfamiliar face to kit and nikki -- a shy , earnest , small - town girl , overdress for the occasion . nan ( hurried ) hi ... be this the ferry to the St. John house ? nikki I any second now . nan oh , thank goodness ! I do not know if I be on the right road ... kit smile welcome , lend a hand as nan struggle the bag up the ramp . kit hi. kit Graham ... nikki brashear . nan nan youngblood . nikki ( needle , about the suitcase ) Planning on stay a while ? nan ( flush , embarrassed ) oh , no ... just some work for final , when we get back ... you do not know how far behind I be ... arch outhustle chaz for she bag . her simple attractiveness exert a appeal . arch hi. arch cumming . I have see you around . jewett Hall , right ? chaz chaz vyshinsky . you get great leg . nikki ( pointed1y , remind he ) chaz , arch already have she bag . meaning , chaz be nikki 's man , especially for this weekend . nan ( volunteering , happily ) well , I only meet muffy this term in Drama Society . I volunteer to do they costume ... I like to sew ... do you see she in ghost ? she 's so talented . she be wonderful ! skip ( to nan , approvingly ; in greeting ) congratulation , on find you way . the landing bump , the ferry touch down . they look up . angle change ferryman ( bark ) stand clear ! the large , raw - bone ferryman hold open the wooden stile for the one and only passenger from the island ­ Clara -- to disembark . Clara pass they , give first skip and then the other a look , shaking she head in sad appraisal . ferryman ( cont . ) ( growls ) ok , let 's go . it 's not the friendliest greeting in the world . the ferryman keep the stile open for they to board singly . there be also a young assistant on board -- buck , a pleasant , openface townie in he 20 . ferryman ( cont . ) to the rear . outa the operator 's way . nikki clutches at skip 's arm . nikki ( in mock - terror ) this be it ? no go back ? trapped for day on a island where man be man , and woman oughta know better ? arch ( behind her ) try to control yourself , sister O'Toole . nikki ( suggestive ) you could tie I in chain ... chaz board , pass Buck , the assistant . chaz ( a low whisper ) you fly 's open , and you hostess twinkie 's hang out ... the assistant gape , fall for it , grop he fly . which be close , of course . he look up , grin . chaz kiss he on the cheek , wink and move on . buck sh -i-i-t ... kit be hang back on the dock . ferryman come on if you be come . kit ( urgently ) Excuse I . but we be still wait for somebody -- ferryman ( gruffly ) it 's Friday . my last run of the week . I do not get pay overtime . kit but you have get to wait . they say it 's the only way over . if he miss this ... arch whistle loudly , see and alert they . parking lot - there Pov a late model Detroit sedan ( the one we see earlier turn off the highway ) pull to a fast stop in the lot . Rob hurry out ; a cheer come up from the group on the ferry . kit close she eye in relief . Rob come hurry up the ramp . angle ­ landing ... follow closely by harvey ' hal ' edison , JR . harvey wait up ! harvey be the driver of the sedan , and after he carefully lock up , he come run with he bag , too . he be a rangy , straight - arrow ivy League farmboy from the border South , and he 's the last of muffy 's invite guest . he also , somewhat incongruously , sport a Bruce springsteen badge . rob ( to kit , kissing she ) sorry ... nik , chaz ... ( to skip and nan whom he do not know ) Rob ferris ... they return greeting . harvey ( right behind ) hi! harvey ' hal ' Edison , Jr. , but please call I hal . only my folk call I harve ... and I can not stand it . Boy , this sure be a pretty spot . stylistically , he 's a martian . chaz stare at he . chaz you be friend with ... muffy St. John ? harvey ( proudly ) sure be . we sit together in econ 345 . I let she copy my marginal utility curve . nikki I get it . that 's a joke . preppy skip add he greeting . skip ( a ironical nod ) harve . harvey ( correct he , blithely ) hal ... ( notice interest he badge ) springsteen , he 's still the boss ! ferryman ( impatiently ) ok , c'mon , I do not have all day . he slam the stile down after harvey , the last to board , and get busy with the stubborn motor . his assistant help . chaz tape . harvey ( enthusiastically , put down he fear ) you all buddy ? nikki except for skip and nan . they we just meet . kit ( amiably ) but we will be . chaz ( meaning skip ) watch what you say around he , though . he 's muffy 's cousin . harvey ( tickle , to skip ) no kiddin' ? skip distant . over the horizon . otherwise , I would not be invite ... ( frown , tellingly ) Old money never mix family with friend . nikki this be true . for as long as I have know she . kit ( joking ) to protect she family , I guess . skip ( unsmiling ) to keep she friend . he turn to arch , hold up he hand , and click , a switchblade open into the lens . skip ( cont . ) choose you weapon , big guy . arch ( nervously , a laugh ) hey , what 's this ...? skip you up for a game of stretch ? chaz ( still taping , to skip ) you fly 's open . skip eat it . chaz ( undaunted , to Rob ) you fly 's open . ( shrug ) ok , so do not believe I . he keep the tape roll . Rob discreetly look down . his fly be open . kit look at he dubiously . Rob zip . chaz beam , get it all for posterity . the engine finally engage . the ferry lurch . rob ( smile weakly to kit ) we be off ! they be indeed . ext . the SOUND - distant Pov - day the ferry pull away from the mainland . ext . the ferry - day a closer angle . the sturdy , barge like ship craft make progress . the ferryman and Buck remain at the stern . ecu - the deck as skip 's knife fly into frame , it bite into the board and hold . skip and arch at they game . arch stretch , can not reach the knife , and topple over . skip hoot triumphantly . skip first round , the champ ! nikki and harvey nikki , much to she chagrin , find herself the object of harvey 's attention . harvey y'know what I find amazin ' ? muffy 's she real name . I mean , I be harvey , but they call I hal , so I think , ' muffy ' , it must stand for something ... muffin ? nikki muffer , moffo , muff-child , muffin ' stuff , the muffster ... harvey ( grins ) I bet you be she oldest friend . nikki ( bore ) actually , she 's three month older than I be . harvey you know what I mean . nikki harvey ... be you plan a career in politics when you grow up ? harvey I have give it some think . why ? nikki oh , just a hunch . harvey first , though , I be hopin ' to interview with she daddy 's company , Southern Regional sale , next year before graduation ... y'know , he 's worth more and 50 mill over the counter ! she just stare at he . close up - the knife digging into the deck again . arch ( o.s. ) Jesus ... arch and skip the knife be at a impossible distance . skip ( laughing ) go for it , big fella . arch swallow he pride and make a hopeless attempt . chaz fasten onto nan , immerse in one of she book . he carry he own . chaz ( sit beside she ) whatcha readin ' ? nan milton . paradise lose . for Professor russo 's course on the English epic ... it 's a shame . it 's a die form . not too many people read it nowadays , even in college . what 's yours ? chaz ( show her ) suck and fuck . nake body writhe in heat . woman with they tongue stick out in desparate desire ... nan try to control she reaction to he stack of graphic pornographic video catalogue and magazine . chaz ( cont ) the origin of american pornographic film . I be take a independent study this term . ( the passion and commitment show ) my advisor 's really behind I on it . we be not gonna be shelter college kid all we life . someday I be gonna have kid -- you be gonna have kid ­ and someday that kid 's gonna come up to I and say , ' God , dad , porn 's really a major part of we life . you be there , how would it get start ? ' I wanna be able to answer they question . ( smile ) besides , it 's research I can do by myself . rob and kit they keep they voice low . kit ( still miffed ) that 's not my point -- rob you do not want I to hitch , you want I to buy a car . ok , but I be a state university boy , I do not have the perk like some of you private college kid do . kit oh , c'mon , do not pull that . Rob just drop he arm in frustration . kit ( cont . ) I mean , it may show something about you attitude toward I , always be late . rob kit ... arch 's voice interrupt . arch' voice ( annoyed , loudly , override the other conversation ) hey , I be really not interested anymore -- skip c'mon , just one more the other look up at the interruption . angle arch push the knife back into skip 's hand , tired of play knife - toss . arch I say , enough 's enough -- skip one more try , double or nothing . he flip the knife to arch , handle first . arch ( pissed off ) c'mon , give it a fuckin ' rest ! he flip it back hard . something happen . skip look up stunne . arch 's voice catch in he throat in horror . another angle skip stare back , disbely , look down and pull he hand away from he chest , where the blood begin to seep and the jackknife stick out , bury hilt - deep between he rib . skip ( pale ) oh , fuck . skip nan scream . skip stumble , teeter there at the edge of the ferry . Rob and chaz leap to they foot . the ferryman both look up in disbelief . arch step forward to help . but skip , weaving , topple and splashes overboard . he go under . arch ( panicked , hurry to the side ) I will get he , I will get he ! but he stop just at the edge of the ferry , immobilize by fear . Rob rush forward , with chaz in reserve , pull arch out of ·the way . but Buck , the assistant ferryman , pre-empt they all , diving in . arch , freeze , watch from the deck with the other . Buck resurface , but without any sign of skip . Rob do not wait any longer . he pull off he shoe and dive in . chaz get ready to follow suit . the panic mount . suddenly : skip' voice hi , this what you be look for ? they turn ; angle change skip pull himself up , drip , on the other side of the ferry . he hold up the knife -- and the padded sash beneath he shirt he use to imb the knife -- and grin from ear to ear . the other stare , totally freak . arch let go , jump in the air . Rob and Buck surface , to see as well . arch we get them ! whoo -ee , do we nail them ! chaz ( as it dawns , to skip ) April fool ... you crazy jerk . you crazy motherfuckin ' jerk ... somebody could have get hurt out there ! relief descend . Rob be not laugh . but nobody 's more impressed than assistant Buck , still tread water . buck ( grinning ) sh -I -I -I - T nikki you maniac ... you almost give we a heart attack ! kit glower at they and give Rob a hand to get out . arch ( to chaz ) well , at least we do not go in for this your-shoelace­is- untied crap ! rob ( drip , to arch and skip ) I owe you one . skip ( smile , to Buck in the water ) how 's it goin ' out there ? buck that be great ! skip I be really count on this other turkey to save my ass . chaz oh , too bad . skip extend a hand to Buck to help he out . skip sorry about that . but Buck 's in no hurry . the ferryman step forward . ferryman ( unamuse , to Buck ) ok , c'mon , get out . they be approach the landing dock on the island . ferryman ( cont . ) ( to Buck , gruffly ) c'mon I be gonna need some help here . Buck obey , but he way , enjoy it , ducking under the craft to swim to the other side to help . ferryman ( cont ) and watch out for the wire ! too late . there 's a sicken thump I the young assistant suddenly break the surface qf the water , panicked and stunne , gasp for air . it happen too fast for any of they to do anything . Buck thrashes , daze , off -balance , fall back into the path of the ferry as it glide toward the landing . ferryman Buck , look out -- rob ( in dread ) oh , shit ... the ferryman grab the control , but it can not help . the ferry , unstoppable , plow into Buck , pin he against one of the pier . Buck scream . ferryman Buck ! the ferryman rush forward to help . for a moment the other be spare the horror of it as the ferryman 's back block they view . but then Buck , thrashing in the water , tear himself , loose , scream and bob . up , he head and torso cover in blood , the side of he face and he shoulder hideously deform . it be awful . it be ghastly . and it be unforgettable . kit ( in horror ) oh , god ! ext . dock - island - day SAM potter , the middle - age township constable , hear the cry and the scream . he drop what he 's do in he outboard and come run . ext . landing - island - day the ferryman jump into the shallow water , pull Buck onto shore . Rob , chaz and arch jump after to help , but the ferryman push they angrily away . ferryman get away from he ! Buck be hysterical . the gashes of tear flesh seem to drip from he skull . see Rob and the other , he scream , lung vainly at· they in agony . buck they do it ... they ! ferryman ( restraining he ) easy Buck ... it 's ok ... ok ... there 's time for later ... easy ... but it 's hard for he to restrain he own rage . constable Potter arrive , throw the ferryman a towel to use . the ferryman catch it , press it against Buck 's tear face . one madden , glaring eye still stare out hideously at the group . constable potter ( to · ferryman ) get he to the hospital , Cal ! take my boat ! he help the ferryman lift Buck . but the powerful ferryman need no further help , carry Buck to the constable 's motorboat moor nearby , lay Buck in , untying the line and pull the motor to life . Buck continue to shriek , terrifyingly . the ferryman cast one last glance back . ext . the landing the SOUND of the motorboat fade away . Potter turn back to the stunne group , eyeing they . constable potter all right ... let 's have it . int . muffy' passenger van - day muffy drive up . she slow , see , through the windshield the somber scene at the pier ... she friend in troubled conversation with constable Potter . ext . landing - day muffy get out , parking the new van beside a old island pick - up which be keep at the dock . she 's clean , and dress in she more usual preppy garb . she approach . muffy what 's go on ? Sam ... what 's wrong ? constable potter ( in disgust ) trick . pranks . better ask you friend ... Buck 's be hurt . ' Cal just take he on over to the mainland . just lucky I be here ... she return he stare in dread silence . he board the ferry . constable potter ( cont . ) I come over to check on a report of some unauthorize activity in the area ... you dad around ? she startles , the question 50 unanticipate . muffy no , he 's in sutton place . why ? constable potter no word from he , or anybody else ? muffy ( still puzzle ) no ... he try the engine . nothing . constable potter just like I think . . burn out . worthless ... he step back onto the shore . constable potter ( cont . ) I will have to borrow you outboard to get back to shore . muffy we keep all the key on the board in the kitchen , but I think there 's a extra one underneath the cushion there . she point to the boat seat . Potter be much oblige . ext . road - day constable potter ( to the other , sternly ) I be glad you be stick here , all o' you . if there 's anvthin ' else , or anything happen to Buck ... I want to know where to find you . the van move slowly along a narrow road through the forest . from what we can see of its occupant , the mood be pretty grim . behind it , the old island pick - up truck follow . int . pick - up Rob drive with kit and skip beside he in the cab . nobody say anything . skip be off somewhere in he own private hell . finally he reach over to roll down he window , but the handle rotate uselessly in he grip . skip this goddamn window ! he start bang violently on the door , on the window . skip they have never be fix ... kit look , skip , it be not you fault . it be a accident . you do not know . skip ( bitter ) sure . he leave off he bang . pause . rob ( sigh ) what a way to start a weekend , huh . skip muffy . nothing bad ever happen to she . ext . ST . JOHN house . day . it be a truly grand affair , two storey at least , rambling and picture - perfect with extensive tend grounds , garage , and outbuilding . muffy get out first , hopping around to the back to open the rear van gate for the bag . nan behold the house for the first time . nan ( overwhelmed ) oh ; muffy ... Rob pull the pick - up right behind they . int . entry hall - day as they come in with they bag . muffy well , there 's a awful lot to be do with this place . arch you sound as if you own it . she help with bag , shepherd they on ahead . muffy I will , if all go well . next month when I turn 21 . it 's my first - stage inheritance . harvey ( amazed ) first stage ? what 's you second ? nikki ( dryly ) Texas . you might be talk to you future boss , harve . chaz Mom , I be home ! they all look to see he stand in the entrance to the live room . int . live room as they follow chaz into the room . a series of picture window give a spectacular view of the sound . arch yeah , I could get real use to this . muffy we use to spend we summer here before my mother die . ( beat ) this be a very special place to I . nan it 's like a dream . nikki on a clear day you can see the kennedy . chaz' voice ( from the dining room ) wow , look at this ...! int . dine room the other enter to see what chaz 's shout be all about . chaz stand before a large , beautifully polished dining table that be set for each of they -- each place carefully mark with a name card and a Ken or barbie doll with the person 's name on it . the setting themselves be idiomatic and economical -- plastic spoon - and -fork combination set and paper cup , plate , napkin , etc. , chaz ( in mock awe ) look ! we very own place setting ... with we very own place card -- with Ken or barbie ! outasight ! nan ( giggle ) just like in agatha cristie . arch ( in the spirit ) and spork ... harvey ( quietly ) spork ? arch and napkin with little hallmark bunny ! gee , muff , you really spare no expense . muffy ( entering jauntily ) why not ? how do you think father make all he money ? nikki ( entering ) the old - fashioned way . he inherite it . nan ( meaningfully , with she barbie ) I use to have all she outfit . chaz do not anybody move ! chaz jump back from the table , whipping out he videocam to record the moment , and pan they all at · . they respective place . chaz ( cont ) one of we in this room ... ( bellow a mystery laugh ) ... pull he wang . he end the pan on arch , who give he the finger . int . kitchen - late afternoon close up - a hot dog drop onto a hot skillet . widen to reveal muffy , nikki and kit cooking a dinner of hot dog ... baked . nikki ... if only the choice be not so limited . God , I be so ready for a change . any kind of change . muffy well , you know , everything they say about older man ? it 's true . kit and nikki stare at she , open-mouthed . kit muffy ! nikki like how much older be we talk about ? twenty -six ? muffy add about thirty year . nikki I do not believe ·you , St. John ! kit ( turning away ) I do not want to hear about this . nikki come on ! · muffy it be only a weekend . it 's over now . ( beat , shrug ) I be curious . kit he be not marry ? muffy ( blithely ) how should I know ? kit and nikki just drop everything and continue to stare at she . muffy it be quite a weekend . nikki start to laugh . nikki come to daddy . they all start to laugh now , wickedly , conspiratorially . nikki come sit on daddy 's knee , little girl ... nikki fall to the floor in hysterics . kit my goodness , daddy , what big ( breaking up ) ... what big ... tooth you have . all the better to eat you with , my dear . int . study - late afternoon a richly panele room with a fireplace , desk , leather - upholster chair and lot of book . a door open and harvey step through , look back over he shoulder and enter . he be just snooping around . he survey the book , the frame diploma on the wall along with autograph photo of U.S. president and other head of state . he step over to the desk , open a cigar box sit there , take out a cigar and slip it into he pocket . ext . back lawn - sunset arch and chaz be in the back lawn overlook the sound . they be fool around with chaz 's camera , maybe clowning a bit . ext . veranda - the same a'broad veranda which run along the entire length of the back of the house . skip and nan be sit on the railing , gaze over the sound . skip have a drink . skip ( quietly , with deliberation ) the poor boy can say , " fuck you , dad . I be my own person . " what be he father go to do ? kick he out of the house ? disinherit he ? his life will not have change that much . he 's get nothing to lose . pause . nan his father 's love . skip that 's already be lose . die a long , long time ago . nan ( softly ) skip , you be give up . you be give up before you have even get start . ( beat ) look at how young we all be . how young and foolish and innocent and stupid ... skip raise he glass and gulp down the rest of he drink . ext . overlook - dusk a secluded area halfway down between the house and the shore . Rob sit alone on a wooden bench and think . o.s. the dinner bell sound . ext . veranda - dusk with bell in hand , muffy turn and head back into the house . chaz and arch come up onto the porch and follow she in . int . dine room ~ dusk Rob be just come in from outside as muffy enter from the kitchen with the hot dog and bean . everyone else be stand around the table . chaz Boy , muff , you sure know how to make a guy look forward to dessert . arch please , God , let it be ding dong . nikki St. John hospitality take to the extreme . harvey I think it 's real friendly . make I feel right at home . everyone start to sit down at he designate place . kit how friendly will we feel once we have finish with that bean ? on nan as soon as she ass hit the seat , she let slip a outrageous fart . she spring to she foot , she face turn bett red . the group all conversation stop , each person look for the guilty party . nan discreetly sit back down : but again , as soon as she tail meet the chair , another blast escape she ... all eye be on she as she reach beneath she and pull out a whoopee cushion . nan you guy ! everybody laugh . kit so it 's go to be one of that dinner , huh ? arch be laugh the loudest when suddenly he chair collapse beneath he and he drop sprawling onto the floor . int . live room - night skip be search through the darken live room for something , while in the adjoin room dinner be proceeding quietly . int . dine room - night close on - chaz ' hand as he grab the salt - shaker and spill some of it out onto the table . he sample a couple of grain . it 's the real thing . he start salt he food . wider rob I wonder how Buck be do ? pause nan do you think we should call or something ? muffy ( quietly ) I will call later . kit I think we should change the subject . arch well , harvey 's get he job interview all figure out , but what about the rest of we ? anybody know what they be go to be do come graduation ? pause . they sit dumbly . another pause . nikki good choice , arch . nan I can not decide . I would like to go to graduate school in English . I love the sound of we language . but I be afraid there 's not much future in it . nikki I mean , what be you ' suppose to do with a liberal art major anyway ? muffy you fill out a lot of form , and then some friend of you family give you a job deliver mail in he ·corporation ... arch this be really incredible . look at we ... here we be ... privileged , independent , the hope of the future ... and most of we still do not know what we be go to do with we life ! kit ( proudly ) Rob know . he 's go to medical school . Rob look up from he plate . rob kit ... chaz ( excitedly ) hey , no shit ? you get early acceptance ? rob ( redden , to kit ) we can talk about it some other time . kit why ? you have you meeting with you counselor , do not you ? muffy ( observantly ) kit ... I do not think Rob really want to talk about it in front of everybody . she get up from the table and step over to the sideboard . rob ( stubbornly ) no , I do not mind . kit ( at muffy ) why not ? we be all friend . nikki ( laugh ) well , sorta ... rob he say to forget it . kit look up in surprise . they all stare , quieting . rob ( cont . ) ( with difficulty ) he say my grade might be ok ; but that basically I possess a essential lack of seriousness , and that 's what they look for . arch oh , shit , he too ? that 's what my guy say ! a ' I say , you be kid ! how can anybody be serious about anything when some moron can steal a bomb or push a button and blow the rest of we right into mad Max . he be not impressed . rob he 's right . that 's bullshit on parade . arch well fuck you . it sound good at the time . muffy turn from the sideboard and set a tray of champagne glass in the center of the table . there be eight of they . each one be fill with a pinkish , bubbly liquid . everybody reach for a glass . chaz what be this ? dom perignon sparkling rise ? harvey it smell like Ripple . nikki you have outdone yourself again , St. John . the back screen door slam shut o.s. behind skip , leave the house . they look up . arch who be that ? muffy ( quietly ) skip . nan ( tentatively ) can I make a toast ? they turn attention toward she , and she stand , emboldene by they acceptance . nan ( cont . ) well ... someone once say to I to cherish the friend you make in college -- arch I cherish all the friend I make . nan ( continuing ) because ... they will be the friend you cherish most the rest of you life . so , well , here 's to we ... here 's to my life ... because I be very glad to be here , and to be a part of all of you ... kit muffy , anything you want to add to that ? muffy why I ? nikki because you be the hostess . muffy think for a moment , then add ... muffy in he " life of Johnson " James boswell say , " we can not tell the precise moment when friendship be form . as in fill a vessel drop by drop , there be at last a drop which make it run over ; so in a series of kindness , there be at last one which make the heart run over . " arch have start to make snore sound . muffy ( cont . ) so with this toast may we heart run over and we friendship be form . they stand unanimously , raise they glass in agreement , start to drink and spill it all down the front of they shirt . dribble glass . everybody groan . muffy ( grinning mischievously ) April fool . int . upstair hallway ­ night muffy show nikki , the last of they , to she room . nan say goodnight from she door . nan goodnight . muffy goodnight . muffy lead nikki to a narrow , sparse single , pop open the door . nikki oh , great . quarantine . muffy ( impishly ) just holler if you need anything . nikki another room . ( turn ) muffy ... muffy turn back to she . nikki ( cont . ) ( beat , seriously ) I know you and arch have something go before I meet he ... muffy ( smile ) arch be sweet , but he 's only get two expression . collar up and collar down . nikki I find that out -- ( beat ) I guess what I be try to say be ... you always seem to get there first ... but this time chaz be mine , ok ? muffy ( amuse ) what about hal ? nikki ' harvey ? Mr. junior Achievement ? oh please ... muffy return she smile , continue down the corridor . int . arch' poom - upstair - night arch throw he duffle bag on a bed , delighted . it 's a private suite with two bed . arch hey , all right ... lady , we be qonna have privacy ... he turn he collar up on he polo shirt , then eagerly push the two bed together . the other door ( to the connect bathroom ) swing open . arch 's face drop as chaz walk in , lug he gear . arch ( cont . ) you gotta be kiddin ' ... chaz ( unload he gear ) . unless muffy know something about we we do not . he blow arch a kiss , pull the two bed apart again . int . harvey' room - night close up a match flaring to life . widen to feveal harvey lighting the cigar he take earlier out of the study . he puff on it contentedly , imagine himself a man of power . then he step over to the bed and open he suitcase to begin unpack . harvey ( to himself ; rehearse ) do not tell I you have never think of I in that way , muffy . I feel a spark between we the very first moment we laid eye on each other ... in econ 345 . why , just think of it , muffy ... with my talent and you ... money . he cross to the closet with he navy blazer . harvey ( continued ) why just think of it ... muffer , with my raw ... drive talent and you ... he open the closet door . harvey ( cont . ) ... and you ... close - he Pov a newspaper photograph , circle in red marker , of a garish car accident be pin to the inside of the door . harvey he puzzle , take down the clipping , put it down on the dresser as he move there to put away he roll sock . he open the top drawer . Pov the same thing . full of newspaper clipping of awful , fatal car crash , all circle in the same accusatory red ink . return ­ harvey get nervous . suddenly , chaz burst in on he . harvey turn quickly , shove the clipping back in the drawer and slamm it shut . they stare at each other for a long , uncomfortable moment . chaz ( finally ) wrong room . he duck back out the door , pull it quietly close behind he . int . upstair hallway - night outside harvey 's door . chaz sigh , shake he head , start to move away when suddenly there be a loud bang o.s. from inside harvey 's room . chaz turn quickly back to the door , reach for the handle , stop himself , think better of it and move away again . int . nikki be room - night nikki step up to the sink in the adjoin bathroom , turn the faucet and be squirt by a spray of water jetting out of the rig plumbing . she quickly shut off the water and just stand for a moment , drip . try to control she anger . like , enough with muffy 's , joke already . she come out of the bathroom with a towel , drying she face , and walk to the dresser . she strip off she shirt , pull open the top dresser drawer and see ... a eyeless black rubber bondage hood and other miscellaneous s&amp ; m accessory . she pick they up in disbelief . int . arch and chaz' bathroom - night arch , unload he shave bag , which mainly contain a 30 - day supply of rubber , open the medicine cabinet . on its shelf ... a kit neatly fill with hypodermic syringe , needle , rubber tub , razor blade ... everything you could ever want for fix . arch Jesus ... int . fpont staircase - night muffy , on she way down to straighten up , pass Rob and kit on they way up . muffy goodnight . kit g'night . int . nan be room ­ night close on the shower head on the bathroom gush water . nan be take a shower . camera dolly back slowly out of the bathroom and into the bedroom . o.s. the shower be turn off . all be quiet . then , very faintly at first , we hear something -- it sound like cry . as it grow gradually louder we realize that it be cry -- a baby cry . nan appear suddenly in the bathroom doorway . a towel be wrap around she . she listen . the cry be louder now , but muffle -- a baby cry for its mother . it seem to come from a large mahogany wardrobe on the other side of the room . nan tense , slowly approaoh , then fling open the wardrobe door . close angle a small cassette recorder play . the tape run out . the baby 's cry stop . nan rip out the cassette , and sink back onto the bed , bury she head in she hand . int . rob and kit be room - night Rob and kit be stand together stare into camera . reverse to see the object of they attention . hanging on the wall in front of they be a large oil portrait with the eye out out . something be move behind the canvas vwatch they . Rob step forward and lift the painting off the wall . behind it be a inset bookcase . sitting on one of the shelf , at the proper height to have line up with the hole in the portrait , be a child 's Felix - the - cat nursery clock . the eye of the plastic cat move back and forth , like a pendulum mark second . int . upstair hallway - night Rob set the painting on the floor outside they bedroom door , lean it up against the wall . camera dolly in for a close up of the portrait . it look much creepier with the now vacant eye socket . int . rob and kit be room - night they be undress on opposite side of the bed . the silence between they be thick enough to be cut with a knife . kit sit down slowly on the edge of the bed and quietly slip under the cover . Rob get in on he side . they sit in silence for a moment , make no move to join each other in the middle of the bed . kit Rob ? no answer . kit you still angry with I ? about dinner ? rob no. I be sorry . I be not angry with you . I be just angry . he lean over , turn off the bedside lamp ... and the light in the bathroom come on . beat . he get out of bed and cross to the bathroom , reach in and turn off the light ... ... and the overhead light come on . kit start to laugh and quickly cover she mouth . Rob walk to the door , turn off the overhead light ... ... and the bedside lamp come on again . kit laugh harder , but still try to stifle it . Rob shoot she a look , then go and sit on the edge of the bed . he reach to turn off the bedside lamp again , then think better of it and start to unscrew the bulb instead . rob ( burn he finger ) ouch ! Jesus ! kit can not stop herself any longer . she laugh out loud . Rob persevere , finally unscrew the bulb enough to plunge the room into darkness . silence . rob very funny . kit break up laugh again . to she it be funny . and soon Rob be laugh too . he swing he leg up under the cover beside she . int . live room - night muffy turn off the last of the light downstairs , leave the porch light on for skip . int . upstair hall - night muffy move through the quiet to she room . arch grab she . she jump . muffy ( collect herself ) arch do you know what time it be ? arch um-hmm . muffy ( turn down he collar ) goodnight , arch . gently but firmly , she extricate herself , close the bedroom door behind she . arch undaunted , he scuttle down the hall to Rob and kit 's close door to listen in . he frown , the slide farther down to nikki 's room , knock once softly , and enter . he Pov nikki be already occupy , however , with chaz . she catch arch 's stare , signal he to get the hell out . reverse arch valorously step back , close the door and return to try nan . the light underneath she door flick off , however . the door be also lock . arch curse , return to he large but empty room . he slam the door for everybody 's benefit . int . muffy' bedroom - night muffy , undress , hear , and smile . int . arch be room - night arch be pace the bedroom , horny and alone . he get a idea , go and rummages through chaz ' stuff and come up with a video cassette of a porno movie . carry - the cassette he cross to the door and turn the handle . the doorknob come off in he hand . he throw it down in disgust , go and sit in a chair and brood . the chair collapse beneath he . ext . back path - night skip make he way boldly , carelessly , drunkenly along . overgrown weed and tall spring grass choke the path , shadow he way . he take one last drink , kill the bottle , and hurl it out into the night . after a long pause there be the distant sound o.s. of the bottle landing in water with a splash . ext . old , boathouse - night skip emerge from the overgrowth . the abandon old structure and its dock squat ahead at water 's edge . beneath the boathouse , float in the water , be a grungy old skiff cover by a tarp . skip turn away from the dock , and flick he lighter among the weed , find marijuana grow there . he cackle with triumph . something move nearby . he do not pay attention , take out he knife to cull the dry leave . he cup they in he hand against the wind , douse he lighter , and hurry out onto the dock to the boathouse entrance to prepare he joint . int . boathouse - night as skip enter . it be pitch black in here , and aside from the gentle lap sound of water against the piling down below o.s. , all be still . skip flip a lightswitch in the darkness and nothing happen . he edge slowly along a wall away from the door . then he become aware of another live presence in the boathouse . it be a slow breathe sound -- completely inhuman . skip hello ? there be no answer , but the breathe continue . then a sharp rapping sound very near , like a foot strike the wood flooring . skip who 's there ? pause . no answer . we hear in the darkness the sound of he switchblade click open . and then he wait , strain he ear to hear . finally , skip reach into he pocket , puil out he lighter and flick it on . something snag he from behind . skip gasp , helpless , as a thick rope control by powerful , shadow hand tighten around he neck . his knife , dry leave and lighter cascade to the floor . ext . ST . JOHN house - night - later only the porch light remain glow . the house be dark . int . rob and kit be room - night Rob wake , hearing the cry from muff 's room . kit , naked against he , wake too . they hear the muffle cry again . it be not from lovemake . Rob throw off the cover . int . upstair hallway - night Rob wrap himself with a towel , step quickly out to muffy 's door . everything else be dark and quiet . rob ( hushed , at door ) muffy ? no answer . he try she door , but it 's lock tight . a beat . then : rob ( cont . ) ( concerned ) muffy ? muffy' voice ( uncertainly ) yes ? rob you ok ? muffy' voice ( distantly ) yes ... thank you ... he pull back from the door . rob ( reluctantly , puzzle ) ok ... well , goodnight ... no response . he turn back for he room , catch sight of chaz , who have come out of nikki 's room , to investigate , too . ext . house - morning harvey be out on the second floor balcony exercise vigorously . no one else be in evidence until a bedroom window fly open and nikki , naked from the waist up and believe herself unwatch , lean out and stretch , breathe in the sweet morning air . then she see harvey grin at she . she quickly cover herself and pull back inside . int . kitchen ­ day Rob and kit be the first one down . they enter from the dining room , surprising muffy at the stove . kit ( briskly ) good morning ! muffy turn abruptly , startle . Rob and kit stop abruptly , too . angle muffy be barefoot , dress in a old , wear chenille robe . her hair , normally carefully groom , be unkempt , wild and stringy about she pale face . talk about unguard moment . her present appearance , be the last way one would ever expect to find muffy St. John . return angle she shrink back from they with a frighten , apologetic smile . scramble egg bubble in the skillet on the burner . muffy I ... I be hungry ... she bump against the stove , back away . she self - consciously run a hand through she hair . muffy ( cont . ) I ... I must look a mess ... she scuttle out the door to the utility room and the back stair beyond , leave the egg to burn . int . back stair ­ day arch encounter she , too , as he come bound down in he workout short . arch Morning ! she back away from he , scurrying up the stair . muffy I ... forget to get dress ... int . kitchen - day arch enter , join he wonderment to Rob and kit 's . arch who make she night ? ext . back porch - day - later CUT to : arch , chaz , harvey and nikki burst out the door in old clothes , sweat , short , whatever -- a unlikely foursome for some informal soccer scrimmaging . arch ( always in search of more player ) where 's skip ? chaz that depend on what he 's on . Rob and kit cross they path , head down to the water in they swimsuit and overshirt . nikki you gotta be kid ... arch ( teasingly , a invitation ) nan ? what about it ? nan watch from the porch , book in hand . nan oh , no , thanks . ( falsely ) besides , I think I would wait and see what muffy want to do ... arch shrug and the soccer free- for- all begin in earnest , with special attention give to the interplay between harvey and nikki . up on the porch , nan finally see muffy emerge from the distant tool shed . muffy be dress plainly , oddly conventional , with a perceptible sense of disorder about she . she keep to herself , turn toward the wood beyond , with cut blade and mushroom basket in hand . nan put down she book , hurry off the porch . but by the timeshe look up again , muffy be go ... ext . dock - day Rob and kit be stand together on the dock . he be drip wet and cover with goose flesh . she have not be in yet . and while he be vigorously toweling off he arm and chest , try to get the blood circulate again , she stand behind he with another towel and gently , lovingly dry he back . she finish and he step away from she and gaze out across the sound . kit Rob ? what 's wrong ? pause . rob I swear it be not this cold yesterday . this be not what she mean , and he know it . kit be you give up ? rob ( turn to she ; gently ) what about you ? what about you future ? you be the one with the four point . ( dejected ) ... maybe it 's crazy -- you invest so much energy in I . kit ( quietly ) I do not know . I be scared . I do not know if I want what Mom and everybody else expect of I . I do not want to go to law school . rob ( protesting ) you have get a great mind kit ...only it 's not make up . smiling sadly , he cross to she , put he arm around she . rob great ... do you realize how perfectly unmatch we be ? kit it 's make up about one thing though . rob yeah ? what 's that ? she look up and kiss he softly . rob will you feel the same about I a year from now ? two year , five year from now ? she take he hand and lead he down the pier and into the boathouse . int . boathouse - day as they come inside . kit close the door , and immediately they be in each other 's arm . the surging wave swirl beneath they , visible through the shrunken floorboard . Rob and kit stretch out . all the passion , all the tenderness , all the intensity make they oblivious to the fact that something be move on the water below ... and when kit finally open she eye to it , skip 's face bulge gruesomely up at she through the slatted floor ! kit scream and scramble to she foot -- Rob completely uncomprehend until he see it too : skip 's body , pale and bloody , drape within the grungy skiff pass beneath they on the wave . ext . dock - day by the time he pull on he swimsuit and come rush out with kit , however , Rob 's shock have turn to rage . rob skip ! you sonofabitch ! but there 's no response , skip 's body unmove on the self - power skiff which continue bob out to sea . rob start to wonder whether it really be a joke . he hurry forward , plunging ' into the water to reach the boat . rob skip ... skip ! but it 's too far and get farther , and the wave be too strong . ext . ST . JOHN house - day Rob and kit come struggle up the path . chaz train he videopak on they from the porch . he , arch , harvey and nikki unwind with beer and sandwich after they sweaty workout . chaz ( commentary while he tape ) respectable young quaker couple return after quiet afternoon of nonviolent sex . arch ( calling ) well , how be it ? rob where 's skip ? anybody see he ? nikki who want to know ? rob goddammit , can not you give I a straight answer ! they sit up with the force . nan come out on the porch , hearing . kit ( frantically ) we see he ... on a boat ... drift by the pier . he be not movinq . he look dead ... unless he be joke ...! chaz well , if it be skip ... kit I see he face ! rob ( demandingly ) have anybody see he since last night ? they all realize they have not . rob ( cont .) Jesus Christ ... Rob turn , rush into the house . int . entry hall - day Rob stop as he notice , near the foot of the stair where he would park it upon first enter the house yesterday afternoon , skip 's overnight bag . he turn and bound up the stair . int . upstair hallway - day Rob run down to skip 's door and fling it open . a cheap rubber hobgoblin drop suddenly in front of he , suspend from the ceiling on frail , metal spring . Rob jump back with a startle cry , then angrily tear the thing out of he way and throw it down . this be the last of muffy 's little April fool 's gag , and as with the overnight bag , it signifies that skip have be nowhere near this room . but Rob step inside and look around just to make sure . the room be untouched , the bed unslept in . ext . porch - day Rob hurry out , as muffy finally appear , emerge from the wood grounds , basketful of mushroom in hand . she approach . muffy ( notice they distress ) something wrong ? Rob rush by she . arch wait ! I will go with you ! chaz I too ! ext . dock - day as Rob , arch and chaz come run down to the water . they stop and look around , see nothing . no answer . arch ( aloud : for skip ) hey , asshole ! chaz wait a minute ! look at this ! he have find on the little pebble beach beside the dock , skip 's switchblade . it be in piece . there 's blood on the break blade . chaz this be skip 's . arch what do you think ? that guy on the ferry ? rob I do not know . I do not know what to think . arch I say we go look for he , he or skip . one of they 's bound to still be around ... somewhere . chaz you mean split up ? rob let 's not take any chance . he be ... he be pretty big . arch no sucker 's take I yet . he rip a loose board off the dock for a club . ext . utility room - house ­ day in the gather twilight , muffy put the basket of mushroom away on a shelf . someone grab she wrist . she gasp . it 's nan . nan step from the shadow . nan I know why you be avoid I ... ( distraught ) I guess it 's you idea of a joke ... that 's why you invite I . how would you find out ? from one of he preppy ' friend ' ? who else have you tell ?... who else know , except the father ! muffy ( astonished ) I ... do not know what you be talk about . nan oh ? the tape just get there ? you know very well ... my abortion ! she come apart , in tear . muffy stare , uncomprehend . nan ( cont . ) I think you want to be friend ... you think you can play with people 's feeling just because you be rich and can do what you want . well , you can not ...! she rush out the rear door . muffy try to recover , confuse . she continue on to the back entrance to the kitchen . int . kitchen - day swing open the door , she almost run into harvey . harvey ( sheepishly ) sorry ... I be just checkin ' to make sure everybody be all right . he beat a hasty retreat the other way , pass nikki on she way in nikki raise a eyebrow at muffy , misinterprete the tension in the air . nikki harvey ? no kid ' ? maybe that explain you clothes . muffy ( nervously ) what d' you , mean ? nikki oh , c'mon . muffy exit hurriedly , upset . ext . wood - day the path be narrow and tortuous . arch use he club to clear the way , try to follow its twist and turn . he also try to make vocal contact . arch hey , shithead ! chickendick !... yeah , you ! skip ! he move deeper and deeper into the forest . low angle up ahead on the pathway a thick , black viper slither out of the undergrowth , stop , sense arch 's presence , and coil itself against he approach . wider as arch stalk forward , not look at the ground . low angle arch ( thundering ) skip ! arch step right over the snake and continue on . wider as arch hear a noise . he stop . someone else be here with he , very nearby . arch skip ? he turn and move back along the trail , peer into the dense foliage on either side . low angle as he step over the snake again go back the other way . wider he stop again , look all around he , then turn once more and start to move very slowly with short little step back in the other direction . arch skip ? low angle he be edging closer and closer to the snake . he be bound to step on it this time . the snake coil itself to strike . arch 's foot come down just miss it , less than six inch away , when suddenly the ground seem to move . a noose spring up , tighten around he ankle , and arch be lift into the air upside down , swinging wildly , drop he club . now the viper strike , and arch see it . he be shriek with horror as he try to bat the creature away from he . but he keep swinging into it , and the snake keep strike at he , try to find a open . suddenly a long , gleam blade enter frame and chop the snake in two . arch look up , he face white and freeze into a mask of sheer terror , no longer able even to scream ext . back yard - late afternoon kit , nikki and harvey be wait on the back porch when Rob emerge from the wood nearby . kit ( call to he ) no skip ? chaz now come out of the wood on the other side of the yard . chaz no luck . rob ( to chaz ) where 's arch ? chaz he be not with you ? nikki I do not like this ... I definitely do not think I like this ... kit I think it 's about time we call the police . the screen door bang again . they look up . it 's muffy . she return they stare stiffly , without expression . she hold flower cut with hand shear . muffy eight-two-four-eight . constable Potter have a office at he home . kit ( to rob ) I do not think we should wait any longer ... Rob move into the house past muffy . kit follow he . muffy ( to be play like muffy ) who want some tea ? ( beat ) it will calm we nerve ... she exit toward the kitchen . nikki . perplex by she behavior , look strangely after she . ext . ground of house - late afternoon nan sit alone on a stone bench beside a small buddha statue in a secluded corner of the garden behind the house . she have be weep . her face tell the story . now a gentle wind spring up rustling the leave of the thick bush surround she . she look up . int . live room ­ sunset Rob be on the phone try to reach the constable . he hang up the receiver , then lift it and start to· dial again . kit , stand beside he . now wander silently off into the dining room . int . kitchen - house - sunset as kit enter , muffy come in from the pantry , breathless and apologetic , she hand full of tea box . muffy I do not know what kind anybody would like so I just ... get they all ... kit let I help . muffy ( carefully ) have he reach the constable ? kit Rob ? no , we haven 't be able to get through to the mainland yet . muffy ease . kit turn the tap to fill the kettle . the pipe begin to bang . the tap sputter and cough out a spurt of brown water before run dry . l1uffy oh ... · the main ... it 's probably break . kit ( stunned ) no water ? nikki and harvey enter , have hear the pipe bang . nikki what 's happen . kit no water . nikki what ! muffy it happen sometime ... but there 's still the well all the island home have some kind of pump ... or well ... for emergency . nikki reach for a large flashlight beam . nikki Jesus . I will go . just point I in the right direction . harvey ( gallantly ) not without I . harvey accompany nikki out the back door , leave kit and muffy alone again . muffy ( bear up under kit 's stare ) I be not worried . I be sure that two ... skip and Art ... they be just up to some kind of stupid trick . . . kit move out of the kitchen uneasily . ext . well - dusk nikki milk ghost sound8 , follow harvey out through the dark . it make he nervous . harvey ( uncomfortably ) I do not think you should really do that . nikki ( seeing ) be that it ? the well be the old - fashioned kind . nikki ( cont . ) Boy , when she say `well , ' she really mean ' well ' . who dig this thing ? Pocahontas ? she reach for the wooden bucket attach by metal nook to the thick rope . harvey pre-empt . harvey here , let I do it . I have probably have more experience than you . nikki you mean , back home on the farm ? harvey I know you think I be a hick , but I would like to change you mind about that , if you would only give I the chance . nikki why ? harvey because , I would really like to plow you field . nikki ( smile " impressed ) draw I some water . he 's glad to oblige , open the hinge wood well cover and lowering the bucket slowly . the dark hole seem to go on forever . suddenly , there 's a muffle clatter deep within the well . harvey aw , crap ... nikki what happen ? harvey I lose the bucket . nikki harve . harvey hal . the rope be rotten , any fool coulda see that . nikki you do not . harvey here , shine you light down so I can get a fix on it . she rise on she toe , flash the powerful beam down the dank hole . harvey bend over to look . a rotted piece of the well cover break off in he hand . he lurch forward . harvey oh ... oh , Jesus ! he slam back in ashen horror . nikki ( startled} ... what ... harvey stay back ! do not look ! nikki I be a big girl now . I think I ·can handle a few spider and frog --- she shine the beam down again , bend in for a look . harvey nikki -- she should have listen to he . her Pov nan 's body lie twisted and jamme among the slime . her dress be tear , revealing a white breast with vein of blood stream across it and into the water . next to she , arch 's severe head gape up in a rictus grin , join in its leer by skip 's decapitate head . nikki it 's like the very gut have be tear out of she . she scream , stumbling back . ext . well ­ dusk as Rob run up , everyone else be already there . rob ( breathless ) what be it ? kit ( ashen ) you do not want to know . nikki ( still panicked ) in the well ! oh , God , the well ! Rob grab the flashlight from chaz 's hand and leap up to take a look . after a long , horrifying glimpse he have to step back to control he overwhelming nausea . he shudder violently . nikki ( cold fear ) we have to leave , all of we , we have to get away . rob ( close the well cover ) we can not get away . everyone back into the house . now . ( jumping down ) let 's go ! ext . back of the house - night look in through the window we can see Rob alone in the live room still try the phone . panning across to the dining room window , we see nikki seat at the table with kit and chaz on either side of she . harvey stand behind they against the wall . ext . dine room - night kit be try to comfort nikki who be still in shock . kit it 's okay , nikki . with the other ... they be outdoors . but we be inside now , and we be safe . nikki ( quietly ) it 's all because of what happen on the ferry , be not it ? chaz ( himself unnerved ) it be a accident . do not they know that ? muffy enter from the kitchen with a glass of water . harvey pull she quietly aside . harvey muffy , where do you keep you gun ? muffy ( blankly ) gun ? we do not keep gun in this house . the other turn and look back at they . there be a uncomfortable pause . muffy ( hand nikki the glass ) here . nikki , oh , God ! not the water ! muffy it 's all right . it 's perrier . suddenly the phone ring o. S. they all look toward the live room . int . live rooh - night ...as Rob snatch up the receiver . rob ( desperately ) hello ! he listen for a moment , then almost collapse with relief . rob ( cont . ) constable Potter ... thank God it 's you ... the other stand and start drift in from the dining room . int . mainland hospital - night constable Potter be call from a pay phone near the reception desk . he listen for a moment , then ... potter what be you talk about ? ( listen ) that be not possible . ( listen ) and I be tell you , I be here at the hospital now visit Buck . he come out of surgery last night -- it might interest you to know he will be all right -- and Cal 's be here too , the whole time . angle widen to reveal the ferryman Cal stand anxiously beside he . int . live room ­ night Rob look like he 's just be clubbed on the back of the head . rob ( pleading ) constable ?... ( listen ) here . she 's all right . ( listen ) with muffy ? what do you mean ? he look up at the other who have gather around he expectantly . rob ( finally ) yes , all right ... please ... please hurry . he hang up . pause . rob ( anything , but jubilant ) he 's on he way . we be suppose to wait here ... to stay together ... chaz what about the ferryman ? rob it be not he . they have be together all day . chaz what ? kit I do not understand . they look at each other ominously . rob ( stand ) I do not either . ( beat ) he 's go to send up a flare as he 's near the dock . then we be to go down as a group to meet he there . ( moving away ) in the meantime ... we just wait . he go out of the live room . int . front entry - night Rob bolt and double- lock the front door . he also fasten the chain just for good measure . int . live &amp ; dine room - night chaz and nikki secure all the door and window to the outside . int . study - night kit enter , check and lock the window . she turn on the lamp . on the desk -- prominently display and catch she eye -- a framed photograph . close - the photograph it be a black - and - white picture , probably muffy as a child . but what 's confusing be there 's another little girl next to she in the picture , who look just like muffy , too ... kit ... do not understand . she glance at the wall for more picture . muffy enter suddenly , interrupt she . kit startles , turn . they face each other . muffy ( unnaturally composed ) it 's my father 's study . kit ( nervously ) I just come in to make sure everything be secure to lock the window . muffy good idea . sometimes ... with the tide ... it can take someone all night to get here from the mainland ... and even then , sometimes they do not make it ... int . harvey' bedroom - night harvey be unlock he suitcase which be back up on the bed . he reach in and pull out a small revolver . he drop the cylinder , check to see that it 's load , then snap it back in place . he tuck the weapon into the waistband at the small of he back , then slip on he navy blazer . int . basement - . night no one be around and no one have be down here since earlier in the day when muffy apparently bring down the painting with the vacant eye-hole from outsid ~ Rob and kit 's bedroom . camera pan off the painting , now hang on a blank wall , to the transcan window which be still propped open to the outside . int . live rooh ­ night chaz , nikki , kit and harvey be here , try to wait it out . harvey ( peer out the window ) what 's take he so long ? kit ( quietly ; without conviction ) it could be the tide . chaz wait a minute . be not we suppose to be stay together ? where be muffy and Rob ? kit Rob 's check the back of the house . chaz and muffy ? nikki she 's be act less than normal anyway . kit ( pick up on it ) what do you mean ? nikki you mean all day and you have not notice ? harvey well , who be not ? nikki ... and that nurse 's shoe . chaz what nurse 's shoe ? nikki the clodhopper she 's be wear today ... crepe sole ... it 's as though some common nerve of suspicion have be touch . they all stir . harvey she be argue with nan in the hall , before you and Rob ... before you come back alone . they turn full attention on he . harvey about something nan find in she room . chaz what ? harvey ( embarrassed ) something about a abortion . they all pause . nikki I find something " g in my room , too she reach into she bag and pull out the black rubber bondage hood . nikki ...only I do not think it be intend for I . chaz ( sarcastic ) oh , really ? harvey ( to chaz ; defend nikki ) and what do you find ? chaz I do not find anything . harvey we be suppose to believe that ? chaz that 's right . ( trumping he ) I spend the night with nikki . ( beat ) what about you ? harvey what about I ? chaz what 's you little secret ? harvey ( evasively ) I do not know what you be talk about . chaz oh , come on , sport . I walk in on you last night , and you be act like you ass be on fire ... harvey it be not anything ... just some clipping ... of some car accident . chaz ( insinuating ) nothing personal in that , I suppose ? harvey no ! who have not be in a car accident ? it 's a common thing . chaz I have not . there be a slight pause . Rob come into the live room , hold a flashlight and stand just inside the doorway . the other shift uncomfortably . nikki ( quietly ) what I would like to know be , how do muffy find out about this thing and why -- ? kit stop it ! just stop it all of you ! ( beat ) what be wrong with we ? nhat happen to all we talk about friendship , and undy loyalty ? ( look from one to the other ) do you know what we be say ? that we be actually sit here discuss the possibility that muffy , a generous friend , have invite we all here to -- she stop suddenly , freezing in mid-sentence , and they all turn , follow the direction of she look , to see muffy stand in the entryway behind rob. muffy I be go upstairs . rob muffy ? we should all stay together . muffy this be my house . ( beat ) I will be in my room . she turn and head up the stair . pause . nikki ( finally ) she 's get a point . ( stand ) we be start to get on each other 's nerve . harvey as long as we all stay within shouting distance of each other ... nikki ( to chaz ) you come ? he join she , and they quietly head for the stair . rob I be goinq to find the way up to the attic . kit why ? rob I be sure we can watch for the constable better from up there . kit hesitates . harvey it 's all right . I can keep watch on the stair . Rob ho1d out he hand to she . she take it and they walk together toward the stair . int . muffy ' S bedroom - night muffy enter , close the door quietly and lock it behind she . she cross to she bed , slowly sit down and lose herself in troubled think about everything that be go on . int . MAIN stairway ­ night harvey step up to the halfway landing and sit down . he look above , look below , then open a magazine and begin thumbing through it . int . nikki be room - night nikki 's suitcase be open on the bed , and she be move nervously about the room , gather she thing and cram they into it . chaz nikki , come on ... nikki what do you mean , nikki , come on ? do not give I any of this nikki , come on . chaz what be you do ? nikki look , stay if you like . lock you door . dig a trench . hang out . but once I leave this place , I be never come back . she walk out the door , and chaz follow she to ... int . upstair hall - same they cross the hall . chaz ( catch up to she ) we be all suppose to stay together here . nikki yeah , that 's be real effective ... she go into ... int . bathroom - same ... and start to collect all she stuff from in here . chaz come in behind she . chaz so what be you go to do ? just waltz on down to the pier . by yourself . check you bag with the porter . then wait for a ocean liner to happen by and pick you up . be that it ? nikki , ( push past he ) I can not stay here any longer . she go back out into the hallway . chaz follow . int . upstair hall - same as they cross back to nikki 's bedroom . chaz what if the constable never even come ? nikki then I will swim all the way back to the mainland ... I can be strong if I have to . int . nikki be room - night as they re-enter . chaz look , just relax -- nikki Three people be dead and you be tell I to relax ? chaz nikki , now just hold on a minute , and look at I . look at I . she stop and look at he . chaz ( cont . ) now , be I nervous ? yes . maybe even a little bit scared ? yes . be I run around like a chicken with its head cut off ? nikki Nice image . chaz no . ( beat ) I mean , come on , babe . lighten up a little , huh ? he quickly slip the s&amp ; m mask over he head , clowning around . chaz ( cont . ) ( muffled ) look at this . what , I worry ? nikki very funny , chaz . chaz ( muffled ) you have get to look on the bright side of thing . everything will be all right ... huh ? huh ? nikki do not be a jerk . chaz ( muffled ) oh. now I be turn you on . right ? nikki , take that thing off . chaz ( muffled ) why ? I kind of like it in here . ( move blindly toward she ) kiss I , you savage she-devil . nikki get out of here . she push he and he fall backward across the bed . chaz ( muffled ) ooooh , stop it some more . I love it when you be rough . she turn and go out of the room again . chaz remain lie across the bed . chaz ( muffled ) course it would help a little if I could breathe in here . for when thing start to get really passionate . ( beat ) nikki ? camera frame the open bedroom window for a beat . the curtain luff slightly in response to a gentle breeze wafting in . int . upstair hall - moment later nikki come down the hall with some more clothes on she arm . she arrive at she door , open it ( she have not close it the last time she go out ) , and go inside . int . nikki be room - same chaz be still lie across the bed as last see , except that now he hand cover he crotch . nikki ( noticing ) Real subtle , chaz . she continue pack , move around the room . nikki ( cont . ) now I be suppose to throw off my clothes and jump on you ? just wind she up and watch she go ? you have get a lot to learn , buddy . no response . chaz lie perfectly still . not even he chest appear to be move . nikki ( look at he crotch again ) what be this ? show and tell ? ( beat ) I will show you mine if you show I yours ? ( beat ) well , forget it ... you may as well just stick it back in you pants . ( beat ) chaz ?... chaz ? ( no answer ) say something , goddammit ! she swat he hand away from he crotch . beneath they , on he pants , be a slowly grow blood stain . nikki gasp , she mouth contort into a scream that will not come . she turn suddenly in response to .a noise o.s. , and see a dark figure step out from behind the slowly close bedroom door . int . attic stair - night it be almost pitch black . o.s. there be the sound of a lightswitch be flicked on and off . rob ( o.s. ) no light . suddenly a flashlight beam pierce the darkness , and Rob and kit can now be see ascend the stair to the attic . int . attic - night ... as they arrive at the top . Rob sweep the one large room with she flashlight . pile of old furniture be stack here and there , cover with grimy sheet . kit no one 's be up here in year . Rob cross to the garret window overlook the sound . pause . kit can you see he ? rob no . there must not be a light on the boat . kit or ... he 's choose not to use it . rob kit ? he say something else on the phone , about muffy . kit what ? rob he say not to trust anybody . that 's why we be to stay together . no one be to be leave alone with anyone else ... then he say , especially not with muffy . kit so that 's why you let she go upstairs ? rob that 's why I let she go . kit ( beat ) what do he mean by that ? rob I do not know . he would not explain it . kit but that 's ridiculous ... rob be it ? he 's know she longer than we have . he sweep the flashlight back toward the stair . kit Rob , wait a minute . what 's that ? rob where ? she take the flashlight from he and aim it on something near the door -- the barbie and Ken doll from the previous night 's dinner . rob it 's just the doll . kit she 's be up here . rob so ? she move toward they while Rob stay by the window look out . as she get closer to the doll , however , kit realize that they have not just be stick there haphazardly . kit ( alarm ) Rob ? Rob come over to join she as we CUT to : her Pov of the doll as the flashlight move across they , slowly revealing they one by one . the last to be see be a barbie and the head of two ken stick in a bowl of water . rob and KlT stare at they , frighten and astonished . rob Jesus ... kit ( losing it ) Rob ? . . . rob it 's arch and skip and nan . kit Rob ??... rob wait ... he take the flashlight from she and reveal two more : a barbie and a Ken lie next to each other with no clothes on , both of they splatter with bright red nail polish . rob what be this other two ? suddenly the room be flood with light . Rob turn sharply and see outside the window the constable 's flare hang in the night sky . rob he 's here ! o.s. there be a pistol shot from downstairs . kit scream . rob come on ! he jump to he foot , grab hold of she hand and pull she with he out of the attic . int . upstair hall - night as they come racing down from the attic . Rob head for the main staircase ... rob hal ! ... while kit run down the hall to nikki 's room and fling open the door . kit nikki ? she be not there . kit back into the hallway . downstair o.s. she can hear Rob move about , call for harvey , but up here all be quiet and threaten . she hurry silently down to chaz ' room , open the door and step inside . int . chaz ' room - night it be dark again in here , but the video camera be still operate . kit close the door behind she and lean forward , barely whisper ... kit chaz ?... nikki ?... she turn on the light and see the bed , both bed : they be drench in blood . kit reach for the doorknob . it come off in she hand . kit Rob !!! she 's frantically pound on the door and try to jam the doorknob back in , to get it to work . there 's a noise outside the window . she turn aghast . suddenly the door fly open . rob ( entering ) I can not find hal -- he stop in mid-sentence as he see the bed . kit be already through the door . Rob follow she out . int . upstair hall . - night Rob be run with she toward the stair . kit Rob , what about muffy ? rob forget she ! kit ( stopping he ) she 's my friend ! she break away from he and dash down to muffy 's door . Rob have no choice but to follow she . kit ( knocking ) muffy ! muffy !! she try the door , but it 's lock . rob ( pull she away ) let 's go . rounding the corner to the shadowy back stair , Rob suddenly bump into something , someone there . he scream aloud , drop he flashlight . it be harvey . his body dangle from the rafter high above the top of the rear stair , a thick rope around he neck . now Rob have become unnerve , and it be kit 's turn to take the lead . kit this way ! and they head back toward the main staircase . ext dock . -- night the flarelight wane . constable Potter look up anxiously . soon he will be wait in darkness . ( unlike the previous night 's scene , now there be no outdoor light on here . ) ext . back of the house - night Rob and kit burst out of the dining room as if the house be on fire . kit stop to pull the door shut behind they . rob ( yanking she away ) forget the door ! within moment they have cross the back yard and disappear into the brush lead down to the water . ext . pathway - night the night be a landscape of terror . as Rob and kit race through the darkness , the forest seem to fold in on top of they , completely enclose they within itself . ext . dock - night they arrive at the water 's edge and slow down abruptly . though they can see Potter 's boat rock gently in the water , moor to the dock , they can not make out any sign of the constable . rob ( in guard approach ) constable ... Mr. Potter ? no answer . the silence be chill . they proceed out onto the dock . they come to the boat . rob ( whispering ) if there 's another flare , we can signal he . kit maybe he go on to the house . Rob unlash the moor , grab hold of the line to pull the boat in . it will not budge , the line snag in the water where it dip in . Rob tug harder , freeing something to the surface . close angle it be constable Potter , he body turn once before sink again under its tethere weight . a animal cry out behind they . Rob waste no more time , pull the rope and the boat quickly toward they . they jump in . there be a flashlight in the toolbox . Rob grab it , shine it onto the control . but there 's no key in the ignition , and no other way to start it . rob shit ... no key ! kit , meanwhile , pick up the letter that 's lie on the bottom of the boat . kit Rob ! he turn . kit ( cont . ) look ! she press it into he hand . he shine the flashlight . closer angle its waterstain , but still legible ... the letterhead read , ' state hospital for the criminally insane , ' and it be date ' MARCH 31 , ' address to Potter , and read : return angle rob " ... pursuant to we previous communication , please be advise that the patient under discussion have still not be find and return to custody , and it now believe to be attempt to return to she home in you jurisdiction . if encounter , exercise extreme caution and notify we immediately , as miss St. John have ·been a patient here for three year and be still consider incorrigibly unstable and extremely dangerous ... " kit look up , frantic . kit miss . St. John ? what 's it talk about ? muffy have not be in any state mental institution for the last three year -- she 's be at Vassar ! rob I do not know ... but we have gotta get this boat start . kit how ? rob the house . do not muffy say there be another key back in the kitchen ? kit ( in dread ) oh , no ... rob we have get no choice . kit I know . rob shit . pause kit Rob ? rob huh ? kit Rob , I really do not want to go back there . rob I know . kit shit . another pause . neither one be make the move to go . rob I would have you stay here , but -- kit no . rob ( beat ) listen , kit , we will get out of here , I promise you . we have be through so much together ... she have start to cry softly . rob ( cont . ) ... it be not go to end here . kit ( be brave ) okay . he kiss she . pause . rob well ... kit yeah ... rob let 's go . kit let 's go . rob let 's go . brief pause , then he turn to go . rob shit ... they move slowly off the dock . ext . ground of house - night Rob and kit move up to the shrubbery skirt the back lawn and gaze across at the house . it be completely dark within and remain wrap in silence as before . kit Rob , look ! the door . they have be close . sure enough , the door they come out by minute ago , the one they do not stop to close , be now shut tight . rob come on . they move stealthily through the bush around to the side of the house . they stop . rob there . he be point toward the open basement window across a thirty foot space of clear lawn . rob that 's how we be go in . kit swallow hard . she nod . rob be you with I ? they break from they cover and run , keep low , to the side of the house . Rob peer through the window into the darkness inside , push the transom all the way open , and then drag himself through on he belly . int . basement - night he drop to the floor , turn to give kit a hand . she enter the same , dusting herself off next to he . Rob turn on the flashlight , use it cautiously . rob ( move through darkness ) the stair ... where be the stair ?... kit what 's that ? they pause , hearing dripping sound in the darkness , comi no from the depth of the utility room . Rob lead the way , cautiously , toward the sound . int . utility room the flashlight cut through the dark , revealing the tap dripping in the tub . before , the tub be clean . now , however , stubborn crimson stain smear the basin , like blood that have refuse to be wash away . other stain darken the floor . reverse angle kit 's eye widen in grow horrow . Rob turn the beam toward the stain that track across the floor , follow they . kit ( fearfully ) Rob ... int . basement the trail lead out of the utility room to the large , cast - iron incinerator . Rob step forward , slowly open its door , angle the beam inside . there Pov - incinerator Inside , muffy 's characteristic attire -- the clothes we see she wear yesterday after they arrival -- lie stuff inside , bloody and char . kit muffy 's clothes ... rob ( puzzle ) I do not get it . the beam momentarily sweep the wall next to kit . she see something . kit ( a urgent whisper ) Rob ! she get he to turn the beam back to the wall where she be . she help train it on what she see . Pov - the wall it be a growth ·chart that have be mark in ink fade over the year . there be growth measurement for ' muffy '... and for ·a child name ' buffy " ... with similar height on similar date . return on kit she gasp , finally connect it . kit oh , god ... oh no !... he do not yet understand . kit ... the picture of the girl in the study ... the letter ... what the constable be try to tell you ... it 's not muffy it 's she twin sister , buffy ! she have a twin sister ! Rob 's eye have a glaze look . they be fix somewhere else . kit Rob , do not you see ? ( beat ) Rob ? she follow he look and see , on the wall near the growth chart , that he have train he flashlight beam on the eyeless portrait from the night before . only now , there be real eye behind the painting , staring out at they . kit ( hushed ) Rob ! he cast about for a weapon , come up with a length of lead pipe . rob pull it away ... kit ( too frighten to move ) Rob ? rob pull it away ! they advance together on the painting , Rob keep he flashlight on the eye the entire time . kit slowly reace out , lift the painting from the wall and drop it , jump back ... just as muffy' head roll forward from a shelf behind the painting , right into kit 's lap ! kit scream as she bobble the head in she hand like a hot potato , try to get rid of it . suddenly a loud noise slam at the basement window . Rob grab kit , cover she mouth and snap off . the flashlight . the head fall to the. floor at they foot . they turn ... there Pov ... just in time to see the window they enter be nail shut from the outside . all else they can make out be buffy 's hand and she tell - tale nurse shoe . then this two move of sight around the outside of the house . basement Rob click on the beam in the direction they go and see the stair . they race to they , up they , the door to the pantry be not lock . it give way under Rob 's pressure . int . pantry ­ night kit scramble up behind he . they can hear buffy outside in the yard approaching the kitchen door . int . kitchen - night Rob and kit hurry in . Rob search frantically for the key board . rob the boat key ... it 's gotta be here ... his flashlight sweep the wall of shelf . suddenly , buffy be at the kitchen door . though the door in lock , there 's no bolt or chain to fully secure it . the knob rattle furiously under buffy 's grip , the door shudder . Rob spot a walk - in cupboard . he hurry to it . kit grope along the shelf , search the object hang along the distant wall . kitchen door a long , ugly - look knife blade slip in through the crack in the door . buffy be use it to try to pry open the door . cupboard Rob open the door . success . his beam fall on the key board on the inner wall . rob kit ... I he step in , follow he beam into the darkness . the cupboard door slam shut behind he . he turn , trap . close angle - kitchen door the door spring open . kitchen kit spin , cry out as she see : her Pov the shadow figure of buffy , barefoot , dishevel , in a smock , dagger in hand . she advance , breathe heavily . kit stumble back desperately . kit no ... int . cupboard Rob be desperately try to break out , but the door will not open . rob kit ! let I out ! let I out of here ! kit !! he be kick the door , hurl himself at the door , but all to no effect . he barely have room to maneuver . kit ( o.s. ) Rob !!! int . kitchen kit turn to Rob 's voice , take a step toward the cupboard , but suddenly buffy be there , cut she off . kit back away , into the dining room . int . cupboard rob ( pounding futilely ) kit! run , kit , run ! int . dine room kit reel back under buffy 's steady advance . kit can not see she clearly in the dim light , but she can make out , beneath buffy 's wild , stringy , dangle hair , the madness , the likeness of muffy -- the familiar face somehow twisted by hate and madness into a stiff , hideous , unnatural deformation . buffy close in , readying the long , greedy knife . int . cupboard Rob , still struggle , know kit be about to die . rob kit ! I love you ! int . dine r.oom cornere , helpless , kit stumble back toward the close double door that lead to the live room . kit buffy ?... please , we do not mean any harm ... we be leave ... we just want to go home ... please ... please ... buffy raise the dagger in hand . int . cupboard no longer try to escape . it 's hopeless . rob ( for all he 's worth ) kit ! I love you ! I love you , kit ! a man 's hand reach out from the side , lightly touch Rob 's shoulder . Rob jump , turn . angle it be Buck , stand practically right beside he , stare at rob. his face be the same bloody , hideous mess it be the day before , after the accident . Rob scream . buck I love you too , babe . Rob swing at he , but only succeed in smash he knuckle against the door . Buck grab he and violently plant a kiss on he cheek . int . dine room kit slam back against the double door , nowhere to go . kit no ... oh , God ... and buffy strike . the knife jab into the door , close to kit 's head . kit gasp , momentarily spare . she push apart the double door and stumble back into ... int . live room all the light be on , and when kit take she eye off buffy long enough to find out why , she discover everyone be here -- skip , chaz , nikki , arch , harvey , nan , even the constable and the ferryman . they sit or casually stand , quietly talk or read magazine , take no notice of she whatsoever . int . cupboard Rob be scream uncontrollably . Buck calmly peel all the blood and gore right off he face and slap in onto Rob . Rob keep scream . then Buck reach out and unlatch the door . it be right there the whole time . int . live room kit be totally bewilder ... kit ( looking around ) what .... ? then she look back at buffy who step into the live room , and smile , hold up the knife and plunge it into she own hand . the blade be retractable . kit ( wringht with emotion ) oh , fuck you !! fuck you , you guy !! suddenly everyone in the room come to life , roaring with laughter . int . kitchen Rob stumble out of the cupboard , Buck 's gory make - up still stick to he face . rob kit ! ! still frighten and confuse , Rob have not put it together yet . he run out of the kitchen ... int live room ... through the dining room and into the live room where he stop dead cold upon see everybody . rob ki--! the group laugh louder at the sight of he . Buck walk up behind Rob and clap he on the shoulder . Rob jump and scream involuntarily . the group laugh louder still ... int . live room -- moment later muffy be wiping off the last of she " buffy " make -up . muffy you guy be really terrific . I love you all . and I thank you from the bottom of my heart for be such good sport . rob ( still shaken ) oh , sure . quite welcome . any time . he sit , or rather land , on the sofa next to kit . laughter . muffy Rob , you and kit , you two be the best . you figure it all out . the clue really work . rob what clue ? kit what 's this all about ? and do not anyone say " April fool 's " or I will smack they in the tooth . muffy how about if I tell you it be the script for a weekend special that 's go to help I keep this house ... Rob and kit stare , mystify . muffy ( smiling ) look , next month I get the house as part of my inheritance , it 's true , but only if I can show my father that it can carry itself ... what with tax and expense . otherwise , he will just sell it out of the family . so , I be plan on turn it into a country inn . not just another stuffy old run-of - the-mill country inn , but one that specialize in offer once - in - a lifetime whodunit weekend . I need a rehearsal . I have to try out the idea on somebody . rob ( to other ) and you guy play along ? arch do not look at I ! nikki we all get suck in just as bad as you ! muffy once they be kill off , yes . everybody have to cooperate . otherwise , none of it would have work ! rob so I guess there 's no crazy twin sister buffy ? muffy oh , there 's a crazy twin all right , but he name be not buffy . nikki his name ? muffy smile , direct attention toward " cousin " skip . chaz skip ?! kit he 's you brother ?! arch you bastard , you be in on the whole deal , too . skip ( protesting ) only the set-up . muffy tell I to say I be she cousin and to pull that prank on the ferry . I have no idea what be go to happen with Buck . muffy ( introducing ) Buck Williams . make - up artist par excellence , from Hollywood . Buck reach down and toss arch 's decapitate head to he . buck here , catch . arch bobble the head nervously . the other laugh . buck just some old prop I redress with the help of photograph muffy send I . nikki it sure fool I . arch ( to skip ) so what castle be you go to inherit ? constable potter ( critically ) well , first he 's get to prove he can manage he own allowance . kit ( to the constable ) which mean , I guess , that you be no constable either . muffy kit Graham , meet my uncle Frank St. John of St. John et freres , Wall Street . uncle Frank smile and wave at kit , but harvey step right over to he and start pump he hand . harvey hi! harvey " hal " Edison , Jr. please to meet you , sir . muffy usually we do not even see uncle Frank in the summer , he 's so busy . but this time he make a exception . uncle frank I have not have this much fun since my hasty pudding show sophomore year at Harvard . God , lowe you kid ! ferryman cal ( eagerly ) how would I do ? I never do no act before . Boy , be I shaking ! muffy Cal 's we regular ferryman between the mainland and the island around here ... but I think he be up to the dramatic challenge . ( beat : smiling ) well , that 's it . now you know it all . nikki we have be have . rob you be lucky you do not get yourself kill . muffy ( laughing ) I almost do with harvey . and who could know there would be a snake out in the wood with arch ? but with the pay guest , they will know what they be in for : and the scenario will not be nearly so extreme . uncle frank otherwise , even Lloyd 's of London will not cover you . muffy ... and I regret that , well , some of that fake clue I plant in the bedroom I guess be take too seriously . I be sorry about that . she avoid look at nan so as not to draw attention to she . muffy ( cont . ) but we have fun , do not we ? I mean , come on . she start pass .out chill champagne bottle to the man to open , and set up glass on a sideboard . muffy ( cont . ) I know I will never forget this weekend for as long as I live . arch you be tell I . man , when I be swinging around out there in the wood , I nearly crap my pants . cal what do you mean , nearly ? I be there , remember ? silence . arch turn red . chaz ( quietly ) arch ? you brown you trousers ? arch ( beat ; stammering ) well ... I ... uncle frank ( good - naturedly ) it 's all right , arch . they will be out of the dryer soon . suddenly everyone roar with laughter . Champagne cork start pop , and before you know it , the scene be resembling the locker room of the win team of a championship series . int . dine room - morning Breakfast . spirit be high . friendship rekindle , and the spread be incredible . muffy enter with a fresh basket of piping hot biscuit . only nikki , harvey , and Cal be not present . arch great ham . buck great egg . chaz ( teasing ) just what we need . another country inn . uncle frank well , if the food 's any indication , it 's already half - way there . skip pass the toxic waste , please . uncle Frank frown at skip as Cal enter . cal ( pleasantly ) the St. John Island bar Harbor ferry leave in thirty minute . no straggler , please . int . kitchen - morning Rob and kit be the first one in , bus they dish . rob Boy , what a difference be alive make . kit ( turn ; softly ) I do not care what Columbia say about you . rob I do . kit ( beat ) be this the road to mo school ? rob I think it be . I be go to try . he take she by the hand and gaze at she . rob but if I make it or not , no matter what happen , we will be together ? you and I ? kit ( quietly ) if that 's what you want . rob ( hugging her ) that 's what I want . muffy enter with a stack of dish , follow by nan who quietly set she plate on the counter and leave . muffy where 's nikki ? kit I do not know . too much champagne ? o.s. they hear a muffle cry . int . nikki be room - morning ... as harvey finish plow she field . they lie still for a moment . nikki ( still gasping ) God ... do not tell I that be something you learn on the farm ! ext . back porch - morning uncle Frank be hugging muffy. ( nothing seedy ) . they be alone out here . uncle frank I will make a full and glow report to you father tomorrow so he can draw up the deed along with the other trust papers for Wednesday 's signing . I be so proud of you . ( beat ) I wish I could say the same about you brother . muffy oh , uncle Frank , he 's be a great help this weekend , really . let I get he out here so you can -- uncle frank I have already speak with he . the screen door open , and Rob step out onto the porch . he come over to they , but do not butt into they conversation , and uncle Frank just keep go as if Rob be not even there . uncle frank ( cont . ) his conduct and he academic performance remain inexcusable . he know you father can not be expect to entrust he with anything until he show some sign of responsibility and initiative . rob ( embarrassed to be overhear ) Excuse I . he turn and walk back into the house . o.s. a horn honk . ext . house - morning the van and the old pickup be idling out front . uncle Frank be honk on the van horn . uncle frank come on ! let 's go ! Cal be alone behind the wheel of the pickup . skip walk casually up to the van , then pointedly turn away and head over to the pickup instead . uncle Frank scowl . angle - front door Rob and kit come out the door and stop beside muffy . more honk . kit well , I hate to say it -- I still ought to kill you -- but thanks . ( they hug ) see you back there . uncle frank come on . if time be money , we be lose a fortune . nikki now run out follow closely by harvey . they say they quick farewell and move along to the wait vehicle . harvey discreetly opt to ride in the pickup , while nikki climb aboard the van , pass chaz who just glare at she . he know . finally nan come out of the house . with a curt nod to muffy , she head on toward the van when ... muffy nan ! she hurry to catch up with she . muffy let I say again how sorry I be . it be not intend . nan and now all be forgiven . I play along , do not I ? what 's do be do . ( beat ) I have learn a lot , muffy , I really have . I suppose I should say thank you , but I do not think I would be able to without it sounding false . so I will just say goodbye . ( beat ; a afterthought ) thanks for show I you house . she turn and cross to the van and climb aboard . the other callout they last goodby . muffy wave , and then they be go and muffy turn and walk forlornly back into she house . ext . ferry landing - morning Cal and uncle Frank be the first one onto the ferry . uncle frank Cal , I want to thank you personally . you have be a real sport about this . cal aw , it be fun . uncle frank I know you have have you eye on that p1ace ever since we be kid . and I be sure we could make a deal with you . I know you have not be spend you money on anything else all this year ... but ... this time it just be not in the card . cal it 's still in the family . uncle frank yes , that 's the way . he move on . other be pass they now . chaz stop and wag he finger at Cal . chaz this time , no funny business . int . live room - morning muffy stand , overlook the mess . not know exactly where to begin , she start empty ashtray into each other , then just stop . she walk out of the live room and through the entry hall and slowly climb the stair . ext . SOUND ­ day from far away the ferry can be see chugge away , slowly return to the mainland . ext . ferry - day closer now we can see what 's happen on board ... Rob and skip lean against the rail and talk quietly . kit and arch and Buck sit together and chat ... chaz sit alone , and nikki sit apart from he , also alone . nan be up front , gaze out over the bow , while harvey stand beside she try to make conversation . finally , he give up and stroll to the back of the craft , pointedly pass nikki . he alight next to uncle Frank , who have he briefcase open on he lap . now nikki stand and go and sit down next to chaz . chaz ( beat ) feeling better ? nikki ( quietly ) I be okay now , thanks . pause . nikki chaz , I be sorry . chaz why ? what do we mean to each other anyway ? nikki more than this a couple of day ago . chaz ( smile sadly ) a couple of day ago ... a couple of day ago I be a great , young , budd filmmaker who be go to turn pornography into high art . today I be just a stupid college kid with a toy camera and about as much idea as where he 's go as ... as ... he give up . nikki ( tenderly ) do not be down . chaz sure . pause . nikki I will tell you what I have learn from all this . I be tired of have one fling after another . I do not want any more of that . I want a boyfriend . ( beat ) chaz ? will you be my boyfriend ? he look at she , slowly soften . yes , he will . Rob turn away from skip now , step over and survey the quiet group . rob some party , huh ? arch ( reflectively ) you know what I think 's weird ?... how , when we think ' Buck here get hurt because of skip 's prank , and when thing start happen and we think maybe some of we be get kill , how we all just kind of naturally accept the fact that it be ' oh , yeah , sure , because of the prank . ' skip ( frowns ) what be you talk about ? arch well , it 's like prank really piss people off . it unleash thing , you know ? make any kind of behavior possible , and we accept it . nikki when anything g.o , everything go . chaz yeah . rob what really amaze I be how easy we make it for she . everyone be just out for himself . we could have stop muffy cold if we would only stick together , if we would only work like a team . chaz yeah , she really get we good . skip well , I know what I would do , if I be not she brother ... nikki ( almost without think ) go back and give she a taste of she own medicine , that 's what we should do . nikki step . leek up , hearing herself . skip return the stare . skip ( shrug , smile ) do I say anything ? the other look at each other , a beat , register . arch hey ... chaz go back and scare the shit outta she for a change ? outrageous ! nikki she sure would not be expect it ...! harvey ( excluding himself ) well , I do not know . I get a stack o' book this high ... rob ( step into the fray ) harvey 's right . ( to they all ) look , what be you talk about ? we have have we fun . now we get work to do . arch yeah . enough 's enough . at least for I anyway . chaz pussy . kit well , I kinda like the idea -- and I do not have work to get back to . she square she shoulder . rob ( look up , in surprise ) kit ... kit ( decidedlyl muffy can dish it out . it might be interesting to see if she can take it . chaz all right ! a real catfight ! rob ( open-mouthed at she ) I do not believe you ... kit ( provocatively ) just because you have decide to get serious about you life , do not mean the rest of we can not have we fun nikki ( whoops , turn ) Buck , get any spare professional trick you could throw we way ! Buck look up , confuse , only now plugging in . kit so how many do that make we ? skip ( excluding himself ) much as I would like to ... nan ( genteelly ) no , I do not think so , thank you . nikki continue count . Rob make it easy for she . rob ( emphatically ) four. he meet kit 's stare squarely , give she time to change she mind . but kit smile back , victorious . chaz ( one of the four ) outasight ! kit Cal , we want to get back to the island . ferryman now ? you just leave kit I know . ferryman [ pondering ) ... well , not in this ... ( smile slightly ) ... but you might find something around after we dock . ext . landing - mainland - day the big ferry drift into the slip , and the passenger begin to disembark . int . muffy' bedroom - house - day the phone on the bedstand ring . muffy answer it on the second ring . muffy ( sleepily ) h'lo ? intercut with : ext . landing - day skip be talk on a pay phone . skip ( cheerily ) hi , it 's I . surprise . muffy ( grumpily , stir ) what would you forget now ? skip nothing . just call to tell you the party 's not over . she moan . muffy I know . the clean - up 's go to take Clara and I at least a week . skip no , I mean , some of the gang 's plan on come back to give you some of you own medicine . cu muffy come awake . muffy you be kid . skip do a bear shit in the wood ? muffy that bastard ... skip hey , they be you friend . muffy which one ? skip that would not be very sport if I tell you , would it ? muffy ( insistent ) skip ... skip Rob and kit and nikki and chaz . muffy figure ... thanks . skip well , uncle Frank tell I about he recommendation . so , I do not want you to think there be any hard feeling . muffy ( affectionately ) oh , skip , you dope . you know daddy will come around just as soon as you decide to buckle down . skip yeah ... ( beat ) anyway , do not let the bastard eat you up . muffy I will try not to act too surprised when they arrive . skip I love you , sis . muffy you too , goofball . skip hang up . arch ( o.s. ) asshole . skip I beg you pardon ? angle widen to include arch , who have be stand beside skip the entire time . arch it be even you idea . skip a petty consistency be the hobgoblin of little mind . arch bullshit . St. John blood be thicker than water , that 's what you mean . skip ( archly sarcastic ) do not you know ? Old money stick together . arch go to he car and drive away . at some distance , harvey be tchase down uncle Frank as the latter close in on he mercede sedan . harvey well , can I look you up in a couple of month ? maybe you could arrange a job interview for I . uncle frank sure , sure . ( reach into he pocket ) here 's my card . harvey ( taking it ) thank you , sir . thanks a lot . I sure appreciate it , and it 's be a real pleasure meeting you . but uncle Frank be already in the car and start it up . harvey look down at the card . close up - uncle franks business card it read simply : Franklin St. John , St. John et freres . back to scene harvey hey , wait a minute ! there 's no phone number here ! no address ! no nothing ! too late . uncle Frank be drive away . he speed past skip who be walk down the road further along . he do not even stop for he own nephew . harvey kick the dirt angrily . o.s. behind he a horn toot . harvey turn and scowl at nan , who would like to get past . he step aside , and she peel away but she stop for skip . they exchange a few word . then he climb into the front seat beside she , and she drive off . now harvey be alone . he look around for a beat , then toss the card away and move toward he car . ext . shoreline - late afternoon Rob and chaz be trudging along . chaz what the fuck be he talk about anyway ? we might find something around after we dock ? they walk out onto a private peer and eye the boat moor there . rob what the fuck do you think he be talk about ? chaz oh. voice ( o.s. ) hey ! what be you two do down there ?! Rob and chaz look o.s. in response to the voice . ext . shoreline - further along - later still trudging . chaz well , now we have be identify . rob swell . chaz it 's get late . rob what a great idea this be . they round a bend and stop dead . there Pov in the distance , kit and nikki be climb into a boat . nikki see they and wave . nikki ( calling } we get one ! Rob and chaz . rob I think we look there a hour ago . chaz who care ? let 's get this show on the road ! he start run to the boat . Rob reluctantly follow . chaz ( call back to they ) do you find a key ? how be we go to get the motor start ? ext . back of the house - sunset the house stand quiet , the die ray of sunlight reflect off the large bay window overlook the sound . ext . the SOUND - dusk as , huddle together in a rowboat , chaz , nikki , Rob and kit arduously make they way back to the island . int . front entry - night look at the front door . someone be visible through the translucent glass pane come up to the door . a knock sound . int . various shot around the house - same as o.s. the knock continue . no sign of muffy . int . front entry muffy finally emerge from the study , cross to the door and open it . nikki walk in . nikki ( awkwardly ) muffy , hi ! surprise ! muffy nikki , what on earth be you do here ? be something wrong ? nikki no , no , nothing 's wrong . chaz and I just figure there be nothing we have to get back to that could not wait and you could probably use a hand with the clean-up . it 's we way of say thank you . muffy oh , great . where be chaz ? nikki be already move into the live room . nikki put the boat up in the old boathouse . he will be up in a minute . ext . dock and boat house ­ night nobody around and no sign of a boat ... ext . front of the house - night ... still and wait int . live room - night muffy and nikki be seat across from each other . nikki I wonder what 's keep chaz ? he should have be up here by now . muffy maybe he stop to shit in the wood . you know chaz . nikki still ... I be beginning to not like this . muffy by the way , where do you get the boat to come back here ? nikki the boat ? oh , Cal give we one . muffy I see . pause . nikki listen , I need a drink of water . ( rising ) you just stay here . I can get it myself . she walk out of the live room . muffy look after she and smile to herself . int . kitchen - night as nikki enter . she do not turn on any light , but simply cross to one of the kitchen window and open it . she gaze out into the night for a moment , then back out of the kitchen ... int . dine rom - night ... pull the swinging door close behind she . she turn , take two step toward the live room and stop ; remember she water . she go back to the kitchen door , but suddenly it will not open for she . frustrate , she head back through the dining room , but stop dead halfway across and turn slowly and look back at the kitchen door . she go out of the dining room ... int . downstair hall - same ... and walk up to the other door into the kitchen . it too it 's close and will not yield . int . live room - night as nikki return . muffy what about you water ? nikkl oh ' , uh , I drank ' it in there . ( beat ) listen . muffy , I be really get worried about chaz . I think we should go out and see what 's happen . muffy that 's okay . you go . I will wait here . nikki no , really . I do not want to go alone . I be still scared from last night . please come with I . muffy I be sure chaz be fine . I will stay here by the phone just in case . it 's safer this way . ( beat ) do you want a flashlight ? nikki ( irritate ) no , that 's okay . I will be fine . she stride out of the live room . ext . house - same as nikki come out the front door and head off into the wood . nikki ( muttering ) shit . int . live room - night muffy sit quietly a moment , think . then she get up and go toward the kitchen . int . downstair hall - she come to the kitchen door , push it open ... no sweat ... and enter . int . kitchen - same muffy do not turn any light on either . she go to the sink , see that there be no use water glass , then ' she notice the open window . she smile . she do get herself a bottle of perrier out of the fridge , open it , pour it and walk back out of the kitchen , leave the window untouched . ext . wood - night nikki stumble through the darkness . suddenly she disappear from view with a loud splash . nikki fuck ! she come up sputtering to the surface of a small forest pool she have fall into . nikki fuck !! who dig the goddamn swim pool ?!? she drag herself out . kit ( o.s. ) nikki ? nikki ( calling back ) yeah ! she walk , drip wet , into a clear nearby where kit it make chaz up to look bloody and gruesome . nikki . we have to go to plan B. chaz she would not come out ? do not she care about I ? no one answer he . chaz ( cont . ) how do I look ? nikki a lot goddamn , fuck better than I do ! int . kitchen - night no one be here as ' Rob pop he head up outside and slip in through the open window . he stop in the middle of the kitchen and listen . then he go into ... int . downstair hall - same he creep down the hall , then turn and start to tiptoe up the back stair . camera dolly further down the hall to ... int . front entry - same ... just as nikki burst in through the door . nikki , muffy ! muffy ! come quick ! it 's chaz ... int . live room - same nikki ( running in ) ...he 's hurt ! oh , godl ! she stop suddenly . muffy be not here . frustrate , nikki run back into ... int . front entry - same she look around . nikki muffy !! she dash into ... int . study - same nikki muff --!!! ... and stop short . muffy be lie face down in a pool of blood . her throat 's be cut . the useless phone receiver be clutch in she hand ( make that constant phone company noise that let you know the phone be off the hook ) . nikki ( rising panic ) muffy ? her throat gag a couple of time , as if she be about to be sick . she turn and fly out of the room . o.s. the front door slam shut behind she . ext . wood - night nikki ( o.s , ) ( hysterical ) chaz !! chaz !! she run into another clear ( the camera have be here wait for she ) where chaz be reveal lie on the ground , look much more hideous than muffy . nikki chaz , get up ! · hurry , chaz !... come on ! he do not move . nikki chaz , stop play around ! get up !! she start kick he in the side . nikki chaz ! chaz do not stir , but he do speak now without move he lip . chaz ( hiss , pretend to be dead ) will you quit kick I ? it hurt . nikki it 's suppose to hurt ! the game 's over ! get up ! chaz ( still not move ) no. I be dead . you be blow the whole thing . where 's muffy ? nikki ( shrieking ) muffy be dead !!! in the house !!! ( whimpering ) oh , God ... chaz ( sit up suddenly ) what ? nikki ( turn to the wood ) kit ! kit , come out ! there be rustling o.s. , then kit start to emerge . kit what 's go on ? int . study - same muffy be still lie face down as we see she last . she hear footstep go upstairs . int . attic - same Rob be creep up the attic stair when he hear footstep o.s. too . he pause , he face drain of color . ext . house - night as chaz , nikki and kit come racing up to the door and run inside . int . study - same as they come charge in ... nikki she 's go ! nothing leave , but the pool of blood and a thin trail of smear drying blood to indicate that she 's be drag away . kit what ?... chaz look , she 's be drag away . nikki ( panicking ) chaz ! somebody 's still in this house ! chaz we could follow the trail . kit ( dread ) oh , no ... what about Rob ? ( half beat ) Rob !! she race out of the study . int . attic - night the three of they come clamber up the stair , kit in the lead . they turn a corner . then they see he ... dead on the floor . kit Rob ...? they run over to he . kit ( drop to she knee ) rob? Rob ?? ( shaking he : wail ) Rob !!! ( dissolve into tear ) it be only a game ! chaz ( scare shitless ) what the fuck be go on here ?! nikki ( pointing ) chaz , look ! clutch in Rob 's lifeless hand be a leather bookmark we may have notice before . chaz slip it out from beneath he finger . chaz ( day ) this be nan' ... nikki ( trembling ) nan ... suddenly there be a loud knock beneath they o.s . they all look up . someone be come slowly up the stair , the loud footstep o.s.that could only be make by a heavy boot , thunder closer ... and closer ... kit and nikki and chaz huddle around Rob 's body and await they approach doom . suddenly a dark figure fill the doorframe at the top of the stair . a hand with a knife be raise . · nikki scream . chaz spy a lamp on the floor . he turn it on ... nikki muffy ! muffy walk into the room , lowering the knife . muffy good job , you guy . I be really scared . ( looking down ) the fun 's over , Rob . kit ( tear in she eye ) muffy , he 's dead ! nikki somebody else be here ! in this house ! muffy sure . sure . ( bending over ) let 's see if the dead be ticklish , shall we ? kit ( pull she away ; scream ) do not you touch he !! muffy okay , okay , take it easy . nikki muffy , it 's not a game anymore ! just then there be a loud crash o.s. of glass break down on the first floor . after the slight pause there be another crash o.s. , and another ... someone be smash in all the bay window along the back porch . nikki scream . muffy ( alarm ) what the --? and she run back down the attic stair , follow quickly by the other . int . upstair hallway - same as muffy burst out of the stairway and into the hall . then kit. suddenly the door to the stairwell slam shut on nikki and chaz cut they off . a key turn in the lock . muffy and kit turn back to see a male figure in the darkness who would be hide behind the door . kit be nearest to he , and without warning , he lunge at she and bury a knife into she stomach ·up to the handle . kit scream and choke , try to fight he off : but he stab she again , and again and again , plunging the knife deep into she with every thrust . kit muffy ! stop he ! help ! he 's kill I ! oh , God ! he 's kill I ! muffy , initially paralyze with fear , now run for she life , down the hallway , down the stair ... int . entry hall - same ... and to the front door as kit 's scream o.s. fade to silence . muffy yank on the door handle , but the door will not open . she pull again and again desperately , but it will not budge , she turn and run out of the entry hall . just as she clear frame , the front door swing silently open ... int . downstair hallway - same muffy be racing past the back stair toward the kitchen when a hand reach out from the pantry and hook she around the face . she be pull backward , scream , through the swinging door into the darken pantry . int . pantry ­ same it be skip ! he pull she head back , expose she throat . he raise a knife to it , still stain with kit 's blood . skip ( raving ) it 's all over , muffy ! everything will be mine ! muffy skip ! no ! ! ! he make a move to slit she throat , when muffy kick open the swinging door and see ... her Pov ... stand on the other side , smile , in various state of fake blood and mess ... Rob , kit , nikki , chaz and nan . muffy 's eye pop out . skip 's hand relax . and the other burst out laugh . fade out fade in ext . the house ­ day close up a sign be lift into the air . it read : april BAY lodge just another country Inn proprietor : St. John et frere pull back to see muffy supervise the raise of the sign in front of the house , while skip drive up in the van , bring the first customer to the door .