X - file North Texas 35,000 BC ( two heavily bundle man be show run through a snowstorm . in a cave , they find they lose comrade , and a alien find they . the one man be kill by the alien and while the other one defend himself by stabbing the alien , he be infect with the black oil . cut to ... ) North Texas present Day ( stevie fall through a weak spot in the ground and he three friend look down upon he . ) kid 1 stevie , you ok ? stevie I get ... I get ... [ cough ] I get the wind knock out of I . [ stevie look around and then wander deeper into the cavern . ] kid 1 stevie ? stevie it 's a human skull ! kid 2 toss it up here , dude ! stevie no way butt-munch , this be mine . [ pause ] anyway , there 's bone all over the place . [ stevie look at the skull , then , look down , he see that there be a puddle of black oil under he right shoe . ] stevie what the ...? kid 1 stevie ? [ the black oil begin to overtake he , crawl under he skin until they meet and cloud he eye . ] kid 2 hey man , let 's get out of here . [ the boy run away from the hole . the camera pan back to show that the scene be happen in a suburban area outside a large town . fade to later the same day . Fire truck pull up to the scene . ] FIRE chief [ look down hole ] we be go to need a fourteen footer . [ a ladder slam down onto the bottom of the hole . ] FIRE chief this be [ static ] , I will be act as the old town hc . ok , in the hole , two down . [ two man climb down into the hole and crouch by stevie , who be lie down in the dirt in the cavern . ] FIRE chief [ talk to radio ] tc , you see the boy ? talk to I . Jerry , check tc 's radio . in the hole . [ Black helicopter fly in and land at the scene . a man , bronschweig , exit the chopper . ] bronschweig [ to FIRE chief ] get this people out of here . [ four man in biohazard suit exit the helicopter , and carry a person-sized container towards the hole . ] FIRE chief initial report say that the boy' eye have turn black , then I lose contact with my man . [ the man in suit carry the container , which now have the boy in it , to the helicopter ] FIRE chief what about my man ? [ the helicopter take off . ] FIRE chief what about my man ?? [ several tanker truck and semi-truck pull up to the scene . ] FIRE chief what the ...? [ bronschweig watch , and then walk behind one of the truck where no one else can hear . he dial a number on he cell phone . ] bronschweig [ in phone ] it 's bronschweig . Sir , the unthinkable situation that we never plan for ? well , we better come up with a plan . Federal Building , Dallas Texas [ scene begin with FBI agent on the Federal Building roof with dog and helicoptor . Darius michaud be direct the activity ....] michaud found anything yet ? man no sir . michaud do you send the dog through ? man yes , but we do not find anything . michaud then send they through again . man [ to other FBI agent ] all right everyone , we be do it again . [ michaud look at a building across the street where a lone person be walk on the roof ..... cut to the other building where we see scully on she cell phone ...] scully mulder , it 's I . mulder where be you , scully ? scully I be on the roof . mulder do you find anything ? scully no I have not . mulder what 's wrong ? scully well , I just climb up 12 floor , I be hot , I be thirsty and to be honest , I be wonder what I be do up here . mulder you be look for a bomb . scully yes , I know that , but the threat be call in to the Federal building across the street . mulder I think they have that cover . scully mulder , when a terrorist bomb threat be call in , the rational purpose of provide that information be to allow we to find the bomb . the rational object of terrorism be to promote terror . if you would study the statistic , you would find the model behavioral pattern for virtually every case where a threat have turn up a explosive device ; and if we do not act in accordance with that data , if you ignore it as we have do , the chance be great that if there actually be a bomb , we might not find it . live could be lose .... mulder . mulder ? ( he pop up behind she ) mulder boom . scully Jesus , mulder ! mulder whatever happen to play a hunch , scully ? scully I know you be bored in this assignment , mulder , but unconventional think be only go to get you in trouble now . mulder what make you think I be bored ? scully you have gotta quit look for what be not there . they have close the x-file . there 's procedure to be follow now ... protocol . mulder maybe we should call in a bomb threat to Houston . I think it 's free beer night at the astrodome . [ scully attempt to open the door ] scully now what ? mulder it 's lock ? scully so much for anticipate the unforeseen . [ mulder try to open the door and it open easily , scully smile . ] ... I have you . mulder no , you do not . scully oh , yeah . I have you big time . mulder you have nothing . come on , I see you jiggle the handle . [ exiting stairwell / elevator at bottom floor past a group of child , one of which say " FBI . " ] scully I see you face , mulder . there be a definite moment of panic . mulder you have never see I panic . that 's not the face I make when I panic . this be the face I make when I panic . [ mulder 's face register no emotion . ] scully that 's the face I see . mulder you never see that face . scully yes I do , that be the face . you be buyin' . mulder Coke , pepsi , saline iv ? scully something sweet . [ mulder head down to a room contain the vend machine , pass a man on he way out . he do not see the man double - back and weld the door shut behind mulder . he put money in the machine and nothing come out . he shake the machine , then look behind it and notice that the machine be unplugge . he call scully on she cell phone ( 555- 0113 ) . cut to the lobby , where scully be stand . ] scully [ answer she phone ] scully . mulder scully , I find the bomb . scully you be funny , mulder . where be you ? mulder I be lock in the vend room . [ mulder pound on the door . ] scully be that you pound ? mulder yes , you need to get someone in here . [ scully reach for the doorknob , but it do not turn . it 's lock . ] scully all right , mulder . [ the camera pan to show that the machine be now open and fill with explosive . a timer be tick down . ] mulder look , you have get about fourteen minute to evacuate this building . [ cut back to scully outside of the vend room . scully look down at she watch . ] scully mulder ... mulder thirteen fifty - four . thirteen fifty - two . thirteen fifty . you see a pattern emerge here , scully ? [ scully look down and realize that the key hole have be weld shut . ] scully hang on , mulder , I be go to get you out of there . [ scully go back to the lobby and give order to the security guard ....] scully I need this building evacuate and clear out in 10 minute . I need you to get on the phone and tell the fire department to block off the city center in a one mile radius around the building . don't think ! just pick up the phone and make it happen ! [ on the phone ...] this be special agent dana scully . I need to speak to sac michaud , he 's get the wrong building ! [ vehicle of all assortment pull up to the building . michaud exit a car and begin to hastily walk with scully into the building . ] michaud where be it ? scully in the vend room . agent mulder be lock in with it . [ cut to mulder stare at the bomb , make a emotionless expression . scully call mulder and he jump when he hear the phone ring . he answer the phone . ] mulder you know that face I show you ... I be make it again . scully mulder , get away from the door . we be come in . [ scully and bomb team cut through the door with a torch . ] mulder [ to michaud ] tell I that that 's just soda pop in that canister . michaud [ look at bomb ] it 's just what it look like . a big i.e.d. [ pause ] okay , everyone else clear the building . [ everyone leave the room except michaud , mulder , and scully . ] mulder can you disarm it ? michaud yes I can . mulder we have get less than four minute to see if you be right . michaud [ irritate ] do you hear I ? I give you a direct order . [ mulder nod ] now get out of here ! scully come on , mulder . [ cut to mulder and scully run out of the building . mulder slow and look back . ] mulder something 's wrong . [ scully grab mulder .] scully mulder ... mulder something 's not right . scully there 's no time !! [ they get into the wait police car . shot of inside the building with michaud sit wait for the bomb to go off -- not attempt to stop it . the building explode . mulder and scully get out of the car and look at the damage . ] mulder next time , you be buy . Washington DC , Office of professional Review [ after the bombing , mulder and scully be call in for question by a FBI review panel head by assitant d.a. Jana cassidy . mulder arrive late to the review . upon he entrance , mulder and scully learn that five body be find in the federal building . a boy 's , three firemen , and sac michaud . insisting that the building be empty with the exception of michaud , mulder be force to wait outside while scully present she narrative . while mulder wait , Skinner alert he to what be really go on . * indicate that the line be from the novelization of the movie , and may differ from the movie itself . ] cassidy due to the event at waco and Ruby Ridge , there be a heighten need at the Attorney General 's office to place responsibility as early as possible for the catastrophic destruction of public property and loss of life due to terrorist activity . many detail be still unclear , but we be under some pressure from the Attorney General to give a accurate picture of what happen so that she can issue a public statement . we know now that five people die , in the explosion . special ... ( mulder enter , late . ) cassidy .. special agent in charge Darius michaud , who be try to defuse the bomb that be hide in a vend machine , three firemen from Dallas and a young boy . now , I would like to begin this interview ... mulder Excuse I -- the firemen and the young boy , they be find in the building ? cassidy agent mulder , since you be not able to be on time for this hearing , I would like you to step outside so that we can hear agent scully 's version of the fact so that she will not be pay the same disrespect . mulder we have be tell the building be clear ... cassidy you will get you turn , agent mulder . please step outside . ( mulder leave the hearing , and skinner join he in the hallway . ) skinner you do not see what 's go on , do you ? there 's forty million dollar in damage to the city of Dallas . live have be lose . so the story be shape be that this could have be prevent . mulder they want to blame we . skinner agent mulder , you and I both know that if it look bad , it 's bad for the FBI . blame have to be assign somewhere mulder if they want to blame someone they can blame I , agent scully do not deserve this . skinner she 's in there right now say the same thing about you . mulder I breach protocol . I break contact with the sac . I ignore a primary tactical rule and leave he alone with the device . skinner agent scully say that it be she who order you out of the building , that you want to go back ... mulder no . [ scully enter , have be excuse from she hearing . ] scully they be ask for you , sir . [ skinner leave and go into the hearing room . ] mulder whatever you tell they in there , scully , you do not have to protect I . scully all I tell they be the truth mulder they be try to divide we on this and we can not let they . scully mulder , they have divide we . they be split we up . mulder but they be the one who put we together . scully because they want I to invalidate you work into the paranormal . but I think this go deeper than that ... mulder this be not about you , scully . they be do this to I . scully they be not do this , mulder . I leave behind a career in medicine because I think I could make a difference at the FBI . but it have not turn out that way . and now if I be transfer to omaha or witchita , or some other field office - it just do not hold the interest for I that it once do . not after what I have see . mulder ( in total amused disbelief ) you be quit . scully there 's really no reason for I to stay anymore ... maybe you should ask yourself if you heart 's still in it , too . [ Skinner return to summon mulder for he hearing , and as mulder turn to leave scully , she apologize , and turn to find that he have walk off without he jacket . she call to he and he walk back to she for the jacket with hurt and pain in he face . ] skinner agent mulder , you be up . [ mulder begin to walk back to the boardroom . ] scully mulder . [ scully hand mulder he coat , which he nearly forget on the chair . ] scully good luck . [ mulder enter the room , and the camera show scully walk out of the FBI building . ] casey 's bar , Southeast Washington , DC bartender I would say this just about exceed you minimum daily requirement . [ mulder drink the entire glassful , and upon set it down he nearly knock over glass but try to catch they . ] bartender whoa , easy there . gotta train for this kind of heavy lift . Rough day ? [ mulder put he finger to the bar as a sign that he want another . mulder look over he shoulder and notice a man at the bar watch he ] so what be it that you do ? mulder what do I do ? bartender mmm hmm . mulder I be the key figure in a on-go government charade , the plot to conceal the truth about the existence of extraterrestrials . it 's a global conspiracy , actually , with key player in the high level of power , that reach down into the life of every man , woman , and child on this planet , so , of course , no one believe I . I be a annoyance to my superior , a joke to my peer . they call I spooky . spooky mulder , whose sister be abduct by alien when he be just a kid and who now chase after little green man with a badge and a gun , shouting to the heaven or to anyone who will listen that the fix be in , that the sky be fall and when it hit it 's gonna be the shit-storm of all time . bartender well . I would say that about do it , spooky . [ take drink away from mulder ] mulder do what ? bartender look like eighty - six be you lucky number . [ mulder take money out of he wallet . ] mulder you know , one be the loneliest number . [ mulder look over he shoulder again and see the man be no longer at the bar . he then get up , waver a bit , then walk to the men' room which he find be out of order . he knock on the woman 's door and it 's occupy . he go out the exit into the alley and relieve himself ( on a poster of Independence Day ) . the man from the bar , Dr. kurtzweil , walk outside . ] kurtzweil that official FBI business ? mulder what ? kurtzweil Bet the Bureau 's accuse you of do the same thing in Dallas . mulder how 's that ? kurtzweil stand around hold you yank while bomb be explode . mulder [ annoyed ] do I know you ? kurtzweil no , but I have be watch you career for a long time , ever since you be just a promise young agent . mulder you come out here for a reason ? kurtzweil yeah . [ kurtzweil step up to the wall and unzip pants , and begin to relieve himself . mulder begin to walk inside . ] kurtzweil I be a doctor , a old friend of you father 's . [ mulder turn back around to look at kurtzweil . ] kurtzweil we be in the war together , but he disenchantment outlast mine . mulder you a reporter ? kurtzweil I be a doctor , but I think I mention that . ob - gyn . mulder you have get as much time to talk to I as it take to hail a cab . [ mulder and kurtzweil be outside now , mulder be raise he hand to hail a cab . ] kurtzweil what 's the question nobody 's ask ? why that building ? why not the federal building ? mulder the federal building be too well guard . kurtzweil no . they put the bomb in the building across the street because it do have federal office . the Federal emergency management Agency have a provisional medical quarantine office there , which be where the body where find . but that 's the thing ... the thing you do not know . the thing you would never think to check . [ pause ] that people be already dead . mulder before the bomb go off ? kurtzweil that 's what I be say . [ a cab pull up . ] mulder I think you be full of shit . kurtzweil do you now ? [ mulder enter the cab and close the door . ] mulder Arlington , please . mulder on second think , let go to georgetown . let 's go to georgetown ... scully 's apartment , georgetown [ a shot of scully lay awake in she bed , when pound begin on she door . she answer the door to face she partner . ] mulder sorry I wake you ... do I wake you ? scully no . mulder why not ? it 's three o'clock in the morning ... scully be you drunk , mulder ? mulder I ... I ... I be until about 20 minute ago , yeah . scully be that before or after you decide to come here ? mulder what exactly be you imply ? scully go home , mulder . mulder no , get dress . scully mulder ... mulder I will explain on the way . just get dress . North Texas ( blackwood ) [ the camera show a large tent over the area of the hole , and guard patrol the area . a helicopter fly in and cigarette smoke man ( csm ) exit the helicopter after it land . cut to the actual entrance of the cave . a man in a white biohazard suit climb up the ladder and another scientist help he remove he headgear , revealing that it be bronschweig . bronschweig look over and see that csm be in the tent . csm approach . ] csm you get something to show I ? [ cut to in the cavern . csm be now in a bio-hazard suit and be follow bronschweig .] bronschweig we have cool the temperature back down to sub-zero , in order to slow the development , which be like nothing we have ever see . csm bring on by ? bronschweig heat , I think . the subincurrent invasion of a host , the fireman , in a climate that raise he temperature above ninety - eight point six . [ bronschweig pull back a curtain in the temperature regulate room , show a man who be cover in goo and be barely alive . something else be move and grow inside he . ] csm this man be still alive . bronschweig physically , and biologically . [ pause ] but he will never recover ... should we destroy it like the other ? csm no , no . we have to try we vaccine on it . bronschweig and if it 's unsuccessful ? csm burn it , like the other . Montgomery County maryland - the morgue [ have convinced scully to once again join he on he search for the truth , mulder bring she to autopsy the body of the firefighter from the Dallas explosion . ] clerk id and floor you be visit . mulder we be go down to the morgue . clerk that area be currently off limit to anyone other than authorize medical personel . mulder on whose order ? clerk General mcaddie 's mulder General mcaddie be who request we come here . we be awaken at three am and tell to get down here immediately . clerk I do not know anything about that . mulder well , call General mcaddie . clerk I do not have he number . mulder they can patch you through the switchboard . you do not know the switchboard number ? clerk I be call my c.o . mulder listen , son . we do not have time to dick around here , watch you demonstrate you ignorance of the chain of command . the order come from General mcaddie . call he . we will conduct we business while you confirm authorization . clerk why do not you go ahead down and I will confirm autorization . mulder thank you . [ he walk off with scully ] why be a morgue suddenly off limit on order of a general ? [ they arrive in one of the room , where a man 's body lie on a gurney ] scully this be one of the firemen who die in Dallas ? mulder accord to the toe tag . scully and you be look for ? mulder Cause of death scully I can tell you without even look at he . concussive organ failure due to proximal exposure to source and fly debris . this body have already be autopsie , mulder . you can tell from the way it 's be wrap and dress . [ mulder pull back the cover sheet . ] mulder do this fit the description you just read I , scully ? scully oh my God . this man 's tissue - mulder it 's like jelly . scully there 's some kind of cellular breakdown . it 's completely edematous . mulder , there 's be no autopsy preform . there 's no y-incision , no internal exam . mulder so you be tell I that the information on that autopsy report be false ? that this man do not die of exposure and fly debris ? scully I can not tell you what kill this man , and I be not sure anyone else could either . [ mulder and scully wheel the body into the lab . ] scully you know this man do not die at the bomb site before we get here . you be say that this be a coverup ? of what ? mulder I do not know , but I have a hunch that what you be go to find here will not be easily categorize or reference . scully mulder , this be go to take some time . sooner or later , they be go to realize that we be not even suppose to be here . mulder we be be blame for this man 's death , I would like to know what he die of , would not you ? [ mulder leave she to attend to the autopsy and go to find kurtzweil . ] mulder ( to cab driver ) here . I think this be it . [ cut to a shot of mulder enter kurtzweil 's apartment . mulder begin to look around , flipping through some magazine on a table . a detective enter the room . ] detective Excuse I . May I help you ? mulder I be look for Dr. kurtzweil . detective you have some sort of business with he ? [ mulder flash he badge ] another detective the fed be after he too . detective Nice business he have , eh ? mulder what 's that ? detective selling naked picture of little kid on he computer . [ pause ] that be what you be look for he for ? [ mulder pick up some book from the bookshelf . one of the title be " countdown to the apocalypse " , and both be write by kurtzweil . ] mulder no ... [ pause ] I have a appointment for a pelvic exam ... detective hey , you want we should give you a call if he turn up ? mulder no , do not bother . [ mulder exit the building , and see kurtzweil in the alley . he motion to mulder to come closer . mulder enter the alley . ] kurtzweil see this crap ? someone know I be talk to you . mulder ( sarcastically ) not accord to the man in blue . kurtzweil well , what be it this time ? kiddy porn again ? sexual battery of a patient ? mulder they want to discredit you , for what ? kurtzweil because I be a dangerous man . because I know too much about the truth . mulder oh , that end -of - the-world apocalyptic garbage you write ? kurtzweil you know my work ? [ he smile hopefully , but mulder just sigh . ] I be right about Dallas , be not I ? mulder how ? how be you right ? kurtzweil be you familiar with the hanta virus , agent mulder ? mulder yeah , it be a deadly virus spread by field mouse in the southwestern United States several year ago . kurtzweil accord to the newspaper , fema be call out to manage a outbreak of the hanta virus . be you aware of what the Federal emergency management Agency 's real power be ? fema allow the White House to suspend constitutional government upon declaration of a national emergency . think about that ! what be a agency with such broad-sweeping power do manage a small viral outbreak in suburban Texas ? mulder you be say it be not such a small outbreak . kurtzweil no , I be say it be not the hanta virus . [ another police car pull up to the front of the building . mulder and kurtzweil walk farther into the alleyway . ] kurtzweil when you father and I be in the service , we be recruit for a project . it be biological warfare . mulder what kill that man ? kurtzweil what kill that man I will not even write about . we have no context for what kill that man , and no appreciation for how it will be unleash in the future . the plague to end all plague , agent mulder . a silent weapon for a quiet war . the sytematic release of a indiscriminant organism for which the man who bring it on still have no cure ! they have be work on this for fifty year ! while the rest of the world have be fight gook and commy , this man have be secretly negotiate a plan armageddon ! mulder negotiate with whom ? kurtzweil I think you know . the timetable have be set . it will happen on a holiday , when people be away from they home . the president will declare a state of emergency , at which time all federal agency , all governemnt will come under the power of the Federal emergency management Agency . fema , agent mulder , the secret government . mulder and they tell I I be paranoid . kurtzweil go back to Dallas , agent mulder , and dig . or we will find out with the rest of the country , when it 's too late . [ meanwhile , back at the morgue , scully be hide under one of the gurney as the guard be look for she . ] mulder ( over phone ) scully , it 's I ... scully ( whisper ) yeah . mulder why be you whisper ? scully ( whisper ) I can not really talk right now , mulder . mulder scully , listen to I . I be go home , then I be book a flight to Dallas . I be get you a ticket too . scully ( whisper ) mulder , I have a hearing tomorrow ... mulder I need you there with I . I need you expertise on this . scully ( whisper ) mulder , I be way past the point of common sense here . mulder this have nothing to do with common sense . scully ? [ she have hang up on he ] Dallas , Texas 11:21 am FBI field Office field agent you be look for what amount to a needle in a haystack . I be afraid the explosion be so devastating that there have not be a whole lot we have be able to put together just yet . mulder I be look for anything out of the ordinary . maybe something from the fema office where the body where find . field agent we be not expect to find that remain of course . they go right off to Washington . mulder be there anything in that office that do not go to d.c .? field agent some bone fragment come up in the sift this morning . we think we have another casualty but it turn out fema get they from a archeological site . mulder have you examine they ? field agent no . just fossil , as far as we know . [ scully enter the room and mulder notice she . without motion to she , he turn to the field agent and indicate scully .... ] mulder I would like this person to take a look , if you do not mind . field agent let I see if I can lay my hand on what you be look for . [ he walk off to look ] mulder [ to scully ] I think you say you be not come . scully I be not plan on it . particularly after spend a half a hour in cold storage this morning . but I get a better look at the blood and tissue sample I take from the fireman . mulder what do you find ? scully something I could not show to anyone else . not without more information , and not without attract the kind of attention I would just as soon avoid right now . [ the field agent return with the fossil . ] field agent here you be . they be just fossil , and they be not near the blast site so they will not tell you much . mulder [ hand scully a container of bone fragment ] here , why do not you take a look at this . [ scully put one of the bone fragment under the microscope and look through it . she almost immediately turn to mulder , who take in she expression . ] mulder you say this come from a archeological site ? field agent I can show it to you right on the map . North Texas ( blackwood ) [ part and equipment be be pack up . a temperature - regulate transportation container be be move next to the hole . bronschweig be direct people . ] bronschweig I want this container check and recalibrate . I want a steady , negative two degree throughout the transport after I administer the vaccine . [ bronschweig , don in a bio-hazard suit , climb down the ladder and prepare to administer the vaccine . he pull back the curtain and find that the body of the fireman have a large hole in it and the alien be be go . he pull away he headgear to look around and go back to the ladder , start to climb up . ] bronschweig it 's go ! it 's leave the body , I think it 's gestate . [ he stop climb . ] wait , I can see it . [ he climb back down and pull out a syringe and a small bottle of liquid . ] so much for little green man . I be go to try to administer the vaccine . ____ , I need you down here . [ one of the man still above ground exit the camera view to go don a bio-hazard suit . bronschweig put the needle into the small bottle , and draw back some of the vaccine . he look back up , and can not see the alien . he look around , and the alien appear behind he , and draw its claw . it attack he , slice at he face . bronschweig stab the syringe into it , and it momentarily go away from he . bronschweig stagger to the ladder and clutches it .] help ! I need help ! [ he begin to climb the ladder , but the man above put the lid over the hole and seal it .] what be you do ?! [ the man above cover the clear lid with dirt . ] what be you do ?! oh God ! [ the alien grab bronschweig 's face and pull he away from the camera . ] somerset England [ well manicure man ( wmm ) sit watch he grandchild play in the garden behind the mansion . one of they fall and the other gather around , wmm look concerned , then be approach by a servant . ] servant phone for you , sir . wmm [ to phone ] yes ? csm we have a situation . the member be assemble . wmm be it a emergency ? csm yes . a meeting be set , tonight in London . we must determine a course . wmm who call this meeting ? csm strughold . he 's just get on a plane in tunis . London England wmm have strughold arrive ? man yes , they be wait for you in the library , sir . [ in a small room , people be gather around a small monitor , a image of mulder and scully at the morgue be freeze onscreen . wmm enter . ] strughold we begin to worry . wmm I be sorry . my grandson fall and break he leg . strughold while we have be make to wait , we have watch surveilance tape which have raise more concern . wmm more concern about what ? strughold we have be force to reassess we role in colonization . first elder the virus have mutate . wmm into what ? strughold a new extraterrestrial biological entity . wmm my God ! if this be true . all we work . they have be use we all along . strughold we be go to tell they what we have find , what we have learn by turn over a body infect by the gestate organism . wmm in hope of what ? learn that it 's true ? that we be nothing but digestive for the creation of a new race of alien life - form . by cooperate now , we be but begger to we own demise . strughold cooperation be the only chance of save ourselves . csm they still need we to carry out they preparation . strughold we will continue to use they as they use we . if only to play for more time , to continue work on we vaccine . wmm my lateness might have be my absence . a course have already be decide . csm but there be complication . [ look at surveillance video ] mulder see one of the infect body that we have destroy in Dallas . he 's go back there again . someone have tip he . wmm who ? csm kurtzweil we think . wmm no one believe kurztweil or he book . first elder mulder believe . csm then kurtzweil must be remove . strughold as must mulder . wmm kill mulder , we take the risk of turn one man 's quest into a crusade . strughold then you must take away what he hold most valuable . that with which he can not live without . blackwood Texas mulder this be where the agent indicate on the map . scully there 's no evidence of any archeological site or dig here . mulder and you be sure that that fossil have the same virus that the firemen have ? scully yes , the bone be both porous , as if the virus be disgesting it . mulder and you have never see that virus before . scully no . mulder look at this . [ mulder and scully walk over to a playground ] mulder this look like new grass to you ? scully it look pretty green for this climate . mulder Ground 's dry about a inch down . this be laid recently . scully the equipment look brand new too . mulder no irrigation system . somebody 's cover they track . [ mulder and scully spot 3 child on bike and approach they ] mulder hey ... scully do you boy live around here ? kid yeah . mulder you see anybody diggin ' over there ? kid we be not suppose to talk about it . scully you be not suppose to talk about it ? who tell you that ? kid nobody . mulder nobody ? the same nobody who build that playground , nobody buy you that new bike ? scully I think you better tell we . kid we do not even know you . scully well , we be FBI Agents . kid you be not FBI Agents . mulder how do you know ? kid Cause ya will look like door- to - door salesmen . mulder [ he pull out he badge ] here , you wanna buy a badge ? [ after look at mulder 's badge the kid point , in unison , to where the man have go . ] kid they leave about a hour ago , that a'way . Texas -- en route [ at a fork in the proverbial and literal road , mulder and scully discuss what they be chase , and the best course of action . ] mulder unmark tanker truck . what be archeologist haul out in tanker truck ? scully I do not know , mulder . mulder and where be they go with it ? scully that 's the first question to answer if we be ever go to find they . mulder ( refering to direction ) what be my choice ? scully about a hundred mile of nothing in each direction . we have get two choice . one of they be wrong . mulder I think they go leave . scully I do not know why , but I think they go right . [ mulder debate for a moment , and then in a leap of faith , symbolic of they partnership , he decide to go neither leave nor right , but instead forges straight ahead . ] mulder five year together , scully . how many time I be wrong ? never . about drive anyway . [ after a long while of drive mulder and scully stop to look at the map . scully get out of the car annoyed and mulder quip that he be at least right about the bomb . scully detail the irony of the fact that she have to be back in D.C. for a meeting which decide she fate , and she be with he chase what she refer to as phantom tanker truck . ] mulder I be right about the bomb , be not I ? scully this be great , this be fitting . mulder what be ? scully I have to be in Washington in eleven hour for a hearing that may effect one of the great decision in my life , and I be in the middle of nowhere Texas chase phantom tanker truck ! mulder we be not chase truck . we be chase evidence . scully evidence of what exactly ? mulder that bomb in Dallas be allow to go off , to hide body infect with a virus . a virus you yourself detect . scully they haul gas in tanker truck , they haul oil in tanker truck , they do not haul viruse in tanker truck . mulder well , maybe they do in this tanker truck . scully what be not you tell I here ? mulder ? mulder ( hesitant ) the virus may be extraterrestrial . scully I do not believe this ... I do not ... [ as scully be about to comment , a train complete with tanker pass they . as a singular unit , no longer squabbling about leave , right or center , they chase after the train and they truth . ] a cornfield , dome in the middle of it all , surround by desert scully this be weird . mulder very weird . scully any thought on why anybody would be grow corn in the middle of the desert ? mulder not unless that be giant jiffy pop popper . [ mulder and scully reach the dome and upon they entrance fan whirl sharply startling both . ] scully cool in here . temperature 's be regulate . [ they continue through the large open area of the structure . ] mulder for the purpose of what ? scully I think we be on top of a larger structure here ... mulder you hear that ? scully I hear a hum ... like electricity , high voltage maybe ... [ mulder bend down , put he head against the ground and listen ] mulder maybe ... [ pause ] maybe not . [ mulder continue to listen , the vent in the roof open ] mulder scully ? scully yeah ? mulder run !! [ the vent in the floor open , and hundred of bee pour out , mulder and scully head for the entrance , with mulder a sizable distance ahead of scully .] mulder scully ! scully I can not see ! [ mulder turn back for scully ] mulder grab my hand . [ grabbing she arm , mulder lead she to the door and the fan blow off all the remain cling bee . they both run outside of the building . ] mulder do you get stung ? scully I do not think so . [ a light be see over the corn crop . two black helicopter appear and mulder and scully begin to run through the crop to escape . ] mulder scully ! talk to I , scully ! dammit ! scully ! scully mulder ! [ they begin to run away from the crop , towards the car . the helicopter disappear . ] scully where would they go ? Washington DC , opr [ the FBI review panel wait for scully , for she reassignment out of the X - file . she enter , after try to push she unruly hair into place and straighten she suit . ] skinner she 's come in now . scully I apologize for make you wait . I have new evidence . this be bone fragment recover from the bomb site ... a.d.cassidy you go back to Dallas ? scully yes ... [ while scully be be question , mulder go to meet kurtzweil at casey 's bar . ] kurtzweil do you find anything ? mulder yeah . kurtzweil what do it look like ? mulder be , corn crop ... [ back at the hearing ] a.d.cassidy ... and you have conclusive evidence of this ? scully well , not exactly conclusive ... we be work on gather conclusive evidence ... [ the audience be show a bee crawl on the back of scully 's collar . ] a.d.cassidy work with who ? scully ( hesitate ) ... with agent mulder . [ back to casey 's bar . ] mulder what do you think they be for ? kurtzweil what do you think ? mulder a transportation system . the crop polygenically alter , to carry a virus . kurtzweil that would be my guess . mulder you guess ?! I think you say you have answer ? kurtzweil yeah , well ... I do not have they all ... mulder ( disgust ) you do not know my father ... kurtzweil look , like I say , you father and I be old friend ... mulder ( angrily ) you have be use I to get information for you god - damned book ! kurtzweil lower you voice ! [ kurtzweil leave through the back exit . mulder follow he into the alley . ] mulder kurtzweil ? kurtzweil ! kurtzweil listen , you would be shit out of luck if it be not for I . I be put my ass on the line ... mulder you ass ? I just get chase through Texas by two unmark helicopter ! kurtzweil and why do you think you be here talk to I today ? this people do not make mistake ! mulder 's apartment [ mulder be sit in he apartment , a family picture album open as he stare at a young version of kurtzweil at a family picnic . the door open as scully enter . ] mulder what 's wrong ? scully Salt Lake City , Utah . transfer effective immediately . I already give Skinner my letter of resignation . mulder you can not quit now , scully . scully I can , mulder . I debate whether or not to even tell you in person ... mulder we be close to something here ! we be on the verge ! scully you be on the verge , mulder . please do not do this to I . mulder after what you see last night , after all you have see , you can just walk away ? scully I have , I do , it 's do . mulder I need you on this , scully . scully you do not need I , mulder . you never have . I have just hold you back . [ pause ] I gotta go . [ scully go out into the hall and mulder follow she . ] mulder you wanna tell yourself that so you can quit with a clear conscience , you can , but you be wrong . scully why do they assign I to you in the first place , mulder ? to debunk you work , to rein you in , to shut you down ... mulder but you save I . as difficult and as frustrating as it 's be sometimes , you goddamn strict rationalism and science have save I a thousand time over . you have keep I honest ... make I a whole person . I owe you everything , scully , and you owe I nothing ... I do not know if I wanna do this alone ... I do not even know if I can ... and if I quit now , they win . [ scully look at mulder in complete awe . she walk into he embrace and they hug , as they be let go scully pull mulder down to she and kiss he forehead . they forehead rest against each other , unsure of how to proceed , unsure of they new role . mulder then cup scully 's face with both hand , and lean in to kiss she . as they lip be about to touch , she pull away . ] scully ow ! mulder [ think he 's do something wrong ] I be sorry . scully something stung I . mulder must have get in you shirt . scully mulder ... something 's wrong . mulder what ? scully I be have lacinate pain in ... mulder what ? scully ... my chest . mulder scully ... scully my motor function be be affect . mulder scully ... [ mulder gently but quickly lay she down upon the hallway floor ] scully my pulse be thready ... a funny taste in the back of my throat . mulder you be go into anaphylaxic shock . scully no ... I have no alergy . [ mulder run into he apartment and grab the phone . he dial 911 with the emergency button . ] mulder ( on phone ) this be special agent Fox mulder , I have a emergency ! I have a agent down ! [ the ambulance and paramedics arrive ] paramedic 1 can you hear I ? can you say you name ? paramedic 2 she 's get constriction in the throat and larynx . paramedic 1 Passages be open . ok . let 's get she in the van right away . look out . come through . watch you back . [ scully be load into the ambulance ] mulder she say she have a funny taste in the back of she throat . but there be no pre-exist allergy to bee sting . now the bee that stung she might have be carry a virus . paramedic 1 virus ? mulder will you tell that to the doctor ? various paramedics voice " ... virus ... advise ... reaction ... stat ! mulder what hos ... what hospital be ... [ ( the ambulance door close , mulder go to the driver ] what hospital be you take she to ? [ the ambulance driver just look back at he . he pull a gun and fire at mulder 's head . mulder fall . second later , another ambulance pull up . cut to a scene of a runway . a unmark cargo plane sit on the runway . the ambulance pull up , and soldier move scully , who be now in a temperature - control container into the plane . the soldier leave , as csm stand in the plane , watch . as the door close , all light be diminish in the camera 's view and the screen fade out . ] frohike what be you look at ? langly his chart . frohike put it down . langly I will put it down when I be ready to put it down . byer he 's waking up ! frohike mulder ? mulder oh god . scarecrow , cowardly lion ... toto . mulder what happen ? byer you be shot at point blank range , the bullet graze the temporal lobe . langly a few centimeter to the leave and we would all be play harp right now . mulder ( shoot up in the bed ) what happen to scully ? frohike scully have a reaction to a africanize honeybee that we find in you hallway . now , you make a 911 call . that call be intercept . mulder I have get to get that to scully . skinner easy now , mulder . easy ... tell I where she be , I will go get she . mulder I do not know where she be . but I know someone who might . skinner how far do you think you can make it out there , how far do you think they will let you make it , because they will know the second you walk out that door . langly what can we do to help ? mulder you can strip byer naked ... byer what ? mulder I need you clothes . [ langly , frohike , and mulder , who be disguise as byer , exit the room . the guard outside the room look in and see byer lie on the hospital bed , but do not realize that it be not really mulder . the three walk down through the hospital as mulder make a call on he cell phone . mulder ( into phone ) it 's mulder ... casey 's bar , Southeast Washington , DC - the alley wmm Dr. kurtzweil , Dr. Alvin kurtzweil . [ kurtzweil turn and run back down the alley , but a car pull up and a man get out . kurtzweil stop . cut to mulder enter casey 's bar . he look for kurtzweil , but do not see he . mulder exit the bar through the back , and look to the leave just in time to see wmm and he driver close the trunk of the car . wmm turn to face mulder .] wmm Mr. mulder . mulder what happen to kurtzweil ? wmm he 's come and go . mulder I want to know where scully be . wmm [ hold a small pouch ] the location of agent scully and the mean to save she life . [ gesture to the car ] please .... [ the driver open the door . cut to show the car drive and mulder and wmm talk inside the car . mulder look down at a vial of liquid and a piece of paper with coordinate . ] wmm ... a weak vaccine against the virus agent scully have be infect with . it must be administer within 96 hour . that leave you little time to get to that coordinate . mulder you be lie . wmm no . but I have no mean of prove otherwise . the virus be extraterriestrial . we know very little about it except that it be the original inhabitant of this planet . mulder [ unbely ] a virus ... wmm what be a virus , but a colonize force that can not be defeat ? live in a cave , underground , until it mutate -- and attack . mulder this be what you have be conspire to conceal ? a disease ? wmm no. for God 's sake , you have get it all backwards ! aids , the ebola virus , on the evolutionary scale they be newborn . this virus walk the planet long before the dinosaur . mulder what do you mean walk ? wmm you alien , agent mulder . you little green man who arrive here million of year ago . that that remain have be lie dormant , underground since the last ice age in the form of a evolve pathogen , wait to be reconstitute by the alien race when it come to colonize we planet -- use we as host . against this we have no defense , nothing but a weak vaccine . do you see why it be keep secret ? why even the best man , man like you father , could not let the truth be know . until Dallas we believe that the virus would simply control we , that mass infection would make we a slave race . imagine we surprise when they begin to gestate . mulder why be you tell I this ? wmm for the sake of my child . once it 's learn what I have tell you , my life will be over . [ wmm look at the driver . ] mulder where 's kurtzweil ? [ pause and get no response ] I would like to get out of the car now . stop the car ! wmm Driver . [ the car stop . ] the man I work with will stop at nothing to clear the way for what they believe be they stake in the inevitable . I be order to kill Dr. kurtzweil , as I be order to kill you . [ well manicure man shoot the limo Driver in the back of the head . ] wmm trust no one , Mr. mulder . get out of the car . mulder why ? the upholstery be already ruin . wmm get out of the car ! [ mulder get out of the car . ] you have precious little time , Mr. mulder . [ mulder slam the door shut angrily . ] what I have give you the alien colonist do not yet know exist . the vaccine you hold be the only defense against the virus . its introduction into a alien environment may have the power to destroy the delicate plan we have so assiduously protect for the last 50 year . mulder what do you mean , may have ? wmm find agent scully . only then will you realize the scope and grandeur of the project . go. go now ! [ mulder start to walk away , but as wmm reenter the limo it explode . ] wilk land Antarctica 48 hrs later [ mulder be drive a sno - cat and the gas gauge keep flipping down to indicate the tank be empty . he tap it with he finger a few time , each time the gauge return to empty . ] mulder oh shit ! [ he exit at the base of a craggy hillside , climb up and see csm leave one of two dome in a truck . mulder now race to the station through the heavy snow . just before he reach the dome , he fall through the ice as it collapse beneath he foot and he drop into a deep crevice . he land on a metallic surface or structure cover in the snow with a vent blow out hot air and form a pocket in the ice . mulder pull himself through the vent and end up inside the metallic structure . he look around , and spy a prehistoric man encase in ice . he soldier on and come upon a huge part of the structure , open like a operate theatre in a hospital . at the bottom , something catch he eye . rack of coffin-like cryopod be move as if on a conveyer belt . mulder slide down another tube to reach it , nearly fall off into the abyss below . he reach the conveyer belt , find scully 's clothes and she cross necklace in a cryopod , and watch in horror as the other pass by , all contain freeze human trap with expression of confusion and horror etched into they face for all time . suddenly , he spot scully 's face and start hammer at the ice in a desperate attempt to free she . he break through , release a ocean of goo which encase she naked body . he jab she with the syringe contain the vaccine and begin drag out a tube-like material she have jamme down she throat . just before he pull it all out , the vaccine take effect and the tube start to shrivel . it 's die and affect the whole metallic structure as it begin to shake , rattle and roll around they . scully start to gulp in air as the tube be remove . ] mulder scully ? [ up above this action , csm have return to the scene . ] csm everybody down below . we may have a security breach . if you be not armed , arm yourselves . [ back below , mulder try to talk to scully . ] mulder breathe ! can you breathe ? [ scully cough several time . spit up what 's leave of the slimy substance . ] scully ( in a bare whisper ) cold . mulder I be go to get you out of here . [ mulder pull she out of she enclosure as he break away the last of the ice . next we see she dress in some of mulder 's clothing , drag away from the pod which be now start to stir from within . the vaccine have affect the whole structure , as the body be all obviously attach to one creature . ] mulder we have get to keep move . scully I can not . mulder yeah , you can . [ mulder carry she to the vent . ] mulder reach up and grab that vent . scully , grab the vent ! scully ? [ scully have pass out . mulder check for a pulse then resuscitate she with a mean version of cpr .] mulder breathe , scully . breathe . breathe ! [ spit up and indicate for mulder to come closer to she so he can hear she . ] scully I have you big time . mulder grab the vent . [ scully grab the vent and pull herself up . mulder start to climb up . one of the alien break the pod and reach out with its hand for mulder . it grab mulder 's leg . ] scully mulder ! mulder keep move , scully ! [ mulder kick it away and pull himself up . they both climb through the tunnel and pull themselves up from where mulder originally fall through the snow / ice . mulder look back and see that the ice be crack . he pick scully up and they begin to run away . the crack ice overtake they , and they fall back down , but slide off of the surface of the rise ship and land on the edge of the newly form crater . mulder watch the spaceship as it fly overhead , he face glow with a heart - melting grin of childlike wonder and awe . scully 's face be turn towards the snow , too tired to move , as mulder say , almost along with the audience ...] mulder scully , you have to see this ! [ it 's quiet , it 's barely a mutter above a whisper , but scully doe say , " I see it . " spend from exhaustion , mulder drop he head into the snow and scully scoot she body over to cover he from the freezing cold . the camera pan back to show two lone figure perch alone on the edge of the crater leave by the depart spaceship . ] Washington DC opr cassidy in light report on this finding and in light of the narrative I be now hearing , my official report be incomplete - - pend this new fact I be be ask to reconcile . agent scully , though there be now direct evidence that a federal agent may have be involved in the bombing , the other event you have laid down here be too incredible on they own , and quite frankly implausible in they connection . scully what be it you find incredible ? cassidy well , where would you like I to start ? so many of the event describe in you report defy belief . Antarctica be a long way from Dallas , Texas , agent scully . I -- I can not very well submit a report to the Attorney General that allege the link you have make here . be and corn crop do not quite fit under the rubric of domestic terrorism . scully no , they do not . cassidy most of what I find in here be lack a coherent picture of any organization with a attributible motive . I realize that the ordeal you have endure have clearly affect you . but the hole in you account leave this panel no choice but to delete this reference to we final report to the justice Department -- until which time hard evidence become available that would give we cause to pursue such a investigation . [ scully walk over to she and hand she the vial contain the bee find in mulder 's hallway . ] scully I do not believe the FBI currently have a investigative unit qualified to pursue the evidence in hand . the Capital mall [ scully find mulder sit on a bench by the reflect pool read a newspaper . ] mulder there 's a interesting work of fiction on page 24 . mysteriously , we name have be omit . they be bury this thing , scully . they be just go to dig a new hole and cover it up . scully I tell opr everything I know . what I experience , the virus , how it 's spread by the bee from pollen in transgenic crop . mulder you be waste you time , scully . they will never believe you , not unless you story can be program , categorize , or easily reference . scully then we will go over they head . mulder no. no . how many time have we be here before , scully ? right here . so close to the truth and now with what we have see and what we know to be right back at the beginning with nothing . scully this be different , mulder . mulder no it be not . you be right to want to quit . you be right to want to leave I . you should get as far away from I as you can ! I be not go to watch you die , scully , because of some hollow personal cause of mine . go be a doctor . go be a doctor while you still can . scully I can not . I will not . mulder , I will be a doctor , but my work be here with you now . that virus that I be expose to , whatever it be , it have a cure . you hold it in you hand . how many other life can we save ? look . if I quit now , they win . [ mulder get up , scully take he hand and they walk off . ] foum tataouine , tunisia [ td note at some point during the next scene , we see a white tanker truck with the name " nature 's best corn oil " write on the side . ] [ a helicopter arrive by a cornfield in the desert , csm get out and walk over to strughold . ] strughold you look hot and miserable . why have you travel all this way ? csm we have business to discuss . strughold we have regular channel . csm this involve mulder . strughold ah . that name , again and again . csm he 's see more than he should have . strughold what have he see ? of the whole he have see but piece . csm he 's determine now . reinvested . strughold he be but one man . one man alone can not fight the future . csm yesterday , I receive this . telegram read " x-file re-opened . stop . please advise . stop . " ============================================= the X - file US release date June 19 , 1998 screenplay Chris Carter Story by Chris Carter and Frank spotnitz director Rob bowman a 20th century Fox release of a ten thirteen production produce by Chris Carter and Daniel sackheim executive producer lata Ryan coproducer Frank spotnitz associate producer Mary astadounian Assistant director josh mclaglen camera ( deluxe color , panavision widescreen ) Ward Russell editor Stephen Mark Music Mark snow production designer Christopher nowak Art director Gregory bolton and Hugo santiago set decorator Jackie carr costume designer marlene Stewart sound ( dolby digital ) geoffrey Patterson special makeup Effects alec gillis and Tom woodruff Jr. Visual Effects supervisor Mat beck special Effects coordinator Paul lombardi starring : David duchovny as special agent Fox mulder gillian Anderson as special agent dana scully Guest cast : Martin landau as Dr. Alvin kurtzweil armin Mueller - stahl as conrad strughold blythe danner as Assistant director Jana cassidy William B. Davis as Cancer man John neville as the well - manicure man Mitch pileggi as Assistant director walter Skinner Jeffrey demunn as Dr. Ben bronschweig Terry o'quinn as Darius michaud glenne headly as barmaid Lucas Black as stevie Gary grubb as Fire Chief Dean haglund as langly Bruce harwood as byer Tom braidwood as frohike