apt pupil by brandon boyce base on the novel by : Stephen King production draft # 4a 4/25/96 rev . fade in : through the window of a move vehicle , we see a series of small , middle - class house . this could be any suburban street in America . int . CITY bus - day a boy be seat near the back of a move bus . this be todd bowden , 15 , as all - american as they come . he stare out at the other passenger indifferently . then something catch he eye . ext . residential STREET - santo donato - day title : santo donato , CA february 1984 Todd pedal he bike down a quiet street and pull up to a unassume bungalow set far back on its lot . this be the kind of house one would hardly notice drive through the peaceful suburban community of Santo donato . Todd get off he bike and head up the front step . on the way , he bend down to pick up the L.A. Times . two sign , in laminate plastic , be secure neatly above the door bell . the first read : " arthur denker " . the second read : " no solicitor , no peddler , no salesmen " . Todd ring the bell . nothing . he look at he watch . it be twelve past ten . he ring again , this time longer . still nothing . finally , Todd lean on the tiny button , stare at he watch as he do so . after more than a minute of solid ringing , a voice be hear from within . dussander ( o.s. ) all right . all right . I be come . let it go ! Todd let go as a chain behind the heavy door start to rattle . then it open . a old man stand behind the screen . he be kurt dussander , a.k.a. Arthur denker . mid-seventy . stand there in he bathrobe and slipper , a cigarette smashed in he mouth , he look like a cross between boris karloff and Albert Einstein . dussander stare at Todd , who try to speak , but suddenly cannot . dussander ( continue ) a boy . I do not need anything , boy . can not you read ? I think all american boy could read . do not be a nuisance , now . good day . the door begin to close . Todd wait till the last moment before speak . todd do not forget you paper , Mr. dussander . the door stop . dussander open it slowly . he unlatch the screen and slip he finger around the paper . Todd do not let go . dussander give I my newspaper . todd sure thing , Mr. dussander . dussander snatch the paper away and close the screen door . quickly , almost imperceptibly , the old man' eye survey the area : across the street , up and down the sidewalk , the boy 's bicycle . dussander my name be denker . see ? ( point ) denker . perhaps you can not read after all . what a pity . good day . as the front door close , Todd speak rapidly into the narrowing gap . todd Bergen - belsen , January ' 43 to June ' 43 . auschwitz , June ' 43 to June ' 44 . then you go to patin . the door stop , still partly open . todd ( cont 'd ) after the war , you escape to Buenos Aires . from 1950 to ' 52 you be in Cuba , and then ... from 1952 to ' 58 ... I do not know . no one do . but in 1965 , you pop up in West Berlin , where they almost get you . the door open wider . dussander listen , boy . I do not know what be the matter with you . but I do not have time for this game . now , get out of here before I call the police . todd call they if you want . dussander Fine . the heavy door slam shut . todd it 's okay by I herr kommandant . I be sure the police would love to meet the " blood - fiend of patin . " in a flash the front door be open , so be the screen . dussander be through the doorway and descend upon Todd with the roll umbrella raise to strike he . Todd stumble back against the porch rail . dussander you get away from this house , God damn you ! I will beat you all the way home . but Todd regains he composure quickly . he brushes himself off and level he eye at the old man who now hardly seem the threat he be a few second ago . todd after 1965 , no one see you again ... until I do . Three week ago on the downtown bus . if you want to call the cop , go right ahead . I 'ii wait on the step . dussander you will do no such thing . todd I will not ? listen , old man , if I want to start scream right here , I will . if I want to ride down to the police station and bring the cop back myself , then I will . I will do what ever I want . do you understand ? ( pause ) but if you like , I could come in for a minute . we could talk . pause . dussander I would be out of my mind to let a insane boy like you into my home . pause . dussander ( cont 'd ) be that what you want , to come into my home ? so be it . there be no argue with crazy people . dussander turn and step back through the screen door . he stop at the threshold of the house and turn . he be hold the screen door open with one leg , the front door open with the other . he look straight ahead . a moment later , Todd step into the house . int . dussander's house - day dussander 's home be what you would expect of a single , poor , old man . nothing fancy , nothing out of the ordinary . Todd look around , perhaps half - expect to find a Nazi flag or a oil painting of Der fuehrer hang above the mantle . but he do not , and move into the live room where a old picture of a woman sit frame on a end table . dussander my wife . she die in 1955 of lung disease . at that time I be work at the menschler motor Works in essen . I be heartbroken . Todd 's attention drift away and he finger slip over to a lampshade next to the photograph . he begin to feel it as though he be inspect it for something . dussander ( cont 'd ) stop that ! Todd jump back a little but then recover . todd tell I , be not it ilse koch who make the lampshade out of human skin ? dussander now I do not know what you be talk about . todd sure you do , Mr. dussander . dussander denker . denker . denker . you do not listen , boy . the television have fry you brain . pause . todd you hand be shaking . dussander yes , they be shaking . I be old . we all shake . you be most tiresome , and rude . now if you have a point I wish you would come to it . todd we be in no rush . if I think you have plan , I would say cancel they , but since I know you do not ... dussander you know nothing of my business -- todd what business ? you sit in that ugly chair and watch soap opera all day . except on Friday afternoon when you walk down to the movie theater . and twice a week you take the bus downtown to do you shopping . you always use the express lane because you never have more than ten item . dussander you have be follow I ? todd of course , I follow you . you think I normally go around to people ' house and accuse they of be Nazi fugitive ? dussander perhaps for I you make a exception . todd no , for you I have to be sure . for kurt dussander I have to be absolutely certain . ... now , I be , and that 's why I be here . Todd sit on the sofa . dussander oh , yes , I see now . as I be this ex - Nazi fellow , as you say , then this must be the part where I offer you my hide stash of gold , take from the mouth of old jewish man , of course , which I keep bury in the basement . be not that right , boy ? well , I be afraid you be waste you time . I have no money . if I do I might even give you some just to be do with this nonsense . todd I do not need money . you do not have any anyway . at least , I do not think so . you probably have to spend it all to sneak in the country . a good american passport be expensive on the black market , that I know . dussander do you ? good for you . todd yes , I do . I know it all , dussander . you be my one great interest . dussander you what ? todd my one great interest . well , not you personally , but , ... well , it 's something I learn back in eighth grade . we teacher , miss harmon , she say we would have to find we one great interest in life . you know , the thing that would really grab we . once we do that , everything would fall into place . like hers , she say , be not teach , but collect nineteenth - century postcard . I guess there 's no money in that , so she have to be a teacher . anyway , she tell we to start think about it . so I do , but nothing happen . until the follow summer , in ronny pegler 's garage . that 's where I find it . int . ronny pegler' garage - day Todd and ronny , both 13 , rummage through several large box in the corner of the garage . we see that the box be fill with old war magazine . ronny toss several of they to the ground as he dig for he dad 's old copy of penthouse . ronny select one penthouse and rifle through it . he discard it a moment later . ronny one of this have three girl do it < i>at the same time < / i>. but the old war magazine catch Todd 's attention . he pick one up curiously and carefully flip through the tatter page . we see a few of the photograph : Nazi storm trooper , prisoner behind barb wire , the oven . ronny ( cont 'd ) I get it ! check this out . ... Todd , look . todd hang on a sec . as young Todd stare into this secret world , he voice come in ... todd ( cont 'd ) it be all there ... picture of stuff I would never see , stuff they < i>never < / i > put in the book anymore , especially the one they give we to read . and here be < iystack < / i> of they . int . dussander's live room - day Todd speak excitedly . dussander , very bored , clearly indulge he . todd it ... < iygrabbed < / i> I . it be just like miss harmon say . I could not believe it . but there it be , the camp , the uniform , the ... the way they salute each other . but what be I tell you for ? you know more about this stuff than anybody . dussander yes , what be you tell I for ? todd ( ignore he ) then last year I write my big term paper on dachau . I get a a + . it be the only a + she give . I mean I always do real well . a 's on everything . that 's why I be accelerate . dussander accelerate ? todd you know , accelerate . I skip two grade , second and ninth . I do not need they . that 's why I be already a junior . dussander sit . dussander I see ... todd some kid resent I for it . that 's not important . anyway , my paper really floor my history teacher . I guess because I get through all that book without throw up . but I learn something . I learn that when you talk about the camp now , you have to remember to sound really disgust . I mean , you can not just say what happen like the magazine do and leave it at that . if I try that the teacher would have freak and call my parent in . int . ronny pegler' garage - dusk Todd sit on one of the box surround by dozen of the old magazine . the door to the house open and ronny , look cross , poke he head out . ronny Todd , you mom 's on the phone . she say you have to come home for dinner . ... Todd ? Todd , lose in the sea of old photograph , do not notice ronny at first . then he look up at he . in he eye be a glint of a darkness that we will come to know better . todd what ? ronny ( suddenly wary of Todd ) you mom 's on the phone . angle on Todd . int . dussander's live room - day todd nowadays you have to ... soften it . dussander why do I care about this ? todd because , I do not want it soften . Todd hop up and begin to pace the floor . dussander stare at he blankly , unsure of where this be go . dussander I be sure you trouble you parent to no end . todd actually , I be pretty low maintenance . that 's what my dad say . dussander you tell you parent about I , then ? todd you think I be crazy ? dussander I think you be cracker , but go on . I be rivete . Todd look deep into dussander 's eye . dussander be uncomfortable . slowly , Todd reach out and brushes he finger against dussander 's hand . dussander get up . dussander ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? pause . todd and then it happen ... I be on my way to the library . it be raining ... flashback : int . CITY bus - day Todd 's voice narrate what we be see . Todd , seat near the back of the bus , watch dussander climb aboard . Todd think nothing of it at first , but soon find that he be unable to take he eye off he . Todd be try to place the old man 's face in he mind ... todd ( v.o. ) you climb on the bus and start this slow walk down the aisle . just like you be examine a new batch of inmate . I do not think anybody give you a second glance but I , but somehow ... people seem to move out of you way . and under you arm you carry a roll up umbrella . but what really do it , what really set I off be the coat . you be wear this long black rain coat . my mind suddenly flip back to a picture of you take at patin . you in you s.s. greatcoat with a riding crop under you arm . int . dussander's live room - day todd it be incredible . dussander stare back at he flatly . dussander all of this ... because of a rain coat ? todd well , it be not < i>that < / i > easy . I mean , I have to really check up on it . and every picture of you in that book be forty year old , at least . I go back to the library to find the picture . and then I match it with the photo I take . dussander you take photograph of I ? todd yeah , I get this little camera . fit right in the palm of my hand . dussander ( crunch cigarette into ashtray ) clever boy . todd but even then I could not be sure . I need real proof . so I go to the mall and buy a fingerprint kit from the hobby shop and a book that tell you what you be suppose to look for and then dust you mailbox while you be at the movie . pretty smart , huh ? dussander you ... put dust on my mailbox ? for fingerprint ? you take photograph of I ? what else do you do ?... I do not believe any of this . todd I already have a copy of you fingerprint . they're on you want sheet from the israeli government . it 's on database at uc irvine . can you believe that ? dussander bourbon . he storm toward the kitchen and stop . dussander ( cont 'd ) would you care for a drink , boy ? todd sure , you get a Coke ? dussander no < i> kok < / i>. todd milk ? dussander milk . dussander disappear into the kitchen . Todd stand alone in the live room . he let out a long , nervous breath , show for the first time the presence of something other than the cold confidence he have be put up for dussander . he know he have cross into dangerous territory from which there be no go back . but after a moment he compose himself ; he have come this far . the sternness return to he eye . Todd be all business . he take a breath , and then speak loudly enough for dussander to hear he in the kitchen . todd it take eight good match , they be call compare , actually , for a fingerprint to get accept in court . dussander ( o.s. ) be that right ? flashback : ext . dussander's front porch - day Todd step up onto the porch and look around calmly . he pull the powder and brush from he pocket and begin to examine the mailbox for print . todd ( v.o. ) yeah , there be two set of print . the first I figure be the mailman' . once I know what I be look for , yours be easy to spot . int . dussander's live room - day dussander ( o.s. ) you should be a detective . the sound of a refrigerator open and close come from the kitchen . drink be pour . Todd begin to move slowly toward the kitchen . todd maybe I will ... Mom think I would be good at it . int . dussander's kitchen - day he reach the doorway just as dussander turn around with the drink . todd I find fourteen compare . dussander approach he carry a tumbler of milk and a glass of bourbon . he hand the tumbler to Todd , who bring it up to he lip and hesitates . todd ( cont 'd ) you have some . dussander good < i> gott < / i>. he snatch the cup and swallow twice . dussander ( cont 'd ) you see ? it 's milk , boy . from dairylee Farms . on the carton be a picture of a smile cow . Todd pause and then begin to drink . dussander ( cont 'd ) ( more to himself than Todd ) ... and two miss child . ( pause ) Boy what you have do , I have to explain this to you because clearly you do not understand , what you have do be a violation . todd a violation ? dussander yes . todd kind of like that experiment with the decompression chamber . now , that be a violation , dussander . dussander that fuck name . enough of that . I demand it . todd you what ? dussander I demand -- todd you demand nothing from I . ever . get it ? pause . dussander Boy , I will tell you this once more , and for the last time . my name be Arthur denker . it have never be anything else . it have never even be americanize . if you must know , and apparently you must , I be name by my father who greatly admire the storey of Arthur conan doyle . I do serve in the reserve , I admit , and in the late thirty , when I be first marry , I support Hitler . I support he most , I suppose , because for the first time in year there be work and there be tobacco . ... would you like a cigarette ? todd no . my dad use to smoke . Mom make he quit . now he 's addict to nicorette ... that 's nicotine gum . dussander turn toward the counter and pull a kitchen match from a cabinet . he light he cigarette with he back to Todd . dussander nicotine gum . dussander 's eye drift to the collection of kitchen knife neatly stuff in they block on the counter in front of he . he linger a moment , pull deeply on the cigarette , then turn and continue . dussander ( cont 'd ) anyway , Hitler lose he mind at the end , direct phantom army at the whim of he astrologer . he even give he dog , blondi , a death capsule . on May 2nd , 1945 , my regiment surrender to the Americans . I remember that a private name Gonzales give I a chocolate bar . I wept . bore , Todd sink into a chair at the table . dussander ( cont 'd ) I be intern at essen where I be treat very well . we listen to the Nuremberg trial on the radio and when goer commit suicide , I buy half a bottle of schnap and get drunk . when I be release , I put wheel on car at the essen motor Works until I retire in 1963 . in 1967 I emigrate here , to California , and become a U.S. citizen . I be as american as you be . I vote . no Buenos Aires , no Berlin , no < i>koo-ba < / i >