mandy screenplay by panos cosmato and Aaron Stewart - ahn story by lenora Tor 05/03/17 White draft spectrevision / umedia this motion picture be presented in 16mm anamorphic cinemascope . black screen . 1 silence . a cold and desolate wind begin to blow through the darkness . a menacing rhythmic pulsing begins to rise on the soundtrack . ancient . primal . barbaric . from no recognizable time or place . a pagan sound of darkness and oblivion from a time long since forget . ' Sunday afternoon in the Park 's by Van halen . a shadowy call to spill blood and take head . word appear in the darkness . Red against the black nothingness of the screen . the spartan blood red of a cannon film production . when I die bury I deep lay two speaker at my feet wrap some headphone around my head and rock and roll I when i'm dead the word appear and disappear into the darkness the pulsating reach a fever pitch and climax as we slam CUT to : ext . forest valley - title sequence - dusk 2 we speed low and fast over the vast untamed rain forest of the NORTH western wilderness . ' starless ' by King crimson rise gently on the soundtrack . under the red SUN the jagged dark forest of pine cover the landscape like a cloak of nail . we tilt down to see the tree top speed by below we in a almost abstract blur . we look back up see -- we be approaching ext . helilogging site , mountain - dusk 3 a heli-bundle harvest operation . a crew of man work on the verge of a ridge . pull RAW timber with a tractor and hack into the old growth tree with chain saws . the sound of the song be consume by the roar of forestry tool . we watch they work -- get a sense of the danger of the job as well as they harsh but intimate relationship with the landscape they be carve away at . here we find red miller . a wiry but tough as nail man . his well wear work clothes look like they have be forge in the heat of battle . his bearded face be rough and weathered . his eye hard , but not unkind . red and he spotter prepare to take down a old growth tree . red fire up he intimidating stihl chain saw rig . his chain saw lash through the bark and in one steady motion he cut all the way through the 4 foot thick trunk . he cut a wedge into the trunk . Red step back and kill the motor . he slam he boot into the tree . with a loud groan the tree topple and crash into the landscape with a thundering roar send a cloud of dust billow all around they . the valley be darkening . ext . logging site , mountain - dusk 4 a jet ranger copter descend towards the crew kick up a swarm of dust and debris . red and the crew run for the copter , throw they gear in the back of the dirt cake jet ranger and climb onboard . it take off as quickly as it land . the crew hees and haw as the chopper take off speed over the valley below . a crewman bust out a cooler of beer and start hand out can . the man crack they beer and drink heartily . red decline . he be clearly a outsider . light up a smoke . the other shoot the shit but we can barely make they out over the din of the engine . red look out the cargo door as we tilt down to gaze at the dark forest whipping by below . the credit come to a close as we dissolve to : ext . forest road - night 5 beam of light cut through tree casting matchstick shadow as red drive he batter 1978 bronco home through the wilderness . it 's a warm late summer night . we dissolve to a woman 's hand put flame to a evil look hand carve pipe and draw a hit . her mouth exhales a shroud of tendrilous smoke ... the woman 's hand drawing -- her pencil patiently work a detailed rendering of -- a ravage electrical box by the side of a forest road . it 's hatch tear asunder . Inside - thick fray wire . the image fill with color and come alive as flicker Ralph bakshi style cell animation . the fray wire hiss and ooze juicy spark into the night . as the eye of strange creature watch from the shadow behind the tree-line . as the bronco slide by we pan and dissolve back to live action . Red roll the radio dial . we hear a staticy voice . president reagan ( on the radio ) ...- there 's a great spiritual awaken in America , a renewal of the traditional value that have be the bedrock of America 's goodness and greatness ... he give the dial a turn . static hum . voice ( on the radio ) here 's Cal worthington and he dog spot . ( sing ) if you need a car or truck go see Cal . voice ( cont would ) if you want you payment low , if you want to save some dough . go see Cal . go see Cal . go see can - Red kill the deck as it hiss out with a electric click . he drive on - we dissolve to the woman 's eye gazing down as she draw -- cell animation of headlights pulsing over a giant industrial engine block abandon in a clear . overgrown and rusted in the moonlight it loom like a ancient temple . Super title : the shadow Mountains , 1983 a.d . ext . forest road / red & mandy 's home - night 6 up ahead he can see he home in the forest . glow warm and yellow through the window . as the bronco pull down the drive way we we dissolve back to live action Red pull up out front , tire crunch softly on the gravel driveway . it 's a wooden house nestle amongst the tree at the end of a long , wind dirt road . the porch light be on . moth flutter around it . red get out of the truck tote and grab he duffel bag . head towards the house . int . red and mandy 's home - night 7 Red and Mandy build this house together over the course of a couple of year out of the ruin of a old cabin . 6 . it 's a cozy two story wooden structure with lot of window and they love it . it 's theirs . one of she best work hang frame above the couch . a incredibly detailed and beautiful draw of a fantastical landscape dominate by a hydra . Red come in . drop he gear on the floor . he look into the live room and see Mandy hunch over the kitchen table draw . she 's wear a big pair of headphone and she glass . lose in another world . a record spin silently on the stereo . red miller yo. I be home . Mandy be startle she pull of she headphone and spin around . Mandy . small town girl to the core . hard upbringing . she exude a bruise charm . a long thin scar run down she leave cheekbone . she 's be through hell but she eye be open and exude warmth and intelligence . we can tell right away she 's the kind of woman we have want to hang out with . mandy Red ! you scared the hell out of I ! Red apologize with a look . red miller knock knock . mandy who 's there ? red miller Eric estrada . mandy Eric estrada who ? red miller Eric estrada from chip . she smile and shake she head . dissolve to : int . red & mandy 's home , bedroom - later that night 8 a warm , soft light flow in illuminating the scene . we be look down at red and mandy lie in bed naked under a knitted blanket . the light in the room be dim and warm . we slowly glide down towards they as they talk . quietly , intimately and softly . Red light a smoke with he Zippo pass it to Mandy . light another for himself . red miller how be you day ? mandy pretty good . I be read that book about the galaxy . red miller that big thick one ? mandy yeah ... it 's pretty awesome . red miller what 's you favorite planet ? mandy Jupiter . no doubt . red miller how come ? mandy the surface of its atmosphere be a storm that 's be raging for thousand of year ... and the eye of that hurricane be so huge it could easily swallow up the whole Earth . I think that 's my favorite planet . red miller Wild ... mandy what 's you favorite ? Red think for a moment . 10 red miller saturn probably . mandy yeah ... I like saturn . it be one of the first planet we human discover ... so there 's lot of ancient myth about it . Red think for a moment . red miller I change my mind ... mandy what ?! red miller I like galactus ... cause he eat planet ! she smile . he kiss she . she snuggle closer in the warm dim light . ext . red and mandy 's home - night 9 slowly we leave the warm little house tracking up into the night sky . it 's alive with star . Soft puffy cloud move by slowly . we pass by they into the blanket of star . lush with color shifting as the galaxy seem to sigh . dissolve to : int / ext . bronco / forest road - sunny day - continuous 10 red and mandy speed down a forest road in the bronco . Red at the wheel . mandy lean out the open window . she 's wear a t-shirt , cutoff jeans and flip flop . she smile softly , hair whipping in the wind . they zoom down the wide forest road towards the lake . the roar of wind and engine fill the soundtrack . 11 12 13 the sunlight pass through the tree on she face . dissolve to : omitted 11 ext . lake - sunny day 12 a little later red and mandy be on a row boat out on the lake . they relax , drying off in the warm sunlight . red have he fishing pole rig up and jutting over the side wait for a catch . they look happy . drifting . we zoom slowly out until we be at a Wide high angle . the little boat float there with they in it , far away . match dissolve to : ext . lake shore - campsite - night 13 flame . Red sit by the fire of they camp site by the lake , stoke it with a stick . he look over . just at the edge of the fire light Mandy be swim in the dark glassy water . 14 15 10 . Red go back to tend the fire . smoke dangle from he mouth . a moment pass . Red look up again . Mandy 's theme begin to shimmer on the soundtrack . Mandy be emerge from the lake . her body glisten in the light of the fire . her long hair fall about she bare shoulder . here and now she look like a goddess of pure sensuality . they eye meet . the smoke drop from he mouth . she move towards he . fade to : ext . lake shore - campsite - dawn 14 red be asleep . Mandy be lie there wide awake . the ash of the fire smolder . Tree branch sway in a gentle breeze . she close she eye . a faint eerie SOUND in the breeze . dissolve to : ext . lake , forest —- dawn 15 mandy walk under the shifting dark shadow of the pine tree . she see a pool of bright light and move toward it . emerge into a clear . the air be thick with pollen and insect and dandelion seed float in the wind . no tree here , only waist high grass . the world and mandy seem to be one . the sunlight on she face , this bloom of light soak green , the call of bird . she spy bent grass , fold over , a trail in the clear . a faint buz can be hear . she walk forward . 16 17 11 . the warmness of the scene begin to fade gradually replace a buz SOUND . on the edge of the clear , in the musty shade there be a large hollow log . the buz be overwhelming and there , the carcass of a stillborn deer rotting at the base of the log . its bloody gut hang out of its distend gut . pulsate with maggot . fly swarm everywhere . the sound of buzzing consume the soundtrack get louder and louder slam CUT to : int / ext . bronco / road - day 16 as they drive Mandy gaze out the window still haunt by what she see in the forest . fade to : ext . gas station / general store - day 17 Red and Mandy pull up in the blazer in front of the one story cinder block gas station just off the side of a forest main road . they get out . Mandy head into the store to grab some stuff and Red start fill up the bronco with fuel . silently behind Red a police car pull up . angle on the passenger seat : a porn mag with the three can leave of a six pack straddle it . the door of the car open . a man get out . sheriff barrel a large brutal John Wayne wannabe . there 's something off about he . a sadism in he eye . he notice Red and start come over . sheriff barrel well , well , well , if it be not Red Miller . 12 . Red recognize the voice and he eye immediately colden . barrel kick the tire on the bronco . sheriff barrel ( cont would ) this thing insure ? Red stay put . red miller just fill up that 's all . sheriff barrel I could cite you for that ... but you be lucky I be in a good mood today . Red bite he tongue . red miller thanks sheriff . sheriff barrel say , I hear you be shack up ... barrel loom closer . sheriff barrel ( cont would ) ... with that little slut Mandy Bloom . Red slowly turn around to face he . barrel be enjoy this . sheriff barrel ( cont would ) seem to I she fuck pretty much anything with a heartbeat in this town at one time or another . kinda hard to believe she 's all marry like to just one man . what with all the ... fuck ... and suck ... she like to do ... so much . Mandy watch from inside as she pay , concerned 13 . Red be stare at barrel . his eye be cold . he be keep it in check . but inside he be boil with rage . sheriff barrel ( cont would ) but when you think about it you make a perfect couple . a whore and loser drunk ... why you be practically make for each other . Red 's hand have unconsciously close into a fist . Red look down . barrel have he hand rest casually on he revolver . sheriff barrel ( cont would ) you may be keep you shit together ... for now ... but a loser drunk like you be gonna fuck up sooner or later ... it 's only a matter of time . be not that right ... Red . we hear the door jingle and Mandy come out carry a shopping bag . she see something 's up and pause . mandy what 's go on ... barrel look she up and down . sheriff barrel I be just leave . have a nice day now . barrel turn and trudge back towards he patrol car . Mandy come over to Red . she put she hand on he arm . mandy hey .... once barrel be go Red relax a bit ... mandy ( cont would ) what be that all about ? 18 int . red and mandy 's home the tv be fill with static . red miller nothing . sound low . 14 . fade to : - live room - night - later 18 Red and Mandy lie asleep on the couch . Mandy 's head rest on he chest . one of Mandy 's most beautiful piece be frame and hang on the wall above they . Red shift a bit restlessly . dream . bad dream . Mandy 's eye open . she 's be think . Red stir . mandy Red ... you awake ? red miller yeah baby ... what be it ... mandy you okay ? red miller yeah why ... mandy you be have a bad dream . red miller uh huh ... mandy what about ? Red think about it . red miller I can not remember ... sometimes wonder if we should move away this place . I from mandy where ? red miller I do not know ... mandy I like it here Red ... it 's peaceful ... we little home ... Red smile a little . Mandy 's eye drift , remember something . mandy do I ever tell you about the starling ... from when I be a girl ? red miller no ... I do not think so ... Mandy 's eye be a little sad . mandy in the neighborhood where I grow up there be starling everywhere . in all the tree . chirp and play and fly around . they be so cute . but we neighbor , he hate they . they be always eat the cherries from he cherry tree . one day I and a bunch of the other kid from the neighborhood be play in this empty lot . he come walk over with a pillow case and a crow bar . there be something move in the pillow case ... like squirming . he make we all gather round , say he have something to show we . we all gather round and he dumped what be in the pillow case onto the ground . it be a bunch of baby starling . told we he be gonna show we how to kill they . he lift up the crowbar and bring it down right on the little baby bird ... so hard it push it right into the ground ... it be deep in there ... like a little grave ... 19 20 16 . mandy ( cont would ) he hand the crowbar to one of the kid and they all take turn ... kill a starling each ... red miller what have you do ... mandy I just watch ... but when it come my turn to go ... I run away . Red squeeze Mandy to comfort she . red miller come here ... Mandy look up at Red . Mandy 's eye fill with tear and she smile . Red be choke up a little too , and smile . they embrace each other . fade out . ext . red and mandy 's home - day 19 close on a log be split with a hard crack . red be chopping wood near the house . his shirt 's off and we see that he have a few of what appear to be rough and fade prison tattoo . he place one log after another on a stump and bring the axe down split fire wood . this be therapy for he . int / ext . red and mandy 's home - kitchen - yard - day 20 mandy be cut up a apple . she slice up she thumb . flinch . mandy godammnit . she bat the slice into the sink . 17 . she hold up she thumb and inspect it . a large droplet of blood form at the cut . Mandy put she thumb to she mouth and lick it off . Mandy grab a fresh full apple from a bowl and karate kick open the back door . as she approach Red sense she and wedge the axe into the chopping block . wipe the sweat from he brow as he turn around . red miller hi there ... mandy hi ... red miller that for I ? mandy maybe . Red smile . red miller thanks . she 's hesitates . mandy Red ... red miller yeah ? mandy why do you never talk about ... you know ... you life before we meet ? Red get distant . but he suddenly light up . red miller I be a introvert . he 's deflect but she let it slide . she can not help but smile . he 's lovable . mandy well that explain it . 21 18 . he grin . mandy well ... I be gonna smoke a bowl ... then head over to work in a bit . red miller that 's how to do it . Mandy toss he the apple and head back towards the house . as he watch she go we can see Red regret not open up to she . he bite into the apple . int . red and mandy 's home - live room - day 21 stone , Mandy recline on the couch read she thick dog ear paperback . the name of the novel be ' seeker of the serpent Eye 's by lenora Tor . her sketchbook lay open on the coffee table . the page lush with idea . the evil look pipe and a Zippo next to it . her eye move dreamily over the page of the novel ... Close on the print word . the ink bleed gently into the pulpy paper stock . as Mandy read ... we dissolve to : a dark forest thick liquid fog pour though the tree mandy ( v.o. ) '' , .. under the crimson , primordial sky , surround by the jag black rock of the ancient volcanic mountain , the wretch warlock reach into the dark embrace of the fissure until he hand touch a smooth glassy surface . cold as ice . his fist close around the the serpent 's Eye . slowly he withdraw it and hold it before he in the fade light of the blood red sun . it glow from within . 22 19 . mandy ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) a ghostly emerald light . strange and eternal . '' Mandy wander out onto the deck ... she lean on the railing gaze out over the forest . she watch the thick blanket of fog spread quickly through the forest like a shroud . dream ... dissolve to : int / ext . van / forested foggy roadway - day 22 slow motion . dense undulating fog fill the screen . mandy be walk down the road through the fog in a summer dress and flip flop . she look luminous in the strange light of the summer mist . a blood Crystal hang around she neck by a chain . out of its depth of the mist in eerie slow motion emerge -- a long cab camping van , 1977 ford chateau . cruising down a stretch of paved road surround by thick forest and tall cliff . the sequence be cut to the song . riding in the van be -- the child of the new dawn . led by the '' legendary '' jeremiah sand . they be dress casually like '' cool '' camp counselor . wolf in sheep 's clothing . driving the van be brother swan . 40 . Sand 's connive and viper like right hand man . we be introduce to the rest of the group -- sit in the back be sister river -- 16 . face like a break doll . she 's the " daughter " of Sand and mother marlene -- and so much more . her pretty wavy hair look like it get a brush every day 20 . brother klopek -- 35 . a seven foot tall ghoul of a man with a bowl haircut . his eye be dim but he capacity for cruelty be untold . brother hanker -- 28 . a aging juvenile delinquent who have finally find a family . he be deceptively unassume and fiercely loyal to Sand . sister lucy -- 30 . scrawny blank eye acid casualty with long stringy hair . the " crazy " one . twin lewis and twin lawrence . pudgy , sullen twin in they early 20 . they be very new to the '' family '' and still wide eye tourist . mother marlene -- 44 . Sand 's '' wife '' . she have the sad distant eye of a woman who have be forget . but cruelty be in she blood . she look over at jeremiah sand . 59 . they leader . Riding in the passenger seat . he seem drugge . decadent . his skin as tan and leathery as George Hamilton . his bleach blond , almost white , hair perm into a absurd but sinister curl . he carry himself with vanity and arrogance but there be also a very old bitterness seethe in he pierce blue tone eye . the van creep slow down the dirt road . slow motion - Mandy walk lose in a daydream . sand lazily turn he head and something catch he eye . the blood crystal hang around she neck glint in a stray sunbeam . the red glite light flash . his sickly gaze slide up from the crystal along she body to she face . she wipe sweat from she brow with she forearm . Sand become by she and when he doe the soundtrack be consumed by a nocturnal , rise orchestral swell of cataclysmic emotion . the van pass she . close on sand . his eye be locked on mandy as they move towards she , but she 's oblivious to he presence . 23 24 21 . we linger on Mandy through he eye glide up she body barely conceal beneath the light cotton dress . and up to she face , she hair move gently in the breeze . Mandy happen to look up and they eye meet . only for a moment . lock together in a abysmal eternity . at first she seem fine but slowly she eye become unsettle . Sands tongue glide across he dry lip . then she 's go . he watch she in the rear view disappear into the fog . we hold close on sand as they drive away , he eye welling with a strange and horrible new need . the orchestral wave continue to rise as we fade to : black screen . 23 letter move across the screen overlap and bisect it like the title sequence of the dead zone . behind the color of a kaleidoscope shifting and turn gently . the letter form into a title : child of the new dawn fade to : int . gas station / general store - day 24 silence . Mandy be behind the counter at the small general store where she work , read she book . we hold on she for a moment . the soft sound of the ac and the turn page of she book . she 's startle by a voice . woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) I really like you dress . Mandy look up . across from she be mother marlene carry a basket with a couple of item in it . in this context mother marlene look positively friendly and maternal . 22 . Mandy smile . mandy well , thanks . mother marlene whatcha read ? mandy a novel . mother marlene how do you like it ? mandy I love it ! I think it 's lenora Tor 's best book . mother marlene put a couple of tomato on the counter and a couple of box of mac and cheese and a packet of hot dog bun . Mandy start ringing they through and bag they . mother marlene you have such lovely tomato around here . mandy that 's the best thing about live in the middle of nowhere . mother marlene I use to grow my own ... now I just buy they at the store . it 's not the same . mandy I and Red be hope to build a green house soon . mother marlene who 's Red , you daddy ? mandy my boyfriend . mother marlene oh yeah ... what 's he do ? 23 . mandy he 's a sawyerman . marlene give she a quizzical look . mandy like a logger . mother marlene ooh ! they laugh a little . mother marlene must be a pretty tough guy . mandy yeah sure ... I guess . mother marlene you grow up around here ? mandy I grow up just outside beaver Valley , but I come here when I be about 16 . ran away to the '' big city '' . Mandy laugh she eye shine . mother marlene laugh too , study she . mother marlene I guess you live around here ? mandy yeah we live down near Crystal Lake . mother marlene that sound lovely . mandy yeah it 's pretty nice . I like it anyway . 24 . mandy ( cont would ) Mandy be start to get weird out . mother marlene it 's good to have a strong man to look after you . mandy I suppose ... mother marlene well good luck with the green house . mandy thanks . mother marlene collect she bag . mandy bye now . have a nice day . mother marlene see ya later . mother marlene exit , the door jingling . the friendly look on she face slowly fade as she walk away . Mandy watch she go . * the very old lady who own the store poke she head out from * behind a shelf . * old lady * who be that ? * mandy * nobody . * old lady * okay . * a little uneasy , Mandy get back to read she book . * fade to : 25 24a . int . motel room - night 25 Sand and marlene lie in bed in a dim seedy motel room . the door to the smoky adjoin room be ajar and we can see the rest of the Children hang out in there watch tv and milling about . 25 . Sand be mope into he pillow . marlene put she hand on he shoulder . mother marlene what 's the matter jeremiah ? be you alright ? when Sand speak - he voice be reedy and soft . sand no. I be not alright . mother marlene but why ? do I do something wrong ? sand wrong ? everything you do be wrong . the last time you do something right be so long ago I can not even remember what you do something right look like . mother marlene I be so sorry jeremiah . be there anything I can do to make you feel better ? sand there be nothing that you can do . it 's she . I feel naked without she . nake . do you hear I ? mother marlene sand I say ... do you hear I ? mother marlene yes , jeremiah . I hear you . sand ( mimick she ) yes , jeremiah . I hear you . mother marlene wince . sand ( cont 'd ) really ? because sometimes I do not think you hear anything at all . I be truly worried about that . 26 . mother marlene jeremiah ... I ... Sand sigh deeply . sand please just be quiet and go fetch I brother swan . mother marlene okay ... I 'il -- Sand 's entire body tense and constrict . marlene pull away instinctively . sand i. Said . go. fetch . me. bruh-ther . swannnn . mother marlene slide carefully off the bed and into the other room . a moment later brother swan come in . he walk quietly over to the bed and kneel down close to Sand . jeremiah 's eye be close . he open they and see swan . his body relax . sand ( cont 'd ) ahhhh . there you be . swan look at Sand with total respect and admiration . swan what can I do for you jeremiah ? sand I need you to get I that girl . I need she . I need she now . swan I will . sand do whatever it take . leave nothing to chance . I need this . swan consider it do , jeremiah . 27 . sand bring I the horn of abraxas . swan dig through a duffel bag and pull out a gnarled wooden box . Inside swaddle in cloth be a object . swan hand the object to Sand who gently part cloth revealing a eleven inch horn . twisted ceylon ebony . intricately carve . it feel curse to the glance . swan 's eye widen at the rare sight of it . sand you know what to do . swan yes ... swan nod . he take the horn of abraxas reverently . it 's attach to a leather cord and he hang it gently around he neck . sand ( cont 'd ) I know I could count on you . Sand reach out and caress swan 's face tenderly . sand ( cont 'd ) I can always count on you ... buddy . swan reach over and clasp Sand 's hand . swan thank you jeremiah . nothing give I great pleasure . swan get up . sand ( cont 'd ) good . before you go , send in sister River . I need something pretty to play with . swan yes jeremiah . I will . swan go into the other room . we hear talk . a moment later sister River be ushere in . River shrink towards the bureau try not to be notice . 26 28 . sand River ... come over here ... let I see you . River walk over and climb on to the bed and jeremiah wrap he arm around she . he push he face into she neck and hair , smell she . sand you smell so good . sister river I ... jeremiah cruelly clutches she hair and neck . River try to pull away but this only make he grasp more violent . sand you shut you filthy little mouth and do not speak unless you be speak to . do you understand ? River nod slowly she eye fill with tear . Sand twist she face towards he and force she mouth open as he jam he yellow tongue into she mouth and kiss she greedily . he whisper in she ear . sand I be gonna hump you raw . swan watch through a crack in the door . dissolve to : int . van / ext . forest - clearing - night 26 the Children 's camper van be park in a gnarled clear surround by deep dark forest at the end of a long wind dirt road . the moon be almost full . swan , brother hanker and the hulk brother klopek get out and look around . swan look nervous . brother hanker you sure this be the right place ? 29 . swan yes of course I be . swan hesitantly raise the horn of abraxas to he lip . he pause then he begin to play . a strange , eerie series of note . swan lower the flute and glance into the dark , frighten . he raise the horn and play the note two more time . the sound echoe off into the darkness seem to take on a life of its own within the lightless shadow . brother hanker what now ? swan now we wait . we follow as swan , hanker and klopek as they saunter back to the van and get in . swan slowly close the door and the metal whine and then click . the night be deathly silent and we can hear every tiny sound . hanker adjust he seat . it creak . swan roll down the driver side window . each turn of the hand crank grind and whining . klopek breath audibly through he mouth like a dog . swan lean back . caress the flute nervously . a few moment pass as we sit here with they listen to klopek breath . swan stare into the darkness with anticipation . then - brother hanker how long do we - swan shhh ! swan look out the window . swan listen . 30 . in the distance we hear the sound of faint - roaring . guttural engine - and they be approach . slowly they grow louder and louder - swan nod to hanker who grab a knapsack . they get out of the van and stand wait . within a breath a pack of five motor bike , matte black bobber , roar into the clear kick up dust and revving they engine at a infernal volume . then slow to a crawl and stop about twenty foot from the van . they be drive by shadowy figure dress entirely in black . leather . aberrant road armor . Long stringy hair . Dark helmet . this be the black skull . skin as pale as the surface of the moon . more like harkonnen marauder than a biker gang . as much demon as man . skratch , the leader , he polished metal helmet have eye paint on it 's opaque face plate . he appear to be blind . scab , he rotting greasy haire leftenant . spider , a spindly rail thin demon . fuck pig a slovenly fat beast , but with the powerful build of a sumo wrestler . ( he alone ride a modify quad wheel atv ) . scab 's bike have a sidecar . in it sit a strange female skull - sis . head hang . face obscure by long greasy black hair . she clutches a shotgun . they body glisten as if soak in motor oil . but they appear shadow and enshroud and we never get a clear look at they . ever . the black skull . Hell spawn super freak play out a ritual only they can understand . they kill they engine and the clear be suddenly eerily silent . lit now only by the light of the moon . skratch dismount and approach . his boot crunching on the stoney earthen floor . the other lurk , watch from the dark . he come within spitting distance of swan . tilt he head expectantly at he . his thin black lip part into a sickly smile revealing pointy rotting tooth . swan be about to speak when 31 . suddenly the Skull 's arm whip out and grab swan around the back of the head bring he close . klopek begin to step up but swan raise he hand tell he to back down . skratch lean in . his other hand rise . the tip of he black glove pointy and sharp . he run the tip of he finger down swan 's cheek draw a thin sliver of blood . skratch blood ... for ... blood . his tooth part and a wet tongue extrude from within the cavern of he mouth . he lick up a engorge droplet of blood from the surface of swan 's quivering face . skratch release swan . cautiously swan step back and motion to hanker who kneel down and unzip the backpack . from inside he extract a seal mason jar full of murky grey fluid . he hand one to swan . swan unscrewe the lid and cautiously hand it to skratch . skratch take the jar surprisingly delicately . raise it to he face and smell the fluid deeply . he lick he lip then guzzle it down . all of it , in two or three gulp . a wave pass over he , he head fall , and he drop the empty jar to the ground . swan watch try to stifle he grow terror . then the skull slowly raise he head . he stare into swan eye unfeelingly . skratch ( cont 'd ) mooorrrre ... the Skull take a aggressive step towards he . swan grab the horn of abraxas and raise it . it - glint brightly in the moonlight . 27 28 32 . skratch twitches at the '' sight '' of it . surprisingly step back . sicken . swan smile smugly . swan first thing 's first . CUT to : int . red and mandy 's home - kitchen - night 27 fat home make sausage fry in a pan . Red and Mandy cook in the kitchen together . make mashed potato . red miller why do the hobo sleep under the tanker truck ? Mandy smile , roll she eye . mandy why ? red miller Cause he want to wake up oily . mandy that 's so stupid . but she can not help herself and burst out laugh . Red smile with satisfaction and break up too . fade to : int . red and mandy 's home - live room - night 28 Red and Mandy watch a re-run of Three 's company while they eat they dinner . the episode where mister firley eavesdrop on Jack and chrissy put up a shower curtain and think they be have sex . mandy I love this show . 29 30 31 33 . red mister firly ... they smile as they keep watch and eat . fade to : ext . red and mandy 's home , deck - night 29 Red be smoking . look out over the dark valley . he feel uneasy but do not know why . probably nothing . he flick he smoke over the balcony and go inside . fade to : int . red and mandy 's home - bedroom - night 30 Red and Mandy lay asleep . it 's a sweltering summer night . ext . red and mandy 's home - night 31 the house sit cozily in the moonlight . the porchlight glow warmly . the cricket chirp busily in the distance . slowly we begin to pan towards the forest . we stop stare into the dark wood ahead . then we begin to zoom in . past the treeline . the zoom come to a end like a gravestone be lodge into the soil . the deepest woofer hit know to man blast we as we see stand in the shadow -- a sliver of moonlight across he face -- brother swan . hanker and klopek at he heel . dark music reverberate as several more shadowy figure step into view behind he . the black skull . skratch , scab and spider . Dark silhouettes , wiry and demonic . they walk forth . 32 34 . behind they in a sliver of moon be the Children . they be terrify . fade to : int . red and mandy 's home - night 32 spider creep , with eerie fluidity , through a open window enter the house like large black arachnid . we pulse in and out of darkness like the beat of a demonic heart . fade to fuck pig move silently through the dark house , run he bony finger over they belonging . fade to red and mandy asleep , in a bedroom full of blue moonlight . Mandy sleep restlessly . have a nightmare . soak in sweat . fade to mandy 's eye slowly open . fade to the skull loom around over the expose , vulnerable body of Red and Mandy . unnaturally silent . fade to red wake into terror . fade to 35 . ghostly sharp nail hand cover Mandy 's face as she silently scream . fade to red struggling with the skull but they overwhelm he and beat he down . fade to the skull drag they scream through the house . they be fight with all they might but it 's no use . fade to red and mandy lie on the floor of the live room stomach down face each other . tied . this be the last time they will ever look into each other eye . tear pour from Mandy 's eye . full of terror . Red watch as they gag she and tie she hand , close enough to feel she panicked breathe . swan and hanker be in the house now . swan move to Mandy and run he hand over she inspect she like a piece of meat . fuck pig be caress he crotch and lick he greasy lip as he look down at Mandy . he start to move towards she . swan spot he , snap at he as if commanding a dog . swan no ! fuck pig grunt wetly , enraged but scab put he hand on he chest , and he succumb . Red 's eye be pulsing with helpless rage . he look at he hunt rifle mount above the fire place . rack he brain how to get to it . scab see he notice it . take it down off the wall and walk over to Red . Mandy watch as he slam the stock hard into red 's face , knock he cold . she hear shrill scream and sobbing and look up to the window and she eye explode in fresh terror . 33 36 . outside skratch stand look in at she with he cover blind eye . but she can feel that he see she . his mouth be stretch in a sicken rictus of a smile . klopek be drag one of the twin , twin lawrence , towards skratch . lawrence be shriek and sobbing like a child . twin lewis watch red face with delight . he shriek angrily at lawrence . twin lewis I be special now ! I be the special one ! you stupid goof ! lawrence blubber and weep as skratch arm fold around he in a sepulchral embrace . he smell he blond lock . and then they fade backwards into the darkness . suddenly scab be lean close to Mandy . his face loom close . he whisper to she a secret ... scab I be doom ... Mandy 's eye roll back in she head and mercifully , unconsciousness take she . fade out . black screen the sound of Skull engine roaring unholy and fade into the distance as we slow fade in . int . red & mandy 's house - kitchen - night 33 close on Mandy as she come to . we see she 's still gag as she raise she head a bit and slowly look around . Fighting the instinct to panic . we hold close on she she try to get she bearing . only the strangely prosaic sound of marlene and lucy busy in the kitchen around she . 37 . mother marlene ( off screen ) no River - you have get to let they cool . sister lucy look like she 's awake . now we see the room . Mandy at the kitchen table , gag . hand and foot tightly bound . she be still wear she nightgown . sister River sit down across the table from she and stare . sister lucy take ya long enough . mother marlene turn to Mandy . mother marlene sister Lucy make treat . D ’ya like treat ? sister Lucy smile at Mandy hatefully . mother marlene she be a really great cook . Mandy say nothing . eye boil with confusion and terror . mother marlene do not worry , that scary man be go now . they get what they come for ... and they be go . Mandy and marlene look at each other . marlene be nonpluss . mother marlene I guess you be wonder where you hubby be . do not you worry he 's just fine ... and he will stay that way as long as you be a good girl and do as you be tell . Mandy stare at marlene intensely . suddenly marlene march over and slap she hard across the face . mother marlene do you understand I ? 34 35 38 . Mandy choke back she rage and nod reluctantly . mother marlene you know , he think you be so special , and I hope you realize what that mean . the responsibility be on you , buster . marlene go over and angrily dig through she bag . mother marlene well you be awake now so it 's just about time . ext . red and mandy 's home , yard - night 34 red -- rusty barbed wire have he tie to a chain link fence by he wrist . he be on he knee . his ankle be bound by laundry wire , so tightly he can no longer feel he foot . he can see the moonlit silhouette of the house . only a single warm glow come from the kitchen window . the dark shape of the house look like a gravestone . he gasp , desperate , through a dirty rag shove in he mouth , hold in place by barb wire wrap around he head . the fence rattle once more with he twitches of pain and panic . every time he move the barb dig in tighter . he fight against the adrenaline in he body . his face be batter , cake in dry blood . his immediate surroundings : the remnant of previous homeowner . a rusty and bent swing set , the seat swinging in the breeze . a section of chain link fence that fold into the weed , and a picnic table . a cloud of hot breath exit Red 's mouth . int . red and mandy 's home - kitchen - night 35 marlene finish extract some thing from she bag and lay they out on the kitchen table . 39 . she produce a mason jar wrap in cloth . she unwrap it and place it on the table . a strange murky and cloudy jar bottome with compact dark soil and oily liquid . she unscrew it ever so gently . she insert a dropper into the brim full fluid and extract a portion . Mandy 's arm twist against the restraint . the knot be resolute . Mandy try to push off the floor . sister River watch doe eye and stunne from across the table . Mandy be truly terrify . her breathe be shallow . she jostle against the chair . mother marlene hold she . Lucy stand beside Mandy and hold the chair down . marlene grab Mandy by the hair and pull she head back . she get nice and close with the fill dropper . Mandy struggle , refuse to open she eye . mother marlene open ... open ... sister Lucy pries Mandy 's terrify eye open . grey mucousy liquid gush down the glass cylinder as the rubber stopper squeeze . the liquid pool into tense quivering blob and fall - right into Mandy 's eye . it burn and Mandy gasp - blink and clenching she eye helplessly . mother marlene very good . marlene lick the dropper clean and lay it down . now - she produce a large pair of veterinary tweezers . reaches into the jar . fish around until she find what she 's look for . 40 . slowly the tweezers escape the lip of the jar , so very careful not to touch the side , revealing a monstrous black wasp . a exotic monster harvest from the most forbidden reach of the darkest jungle , brew in a psychoactive concoction of its own fluid and other chemical . glisten Black , honeycomb eye , quivering mandible , and a twitching hook and barb stinger . as the air hit it begin to writhe in the clutch of the tweezers , its wing vibration a low ghostly thrum . Mandy really start to panic and seize in the chair . Lucy twist Mandy 's hair around she fist and pull she head back . Mandy stop move . breathe shallow . River put she hand over she eye . marlene reach forward with the tweezers . mother marlene now just hold still ... with the precision and attitude of a older sister pierce a ear she set it just close enough just above the bulg artery on she neck the wasp writhes . marlene squeeze just a delicate touch . it twitches - the stinger jab into mandy 's jugular vein . the wasp twitches terrify and drive it in deeper , pump it 's venom . River flinch at the sight . the wasp sputter in a death spiral . the sensation be searingly painful but she choke back she scream in a guttural roar that barely come out . refuse to give they the satisfaction . her breathe slow as something come over she . lucy relax she grip . gently lower Mandy 's head . it flop forward . 36 37 41 . mandy weakly raise she gaze , she pupil dilating as Lucy stroke she cheek , she hair , tenderly . mother marlene I like to call that ... the cherry on top . sister Lucy take Mandy 's lolling head into she hand . marlene drop the dead wasp into the trash bin . sister lucy we be but a beautiful dream . a dream that he be have right now . Lucy lean forward into Mandy 's face . sister lucy wo not you join we in that dream ? a strange disturbing tone begins to fill the soundtrack and continue over ... dissolve to : int . red & mandy 's home - hallway 36 the sister lead Mandy down the hallway . her hand be still bound but now in front of she , clasped . as they walk the house fill with a strange crimson light . acidic yellow stream in through the once darken window . Mandy stare , wide eye , as the world around she change . dissolve to : ext . house backyard - chain link fence - night 37 red struggle against he restraint violently . his wrist and ankle go bloody from the friction . red look at the house . realize he must free himself . twisting against he bond - every movement agony . dissolve to : 38 42 . int . red & mandy 's home - live room - crimson night 38 mandy seat in a chair in the center of the room . the child lounge about the room as if they own the place . the girl join they . it be clear from they abnormally dilate pupil that all have partaken in a dose of ceremonial wasp sauce . jeremiah sand come casually into the room . his hair look freshly blow dry and he 's wear only a casual silken robe wear loosely expose he chest - and the strange flute around he neck . he be carry a record lp . he place it by the record player . sand I be sorry for all this fuss and muss but when I see you on the road the other day you call out silently to I and I listen . Mandy try not to look at he . sand look at I . she do not . Sand 's mask break momentarily . sand look at I ! she slowly look up . eye fill with rage . sand and tell I ... what do you see ? Mandy be high as hell . she can barely control she breathe . her eye be wild and fill with tear . she stare right at he . mandy I see ... the reaper fast approach ... this faze Sand . he ignore she and continue . 43 . sand ( cont 'd ) you know , he want his child to love one another . he cross the room and set something down by the stereo . he turn the power knob on the hifi and it hum into vacuum tube power life . sand I find he allow I to express that love in many way ... and one of that way be music . he flip through Red and Mandy 's record collection casually . sand you sell you soul to rock not roll ... not so much music as mere noise . Sand pull out one record and inspect the picture of the band inside the gatefold . sand that be the ugliest chick I have ever see . mandy that be not chick ... that 's motley crue . Sand make a face and toss it aside . sand do you like the carpenter ? I think they be sensational . but this ... be even better . he pick up the record he bring in and unsheath it . set the lp upon the turntable and gracefully prep the stylus . thick burr of SOUND as the needle lay onto the slowly rotate groove of the vinyl . pan pipe and acoustic guitar ooze from the speaker . he stand in front of Mandy . he show she the sleeve of the lp. 44 , it 's he own record . a young , glamorize sand with the same hairstyle but longer , backlit by star flare , sit with a acoustic guitar on the cover . his eye smug . a smirk upon he not yet calsify face . the title declare he - ' jeremiah 's . sand what do you think ? mandy I ... he put he hand up cut she off . sand wait ! it 's about to start . his quivering soft voice emanate from the speaker - singer's voice jeremiah Sand be a righteous man whose heart be full of love ... he travel the land like the drift sand search for a dove ... it be agonizingly emotional folk Music . sand join in the record , sing along with he young self . eye roll back in he head as he caress he bare chest lovingly . then there 's a instrumental lull in the song . Sand kneel before Mandy . he take she bound hand in he . he gaze into she eye unblink . sand I be ready to stand tall with the great grand glitter one but that ... scumbag ... could not see a radiant golden light even as it be cast right down upon they . thankfully he show I another path . the path I have always truly be destine for ... something great than mere fame and fortune . we be close on sand . as he speak we match dissolve back and forth to a close up of Mandy . she too , preternaturally , do not blink . they eye match . 45 . slowly , hypnotically we pulse back and forth like the somnolenscent beat heart of the devil himself . sand ( cont 'd ) when I be at the bottom of the pit scream in the darkness , wrack with unspeakable pain , for have be deny all that be rightfully mine ... he grace I with he light . his hot loving light . it flow over I like the pulse of a timeless wave . a wave of pure heat . a mainline of pure and total acceptance . and he talk to I . address I as a friend . he say ... jeremiah they be wrong ... and you be right ... so right . he bless I with he holy kiss and give I he warmest and deep permission to go out into this world and take what be very much mine ... all of it mine . my want . my need . my pleasure . he show I that that thing ... be the most holy sacrament that exist on the face of this wretch and curse earth .... and that who be lucky enough to come in contact with my radiance ... my child ... can bathe in the satisfaction ... and the ecstacy ... of know that they be truly look upon fondly by him ... and that they eternal soul be forever in his favor . Sand slowly lean back . he look she over . sand you know , I have be bless to know the comfort of many woman but there be few that have have you radiance ... you be a special one Mandy . that I can feel to the very core of all that be I . not least because you have be notice by and choose by jeremiah . me. I too be a special one . let we be so very special together . clutch she bound hand . sand ( cont 'd ) be gentle . like I . the song flood with pan pipe . he stand Mandy stare in shock and horror at Sand -- 46 . he stand before she naked , proudly display he flaccid penis . mandy you make ... this song ... sand yes ... I do . mandy and ... it 's about you ... Sand beam . he stroke he limp cock . it will not get hard . sand yes ... it be . Mandy look incredulous . sand it 's my ... masterpiece . then ... the record start skipping - 'a dove ... a dove ... a dove ... 's Sand yank frantically on he limpid member . to no avail . gradually Mandy laugh . very quietly at first . her laughter grow . a natural , real laugh . 'a dove ... a dove ... a dove ... 's sand look down at himself . for the first time in memory a wave of shame course through he body . his bubble of illusion have be burst and he feel truly naked and expose . his shame quickly transform into anger . Ugly rage . 39 40 47 . he look around at he flock . sand do not you fuck look at I ! they all keep look . stun . 'a dove ... a dove ... a dove ... 's mandy laugh uproariously totally overwhelm by the hilarity , the insanity , of it - sand ( cont 'd ) shut up ! shut up ! shut up ! the child look mortify . they be see themselves through she eye and they do not like what they see . Mandy 's reach the end of she rope . she mutter incredulously under her breath - mandy fuck ... this ... we surge into nightmarish slow motion as Mandy look up , eye on fire . Mandy bolt from the chair and run for she life . int . mandy and red be home - hallway - crimson night 39 Mandy hit the hall as a wave of dizziness wash over she . Mandy move down the narrow hall steadying herself against the wall . she be groggy and rubber legge from the wasp venom but she manage to find the will to move . anywhere but there . the same loop of skipping folk song repeat over and over and over - echoing into infinity . ext . house backyard - chainlink fence - night 40 red 's head loll , exhaust by pain and exertion . a billow cloud of cool breath hiss from the gag in he mouth flare by moonlight . 4l 42 43 48 . int . red & mandy 's home - hallway - crimson night 41 mandy flee down the length of a hallway - she barely move in place . the looping guitar , stick forever in this moment . the child loom towards she . ext . house backyard - chainlink fence - night 42 red strain with all he might - the chainlink flex but do not break . his muscle push to a point where it seem like they might tear themselves apart . int . red & mandy home - hallway - crimson night 43 Mandy move down the corridor which become narrower and narrower bottle neck into one door . her own home a unfamiliar nightmare maze . she open the door . a black void beyond . she fumble for a light switch . find it but the bulb be dead . she step cautiously into the dark . find a step . but it bend under she . we snap back into 24 fps as - she slip and slide brutally down the flight of stair into the dark concrete basement . she land hard . her ankle and wrist twisted . she manage to get up , move on a wounded leg . behind she we hear the stylus get loudly tear off the record . shout . overlap voice . turn back she see shadow at the top of the stair . they can not see she yet . Mandy move into the dark . 49 . swan ( off screen ) yoo0o00000000 hoccc0000000000 ... '' Mandy move as quickly as she can deeper into the small seemingly labyrinthine chamber of the basement , try to control she breathe . the space be a nightmare cluster of pipe , insulation and strange discard object . she hear the creak wood as they foot descend the stair . faintly , in the corner of a small storage room , she see a freezer BOX . a strange wheeze rattling come from inside . a flashlight flare on and the ghoulish face of mother marlene probe the darkness , other figure behind she . Mandy open the lid . luckily the lamp be burn out . in the faint light she can barely see clump of round old ice . bag of freeze vegetable . vacuum seal meat . she slowly climb in , try not to make a sound . silently close the lid . she hear she own breathing . tries to subdue it . within the freezer , sound outside be vague rumble , echoe . swan ( off screen ) maaaaaannnnnddyyyyyyy ----- slowly the lid creak as it begin to OPEN . Light spill in . here she be now , at the bottom of the world , freeze , bath in harsh white light , on a bed of package peas and carrot and tater tot . she shiver . billow foggy condensation rise like mist around she . huddle and shaking , eye wild with horror and desolation . they look down upon she . Mandy begin to scream with pure ravenous terror . 44 45 46 50 . ext . red and mandy 's home , backyard - night 44 red hear Mandy . his eye flood with helpless rage . he try again to free himself . with nothing leave . but the more he strain against he bond the deeper they dig into he flesh . then , the scream stop . Red listen for a sound . hope drain from he eye . slow fade out . int . red and mandy 's home , bathroom - night 45 Sand be alone in the bathroom . sitting on the close toilet lid . he 's shake and this disturb he deeply . Sand get up . he run some water and splashes it on he face . he look up into he own reflection . sand tell I what to do . he stare deeply into he own eye . sand tell I ... what to do . tell I what to do . tell I what to do . tell I what to do . tell I what to do . tell I what to do . tell I what to do . tell I what to do ... he keep go until gradually the fear and uncertainty in he eye transform into a dead eye stare . sand you fuck whore . you be finish . Whore . he smile a sickly smile , delighted at have find he answer . ext . red and mandy 's home , yard - night 46 Red look up as - 51 . Sand and swan come out of the house and stride towards he purposefully . sister Lucy follow behind . sand you and that ugly little whore think you be so in love . i’1l show you love . Lucy . the craze girl approach . Sand brushes she chin gently . he lean in and whisper in she ear . 52 . she nod and smile . swan pull a pearl handle .38 pistol from he waistband and dump all but one of the bullet in the cylinder out . snap it shut . hand it to Lucy . sand kneel . she kneel in front of Red , level with he . sand ( cont 'd ) show he how much you love I , Lucy . smiling , she put the gun to she temple . Sand lean in and whisper in she ear . Lucy smile look deeply into Red 's eye . click . the gun dry fire . no bullet . Red flinch . Lucy 's eye gleam . tear pour down she face as she laugh joyfully . swan snatch the gun from she , a little disappointed . Red look at Sand with pure hatred . Sand note he reaction . sand another pearl waste before swine . Sand shake he head . Sand put out he hand expectantly and swan hand he a creepy look dagger swan take a good look numbskull ... that 's the tainted blade of the pale night . straight from the abyssal layer . sand you poor stupid pig . bear without soul . Sand lean over and cup Red 's face in he hand and squeeze the skin tight in frustration and rage . % +e * hf sand condemn you to hell will at least make you eternal . you really should thank I . Sand whisper in Red 's ear . 52a . 53. sand you know what Jesus 's big mistake be ? he do not offer up a sacrifice in he stead . Sand suddenly without ceremony slide the dagger deep between Red 's rib . withdraws the blade just as quickly . Red groan through he gag as a stream of blood pour from the wound . Sand recoil , hand the dagger to swan in exchange for a cloth . he wipe he hand . sand we waste the chemist finest on you whore . but I think you both shall see the cleanse power of fire can not be reason with . bring the slut . Sand wipe he bloody hand off casually with a cloth . sand ( cont 'd ) -+. and make he watch . swan holler towards the house - swan bring her ! a moment of horrible uncertainty . and then the back door slowly open . klopek emerge . dragging something over he shoulder by a chain . the remain Children follow klopek and dance around he like they be follow a haycart to the fair . he smile dully . on the end of the chain something trail behind he , slide along the grass and dirt . panic surge anew through Red 's nervous system like a wave of poison . * 54 . the soundtrack explode into music . dark throbbing pulse of RELIGIOUS terror . a slow motion sequence of primal rage and horror begins as they draw nearer he fear come true - ankle bound , it be mandy , bound up in a sleeping bag . red strain against he bond - the barb dig into he flesh . blood stream down from he arm , he torso , he wrist , he cheek . they reach the yard and klopek throw the chain over the top of the swing set . heaves she up until she dangle by she ankle . tear pour down Red 's face . she rock gently in the breeze on the chain . unconscious . brother hanker open a gas can and start to douse Mandy in the pungent fluid , until she be soak through . red bleed . strain . eye wide with terror and rage . Close to black out . Sand study Red as he watch swan light a match and ignite her . the flame spread with liquid speed across she entire body . the only sound be the building roar of the flame and a music of total apocalyptic intensity . Red look away to see a track in on each member of the child as they watch enthralled as mandy burn -- see they individual private reaction to this atrocity . they be enjoying it . the image of they face burn into we mind and Red 's rage fill heart . suddenly as mandy be body burn she awaken -- start thrashing on the end of the chain . the Children smile and laugh with delight . the cloth dissolves melting into she skin . immolating she . 47 55 . tear and blood pour down red 's face as he scream . mandy scream . but we can not hear they . CUT to black . ext . mandy & red 's house - driveway - night 47 slow fade in on the shadow of tree bend to a softly gather wind . the sky howl for a moment like a crash wave . Red manage to lift he head to see the Children of the New Dawn milling outside the house . then he fall unconscious . they load up into they passenger van in the middle of the night . they carry sleep bag and snack , some bit of loot from the house , like they be off on a camp trip . sand ( impatiently ) let 's gooo ! Sand clamber into the van , surveying the house and the smolder ruin of the pyre nearby . he look exhaust . swan take the twin lewis aside . swan jeremiah be very pleased with how you have conduct yourself this evening . you be a man now . Lewis smile awkwardly . twin lewis thank you sir . swan you watch over that animal now . jeremiah want he to bleed out slow . when he 's do burn it all and find you way back home . then you will truly be one of we . 56 . twin lewis thank you sir . I will . swan it will not be a easy task , but it will be a worthwhile one . I be so very proud of you . we all be . swan caress be face then step into the driver 's seat and slam the door . sand let 's get go . I be so tired . some folk music come on the radio as the van roll off down the driveway . swan smirk with delight . swan that stupid porker will never find we . sand he could not find he nose in a mirror . Sand and swan share a chuckle . lewis watch sullenly as the van go . he look over at Red and sigh . mutter something and shuffles off into the house . we move in on red . he sit against the fence . hunched like a animal . it 's quiet now . almost peaceful . his eye open . he long for Mandy . to hold she . to speak to she . he lift he head and look up at he bond hand . he begin to work he already ravage leave hand against the wire . the pain be excruciate . Fresh rivulet of blood pour down he teach forearm . the wire tear at he flesh . his eye roll back . he clenches he tooth stifling a scream . he muster all he will power , all he remain strength - 48 49 50 57 . and then suddenly - he hand be finally free . he exhales and slump , exhaust . int . red and mandy 's home - night 48 twin lewis sit in front of the tv change channel as distort color and bloom of static wash over he face . he get bored quickly and change channel more rapidly . ext . red and mandy 's home - backyard - night 49 Red see a pair of rusty garden shear in the tall grass nearby . he reach for they . int . red and mandy 's home - night 50 twin Lewis shovel potato chip into he mouth while watch a tractor pull television program . Lewis hear something from outside . he stand and move towards the slide glass door of the tv room . he open the slide glass door . we follow he as he walk out into the yard . look around . see nothing . silence . Lewis give up . want to be inside . twin lewis goof - turn around quickly and walk back - slam into the now close slide glass door . he bounce back shell shocked . hand go to he face . twin lewis oweeeeee ! * 51 52 58 . red suddenly move out of the shadow behind he and plunge the garden shear into Lewis 's collar -- sever he artery and shatter he clavicle . we watch from behind the slide glass door as it be coat in blood . Lewis 's panicked , breathless shriek muffle by the glass . he try to run from Red and keep run into the glass and bounce off it till he collapse in a twitching dead heap on the deck . Red look down at he , bath in red light . his eye be dead with exhaustion . ext . red and mandy 's house , yard - night 51 Red stagger to the edge of the pyre . he fall to he knee and dig through the hot ash with he bare hand . he grimace but the pain be nothing now . gently he brushes away burn ember to reveal mandy 's blackened , withered remains . his skin sear and smoke rise from he finger . ripples of heat rise up , shimmer around he . he kneel in the circular pit of ash and slowly lift she from the pyre - and as he do a wind begin to blow . the ash of she form blow away leave he grasp at nothing . int . red and mandy 's home - night 52 he open the glass door tentatively and step into the house . everybody be go . everything be go . Red look alien now , stand in he own home . 53 54 55 59 . int . red and mandy 's home , bedroom - night 53 red come in and lie on the bed . try to pretend nothing happen . he close he eye . ext . field - dusk 54 rotoscoped animation . mandy . her back to we , be stand in a beautiful field of tall grass bath in the light of the set sun . the sky be burn with orange and purple . her hair move in a gentle breeze , the last ray of the sun shine through it . closer mandy start to turn around to face . we want to see she face one last time . she turn backlit by the set sun . but as we eye adjust to the light we see that she face be sink and deteriorate . Dead . rotting . her eye socket be sink and empty . slam CUT to : int . red and mandy 's house , bedroom / bathroom - night 55 Red 's eye open . reality come flooding back -- hyperventilate Red clamber into the bathroom . for a moment in the dark he struggle to breathe . he flip on the switch burn the whole room white with light . 59a . he open the sink cabinet and dig frantically . find a loose board . flip it open . 56 57 60 . dig in . pull out a hide bottle of vodka . hand shaking he twist off the cap . tear pour down he face he chug . cough . burn . his breathe slow . he pound almost the whole bottle . calmer now . he look down at he hand freshly viscous blood pour from he ravage hand into the swirl water below . calmer . trancelike he pour the rest of the vodka over he head . he look at he bloody hand . then over into he own twisted reflection . fade out . black screen . 56 a black metal dirge begins to throb and pulse on the soundtrack . in the darkness fresh blood begin to flow . its tendril reach out through the darkness like the root of a tree . gradually they form the title card : mandy the tendril probe and grow make the word become abstract like a live black metal logo make of blood . int . work shed 57 the dirge continue as white hot SPARKS rain through the dusty air . outside the sky be acid white as the sun rise gaze on the landscape like the unblink eye of a unforgive god . but time have no meaning here . 61 . hand and torso bandaged , red be grinding metal on a bench grinder . it 's a well stock work shed with blacksmith tool : small furnace , anvil , trough and vise . there 's also machinist hardware and some motorcycle & car stuff . red make he own shit . he stop and lower a welder 's shield mask . he put the cold blue light of a arc welder to caltrop ( tire spike ) . he grind the point to a gleam shine . the furnace be ready , glow like a noon day in Hell . red pour molten metal into smithing mold . his bandage hand shake a little with the effort but he make do . rivulets of metal track along the mold like contain lava . burst into flame . FIRE be reflect like a vision of hell in he eye . he hammer red hot steel with a large smithing hammer . with each blow glow ember fly . he dip the blade into a drum of water . steam jet out like a volcanic eruption . red raise he newly forge weapon before he . a demonic battle axe that look birthed from hell itself . the handle curving down into a pike with edge of polished bloodthirsty silver . we will call it the beast . * 58 59 60 61 62 . he inspect the beast , turn it in he hand , feel the weight and balance . he tighten leather strap to he back and chest and sheathes he new weapon . int . red and mandy 's home , basement - day 58 Red close the lid of the floor freezer as we catch a brief glimpse of Lewis 's body stuff inside . he casually light a smoke . ext . red and mandy 's home - dusk 59 sport he favorite three quarter sleeve baseball -t , red load he gear into the back of the bronco . the set sun bathing the forest in blood red light . he start the engine which murmur like a fire . the tire rip on gravel as he start out into the night - dissolve to : ext . road - night 60 Red drive a gnarled cigarette dangle from he lip . the bronco 's headlight burn into the dark void ahead . slam CUT to : ext . caruther place - day 61 Bright blue sky blind we . we tilt down to see Red pull up in the bronco in front of a dilapidate , sun baked house in the wood . mirrore aviator shield he eye . all the curtain draw . there be a few wreck rusting car husk and empty rusted oil drum at the edge of the long dirt driveway . * 62 63 . Red get out and look around . he walk up to the front door . he look down at the door bell . above it be a fade piece of grip tape with the word '' fuck '' and '' off '' write on it . Red ring the door bell -- miraculously trigger a very melodious doorbell sound from inside . no response . Red ring the melodious doorbell again . a muffle voice emanate from deep inside . muffled voice can not you read ? Red cock he head . ring it again . muffled voice what the ... he hear shuffle around . something fall over and break . a moment later the door open a crack . a big , bald head face appear in the crack . Black . the face belong to caruther . 60 . sweat stain wife beater . Dog tag hang around he large , weary neck . he 's low , look up . ina wheelchair . caruther oh it 's you ... be awhile ... red miller I have come for the reaper . caruther size up Red for a second . caruther well ... come on in ... caruther roll back into the murky depth of the house leave the door open behind he . int . caruther place - day 62 Red enter and close the door behind he . 64 . the inside of caruther place be in , to put it politely , a state of disrepair . sunlight try to force it 's way in through the thick fade curtain into the dim smoky air . a large , very old blood hound lie on the dingy sofa asleep . it glance up lazily at Red then drift off again . Red and caruther stare at each other in the live room . on tv the price be right with Bob barker be play with the sound low . even though caruther have see better day we get the distinct impression he could easily kill we with he bare hand . caruther you look like you fall down a long flight of stair . in hell . Red be silent . caruther size he up . caruther Nice to see you too , mister sunshine . Red glance over . on the coffee table next to caruther 's side table be he work . hypodermic needle , bent spoon , and zippo lighter . caruther see Red notice it . caruther diabetic . Red say nothing . caruther give Red a look , remember Red know he , grunt and wheel into the kitchen . caruther ( off screen ) yeah , it 's around here somewhere ... think it 's in the kitchen ... we hear caruther crash around in there , knock stuff over . Red listen impassively . 63 65 . caruther ( off screen ) oh yeah ... here it be ... int . caruther place - kitchen - day 63 Red come in . next to the refrigerator by a dry up old mop and a metal bucket full of stank water be -- a weathered crossbow . the reaper . a matte black military spec assault crossbow , with a large crank lever on the right side for re-cock the drawstring . Red give caruther a '' thanks for take good care of my shit so well '' look . caruther it 's in perfect condition . just like you leave it . red miller ever hear the expression '' treat someone else property like you would treat you own '' ? caruther hey ... look around you man . Red pick up the reaper and test the tension . it pull nice and taut . he wince as he leave hand grip the handle shakily . caruther watch that . Red slacken . try not to let it show . this two strange beast stand in the kitchen for a awkward moment . red miller well , I x11 get out of you hair . caruther ha ha . Real funny . caruther look at Red . he can tell something 's up . 64 66 . caruther so whattya gonna do with that thing ? red miller I be go hunt . this amuse caruther . caruther oh , you be gonna go hunt huh ... well if you be gonna go ... hunt ... I get some other shit you might need . red miller I be hope you would say that . CUT to : int . caruther place - garage - day 64 caruther lean over and dig through a pile of dirty laundry revealing beneath it a dent war tear weapon foot locker with a padlock on it . caruther reach down and efficiently enter the combo in the padlock with he thumb , unlock it with a swift click . caruther have a look ... Red crouch down next to caruther as he swing the lid open . Inside be 2 black aluminium shaft arrow . the metallic tip seem custom make . large , black , raw and lethal look . just like caruther himself . caruther ( cont ’d ) I make they myself at firebase bastogne . Hand sharpen steel head . sharper than the gaze of god . Red look at caruther . 66a . red miller two arrow ? what be I suppose to do with two arrow ? caruther shove they up you ass for all I care . Red pick one up and inspect it . touches the serrate edge . 67 . caruther ( cont ’d ) they cut through bone like a fat kid through cake . Red turn the arrow in he hand . caruther ( cont ’d ) they be yours , on one condition . red miller oh yeah , what 's that ? caruther stare at Red darkly .... caruther you put ‘em to good use . red miller you can be certain of that . caruther you sure you do not want something ... heavier ? red miller different tool for different job . caruther think Red 's lose he marble . Red place the arrow back and sit on a old cooler . suddenly weigh down . caruther be realize something heavy be up . caruther so what you hunt ? Red be consume by horror for moment , envision he spiteful quarry . then he let it out . red miller Jesus freak . caruther chortle incredulously . 68 . caruther I do not know they be in season . red miller yeah ... well ... Red be suddenly overcome . he sit down on a old cooler . head bow . caruther be get concerned . red miller ( cont ’d ) ( very quietly ) Mandy 's ... go ... caruther be shell shocked . he like she . caruther I ... hey man ... he can not find the word . he wheel opposite Red . he gather himself . caruther ( cont ’d ) tell I . Red do not look up . he take off he shade . red miller weirdo hippy type . a whole bunch of ‘em . caruther this zone be lousy with they ... hard to say . red miller yeah ... but then there be the muscle ... do not make sense . biker . but something different about they ... caruther chew on he stogie . caruther different how ? red miller something like I have never see . caruther you catch a patch or a cut ? 69 . red miller Nah man . there be nothing . just ... crazy ... evil . caruther think it over . take a match to he chew half cigar . his countenance become grim . caruther Black skull . as they name be intone Red 's eye glisten with what can only be describe as a glimmer of fear . close . caruther light he stogie , puff and smoke rise and flame bellows before he mouth . he take a deep drag and exhales slowly . a dark sound of doom begin hum like a bad omen on the soundtrack . caruther ( cont ’d ) lookit man ... for a while now word be come down from the big rig , something dark and fearsome out there . no one know where they come from . first it be storey from the interstate , just rumor , that a crew be boost trailer off big rig with a ferocity never see before . leave the trucker for dead . prostitute vanish . gut body leave on doorstep . and always the same - a biker gang . Black bike . only see at night . weird shit . there 's storey , that there be a chapter that run courier for a manufacturer of lsd . he take a dislike to they . cook they a special batch ... and they have never be right in the head since . Travel from place to place without a trail . nomad . some say they be search for that guy . shit 's get spooky , people say they live in the tree , come and go with the wind . that they commune with some dark dimension . caruther pause . freak by he own word . caruther ( cont ’d ) I see they once , man . from a distance . I wish I never do . Red take caruther 70 . caruther ( cont ’d ) this be monster lurking out there my man . irrational , unable to see reality . at least as we see it . what you be hunt be rabid animal . you should go in know you odd be not too good and you will probably die . this all in . red miller do not be negative . chuckle wearily under he breath . caruther last I hear on the cb , they be spot near Spirit River . this get 's Red attention , he raise he eye . caruther leg . caruther nod knowingly . he look down at amputate he caruther ( cont ’d ) I wish there be more I could do ... red miller it 's alright . be deep in think . he glance up . eye fill with darkness . caruther when I see they ... that thing ... be in a world of pain . but you know what the freakiest part be ? red miller what 's that ? caruther they fuckin’ love it . hold close on caruther -- he eye gleam -- a primal drone begins to rise on the soundtrack as we slow dissolve to : 65 71 . ext . forest dead zone , cliff - near dark 65 the screen be engulfed by a long lens shot of a blood red SUN setting behind the jagged top of the tree line . the last light fade . darkness fall quickly across the landscape . the SOUND of roaring motorcycle engine grow from the distance like a unholy demon 's scream . in the crimson light of the fade sun they emerge . the black skull speed forth on they bobber . spider , scab and fuck pig . Pov through red' scope distant , artifact through glass . from he sniper nest in the rock Red track they as they speed through the pitte rocky mountain pass of Spirit River . Red zeroe in on the straggler in the pack . scab . wait a heartbeat then squeeze the trigger on the reaper . caruther 's bolt cut free from the reaper , slice through the hot night air at lightning speed . Red watch as - the arrow penetrate scab 's leave check and lodge there , straight through he face , in one cheek and out the other . scab go to scream but he face will not open . he lose control of the bobber and slam into a rock outcrop by the side of the road at full speed . the bike instantly flip - a twisted metal cyclone spin scab off it like a ragdoll . his body hit the pavement skid and flipping along the blacktop . the other skull do not see it happen . 66 72 . Red toss the reaper into the bronco , jump in . key the ignition and peel out - burn down the hill at breakneck speed riding the shock like a maniac . scab roll over slowly on the asphalt , leg twisted . Red pull onto the highway and gun it right towards he . then - scab pull a magnum 44 from he belt . before Red see it - he raise it and let go a massive cannon blast . the bullet instantly shred the bronco 's front leave tire . the wheel jerk . Red lose control of the vehicle and it flip at full speed - the bronco barrel roll - right toward scab - he jaw drop as he sees it coming . whoops ! it roll right over scab - crushing he like a bug . the bronco grind to a halt on the asphalt . wheel up . Red be batter and twisted in the bottom of wreck . his leg be stick . Boot catch on the shifter . he try to pull free . then - he hear the roar of the other skull double back and speed towards he . he struggle to get free as the headlight engulf he . fade to black . ext . lake - dawn 66 rotoscoped animation . no sound . the sun have not rise yet . 72a. the light be a pale slate grey . 67 73 . a dark tree line on the far side of the lake silhouett against it . the surface of the lake be perfectly still like black glass . we pan down to look at the black surface . a ghostly figure begin to rise from the depth . it be mandy . she be bare and she skin be white and cold like porcelain . her eye be open . she be look at we . slam CUT to : int . ranch house , basement - night 67 black screen SOUND of deranged dog barking . slow fade in . Red awaken in a murky room . he 's down on the floor lean against a radiator . he try to move he arm but it 's handcuff to a expose rusty pipe in the wall . he try to lift he other hand . a lightning bolt of pain shoot through he system . he look over and see it 's nail right to the concrete floor , palm up . Red 's be stripped of he gear and be barefoot . even though he 's in hell he seem strangely rejuvenate . this be where he belong now . muffled from upstairs be a infernal sound . Music ? he look around . he hear strain whimper . 74 . sitting by a misplace vanity table in the corner be spider . wiry , bald . he freebase a from metal pipe . wash it down with some wasp sauce . he be so beyond sanity he can barely communicate but he 's make a special effort just for Red . head down Red keep look around the room for angle . at 11 0 's clock be a deep concrete pit . from this angle he can not really see what 's down there but that 's definitely where the sound of the dog be come from . spider turn around slide on a pair of brass knuckle . Red watch he come . spider punch Red hard across the face with the brass knuckle split the skin on he cheek bone . a stream of blood pour down he jaw . red miller ow . spider take off the brass knuckle and toss they onto the table . he pick up a switchblade and open it . check out the wavy kriss blade . spider speak . if you can call it that . his voice be hoarse and raspy . wet. subhuman . spider you ... kill .... my ... brother .... in the dim light spider 's eye be glassy with monstrous emotion . red miller you brother ... be a pissant . spider kneel down grab Red by the scruff he neck . eye wild with rage he wave the blade in he face . jabbing it into he cheek . spider you have ... a ... death wish ? Red be weary . spider menace he with the blade , run it across he jugular . 75 . red miller I do not wanna talk about it . spider slice open Red 's shirt with he switchblade . Red sigh - look down at the rip shirt and then up at spider . red miller ( cont ’d ) that be my favorite shirt , man . spider look at Red . a beat . he want to laugh but he hate this guy . a involuntary smile quiver across he grotesque face . Red smile strangely back . now we see Red have brace he arm against the rusty pipe apply pressure to it . Hand clasped firmly around it 's length . suddenly he bust the pipe free and swing it at spider . it impact hard on he sickly skull . spider be shell shocked . he stagger backwards right to the edge of the pit . his arm flail for balance . he teeter on the brink . Red watch . they make eye contact . Red blow he a soft little kiss and - spider plummet backward into the hole . his head smack against the edge , flipping he body forward into the darkness . we hear the dog go mad with bloodlust . spider scream as they tear he apart . Red look over at he leave hand . naile to the floor . 68 76 . he reach over . grab the head of the nail and begin to pull . agony surge through he as the rusty nail slide out of he hand . the friction of metal on wood create a horrifying sound . finally it pull free with a thunk . he toss it to the floor and arduously get to he foot . he stagger to the edge of the pit . look in . in the shadow below he can see the dog feast on spider 's * body . some of they leer up . shadowy twisted form , froth at they mouth with rabid fury . they eye glint in the light . red miller ( cont 'd ) good doggy . Red approach the vanity . among the costume jewelry and scattered perfume bottle be a BOX cutter . he grab it . no handcuff key . must be in the pit with spider . he see he trusty zippo amongst the clutter and pocket it . * int . ranch house , various - night 68 Red ascend a staircase up into the main house . a once quaint * ranch house it 's be turn into a crash pad , skull style . * Red look out into the garbage strewn hallway . empty . dim . * clutch the box cutter red crouch low . he stalk down the hallway silently . Fighting the pain . Red hear a sound from behind a door slightly ajar . * he peer into the room . * illuminate by the dim light spilling in from the hall he can see a old man lie on the bed . red miller ( whisper ) hey old man ... you okay ? 77 . there 's no response . he open the door a little more . Light spill in . the old man have he hand tie behind he back . his eye be red from a eight ball hemorrhage . Dead . Red look over . the old man 's aged wife be bent over a chair . dress pull up to she waist . she be also dead . a blood chill expression freeze on she face . Red see a family portrait on the wall and he eye darken as we realize , with he , this use to be they home . til the skull take it , along with they dignity and they life . Red slowly close the door and move on down the hall . the sound grow louder . a flicker light ahead come from the family room . a dim ghostly light emanate from a tv : rancid old porn blast on a vhs tape . also the stereo be blasting at a ear split volume some kind of deafen noise . the speaker completely blow . silhouett by the tv light be fuck pig , he back to Red , shoveling handfuls of cocaine into he face and snort greedily . fuck pig aaaaaaahhhh ! ! red stalk in . he creep closer and closer . red reach for he knife . he 's inch from he . the man jerk , coke to the gill , like he hear something . red tense and hold he breath . his hand do not move . fuck pig grunt and chop out another line . he bow he head hoovering it up . Red move in silently across the room towards he . as he come up for air ... fuck pig ( cont 'd ) waaaaaaaaaa ! ! ! 78 . he see Red reflect in the tv but before he have a chance to react — Red grab he by a fistful of hair , yank he head back leveraging he across the back of the sofa . he 's about to cut when fuck pig reach back lightning fast and grab Red by the arm and hair . he clamp down hard and flip Red over he and the couch and back down into the coffee table which shatter into a million shard . a cloud of coke dust explode into the air . Red drop the box cutter . he scramble around to face fuck pig . we now see fuck pig be wear a strap on blade dido . Red 's eye widen . fuck pig lunge on top of Red -- who part he leg . the knife dildo just miss he groin and lodge into the wooden floor . fuck pig flail on top of Red try to pull free . Red grasp for the box cutter . just out of reach . finally he grabb it . Red swipe the blade across he neck . a moment of silence . then a geyser of blood explode from he severe artery bathing Red 's face in crimson . fuck pig flail , gurgle on top of he . finally , he giant body twitches and go limp . a moment of calm . Red clamber heave the massive body off of he and get painfully to he foot . a moment of calm . suddenly the tv screen implode with a blast . he look over into the kitchen and see * 78a . sis . shotgun at she shoulder . 79 . Dust around she nose . gnarl mouth black with the chemist 's special sauce . stare at he . eye wide with rage . she go to pump another round into the chamber but it jam . Red charge she . she toss the shotgun and snatch a carving knife off the counter . before he know it she be on he slashing wildly . Red try to grab she , the knife slashing at he arm . he grab she by the head and she start to buck against he grasp , arm flail violently . suddenly there be the sicken crunch of she neck break and she go limp . Red let go horrify . her body slump onto the floor ina twitching twisted heap and then abruptly stop move . Red can not move . he stare at the dead body of the woman . lying there , hair splay across the floor she look a lot like red miller ( quietly ) Mandy ... his eye fill with despair . he can not look away . he find himself descend to the floor . he pick up the woman 's dead body and cradle she near . caress she hair . acid tear pour down he face . Red take a breath . he lay she back down . leaden , he stand and head into the kitchen . he look in the corner . there 's a pair of bolt cutter . Red clip the handcuff chain . it look like the skull have dumped a bunch of stuff in here . wad of cash . bag of drug . weapon . garbage . 69 80 . toss in the corner Red see he duffel bag . the reaper sit on the kitchen table and the Beast in the corner like a discard mop . he put the duffel on the table and take inventory . Red 's caltrop , the reaper and the final arrow also he boot and leather Beast harness . on the table he notice the rare and covete jar the skull acquire from the Children . Red unscrew one of the jar and smell it . recoil . he wet he index finger in the jar . raise it gently to he tongue . the instant it make contact - the screen explode into a grizzly hallucination . a wretched demon , its visage a roiling Mass of writhing blood drenched body - its eye hollow pit - stare into he mind before a boiling crimson sky . the demon melt into the abyssal maw above as we pull back to reveal - a rusty decaying radio tower silhouetted by the roiling cloud . Red snap out of the vision unable to draw a clean breath . stun . tear pour down he face . but - he be not afraid . he know now where the chemist be , and only the chemist can lead he to the Children . red holster the beast to he back . pick up the reaper . still faze by the vision . int . ranch house , live room - night 69 Red need a second wind . he scoops some of the coke off the carpet and snort a blast . he clenches he tooth in a psychotic rictus grin . Red peer through the curtain and see - skratch stand solitary in front of a raging enormous bonfire . it look strangely , eerily peaceful . 70 81 . ext . ranch house - night 70 Red exit out the back door of the kitchen and climb up the wall onto the roof . the night be pitch black , the only light come from the nearby bonfire . the forest surround the grounds be black and wet . he creep along the rooftop until he find a good vantage point look down upon skratch , who stand dark and monolithic before the fire . a spectre of the unsane . angle on skratch : we can hear a strange pulsing drine echoing inside the metal chamber of he helmet . he be deep in a dark trance . worshipp the flame . Red wrap a rag around the head of the only remain arrow . soak it in lighter fluid . crack he neck . needle drop -- he ignites it with he zippo -- and as he do we flow into - ultra slow motion . he mount the second bolt on the reaper . he raise he weapon and carefully take aim . his eye gleam in the light of the fire . he pull the trigger and -— the bolt slide steady and true through the hot night air . until - the bolt pierce through the back of skratch 's neck and out through he larynx lodging there . the flame spread onto he body ignite he right arm and back . Red lower the reaper as he watch . skratch twitches . Red 's eye widen as 82 . strangely skratch do not turn around . he stand entrance . eerily still . he reach up with he right hand and pull the bolt forward out through he neck . he drop it into the scalding dust . Red can not believe he eye . he fear this thing . whatever it be . he throw the reaper aside . he jump off the roof - unsheathe the Beast in mid air . he hit the ground run kick up cloud of dust . skratch slowly draw a brutal look twelve inch hunting knife from he belt . the flame spread from he arm onto the blade . Red continue toward he - eye never leave the blind demon . now he be upon he . Red swing the blade - but skratch back hand he across the head send he sprawling into the dirt . Shell - shocked - Red scramble to get to he foot . skratch 's head twitches . he look towards the house . unnaturally he sees through a narrow crack in the curtain of the front room . he see sis lie there dead . his mouth open unnaturally wide in a monstrous silent cry . Red see he chance he scramble forward and without think , without hesitate - body check the Skull with as much speed and force as he can muster use the Beast as a batter ram . skratch stumble backward . Red upper cut he with the Beast and quickly hit he again with a kick to the chest . this send Red reeling backwards into the dirt and skratch - plunging into the raging FIRE . 71 83 . he be completely and instantly engulfed by the raging inferno . Red clamber to get he bearing - roll onto he side . a beat as he catch he breath and then - a blood chill shriek emanate from within the pyre . he look up to see - skratch slowly crawl out of the fire on all four like a animal . completely consume by flame . even as he body be withere away by the flame he keep crawl forward towards Red . a twitching live carcass . his movement strange . Red get to he foot and limp to he . he raise the Beast and bring it down clean . take off skratch 's head . instant silence . his flame skull roll across the dirt and he char smoking body finally collapse . Red kneel and pries the blackened hunting knife from he desiccate claw . sheath it in he belt . CUT to : ext . ranch compound - night 71 Red stand , stagger through the smoke . he look down , see a bent smoke lie miraculously in the dust . he pick it up stick it in he mouth . with he duffle strapped to the back -- Red mount fuck pig 's gnarly jet black four wheel atv . he start the engine and gun it . peel out at high speed kick up a shitstorm of dust as he burn away from this accurse place . dissolve to : 72 73 74 84 . ext . forest road - night 72 the blackness be cut away by headlight in the fog . red speed through the darkest of night on the quad . he wind along a uphill road and a valley of darkness lie below . flashes of low atmosphere night lightning strobe - he have enter a darker , more primeval forest . the tree be no longer green only glimpse as full grey and black . god' eye view as red wind through the strange landscape . dissolve to : ext . strange terrain , the chemist 's place - night 73 Red turn off he headlight and kill the engine in strange terrain . roll to a stop . we pan over to reveal the rusty decaying radio tower he saw in he vision . he dismount and move towards the small , low one story cinder block building in the distance on foot . he clutches the hunting knife . there be a metal garage door open a few foot . some light from inside , and ... a 70 novelty song emanate softly from inside . he kneel down and peer under the door . then duck under . int . the chemist 's place - night 74 red rise and look around . a large empty work space . at the far end of the room stand a wiry man wear nothing but a black vinyl apron . slicked back hair . the chemist 85 . florescent tube cast a pall over the table where he stand before he unusual lab setup . he be dip a large uncut sheet of card stock , bare hand , in a chemical tray fill with murky grey slime . there be stack of uncut sheet of lysergic acid diethylamide on another table . some hang from clothes pin on wire . seal jar with murky dark fluid on some shelf . aquarium with strange insect . to the right of the room be a veterinary cage with a mandrill in it . it appear very calm . Red enter the room . his boot scraping on the linoleum floor . the chemist keep work . the mandrill look over at Red serenely . red watch as the chemist 's hand move slowly out of the tray and across the counter . his hand slide across the surface onto a luger with a lightning bolt inset in the handle . red grip the handle of he knife and we hear the leather creak . the chemist register this . his hand slide off the luger . slowly the chemist reach over and press the stop button on a tape deck . it click and echoe through the room loudly as the music stop . the chemist it 's cool man ... it 's cool .... slowly the chemist turn around to face red . he have a gaunt , pale face . sunken eye . we see now that he pupil be extremely dilate . his eye like black hole into the infinite abyss of the universe . he study red who look like some primal beast barf from the lung of hell itself . cut. bruise . cake in dry blood . 86 . the chemist a jovian warrior bring forth from the eye of the storm . he lick the lysergic acid diethylamide from he drip wet , bony finger . the chemist this be my masterpiece ... I call it ... Blue unicorn ... stripped away now be the rag bleed flesh of this dimension . red stand stare , say nothing . the chemist gaze at red , he eye fill with emotion . the chemist you ... move ... I ... red glance over at the mandrill . the chemist that 's lizzie ... if she 's calm ... I know it 's good ... red look back at the chemist . something come over the chemist . the chemist you be right ... you be right ... the chemist cross the room . he open lizzie 's cage . she look around . we can see that lizzie be high as a kite . lizzie crawl out of the cage and climb down onto the floor . she cross the room towards red . a savage wild animal , she pause for a moment to look at he then go out under the door disappear into the night . the chemist look sadly as she go . the chemist bye , lizzie . it 's not right ... keep a... live be ... ina cage ... the chemist be get more emotional . 87 . the chemist you get ... set in you way ... the chemist seem almost ashamed . he smile awkwardly and apologetically . he look back at red . he be stare into he eye . red stare at the chemist . the chemist be overcome with emotion . the chemist oh man ... they ... wronge you ... why they gotta be like that ... the chemist look down . he seem suddenly tired like the whole weight of the world be bear down on he . his breathe seem labor . the chemist you exude ... a cosmic darkness ... the floor be slick with a sea of blood . in the blood writhes a thousand black centipede . the chemist you see that ? he look to Red who nod he head slightly . he can see too . the chemist okay then ... then something change . the chemist the Children .... the chemist take a deep holy breath . lighter . eye shine . he look at red , calm . they be together in this room . now . here . he know what red want and what he have to do . 75 76 88 . close on the chemist . a strange peace spread across he face . the chemist North . the word resonate as we hold on the chemist eye shine in the shadow as we dissolve to : ext . forest - night 75 close up . slow motion . the mandrill -- bath in the firey light of the moon . it bare it 's fang at the world . dissolve to : ext . mountain pass - night 76 red ride he quad through the inky blackness of night . his headlight cut through the darkness ahead . soon he be pass burned out remains of car . skeletal and grey , melt by heat and ash the moment the mountain erupt . into whirl of ash and fog the world go entirely grey . red steel himself and keep go - eventually the cloud parting , here on top of the mountain . a faint orange glow pulsate against the moonlike greyness of the world . tree turn to cinder , a thick layer of grey snow , black bubbles breathe in the soil . thin pillar of smoke seep from the ground . the quad get bog down . Red look down to see - the tire of the quad be melting into the still hot ash . red gather what he can and leave the quad trudging onward . 89 . he walk out of the grey into dark night back down the mountain pass ... dissolve to : omitted 77 ext . forest - night 78 rotosscoped animation . we track forward through a dark mystical forest . Mandy , naked , hair wild and move preternaturally in a silent wind , stand over the carcass of a massive slain beast of myth . her eye shimmer with a supernatural power . she shove she hand into the body of the beast and pull out its bloody still beat heart . she raise it above she head - blood pour down she arm onto she neck and chest . the pulsing blood cascade from the heart into she mouth as if from a wine skin . 79 80 90 . her eye gleam in the red moon 's light , demonic with * otherworldly lust . * slam CUT to : ext . dry river bed - dawn 79 Red awaken suddenly . eye open . the light be pre-dawn grey and cold . he lie on a dry riverbed . * his body look decimate . cover in dry blood , bruise , * dirt and ash . but he eye be still alive . still glint with purpose . * Red hear something . * his eye drift over . a strange red lizard , a Blue Ridge Red salamander , crawl slowly across the black wet rock nearby . Red watch it . eye smile slightly . Mandy would have like that . then he hear something else . red get to he foot look towards the forest . a chainsaw . distant but unmistakable it echoe through the valley . CUT to : ext . forest - day 80 on foot red crest a rocky cliff . he look down and see a small church in a clear . the church appear to be incomplete and newly build from fresh pine cut . 81 91 . there be two car park out front . the van and a buick sedan . he lie on he belly and watch . brother eldrich be cut some lumber with the small chainsaw we hear . brother swan , sister river and sister lucy - emerge from the unfinish church . they get in the van . it drive off down a narrow dirt road into the forest . red watch they go , he eye shine cold forge hate . fade to : ext . forest road - late afternoon 81 the van with the child approach . they be sing . swan be drive with sister lucy upfront . sister river sit in the back . down the road - Red toss he caltrop scatter they on the asphalt . he walk toward the van right down the middle of the road . cover in ash blood and charcoal axe in hand he look like a monster . swan spot he and panic - floor the gas . the van fly by red who turn to watch . the tire blow out on the caltrop . the van wobble and veer impacting with a tree . within - swan fly forward and blow through the windshield - outside - he body slam through break glass lean over the hood of the van . swan moan and struggle to free himself . red walk over . sister lucy fumble with the glove compartment . Red pull swan out through the window slowly let he body drag all over the break glass . he set he up against a big tree . pull out the Beast . 92 . Red grin at swan . * pop ! blood bloom on red 's shoulder and behind swan the tree splinter . pop ! pop ! Lucy fire the SMALL revolver . red turn from swan to face lucy . she fire again , delirious , cackle , graze red 's ear . calmly Red raise the hunt knife and throws it . it pierce she eye . she freeze in shock . let out a soft * sigh before drop to the ground , dead . swan watch as Red turn back to he . * swan breathes terrify . swan no. no. no. no. no. Red raise the the Beast . he bring down the hilt pike into * swan 's gape , scream mouth with a hearty thunk ! a high pressure jet stream of plasma explode from he mouth , * then subside pump out of swan with each pulse of he quickly fade heart . swan gargle as hot blood pump freely from he mouth . sputter as it fill he lung . Red stare into he eye until he be go . he pull the Beast free . on the edge of the road he see sister river stand in the grass nearby . terrify . 82 83 93. her wavy hair and the wild grass ruffle in the soft wind . red watch this for a moment . she look at Red , fearful , expect to die . red miller get outta here ... river hesitates . Red motion . red miller go on . she realize she 's free and begin to stagger off down the road . hesitantly at first then faster . she slow down , a quiet moment as she glance back - see Red , the barbarian , cake in blood and ash walk away down the dark forest road . blade in hand , every footfall doom . ext . forest church , driveway - night 82 red approach the fledgle compound . brother hanker polish Sand 's prize ' 74 buick lesabre with a rag . red stalk low like a predator through the shadow . hanker be completely unaware -— red hurtle the beast - it whip silently - hilt over blade - through the cold air - until - it meet hankers skull . wedging into it like a ripe melon and throw he body to the leafy ground with a soft thud . ext . forest church , lumber pile - night 83 red creep intently toward the church . under construction , the area be full of raw timber and plank . a noise alert he . brother klopek sit calmly whittling on a pile of log . his pocketknife look ridiculously small in he enormous hand . he 's a giant . 94 , red spot a chainsaw . he smile . pike the Beast into the * ground . he creep to it keep a eye on klopek . slowly * slip he hand onto the grip . switch it to on . red hoist it up and sharply pull the starter cord once . nothing . * klopek look up to see he . show no fear . eye dull . Red begin to back away try to start he see . * klopek stand and calmly back up a few step , keep he * eye on red . he look down and Red see another chainsaw handle jutting out from behind a stack of lumber . klopek close he massive hand around it . slowly withdraw the blade . klopek slide the blade out further - * and further and further it 's massive . a chainsaw as long as a greatsword . the blade just keep go and go as it appear from behind the stack . klopek lift the gargantuan chainsaw out in front of he like it 's nothing . Red give a '' maybe I be fuck '' look . red hold up the small wood chopper chainsaw , defensively . klopek calmly pull the cord once . it roar to life * instantly . * vrrrrrrrrrrmmmmmmmmmhhhh — 95 . Red circle try to start he see . a few feint and jab by red and the blade touch , shoot sparking metal into the drench air with a hellish grind sound . klopek smile dumbly . then klopek point the see at Red and charge - Red back away fast frantically pull the chord . klopek be almost on he . the giant blade close fast . at the last possible micro second red 's saw roar to life . he guffaw and swing it up just in time to block klopek 's mega see . they blade cross shoot glowing red SPARKS into the air . the force and weight of klopek and he see force Red backwards as they grind they blade together jostling for supremacy . klopek again have the upper hand by size and he blade pressure red 's blade back towards Red 's face . * 96 . red can feel the turbulent air of the blade a hair 's width away . red slam the chain brake lever - his blade shudder to a stop - catch tooth on klopek 's chainsaw linkage . red 's chain shatter - whipping the tooth out - klopek 's see sputter . he yank on the cord try to restart it . Red spot a coil of chain on the ground . he throw the see to the ground . quickly grab up the chain move backward . klopek 's see roar back to life . behind a veil of kick up smoke , and he shriek blade klopek turn to face red he smile once more . Red unspool the chain and begin to swing it . when it 's at speed he let it fly . the chain fly toward klopek but he swat it away with the spin belt of the see . klopek smile and swing he saw from right to left . move faster toward he -- push Red to move faster too . Red hoist the chain again swinging it . klopek have have enough . he grunt wildy and charge at Red . move backwards Red whip out the chain and it connect with klopek wrapping around he neck . Red fall back hard , leveraging the chain against he arm and pull with all he might . klopek 's speed pull he forward with the chain and the weight of the see . he begin to stumble . Red 's eye widen in anticipation . klopek stumble forward and belly flop right onto the massive spinning blade -- split he open from neck to groin . 84 85 97 . the see sputter , and stop . they make eye contact as klopek 's bewilder eye flicker into death . red release the chain fall to he knee and collapse back into the mud . he lie there . the rain beat down upon he . his breathe be raw but it 's kind of peaceful right now . he think he might stop . the droplet make a nice soft sound as he listen . he draw in a deep clean breath . ragged , he slowly get to he foot and stagger forward towards the the church . int . church - night 84 Red move through the rough hewn skeleton of the church . empty but for pile of raw lumber scattered around . at the far end there 's a lectern , cover in a sheet of clear plastic . Red approach it . he rip off the sheet . the lectern be ornate and finely detailed . adorn with a wood carve of a strange visage on it 's face . Red notice behind the lectern the wood floor give way revealing a concrete rimmed hole in the floor . a hazy red light emanate from within . he move towards it and see there 's a metal ladder plunging into the abyss . int . catacomb - night 85 Red descend the ladder into a hellish crimson light . he reach the bottom where there 's a concrete chamber . tunnel branch off it , abandon from some cold war dementia long forget . 86 98. red hear distant footstep echoing off the concrete . he follow they deeper and down into darker part of the cavern system . the wall be slick with black ooze all through the catacomb . Red touch he finger to the wall and smell it , then taste it . he spit . poison . he move on . the tunnel be get narrower and darker and the wall give way to bare rock . he peer into a chamber . Inside be what look like a suburban bedroom assemble in a subterranean tomb . mother marlene sit there on a bed , sobbing . she look up at red as he walk into the room . she marvel at he physique and the visage of he avenge ruin . in a drugge trance she stand slowly and come near . she sniff the air around red . she want to touch he . to embrace he . she place she hand against red 's skin and caress he , watch he muscle twitch . marlene jeremiah say I be the most sensual lover he 's ever experience . because of my sensitivity and my empathy I can anticipate my lover every move ... and meet they like warm wave ... lick the ... rocky ... hard .... shore .... she look up at Red expectantly . CUT to : int . catacomb , crypt 86 the most primitive chamber yet . dripping stalactite protrude from the ceiling . wearing only a loin cloth , Sand stand by the cavern wall caress the slick gnarle stone surface . he seem drugge . 99 . he sense a presence . turn and peer into the dark passage . sand God be in this room . come no closer . from the shadowy entrance mother marlene 's decapitate head roll across the floor and slide to a rest at Sand 's bare foot . a look of terror shiver across he face and eye like a electrical current but he suppress it . marlene 's lifeless head watch sand . he look up to see Red emerge out of the shadow into the chamber . sand oh , hi. red lumber into the room certain of he purpose , on the verge of total collapse . sand what be you go to do ... I mean I offer you salvation but you choose to wallow in filth . you can not harm I . look at what he provide . all mine . closer . Sand be impatient . this heathen be not worth he time . sand you be just meat . without a soul , without a mind , without anything ... you be nothing but a damned animal . with no spirit everlast ... no radiant light .... no better than a damned animal . I possess elucidation you will never know . every single step red take require the remain of he willpower . he 's shambling , heavy , inching closer . Sand be become enraged . sand you ... unholy ... abomination ... you be not even worth my spit . 100 . sand ( cont would ) you be finish ... all that hate in you heart ... that 's to blame ... it follow you everywhere . closer . Sand 's anger rupture , eat away by the barely contain fear beneath . sand you will roast in hell for this transgression ... but I can help you . it 's not just you life I can save . it 's you god damned soul ... Red grab Sand by the side of he head and push he to he knee . groveling now . Red stare at Sand unmove . he grip sand 's head in he ravage hand . Sand be come apart at the seam . his reedy voice break . sand please ... please do not hurt I I ’11l do anything ... can not you see this be all part of you journey ... a journey that lead you to I ... to claim you salvation ... you cleanse ... by my hand ... Sand be weep uncontrollable now . he claw at Red 's hand draw blood but Red 's vice like grip do not falter . sand I 'il blow you man ! I x11 suck you fuck dick . be that what you want ? please ! please ! do not do this ! Sand be overcome with a wave of crippling , desperate rage and humiliation . sand I do not kneel before you . you kneel before I . I carry God 's gift in my heart not you , so you kneel before I mother fucker ! Red begins to squeeze Sand 's skull with all of he power . Sand begin to shriek in agony and terror . then mewl like a animal as the pressure on he skull become unbearable . 87 101 . red miller I be you god now . red crush sand 's head like a rotting melon . it be almost sexual in its satisfaction as sand 's feature implode and split OPEN . his rupture brain and eye gush forth in a hot volcanic flow of pulsing blood and electric green slime . as Sand 's eye slide out and down he pulverize cheek he scream melt into a sputtering wheeze and then stop . red tilt he head back , eye glaze over and roll back . his jaw slacken . he drop Sand 's body onto the floor like a limp doll . he look down as he raise he shaking blood drench hand and gaze at they with the eye of a animal . he look around , daze . Red take out he trusty Zippo . flick it to life and toss it onto the oily black floor . it erupt into blue flame . they engulf the floor and cascade fluidly up the wall of the cavern . sand 's pulverize head with distend open eye twitches and burn on the stone floor . red move through the shadowy passage - flame follow he - liquid blue flame engulf the tunnel in fluid slow motion as he move through the dark . ext . church / forest - night 87 red emerge from the church and stagger away as flame engorge it , thick black smoke bloom outward into the night sky like a exhalation of crom . Red look up . eye illuminate by the night sky . alive with the light of all the ancient star . red get in the buick park on the grounds . the key be in the ignition . 88 89 102 . he start the engine . sit there in silence . only the motor rumbling . stare off into space . remember . memory - night 88 the most beautiful song in the World play as we see the first night they met . we be in a pack road side bar . dark. smoky . Red light . a strange memory of heaven . gliding softly at 38 frame per second . Mandy stand against the wall smoking and drink a beer . she have a black eye . sad eye . she see Red from across the room . he 's alone . smoke . her eye stay on he . he look up and see she . he look away shyly then . then back again . she smile . they sit together . talk . look at one another . feeling lucky to have find each other . they come together . holding each other in the shadow . blissfully unaware of all around they as unheard music play . they kiss softly . they drive through the night together . Red look over at Mandy riding shotgun . she look back at he . in love . forest road / buick - night - now 89 Red drive the buick through the night . he glance towards the passenger seat . Mandy be there . 103 . in she summer dress from the night they meet . gazing towards he . her eye be black and shimmer with a strange demonic light . he look back to the road . eye dark and alive and flood with emotion beyond time . they have be brutally reborn into a universe of sensual , unforgive chaos and he can never turn back . wide . the car burn down the dirt road . the image transmogrify into the soft flickering rotoscoped cell animation of a dream . wider . from high above we see he headlight cut through a wind forest . we pull back to reveal - widest . a range of dark ancient mountain . in the formation of the rock we can almost see the shape of a woman' face . her face . a thick bank of cloud and fog roll over the mountainscape like she hair blow in the breeze one summer day . the end