arbitrage written by Nicholas jarecki 4/17/11 black . over credit we hear : maria ( o.s. ) ... but you take a huge bet on the housing crisis in the middle of the biggest boom anybody would ever see . why ? ROBERT ( o.s. ) I be a child of the 50' . my father weld steel for the navy . and my mother work at the VA . int . robert mansion - day as the conversation continue we see : 1 . a maid clean a expansive live room , waxing a mahogany table . 2 . a butler open slide door to a empty grand sit room . 3 . a overhead shot as a servant carry package up a long wind staircase . ROBERT they live through the Depression , Pearl Harbor , and the bomb . and they do not think bad thing might happen ; they know they would happen . maria be that what 's happen now ? ROBERT when I be a kid my favorite teacher be Mr. James . Mr. James say that world event always revolve around five thing : ( extend he finger one - by - one ) int . robert live room - day and right on cue , we see for the first time -- ROBERT miller ( 60 ) -- sit on a sofa across from maria bartiromo and a camera crew , mid-interview . ellen miller ( 58 ) watch on a nearby monitor . ROBERT m-o-n-e-y . goldenrod - 4.17.11 2. maria ( laughing ) be this freshman econ ? ROBERT this be fifth - grade econ . ( smile , off she laugh ) but this be something we have see over and over again , time and time again , that competition for this -- limited amount of dollar out there , can make even the best of we manic . so it 's not surprising that we see this asset bubbles , but when reality set in of course , they burst . CUT to black . " arbitrage " cloud give way to a : falcon 900 ex - soaring through the skie at 550mph and we push tighter into the plane , cut into the engine , as we hear a sonic boom and focus inside , revealing ... int . falcon a sleek , slate - gray cabin , divide into three seating area . at the back of the plane , five aide do camp chatter in hushed tone , pour over a sea of red-ink paper . in the galley , gavin briar ( 42 ) , pour a coffee . he bring it back to ROBERT who sit alone in he private area face the cockpit , scribbling he own red-ink across a stack of contract document . his effortless slouch , silver hair , and all - commanding mannerism make one thing clear : Robert 's we man . gavin ( hand he the coffee ) here you go ... Robert sip it . goldenrod - 4.17.11 3. gavin ( cont 'd ) ( sitting ) you be disappointed . ROBERT quant ? derivative structure ? what be that about ? gavin it make no sense . ROBERT that 's what you say last week . why would we go down there ? gavin to sign . ROBERT and do we sign ? gavin no . ROBERT no . we do not . instead I fly two thousand mile for a marketing meeting ... and where be mayfield ? what be this " emergency " ? what be that about ? gavin ( after a beat ) do you speak to the auditor ? ROBERT why ? gavin what if ... we do not do not close this week ... we push into a close - up of Robert , as he contemplate what this would mean . ext . westchester airfield - moment later the roar of thirty million dollar landing near tall grass . ext . hangar - continuous Robert walk down the passenger step onto the tarmac , follow by gavin and the aide . goldenrod - 4.17.11 4. they approach a wait mercede maybach . the aide hand file box and briefcase to the Hispanic driver , ramon , who load they into the trunk . ext . street - continuous the blur of city light as the limo pass over bridge and towards the city and Park Avenue and finally approach ext . gracie square - robert mansion - continuous a enormous turn - of- the-last - century Stanford - White -design red-brick mansion - two already - giant townhouse combine . Robert and gavin exit the limo and head inside . int . robert mansion - entry hall - continuous it 's we first glimpse of Robert 's home , and it do not disappoint . it 's a 1850 's tudor give a full once - over , maintain period detail but update with a modernist flair . it actually work . a servant take Robert 's briefcase from he as he enter , hand he three small present which he put under he arm . we hear sound of a dinner party complete with child laugh . hold on Robert 's face - some mixture of excitement and anticipation . int . dine room - continuous a party in progress , dinner already serve . seat around a large square table be : ellen ( 58 , Robert 's wife ) , brooke ( 28 , Robert 's daughter ) , peter ( 31 , Robert 's son ) , tom ( brooke 's boyfriend ) , anne ( Peter 's wife ) , and three grandchildren . ellen 's play with one of the kid . she see Robert . ellen ( lighting up ) look , you grandfather 's here ! the kid clamor for Robert 's attention . he move around the table , hugging they all . ROBERT hi , guy ! goldenrod - 4.17.11 5 . grandchild hi grampi ! what do you bring we ? Robert hand out the present , and the kid unwrap they in a frenzy . he continue make the round until he finally get to brooke and Peter , seat next to each other . they embrace , but we notice clear restraint , a mark contrast to he behavior towards they kid . brooke it 's you birthday , dad , not theirs . you be spoil they rotten . ROBERT ( grinning ) it 's my job ! it 's my job . you guy turn out fine ! brooke ( half - smile ) debatable . ROBERT ( to Peter , as they hug and smile ) how you doin ' , son ? good ? Robert round the table and take he seat next to ellen as she discreetly wave to the servant . ellen we have to eat . the kid be starve ... ROBERT ( hugging she , happy ) no , no that 's okay . where 's my drink , be this mine , here ? another servant enter with a cake flicker birthday candle . everyone notice and start clapping . all hey ! happy birthday ! yay ! Robert smile . they finish cheer , then clink glass for a toast . ROBERT thank you , thank you , thank you all very much , it 's such a surprise , I do not even know it be my birthday ! everyone laugh a little . goldenrod - 4.17.11 6. ROBERT ( cont 'd ) what do Mark twain say about ? he say -- old age ... be clearly a case of mind over matter . if you do not mind , it do not matter . ( more laughter ) I have do a lot of thing in my life , work very hard , but be here , look around -- at all this shine , radiant face , I know that my best work be right here in this room , right now ... I be deeply proud of all of you . that 's the best gift you mother and I could have hope for , ( kiss ellen ) so , thank you ... peter ( calling out ) ... and to have sell the company to Standard this morning ! they all laugh . ROBERT ( smile ) that , too , Peter , but - no business tonight -- no business ! ellen oh , here we go ! more group laughter . ROBERT although you one - track mind assure I you have get not only you mother 's gene , but you have get mine , too ! more laughter . Robert laugh , too . he see ellen hug Peter across the room . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) now , I be aware that may seem uncharacteristic , but maybe it 's take I sixty year to realize what 's truly important -- and it 's you guy so thank you all very much . all ( as they applaud ) hear , hear ! goldenrod - 4.17.11 7. int . study - moment later a warm , clubby room , keep traditional . Robert pour out two scotch . ROBERT kid be wild . brooke ( laughing ) I do not know about I as a mom . ROBERT no , no no , you should have -- I want more " you 's " around . Robert bring the drink to the banquette where brooke rest with a open folder . he resume signing papers . brooke ( laugh ) it 's all about you , be not it . ( point ) four ... and nineteen . ROBERT yeah , yeah yeah ... brooke nod , try to smile . brooke so what be that all about ? ROBERT what ? brooke the last time you make a speech like that we lose the firestone bid . ROBERT ( laugh ) yeah , well ... I just ... want it to be about the family tonight . she nod again , unconvince , then pull out a magazine . brooke you see this ? he look closely at it . a " forbe " cover story : " Robert Miller , the Oracle of Gracie Square : investor profit in uncertain time by predict housing crisis . " goldenrod - 4.17.11 8. ROBERT ( shake he head ) yeah ... oy . you know how I feel about that . trash can . brooke Peter 's get a copy pin up in the conference room . ROBERT ( sit back , take a drink ) well , you gonna keep skirt around it ? brooke lean back and stare at he . brooke why sell we company ? we make a great return , we give money to the cause we believe in ... ROBERT my darling , you be still in you 20' . I be 60 . that 's a big difference in point of view . brooke dad , you be not that old . ROBERT ( laugh ) it catch up alright . and maybe there 's some other thing I would like to do . maybe I would like to spend a little more time with you guy ... outside the office . brooke shoot he a look . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ( growing impatient ) what ? stare at he , then brooke ( laugh ) I be just try to imagine what we would do . int . entry hall - later ellen be supervise the yawn child as the party wind down . she see Robert put on he overcoat . goldenrod - 4.17.11 9. ellen where be you go ? ROBERT Office . ellen now ? ROBERT yeah I gotta finish up that thing . she hold a beat , then approach and straighten he collar . ellen ( smile ) but , I have not give you you birthday present yet ... ROBERT ( smiling back ) I will be back as soon as I can . he kiss she and start to exit . she stare as he walk out . hold on she . ext . lower broadway - night a taxi stop in front of a large frost - glass apartment entrance . Robert exit , pay the driver through the window . ROBERT ( into he phone ) yeah , gavin , it 's I , uhh ... when you get this -- I want you to call Chris vogler at fremaut , tell he I need to see he right away , okay ? int . loft apartment - night julie c么te ( 32 ) sit at the head of a marble table in the exquisite space . it 's the modern mirror of Robert 's mansion , the line carry through fully this time . and Julie be the modern woman : sleek , fit , and flow , even at home . she 's intently focus , handwrite personal note onto a stack of invitation for the " Julie c么te Gallery - painting by Victor rodriguez - April 10th " as she downs the last of a white wine . she 's get a seating chart out that she 's work on . the intercom ring . Julie head over , see Robert 's face on the video monitor . she hold a beat . goldenrod - 4.17.11 10 . ext . loft apartment - same Robert wait in the cold , stare into the camera as Julie watch he from inside the loft , not move . after a second , the door buzy open . int . julie' loft - same Robert enter . Julie be already back at the table , write . she 's arrange 4 polaroid of different painting on a wall , along with a seating chart . he walk down the long hall . he come up behind she , run he arm across she stomach . julie ( stand in frustration ) okay ... she cross to the open kitchen and pour out more wine , light a cigarette . Robert trail . ROBERT alright , I be sorry . I be sorry I be late . I be always late -- you know that -- and I be sorry . and I be always say I be sorry about be late . ( cross to she ) it do not mean I would not rather be here with you . they stare at each other as she drag off the cigarette , then stub it out . he gesture to the dining table . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) the show 's gonna be beautiful . julie ( finally - -) you gonna be there ? ROBERT ( slight beat , then definitive ) I will be there . she stare , still in the moment . then she head to the fridge and slide out a homemade birthday cake . he stare at it . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ( laughing ) oh wow , that 's great . goldenrod - 4.17.11 11. julie I make this for you . ROBERT you make this ? this be amazing . one candle , thank you very ... she reach for the cake , grab a piece of it with she hand and ... smear it onto he face . the tension break , and they laugh . he grab she and they kiss furiously , pull at each other 's clothes as she push he backwards into the bedroom and they begin to make love . int . greenberg &amp ; company - office hall - the next day Robert enter the palatial quarter , decorate with ornate 18th century furniture . as we will see soon , it 's a stark contrast to he functional empire . he follow a strike british receptionist down a long hallway pass a massive glass conference room . they arrive at int . greenberg's office - same the receptionist escort Robert in . stand to greet he be jeffrey greenberg ( 53 ) , handsome and charming . jeffrey thank you , Diane . she exit . Robert sit . a moment of silence . jeffrey ( cont 'd ) so ? ROBERT I be here . jeffrey guess what 's not ? ROBERT Jeffrey , I tell you , I be ... jeffrey " ... work on it , " yeah . well , while you be do that , lemme tell you what 's not work ... ROBERT ( leaning forward ) Jeffrey ... goldenrod - 4.17.11 12. jeffrey ( louder ) ... what 's not work be my four hundred twelve million dollar that 's sit in you account so you can pass you audit , the four hundred twelve million that you need , you say , for two week , and which have be languish now for ( look down at paper ) thirty - two day , while it could be elsewhere invest , earning a actual return , instead of couch the absurd lie that you be spin . ROBERT what do you want I to say ? jeffrey that you be gonna get a signature from mayfield , and that my hostage money and my fee be go to be send to I promptly , say ... by tomorrow ? a beat . ROBERT I be solving the problem . I be get you you money and you fee . you will have they very shortly . jeffrey when ? ROBERT as soon as they sign the contract . jeffrey ( beat ) you know , I be not the one with the liability , pal . I just make a loan . you be look at jail for a thousand year for fraudulent conveyance and ... ROBERT ... stop it ! you do not have to talk to I like that !... jeffrey I do not get you into this mess ! ROBERT you be a friend of mine !... goldenrod - 4.17.11 13. jeffrey ... remember when you ask I if it be a good idea to divert half you liquid asset into a fuck copper mine ? what do I tell you ? ROBERT ( stand , head to door with coat ) be we do here ? I think we be do here . Jeffrey stare at he contemplatively for a moment , then appear to reach some sort of conclusion . jeffrey ( matter-of -fact ) Friday morning I take my money back . ROBERT ( shake head ) you can not do that ... jeffrey ... the fuck I can not , it 's in a escrow bill with one - day call rights ... ROBERT ... I need the money there until they sign , Jeffrey . what if they check again ? jeffrey that 's really not my problem , be it ? ROBERT ( stare , fume ) not you fuckin problem ... ext . STREET - madison avenue off Robert as he storm the pavement . int . robert limo - continuous and enter he wait limousine , slamming the door . ROBERT ( to ramon ) let 's go . they drive off . Robert turn on the television . goldenrod - 4.17.11 14. cnbc announcer the dow continue its uptick this morning on new housing start to rise 132 point . asian market fare less well , especially in Russia , where further nationalization plan cause foreign investment to sputter , lead to various ... Close on Robert , try hard to contain he building rage . his phone vibrate a text , from Julie : " see you at 8 ! " he stare at it , breathes in deeply . the carphone ring : " gavin . " ROBERT ( bark ) what ? gavin ( o.s. ) Seven -thirty tonight at the four season . we will get it straight with mayfield then . ROBERT ( calming a little ) good . very good . int . robert bedroom - later ellen stand tie Robert 's tie in front of a dress mirror . ROBERT be this too blue ? ellen it 's the third one you have try . she finish tie it . he look in the mirror . ROBERT ay , yay yay . I look old . ellen you look regal , and wise , and grant a little worried . what be go on ? be you afraid of this meeting ? ROBERT they have not sign the papers . ellen I think that 's why you fly down there . goldenrod - 4.17.11 15 . ROBERT ( rub he eye ) so do I , but for some reason they be stalling . I do not get any sleep on the plane and ... ellen now come on . it will all work out . just follow the plan . ROBERT what plan be that ? ellen " confidence equal contract . " ROBERT ( laugh ) you sound like a fortune cookie . ellen they be you word , actually . ROBERT then you marry a idiot . ellen ( beat ) okay , but I be think , idiot , that , after the deal be do , which it definitely will be , why do not we just take off ? Pete 's in the best place he 's ever be , you daughter be always as brilliant , right ? so , I wanna have some fun . I wanna have fun with you ! he stare at she softly , but stay silent . ellen ( cont 'd ) let 's go to ravello - the house there . we have not be there forever .. ROBERT ( growing uncomfortable ) there have not be time . ellen we have to make time . we go for a year . let 's take a year and get fat and have fun and go on a adventure . I mean -- seriously -- how much money do we need ?. do you wanna be the richest guy in the cemetery ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 16. he straighten he jacket , laugh . ROBERT I do not wanna be in the cemetery ! ellen oh , by the way , Mary call from St. Victor 's Hospital , again , she say they still have not get the check yet ... ROBERT I be take care of it . ellen the gala be Friday . should I be sell my ring ? what 's go on ? ROBERT I have have to move some thing around for the merger . ellen it 's only two million . ROBERT ( walk up to she , laugh ) only two million ? ellen ( smile ) yeah ! ROBERT you remember -- riccio 's ? full meal ... two buck ... all you can eat ... three buck ... ellen I do remember . but I do not remember you be so sentimental unless you be try to change the subject . a knock at the door . ROBERT ( as he head out , smile ) I do not know what you be talk about ... ellen slap he behind . goldenrod - 4.17.11 17. int . maybach - night Robert and gavin ride , both shuffle papers . int . four season restaurant - continuous Robert trail gavin up the stair as he type out a text message to Julie : " wrapping up mtgi - be there soon . " the maitre 'd spot Robert and greet he as he approach . maitre 'd Mr. Miller , good to see you , sir . you party have already arrive . he lead Robert and gavin into the int . pool room where we see brooke and Peter seat with a group of executive include aime ( 45 ) , and barne ( 43 ) . displeasure immediately register on Robert 's face . ROBERT ( sotto , to gavin ) where the hell be mayfield ? gavin shake he head . they approach the table . barne ( as they sit ) Mr. Miller , thank you for come . we be just get acquainted with brooke and Peter here . ROBERT ( smiling ) I hope they do not beat you up too much . aime they have be terrific . peter dad , we have be talk about operation . Tim think once we consolidate we can save about fifty percent on we back -office . Robert phone vibrate . it 's " Julie " call . he silence it . goldenrod - 4.17.11 18. ROBERT I would love to hear about that , but ... ( a beat ) I have think Mr. mayfield plan to join we tonight . aime ( nods ) Jim should be here in twenty minute ; he suggest we get right into detail . barne I be just tell brooke : now that we can market you quant ' track record , we have access to a host of new capital that ... Robert drift as the suit prattle on . dissolve to : int . pool room - later the exec be still chatter . Robert be sweat . Julie call again . Robert silence it again . then he get a text : " 9:40 pm - fuck you . " barne ... assume we shed debt through some small liquidation , I would say ... ROBERT I be sorry , gentleman , we have be here nearly two hour now . where be Mr. mayfield ? aime he just texted I . he 's very sorry , but he 's be detain . ROBERT detain where ? silence . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ( rising ) alright , I think I can leave you with my family ? barne of course . again , Mr. Miller , a privilege . goldenrod - 4.17.11 19 . ROBERT yeah , yeah yeah . Robert refuse aime ' hand and head out . brooke rise . brooke ( indicating ) dad ... they move off to the side . gavin ( to aime ) this be the bullshit way you try to close a deal ? aime Port ? would you like to have some port ? int . four season restaurant - moving as brooke catch up with she father in the hallway . brooke do you get my message ? ROBERT no . what 's up ? brooke we need to sit down . ROBERT what be it ? brooke I do not want to talk about it here . ROBERT ( sharp ) brooke -- brooke I find some strange entry in the " Old Hill " book . ROBERT what kind of entry ? brooke I be not sure yet , but there 's definitely something off . goldenrod - 4.17.11 20 . ROBERT alright , come by about eleven tomorrow and we will look at it then . and brooke ? brooke yeah . ROBERT see if you can find out what happen to mayfield . 26 she nod , as Robert dash down the hall . 26 ext . julie c么te gallery - a little later Robert exit he maybach in front of a big scene in progress : trendy folk overflow into the street , camera flashing ... int . gallery - continuous the space be cavernous , modern luxe -- a liagre design with thirty - foot column and slab granite . the art collection on display be indeed beautiful - photo-realist painting -- and each one tell a strange story . Robert enter and scan the room . no Julie . he approach the gallery assistant . ROBERT how're they do ? assistant great . everyone love they . ROBERT yeah , but how be they do ? assistant so-so . he scan the party further . no Julie . ROBERT where 's Julie ? assistant she 's in the back . int . gallery - office in back - continuous we pick up on Julie bump two rail of cocaine . goldenrod - 4.17.11 21. she 's dress in a burnt red , form -fitting lanvin dress , hair coiff , perfectly make - up -- if we do not suspect anything , we would think she be the precise image of New York art - world success . Julie pull she hair back and straighten , enter the main gallery ... int . gallery - continuous where she quickly see Robert search for she through the crowd . she stop dead , consider go back into the office ... but she stand firm . Robert find she eye . he stare at she . she stare back , with a simple look that say , plainly : " go away . " she turn and head off to talk to a group of patron , include the painter victor . one of the group be a dashing young man - be he flirt with she ? Robert approach , stare at the young man , then at Julie . she 's all smile , but she do not immediately introduce he . he stand there , until -- ROBERT hey , Julie . julie oh ... ( to the group ) this be Robert Miller , one of we collector . this Katrina stanton , and Alex stanton and they daughter ava , who be a talented young artist . Robert shake hand with the group , exchange pleasantry , especially kind to young ava ( 15 ) . ROBERT oh , really ? painter ? ava drawing . Julie begin to walk off , disappear into the crowd . ROBERT ( looking around ) yeah , that 's great . ( as he notice Julie leave , to the group ) ( more ) goldenrod - 4.17.11 22. ROBERT ( cont 'd ) I like the size of the painting , I wanna talk to you about they in a second . Robert trail Julie , move up to she quickly . he reach out to touch she and she spin towards he violent , definitive . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) what ? why be you do this ? julie go -- away . Julie head back to the buyer . dismay , Robert take a last glance , then recede out towards the entry desk . he approach the gallery assistant he be talk to earlier and pick up the buy sheet at the desk , mark some piece . ROBERT I will take ( pointing ) that two . and the rubik 's cube on the back wall . assistant ( point to list ) right there , number seven . ROBERT do not tell she it be I . ( off she nod ) I mean it . assistant you get it . Robert walk out and hail he driver . int . robert bedroom - later off Robert , in bed with ellen who be asleep . he get up and stumble to the bathroom , put on a robe . int . private elevator he approach the basement level carry a folder of papers ... goldenrod - 4.17.11 23. int . service kitchen and sit at the counter , stare at a report of some kind . he refill a glass of scotch , downs it . int . julie' loft - night Julie 's a touch wear from the evening , but she 's still compose . she sit with five guest include she gallery assistant , the handsome young man from earlier , two women , and two guy who look like painter . one do a line of cocaine off a " fantom " magazine . painter ... fuck dalwood would not know a Van gogh from a Van eyck . and they call it a " State of contemporism ... " Julie 's phone ring . she look at the caller - id , ( which show she home line call ) confuse . julie ( into phone ) who 's this ? ROBERT ( o.s. ) it 's I . julie what do you want ? ROBERT ( o.s. ) I be here . julie where ? int . julie' loft - bedroom Robert watch Julie through a crack in the doorway . he 's on she cordless phone . we intercut . ROBERT I be in you bedroom . can you get that people out of here ? julie be you serious ? ROBERT look down the hall . do you see I ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 24 . julie ( looking ) I see you . ROBERT okay , so I be serious . she hang up and begin to clear out the guest . Robert sit , unbuttone he collar . int . julie' loft - live room the guest finally leave . Julie head to the bedroom ... int . julie' loft - bedroom and find Robert sit , look a little too comfortable . julie you just come in and out whenever you want ? ROBERT I think we should talk ... julie ( laugh , then in a rage ) one damn night in a month I tell you be important to I , et tu es meme pas capable d'etre la ... ROBERT ... I be work , do you understand ? I be under enormous pressure , I have obligation ... julie ... I do not want to hear about you obligation . if you care -- you would have be there ! ROBERT I be there ! I be there ! I be late , but I be there . and I be here now . julie no , no , no . you be here when it 's convenient for you to be here . c'est pas can l'amour . Love mean you fucking show up ! goldenrod - 4.17.11 25 . she walk off into the live room Robert follow she . they stand at a great distance as she downs a red wine . ROBERT I be sorry . julie why do you buy that painting ? ROBERT because I like they . her face fall slightly , but she keep she grace -- and she anger . julie okay , thank you for help I get start . but if I be gonna fail -- then let I fail ! ROBERT Julie , you be not gonna fail . why would you fail ? he cross towards she . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) you know , I be not the kinda guy who want to throw money away but if you wanna start a business , you have to project a certain image . julie what image ? ROBERT success . he sit down next to she . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) the market 's a disaster right now ; nobody 's move anything . that 's why you gotta show sale . people look at you then and they say " whoah , how would she do that ? " -- and that 's what they remember . always . she stare at he , laugh a little in devastation , then ... goldenrod - 4.17.11 26 . julie ( quietly ) you be never gonna leave she . hold on Robert 's face as he stare at she , silently . CUT to : bedroom Julie be on the bed , hold herself , cry . Robert come up next to she , hug she . ROBERT come away with I . let 's just take you car and go ... julie ... where ?... ROBERT there 's a place upstate . very beautiful , on the water . we can wake up there together - just you and I . I would like that . she 's keep cry , but ... julie I , too . ext . highway - dead of night a mercede 450 sel drive the interstate towards Connecticut . billie holiday sing she 1959 " just one more chance . " we hold on a two - shot through the windshield : Julie rest she head on Robert 's shoulder . and the camera move closer into Robert 's face , Julie snuggle next to he , billie 's music lulling the moment into tranquility , and finally , just finally , Robert have a moment 's respite , as he slowly close he heavy eyelid , nodd off into a trance of desperately need sleep until ... a scraping metallic noise jolt we back to ext . highway reality -- as the car drift into the CENTER median where the tire catch on a small metal scrap and blows out , flipping the car over and over until it careen to a halt . goldenrod - 4.17.11 27 . int . car Robert 's eye flutter open as he come to , groggy . he 's badly injure , but breathe . he start to feel he body . Movement return ... he look over at Julie . it be instantly obvious she be dead : she 's be nearly decapitate , a deep gash rip through she neck . shock , follow quickly by panic . we hear a dripping sound . a gas leak ... Robert reach into he pocket and dial 911 ... he look at the phone just before press " send " ... and hang up . he try to open the door . it 's stick . he kick at it . it open . ext . two - lane highway - night he drag himself out of the car . stands . smoke be still rise from the smashed hood . he pull up he shirt . a deep bruise : a break rib from the steering column . he wince . he take a few step forward , move around to the passenger side . he look again at Julie . horrific . he reach out to touch she , then stop . hold on he face . he sink to he knee , put he head in he bloody hand . he scream . then he rise , and begin hike to the side of the road . ext . field - dead of night Robert walk and walk through tall grass . in the distance behind he , a massive explosion light up the sky in a fireball as the gas tank finally catch , incinerate the car and its content . int . gas station bathroom Robert clean himself up in the sink , apply soap and water to he cut stomach , scrubbing frantically , he take all the paper towel and put they in he pocket . goldenrod - 4.17.11 28. ext . gas station - later Robert pick up a payphone by the bathroom , cradling it to he ear with he sleeve and dial with he other finger through he shirt fiber . ROBERT ( into phone ) yes , I wanna make it collect ... operator you name , sir ? ROBERT lawrence grant . ringing , then ... jimmy ( o.s. ) who the fuck be this ? ROBERT Jimmy , it 's I . jimmy ( o.s. ) Robert ? ROBERT I want you to listen to I very closely ... ext . car wreckage site police car flash light . a emt unload Julie 's char corpse into a body bag . investigator sift through rubble . det . michael bryer ( 43 ) sit in a tan sedan , drink a cup of deli coffee . barely awake , he stare out the window at a bunch of state troopers argue with he partner , mill . mill break away from the uniform and approach , shaking he head . bryer get out of the car . bryer you gotta be fuck kid I . mill catch detective want we to rule before he call it . bryer we have be have the same fuckin' argument for twenty year . ( more ) goldenrod - 4.17.11 29 . bryer ( cont 'd ) they can not handle one drunk motorist kill herself ? mill I be not so sure about this ... bryer head over to the car , he interest pique . Mills shine he flashlight towards the passenger side . mill ( cont 'd ) car roll have multiple impact , but she be here ( point ) and she foot ( point ) be down there . bryer immediately see what he mean -- dent metal , even in the burnt door . bryer ... so who kick out the door ? bryer bend he head down to the car 's passenger side , look off into the distance of the path Robert take just moment before . ext . gas station about twenty yard down the road , a black suv hum , wait . Robert open the passenger door and get in . int . car - continuous Inside be jimmy grant ( 23 ) , Black . ROBERT let 's go . they start to drive . Jimmy look over at Robert ; he 's pretty bang up . jimmy you gonna tell I what this be ? ROBERT it 's better you do not ask . jimmy so all you be sayin ' be , you need a ride somewhere . goldenrod - 4.17.11 30 . ROBERT that 's correct . jimmy because I want to be very clear about this : you call I to give you a ride . I be give you a ride . ROBERT no , you be not . we be not here . jimmy oh , no ? then where the fuck be we ? ROBERT we be both alseep right now . at home . which be where you leave you phone , right ? jimmy right . ROBERT because if anyone check ... jimmy why be anyone gonna check ? ROBERT they be not , as long as we be not here . anybody know you be here ? jimmy no . ROBERT somebody know you be here ? jimmy no ! ROBERT but somebody know -- you be not there . jimmy well , my girl ... ROBERT oh , Jesus , Jimmy ... jimmy man , you call up two be , what the fuck you want ? she ask I where I be go . goldenrod - 4.17.11 31 . ROBERT what would you say ? jimmy I tell she I have to run out a minute . a beat . ROBERT do you trust she ? jimmy be this the kinda shit you use to do to my dad ? ROBERT do you trust she ? jimmy yes , I fuck trust she ! ROBERT good . so you be at home , and I be at home . my wife get up at five be for pilates -- I will be there next to she , where I have be all night . and you will do the same with yours . Jimmy exhales a long sigh . jimmy this be some pretty fuck up shit . ROBERT Jimmy ... jimmy no , man , come on , I do not hear from you since the fuckin ' funeral , you call I up out of the blue , use my father 's name , ask I ... ROBERT ... what do you want , you want money ? I will give you five thousand dollar ! I will give you ten thousand dollar ! I will give you whatever you fuckin' ... Jimmy swerve the car to the side of the road and stop . goldenrod - 4.17.11 32. jimmy you wanna talk to I like that you can get the fuck outta my car and you can walk ! you want that ?! you wanna fuckin ' walk home ?! ROBERT ( after a beat ) listen ... I be sorry . I be not myself . I need you help . Jimmy wait a moment , then re-enter the road . Robert wince in pain . jimmy you alright ? Robert be hold he side . he pull up he shirt . Jimmy see the awful purple bruise from the steering column . jimmy ( cont 'd ) Jesus , man ! we gotta get you to a hospital . ROBERT no , I just ... have to get home ... I will deal with it in a couple of hour . jimmy what if you do not make it a couple of hour ? ROBERT then I do not make it . ext . third avenue - night the suv stop a few block from Robert 's house . jimmy ( through the window ) call I , alright , and let I know it 's okay . ROBERT ( as he exit ) better we do not talk for a while . jimmy ( can not believe it -- through the window ) so what you get in a bind and just call up the only nigger you know ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 33. Robert look at Jimmy , eye tear . ROBERT I be sorry , Jimmy . I really be . just go home . jimmy yeah , alright , man . take care of that . Jimmy 's car drive off . Robert hobble up the block . int . robert mansion - night Robert enter the basement . he run into a security monitoring room . we see a street view of camera outside the door he just enter . he pull disc out of video recorder . int . robert mansion - service kitchen Robert stand in front of a bin mark incinerator . he be wear a new t-shirt and slack . he place all of he bloody clothes and the video disc into the incinerator , pour lighter fluid on top of they . stare at the clothes , he notice one cuff link be miss . he strike a match , set the item on fire and close the hopper . as he exit the burn area -- servant everything okay , sir ? Robert turn , startle . ROBERT I be fine , Glen . go back to bed . the servant shuffles off . int . robert bedroom - night Robert quietly undress , leave on the white undershirt . he press at he rib , wince again . then he get into bed and stare at the ceiling . ellen ( half - asleep ) where do you go ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 34 . ROBERT what ? ellen ( dreamy ) I wake up for a minute , you be not here ... ROBERT I just go to ... eat some ice cream . ellen be it good ? ROBERT ( pain , shifting he body ) yes ... ellen good . do not forget to take you lipitor in the morning ... ROBERT ellen ... ellen what ? ROBERT do you still love I ? ellen of course I do ... she roll over . hold on Robert 's face . ext . park bench - day syd felder ( 64 ) sit next to Robert . syd hypothetically , the situation you be describe would be involuntary manslaughter . ROBERT and such a person ... syd ... would be in a lot of trouble , especially if that person be close a merger with a large public bank where any publicity or arrest could delay or derail the transaction . ( more ) goldenrod - 4.17.11 35 . syd ( cont 'd ) but that 's only if there be some evidence that could link he to the crime . ROBERT fingerprint , DNA ? syd very hard to collect after a explosion . the real world 's different from television . ROBERT what about cell phone record ? syd do this person make any call from the area ? ROBERT not from a cell phone , no . syd then they will not be able to place he there . ROBERT what would you advise such a person to do ? syd to confess immediately . ROBERT fail which ? syd to put as much distance between himself and the event as possible , if possible . but let I tell you something , and I be speak to you as a friend now : there be about fifty thing that person would not have think of . and the more time that pass , the more lie that be tell , the worse it get for he . Robert stand . syd ( cont 'd ) ( french accent ) Robert ... ROBERT yeah . syd they be go to come to you . goldenrod - 4.17.11 36 . ROBERT I know . syd a accident 's not the worst trouble . if we talk to they now we can probably work it out . ROBERT you tell I what happen if the Standard deal do not close , and I gotta tell my investor about we real loss ? syd nothing good . ROBERT and what would you say about the justice Department ? depend on what they decide to arrest I on -- fraud conviction get I twenty year ? syd I do . ROBERT ( laugh in pain ) what choice do I really have ? ext . fremaut accounting headquarters - later we follow CHRIS vogler ( 52 ) through the busy lobby out to the street . he cross Park Avenue and get into Robert 's limo . int . limo - continuous Robert open the percocet bottle , downs four pill . Chris enter and sit . Robert mime a question . CHRIS you be aware Congress plan to extend the audit requirement for private fund . ROBERT of course I be aware . I give testimony to the committee . ( zeroing in ) you know this . goldenrod - 4.17.11 37 . CHRIS well , Standard want to prepare for it now . so I be ask to go through every one of you trading book and reconfirm they asset . ROBERT no. absolutely not . that 's impossible . CHRIS do not worry . I put the team on different book and I leave " Old Hill " for myself . ( smile ) anyway , I be here to tell you -- I clear it . ROBERT the audit 's clear ? CHRIS the report will be issue today . actually , I be call it my " swan song . " ROBERT you be leave ? CHRIS yeah , on Friday , it 's a five - year clock . ROBERT ( exacerbated ) and why ? CHRIS uhh .. to prevent exactly what we be do . but honestly , there 's nothing leave to worry about . it 's -- great . the carphone ring . ROBERT ( to CHRIS ) get out . Chris exit . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) what ? gavin ( o.s. ) how be it ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 38. ROBERT what ? gavin ( o.s. ) the show . ROBERT what the fuck be you talk about ? gavin ( o.s. ) the show , Julie 's show ? ROBERT oh ... oh , it be fine ... a beat as Robert rub he eye . gavin ( o.s. ) mayfield 's here . ROBERT he 's here ? where ? gavin ( o.s. ) sherry netherland . checked in about a hour ago . ROBERT he call ? gavin ( o.s. ) no , brooke have a friend on the executive committee who say he 's take meeting in he room ... ( no response ) maybe he 's settling in . ROBERT you think we be deal with a fuck idiot ? gavin ( o.s. ) ( beat ) I speak to legal . they say Standard will sign once they get the audit report . ROBERT that 's be issue now . gavin ( o.s. ) how do you know that ? ROBERT never mind that , just find out why mayfield have not call we . goldenrod - 4.17.11 39 . gavin ( o.s. ) how be I ...? ROBERT do I have to do every goddamn thing myself ? just find out ! will you please ...? thank you ! he hang up and exhales deeply . int . miller capital - later we track through a spartanly - furnish trading office : high - design with lacquer and mute mahogany . people at computer make phone call . clock show different time zone . int . robert office - continuous brooke sit across from Robert . they be review papers . brooke I can not reconcile it ... ROBERT reconcile what ? brooke the " Old Hill " Fund . dad , be you listen to I ? ROBERT of course I be listen . ( sit forward ) okay , that trade be in the special book . they do not get audite on the same balance sheet . brooke yeah , but look at the sheet ! it can not be right . there 's a four hundred million dollar hole here . I mean that can not be right . int . robert office reception - continuous det. bryer enter the glass door and badge the receptionist . receptionist May I help you ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 40 . bryer detective bryer . I be hope to see Mr. Miller . cindy be he expect you ? bryer possibly . int . robert office - continuous brooke ... the way that this sheet read , half of the fund 's asset be miss . ROBERT ( laugh ) that 's ridiculous . that can not be right . brooke I know , it 's ridiculous , and yet ... ROBERT okay , I will look into it . I promise you I will look into it . the intercom handset ring . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yeah . cindy ( o.s. ) there 's a detective bryer here to see you ? ROBERT ( stiffen , then into phone ) give I two minute , then send he in ... brooke everything alright ? ROBERT yes , my other meeting just get here early . we will have to pick this up later . brooke okay . and Mom want to know about the hospital check ? ROBERT brooke , we will pick it up later , alright ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 41 . brooke okay . brooke exit . Robert steel himself . cindy ( o.s. ) detective bryer , hi , I be Cindy , Mr. Miller 's personal assistant , right this way . int . robert office corridor - continuous as brooke exit , she and bryer cross path . she eye he ... he do not look familiar . off brooke , curious . int . robert office - continuous Robert lead bryer towards two sofa where they sit opposite each other . ROBERT yeah , I be sorry to keep you wait . you can sit there . we just hear about it . really terrible . bryer okay , so you be a investor in she gallery ? ROBERT correct . bryer how would you meet she ? ROBERT through ... I think it be a charity function . my wife and I have a foundation . bryer uh-huh . when would you last see she ? ROBERT last night , at the gallery . bryer do you stay till the door close ? ROBERT no , I think I leave about ten . bryer where would you go ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 42. ROBERT Home . bryer you go straight home ? ROBERT yeah . bryer you stay home ? ROBERT yeah . bryer ( smile ) you wife home ? ROBERT ( smile back ) yes . bryer shift , edging forward . bryer okay . okay , so now , back to the gallery . do you see she with anyone ? ROBERT see she with anyone -- what do you mean ? bryer you know like a boyfriend , someone she might have leave with ? ROBERT not that I notice . no . no , no . bryer reason I ask , be , that we have not locate the driver . ROBERT the driver ? bryer yeah , someone else be drive . ( beat ) sometimes , the driver , will go for help -- and he will die tryin ' , you know ... goldenrod - 4.17.11 43. ROBERT this be awful . this be truly awful . bryer we be search the area right now . so no boyfriend that you know of ? ROBERT actually we do not talk about personal matter . bryer she be just a employee , right ? ROBERT well not a employee . I be a investor . bryer why would you invest ? ROBERT why do I invest ? bryer yeah , why would you invest ? ROBERT she have a great eye . she find I ( point ) that bryce marden 's there . they go up in value very quickly , and on the basis of that I agree to fund some of the gallery . bryer ( after a beat ) would you mind if we searched she apartment ? ROBERT why would I mind ? bryer it 's in you company 's name . ROBERT oh , right . yeah . of course . sure , go ahead . bryer now , Mr. Miller ... ROBERT mmm-hmm ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 44 . bryer why would you lease a apartment for Ms. c么te ? be that something you normally do for you employee ? ROBERT actually I say that she be not a employee , but -- I think she would just come over from Paris if I remember , and she need a place to entertain buyer . bryer so you lease she this apartment . ROBERT it be through we hold company . you seem a little confuse by all this ... bryer ( laugh ) I be . but I will get there . gimme time . ROBERT alright . bryer now , I do not mean to be indelicate ... ROBERT but you be go to be indelicate ... bryer well , from what I have be able to gather , she be not exactly a art star . I mean , she work for a couple a dealer in Paris , but ... ROBERT oh , okay , I get it , so why would I invest in she and help she find a place ? bryer something like that , yeah . ROBERT it 's very simple , detective . I invest in people I believe in . I think she would do well , so I back she , she do . it 's be simple as that . goldenrod - 4.17.11 45 . bryer ( nod , stand as Robert stand ) well that seem to make sense . ( beat ) so we be all good with the apartment , then ? ROBERT sure . bryer thanks . Robert show he to the door . bryer turn back . bryer ( cont 'd ) what happen to you head ? ROBERT what ? bryer that 's a nasty cut ; I have be look at that for the last five minute . do it hurt you ? ROBERT ( touch the cut ) oh , no , I just hit it on the medicine cabinet . bryer last night ? ROBERT this morning . bryer hate when that happen . ROBERT yeah . I , too . bryer well , thanks for the chat . ROBERT no problem . bryer head out . we hold on Robert as he close the door and wince in pain . goldenrod - 4.17.11 46 . int . ellen' office - outer suite - day a serene khaki suite with high - post window and white upholster furniture . on the wall be gala poster from various charity event . mae ( 30 ) sit at a reception desk type . the phone ring . mae ( into phone ) ellen Miller 's office ... int . ellen' office - continuous ellen 's stand , cradling the phone and pack she handbag . across she desk , susan ( 30 ) review the guest list for the hospital event . ellen ( into phone ) and it , it transformed they , seriously . mae ( softly ) there 's a detective bryer in the lobby . ellen hold up she hand , buy a moment . ellen ( into phone ) and thanks again for you generosity . alright , we will see you then . thank you , bye . ( hang up , to mae ) I be sorry , what ? mae detective bryer . ellen what do he want ? mae I do not know . ellen smooth she suit and put she bag over she shoulder . ellen ( head to the door ) well , I be late so -- I just can not deal with it right now . mae okay , what about this ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 47 . ellen send they a thank you note , Zappos have be so generous -- thanks , bye guy . ext . ellen' office ellen exit the building , pass the doorman and then bryer , who be wait in he car outside the multi-unit townhouse where she keep she office . she do not notice he as she pass and enter a towncar . she 's about half - way into the car when he approach . bryer ( call after she ) Mrs. Miller ? ellen ( startled ) yes ? bryer ( show he badge ) detective bryer . ellen do you just call my office ? bryer yeah , I be hope to talk to you . ellen well , I do not have time right now , sorry .. bryer ( turn on the charm ) just take a couple a second . it 's about you husband . ellen well , fine , but , make a appointment . she close the door and ride away . bryer smile in frustration , walk back to he car . int . towncar - day off ellen 's face as she try to keep it together , shaking . goldenrod - 4.17.11 48. int . julie' loft - day a forensics team sweep the apartment , collect fingerprint , rug sample , etc . Mills supervise from the side . bryer approach . mill how would it go ? bryer well , the wife blow I off -- which be interesting . and he do not admit to the affair , but then he would not , would he ? mill why do not you pick he up ? bryer he 's a very rich man . what happen with the pay phone ? Mills pull out a sheet from Verizon . mill get about fifteen call in a three - mile . two of `em look a little strange : get a income -- that 's probably a local drug deal ... bryer and the one we care about ? mill collect call . about a minute and a half . make from the Chevron station on West Lake Road . bryer who would he call ? mill cellphone in harlem . still wait on the address . bryer ( think , get up and pace ) so , you be at the crash site . alright , and ... you make it outta the car . now ... you be smart enough not to use you own cellphone . so you get to the pay phone ... ( more ) goldenrod - 4.17.11 49 . bryer ( cont 'd ) and you be a billionaire , right ? you be a billionaire -- so whaddya do ...? ( Mills shrug for the punchline ) you call someone in harlem ? int . miller capital - office corridor - day Robert be head down the hall towards the elevator . gavin jog up to he . gavin ( out of breath ) Robert , I just hear about Julie ... I be so sorry . her Gallery call . her mom 's fly in today . ROBERT ( manage a nod ) her Mom ...? service here ? gavin tomorrow at nine be . ROBERT well we should pick up the expense for that . whatever she want . you will take care of that personally , for I ? gavin ( nodding ) of course ... be you okay ? ROBERT you reach mayfield ? the elevator arrive and Robert get in . gavin not yet , but we will get he ... ( stare ) Robert , I ... ROBERT thanks . appreciate you concern . gavin 's still stare as the door close . ext . convent avenue - jimmy apartment build - day pedestrian hurry by this busy stretch of Upper Manhattan . goldenrod - 4.17.11 50 . int . undercover car - same bryer and Mills wait . Jimmy approach . mill let 's flash he . they drive up on the sidewalk , block Jimmy 's path , and Mills exit the car . ext . jimmy apartment - continuous mill Mr. grant ? jimmy yes ? mill nypd homicide , would you mind step into the car ? jimmy what 's this about ? bryer ( through the window ) just get in the car , Jimmy . jimmy be I under arrest ? bryer ( through the window ) you wanna be ? int . interrogation room - later Jimmy sit across the table from Mills and bryer . they show he photo of Julie 's burn body at the crash site . bryer so let 's do this again . jimmy man , for what ? my answer be not gonna change . bryer you be asleep . jimmy right . goldenrod - 4.17.11 51 . bryer and you phone ring . jimmy right . bryer and it 's a wrong number . Jimmy do not answer . bryer ( cont 'd ) why do you accept the charge on a collect call from a wrong number ? jimmy I do not think I wanna answer any more question . bryer and you stay on the phone a minute and a half on a wrong number ? what the fuck do you talk about , area code ? jimmy I want to talk to my lawyer . mill listen , kid , we know you go out there . we id would you photo with you neighbor who see you get into you truck ten minute after this call be make . jimmy well if you get all that , what the fuck you need I for , officer ? bryer I do not think you understand the gravity of the situation here , Jimmy . this be a homicide . jimmy lawyer . int . syd be limo - day Robert ride with syd . he review a document entitle " maple lane trust - James L. grant - beneficiary . " Robert sign the document , close the folder . goldenrod - 4.17.11 52. ROBERT you be gonna sign he out ? syd I call in Earl Monroe . ROBERT the basketball player ? syd Civil rights attorney . you remember Crown Heights ? ROBERT he 's the best ? syd he 's the best above 96th Street - and that do not make he any cheaper . Robert slump back , stare out the window . ROBERT you have gotta get Jimmy out of this . syd it might not be that easy . if he do not cooperate they be likely to indict he on obstruction . ROBERT what would he be look at ? syd hard to say . with he prior ... five year , maybe ten . Robert 's silent . int . bond release area - day Jimmy stand at the counter as earl monroe ( 5as , Black ) sign papers . bryer wait . bryer ( to jimmy ) this be not go to go away . Jimmy ignore he and exit with Earl . ext . STREET - continuous Jimmy and Earl exit the buidle . goldenrod - 4.17.11 53. earl I will call you tomorrow if there 's any news . do not worry about anything . and do not talk to anyone else . you take care . Jimmy nod and walk up the street towards syd 's limo in the distance . int . syd' limo - continuous ROBERT come on , get in . Jimmy enter . the limo drive off . jimmy all you say be you want a fuck ride ! you do not tell I you kill that girl ! ROBERT Jimmy ... jimmy I be try to put my life back together . okay , I appreciate you help we , but now you be push it too far . ROBERT it 's gonna be okay . jimmy like it be you ass sit in there ? like you know a fuck thing about how it 's gonna be ? ROBERT we have get you the best criminal lawyer -- jimmy -- do not you get you own son for this ? why the hell you do not call he ? ROBERT Cause he woulda fuck it up , okay ? jimmy well I be sorry you son 's a fuckin ' idiot , but that be not my fault . syd this be not productive . goldenrod - 4.17.11 54 . jimmy oh , okay . so tell we then , syd , what happen now ? syd we meet with Earl and we go from there . I understand that right now they do not have enough to charge you with anything . ROBERT you under suspicion . jimmy under suspicion ? motherfucker , I be Black ! ROBERT I be aware of that . jimmy and what exactly would you like I to do about it ? syd ( buz the driver ) gentlemen , my driver will take you where you wanna go , but I can not be a party to this conversation , so this be where I get out ... ext . STREET syd step out of the limo and watch as it roll away up tenth Avenue . int . limo - continuous jimmy why could not you have just stay ? ROBERT I could not . jimmy why not ? ROBERT because I have responsibility . and if I stay there , a lot of people would have be hurt . jimmy somebody be hurt . goldenrod - 4.17.11 55 . ROBERT other people , Jimmy . I have get business trouble , you understand ...? people rely on I . Jimmy chew on this , dissatisfied . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) listen ... I want to talk to you a second . come here . I wanna show you something . Jimmy slide over to sit next to Robert . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) now , you know , you father ask I to look after you . jimmy yeah . ROBERT yeah , I know I mess up , alright ? I be sorry . but I do want to help you , you know that . ( hand Jimmy the folder ) so I have be able to set up a situation for you . jimmy what 's that ? ROBERT it 's a trust . in you name , asset of $ 2 million dollar . take a look at that . jimmy ( astounded ) be you serious ? you think money 's gonna fix this ? ROBERT what else be there ? Jimmy laugh , then rise and knock on the limo 's partition . jimmy ( to the driver ) yo , yo man , pull over . ROBERT ( stare at he ) what be you gonna do ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 56 . jimmy I look like a fuck snitch to you ? ROBERT I do not know , Jimmy . I do not know . be you ? Jimmy laugh in disgust , begin to open the door . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) wait , wait , wait . sorry . just -- read it . just take it home and read it . it 's not gonna hurt you . Jimmy grab the document and get out . Robert stare ahead into space . his cellphone ring . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ( agitate ) what ? cindy ( o.s. ) I have get Chris vogler from fremaut accounting , you ask I to interrupt you . ROBERT yeah , put he through ... ( he hear Chris come on ) Chris ... CHRIS ( o.s. ) Robert , I have run into some problem . we be do a " non-recommend . " ROBERT ( bewildered ) what ...? CHRIS ( o.s. ) they get compliance involved . I be sorry . ROBERT Chris ... CHRIS ( o.s. ) I have gotta go . ROBERT Chris ? CHRIS ! goddamnit , Chris ! goldenrod - 4.17.11 57 . int . miller capital - accountant's office - day brooke sit alone in the accountant 's office we see earlier . she review spreadsheet on he computer and compare they with printout from a file cabinet that she have break open . number from the screen reflect across she read glass as she stare in disbelief . she dial a number . brooke ( into phone ) Peter ...? I be look at some statement right now ... how much do you book last quarter ?... no , I be not ... no , Peter , I be really just ask you ... she 's look at a entry on the screen : " Miller Capital management - peter miller group - $ 68.3mm " brooke ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) thirty - five million . for you entire group , right ?... it be not sixty -eight ?... of course it 's a big number ... no , I be not ... oh , Peter I will talk to you later . brooke tap the keyboard and a printer spit out page . suddenly , BEN ( 40s ) , a accountant we see earlier , appear . BEN what be you do in my office ? brooke bolt up , startle . she collect the papers she print . BEN ( cont 'd ) hello ? brooke ( hold up page ) can you explain this ? BEN explain what ? brooke Old Hill . all the number you have falsify . BEN ( beat ) you do not know what you be say . goldenrod - 4.17.11 58. brooke nod , head to the door . Ben put he arm on she shoulder to stop she . brooke get out of my way . BEN brooke ... brooke you be hurt my arm . BEN can not you just leave it alone ? she stare at he . he drop he arm . she exit and turn . brooke you be fire , Ben . BEN you can not fire I . brooke I just do . BEN who do you think ask I to make that change ? she stare , then approach he . brooke 83 you tell I . 83 int . police conference room - day bryer and Mills sit with Flores as he stare at a sheet . mill he be do a little deal a while back , but it look like he stop . flore any family ? bryer Nah , they be all dead . flore ( reading ) so he 's a good student , magnet school , whatever . ( more ) goldenrod - 4.17.11 59 . flore ( cont 'd ) then he mom die and he get pop for gun possession . even so , how come he get probation ? bryer well , he have a excellent lawyer . flore ( reading closer ) how the fuck do this kid afford felder and chausse ...? Mills drop another folder on the table . bryer we pull he parent ' tax return . guess where he father work for twenty year ? flore ( reading ) Miller Capital ? ( reading ) he be the fuck driver ?! ( laugh ) wow , this guy 's good ... he put down the sheet and lean back . flore ( cont 'd ) where be you at with the kid ? mill so far he will not budge . flore well he 's a convict felon . go get a warrant , put he in front of a grand jury . let 's see how long he hold out when he realize he 's look at ten year off the prior . int . fremaut - vogler' office hallway - later Robert storm the hallway , pass a wait secretary . secretary I be sorry , Mr. Miller , as I explain from downstairs , he 's on a call right now , and he say ... he brushes past she . goldenrod - 4.17.11 60 . secretary ( cont 'd ) Mr. Miller ! int . vogler' office - continuous Robert enter , lock the door behind he . Chris bolt up . CHRIS what the fuck ...? ROBERT tell I what be go on . Robert come closer . Chris be freaking out . CHRIS I can not . ROBERT tell I what 's go on ! CHRIS I can not ! Robert grab Chris by the collar . ROBERT why not ?! CHRIS it 's not I ! ROBERT what do you mean it 's not ...? CHRIS the audit passed ! ROBERT ( slacken he grip ) the audit pass ? what do you mean the audit pass ? CHRIS it pass ! it pass a week ago ! like I say . everything 's fine ! we confirm the money , it 's all straight and do . ROBERT ( beyond confuse ) then ... why do you tell I that it do not ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 61 . CHRIS because they ask I to hold it . ROBERT they ? who 's they ? ( thrashes he again ) who be they ?! CHRIS mayfield . ROBERT ( to himself ) mayfield ? Robert think ... and start laughing . Chris look at he strangely as he walk out . CHRIS what ? ROBERT they be negotiate . he want a better price . ext . fremaut - day Robert exit the building with what look to be , for the first time in the film , a real smile . he walk towards he limo , dial he cell . ROBERT ( into phone ) sherry netherland ...? yes , James mayfield , please ... ( as he enter he car ) Mr. mayfield ... I think it 's time we have a talk . int . courthouse hall - afternoon bryer walk with deferlito ( 48 ) , who rifle through a folder . deferlito ... cause it 's not gonna hold . bryer the warrant do not need to hold . it just need to scare he into give up Miller . goldenrod - 4.17.11 62. deferlito what be it , Mike , you be stall - out mid-career so you be reach for a high - note ? who give a fuck ? bryer this be about judge rittenband , be not it ? it 's cause he 's run again ? deferlito you wanna cost the judge he seat on a profiling claim ? against Earl Monroe ? bryer ( switching tack ) I be get a piece of new evidence that will seal it a hundred percent . deferlito good , then come back when you get it . bryer I will have it before you go in the jury room ... look , Ray . we like this kid . I do not wanna lose he . think about it : if we flip he , you get Robert Miller . what 's that worth to rittenband , and to you for that matter ...? ( hard ) twenty year , Ray . twenty fuck year , we watch this guy - they out - lawyer we , they out - buy we . I be fuck sick of it . where 's the consequence ? the guy do it . he do not get to walk just cause he 's on cnbc . deferlito stop , stare , then sign the arrest warrant . deferlito you better not fuck I . he walk off . bryer hold a beat , then pull out he cell . bryer ( into phone ) yeah ... I need a serious fuckin ' favor ... goldenrod - 4.17.11 63. int . robert office corridor - later Robert enter , move much slower . as he approach Cindy , he see a worried look on she face . cindy brooke 's wait for you ... ROBERT do we have a meeting ? cindy no , but she look upset . int . robert office - continuous Robert enter . brooke 's at the window in a chair . it 's clear that she have be cry . ROBERT ( approaching her ) sweetie , you okay ? what 's wrong ? brooke hold out she hand . she have two copy of the " Old Hill Fund " balance sheet . Robert stand there a moment , stare at she . ext . 5 th avenue - afternoon we see brooke and Robert from overhead like little dot as they cross 5th Avenue towards Central Park . ext . central park - continuous they walk solemnly towards a park bench in front of a lake . Robert sit , motion to brooke . ROBERT you wanna sit ? brooke I will stand . ( as he sit ) do not you think I would find out ? ROBERT I do . brooke then why do not you tell I ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 64 . ROBERT because I hope you would not . brooke oh , come on . you tell I the truth now -- or I be do . ROBERT I make a bad bet . brooke no , you commit fraud . ROBERT that 's a dangerous word , brooke . brooke what would you prefer ? that you cheat ? that you steal money from people who trust you ? that you lie ? that you lie right to my face ? why ? ROBERT because we be go break ! everything be finish . we would have nothing . brooke how . how do that happen ? ROBERT you remember alexanderov ? well he come to see I one day last year . he say " Robert , we have get a great opportunity - there 's a copper mine , it 's in Russia , it 's under - exploit - there 's billion under the ground , and to get it out , all we need be a couple hundred million , you put in a hundred , we will put in a hundred - we will triple it all in six month . " so , I go check it out . and the geological survey 's right , friendly government . and to lock it in , you hedge it , right ? sell the copper ahead on the commodity exchange and it all work , it 's fine , and you be make a fortune . ( beat , then real fast ) ( more ) goldenrod - 4.17.11 65 . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) but then there 's something I have not account for -- variation margin- - and that friendly Russian government all of a sudden not so friendly anymore and they be block the export of the copper so I gotta make it up , I gotta put the cash in to cover the hedge . but I be not worried about it because it 's still spring money , there 's so much money come out of the ground you can not believe . you can not stop it . and , yes , I be the oracle , I have do housing , I have arb would credit swap , I have do it all , and yes , again , I know it 's outside the charter , but it be fucking minting money ! it be a license to print money ! for everybody ! forever ! it be GOD !... brooke until ... ROBERT until it 's not ... the money 's trap . you can not get it out . probably never will . ( beat ) it 's like a plane crash . it just happen . brooke well it do not just happen . ROBERT not just happen , honey you be so naive sometimes . it happens . and like every father I pray that it do not happen to you , which , thanks to I , it probably will not happen to you ... brooke thanks to you , we may all be arrest . ROBERT nobody 's get arrest . that 's why I borrow the money from Jeffrey . plug the hole , I put it there for a month , they see the book be fine , I transfer the company , I pay back Jeffrey - - with interest !-- make all of we investor whole , and what 's leave we keep . at least we get to keep the house . goldenrod - 4.17.11 66 . brooke everybody win ? ROBERT yes . brooke if the company sell . if I lie for you . ROBERT you do not have to lie . you do not know about it . brooke ( incredulous ) I be the Chief investment Officer of this company . what do you think they will say at the deposition ? " she do not know ? " they will take away my brokerage license - failure to supervise you -- my name in every paper and blog while I visit you ass in jail ! ROBERT what do you want I to do ? do you want I to let we investor go bankrupt ? be that what you want ? for people to get really hurt ? brooke what ... give you the audacity to think you can make that decision ? ROBERT ( stand ) because it 's my job ! brooke no , it 's illegal . it 's illegal . and I be you partner . ROBERT you be not my partner ! you work for I ! ( off she bewilder stare ) that 's right . you work for I ! ( sit ) everybody work for I ! they pass a moment in silence . he look at she destroy expression . goldenrod - 4.17.11 67 . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) brooke . brooke . come here . please ? please . just , just come here . just for a second and sit down . she sit . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ( deep sigh ) there 's something I wanna tell you . and whatever you decide I will not blame you ... ( she turn to look at he ) I be on my own path . it 's up to you to move with it or against it . but I be the patriarch ; that 's my role . and I have to play it . brooke ( stare a while , then ) for a moment I think you be gonna say you be sorry . she walk off . hold on Robert alone in the park . ROBERT ( sotto ) I be sorry . ext . jimmy apartment - dusk Jimmy approach the building . bryer exit he sedan and walk over to he . jimmy ( seeing bryer ) oh , man , what ? bryer Jimmy , take a ride with I . jimmy where ? back to the station ? bryer no man , just get in the car . jimmy what if I say no ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 68. bryer I be not threaten you . I be just ask you -- take a ride with I . Jimmy consider , get into bryer 's car . int . sedan - drive they drive a while in silence . jimmy alright , man , what ? bryer look , it 's pretty fuckin ' simple . I know you go to pick he up . jimmy this be what you wanna talk about ? I tell you I be not makin ' no more statement . bryer and I know why . jimmy somebody care ? bryer take a look at this . ( hand he a case folder ) I have get he phone call , I get he text message . I have get the relationship with the girl . and they be fuck , by the way . ( beat ) and then I have get you . I have get the time log from the pay phone . I have a get a fuck tollbooth photograph of you drive you car through the triborough . Jimmy thumb through the folder . there 's no tollbooth photo . jimmy where you get that ...? that 's bullshit , cause I do not do it . that 's impossible . bryer really ? Jimmy 's silent . goldenrod - 4.17.11 69 . bryer ( cont 'd ) you lie to I . you lie to the police . you obstruct justice . jimmy talk to Earl , detective . bryer fuck Earl ! you see this ? ( hold up the grand jury docket ) this mean that tomorrow , grand jury hear you case in court . and tomorrow in court I be gonna ask for a felony obstruction indictment , and with with you prior , you be go to prison for fifteen fuck year ... you might get out in ten . you will be what then ? thirty - three , with no job , no girl , no life . bryer pull the car over . bryer ( cont 'd ) look : I know you think Miller 's you friend . jimmy who 's Miller ? bryer I know about you father . jimmy ( beat , then hard ) you do not know a goddamn thing about my father . bryer I know Miller pay he bill while he be die . I know he get syd felder to get you out of trouble on you gun charge . that do not add up to this . jimmy you do ? bryer okay , he 's drive , he crash - he run away - who do he call ? call you . why do you think that be ? ( short beat ) ( more ) goldenrod - 4.17.11 70 . bryer ( cont 'd ) ` Cause you be disposable - you be the one person he could call that just do not fuckin ' matter . you be a- you be a throwaway . you be just another part of he transaction . jimmy ( try to open the lock door ) will you open the door ? bryer so what , what ? you be he new nigger now ? Jimmy grab at the door violently . it 's lock . jimmy open -- OPEN the fucking door ! bryer you do not kill that girl . he do . jimmy ( contain he rage ) will you -- open -- the door ? bryer he 's use you . I know it - you know it . do the right thing . now get outta my fuckin ' car . bryer unlock the door . Jimmy exit and walk up the block . int . robert office - later that night it 's nearly empty . Ramon , the limo driver , play solitaire at a computer . Robert sit with syd in the next room . syd he 's gonna walk . ROBERT you be certain ? syd court be not for certainty , but he say he be at home , why should not he be ? a phone call do not make he a liar . ( off Robert 's nod ) but what 's baffling to I , though , despite you sentimental history together , be why you would put you family 's future in this kid 's hand . goldenrod - 4.17.11 71 . ROBERT ( beat ) he 's not like we . syd be that a good thing ? ROBERT ( laugh , play with he scotch glass ) I do not know . Robert stand and collect paper into he briefcase . syd how 's ellen ? ROBERT she 's good . Fine . ( stop pack , look up ) why ? syd I hear something ... ROBERT yes ...? syd she meet with gil deuchman . ROBERT the estate lawyer ? syd yeah . have she mention anything ? ROBERT not to I . they sit in silence . int . criminal court - felony indictment - the next day we see Jimmy in the witness box before 23 grand juror . the prosecutor , deferlito , ask question . Earl Monroe sit next to Jimmy . deferlito that be the early morning of April 11th . jimmy yes . goldenrod - 4.17.11 72. deferlito you receive a phone call ? jimmy yes . deferlito who call you ? Jimmy stare at deferlito . jimmy it be a wrong number . deferlito that 's a lie , be not it , Mr. grant ? jimmy no . deferlito you stay on the phone one - and -a - half minute ... Mr. grant , be not it the case that you know exactly who call you and exactly why ? why be you lie to this court ? jimmy I be not lie . deferlito turn and walk back to the prosecutor 's table . he pick up a photograph and hand it to a clerk . deferlito I be go to introduce into evidence people 's A. this be a toll booth photograph take in the northbound ninth lane of the triborough bridge . Mr. grant , direct you attention to the photograph , would you please read the date and time stamp indicate on the lower right hand corner ? Jimmy stare at the photograph in disbelief . jimmy this be crazy . earl ( whisper in Jimmy 's ear ) you be gonna have to answer that . deferlito Mr. grant , please answer the question . goldenrod - 4.17.11 73. jimmy April 11th , two thirty - three be . deferlito Mr. grant , direct you attention to the same photograph , would you please read the license plate number of the vehicle pass through the toll ? jimmy D D G five five four two . deferlito ( hand in another sheet ) this be people 's B , a printout from the Department of motor vehicle plate registry ... Mr. grant , direct you attention to that printout , be that number on the toll photograph the same one that be on you own license plate ? Jimmy 's still stare at the picture . Earl watch , concerned . deferlito ( cont 'd ) Mr. grant ? jimmy yes . deferlito yes , the number be the same ? jimmy yes . deferlito how do you explain that ? jimmy I can not . deferlito but that be you car in this photograph , be not it ? jimmy no . deferlito no , that be not you car ? ( off he silence ) answer the question , Mr. grant . goldenrod - 4.17.11 74 . jimmy this be not my car in this picture . I do not know how you all do that , but this be not my car . deferlito you expect this grand jury to believe that that be not you car when there be a printout from the department of motor vehicle ... earl that 's ask and answer , Mr. deferlito . deferlito Mr. Monroe , you be aware that you be not permit to go on record . int . grand jury court hall - later Jimmy burst out of the courtroom door trail by Earl . earl Jimmy . Jimmy -- what be that ? jimmy they be lie ! earl okay , now here 's what ... before Earl can finish respond , bryer exit and walk over to they . bryer I can halt the decision . earl we need a minute , detective . bryer what about you , Jimmy ? you need a minute ? Jimmy do not answer . bryer sit down next to they . bryer ( cont 'd ) Cause if you do we could ... jimmy you can get the fuck outta my face . how `bout that ?. goldenrod - 4.17.11 75 . bryer so you wanna keep play game ? or you ready to tell I something ? earl detective , I need to talk to my client . now if you would just please ... jimmy how you - how you all just gonna lie like that ? huh ? how you all just gonna lie ?! bryer we do not lie . you lie . jimmy that be not my car . earl ... Jimmy , do not say anything else . bryer sure it be not . and it be a telemarketer call you from the pay phone ? he stop at the Chevron to make a late night sale ? jimmy that picture be some bullshit ... earl ... Jimmy , stop ! detective , what 's go on ? bryer well , tell he . go ahead , Jimmy . tell he . see how the boss will like this one . Earl stare at Jimmy , wait . the bell ring . bryer ( cont 'd ) last chance . Jimmy 's silent . bryer shake he head and walk off . earl ( rise , to Jimmy ) wait here . bryer and Earl enter the courtroom . close on : goldenrod - 4.17.11 76 . Jimmy , as he stare out the 11th floor window towards Brooklyn . in the distance , the woolworth building . int . frank campbell funeral home - day about thirty people in a room too big for they . at the front be tasteful flower bouquet surround Julie 's casket . Robert enter and spot some of the people from the art open , include Julie 's gallery assistant . she look at he quietly , then quickly look away . there be no organize service ; people be just walk up to the casket and say prayer . Robert take he place and hold a moment at the casket . the gallery assistant come up behind he . assistant Mr. Miller . I would like to introduce you to Julie 's mom , sandrine . a beautiful woman in she 50' , sandrine , sit cry . Robert approach as she stand . ROBERT I be so , so sorry . sandrine ( nod , then ) I just want to thank you for what you do for my daughter . ROBERT ( shaking he head softly ) no ... sandrine you believe in she , and you give she a chance . she be happy . I know she be happy . ROBERT it 's just ... ( emotional ) not fair , be it ? sandrine start to tear . Robert move in and hug she , hard . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) this should not have happen . hold on sandrine 's face , in pain . goldenrod - 4.17.11 77 . int . robert mansion - gym - morning Close on brooke 's leg , run on a treadmill . ellen exercise on a stairmaster next to she . we hear the sound of ellen 's small talk begin to fade in . ellen ... she 's rail thin . she 's a blond . I would not have know who she be if she have not come up and introduce herself to I . she look totally different ... and ... ( notice brooke increase the machine 's resistance ) you be go straight to level six do not you think you better pace yourself a little bit ? brooke ( fake a smile ) I be good . I wanna run . ellen everything okay with you and Tom ? brooke we be fine . ellen be you worried about the deal close ? brooke ( stride faster ) no . ellen you want I to guess ? ( no response ) brookie , come on , do not be silly , tell I what 's ... brooke stab " stop " on the machine , quickly cool down . brooke ( head to pick up she belonging ) you know , I can not stay for breakfast I have to just ... I have to get in to work , I do not know what I be think . ellen ( a beat ) do you uh , finish the deal with the hospital ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 78. brooke no . ellen do he write the check ? brooke no . ellen stop she machine . ellen why not ? brooke issue related to the close . ellen we do not lie to each other , brooke . brooke I be not lie to you . it 's complicated ; you would not understand . ellen cross closer to brooke block she exit . ellen ( a beat ) uh , I know that a policeman show up at the office ? do you know what that 's about ? brooke I honestly have no idea . ellen what about you father 's head - where he cut he head and the pain that he 's hide in he stomach and , now ( start to tear ) for some reason that 's way to complicated for I to understand , there 's no money for a routine gift ? do that seem a little strange to you ? brooke of course it 's strange . ellen so tell I what 's happen . goldenrod - 4.17.11 79 . brooke ( a beat ) what do you want I to say ? he 's my dad . I have to trust he . ellen no . you have to do what 's right for you . not he , not I , not anyone . this be you life . ellen grab brooke and hug she hard . brooke hug back , kissing she mother on the cheek , tear . brooke ( whisper ) I love you . ( heading out ) I gotta go . hold on ellen alone as brooke exit . ellen ( sotto ) fuck . int . sherry netherland HOTEL - restaurant - day jame mayfield ( 5as ) wait alone at a table . Robert enter . they shake hand , then sit . ROBERT you keep send people to my office to " do business . " mayfield they be just get acquainted . ROBERT with the intricacy of my operation so that you can ... not buy it ? ( to a waitress as he sit ) just coffee , please . mayfield you remember what it be like on we side of the fence . everything just move ... a little slower . plus this whole audit mess do not help . you know , clear that all up ... ROBERT fuck you . goldenrod - 4.17.11 80 . mayfield Excuse I ...? ROBERT fuck - you . I be the Oracle of Gracie Square . you come to I . I do not come to you . mayfield Robert , I think we be get off on the wrong foot ... ROBERT no , no , no . forget it , forget it ... forget the deal . I do not even care about the deal . no , I run a comfortable -- excuse I -- I run a thrive business , that have return year - to-date 15.4 % percent to we investor , or approximately $ 583 million dollar from a trading operation that you do not have and that we both know that you need , or else you never would have call I in the first place . you on the other hand , you have take a salary of ( sotto from the waitress pour he coffee ) 18 million ? ( return to volume ) and what have you deliver ? a fall stock price of negative 14 dollar ? be that what it be ? you have also lose approximately ... three and a half billion for you investor - tell I -- why - the fuck - do I - need you ? mayfield let 's just calm down ... ROBERT ... so we issue a press release today , say there be no deal , never be a deal . you be not gonna be buy Old Hill , you be not gonna be buy quantum - you be not gonna be buy anything ; you ? you be just a browser . now , I ? I will continue to enjoy my earning , and while I soar on princely wing , to my next win enterprise , you stock drop another couple buck on yet another - fail - acquisition - attempt . bode well for you tenure , do not it ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 81. mayfield you price be too high . Robert stand . ROBERT you have a nice day , James . mayfield ( quickly ) four hundred . ROBERT five-fifty . mayfield four-fifty . ROBERT five twenty - five . that 's it . yes or no ? ( short beat ) and if it 's no , send any further communication right to my trash can . mayfield ( extend he hand ) it 's a deal . ROBERT ( grasping it ) one other thing -- six month and I be gonna be go . I be outta here . my daughter 's gonna take it over . you know she , you trust she . mayfield alright . ROBERT and you be gonna have to make my son a vp . mayfield ( laugh ) Robert ... ROBERT no , no . he do not have to do anything , he just get the salary , he get the office . both of `em on five - year employment contract , and my lawyer draft they . yes or no ? mayfield yes . goldenrod - 4.17.11 82. Robert pull out a pen and jot down the deal point they have just outline onto the paper menu . mayfield ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? ROBERT I be write the deal . mayfield be you serious ? ROBERT ( rip off the tablecloth ) I be serious . I be very serious . sign it . mayfield think a moment , then reach over and sign the menu . Robert do the same and then fold it into he pocket . mayfield I will send over a draft of the press release . as Robert stand to go , he clutches he bruise rib . mayfield ( cont 'd ) be you all right ? ROBERT I be fine ... before I go -- how much would you have pay ...? mayfield six hundred . and you would have take ...? ROBERT four seventy - five . mayfield so we make a good deal . ROBERT ( as he head away ) yeah . Robert turn back to the table . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) actually , I lie . I would have take four . mayfield shrug and return to he paper . Robert walk out of the restaurant , beam . goldenrod - 4.17.11 83. int . miller capital - conference room - later Peter , gavin , and many of the various staff we have meet be gather around a long conference table . Robert stand at the front of the room . ROBERT ... anyway I will be see most of you at the gala tomorrow night . but as the sale 's official as of this afternoon , you be now free to talk about it . any question ? peter ( jovial ) will we get new business card ? ROBERT ( nods ) yes , everyone but you . ( heading out ) alright , it 's a great day . you hard work make it happen they all clap as gavin and Robert exit the room . gavin ( sotto ) so how would you make mayfield come around ? ROBERT I meet he price . I just take it out of you share . gavin Robert ? ROBERT yeah . gavin good work . ROBERT well , thank you . now go get I that fuck hospital check . gavin walk off . Robert 's cell ring . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yeah . syd ( o.s. ) it 's not good ... goldenrod - 4.17.11 84. ext . jimmy apartment - dusk Robert head through a dark service entrance towards a buzzer , then down a long hallway . ROBERT ( pre - lap ) hello . int . jimmy apartment reina , Jimmy 's girlfriend ( 24 , Hispanic ) stand at the door with Robert and Jimmy . she turn and head to the bedroom . Jimmy head to the kitchen . jimmy you want something to drink ? ROBERT what you get ? jimmy not much . ROBERT you get any milk ? jimmy no . ROBERT I will take a water . Jimmy start run the tap . Robert notice the move box . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? jimmy what ? ROBERT the box . jimmy I be plan on Virginia , but it look like I be not go anymore . Jimmy return with the water . Robert take a drink . jimmy ( cont 'd ) you wait for I to say something ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 85 . ROBERT I tell you not to take the toll . jimmy yes , you do . ROBERT I say " listen to what I have to tell you and follow my direction , listen to I closely , do the follow just like I say . " jimmy yes . you say all that . ROBERT but you take the toll anyway . jimmy no , I do not . ROBERT come on , Jimmy , do not fuck lie to I ... jimmy I be not lie ! I take ninety - five all the goddamn way there . I do what you say : I do not stop . I do not take the triborough . I follow all you fuck instruction . ROBERT so where would they get the photograph from ? jimmy you tell I . ROBERT so , you be say ... it 's a fake ? jimmy how would you get so fuckin ' rich again ? ROBERT do not be such a wiseass ... jimmy hey , this be my fuckin ' life , man ! Earl 's tell I it could be ten year ? ten fuck year ! how much be ten year worth , Robert ? ( off he silence ) goldenrod - 4.17.11 86. jimmy ( cont 'd ) look man , I tell you , I be not no fuckin snitch , but this be bad . this be real bad . reina and I get a whole plan we be about to make happen next week ! ROBERT ( as Jimmy sit ) what plan ? jimmy I get money save up ; I be buy a business . ROBERT what business ? jimmy I buy a applebee 's . ROBERT what 's a applebee 's ? jimmy it 's a fuck restaurant , man , it 's a chain restaurant . ROBERT you buy a applebee 's in Virginia ? jimmy be this really what you come here to talk about ? what be you gonna do ? ROBERT ( sit ) it 's not really that simple , Jimmy . I be in a situation now . jimmy what situation ? ROBERT I tell you ... right now , if I be to speak , a lot of people would get hurt . Jobs , family . a lot of innocent people . do you think you can understand that ? jimmy yeah but what about I ? what about my situation ? ( off he silence ) they show I picture , man ; that 's fuck up what you do . goldenrod - 4.17.11 87. ROBERT ( sotto ) it be a accident . jimmy and yeah , I know , all the people count on you , whatever , but -- you tell I Earl be gonna make this right . now you know I care about you , all the thing you do for we , and for my father , but Earl say they be offer I a deal , no charge at all . I walk away . they just want to know who I go to pick up . ( beat ) why be you put I in this position , man ? why be you put I in this situation ? ROBERT ( leans forward ) can you just hang tight ? just a little longer ? jimmy alright , man , but Earl say the deal 's on the table for twenty - four hour . after that , they be filing the case , and Earl say we be gonna lose . ROBERT ( nod , stand ) alright I hear you . I will be back with you as soon as I can . just hang with I a little bit . Jimmy nod . Robert walk out . reina cross back into the live room as he approach the door and exit . reina you gotta give he up . jimmy you say take the money . reina that be to keep quiet , not to go away . ( beat ) what 's he offer you now ? jimmy what can he offer I ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 88. reina cross to Jimmy and hug he as he start to cry , then wipe away he tear . int . robert limo - night the limo drive down fifth Avenue . Robert 's on the phone . syd ( o.s. ) we go to the toll authority . they say they give the tape to the cop . I have request we investigator go examine it at the evidence room , but honestly what 's the point ? ROBERT he say he do not take the toll . syd ( o.s. ) and you believe he ? ROBERT ( after a beat ) do Standard have clawback ? syd ( o.s. ) what ? what do you mean ? ROBERT let 's just say I decide to go in ... syd ( o.s. ) have you lose you mind ? ROBERT no , just listen , listen to I . if I be to surrender , now , could they roll back the deal ? syd ( o.s. ) ( after a beat ) no , what 's do be do . there 's no intent to defraud . you have not warrant any behavior . so it 's just money . ROBERT four year , you think ? syd ( o.s. ) at this point - I dunno , they be not gonna make it easy .... I really suggest you think about this . goldenrod - 4.17.11 89 . ROBERT ( beat ) call the da , get it start . Robert hang up . he stare out the window at Central Park . int . robert mansion - night he enter the foyer and ascend the step to he bedroom . int . robert bedroom - continuous no ellen . he look at he watch : " 8:34 pm . " he move over towards the bed and dial the tableside phone . ROBERT ( into phone ) yeah , Glen . do Mrs. Miller say where she be go tonight ...? aha ... no , I be sure ... I will try she cell . he click off and dial another number , hear ellen 's voice mail come on the line , and hang up . he exhales and lie down on the bed in he clothes , stare at the ceiling . he lie motionless a moment . and then he sit up , think , and shake he head . he quickly pick up the phone , stabbing at the key . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) syd ...? yeah - do you make that call to the da yet ...? thank God . no , no , no . no. listen to I , call Earl , tell he to get he car , tell he to meet we at my house in twenty minute ... and , syd ...? bring a notary . ext . triborough bridge - night a steady stream of car pass through the toll . we follow a blue lexus as it approach the far right lane . int . lexus - same Earl Monroe pay the toll clerk through the window , get a receipt . then he pull he car to the side of the road , parking at a build label " Port Authority - administration . " goldenrod - 4.17.11 90 . he open a laptop on the passenger seat , type number from the toll receipt into a little box on the screen . a portable printer spit out page . Earl stamp they with a notary . int . toll authority - night Earl wait at the front desk of the drab government office . brent , a bald man in he 30' , approach . brent hi I be Brent owen , the night supervisor . how can I help you ? earl ( hand he some papers ) hello , Brent . I be Earl Monroe . I be execute a criminal evidence request . I need to get a look at one of you lane tape . Brent look over the papers , confuse . brent I do not understand . this say you want to look at a tape make ten minute ago ...? int . robert limo - continuous Robert and syd stare ahead , silently . syd try to say something . ROBERT ( hold up he hand ) wait . wait . just wait . 121 syd slump back . they keep stare at nothing . 121 a rapping noise on the window startles syd , who roll it down , see Earl , and open the door . Earl climb inside , remove a folio from he breast pocket as he talk . earl okay , they will not release tape without a court order , but they do give I a print out , the same kind they use at Jimmy 's indictment . Earl reach inside the folio and remove the photograph he get from the toll authority . he lay it on the counter . it 's from a toll camera , show he car and license plate . goldenrod - 4.17.11 91 . ROBERT ( to earl ) the Lexus - that 's you car , you plate ? Earl nod . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ( to syd ) you get Jimmy 's ? syd lay the photograph we see earlier of Jimmy 's car go through the toll onto the counter next to the one Earl have just place there . Robert pick up a high - end magnifying glass and lean over to look at the two photo . close - up : he scan the photograph of Earl 's car , move slowly through it left-to-right . then he scan the photograph of Jimmy 's car , pass leave - to - right until -- he pass back by the license plate area and stop -- the line around the license plate of Jimmy 's car be all slightly - pixelate . he switch back to the plate on Earl 's car . the line be fine . back to Jimmy 's . pixelate . Robert put down the magnifier , straighten , and smile . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) Son of a bitch . Earl 's dark laugh cackle across the soundtrack as we CUT to : int . judge's chamber - the next day Earl sit across from da deferlito and bryer . judge rittenband review both toll photo with a magnifying glass . rittenband well they look a little different to I , too ... be there a reason you have not allow Mr. Monroe 's investigator to conduct he own analysis ? goldenrod - 4.17.11 92 . deferlito we have have some issue regard chain -of-custody ... rittenband ... you do not have they anymore . you be to meet he with the evidence in the next hour . deferlito I be afraid that 's not possible . a beat . rittenband where 's the tape ? ( another beat ) be I not speak loud enough ? bryer you honor ... rittenband yes ? deferlito it seem there 's be ... rittenband ... let he tell I . bryer we do not know where it be . rittenband come again ? bryer it 's not in the evidence locker . rittenband where be it ? bryer we do not know . silence . rittenband lean forward . rittenband I will ask you one last time , detective . where be the tape ? bryer ( after a beat ) we lose it . goldenrod - 4.17.11 93. rittenband hmmm ... in light of this development , and I would think you should be very happy to hear this , with Mr. Monroe 's approval I be go to offer Mr. deferlito the opportunity to voluntarily dismiss the indictment to save we all a bunch of embarrassment . deferlito I do not feel comfortable with that , you honor . rittenband further I be go to put all charge against Mr. grant under seal . ( bryer start head to the door ) this case be dismiss with prejudice and it be not to be refile . hold on , detective . ( bryer stop . ) if you have another suspect in the automobile death then you be to present he , but Mr. grant be free from any further inquiry in this matter . this be over . do I have you understanding ? earl thank you . deferlito get up angrily , huff past bryer . rittenband Close the door , detective , please ... bryer close it . the judge hold up the toll photo . rittenband ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) you finess this , do not you ...? bryer I be sorry ? rittenband ... you finess it . I know it , and you know it . no response . goldenrod - 4.17.11 94 . rittenband ( cont 'd ) I know who you be after . I see all the evidence , not just the toll photo . you gotta get he the right way . bryer oh , okay . ( approach the judge ) so let I get this straight : what you be tell I be I be suppose to sit around with my thumb up my ass and my finger cross hope that one of this fuck day , somewhere down the line , one of this rich asshole be gonna say the wrong thing loud enough so that we can not choose to ignore it anymore ? rittenband ( beat ) get the fuck outta of my office . bryer yes , you honor . int . courthouse hall - moment later Mills wait on a nearby bench , watch as bryer exit the chamber dial he phone . deferlito walk up to bryer , and grab he . bryer break free , aggressively , phone to he ear . Mills approach . bryer wave he away . bryer ( on the phone ) well when do you expect she ...? when do you expect she ? okay , well so I do not have to call a ninth time , will you take down what I be sayin ' , word for word ...? okay , you get a pencil ? you ready ? okay , here go : " Mrs. Miller - exactly how fuckin ' stupid do you really think I be ? " ext . outdoor coffee shop - afternoon Robert and Jimmy sit . Jimmy look at the trust document . ROBERT you do not hurt anybody . you help a lot of people . goldenrod - 4.17.11 95 . jimmy and this piece of paper make everything okay ? ROBERT no , it make it easier . jimmy ( beat ) you worried I be gonna say something ? ROBERT no . Jimmy keep stare at the document . jimmy Robert , look : you ask I to come meet you and I be here , but I come because I want to get something straight between we : we be even . ROBERT okay , we be even . but just for the record though , what you do ... ( pick up the trust document ) be way beyond the money . jimmy ( laugh ) nothing 's beyond money for you . ROBERT ( laugh back ) thanks a lot . jimmy ( point to the document ) and if I take this , then what do that say about I ? he think a moment , then fold the document and put it in he pocket . jimmy ( cont 'd ) fuck it . I be gonna take you money and do something good with it . hold on Jimmy . int . robert bedroom - night ellen be dress in a full ball gown . she sit at on the sofa finish a drink . goldenrod - 4.17.11 96 . Robert enter and begin change into a tuxedo . ROBERT hey , sweetie . what time you wanna get there ...? I do not wanna get there too soon ... she do not say anything . he wait a moment , then ... ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ( tie he tie ) you okay ? what be it ? ellen you speak to brooke ? he slow ... something 's brewing . ROBERT do she tell you that ? ellen no . she do not have to . ROBERT yeah , I explain to brooke that ... ellen ... you explain , do you ? ( a beat ) do you tell she everything ? ROBERT yes . ellen everything ? ( off he silence ) lift up you shirt . ROBERT what ? ellen lift up -- you shirt . he do not move . she stand and head towards he . then she hit he with a a newspaper , right at he break rib . he wince a little , then look down at the floor . it 's the Post article chronicle Julie 's death . goldenrod - 4.17.11 97 . ellen ( cont 'd ) do you tell she about that ? ROBERT ( long beat ) ellen I do not know what you think you know ... ellen oh , do not treat I like a idiot . you have be sneaking off to see she for month . you do not think I know that ? ROBERT what do you think you know ? ellen I never care , really , about you secretary , you - gallerist , whore , whatever you wanna call they . I care about we home . and now you have bring this to we door . ROBERT I do what be necessary . ellen no you do what be necessary for you , Robert , for you interest . ROBERT for my interest ? ellen yes . ROBERT everything I do be for we , for this family , and now you be gonna tell I how to run my business . ellen this be not about you business , this be we life ! where do you think we be go tonight ? why do you think I have even tolerate this for so long ? ROBERT ( he 's have enough ) what you have tolerate ? wow ! ellen I be glad you find that funny . goldenrod - 4.17.11 98 . ROBERT what about I ? what about the complaint ? the unhappiness ? the drink ? the shopping ? the trainer ? everything ! but yes , the charity , the wonderful saint charity , you know , all the wonderful work that you do . how do you think I have pay for they ? ellen I do not ask you because I do not want you to lie . ROBERT ( walk off ) it 's cause you do not want to give `em up ! ellen but I think that we have a understanding . and you break that understanding when you bring brooke into it . ROBERT no , I keep she out . ellen when you make brooke complicit -- when you risk she future -- and I be do . she open a folder revealing some legal document , slide they toward he . ROBERT what be this ? ellen read it . he cross to the bed and put on he glass . we see the title : " separation agreement " and hold on he read for a few brief second until ... ROBERT " all ownership and voting rights transfer to the Miller charitable Foundation , to be administer by brooke Miller ? " do you really expect I to sign this thing ? ellen you be not follow . goldenrod - 4.17.11 99 . ROBERT apparently not , no . no. ellen ( like talk to a child ) okay , uhm , the police have be try to talk I . I assume they want to know where you be that night . and you know what ? I be not gonna lie for you anymore . not unless you sign that . a beat . ROBERT yeah , this leave I with nothing . ellen I think you will find a way to manage . I be sure you have all kind of thing offshore for a rainy day . ROBERT ( shake head ) this be fuckin ' crazy . ellen ( fast ) no , if you sign , then I will tell you lie . I will say you be at home with I that night , all night , together , here , and you will be free and clear . and the people who need we money will get it . that 's my price . ROBERT you be out of you mind . I be not signing that . I will not sign that ! ellen well then ... I will have to tell they that you come home at four- thirty bruise and bleed ... ROBERT ( laugh ) that 's fuck ridiculous ! what ... ( cross close to she ) be you try to blackmail I ? ellen I think we call it negotiate . goldenrod - 4.17.11 100 . ROBERT you be not gonna win that one . there 's no fuck way . ellen you know what , it will cause just enough trouble - the kind of trouble that you do not want -- in fact , accord to my lawyer ROBERT ( pace ) Fucking lawyer ... ellen it 's enough to give they probable cause and then they can subpoena you cell phone , gps , DNA , ROBERT fuck the DNA ! I be sick of this ! ellen and whatever else they can think of . so really Robert what you have be a choice : you can spend the next three year in court and in the tabloid or -- you can be at you business . ROBERT ( shake head ) you will not do it . you will not do this . you will not do it to the kid . ellen just try I . he stare at she , try to make it work , but he can not . ellen ( cont 'd ) ( finally cry ) you break -- we little girl 's heart . ROBERT it 's how it all work , ellen . you know that . ellen I do , but she do not . ROBERT she will be better for it . the world be cold . goldenrod - 4.17.11 101 . ellen ( turn and head out ) then you be gonna need a warm coat . we hold on Robert 's face . pre - lap Bill Evans ' " my foolish heart . " int . mayfield limo - night the car ride up madison Avenue . mayfield mark up a bunch of memo in a leather - bound folder . a aide we meet earlier , JOHN aime , sit nearby . aime there 's just one more thing ... and I hate to mention it now , but I just receive it ... mayfield speak , John . aime open a folder , hand it to mayfield . aime I have stern marling run a secondary audit on the Miller financial . we catch a glimpse of the top sheet as mayfield read : " stern marling confidential audit - miller capital - we have review the record you submit and have find no way to legitimately substantiate a recent capital transfer of $ 412 million ... " we hold on mayfield 's face as he try hard to conceal the spread realization . mayfield who authorize this ? aime I do . mayfield ( after a beat ) and what do you conclude ? aime it 's in front of you . mayfield ( laugh ) I do not ask you what the paper say , John . I ask you what you think . goldenrod - 4.17.11 102. aime ( after a beat , carefully ) well ... what do you think ? mayfield I think ... I think ... that I do not see anything wrong here . mayfield close the folder and place it with the rest of he papers . aime nod . ext . plaza HOTEL they arrive at the Plaza Hotel and exit the car int . plaza HOTEL - grand ballroom - night we see throng of the wealthy ascend the step lead up to the opulent hall . line the wall be plaque for : " mt. sinai Hospital - Miller oncology Center . " int . grand ballroom - later seat at one of the many round table be Robert , ellen , Peter , gavin , syd , Jeffrey , and a few spouse and attendant . chamber music play while everyone eat dinner . we focus in on Robert as he stare intently out into the room , he eye a mixture of ferocity and resignation . in the distance , we hear a speaker be voice fade in . it 's brooke . brooke ... and to receive this prestigious award , I invite now to the stage the man who lead this generous effort , and whose financial trading firm , Miller Capital , have just this morning be acquire by Standard Bank and trust , a dedicated businessman , family man , scholar , philanthropist and all - around humanitarian , a man I be lucky to call -- my mentor , my friend -- and my father -- Mr. Robert Miller ... Robert stand against deafen applause as he make he way to the stage and , in one continuous shot , give brooke a hug , take the podium , open he note , and begin to talk . fade to black .