arctic blue by Ross lamanna fade in : 1 ext . boreal forest - alaska - ( aerial shot ) - day Flying . not at the intangible height of a jet , but at spitting distance from the treetop . we be in central Alaska , the Big Lonely , just north of the Arctic Circle . a thick forest follow the contour of mountain foothills like a deep - pile carpet . up at treeline the forest thin to tundra , a grassy scruff turn red and yellow with the come of autumn . on the horizon , the hill rise to meet the endicott Mountains , a great fortress wall of granite so sharp and jag that snow can not stick to its face . this be how all North America once look -- raw , indomitable . then , abruptly come into the scene be a colossal etching across the landscape too deliberate to be of natural origin . bisect this country like a metallic ribbon -- or a scar , depend on you point of view -- be the 800 - mile -long tran - alaskan pipeline . even the immensity of the pipeline be render insignificant by the vastness of the land . it go on , and on , and on ... dissolve to : a lone man walk along the haul Road , a one - lane gravel trail run parallel to the pipeline . the weather turn sour -- rough wind and sting snow cut across the man 's path . dissolve to : the man be eric desmond , twenty - four , clean -shaven , determine . he 's clearly out of place here , dress in a business suit and a light , camel-hair topcoat . Eric be try to follow some footprint in the snow -- a predator 's track , that of a wolf or coyote . but the footprint ahead have fade , cover by the snow and wind . dissolve to : the weather become more oppressive . heavy snow , gale wind and sub-zero temperature make he progress tortuous . Eric strive stubbornly forward . ( continued ) 1 continued : dissolve to : Eric have gather some branch . he try to make a fire . moisture from he breath have freeze in the upturn collar of he insufficient coat , and he skin be split raw from the cold . his hand be too numb to hold the match . after several attempt at strike one , he slump down next to the pile of wood , exhaust and frustrated . dissolve to : the snow have cover the pile of branch . Eric still sit next to it , partially cover in snow himself . eric his face be a death mask : eye half - open and dull , lip a purplish blue , bloodless skin crystallize as it ice over . the wind howl around he . the snow stick to he eyelash and hair without melting . end dream 2 int . dark bedroom - night Eric bolt up in bed . next to he , anne marie gauvin sit up and hug he . all that can be see of she in the dark be a lovely silhouette and a cascade of dark hair . after a moment , Eric kiss she . he shake off the dream and lie back down . 3 ext . haul road and pipeline - close - day a metal sign , pepper with shotgun hole , be post near a pipeline support pile : pipeline utility corridor private property no trespassing no hunting no trapping no shoot wider Eric walk quietly past the sign , intent on something ahead of he . although still somewhat boyish in appearance , he 's confident and resolute in attitude . his clothes have a distinctly western feel : lucchese boot , Levis 501' , mahan cotton shirt . his down parka be unzip in the sunny , windless , forty - degree afternoon . ( continued ) 3 continued : he pause , then bring to he shoulder a rifle with a four- power scope mount atop it . he peer through the scope . he Pov - through scope he put the crosshair on the shoulder flank of a big , ivory - white timber wolf , fifty yard away . back to scene Anne Marie stand beside Eric , a Nikon with a telephoto lens in she hand , hold she breath in anticipation . she 's twenty - three , pretty , with soft feature and pierce blue eye . she wear Eddie bauer woman 's gear like she be bear in it . Eric expertly fix he aim and slowly squeeze the trigger . but instead of a loud retort , there be only the dull pop of a co2 - power dart gun . new angle the tranquilizer dart find its mark in the wolf 's fleshy shoulder . the wolf take off run , but almost immediately slow , sit , then lie down . Eric and Anne Marie hurry over to the wolf , who be breathe deeply . Eric kneel next to he and stroke he thick fur . eric what a beauty . ( to Anne Marie ) Hand I the transmitter . Anne Marie pass to Eric a tiny , weatherproof home device attach to a steel collar band . Eric put the collar loosely around the wolf 's neck and crimp it in place , all the while talking soothingly to the semi-conscious animal . Anne Marie smile at Eric 's tenderness and snap some photo . with the collar in place and transmitter activate , Eric back away while the wolf try to rouse itself from its narcosis . eric ( continue ) he 's come around fine . anne marie be right back . I leave my camcorder in the car . ( continued ) 3 continued : ( 2 ) follow anne marie as she hurry back to they International scout . on the door of the scout be a stylize logo of a oil derrick , under which be the word : northland petroleum corp . Anne Marie open the hatchback and grab a video camera . angle on eric and the wolf Eric smile as the wolf wobble tentatively to he foot and trot unsteadily away . near the treeline the wolf turn , glance back at Eric and then disappear into the forest . new angle Anne Marie be taping the wolf 's retreat . look through the viewfinder , she cross a gully between a pipeline pile and a rock formation . Eric turn toward she and a glint of light in the debris at she foot catch he eye . eric Anne Marie ! stop ! she glance down . something metal be half - bury in the dead leave and gravel . eric ( continue ) do not move . Eric run over . he poke at the object with a stick . with a SNAP , a steel leg trap chomp the stick in half . Anne Marie jump back . Eric brushes the dead leave on the ground behind she and she carefully backtrack out of the gully . eric ( continue ) goddamn trapper ! he angrily rip the trap out of the ground , unearthing several other attach to one another by a long chain . eric ( continue ) take nerve , lay trapline on restrict land . Eric slip the scope off the dart rifle and climb up the pipeline on foot peg to the top of a anchore point . ( continued ) 3 continued : ( 3 ) use the scope as a telescope , he scan up and down the haul Road . anne marie what be you do ? eric he still might be around . I see fresh tire track come in . he Pov - through scope the road and the pipeline stretch toward either horizon , north and south . in the distance , a jeep be park on the haul Road . near it , a man climb down into another shallow ravine . back to scene Eric hurry down the footpeg . eric man and a jeep , about a mile and a half down . he jump into the scout . Anne Marie stuff she camera into the hatchback . as soon as she climb in , Eric tear out . 4 int . scout - ( moving shot ) it race along the dusty gravel road at 60 mph . 5 ext . haul road startle at the approach of the scout , the trapper uproot he trap and run out of the ravine . he whistle and another trapper appear nearby . 6 int . trappers ' jeep they pile into they dilapidate , all - terrain jeep . it 's oddly well - equip , however . bolt to the dashboard be a expensive tape player and a beat - up radio beacon receiver with a round locating screen . they zoom off . 7 int . scout - ( moving shot ) Eric stomp on the gas . the dust from the jeep obscure he view but he 's gain on they anyway . Anne Marie hang on and squint she eye against the choke dust . 8 int . trappers ' jeep - ( moving shot ) the driver be lemalle ( 35 ) , a tall , ugly , rawbone canadian . his entire outfit be make of animal hide . he have long red hair , and a reptilian face usually twisted into a sadistic sneer . while drive , he scan along the pipeline . lemalle where the fuck do you drop corbett off ? in the passenger seat , mitchell ( 38 ) , chew tobacco and look grim . he 's a squat , flat - face okie , with curly matte hair and tired grey eye . he 's dress in a brown long coat and have a colt .45 peacemaker in a quick - draw holster strapped to he leg . despite he intimidating air , confrontation be not he style . he spot a figure up ahead , where the road cross a muddy creek . mitchell he 's over there . 9 ext . haul road turn sharply , the trapper ' jeep splashes through the creek bed without slow . bounce , it come down hard against the axle-deep bank at the creek 's high water mark . lemalle try to back out , but can not find traction in the mud . Eric stop the scout thirty yard behind they . 10 int . scout Eric open he door . to Anne Marie : eric stay here . anne marie be careful -- there be two of they . Eric reach in the back seat and hand something to Anne Marie . eric if I unzip my parka , stick this out the window . 11 ext . haul road Eric confidently approach the jeep . ( continued ) 11 continued : then , a third trapper climb from the creek . he 's get a line of trap sling around he neck and a world of experience on he face . he 's BEN corbett , a life - long huntsman , somewhere past forty , weathered beyond he year . he have a feral nose , thick beard and dark , smart , hunter 's eye . he wear a hood cotton sweat shirt , cotton coverall and vapor- barrier mountain boot . on he belt be a holster rig cradling a .44 magnum revolver . Eric slow down . he do not expect to face anyone as formidable as corbett . 12 int . / ext . jeep emboldene by corbett 's presence , lemalle reach into the back seat and grab he 6.5 by 55 swedish military carbine . corbett ( to lemalle ) no shoot . let 's see who 's so interested in we . corbett have a incongruously affable voice . he throw he trap into the jeep , then stride closer toward Eric . mitchell ( to corbett ) ai not worth it , Ben ... 13 ext . haul road - creek crossing - long shot as corbett come closer , Eric realize this might not have be a great idea . corbett squint he eye and sniff the air , as if by this he can gauge he opponent 's mettle . eric you get two count against you -- trapping out of season and poach on restrict land . corbett can not be much of a crime , if all they get mind the area be a cocky kid . eric I get you plate number , asshole . maybe you feel like spend a few month in jail . corbett just smile . ( continued ) 13 continued : but lemalle , rankle , stick the carbine out the jeep window . see the rifle point at he , Eric freeze , then slowly unzip he parka . lemalle Ben ? sure you do not want I to drop the fucker ? corbett do not answer . then , he eye narrow and he look past Eric at the scout . corbett' Pov the passenger in the scout stick what look like another rifle out the window . back to scene Eric quickly glance over he shoulder to make sure Anne Marie 's back he up . eric you leave and do not come back , that 's the end of it . after a long moment , corbett smile again , then turn away from Eric . he motion lemalle to the front of the jeep . frustrate , lemalle slam back the safety on the carbine and throw it in the back seat . angle on trappers Mitchell climb into the jeep and start the engine . lemalle and corbett rock the jeep back and forth in the rut . while push , corbett rip the sole of he boot on a sharp piece of granite . he cuss and push harder . 14 ext . haul road - creek crossing Eric walk back to the scout . he feel the trapper ' eye on he back , but force himself not to hurry . the trapper free they vehicle . corbett get in the driver 's seat , and they take off . 15 int . scout Anne Marie 's hand be shaking as she pull the plastic tranquilizer rifle back in the window . ( continued ) 15 continued : anne marie ( unnerve ) great idea -- point a lousy dart gun at some nut with a high - power hunt rifle . eric bastard take off , though , do not they ? 16 ext . boreal forest - later that day the trapper have leave the flatland of the haul Road area . now they jeep climb a pathway over the roll foothills . 17 int . trappers ' jeep - ( moving shot ) corbett brood while drive . Mitchell look out the window . the silence make lemalle uncomfortable . lemalle all this fuckin ' land , and we be lock out . make I puke . corbett jawing about it will not change it . lemalle Three hundred seventy - five million acre in this state . I be real tired of runnin ' into people . mitchell then do not look to you leave . 18 ext . sportsmen' camp a brand - new land Rover be park on a alluvial fan in a bend in a small river . scatter about be a assortment of expensive camp gear , beer can , spend shell and other garbage . Three toy-macho , vacation sportsmen be guzzle beer and blasting fish in the shallow river with 12 - gauge shotgun . they look up and glower suspiciously as the jeep slow and stop . 19 int . trappers ' jeep lemalle grab he carbine . corbett leave it here . ( continued ) 19 continued : mitchell let 's keep go . we be only a hour from Devil 's cauldron . corbett ( pat Mitchell 's shoulder ) relax . I just want to ask they how the hunt be . 20 ext . sportsmen' camp corbett get out of the jeep . he regards the sportsman , they shotgun and they mess with ill-conceale contempt . the sportsman clutch they weapon and watch corbett . he walk around the camp , spot a rubber - line rucksack stuff with dead ermine . after a long , tense moment , corbett smile . corbett look like you have have some luck . where 's you guide ? sportsman # 1 we be on we own , if it 's any of you damn business . corbett ( be ermine ) you do real good . he crouch next to the dead animal and stroke the fur . lemalle ( to corbett ) no swinging shit . they be over they goddamn limit . corbett ( to sportsman ) my friend be right . suppose to have a license guide when you be on this land , too . sportsman # 1 hey , we pay we fuckin ' permit fee . lemalle amuse himself by pissing in they campfire . no one notice that in the b.g. , quiet sportsman # 3 unzip he parka , expose a .45 peacemaker in a belt holster . ( continued ) 20 continued : sportsman # 2 I be you , I would drive right on outta here again . now . corbett ( calmly ) this be my roam land , ' till the government take it over . only innuit can hunt here now , and tourist , like you . corbett swing the rucksack of carcass onto the hood of the land Rover . piss , sportsman # 1 and # 2 step closer to he . corbett ( continue ) accord to tribal law , hunter pass through the land of another tribe can only take game to survive . they can eat the meat , but have to surrender the hide . lemalle pull a hunt knife and hold up one of the ermine . lemalle want the meat ? sportsman # 1 fuck you , dirtball . corbett chuckle and Mitchell spit . wider lemalle dig through the camp goody in the back of the land Rover , many still in they package . he help himself to some sandwich and a 12 - pack of beer . lemalle I say shoot them , bury them with they shiny new car . mitchell ( to lemalle ) if you be gonna take something , take it and let 's go . corbett look down to fasten the top of the rucksack . ( continued ) 20 continued : ( 2 ) new angle suddenly , sportsman # 3 reach inside he parka and pull the pistol . he swing it toward lemalle . lemalle look up when he hear the hammer cock . there be a deafeningly loud shot . sportsman # 3 fall down dead at lemalle 's foot . off to one side , corbett hold a huge , smoking .44 magnum six - shooter in he hand . shotgun in hand , sportsman # 1 gauge he chance of blast corbett . nil . when corbett turn to he , he lie the weapon down . sportsman # 2 rush to he friend . look bleak , Mitchell spit again . corbett cross to lemalle and knock from he hand the thing he want to steal . chastise , lemalle smolder . after a moment : corbett ( to sportsman ) put he in you truck . smell of blood will attract the bear . ( to trapper ) let 's go . as corbett walk to the jeep , he 's too angry to notice that he 's step in a patch of mud under the land Rover . near the jeep , lemalle stop and pull they into a huddle . lemalle I do not believe in leavin ' witness behind , Ben . mitchell it be self defense . leave it at that . lemalle you think that fuck will tell it that way ? corbett ( end the argument ) we will get a head start before they go cry to the law . corbett turn and fire two round from he .44 into the engine of the land Rover . the sportsman stare and sputter . ( continued ) 20 continued : ( 3 ) corbett ( continue ; to sportsman ) you can pack out of here -- two , three day ' hike along this river at most . weather should hold this early in the season . corbett and Mitchell get in they jeep . lemalle be not yet satisfied . he walk back over to the sportsman , kneel beside they fall friend , and crouch right beside they . intimidate , sportsman # 2 look away , but lemalle grab he chin and turn he face back toward he . lemalle think I be pretty ? you better forget how we look , ' cause next time they will not keep I from kill you . this land be not quite civilized , you know ... he unsheathes he buck knife . below frame , he slice across the forehead of the dead sportsman , peel back he scalp and cut it loose , indian -style . the sportsman be stunne and sicken . angle on trappers ' jeep corbett look at Mitchell and wearily shake he head . mitchell at least he scalp the dead one . 21 ext . devil' cauldron - dusk Devil 's cauldron hot Springs be a cluster of twenty tiny dwelling connect by a unpaint boardwalk . the town squat , ugly and temporary - look , in a dirt clear fifty mile north of the Arctic Circle . thirty mile east of the pipeline , it 's almost dead center of interior Alaska . at the edge of town be a gravel airstrip . mix with the prospector- era sod-roof cabin be a few prefabricate house . the boon bring by man building the pipeline be long go . now only a few itinerant logger , native and bush dweller remain to fight boredom , each other and the depression of the oncoming winter . enough steam escape from the hot spring to perpetually blanket the valley with fog . the spa be log -wall and horseshoe - shape , with partition bath inside . facing it ( continued ) 21 continued : be a mud-walled fire bath , a wooden steam bath call a maqi , six one - room cabin for let , and a unused dance hall . leo meyerling open the tailgate of a dodge truck with the northland Petroleum logo and " District supervisor " on the door . meyerl be short and bald with a completely disreputable face . he staple a poster on a wall . it have a picture of he on it , and : leo meyerling for State legislature vote for the people's friend ! 22 ext . kenai' general store corbett and the other trapper drive past meyerl and park they jeep as the sun disappear behind the foothills . 23 int . kenai' general store a handwritten public notice next to a schedule of church meeting read : " live each day so you can look every damn man in the eye and tell he to go to hell . " there be a post office in the corner with some combination box and a wicketless window . the trapper come in . corbett sit in a chair and pull he boot off . one of he wool sock be wet . he nod to the man sit in the other chair , SAM wilder . wilder be short and tough , with a full head of crewcut grey hair and weather - ravage face that make he look older than he sixty year . corbett hullo , Sam . slow day ? wilder ( wary ) Ben ...boys . yeah , real slow , and I would like to keep it that way . corbett ( conciliatory ) just pass through . a chubby inupiat ( interior eskimo ) , wear thick glass , several heavy sweater and battery - heat sock , fuss behind the counter . he 's earl kenai , owner of the hot spring spa and the general store . lemalle chew on a handful of bear jerky . kenai stare at lemalle until he begrudgingly pay for the jerky . corbett pull on some sneaker and hand he boot to kenai . ( continued ) 23 continued : corbett ( continue ; be boot ) need patching . kenai twenty - five dollar . corbett ( smile ) sure have learn to worship the white man 's god . kenai nod agreeably and hold he hand out . corbett pay he . meyerl come in and post some flier on the corkboard . meyerling I hope I can count on you gentleman to vote for the people 's friend this November . corbett share some of that oil company money in you pocket and you can . meyerl smile like a toad , then slap another poster on the wall . lemalle throw he knife and it stick in the poster between meyerl 's spread finger . meyerl jump back and the trapper laugh . meyerl look to wilder for support . wilder ( to meyerl ) one flier come loose and I shoot you for littering . meyerling ( exite ; grudgeless ) have you fun ... just remember the people 's friend come election day . wilder ( shake he head ) oil company candidate run on that slogan make about as much sense as a rat fuck a grapefruit . corbett hard to work up a interest in politics , way we live . you be the first people we have see in two week . ( continued ) 23 continued : ( 2 ) lemalle ( to kenai ) how about a quart of Jack Daniel 's ? kenai how about it be right . back in the primary this town be vote dry . lemalle ( to corbett ) aw , shit . let 's go . leave a note for Viking Bob , tell he to meet we in cache . corbett relax . one more day without drink will not kill you . right , Sam ? wilder I be live proof of that sad fact . corbett can we buy the marshal some dinner ? wilder no , I better stay at my post . even without the hootch riling them up , you know how mean-spirited folk get when they smell winter come . 24 ext . devil' cauldron valley - long shot - night a early STORM have blow in from the north , bring whipping wind and freezing rain . 25 int . rental cabin corbett peer out the tiny window , frown . lemalle clean he carbine while eat bean and bacon . Mitchell hunch over a table . he 's make a scrimshaw -- delicately engrave , use homemade tool , on a palm -size piece of whale bone . he rub he eye and look up at corbett . mitchell so much for the walk weather you predict . ( continued ) 25 continued : corbett have no choice ... ( pointedly , at lemalle ) ... give the situation . mitchell I know . least you do not shoot all of they . lemalle fuck you , Mitchell . woulda be my ass if Ben do not waste that prick . corbett ( after a beat ) Mitchell , look , it do not take three of we to wait for Viking Bob . Mitchell glance at lemalle , then at corbett . corbett ( continue ) go ahead . take the jeep . I will come to cache with Bob when he get here . mitchell okay by I . you be the one like this hot spring so much . corbett leave my trap . we will tag up , couple day . 26 ext . haul road - " the turtle " - day the wind have die down . the rain have turn to a light snow . a mobile arctic dwelling sit on a rise next to the haul Road . it 's a double - unit weathertight cocoon of fiberglass and aluminum , pull by a diesel rig on oversize tire . the front module be 12 by 24 , the rear 12 by 18 . a extend - cab pickup pull up and Sam wilder get out . the gravel - and -dirt haul Road , parallel the pipeline for 400 mile , be close to the public . a arrive vehicle , therefore , be news . the front door of the dwelling open . Eric and Anne Marie come outside , delighted to see wilder . ( continued ) 26 continued : wilder I be make my round , see you hangar wide open , plane get rain on , so I close it up . eric thanks . anne marie ( to wilder ) I bet you have not have lunch . wilder ( smile ) Bet you be right . but I do not come by to wangle a meal -- eric -- we appreciate the company . Anne Marie 's get cabin fever already . Anne Marie shoot a look at Eric but do not disagree -- this be obviously a issue with they . wilder look with amusement at the mobile dwelling . wilder what would you say they call this spaceship ? eric mobile Arctic dwell -- mad . anne marie I call it ' the turtle , ' as in carry you home on you back . eric best thing be , meyerl have to chase around to find we . anne marie ( laugh ) the little creep hate it that Eric actually do what the company hire he to do . wilder watch it with meyerl . man 's as mean and corrupt as they get . cut he mother 's throat if it would get he a couple vote . ( continued ) 26 continued : ( 2 ) look past wilder , Eric point out some smoke on the horizon . eric hey , Sam , look over there . Black and white smoke . wilder damn . likely that 's a sos . have to pass on that lunch . eric we will go with you . CUT to : 27 ext . sportsmen' camp - later that day everything seem peaceful enough . the sos fire ( make from burn green branch for white smoke and rubber for black smoke ) have burnt down to ember . Eric , Anne Marie and wilder pull up in wilder 's pickup . the two sportsman sit in the front seat of the land Rover , but they do not react to the arrival of the rescuer . in the back seat , a reflective camp blanket cover a large mass . something be amiss . Eric shoot a look of trepidation at Anne Marie as they get out of the pickup . wilder pull the door of the land Rover open . a sportsman slump out onto the ground . his eye be open and he tongue poke out between he lip . his skin be blue-white . ( he look , in fact , much like Eric 's nightmare . ) startle , Eric step back . Anne Marie gasp with horror . wilder unzip the sportsman 's light windbreaker and listen for a heartbeat . nothing . wilder stupid goddamn greenhorn ! froze to death . anne marie it 's not even winter ! wilder they get wet in the rain . core body temperature drop , get drowsy , probably do not even know what be happen . Eric stare at the dead sportsman . ( continued ) 27 continued : wilder ( continue ) question be why they sit here when the storm move in . check they stuff while I sniff around . wilder try the ignition . the starter turn over , but the engine make a horrendous grinding . he walk to the front of the vehicle . notice the bullet hole in the grille , he bend down for a closer look . new angle Eric open the rear hatchback and dig through the plentiful supplies . still in they package be some matchbox - size elt locating beacon . eric they have emergency locater transmitter , but do not use they . ( open one up ; shake he head ) maybe because they do not bring battery . close Anne Marie open the back door of the land Rover . she pull back the camp blanket ... and uncover the third sportsman . the tear red flesh on he head and he bugge - out eye be a hideous sight . Anne Marie scream and stumble away . 28 ext . sportsmen' camp - land rover Eric run over to she as she try to catch she breath . wilder look at the third sportsman and angrily kick the side of the land Rover . wilder I be too old for this shit . eric any idea who could have do it ? sourly , wilder point to a patch of freeze mud under the vehicle . wilder a certain sonofabitch bastard - more - ( continued ) 28 continued : wilder ( cont would ) wear a damage mountain boot . Left a footprint clear as a autograph . wilder examine the sportsman , find the bullet hole in he chest . wilder ( continue ) even for Ben corbett , this be nasty . man 's get ball . he be sit in Devil 's cauldron when I leave , calm as can be . anne marie thank God . you can arrest he . wilder not necessarily . corbett 's awful hardbitten this day . wilder lean against the land Rover , feel tired . wilder ( continue ) his old roam area 's all private reserve now . normally , long as he stay civil in my jurisdiction , I let he be . ( beat ) wo not be able to take he by my lonesome , though . nobody in town will lift a finger on this . Eric look hard at the dead sportsman . eric ( quietly ) I will go into town with you . anne marie Eric , leave it alone . it 's not you business . eric ( shake he head ) no way can he get away with this . I will be back by tonight . 29 ext . devil' cauldron - afternoon the town be quiet . 30 int . hot spring spa corbett soak in one of the huge wooden tub with a pudgy inupiat hooker , dixie . he look up as Eric come into the spa . Eric hold corbett 's boot , which have be repair . Eric pause when he see corbett . there be a flash of recognition between they . eric Ben corbett ? corbett yep . afraid you have I at a disadvantage . eric kenai at the general store ask I to bring this . do not expect we would already meet . corbett no big deal . we just get off on the wrong foot . what 's you name ? Eric glance down at corbett 's duffel bag , which sit on the floor next to corbett 's tub . corbett 's magnum rest on top of it , well within reach . corbett notice Eric 's interest in it . he lean back and smile . eric desmond . corbett New to the country , kid ? eric six month . ecological study for northland oil . corbett ecology . folk use that term for everything but what it mean : who 's eat who . put he hand on Dixie 's shoulder , corbett stand and get out of the tub . his sinewy body , resembling a scarecrow make of steel cable , be cover with scar . he wrap a towel around he waist and cross to Eric . ( continued ) 30 continued : corbett ( continue ) now , why do not you get around to say what you want . corbett grab he boot from Eric and find himself face a revolver , which Eric have be hide inside one of the boot . corbett ( continue ; smile ) you would not shoot anyone ... wilder ( os ) but I would . new angle wilder have come in the back way and stand behind corbett with a 12 - gauge shotgun . he kick corbett 's magnum out of reach . corbett all this for lay trap on private land ? wilder you leave a footprint at the sportsman 's camp . only pretty sight there , Ben , ' cause the two man you do not shoot and mutilate die of exposure . corbett shake he head but remain implacable . corbett Christ if I should not know better than to step in soft earth . I have see footprint in the tundra a hundred year old . wilder ( to Eric ) I get it from here . thanks . corbett ( to wilder ) Sam , give Dixie here fifty buck out of my kit , will you ? 31 ext . hot spring spa Eric come outside . Earl kenai , overdress for the weather in glove , mukluk and a full - length sealskin coat , stand ( continued ) 31 continued : shiver by a woodsh near the hot spring , hacksawing a piece of meat from a freeze moose carcass . kenai before white man come , my people live in sod house underground and laid we dead on the tundra . now we live above ground and bury we dead , and we have not be warm since . wilder come out of the spa with he shotgun and corbett 's duffel bag cradle in he arm . handcuffed , corbett walk in front of he . kenai look down to avoid eye contact with corbett as he go by . corbett stop next to Eric and smile . corbett Nice bluff the other day with the tranquilizer gun out you jeep window . see you again , maybe . eric ( unintimidate ) yeah . maybe so . 32 ext . devil' cauldron - follow wilder as he lead corbett along the boardwalk to the other end of town . they approach a prefab house perch on skid under a tall antenna tower . mounted above the shack , a DC wind charge turbine spin lazily in the faint breeze . from within the cabin come a anomalous SOUND -- MTV . wilder knock on the door . arthur neff , a pasty - white , 45 - year - old ex - Texan , pull the door open . his customary grin fade when he see corbett . 33 int . neff.s house wilder push corbett inside past neff . wilder I need to call fairbank . neff just stare at corbett . wilder ( continue ) neff ! dial it up . State police . with a " what can I do but oblige ? " look to corbett , neff sit in front of the rca alascom radio telephone and dial . ( continued ) 33 continued : neff ( on phone ) fairbank alascom ? patch I through to the State Police . after a moment , he hand the receiver to wilder . wilder take it , keep one eye and the shotgun on corbett . wilder ( on phone ) this be Sam wilder , marshal in Devil 's cauldron . have some killing here . I get a suspect ; be real nice if someone come and take he off my hand . state policeman ( vo ) ( through phone ) on a good day I could not spare a crosswalk guard . but now , no way . folk be batshit with the weather turn sour . bring he in yourself . wilder ( on phone ) next plane 's not come ' till next Monday . state policeman ( vo ) ( through phone ) sit you suspect out in the cold . he will keep . wilder ( on phone ) this man 's friend be not gonna look favorably on he incarceration . state policeman ( vo ) ( through phone ; Mr. glib ) so shoot he . wo not have to feed he that way -- angry , wilder slam the receiver down . 34 int . wilder' cabin in one room , there be a wood - burn cookstove and a Ashley heat stove , a table , a bunk and a small window . behind a cloth partition be a eight by six hold cell . the frame of a iron - bar door be securely cement to the log wall . wilder come in with corbett and lock he in the cell . ( continued ) 34 continued : corbett mind if I get some stuff from my kit ? wilder do mind . he lock the duffel bag and corbett 's .44 in he desk drawer . corbett ( continue ) Sam , listen -- I shot to defend my man . other guy draw first . wilder if that be all , fine . but carve he up , stranding the other , that 's too fuck much . be everything that walk , crawl , fly or swim fair game to you ? corbett ( softly ) I will get loose before that plane come . wilder do not try I . I will kill you if it come to it . 35 ext . devil' cauldron - afternoon as Eric walk into kenai 's general store , neff hurry over . neff Mr. desmond ! ( grin ; stick he hand out ) Arthur neff . Area rep for the Federal Assistance plan . tell the boy in DC to keep that goody come . eric sure . neff snowplow , generator , tv dish ... hell , we get the goddamn playboy Channel ! here , this be for you . he hand Eric a piece of styrofoam shape like a commode seat . ( continued ) 35 continued : neff ( continue ) warm to forty below . remember , anything you want , you ask Arthur neff . 36 ext . haul road - the turtle - night the storm have pass . a faint chugging emanate from the small orange generator trailer behind the turtle . Eric pull up and park the scout . 37 int . the turtle Nylon storage netting along the ceiling hold Eric 's research equipment and Anne Marie 's photographic supplies . in one corner of the turtle be several of she black and white print . all be of man-made object whose presence be juxtapose with the natural surroundings . relieved he 's home in one piece , Anne Marie meet Eric at the door and kiss he . carry a brown - paper - wrap package , Eric follow she into the kitchen , where she 's prepare dinner . anne marie do you catch corbett ? eric sure do . he be one of the trapper we roust from the haul Road . anne marie be there any trouble ? eric he be sit in a hot tub with a hooker . anne marie go after killer be not the same as chase poacher , Eric . eric ( grin ) can not help myself . corbett 's type always piss I off . ( hand she the package ) oh , I find this at the post office . have you name on it . ( continued ) 37 continued : perplex , she look at the return address -- bloomingdale 's . delighted , she tear it open . Inside be a pretty , elegant dress . Anne Marie kiss he . anne marie oh , sweetheart . it 's beautiful ! eric you be look at it in the catalog . do not know where you can wear it ... anne marie I will wear it for you . and I can wear it when we go home . we will not be here forever . eric ( frown ) you make it sound like a prison sentence . anne marie that 's not what I mean . eric it 's exactly what you mean . anne marie look , why get into this again . as long as it 's work , let 's leave it alone . it 's be nice so far . we be together -- eric -- permanently ? anne marie ( sigh ) do I want to be with you permanently ? yes , I think I do . but be with what you do and the way you live ? that I do not know . c'mon , Eric , until I meet you , come back to Alaska be totally out of the question for I . but I be here . I be get great picture , and I be have fun . ( slip she arm around he ) I love you . ( kiss he ) so shut up and let 's eat . 38 ext . devil' cauldron - night a old primer- grey station wagon rattles into town and park . with a unlit cheroot stick in he mouth , " viking " bob corbett get out and stretch . he 's 38 , six - foot-six , with sandy hair , beard , ruddy skin , and he brother 's dark eye . he look around for some sign of life . he spot neff tend one of the windmills and walk over to he . viking bob I be look for some trapper . Ben corbett , Mitchell , lemalle . see them ? neff yesterday . Said they be go to cache . they be thirsty , but we be vote dry . viking bob shit . as Viking Bob walk back to he station wagon , he notice kenai poke around in front of wilder 's cabin . viking bob' Pov illuminate by a bare bulb be wilder 's typical bush - country front yard . pile be five cord of wood , box , tarp , stove part , see horse , 55 - gallon drum , dismantle snow machine , wash tub , tire , etc . bunch he collar around he neck , kenai shiver and sort through corbett 's trap . new angle Viking Bob amble over to kenai . viking bob this yours ? kenai gonna make a offer . man who own they will not need they where he 's go . 39 int . wilder' cabin wilder peer out the window and see Viking Bob , then turn to corbett . ( continued ) 39 continued : wilder back against the bar . now . wilder handcuffs corbett 's hand to the cell door bar , then quickly wrap a piece of duct tape across corbett 's face , cover he mouth . stuff a .357 magnum in he belt , wilder , coatless , slip outside . as soon as he 's out the door , corbett crane he neck and painfully try to pry the tape off he face with the corner of the door hinge . 40 ext . wilder' cabin the look on wilder 's face tell kenai to shut up . Viking Bob realize something 's up . wilder you brother and the boy leave I some trap to sell for they . they be go -- viking bob -- to cache . so I hear . Ben never say nothing to I about sell he gear . 41 int . wilder' cabin corbett get the tape partially off he mouth . he pries one of he boot off and kick it through a window . corbett Bob ! they get I on a murder charge ! 42 ext . wilder' cabin wilder pull he .357 out . wilder sorry , Bob . I will have to keep you here ' till I ship he south . Viking Bob respond by fling a heavy trap at wilder , then punch he in the gut . wilder sprawl among the junk , drop he revolver . kenai freeze , not about to take side . before Viking Bob can come at he again , wilder grab for he .357 . Viking Bob jump back and bolt for he car . ( continued ) 42 continued : he dive into he station wagon and start it up . as he drive past , wilder pop off a few round , but Viking Bob keep go . new angle kenai help wilder up . piss , wilder shove he against the cabin . wilder ( continue ) you stupid , greedy , loudmouth sonofabitch ! he will have the other here in a few hour . you fuck I up , now you be gonna help I move he . kenai ( shake head ) forget it , Sam . I never work for free . 43 int . the turtle - night Anne Marie sit on the floor , editing one of she videotape . on the monitor , it show footage of the trap under the pipeline pile . Eric come out of the back module hold two elt pendant . he glance over at the monitor and nod approvingly . anne marie I still can not believe I be be finance by a oil company . especially when they get a look at this picture . Technology in the wilderness ; not too pretty . ( be elt ) what 's that ? eric I think I should check we emergency transmitter . Eric activate the elt 's . they emit a sos pattern of radio wave -- three short , three long and three short . this be visible as rhythmic interference on Anne Marie 's video monitor . eric ( continue ) avalanche season be come . ( continued ) 43 continued : anne marie Winter . two straight month of night -- we may never get out of bed . ( kiss he ) which would suit I fine . eric prolong darkness make people crazy . anne marie not I . I be equip . she turn on a small s- vhs video camera and snap off the room light . anne marie ( continue ) allow I to give you a practical demonstration of low - light infrared photography ... she do so by seductively undress for the camera . she 's see on the monitor , illuminate by the " light " from the hot stove . Eric appreciate the show . he crawl toward she . anne marie ( continue ) High -tech in the wilderness . get I excited , too . eric come here ... laugh , he wrestle she to the rug . 44 ext . hill above devil' cauldron - night there be a full moon and a clear night sky . Viking Bob 's station wagon be park out of sight . he sit inside , wait . he hear a engine start in the distance . sitting up , he grab some binocular . he Pov wilder 's extend cab truck pull out , head west . 45 ext . foothills - night in the bright moonlight , two people be see in wilder 's truck as it speed along a dirt road . Viking Bob follow at a discreet distance , headlight off . ( continued ) 45 continued : new angle Viking Bob turn and take the literal high road -- a narrow trail above the roadway that wilder 's truck be on . he zoom ahead and get in front of he quarry , then drop back down onto the road and wait in ambush . as wilder 's truck approach , Viking Bob turn on he bright light and crouch behind he car door with a shotgun . wilder 's truck screech to a stop . closer kenai get out with he hand up . Viking Bob slowly approach wilder 's truck . viking bob Ben ? no answer . Viking Bob look in the cab . kenai 's passenger be Dixie , the inupiat hooker . Viking Bob grab kenai and push the barrel of the shotgun hard against he cheek . viking bob ( continue ) where 's Ben corbett ? kenai I have no argument with you , Bob . wilder say I could keep he truck if I drive it ten mile away from town . viking bob where do they go ? kenai he do not say , but I would guess the opposite way from here . Viking Bob shove kenai against the truck , then punch he for good measure . cuss , he run back to he station wagon and drive off . CUT to : 46 int . the turtle - rear module - night Eric and Anne Marie be asleep . Eric start awake at the os sound of a high -pitch vehicle horn and a approach engine . 47 ext . haul road - the turtle Eric pull the door open . wilder be untying corbett from the snowmobile . wilder I get a emergency on my hand . corbett smile at Eric as he walk inside . 48 int . the turtle Eric , wilder and corbett sit in the front module . Anne Marie , nervous , wear a down robe , serve coffee . she stare at corbett , try to reconcile he quiet demeanor with what she see that afternoon . corbett smile at Eric . wilder ( to Eric ) ... you give we a ride in the cessna you get hangare at the pump station , we will be in fairbank in a few hour . eric that 's what we should have do in the first place . wilder I could have sit tight for the transport , ' till Bob come poke around . corbett ( to wilder ; be Anne Marie ) a lot to ask , drag he away from such a good- look girl -- eric ( irritate ) -- to take you to jail ? it will be my pleasure . wilder ( to Eric ) you better get some sleep . corbett good idea . Flying over mountain can give you some nasty surprise . go too low , one of the cloud might have a big rock inside it . ( continued ) 48 continued : eric ( hard ) I will get you there all right . Eric take Anne Marie to the rear module , leave wilder with he prisoner . CUT to : 49 int . the turtle - later that night a bottle of Eric 's scotch sit almost empty on the table beside wilder . wilder doze in a chair face corbett . corbett be awake . he contort he body to bring he handcuff chain under he foot and get he hand in front of he . he eye wilder 's .357 . it 's in a lefty Sam browne holster . no way to take it without waking wilder . corbett stand and inch toward the door . as he pull it open , the insulation make enough noise to stir wilder . wilder get up and push corbett back into he chair . wilder goddammit , I do not need this aggravation . I will shoot you , Ben . Bank on it . corbett I do not want to hurt you , Sam . wilder I be not too old to knock the snot out of you ! corbett nothing personal . wilder 's mind clear enough to realize that corbett 's hand be in front of he . he reach for he .357 . corbett butt into wilder 's midsection with he head . amazingly , wilder stay on he foot . corbett hurry back to the door . wilder lunge , bull - determine to hold onto he . corbett smashes wilder across the face with he clench hand . wilder go down hard , hit he head on the table , and stay there . corbett instinctively kneel to see if wilder be still breathe . but then , hearing movement in the rear module , corbett flee . 50 int . the turtle - rear module Eric be pull on he pants . 51 int . the turtle - front module Eric rush in . the outside door be open and wilder lie on the floor . his holster be empty . Anne Marie come in and cross to wilder . Eric pull a floor trap door open and dig through the company - issue equipment , come up with a huge remington bolt -action bear rifle . unfamiliar with weapon , Eric tear open a box of shell and fumble to load the rifle . 52 ext . the turtle corbett be try to start Eric 's scout . Eric fire a loud warning shot from the turtle doorway . eric you want to try that handgun against this rifle , go ahead . corbett sit in the scout for a long moment , weigh he odd . he take he hand off the steering wheel ... Eric shoot again , this time smashing the side- view mirror and window next to corbett 's head . still handcuff , corbett get out of the scout . holding the .357 gingerly by the butt , he put it on the hood of the scout . corbett some day you might have to face I without a gun . 53 int . the turtle Eric lead corbett in . Anne Marie be cradling wilder 's head . she 's cry . Eric look at wilder . there be blood come from he ear and he 's fade fast . wilder ( thickly ) fetch he back ? ( Eric nod ) do not let he walk ... Eric nod again . wilder hold he gaze on Eric , then simply stop breathe . ( continued ) 53 continued : Eric be stunne . quietly , corbett sit down . clutch the rifle , Eric sit on the floor and glare at corbett . corbett ( softly ) do he have people ? eric ( after a beat ) a daughter in Oregon . corbett send he down to she . there 's money in my duffel bag , back at he cabin . corbett 's benign attitude be chill . eric I better call in . he turn the shortwave radio on . it SPARKS and burn out . the remainder of the liquor have be pour inside it . eric ( continue ) think of everything , huh ? corbett survive be what I know -- eric -- killing be what you know . ( to Anne Marie ) pack some food while I prep for the flight . ( off she look ) I be sure not gonna let he go . cover corbett with the rifle , Eric handcuffs he to the sturdy metal bracket of a wall unit . 54 ext . cache , alaska - ( moving shot ) - night Viking Bob approach in he station wagon on a narrow dirt road . the huge night sky all but smother the weak light from the town up ahead . cache seem a mistake -- a jumble of unpaint building in the middle of a big nothing , twenty mile north of the Arctic Circle . still , it 's more animated than Devil 's cauldron . there be a hundred permanent resident , several tavern and a three - store , fly - in shopping center . ( continued ) 54 continued : even though it 's the middle of the night , people roam the street , drink and socialize . with only a couple foot of snow on the ground , this be still summertime . under storefront awning , drunken indian sleep on the concrete . Viking Bob cruise the main drag , look for the other trapper . he spot they jeep in front of a dangerous - look saloon call the " bear sign Inn . " angle with viking bob as he park and get out of he station wagon . he hear a familiar voice around the side of the building . lemalle ( os ) c'mon , girl , talk to I , negotiate with I ... 55 ext . cache - alley drunk , lemalle stand in a alley with a bored , acne-scarred Oriental prostitute . he weave and leer , he hand stick inside she blouse . viking bob lemalle . we get a problem . where 's Mitchell ? lemalle goddamn ! Viking Bob ! Mitchell 's inside , boring bastard ... grumbling , Viking Bob separate lemalle from the prostitute and drag he by the collar out of the alley . CUT to : 56 int . bear sign inn - night meyerl 's campaign poster cover the wall . many have be pull down and muddy underfoot by the drunken crowd . in a booth cover with grafitti , Mitchell squint and work on he scrimshaw . lemalle , somewhat sober , eat a plate of muktuk -- whale blubber . Viking Bob pour he more coffee . mitchell ( to Viking Bob ) ... Ben never send a signal . viking bob musta never get a chance to - more - ( continued ) 56 continued : viking bob ( cont would ) activate . wilder 's aim to take he to fairbank , we can count on that much . mitchell meaning he will need a plane . viking bob closest plane for hire be here in cache . mitchell hang on ... ( to lemalle ) remember that cessna we see at the pump station on the haul Road ? belong to the guy they get patrol the pipeline . lemalle there you go . wilder 's always chummy with the fuckin' bambi-lover . viking bob it 's a long shot . mitchell you get a better idea ? 57 ext . haul road - the turtle - dawn wisp of light cut across the cold blue sky . Eric come out of the turtle , leave the front door ajar . he throw a knapsack of supplies into the back of the scout . 58 int . the turtle corbett 's right hand be still handcuff to the wall unit . terrify about be alone with corbett , Anne Marie cautiously put a cup of coffee in front of he . corbett how long have you be up north ? anne marie ( after a beat ) six month . corbett can not be . too keen a sense of this place in you picture . ( continued ) 58 continued : anne marie six month this time . I be bear in the aleutian . corbett you people alaskan ? Anne Marie do not want to talk to a killer , but corbett be so soft - speak and charming that she answer despite herself . anne marie my dad be a navy doctor . corbett knew you have no native blood , even with you dark hair . Blue eye give you away . my wife have blue eye . anne marie have ? corbett she 's dead . anne marie oh . corbett have some good year . met she in ' 66 . she show up one day in coldfoot . no one know she . one Sunday morning , she march into a bar and announce she be available as a wife to the high bidder . do not work out in three month , she would return the money and leave , no hard feeling . ( off Anne Marie 's amaze look ) my bid be eight thousand dollar . beautiful girl . anne marie how do she ..? corbett I be go , in September , lay trapline . she go to we cache for some meat . get maul by a bear . tore open she skull . - more - ( continued ) 58 continued : ( 2 ) corbett ( cont would ) might have live if she get help , but the expose part of she brain froze . Anne Marie shudder . smiling good - naturedly , corbett look around , spot the package Anne Marie 's new dress come in . corbett ( continue ) what about you -- why come back ? classy girl like you seem more suite to the finer thing . anne marie that 's why I leave , move to Washington . when I meet Eric I be do day shoot -- product and fashion , mostly . pretty dull . Eric be teach college , and then he get the job with northland oil . we want to stay together , so we talk they into funding some wilderness photography ... and here I be . as she 's talk , the turtle rock slightly . she look out the tiny window . her Pov - through window Eric be put wilder 's body inside a enclose storage compartment build flush into the side of the turtle . back to scene horrify , Anne Marie turn away . corbett you should know something . anne marie I do not want to talk any more . corbett be not my intention to hurt wilder . I be tell you the truth . I like the man . I only mean to get loose ... to survive . you cheechako boyfriend better understand that . ( beat ) listen , I have get some money put away -- ( continued ) 58 continued : ( 3 ) anne marie -- do not ever think you can buy Eric off , Mr. corbett -- eric ( os ) -- cheechako ? Eric come in , none too thrilled about Anne Marie chat with corbett . anne marie ( translate ) outsider . he carefully stuff wilder 's magnum in he belt and ignore Anne Marie 's disparage look as he do . eric ( to corbett ) let 's go . anne marie wait a second . 59 int . the turtle - rear module Anne Marie lead Eric out of earshot from corbett . Eric keep a cautious eye on he . anne marie maybe you should drive he into Devil 's cauldron , let they decide what to do with he . eric ( reassuringly ) fairbank be a three - hour flight . I will be back by dinnertime . realizing he 's determine , she sigh and kiss he . eric ( continue ) be careful , okay ? anne marie that 's my line . CUT to : 60 ext . haul road &amp ; feldspar creek - dawn Eric and corbett drive toward the desert pump station . they cross over a prefabricate steel portal bridge span a fast-runn creek . 61 int . scout - ( moving shot ) the wind whip through the shot - out wing window . corbett 's handcuffs be lash to the seat frame with sturdy nylon rope . 62 ext . pumping station the pump station consist of three corrugate steel building . the large be a airplane hangar . just beyond the hangar be a narrow blacktop landing strip run parallel to the haul Road . 63 int . scout - angle through window - ( moving shot ) Eric pull up to the hangar . suddenly , lemalle step out from behind the building . 64 ext . pumping station lemalle recognize the International scout . he swing he rifle up to stop it . Eric slam it in reverse and screech back around the hangar . mitchell ( os ) aim for the tire ! lemalle fire as the scout round the corner . he hit a fender , do no damage . angry , he run after the vehicle . 65 int . scout - ( moving shot ) Eric slam on the brake and turn the scout around . corbett let I out and keep go . they catch we , they will kill you . Eric do not need any convincing of that . he tear out . 66 ext . pumping station Mitchell run out in front of they and blast the front of the scout with he .45 peacemaker . steam hiss out of the radiator . Eric floor it and race past Mitchell , almost hit he . ( continued ) 66 continued : Mitchell and lemalle shoot at the retreate vehicle . one of the scout 's back tire get blow out . 67 int . scout - ( moving shot ) Eric slow , shift into four - wheel drive and continue , drive on the rim . 68 ext . pumping station chew a unlit cheroot , Viking Bob pull up next to Mitchell and lemalle in the trapper ' jeep . they pile in . 69 ext . haul road Eric backtrack as fast as possible in the crippled vehicle . 70 int . trappers ' jeep - through windshield - ( moving shot ) as the scout head for the feldspar Creek bridge , it disappear from sight over a hill . 71 ext . haul road &amp ; feldspar creek Viking Bob zoom over feldspar Creek . they come over the rise , but the scout still can not be see ahead of they . reverse angle the scout sit idling in a depression near the creek bed , below the haul Road . above , the trapper speed past without notice . after give the trapper time to get around the next bend , Eric drive the scout up the embankment and cross back over the bridge . 72 int . scout Eric stop the vehicle . he grab a five - gallon gas can and a piece of cloth from the back . 73 ext . haul road &amp ; feldspar creek the prefab bridge be the transportable type use by the Army Corps of Engineers , leave over from the building of the pipeline . Eric stuff the gas can between the abutment and the honeycombed underside of the bridge . he put the rag inside the spout of the can , light it with a match and run like hell back to the scout . 74 ext . haul road the trapper realize they quarry be miss . Viking Bob slam on the brake and look around . 75 int . scout - ( moving shot ) Eric speed away . corbett they will still catch we . all you be do be pissing they off . 76 ext . haul road &amp ; feldspar creek the gasoline can explode , tear the bridge coupling away from the concrete abutment . 77 ext . haul road the trapper see the explosion behind they . they turn around and head toward it . 78 ext . pumping station - hangar Eric park the scout sideways to block the way to the airstrip . with the magnum at the ready , Eric cut corbett 's handcuffs loose from the seat and hurry he toward the hangar . the leeward side of the structure be a huge metal door on roller . Eric unlock it and roll it back . Inside be a cessna 182 , dust with snow and ice blow through the crack by crosswind . Eric brushes the windshield with he sleeve . 79 ext . haul road &amp ; feldspar creek the trapper pull up and find the far side of the bridge burn and disconnect from the creek bank . 80 int . hangar - cessna Eric help corbett into the cockpit , then secure he handcuffs to the frame of the seat with more nylon rope . 81 ext . haul road &amp ; feldspar creek Viking Bob assess the damage to the bridge . loose from the abutment , it wobble like a diving board . below , the water be too deep and fast- move to be traversable . 82 int . hangar - cessna Eric try to turn the engine over . the starter be sluggish from cold and lack of use . 83 ext . haul road &amp ; feldspar creek Viking Bob look at the other , burst with frustration . he climb into the driver 's seat . viking bob get in . we can jump it . they hop in . he screech backwards to get a run start , revs the engine , pop the clutch , and tear toward the bridge . as they reach the midpoint of the bridge it begin to buckle under they . with a sicken wrenching , the crossbar support crumple . the jeep fly through the still - burn gasoline , become airborne , and scrape to a rude stop on the edge of the pavement on the other side , the back wheel dangle in space . lemalle and Mitchell gingerly get out and push the ass end of the jeep onto solid earth . 84 int . hangar Eric finally start the plane and taxi out onto the landing strip . 85 ext . pumping station the trapper drive up to where the scout block they path . they pile out of they jeep and run toward the landing strip . 86 int . cessna - ( aerial shot ) it pick up speed and take off . angle through window - ( aerial shot ) below , the trapper watch the plane zoom over they head . lemalle point he carbine at it , but Viking Bob push the rifle down . 87 int . cessna - ( aerial shot ) corbett scowl as he see the trapper helpless below he . 88 ext . pumping station Viking Bob watch , wide - eye with fury . Mitchell spit . lemalle punch the wall . then he turn and repeatedly blast the scout , park nearby , with he carbine . 89 int . cessna - ( aerial shot ) Eric 's knapsack , a emergency kit and several five - gallon can of aviation fuel be tuck behind the seat . eric how the hell be they smart enough to find we ? corbett smart ? sure . that 's why I be sit in this plane and they be down there blow I kiss . Eric retract the landing gear and bank toward the southwest . corbett notice that Eric seem a little unsure of the control . corbett ( continue ) be drive long ? eric I need a pilot 's license to take the job here , so I get one in six week . corbett that make the flight more interesting . Eric ignore the jibe . he stay at 2,000 foot , make the landscape all the more immediate . corbett stare out the window and brood . he spot a open , snow - cover area where some dark blotches mar the whiteness . corbett ( continue ) see the blood ? pack of wolf take down a moose . greedy , gut - rip son of bitch . I would kill the last wolf on earth , right in front of the President of the U.S. stink , cowardly predator , the wolf . ( continued ) 89 continued : eric sound like professional jealousy . corbett hunting and trapping be a damn fine life . ( beat ) I and Mitchell , Bob and lemalle , we be team . I would always go with Mitchell . good man , Mitchell . I would let Bob worry about goddamn lemalle . we would hire a plane in October . on the way to a dirt airstrip somewhere , we would drop supplies . we would land , tell the pilot to come back for we a few day before Christmas . another angle - ( aerial shot ) while talk in a even tone , corbett intently study the instrument panel and scan the landscape below . corbett the idea be to get to the supplies before the bear do . along the route we would set we trap . make we year 's live in three month . corbett spot a flat plateau farther in the mountain , above the tree line . corbett ( continue ) lot of time we do not even have a landing strip . we would set down on a plateau , like that one there . yeah , that one 's easy ; you could glide right in ... suddenly , he turn in the seat and pin Eric against the door with he leave foot . the plane fly erratically . with he right foot , corbett kick the fuel jettison lever on the instrument panel , jam it on . 90 ext . cessna - ( aerial shot ) the lever , use to empty the fuel tank in case of emergency , do so with great expediency . all the gas be instantly discharge . 91 int . cessna - ( aerial shot ) corbett release Eric and calmly sit back up in he seat . Eric rub he neck , incredulous . corbett 's move be too fast and too outrageous . in a moment , the engine sputter to a stop . Eric struggle to hold the stick steady and glide the plane down to the plateau corbett point out . corbett hope you get you money 's worth on that lesson . 92 ext . cessna - ( aerial shot ) there 's a even chance of hit a mountain instead of the plateau . Eric push the cessna 's nose down . the plateau come up fast . the plane drop lower and lower , pitching and yaw in the wind . it crash land , its metal underbelly screeching as it hit the jag granite under the snow . it stop suddenly , flipping tail over nose . 93 int . cessna it rest upside down in the snow . the man be daze . behind Eric , one of the extra fuel can , now hang upside down , leak gas . in front of he , the engine be on FIRE . Eric undoe he seat belt and rights himself , but he leg get catch in the tangle belt . he pull out a swiss Army knife and cut the rope bind corbett 's handcuffs to the seat . corbett push the passenger door open . panick , Eric try to pull loose of he seat belt , painfully wrenching he ankle . 94 ext . cessna corbett roll out into the snow . with no time to grab he supplies , Eric clamber from the wreckage . he and corbett crawl / roll down the incline of the plateau , away from the plane . a moment later the leak gas reach the burn engine and the cessna explode . wider Eric try to stand . he cry out and fall into the powdery snow , clutching at he ankle . ( continued ) 94 continued : corbett realize Eric be at a disadvantage . but before he can bolt , Eric grab for the .357 magnum under he coat . he lie on the snow , gasp , point the gun at corbett 's midsection . eric stay put ! corbett you get the belly to look I in the eye and pull the trigger ? Eric cock the gun 's hammer with he thumb . eric be no different than shoot a rabid dog . the man face off for a tense moment . corbett smile and zip up he jacket , dispell the tension . letting the hammer down , Eric look back at the burn plane . eric ( continue ) next time you want to kill yourself , do not include I . corbett I take the odd on get down in one piece , and I make it . now we be in my territory . eric with light clothing and no supplies , this be nobody 's territory . corbett you sound like the tourist . know - it-all who read about survival in a magazine . fuck you . you will not make it off this mountain . corbett drop he facade of conviviality . Eric be too angry to be intimidate . he take the scarf from around he neck and wrap he ankle with it . eric let 's go . ( continued ) 94 continued : ( 2 ) corbett ( be Eric 's ankle ) I be not gonna carry you out of here . eric that 's right . you be not . corbett look , take this cuff off . we need to work together . eric forget it . Eric hold he wristwatch up , point the hour hand at the sun , count forward to noon , and , accordingly , make a approximation of they direction . eric ( continue ) last time I check the flight plan , we be forty mile northeast of Devil 's cauldron . Southwest be that way . no sense wait for a goddamn taxi . grimace with pain , he get up . clutch the magnum , he shove corbett in front of he and start walk . corbett frown -- it 's tough to trudge through the snow with he arm cuffed tightly behind he back . Eric look around and try not to let he emotion register on he face . they would not be farther from the rest of humanity on another planet . smell fear on Eric , corbett enjoy the view . and wait . 95 ext . endicott mountain - later that day the endicott range be full of jag peak , icy stream and gnarled tundra valley . squint in the glare of the snow , Eric and corbett trek through the grandiose Gates of the Arctic area . the smolder plane wreckage be a hard - win , snow - cover mile behind they . intricate pattern of fragment rock , strip of scruffy tundra and bedrock outcrop produce lonely , forebode mosaic upon the landscape . the air be still . the silence be itself a disconcert presence . ten mile ahead and two thousand foot lower , the forest begin . but here , on the rock face of the mountain , Eric and corbett might as well be in a desert . ( continued ) 95 continued : eric it will be interesting , try to build a fire without any wood . corbett welcome to the environment , Mr. ecology . out here , one mistake be all you get . determined and dour , Eric push on . corbett ( continue ) why in hell you care enough about I to die take I in ? eric I do not plan on die . it 's all academic . the sheer magnitude of the surroundings make they feel they be the only people in the world . dissolve to : 96 ext . endicott mountain - dusk the sun drop behind the mountain . a wind whip up , chill the man through they clothing . Eric try not to shiver . he spy a small rock formation with a granite elbow protrude from it , make a enclose triangle of solid rock . eric we will stop here , dig out a snow shelter . corbett snow shelter . okay . you dig . I will have a little sit-down . corbett sit on he haunch and smile while Eric dig near the rock . although he know corbett be testing he every move , Eric refuse to let he patronize air get to he . corbett ( continue ) even in the drift , this snow 's too powdery to make a shelter . when you be do jerk around , reach down the back of my coat . Eric approach he suspiciously . he put he hand down through corbett 's collar . something be stow inside a homemade flap in the lining of he coat . Eric pull out a ( continued ) 96 continued : fold nylon tarp with twine thread through corner eyehole . he shake the eight by eight orange tarp open ... CUT to : 97 ext . nylon shelter - evening Eric and corbett have stretch the tarp out tent - style next to the granite rock formation , make a minimal but functional refuge from the cold night . 98 int . nylon shelter the man huddle inside the tarp . Eric keep a wary eye on corbett -- at all time he treat he like a rattlesnake . Eric unwrap he ankle and rub it . it 's swollen to the size of a softball . corbett still quite a hike to Devil 's cauldron . ( beat ) day . a long stretch to go without sleep , my friend . you can hide behind that pistol for now , but take you eye off I long enough to sneeze -- eric -- turn around . while poke the .357 in corbett 's rib , Eric one - handedly unlock corbett 's right manacle , pull he arm through the granite elbow , then lock it back up again . he 's learn . fade to : 99 ext . haul road - dream - ( as in scene 3 ) Eric be hurry along the pipeline in he business suit , follow the predator 's paw print in the snow . he peer ahead and he prey become visible . but it be not a wolf , it 's corbett . his hand and face be cover in blood . end dream 100 ext . endicott mountain - dawn the sun peek over the mountain top , drench they with light and color . 101 int . nylon shelter the light hit Eric 's eye . he bolt awake from a fitful sleep . corbett sit , already awake , look like he would uproot the rock to which he 's chain if he could . he wait for a opportunity -- any opportunity -- with the patience of a vulture . CUT to : 102 ext . endicott mountain - SMALL valley - day Eric and corbett trudge up to the bank of a freeze stream bisect they path . it 's simple -- to continue , they have to cross it . corbett take in the scenery , in no particular hurry . frustrate , but make dead sure he 's always get the drop on corbett , Eric put a tentative foot on the ice . corbett Ice be too thin -- you can see the water move underneath . eric we be not sit here ' till November . there 's a cargo plane come to Devil 's cauldron in four day , and I be put you on it . corbett we get wet , we freeze to death in a couple hour . eric I have be on ice like this when I be a kid , skate . spread you weight , keep move . go on . corbett be not about to be outdone in the gut department by someone with a master 's Degree . corbett ( gesture ' you first ' ) be my guest . eric ( point .357 ) I be right behind you . frown , corbett tentatively step onto the ice and inch across the fifteen foot to the other bank . new angle he turn and , indeed , Eric be right behind he . ( continued ) 102 continued : corbett wait ' till I be across ! Eric do not want to be too far from he prisoner . he keep come . the ice groans and hiss under they weight . corbett be three foot from solid ground . he drop to he knee , then stomach , and roll like a log the rest of the way . Eric splay out on the ice and crabwalk across . the ice make a ominous cracking and water begin to seep through air hole . stand , corbett weigh he chance of bolt from Eric . Eric crawl doubletime . he make it onto solid ground just as the ice under he break off in a big , thin , clear plate . closer Eric sit on some rock . corbett glare it he . corbett most dangerous thing in the world : a regular Joe , in over he head . you try to prove how tough you be for I , or for yourself ? eric it be not my idea to crash the plane . corbett let 's camp . there 's grayle under this ice . I will snare some for dinner . eric ( stand ) we have get another two hour of daylight . corbett push it be flat wrong . all you prove be you ignorance about break trail . Eric be not convinced . grumbling , corbett get up and take the lead as they continue southward . 103 int . the turtle - darkroom - day try to keep busy , Anne Marie develop some print in the darkroom she 's make from the front bathroom . she glance at she watch and sigh , she mind on Eric 's overdue return . 104 int . the turtle - front module Anne Marie come out of the darkroom and hang the print up to dry . outside , ( os ) , a car horn blare a couple of time . grinning , she run to the door . 105 ext . / int . the turtle meyerl 's dodge truck pull up . Anne Marie come outside . her smile wilt when she see it 's not Eric . as meyerl climb the embankment to the turtle , he glance at wilder 's snowmobile park alongside the turtle . meyerling I have be try to raise you on the shortwave for two day . he push past Anne Marie and go into the turtle . anne marie have you talk to Eric ? meyerling I have not , but I very much want to . what do you know about the trouble in Devil 's cauldron ? anne marie I be hope you have some news -- meyerling -- get this straight : I be the District supervisor . whatever you do reflect on I . it be not my idea to bring you people up here , but I be stick with you . you be absolutely not to involve yourself in any local dispute . whichever side you take , you alienate the other . Mr. corbett be quite well - know in this region . people admire he -- anne marie -- corbett 's a killer . ( continued ) 105 continued : meyerling I do not care if Ben corbett make meatloaf out of nun and baby , he 's not you concern . understood ? Anne Marie just glare at he . meyerl examine the damage shortwave . meyerling ( continue ) what happen here ? anne marie the radio 's on the fritz . meyerling where would you say Eric be ? anne marie somewhere along the pipeline . meyerling what about that hothead marshal , Sam wilder ? I hear he be in the middle of this mess . anne marie Sam ? we have not see he . meyerling really . I think maybe that be he snowmobile outside . ( beat ) by the way -- you truck also ' on the fritz ? ' anne marie ( blanching ) why ? meyerling it 's out by the pump station , shot full of hole . noting Anne Marie 's distress reaction to this news , he cross to the door . meyerling ( continue ) still nothing to tell I ? ( no reply ) suit yourself . 106 ext . endicott mountain - day Eric limp further down from the mountain . corbett keep pace in front of he and he magnum . as they altitude decrease , there be ever thicker vegetation . they track in the snow stretch up behind they into the distance . the magnificence and grandeur of the surroundings can not be overstate . picture the most rustic , overwhelming wilderness imaginable , and then make it ten time larger . new angle - later the men' way be once again interrupt , this time by a sheer granite drop . the steep decline would be tough to negotiate with mountaineer equipment and proper footwear . corbett peer over the edge and shake he head . corbett have to backtrack , find another way down . eric forget it . it would take day . corbett ( assess the drop ) go to be a bit of a challenge with handcuffs on . Eric realize he 's right . after some deliberation , Eric cautiously approach he . with the .357 cocked and ready , he undoe one of the cuff , leave they hang from corbett 's wrist . he then unthread the nylon twine from corbett 's tarp . angle - granite sheer Eric and corbett be tie , belt to belt , with the nylon rope . corbett inch down first , foot spread for maximum foot , gloveless hand grasp at anything . Eric mimic corbett 's move and follow the same path . unable to grasp the rock effectively , he stop and take he glove off . continue , he wince -- the rock be cold and sharp . his hand be soon numb and bloody . even in the dry , below - freezing air , Eric be sweat . he look down and hang on more tightly . slide to level ground two hundred foot below would pummel he to hamburger . corbett pause and rest he cheek against the rock . Eric be right above he . ( continued ) 106 continued : suddenly , corbett 's foot slip . his right hand instinctively go for a hold . the dangle handcuffs snare on a protuberance , knock he off balance . the fulcrum of corbett 's body lean out into the empty air . Eric move down a little , brace himself and extend he leg , give corbett something to grab . corbett take hold of Eric 's shoe and try to teeter back against the rock wall . adrenaline scream through Eric 's system . corbett look up at Eric . a careless move will send they both tumble . Eric clutches harder at the rock and wait for the worst . after a long moment , corbett regains he balance and let go of Eric 's foot . he continue he descent . Eric let out he breath and try to swallow . his mouth be as dry as the granite . CUT to : 107 ext . treeline - later that day handcuffed again , corbett hike in front of Eric along the top of some foothills . now and again he glance behind , gaug Eric 's weariness , wait for a moment 's carelessness . around they there be heavy vegetation now -- snow - cover sedge tussock , knee - deep muskeg and twisted thicket that be treacherous and slow to tramp through . above they , ominous cloud and sharp , cold wind be come down from the north . but below , a mile ahead , the edge of the forest be like the hem of a great green garment stretch endlessly southward . the combination of altitude and latitude create a amazingly sharp topographical divide line . within a few thousand yard , the landscape abruptly change from scrub brush to thick coniferous forest . corbett better get into that tree before that squall blow down . then , corbett pause as a walloping sound echoes across the foothills . just ahead , two enormous bull moose be fight . they ram each other with six - foot- wide antler . corbett stare , transfix , admire . corbett you talk about ecology -- there it be . ( continued ) 107 continued : Eric turn , surprised at corbett 's unabash awe . catch the men' smell the moose bound away , and the spell be break . 108 ext . mining settlement - evening Viking Bob , Mitchell and lemalle head somberly back to cache . they drive along a hydraulic gold mining sluice on a nearby river and come into town . as the trapper park they jeep , some miner greet they , shouting over the roar of the water . miner # 1 where 's Ben at ? mitchell you will want to hear about it with a drink in you mitt . CUT to : 109 int . bear sign inn - cache - evening outside , a STORM rage . lemalle be drunk , but still able to stuff himself with a thick steak . Mitchell drum he finger and listen to everyone talk . with they at the bar be the miner , loggers , cat skinner ( bulldozer driver ) and some leathery women . miner # 1 ... figure , corbett get haul off by a Federal marshal . God almighty , how I hate the U.S. government . logger we should pass a hat . send corbett a few buck . we owe he . someone 's hat come off . it quickly get fill with bill . miner # 1 government and business . they ruin this state . ( be meyerl poster ) like that little weasel , for instance . woman cat driver ' people 's friend , ' my lily - white - more - ( continued ) 109 continued : woman cat driver ( cont would ) butt . I hear northland get a conservation program , up along the pipeline . logger hold it . meyerl tell I that stuff 's nothing but p.r. for the tv and papers down in juneau . lemalle he 's full of shit . we get run out of there by some fuckhead drive a northland truck . new angle Viking Bob hurry in and whisper something in Mitchell 's ear . Mitchell shoot lemalle a look and get up . the threesome hastily exit , leave behind the hat full of money . 110 int . bear sign inn Viking Bob , Mitchell and lemalle stand in a quiet corner near the front door . viking bob I call the cop in fairbank , see when Ben be stand trial . they do not know shit about Ben or wilder ! lemalle get the fuck out of here . viking bob it 's a three - hour flight . they shoulda get there yesterday . lemalle maybe they go back to Devil 's cauldron . mitchell naah , wilder know we get friend in town . viking bob that plane might have be to throw we off the track . remember the bait - and-switch wilder pull with the eskimo and he truck ? ( continued ) 110 continued : lemalle wilder still woulda make fairbank by now . fuck a duck ! Ben musta get loose . viking bob okay , let 's backtrack , try to pick up he trail . you know the kid out on the pipeline that wilder 's buddy with ? mitchell ( smile ) we be just talk about he . 111 ext . forest - campsite preparation montage - evening the STORM bring gust wind and below - zero temperature . Eric and corbett move through the storm in slow motion . both recognize the need for a truce in the face of a common enemy . the snow and wind cut through they clothing like razor . they poke around for dead wood with which to make a fire . the tree be small and healthy ; little be find . corbett ( shout over wind ) just gather birch . it will smoke like hell , but it will burn green . awestruck by the intensity of the storm , Eric tear branch from birch tree and pile they in corbett 's handcuff arm . they hurry back to the nylon tarp , strung between two tree trunk , flapping violently in the storm . hunching against the wind , Eric pull off he glove and reach in he pocket for some precious match . his finger be so cold he can not hold they , and he drop several in the wet snow . angry , he shoot a look at corbett . corbett be hold he hand inside he coat . he pull they out and quickly take the remain match from Eric . crouch down , back to the wind , corbett grasp a match between he numb finger and awkwardly strike it . he hold the flame next to the kindling . it do not catch fire immediately . corbett let the match burn out against he finger . he try another match . this time , a flame take hold but could succumb to the wind at any moment . on he knee and elbow , corbett nurse along the tiny fire . Eric can not control he shiver . he get on he knee next to corbett and hold he coat open to further baffle the wind . corbett keep he hand cup around the flame , not ( continued ) 111 continued : caring that it 's burn he skin . finally the fire begin to grow . relieved , Eric and corbett look at each other with a glimmer of a grudge mutual respect . the fire , now unattend , be smoky as corbett predict , but burn along nicely . end montage 112 ext . / int . nylon shelter - night corbett and Eric sit under the nylon shelter . the STORM rage outside . Eric empty he pocket of eskimo potato , reindeer lichen , bistsort sorrel and other plant for he dinner . corbett have fashioned a snare from he boot lace and a tree branch , and place some crush root as aromatic bait next to a small animal burrow outside the shelter . a squirrel stick he nose out of the burrow to investigate . corbett sit catlike , ready to pounce . Eric grimace as corbett yank on the snare and the squirrel 's squeal ( os ) abruptly cease . 113 int . nylon shelter corbett pull he dead dinner inside . corbett I need you pocket knife . ( Eric hesitates ) I have to eat , too . after a beat , Eric pull open the small blade on he swiss Army knife and push it with he foot to corbett . smiling , corbett admire the fancy knife . then , below frame , he skin and gut he catch . corbett ( continue ) damn lucky this storm do not blow down when we be on that baldhead mountain . it continue , we better stay put . eric it could blow over tomorrow , too . corbett I be still figure : you be either real brave or real dumb . ( continued ) 113 continued : eric I just want this over with . corbett ( laugh ) where in hell meyerl dig you up ? eric you know meyerl ? corbett sure . the people 's friend . kiss you ass with precision if there 's a vote in it . corbett eat the squirrel eskimo-style . Raw . he use the knife like a native , too , hold the meat in he tooth , then expertly cut off a mouthful with a quick slice . Eric stare , disgust . off he look : corbett ( continue ) always eat you meat raw when the weather 's cold . do you more good , long as the entrail look clean . corbett use snow and the squirrel 's fur to wipe the blood from he face , then wipe the knife off and lay it , open , next to he leg . eric I will hold onto that . with a wry smile , corbett push it back over to Eric . while Eric eat he dinner , corbett listen to the STORM and watch he eat . corbett sure love to know where you fit in up here . eric I be here to do my job . corbett you want to fool yourself about that bullshit job , fine . damn shame you have to drag you girlfriend along . you think a woman like that will be happy make moose stew for a man - more - ( continued ) 113 continued : ( 2 ) corbett ( cont would ) make you salary ? look , I will give you five grand . take the money and go home where you both belong . eric do not fuck insult I . corbett smile -- maybe he 's beginning to understand Eric . corbett folk come to Alaska for a real short list of reason : money . adventure . solitude . that cover most everyone . but frontier also draw another type of man . one with a demon in he gut . he come to the edge of the world to face that demon , and lay it to rest . eric yeah ? corbett yep . sometimes they do , but usually they end up crazy or dead . Eric ponder corbett 's word as he eat . 114 int . the turtle - night Anne Marie be frantic with worry . she have the am / fm radio on for company . radio ( vo ) ... this be " tundra topic " on kfar . remember , as the night get longer , be sure to stay on a regular sleep schedule . the depression from the come of winter that doctor call ' seasonal affective disorder ' -- or ' Arctic Blue ' to we lay folk -- be preventable . Anne Marie tune the radio to " pipeline of the North " on kiak . ( continued ) 114 continued : radio ( vo ) ( continue ) ... John byer be hospitalize in fairbank today for a infection in a abscess tooth . Mr. byer have a toothache and attempt to remove the tooth himself with a pair of plier ... suddenly , a bump rock the turtle . someone be outside . startle , Anne Marie turn the light off and look out the window . no sign of a vehicle or a person . as she pull on she parka , she glance at the big rifle lean against the wall , but do not touch it . 115 ext . the turtle her visitor , whoever it be , be behind the turtle . Anne Marie cautiously round the corner and stop dead . new angle a forage grizzly sniff around , attract by the smell of fresh carrion -- wilder . eight foot tall and eleven-hund pound , it 's use to have its way . right now , it 's hungry . with a casual swipe of its paw , its massive claw puncture the turtle 's aluminum skin , pop open the door of the utility compartment . the bear poke its head inside , and wilder 's body slump out into the snow . the bear push at the corpse with its snout . salivate , it prepare to dig in . Anne Marie look around , wonder what the hell to do next . wilder 's snowmobile be a few yard behind she , park against the side of the turtle . she inch toward it . testily , the bear look up , sniffing loudly . keeping she eye on the bear , Anne Marie feel for the snowmobile ignition key . they be not there . she feel around inside the saddlebags and find three emergency road flare . Anne Marie ignite the flare . they illuminate the area with a eerie reddish glow . she yell at the bear , wield the flare like excalibur and move forward . the bear , reluctant to leave so hearty a pre-hibernation meal , growls and cock its head back and forth to assess the threat . as Anne Marie inch ahead , the bear stand on hind leg to its full height to meet the challenge . ( continued ) 115 continued : Anne Marie toss a flare toward the bear . it grunt when the flare hit it , and shuffles backwards . Anne Marie throw another flare . with a roar from hell , the bear charge . Anne Marie fall back . still hold the last flare , she 's force into a crawl space under the turtle . angle - under the turtle Anne Marie try to squeeze out the other side , but she 's pin in by the unevenness of the hard ground . the bear swipe at she , its huge paw inch away . Anne Marie jab at the paw with the flare , but that only make the bear more quarrelsome . she twist around , look for a defense . above she be the cabling from the generator to the circuit box for the turtle 's electrical system . she tug at it , but it will not budge . the bear sniff at Anne Marie with its big wet snout . Anne Marie notice warning a sign on a control valve : ? danger !! ? black water ? untreated sewage grimace , she try to turn the valve . after much effort , it snap and open , release a stream of fetid sewage . wider the bear get a muzzle full of the stuff . howling unhappily , it back away , grunting and sneezing . greatly offended , its appetite go , it lope into the forest . Anne Marie squirm out from under the turtle and , gag from the horrible smell , pull off she wet parka . CUT to : 116 ext . wood near the turtle - series of shot - night wearing one of Eric 's coat , Anne Marie stand in the center of three similarly - size tree . a flare supplies the light . the big remington rifle lean against the tree close to she . she toss one end of a hundred foot of nylon rope over a sturdy tree branch twenty - five foot from the ground . then she throw the other end over a oppose branch and stretch the rope like a clothesline . ( continued ) 116 continued : she attaches a second length of rope perpendicular to the first and throw it over a third tree branch , midway between the other two . she kneel and tie something below frame to the cross-length rope . pull mightily on the perpendicular rope , she hoist something heavy to the level of the branch . the flare burn out , plunging the area into darkness . Anne Marie wrap the rope around the tree trunk and nervously try to light another flare . as she do , the forest seem closer , sinister , fill with lurking ogre . seize with a instinctual fear , she grab the rifle and run back to the turtle . fade to : 117 ext . endicott foothills - day the storm have pass , leave a fresh cover of powdery snow in drift like sand dune . Eric and corbett trek toward Devil 's cauldron through the ever-thicken forest . corbett have make they snow goggle by cut slit in strip of tree bark wear like sunglass . Eric , use a tree branch as a walk stick , still limp on he sore ankle . for the first time , he keep the magnum stick in he waistband . corbett there 's a cabin , maybe twenty mile south of here . eric ( kneel to adjust he ankle wrap ) too bad we be head west . corbett there 's a snowmobile . Inside a day we could be on the yukon . I get money there . remember that five thousand ? make it ten . be smart . take it and walk away . eric ( bristle ) you do not get it , do you ? corbett take advantage of Eric 's poor peripheral vision from the visor by knee Eric in the face . Eric fall backwards into the snow . corbett take off like a jackrabbit . Eric spit out some blood , shake the star out of he eye and yank the .357 from under he coat . ( continued ) 117 continued : eric ( continue ) stop ! corbett bound through the snow , dodging tree and snow - cover rock . Eric squeeze off a shot , and be startle by the recoil and the blast . he scramble to he foot and shoot again . corbett zigzag and disappear from sight over a snowbank . new angle - follow corbett corbett run over a freeze stream , invisible under a cover of snow . suddenly , the ice shatter under he . corbett be immerse in frigid , waist - deep water . he gasp from the sudden temperature drop . eric hobble after he , cussing bitterly to himself . corbett crawl to solid ground . disorient from the shock to he system , he roll over to catch he breath . wider Eric appear over a snowbank . corbett try to run , but he freeze , waterlogged leg feel like pig iron . stumble and panting , he look for a safe place to cross the stream . Eric easily catch up to he . corbett sit in the snow , shiver . he look up as Eric trot over . Eric glare at corbett and rub the bruise on he cheek . corbett nothing personal . just want to see what you would do . notice corbett 's sopping leg , Eric become furious . corbett ( continue ) have to get this wet thing off . eric you be not go to slow we down ! keep move ! ( continued ) 117 continued : ( 2 ) corbett Inside of three hour you would be drag my dead carcass . fuming , Eric help corbett up . 118 ext . endicott foothills - evening the sun sink below the horizon , create across the mountain a spectacular show of color and shadow . the wind howl . 119 int . nylon shelter Eric stoke a fire at the mouth of the shelter . corbett 's pants and boot hang to dry from branch next to it . he huddle under the tarp , cover by he coat , drowsy and listless . eric stay awake ! you want to go hypothermic ? corbett if that mean freeze my ball off , no thanks . ( yawn ) I will be okay . Eric examine he . corbett 's skin be white and rigid , he lip be pale blue . he scowl at Eric . corbett ( continue ) told you I be fine ! eric ( hold up three finger ) how many do you see ? corbett ( irritable ) what ?! fuck off . save yourself . eric you do not feel cold ? corbett it 's a spring day ... he start to doze off . the shiver he 's be repress now rack he body . Eric sit he up , closer to the fire , and put he own parka over corbett 's shoulder . with he foot , Eric roll some hot rock border the fire closer to ( continued ) 119 continued : corbett 's leg . Eric rub he arm and hand , but it be not enough . Eric loathes the specter of death , even corbett 's . he shake he , try to keep he awake . eric wake up , goddammit ! you have get classic hypothermia -- crankiness , fatigue , can not feel you coldness . worst thing you can do be fade out . corbett be head someplace far away . sigh , Eric turn he so he back face the fire . he unbutton corbett 's shirt , then unbutton he own shirt and lie across corbett . Eric gasp -- corbett feel like a slab of ice . corbett 's tooth chatter . he 's completely unconscious . eric ( continue ) one more thing -- this do not mean we be go steady . dissolve to : later , corbett rest fitfully . it could go either way . Eric chew on some root and poke at the fire to keep it lively . dissolve to : it 's night . some color have return to corbett 's skin . Eric turn as corbett mumble and clutches at the front of he shirt . his eye open . he try to sit up , but he 's too weak . eric stay still . corbett where 's my elt ? eric emergency transmitter ? all you gear be back at wilder 's . corbett you get one ? eric it be blow up with the plane . corbett too bad . we would be out of here in a few hour . ( continued ) 119 continued : ( 2 ) eric how ? nobody this far north monitor that frequency until avalanche season . ( beat ) besides , I be surprised a tough guy like you use fancy electronics . corbett I be surprised a flat - ender like you know cold - weather remedy . eric read a lot of adventure storey when I be a kid ... corbett smile . corbett I be hungry . go kill I some dinner . eric a appetite . maybe you will not die after all . corbett hate to disappoint you . 120 ext . haul road - the turtle - night the aurora make a dazzle display in the cold clear sky . below , the only light on the endless expanse of dark earth come from the turtle . closer flashlight in hand , wear one of Eric 's coat , Anne Marie refuel the generator . something catch she eye -- anne marie' Pov in the distance , headlight beam jostle along the haul Road . back to scene Anne Marie cap the diesel fuel can and stow it away . anne marie ( grin ) it 's about time ... she hurry back into the turtle . 121 int . the turtle Anne Marie brushes she hair and make herself presentable . 122 ext . the turtle the vehicle get closer . it 's the trapper ' jeep . it slow and park on the haul Road next to the turtle . 123 int . the turtle Anne Marie peer out the window . she gasp as she recognize the jeep . ducking from sight below the window , she grab Eric 's coat and hurry into the rear module . 124 ext . the turtle Mitchell stay in the jeep . Viking Bob and lemalle get out and walk cautiously toward the turtle . lemalle stand midway between the jeep and the turtle , cradling he carbine . Viking Bob go up the step . 125 int . the turtle - rear module Anne Marie remember something she should have take with she : the rifle . too late . she hear Viking Bob 's footstep ( os ) come up the wooden stair outside . 126 ext . the turtle Viking Bob knock on the front door . he peer through the sheer curtain on the window , into the front module . viking bob hullo ? he shrug to the other , then try the door . it 's unlock . Mitchell get out of the jeep , spit and follow the other in , he hand close to the colt peacemaker strapped to he leg . 127 int . the turtle Anne Marie climb out a window in the back . she close it behind she just as Viking Bob poke he head in the rear module . the trapper snoop around , notice that the coffee pot be still warm , etc . the emptiness be ominous . lemalle pick up the big remington bear rifle . he open the breech to determine if it 's load , and sniff the barrel to see if ( continued ) 127 continued : it 's recently be fire . Viking Bob notice the damage radio . viking bob somebody leave in a big hurry . ( to lemalle ) check outside . 128 ext . the turtle lemalle go outside and shine he flashlight around . new angle in the back , Anne Marie drag a evergreen tree branch behind she to cover she track in the snow , then climb into the utility compartment where wilder 's body be store . a moment later , lemalle come around the corner . he notice bear track and scat from the prior night 's visit . lemalle ( call out to other ) Grizzly sign . look fresh . Viking Bob and Mitchell converge with lemalle . they point they flashlight around , spot footprint and mark go off into the wood . 129 ext . wood near the turtle tense and silent , the trapper follow the mark . a breeze rustle the needle of the evergreen around they . they stop at the point the footprint end . a rhythmic creaking above they make lemalle shine he light upward . new angle the light reveal wilder 's foot swinging back and forth above they head . his body be suspend in the manner of a trail cache . Viking Bob let out a startle grunt . he and Mitchell shine they light on wilder 's face . mitchell it 's Sam wilder ! viking bob musta want to keep he from the bear . if Ben kill he , he sure as hell would not hang he up like this . mitchell where 's the kid ? ( continued ) 129 continued : lemalle who give a husky fuck ? where 's Ben ? the trapper look glumly at one another . 130 int . utility compartment - the turtle Anne Marie jam herself behind a pile of she photo equipment . she stop as she hear the trapper ' boot ( os ) crunch in the snow past she and go inside the turtle . 131 int . the turtle the trapper peel off they overcoat . they look around at the comfortable surroundings . mitchell I should get I a job with a oil company . he sit on the couch and lay he scrimshaw and engrave tool out on the coffee table . lemalle help himself in the well - stock larder . lemalle I say we eat , torch this fuckin ' thing , and move on . lemalle dig through the cupboard and come up with a fresh bottle of scotch . viking bob go easy . lemalle cool out . I be not about to get blast . CUT to : 132 ext . the turtle - later that night flashlight in hand , gloriously drunk , lemalle stumble outside . he cross to the jeep to grab a box of twinkies and , as long as he 's at it , take a leak in a snowbank . bleary -ey , he notice the damage to the utility compartment inflicted by the bear . he walk to it , step over the bear scat . he marvel at the size and depth of the clawmark . ( continued ) 132 continued : lemalle Big mother musta want something real bad in here ... lemalle try the door , but it 's jamme shut . he tuck he flashlight under he arm and give another tug . this time the door crack open . closer - he Pov he peer through the open and shine he flashlight in . a pair of eye stare back at he . wider lemalle jump back , startle , and pull out he knife . he try the door again . it wrench open ... ... he 's look at he own face in one of Anne Marie 's mirrore photo reflector board . letting he breath out , lemalle poke around the equipment in the compartment . ever larcenous , he pull a few item out , examine they , and , disinterested , leave they in the snow . do so , he come close to uncover Anne Marie , who sit motionless and terrify in the back of the compartment . nothing in the compartment catch lemalle 's fancy . leave the door hang open , he wander away . 133 int . utility compartment - the turtle after he 's go , Anne Marie reach over and close the door . she can hear the trapper ' ( os ) conversation inside : viking bob ( os ) I know in my gut he be here . first light , we try to get scent of he trail . sigh , Anne Marie stuff she hand inside she parka and try to get comfortable . it 's go to be a long night . fade to : 134 ext . endicott foothills - dawn Eric and corbett wearily trudge through the wood . corbett have the tarp wrap around he for extra warmth . as he walk , he sniff at one of Eric 's eskimo potato root and take a tentative nibble . ( continued ) 134 continued : corbett use to see the native eat root when I be a kid in nome . eric nome ? I figure you would be a whaler , come from there . corbett told that 's what we old man be . plann on go to sea , I and Bob , ' till I read Jack London . start trapping when I be ten . mail the fur to sear . eight buck for a skunk , three for a muskrat . ( off Eric 's look ) that be fine money . eric killing wildlife not good enough anymore , so you go on to bigger and better thing . corbett you get a knack for see thing the way you want to see they . they walk in silence . corbett tighten the tarp against the cold air and look at Eric . corbett ( continue ) do not judge I . you be a joke , come here from a fuck - up culture , tell we what to do ! eric yeah , it be fuck up -- but it 's not too late to keep that from happen here . corbett ( temper flaring ) all you do be keep folk from work the land , live like they be mean to . you do not understand shit ! trappers , hunter -- we be part of the environment . who 's protect we ? ( sourly ) I have see plenty like you . so - more - ( continued ) 134 continued : ( 2 ) corbett ( cont would ) full of yourselves there 's no room for other people 's way of life . eric what do you know about people ? you live like a animal ! a savage goddamn throwback like you belong out here , as far away from the rest of we as possible . corbett I be real sad you do not approve of I . he shove Eric with he handcuff hand . corbett ( continue ) tell I what I should do , Professor . you get all the answer . I should not hunt ? Fine , I will just phone up and have a salad deliver . livid , Eric back away and knock corbett 's hand away from he . eric do not push I ..! corbett cowardly bastard . I be in handcuffs and I still scare the piss out of you . Eric smashes he fist into corbett 's face . corbett reel back , more surprised than hurt . Eric move in , furiously throw punch . corbett plow he clench fist into Eric 's midsection , double he over . gasp , Eric ram he head into corbett and they fall into the snow . despite the handcuffs , corbett get a few blow in . they wrestle fiercely , and Eric end up on top of corbett . he 's about to throw another punch when corbett look up at he . corbett ( continue ) first you save my ass , now you want to kill I . make up you goddamn mind . ( continued ) 134 continued : ( 3 ) Eric lower he fist and climb off of corbett . corbett get up and they continue on they way in sullen silence . 135 ext . devil' cauldron - day Sunday morning . chimney smoke rise straight up in the still morning air and mingle with the wisp of fog hang above the Devil 's cauldron valley . a scratchy recording of a hymn ( " we will Gather at the River " ) play through a PA system , echoing forlornly off the hill . the people of Devil 's cauldron walk through the new snow to the center of the settlement . some , older woman mostly , head for the dance hall , where the hymn originate . 136 int . dance hall the woman sing along with the hymn . they face a shelf hold the PA , a rusty tv and record player . and , in front of the shelf , a unmanned pulpit . 137 ext . devil' cauldron the Men , include neff , split off from they mate and go into the maqi . 138 int . maqi neff join some other Men sweat on bench in the primitive steam bath . kenai sit close to the fire . his thick glass be steam up , but he finally look warm . neff wilder 's miss church service ; you believe it ? kenai I just as soon he stay go . fool could have get we all kill , arrest Ben corbett here in town . 139 ext . foothills above devil' cauldron - day exhausted , corbett and Eric climb across the last set of foothills before the Devil 's cauldron valley . the town come into view below they ; faintly the music carry from below . corbett look at Eric and break the silence : corbett what make you so sure my boy will not be wait for we ? ( continued ) 139 continued : eric they think you be in fairbank . if not , they still will not find you before the plane come tomorrow . corbett do not bet on it . eric I already have . corbett you do not know how true that be . Eric sweep the snow from between two rock and sit down . eric we will wait here until nightfall . no fire , no tarp . corbett sit next to he . after a long moment : corbett do not mean it , you be a coward . you be a lot of thing , but chickenshit be not one of they . eric maybe ... maybe not . I will tell you what scare I -- stumbling through life , like a ordinary jerk . that 's why I want to work on the front line , where what I do mean something . ( beat ) soon as I get here , I realize my job be bullshit . oil company propaganda . I be ready to leave , then I think screw it , I will outsmart they , do the work anyway . ( beat ) I do not know anymore . maybe I be fool myself . that 's what I be afraid of most of all . corbett Hell , I still get a knot in my gut every season , wonder how much longer I can go on . no ' Home for retired trappers ' that - more - ( continued ) 139 continued : ( 2 ) corbett ( cont would ) I ever see . we be like eskimos -- get too old to be useful , we be leave on the ice to die . the man listen to the faint music echoing through the silent foothills . corbett ( continue ; softly ) my wife use to go to chapel on Sunday . see she friend , ' cause I be away so much . ( beat ) should have be home that day . she would be get dress right about now ... Eric glance over as a look of utter desolation cross corbett 's face . 140 ext . haul road - the turtle - day the trapper file out the front door . viking bob my guess be he 's loose and head for chukfoktulik . he will need supplies ; that 's the close settlement without a lawman . lemalle carry he booty with he . Viking Bob look at he disapprovingly as he put the big remington rifle in the jeep . lemalle I be not gonna leave a seven - hundred - dollar remington behind . viking bob ( exasperate ) what you gonna do with it ? large bore 's for shit on small game . lemalle not in the right hand it be not . to demonstrate , he rapid-fire several shot from the hip , take the radio antenna off the roof of the turtle , shatter pane of glass in a accurate succession , and blast the door latch off the utility compartment . ( continued ) 140 continued : please , lemalle slam back the bolt , eject a spend shell . he glance curiously at the door of the utility compartment and start toward it . lemalle ( continue ) think that door be open last night ... viking bob quit fuck around . get in . lemalle climb into the back of the jeep . with Viking Bob drive , they pull away . 141 ext . trappers ' jeep - ( moving shot ) grinning maliciously , lemalle hang the remington out the window as they retreat . take careful aim , he shoot . 142 ext . the turtle lemalle 's bullet hit the metal fuel tank of the generator . the kerosene fume explode , splattering burning kerosene on the rear module of the turtle . the trapper do not slow down to enjoy the show . Viking Bob hurry on to more important business . 143 int . utility compartment - the turtle as soon as the SOUND of the jeep fade away , Anne Marie clamber out of the utility compartment . haggard and numb with cold , she helplessly watch as the fire ravenously devour the rear module . shield she face from the flame , Anne Marie reach under the accordion cover between the module . with great effort , she unbolt the coupling bracket . 144 int . diesel rig - the turtle Anne Marie start the engine , slam it into gear , and lurch the front module away from the burn rear module . she shut the motor off and , try to hold back the tear , watch the rear module burning . dissolve to : 145 ext . devil' cauldron - night bone weary , Eric and corbett walk toward town , stay on the outskirt to avoid be see . they look at one another -- this moment seem impossible not very long ago . no one seem to notice as they limp into wilder 's cabin . 146 int . wilder' cabin it 's dark . Eric lock corbett up in the hold cell , not notice that corbett seem almost pleased to be there . he block the window , pump up the pressure on the white gas lantern and head back outside again . 147 int . neff.s house neff pries himself from he MTV to answer a knock at the door . Eric hobble in . neff note Eric 's weatherbeaten condition . neff you do not mind I say , Mr. desmond , you look like hell . eric have you hear anything from the girl stay with I , Anne Marie ? neff not a damn thing . what 's go on ? Mr. meyerl be here , all steam up , look for you . eric look , neff , I have get Ben corbett with I -- neff -- here ?! where 's wilder ? eric back at my place ... he , uh , break he leg . neff if corbett 's man find out -- eric -- I be put he on the plane to fairbank , eleven tomorrow . neff jiminy Christmas . ( beat ) what do you want from I ? eric corbett ruin my two -way . go to my place on the haul Road , tell Anne Marie I be okay and to sit tight . ( continued ) 147 continued : neff I will go at dawn . eric thanks . do not tell anyone you see I . after Eric go , neff close he door and bolt it . 148 ext . devil' cauldron - various angle - night the temperature dip as the wind shift and blow down from the north . another storm approach . the temperate day of last week seem age ago . kenai , neff , and other townsmen batten Devil 's cauldron down for the STORM . kenai be bundle up in the cold . the man tighten guy wire on the radio tower , windmills and cache ; bring firewood indoors ; close off unused room in the general store and spa . then neff and kenai split off from the other . 149 int . hot spring spa via a catwalk , neff and kenai climb up into the ceiling strut above the partition cubicle in the spa to caulk a roof leak with pitch . neff be sullen from he conversation with Eric . kenai , however , be smile at neff . neff why the smirk ? kenai Bet I could make some money turn Ben corbett in . maybe more for lettin ' he loose . ( off neff 's flustered look ) I be up in my cache . saw the northland man come talk to you . neff you be out of you greedy goddamn mind . kenai corbett come here stink of trouble . we should make the best of it before it turn around and bite we in the ass . neff stay out of it . 150 int . wilder be cabin - night Eric stir a pot of bean on the cookstove . corbett watch from the cot in the cell . corbett talk to that good - look girl of yours ? eric you break the radio , remember ? corbett ( smile ) I be sure she 's fine . seem like a clever kid . corbett sit up as Eric hand he a plate of bean . corbett ( continue ) you be real resourceful out there . get I think of this perimeter man , froze all he finger one winter . so he hack the tip off and sharpen the expose bone . get along better than ever . yeah , maybe I underestimate you . eric I like you better freeze . you do not talk so much . corbett you be damn lucky , glimpsing this country before it 's ruin , go for good . you see wonder you would only dream of . that alone make you different than the sorry bastard back where you come from , because you have dreamt they . corbett see he 's hit a nerve with Eric . corbett ( continue ) remember that demon in the gut ? sometimes it 's nothing more than wonder if the so-called civilized life have breed the ball and brain out of you . that 's what you want out of this , be not it ? ( continued ) 150 continued : eric all I want want be you in jail -- a knock at the door interrupt . Eric lower the flame on the gas lantern and peer out through a corner of the cardboard in the front window . frown , he crack the door open and slip outside . 151 ext . wilder' cabin it 's neff and kenai . neff look guiltily at Eric . neff ( explain ) he see you and corbett come in ... kenai Dixie 's wait at the infirmary . she will put a splint on that injure leg . Eric be skeptical of kenai 's concern . neff do not let he fool you . Real reason he 's here be to buy corbett 's trap . Eric look at kenai , then at neff . neff nod that it 's okay . as extra precaution , Eric handcuffs corbett 's right wrist to the frame of the cot inside the cell . eric ( to kenai ) okay . you can talk to he . but I will keep the key with I . 152 int . hot spring spa - night outside the wind howl . Eric enter and walk into the hallway connect the bath partition . a hand grab he arm . startle , he turn around . it 's Dixie , wear a threadbare flannel robe . dixie Earl say you get discount . twenty - five dollar . Eric shake he head -- typical kenai . he give she three ten . she smile and lead Eric toward the " infirmary . " it 's actually a bath partition outfit with a examine table and a first - aid kit . 153 int . wilder be cabin - night neff pace nervously . corbett smile at he and kenai . neff ( apologetically ) look , Ben , we do not want any trouble . the kid 's get the key , and besides , he look edgy enough to use that magnum he 's carry . corbett relax . I will get loose in time . kenai any trap you do not want , I will pay cash money . corbett guess someone should use they . open the bottom drawer in wilder 's desk . my kit 's in there . might as well unload everything . kenai tug on the drawer . it 's lock . undaunted , he jimmy it open with a knife . neff groan . kenai go to throw corbett the duffel bag , but neff grab it . he check for weapon , pull out a hunt knife . satisfied , he hand corbett the bag through the bar . with he free hand , corbett dig through he belonging : clothing , freeze - dry provision , jerky , paperback book . he look up and shrug . 154 int . hot spring spa - night Eric 's ankle be in a resin cast . his foot rest on a stool . while wait for the cast to set he soak in the bathtub , a hot towel drape over he face . above he , on a wall bracket , a close circuit tv play a war- surplus porno film . the door creak open and Dixie come in . she impassively check he cast -- which be interesting , as she 's now wear panty , clog shoe and nothing else . Eric take the towel off he face and sit up , astonished . dixie I wash you back for you . you will like it . before Eric can protest , the door open again . it 's meyerl . he snap he finger at Dixie to shoo she and she scurries away . ( continued ) 154 continued : meyerling I hate to interrupt playtime , but why the hell be you catch up in a local matter when I give you express instruction to the contrary ?! eric cut the shit , Leo . I might need you help ... 155 ext . chukfoktulik , alaska - night consist of a handful of sod-roof cabin , mostly bar , chukfoktulik be a way station in the coniferous forest , sixty mile southeast of Devil 's cauldron . 156 int . trappers ' jeep with the seat push back , lemalle peel the town 's lone whore out of she parka . he 's get the motor run for warmth . her gold tooth glint in the light from the building next to they . the locating screen on the beat - up radio beacon receiver bolt to the dash glow phosphorescent green . whore they get nice bed upstairs , honey . lemalle I be standin ' guard duty . besides , rather spend the room money on sloppy second . over the sound of lemalle 's exertion there begin a insistent succession of beeps . the Whore look over lemalle 's shoulder at the locating device . whore hey , Tiger -- lemalle turn and immediately lose interest in the Whore . push she off of he , he blow the jeep 's horn three time . 157 int . hot spring spa - night Eric and meyerl be in the middle of a argument . eric ... I will not let a killer walk ! ( continued ) 157 continued : meyerling allege killer . eric what do this matter to you ? meyerling ( sneering ) you can not see past you lousy little assignment , sniff around the pipeline . the few voter there be in this district look up to corbett , and I be not about to alienate they . eric I should release corbett because you want some vote ? meyerling this miserable wilderness be a state of the union . policy 's make here the same way as in the civilized world : at the ballot box . that 's the beauty of it -- this icebox cowboy be live a century too late . get they on you side , it 's like buy Manhattan for bead . with a handful of vote you control the great frontier since white man stumble onto the New World . eric some day this people will wake up , and you will be the first one they will run out of here . Eric 's attention turn to a rhythmic interference on the tv screen . there be three short burst , follow by three long burst . something about it be very familiar . scowl , he sit up . eric ( continue ) shit ... ( to meyerl ; distract ) do what you have to . so will I . Eric climb out of the water and pull he pants on . 158 int . wilder be cabin - night kenai sort through the tangle of corbett 's trap . the door burst open and Eric hobble in . gun draw , Eric unlock the cell door . he rip corbett 's shirt open . look around , he see corbett 's duffel bag sit by the cot . digging through it , he find at the bottom of the bag a elt with a small red LED flash on it . furious , he fling it against the wall , smash it . 159 int . trappers ' jeep - chukfoktulik - night the green dot on the screen and rhythmic bleep go suddenly dead , just as Viking Bob and Mitchell run up to the jeep . lemalle Northwest . Devil 's cauldron . lemalle dump the half - naked Whore out onto the snow . Viking Bob start the jeep and they roar off . 160 int . wilder be cabin - night Eric shove kenai and neff out the door . neff what 's wrong ? eric just stay out of my face until I be go ! he slam the door . corbett smile he cheshire smile . eric ( continue ; pick up elt ) emergency transmitter ? what happen to signal mirror or two - tone smoke fire ? corbett let we watch each other 's back over a wide area . only thing mess I up this time be get arrest in the bath . elt be in my duffel bag , not around my neck where it should have be . eric no way they will find you on a five- minute signal . and no way - more - ( continued ) 160 continued : eric ( cont would ) they will get here in eight hour in this weather , unless they be right around the corner . corbett they have not disappointed I yet . 161 ext . devil' cauldron - dawn fat , dry snowflake pour through the still air . gloomy cloud hang immediately overhead . visibility be ten foot ; the temperature be below zero . 162 int . wilder' cabin it 's 5:30 am . sitting at wilder 's desk , Eric pries the top from some bullet and dump the gunpowder into a styrofoam cup . he ring the top of the cup with bluetip match , then seal it with mask tape . watch he from the cell , corbett smile . corbett flashbomb , eh ? Eric do not answer . he pull on a heavy overcoat of wilder 's . put the unused bullet back in wilder 's desk , Eric find corbett 's .44 magnum . he put it and some speedloader full of .357 hollowpoint in he pocket . 163 ext . / int . devil' cauldron - montage Eric hobble across town to the hot spring under cover of the early hour and heavy snowfall . he pace out several circuitous route from the rental cabin to the airstrip at the edge of town , pause now and again along the way . he hear a door squeak open and someone cough nearby , so he stand motionless in the snow . bundle in wool blanket , kenai trundle down to he outhouse . after kenai pass by , Eric sneak inside the spa . he climb up into the catwalk . as kenai go back to he cabin , he notice that the antique bear trap on display in front of the general store be miss . suddenly , Eric grab he and pull he into the spa doorway . end montage 164 int . hot spring spa Eric 's unexpected appearance startles kenai . eric I need to rent a cabin . kenai what 's the problem with Sam wilder 's place ? eric will you rent I a cabin , or not ? kenai pretty clever : if the trapper get that signal beacon and get here in time , Sam 's be the first place they will look . they may figure you be wait for a airplane , so you can not stay in the shack by the airstrip . last place they would expect you be on the far side of town . ( shake he head ) I can not afford any trouble -- eric ( take out all he cash ) -- here 's a hundred dollar . and if you or anyone else will back I up on this -- kenai ( grab money ) -- forget it . and try not to bleed on my throw rug . ( walk away , then turn back ) why do this ? eric if you have to ask , you would not understand . new angle outside , there be the high -pitch whine of a snowmobile ( os ) drive into town . Eric cautiously follow the SOUND . 165 ext . devil' cauldron - close on eric he listen as the vehicle cut across town toward neff 's house . the snowfall be too thick to see who it be . Eric ( continued ) 165 continued : move in as close as he dare . the engine stop ( os ) and footstep crunch up neff 's driveway . wider angle - neff.s house a person in a hood parka stand on neff 's stoop , about to knock . Magnum draw , Eric suddenly appear from the curtain of fall snow . he shove the person against the side of the house . new angle it 's Anne Marie . she gasp . see Eric , she 's more angry than relieved . Eric put the gun back in he waistband . anne marie Eric ! why be not you in fairbank ? he pull she away from neff 's doorstep . her anger dissolve , she wrap she arm around he . anne marie ( continue ) oh , Christ , sweetheart . four day ! I think you be dead , or worse . eric you can not stay here . go back to the turtle . I will meet you back there in a few hour . anne marie ( stung by he coolness ) what 's go on ? eric I will tell you everything later . anne marie where 's corbett ? eric here . a transport plane be due at eleven . once I put he on it , it 's all over . anne marie so what 's the problem ? ( continued ) 165 continued : ( 2 ) eric there be not one , unless corbett 's man get here before the plane do . Anne Marie grasp the situation with a sicken clarity . anne marie let the people here handle it . it 's they marshal corbett kill ! cutaway - neff have be eavesdropp on the conversation through he window . the news about wilder stun he . back to scene eric please , Anne Marie , you be here only complicate thing . anne marie I be stay . Eric know she will not relent . eric take the snowmobile , park it behind wilder 's cabin . sigh , she start the snow machine . most of she photo gear be lash to the saddlebags . as she pull away , Eric limp back to neff 's house and knock on the door . int . neff.s house shaken , neff open the door and let Eric in . neff I be just on my way to you ladyfriend 's , but I guess she find you . eric yeah . sorry I bark at you last night . neff I be the one should be sorry ... goddamn kenai , always out for a score . I never should have let he go over there . ( continued ) 165 continued : ( 3 ) eric I would sure like that favor you offer a while back . neff get a seasick look on he face . neff look , Mr. desmond , I do not count on it turn this ugly . eric what be you talk about ? neff bastard kill Sam , you think they will not kill the rest of we ? eric there will be three , four man at the most . I have some backup , nothing will happen . neff I be real sorry . in a while , you be go from this country . but we live here . no one want to mix it up with that hombre . neff open the door for Eric . eric ( angry ) you do not care enough about Sam to -- neff -- Sam wilder be my cousin . he 's why I come to Alaska . all he letter , say what a paradise it be . but I end up dead will not do Sam a lick of good . 166 ext . wilder' cabin Anne Marie wait in front as Eric hobble up . she look at he bad ankle . anne marie you be hurt . eric nothing break . c'mon , we have to hurry . he lead she inside . 167 int . wilder' cabin corbett be calmly recline on the cot in the hold cell . corbett could have tell you no one would help ... see Anne Marie , he smile . corbett ( continue ; to Anne Marie ) maybe you can talk sense into you boyfriend . eric shut up ! corbett ( to Anne Marie ) either way , you better clear out . I do not want anyone innocent get harme . this comment have the intend effect on Anne Marie . angry , Eric throw corbett a coat . corbett put it on . reaching through the bar , Eric cuff corbett 's hand together . eric we be move . let 's go . as they exit , corbett 's sardonic look make Anne Marie shiver . 168 int . rental cabin the ten-by-ten cabin be furnish with two sagging cot , a beat - up color tv set , a cookstove and a half - drum heat stove . built into the rear wall be a rustic dumb waiter that once lower perishable into the icy water of a now - dry stream . Eric check he watch . 6:15 am . he bolt the door and block the window , open one enough to let sound in from outside . he extinguish the benman lantern and douse the fire in the heat stove so no smoke will emit from the chimney . Anne Marie slump into the corner next to the dumb waiter . eric you will catch a chill by that dumb waiter shaft . sit on the cot . ( hand she the .44 ) keep this point at he if I get preoccupy . ( continued ) 168 continued : Anne Marie reluctantly take the huge gun . try to allay she fear , Eric sit and brushes the hair from she face . corbett intently watch they . before he can say anything , Eric shoot he a cold look . corbett stay quiet . 169 ext . / int . devil' cauldron - various angle - day a pall hang over the town . people know to stay inside . time crawl by . in he house , neff , for once , have he tv turn off . he try to read and listen for sound outside . in the spa , water drip somewhere . all the stall be empty . in he sod house , kenai look out he one tiny window at the curtain of snow . Dixie come up behind he and put she hand on he shoulder . he look up at she , glum . in wilder 's empty cabin , he belonging be scattered about as if expect he imminent return . in the rental cabin , Eric check he watch . 10:45 am . 170 ext . devil' cauldron - near wilder' cabin - day the sound of a motor grow in volume , then abruptly cease . the trapper ' jeep appear in the snowfall on the road into town . it coast quietly in and stop behind the cover of a woodpile across from wilder 's cabin . the trapper get out of the jeep . lemalle have Eric 's remington , Mitchell have he peacemaker , and Viking Bob carry lemalle 's old carbine . Mitchell spit . it 's so cold outside that the spittle freeze and crack before it hit the ground . they fan out and approach wilder 's cabin . angle with trappers the cabin come more clearly into view as the trapper move closer . there be no sign of life . Viking Bob gesture for the other , now position on either side of the cabin , to crouch down for cover . viking bob ( call out ) ben? Ben corbett ? no response . carbine hold at he hip , Viking Bob walk up to the door and , with a mighty kick , break it in . ( continued ) 170 continued : reverse angle - through wilder' cabin door Viking Bob point the carbine at a empty room . he notice , however , corbett 's duffel bag on the floor of the cell . 171 ext . devil' cauldron the trapper march through town like a advance army , look for some sign of corbett . lemalle stop to dig through he pocket for some food . all he come up with be the stump of a candy bar . Viking Bob look at he impatiently . viking bob look , we pull Ben 's ass out of the fire , I will get you a whole damn crate of snicker bar . lemalle ( insulted ) I be right fuckin ' here with you . to prove he point , lemalle trot from dwelling to dwelling , look through window and let himself in through any unlock door . this prove fruitless , so he let out a frustrated yell . point the remington skyward , he let off a couple thunderous shot that echo back off the foothills . 172 int . rental cabin hear the shot , Eric push Anne Marie against the floor . caution she to stay put , he crawl to the window and try to see through the snowfall . after a moment of silence , from outside , not too far away : lemalle ( os ) Ben ! speak out before I torch every dump in town ! Eric point the magnum at corbett . eric answer and I will shoot ! corbett you kill I , you sign you death warrant . ( be Anne Marie ) and hers . 173 ext . devil' cauldron - near maqi Viking Bob and Mitchell come run over to lemalle . lemalle fire another couple shot for emphasis . lemalle ( call out ) you hear I ? Ben ? viking bob ( to lemalle ) ease off . we do this my way . he and the other strain they ear for a clue . viking bob ( continue ; call out ) whoever 's hold Ben corbett , listen to I : we just want to know he 's okay . he be , nobody get hurt . 174 int . rental cabin his mind racing , Eric stare at corbett . despite the freezing temperature of the room , he 's sweat . corbett they know I be here . I do not say something , they will plow this town under . you willing to accept that responsibility ? setting he resolve , Eric drag corbett to the window . he push the barrel of the magnum against corbett 's cheek . eric say you be okay . tell they I will kill you if they rush we . Anne Marie bite she lip and try to maintain a brave front . despite the gun in he face , corbett remain calm . corbett ( shout through window ) Bob ? 175 ext . devil' cauldron - near maqi hear corbett 's voice , the trapper spin around , try to ascertain its direction . corbett ( os ) relax . I get a nervous man here with a magnum up my nose . ( continued ) 175 continued : the trapper follow he voice toward the rental cabin . viking bob you in one piece ? corbett ( os ) I be fine . look forward to see you ... viking bob Count on it . 176 int . rental cabin Eric pull corbett away from the window . he shoot a look at Anne Marie . they be in a bind and she know it . 177 ext . devil' cauldron - near maqi lemalle grab Viking Bob 's arm . lemalle ( to Viking Bob ) sweet - talk will not get shit . ( call out ) choose it , asswipe -- cut corbett loose , or soon as you come outside , I put a fuckin ' bullet through you eye ! 178 int . rental cabin Eric glance at corbett , whose grim look certify lemalle 's boast . corbett snow 's to they advantage , kid . you can not see they , but soon as that plane come , they will sure as hell know where we be go . Wise up . take I to the yukon . I will give you that money and guarantee you will walk away . eric why offer a buyoff with you gunman wait outside ? corbett the time have pass for man like they and I . I know it . but they be still fight for survival , like cornere animal . that 's why they will kill you . - more - ( continued ) 178 continued : corbett ( cont would ) ( smile ) be rude to let that happen after you keep I from freezing back there . Anne Marie try to hide how tempt she be by corbett 's offer . anne marie ( to Eric ) he 's right about the snow . we be blind . Eric sigh -- be she against he , too ? from outside : viking bob ( os ) Ben ? the trapper be obviously much closer . Eric signal to corbett not to answer . new angle Eric and corbett face the window . they do not notice as Anne Marie quietly shimmy outside through the narrow dumb waiter shaft to the back of the rental cabin . Eric turn , gasp as he realize she 's go . corbett smile sardonically . corbett at least you girl have the sense to jump ship . too bad she 's the only one small enough to fit through that dumb waiter . 179 ext . devil' cauldron - follow anne marie use the cover of the snowfall , Anne Marie circle around the outside edge of town toward wilder 's cabin . she take some of she photo gear from the snowmobile . 180 ext . devil' cauldron - near maqi unaware of Anne Marie 's maneuver , the trapper wait for a response from corbett . none come . Viking Bob place a calming hand on lemalle 's shoulder . viking bob just wait , we do not know what this guy 's up to . be n'll let we know what to do . 181 ext . devil' cauldron - antenna tower with a camera bag sling over she shoulder , Anne Marie climb up the metal antenna tower behind neff 's house on the edge of town . she grit she tooth and fight back a wave of vertigo . the ground disappear from sight , hide by the snow and fog . fifty foot up , she attaches she infrared video camera to the tower crossbar and , use a length of coaxial cable , hook its rf output to the feedline of the community tv antenna . 182 int . rental cabin Eric look at he watch . 10:55 am . 183 ext . devil' cauldron - near maqi a cracking twig behind the cabin get the trapper ' attention . clutch he rifle , lemalle go to investigate . with lemalle as he probe through the snow , listen . he reach the edge of the wood and , find nothing , return to the other . new angle Anne Marie crouch behind a tree , twenty foot behind lemalle . after a moment , she tiptoe back toward the rental cabin . 184 int . rental cabin Eric and corbett turn as Anne Marie 's camera bag suddenly drop from the dumb waiter shaft . Anne Marie wriggle back inside . before Eric can say anything , she put she finger over he mouth . she turn on the tv set and tune it to channel 3 . angle on tv a fuzzy image come into view . it 's Devil 's cauldron from the vantage of Anne Marie 's infrared video camera . the fall snow show up as a translucent yellow wash over the scene . building be distinguishable as bluish silhouettes . heat - produce object -- warm wall , chimney smoke , etc . -- be pink and red . and there be three clearly - definable human figure stand near the maqi . the trapper . back to scene corbett be amaze . Eric smile at Anne Marie . ( continued ) 184 continued : eric you infrared camera ? anne marie ( nod ) Technology in the wilderness . only problem be talk to you on you way to the landing strip . eric I have get a idea . we will have to work fast . he dig through Anne Marie 's bag of equipment and supplies , then stop and look up . outside , there be a os SOUND that be feel before it be heard . the cargo plane approach in the distance . 185 ext . devil' cauldron - near maqi the trapper look at each other as the SOUND of the plane grow louder . viking bob there 's what they be wait on ! mitchell ( smile tightly ) they will have to come right past we . 186 ext . rental cabin Eric quietly pull the door open . holding the pistol to corbett 's head , he push corbett out in front of he . Anne Marie and Eric exchange a long look . Fighting back tear , she reach up and touch he face . eric when you run off , I think you would keep go ' till you be back home in Washington . anne marie my home be here . with you . he smile . then he and corbett be go , lose from sight in the snowfall . after a beat , Anne Marie take a deep breath and slink away in the other direction , toward the dance hall . ( continued ) 186 continued : angle near the maqi the trapper wait , twenty - five foot from Eric and corbett . the drone of the plane grow louder . eric and corbett start toward the airstrip . corbett see a patch of bare dirt and scuff he foot in it . angle near maqi the trapper turn to the SOUND , hear under the rumble of the still - distant plane . converge , they head in that direction . suddenly , Anne Marie 's voice boom through the town : anne marie ( os ) ( over PA ) they be move toward you ! wider Eric shoot a couple time , then backtrack and pull corbett behind one of the rental cabin . ducking the bullet , the trapper sprawl onto the ground . 187 int . dance hall Anne Marie have turn on the rusty tv near the pulpit . while watch the infrared image of the action outside , she hold the microphone wire to the old PA . angle - the trappers Viking Bob gesture to Mitchell and lemalle to separate . anne marie ( os ) ( over PA ) they be fan out . angry , lemalle blast he rifle in direction of she voice . lemalle ( to Viking Bob ) kenai 's PA -- but how the fuck she seein ' we ? viking bob do not matter . we know where they be go . c'mon . stalk , anxious , lemalle follow Viking Bob . ( continued ) 187 continued : mitchell split off from they and look for footprint in the snow . 188 ext . alley Eric push corbett through a narrow pass between two building in the center of town . he walk in corbett 's footprint . almost through to the other side , he suddenly stop . pull corbett with he , Eric walk backwards , still carefully place each foot in a exist footprint . corbett can not help but smile . 189 int . dance hall watch the tv screen , Anne Marie see one of the red blip change direction and head toward she . anne marie ( into mic ) one be move back toward the cabin . 190 ext . dance hall it 's lemalle . he cross to kenai 's generator . with a well - place rifle shot to its innard , he grind it to a halt . 191 int . dance hall the tv picture disappear as the power die . Anne Marie key the PA microphone ; it 's dead , too . 192 ext . alley Eric and corbett emerge from between the building . Eric backtrack toward the hot spring spa , now leave a obvious trail . 193 ext . hot spring spa Eric and corbett go inside . Eric pull the door close behind they , but leave it ajar . 194 int . kenai' house the drone of the approach plane be ever louder . kenai stand and pull on a succession of sweater . Dixie look at he . dixie Earl , it 's crazy to go out there . ( continued ) 194 continued : kenai I hear someone in the spa . he strap on a holster under he sealskin coat . 195 ext . devil' cauldron - airstrip - long shot the big 4 - prop plane be about to touch down on the far side of the snow - cover airstrip . 196 int . dance hall Anne Marie zip up she parka and cautiously go outside . 197 ext . hot spring spa lemalle follow the footprint to the door Eric leave ajar . he peer inside . 198 int . hot spring spa it 's tomb-quiet except for water dripping and pipe creaking . lemalle look around . the sound of a small ding against metal above he get he attention . he see a fleeting shadow cut across the catwalk above he . he find a metal ladder , sling he rifle over he shoulder and climb up . hear another SOUND on the far side of the catwalk , he hurry across , hold onto the pipe for balance . lemalle be directly above the huge central pool . he duck to go under a long piece of twine run from the ceiling to a dark corner below . suddenly , the twine snap tight , pull open a heavy trap door on the ceiling . the door swing down and knock lemalle off the catwalk . with a yelp , he splashes into the water below . new angle Hidden in the shadow , Eric drop the end of the twine and rush toward the front door with corbett in tow . eric ( to corbett ) that will keep he out of the cold . lemalle climb out of the central pool , soak . he pull he wet jacket off and furiously throw it down . 199 ext . hot spring spa Eric lead corbett around the back of the spa . a gunshot ring out nearby and a bullet hit the wall above Eric 's head . mitchell have see they faint silhouettes through the snow . he purposely shoot over they head so he do not hit corbett . angle behind hot spring spa Eric and corbett crouch down and double back . they be once again swallow up by the snowfall . 200 ext . alley Viking Bob follow they footprint in between the building . he continue to a point where they converge to one set , then stop . he smile at the naivete of Eric 's ploy . look at the boardwalk railing above , he assume Eric and corbett have swing over it onto the iced - over boardwalk . please with he deduction , Viking Bob continue along the alley . SNAP ! Viking Bob let out a horrible howl and fall on he back in the snow . bite into he right calf be a huge conibear leg trap . in extreme pain , he struggle to lever it open with the barrel of he rifle . 201 ext . kenai' general store corbett shoot Eric a dangerous look as Viking Bob 's cry carry though the town . eric he will live . 202 ext . alley hear Viking Bob 's cry , Mitchell backtrack and rush to Viking Bob 's aid . between they , they manage to yawn open the jaw of the trap and free Viking Bob 's leg . Viking Bob try to walk but the leg will not support he -- the bone be break . bitterly frustrated , he wave Mitchell on . in agony , Viking Bob ease down in the snow . he tear a strip of lining from he coat and wrap he leg to stop the bleed . 203 ext . hot spring spa Anne Marie scurries by on she way to the airstrip . suddenly , the hot spring door burst open and lemalle lunge at she . stripped of he wet clothes , he 's wrap ( continued ) 203 continued : in blanket and fur , he foot protect by sack lash to they . his wet body and hair steam in the frigid air . Anne Marie let out a startle cry and spring away from he . she fall hard on she back , knock she wind out . scramble for foot in the snow , lemalle drop he rifle . he come at she again . Anne Marie move away and pull the .44 magnum out . lemalle stop and glare at she . anne marie ( gasp ) do not make I shoot . she get up , keep the magnum point shakily toward he . lemalle glower menacingly . anne marie ( continue ) we be go to Sam 's cabin . you can stay in the jail until this be over . lemalle slowly crouch down for he rifle . Anne Marie wield the handgun at he , but he do not stop . lemalle want to chance it with that hog-leg ? you can not even hold it up . better drop I first shot , bitch , or I will rip you fuckin ' lung out . taunting , sneering , lemalle stare she down . Anne Marie be paralyze . feeling that he 's win , lemalle wrap he bony finger around the stock of the remington . Anne Marie close she eye and fire . pull the rifle close , lemalle tuck and roll and jump to he foot . Anne Marie fire again , and again . shot , lemalle hobble away , leave a trail of blood in the snow . numb , Anne Marie let she arm fall . 204 ext . boardwalk near wilder' cabin Eric look around at the sound of the shoot , fear the worst . he pull corbett off the boardwalk and they cut across open ground toward the airstrip depot . 205 int . hot spring spa kenai look around at the messy result of lemalle 's ransack for thing to wear . kenai turn , startle , when he hear footstep . it 's neff and meyerl . ( continued ) 205 continued : kenai ( disgust ) lookit this damn mess . where in hell 's wilder ? neff ( after a beat ) Dead . trappers kill he . kenai aw , Jesus . told you this be trouble . ( to meyerl ) what about you , big shot ? do something . who 's side be you on , anyway ? meyerling hey , I think you people love corbett and he wild man ! kenai this shoot - them - up shit be bad for business . I be sick of it . meyerling what about you , neff ? neff well ... two of the trapper be down already -- meyerling ( suddenly on the bandwagon ) -- one leave ; three of we . let 's finish it . neff what about Eric desmond ? meyerling I will handle he . 206 ext . yard behind airstrip depot through the snow , Eric can see the faint outline of the plane on the runway . he and corbett hurry toward the back of the airstrip depot . as they wend they way through the junk - fill yard , Eric catch a glimpse of movement around a corner , reflected in a pane of glass lean against a roll of tar paper . ( continued ) 206 continued : eric be Pov - reflection peacemaker in hand , Mitchell be behind the depot , come right for they . wider Eric take out the homemade flashbomb . he light it , toss it toward Mitchell and cover he eye . it explode with a muffle pop and a bright flash of white light . Mitchell stumble backwards and blink he eye . the flash have temporarily cloud he vision . Eric move corbett to another approach to the depot and wait for Mitchell to move on . 207 ext . rear wall of airstrip depot Mitchell be about to do just that when a hand on he shoulder stop he . it 's lemalle , oblivious to the profuse bleed from he right shoulder . Mitchell blink , still have trouble see . lemalle gesture for he to be quiet and point in Eric and corbett 's direction . lemalle ( whisper ) over there ... he hoist he remington . mitchell ( whisper ) hold it . you might hit Ben . lemalle bullshit . I hit what I be aim at . mitchell let them come closer first ... but lemalle be too anxious . he swing the rifle up , left-handed , and shoot . new angle the bullet just miss Eric . he panic and wildly return FIRE with the .357 . 208 ext . rear wall of airstrip depot Mitchell and lemalle scatter under the hail of bullet . ( continued ) 208 continued : angle on eric and corbett as they hear lemalle 's labor footstep run past they , nearby . Eric peer cautiously around the corner toward the depot . there be no further movement . Eric wait a moment , then lead corbett cautiously toward the depot . 209 ext . rear wall of airstrip depot reaching the rear wall , they practically stumble over something . it 's Mitchell , lie on the ground near the wall , badly wounded by Eric 's barrage . Eric gasp . anguish , corbett kneel next to Mitchell . Mitchell pull he closer . mitchell glad to see you be okay . I tell lemalle not to shoot . ( try to smile ) have some fine season , do not we ... Mitchell 's grasp on corbett 's coat relax as he die . horrify , Eric stare at the man he kill . notice the scrimshaw lie on the snow where it slip from Mitchell 's pocket , corbett pick it up . corbett ( to Eric ) Fifteen year on the trail with this man , I never see he rise to anger . glaring at Eric , corbett dip he hand in Mitchell 's blood , and suddenly smear it across Eric 's mouth . repelled , Eric pull back . corbett ( continue ; bitterly ) you first kill . how do it taste ? wiping he face , sicken and desolate , Eric have no reply . wider then , from somewhere close by , lemalle fire at they . Eric stuff the .357 in he belt and use a brick to knock the padlock off the back door of the depot . he push corbett inside . 210 int . cargo plane - cockpit the pony-taile , ex-hippie pilot shut he engine off and remove he walkman headphone . hear lemalle 's continue gunshot , the Pilot pull he door close and turn on he two - way radio . pilot ( into radio mic ) Circle , this be bmy - 955 . I just touch down in Devil 's cauldron . nobody 's here to greet I like usual , and there 's gunfire . I be get scarce . with that , he start he engine up again . CUT to eric in depot who turn , startle , when he hear the engine cough to life os . 211 int . cargo plane - cockpit the Pilot fiddle with he control and prepare to take off . he look up , surprised , as the passenger door suddenly open . wider Anne Marie slide onto the seat . anne marie you can not leave yet . pilot it 's my responsibility to get this aircraft out of here safely . Anne Marie point the .44 at he . pilot ( continue ) you get to be kid . anne marie leave the engine idling . go back and open the side door . shake he head and mutter , the Pilot unfasten he seat belt , climb between the two seat to the cargo compartment , and oblige the little lady with the big gun . 212 int . airstrip depot the depot , as temporary - look as the rest of Devil 's cauldron , be a boxcar - shape load dock and warehouse with a corrugate steel roof . box , wood palettes and hand dolly be pile haphazardly about . Eric and corbett navigate through the pile of box , inching toward the front door -- the door lead to the plane . suddenly , a string of overhead light come on . Eric go for the .357 , then stop when he see meyerl , kenai and neff have come in the front door . kenai stomp he foot and shiver . grandstand for the other , meyerl step forward . meyerling nobody want any more killing ; we all agree to that , correct ? ( no one argue ) that 's good . now , Eric , you be gonna hand you prisoner over to we . eric fuck you . meyerling this be not you concern . it 's over , here and now . corbett ( to meyerl ) sure , when you put a bullet in my back on the way out . easier for all involved . meyerling not a bad idea . face it , Ben . there 's no room in Alaska for you any more . meyerl poke with he foot at a tip - over rack of eskimo paraphernalia -- mask , fur , big skin drum , fish - and bear-spear . meyerling ( continue ) you be as antiquated as this shit . meyerl move toward corbett , but Eric stand in he way . ( continued ) 212 continued : eric keep back . corbett you be quite a piece of work , meyerl . the tide change , you ride right along with it . Eric look at neff . eric neff , you know better than this ... neff you be a outsider , Mr. desmond . step aside ; stay out of it . kenai and neff move in with meyerl . Eric stand he ground and reach for the .357 in he belt . new angle suddenly , lemalle stumble into the depot , the blanket and fur drag at he foot . his right side be bath in blood . half - freeze , ble dry , he look ready to drop down dead . in he leave hand , impossibly , he still clutches the massive remington . he hoist it to he hip and grit he tooth as he bolt a round into the chamber with he injure right arm . brace himself , he level the rifle at Eric . hear the action of the rifle , Eric turn . corbett reach down , grab a rusty eskimo spear in both he handcuff hand , and hurl it . there be a deafen roar as lemalle 's rifle discharge . lemalle fly back from the recoil -- and from the spear stick clear through he chest . some pack material above Eric 's head smolder , ignite by the muzzle blast . new angle there be a moment of silence . corbett look at the other weapon near he , and then at meyerl . threatened , meyerl pull out a .380 automatic . before Eric can do anything , meyerl fire . the impact of the bullet throw corbett against some box . ( continued ) 212 continued : ( 2 ) with a yell , Eric jump meyerl and rip the gun from he grasp . enrage , he pummel meyerl with it until kenai and neff pull they apart . Eric wrench away from they and scramble to he foot with meyerl 's gun in he hand . eric ( continue ) anybody move and I will shoot ! holding the .380 on they , Eric cross to corbett . bleed from the abdomen , he 's try to stand up . eric ( continue ) can you walk ? corbett wound 's a through - and -through . miss my liver , I think . eric let 's get out of here . cautiously back away from the other , Eric help corbett get up and shuffle toward the os SOUND of the cargo plane . 213 ext . devil' cauldron - airstrip Anne Marie jump down from the cockpit . she and Eric lift corbett into the plane . 214 ext . cargo plane as it taxi and lift off . 215 int . cargo plane - ( aerial shot ) while Eric take corbett 's handcuffs off , Anne Marie look at he wound . he wave she away . eric how come you do not let he shoot I ? corbett ( softly ) like I say , I would still be up on that mountain , freeze solid , it be not for you . eric we will get you to a hospital , soon as we get to fairbank . ( continued ) 215 continued : corbett so they can patch I up and put I in a cage ? forget it . meyerl 's right -- I be a dinosaur . greedy bastard like he , it 's they turn with this land . put I in the wood , let I live or die on my own . he painfully pull himself into a sit position . corbett ( continue ; peer out window ) look down there , tell I what any of this matter . struggle of man get swallow by the bigness . soon there will not be a trace of we trouble ... or we . eric you be wrong . everything we do leave its mark . you say it yourself -- there be hundred - year - old footprint in the tundra . too tired to argue , corbett lean back against the window . he take Mitchell 's scrimshaw out of he pocket and look at it . extreme close up - the scrimshaw the exquisitely beautiful and detailed engrave depict a grizzly beside a wilderness creek , with tree and mountain in the background . corbett clutches the scrimshaw in he hand and close he eye . new angle - ( aerial shot ) Eric sigh as he look at the blood -- Mitchell 's blood -- on the back of he hand . he stare at corbett for a long moment . then , resolve , he climb up front and say something to the Pilot . grumbling , the Pilot adjust he control . CUT to : 216 ext . haul road - pumping station - day the snow cloud be dissipate . the cargo plane come down through they and land on the airstrip behind the pump station . 217 int . cargo plane as it roll to a stop , Eric throw open the cargo door . corbett sit up , surprised . he and Eric exchange a long look , then corbett cross to the open door and gingerly step down onto the snow - cover runway . 218 ext . cargo plane Eric and Anne Marie watch from the door of the plane as corbett limp across the runway toward the treeline . as he go , he footprint be dust over by the snow and wind . corbett stop , turn and look back at Eric , then continue onward , disappear into the forest . angle on cargo plane Eric close the cargo door as the Pilot turn the plane around and taxi back down the runway . 219 int . cargo plane - ( aerial shot ) Eric wearily sit next to Anne Marie . she kiss he . the Pilot glance over he shoulder and frown . pilot ( to himself ) too damn crazy in this state anymore . I be move back to l.a . 220 int . cargo plane - angle through window - ( aerial shot ) the plane climb above the fog and snow cloud into a sunny , ice blue sky . it bank and turn south . behind it , the mountain roll on toward the Arctic wasteland , forever . fade out