no place like home = — _ — = wy . y , christopher keyser & amy lippman 9 december 2062 network 2 '' drait fade in : ext . park - day it 's a family picnic . a beautiful early fall day . and around the table , the collier : andy , mid forty , physically fit , a warm , envelop personality ; liz , the same age , a little cooler , still beautiful ; zoe , seventeen , past any awkwardness of adolescence ; and jess , fifteen , a2 little distant and judgmental , but you can ascribe it to she age . the party be in full swing . Andy reach across the table : andy pass some more of that -- that -- liz -- shrimp salad . andy yeah , this yours , Zo -- ? 20e -- jess make it ~- andy -- I have not have anything this good in a long time . when @' you get to be such a great cook ? a glare . that 's the stupidest question jess 's ever hear . jess ... I do not know . andy ( press on ) anyone watch the laker game tonight ? zoe I be see Jamie tonight . jess eyery night . andy oh , yeah ? his house or ours ? ( off she look ) be he father gonna be around ? dad zoe 2 ! pram tmttody no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 2. continued : andy hey , I be just do my job , here .... what about you , jess ? jess I be single . andy no , I mean -- ( to Liz ) do she tell you anything about she life or be it just I ? Liz look sympathetically at jess , then back at Andy . liz I talk to cameron today . he say this semester 's be great and he -— - guard ( 0.s . ) -- time 's up ! Andy look over . there 's a prison guard stand there . and in this direction it become clear : this be no park , it 's the grounds of a prison . we have be watch a family visit . andy what ?... can not we just have a few more minute ? the guard shrug " sorry . " everyone get up from the table . the girl start clean up . andy ( cont 'd ) {to the guard ) give I a second here . Andy pull Liz a few foot away . the girl watch . andy ( cont 'd ) everything okay ? Liz great , Andy . I mean apart from the way people look at I when -- andy -~ please do not do this , {beat ) I be still wait to see the brief from the civil suit . fromm ns no place like Home - Network draft Rev. ~ 12/9/02 3 . continued : ( 2 ) liz I be work on it with Nick tonight - andy you want I to call he ? liz wo , Andy . you have do plenty . guard let 's go ! Andy try to take Liz 's hand . she pull away . he shake it off , turn to he daughter andy so . when do I see you guy again ? jess shrug . 20e same as always . he put he arm out to hug they . pull they in , Zoe hug he back . jess merely allow he the moment . he kiss they . andy I love you both . you know that , right ? ntry so hard ) I think you get a little taller , jess . she pull away . he hold on to Zoe a moment longer . andy ( cont ‘d ) listen to you mom , okay ? take care of each other . zoe .-. sure dad . he step back . the guard take he arm . and they watch as they father be lead away . fade out . end_of teaser no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 4. act_one fade in : int , parra house - jamie' bedroom - morning Jamie Parra , 18 , Hispanic , handsome , naked under the sheet , sit up in he bed , sketching intently , make reference to Zoe who sleep beside he . she stir . groggy . 20e hey . he lean over , kiss she , go back to draw . she prop herself up on a elbow , look at the draw . it 's a comic book panel : a superhero strike a avenge pose . behind he , a vixen with Zoe 's feature . zoe ( cont 'd ) what be that ? jamie wrist deflector . if someone so much as shoot she a dirty look , he 's able to intercept it , harness it , convert it into energy and shoot it back at they . zoe no , I mean she . that . jamie that ? be breast . 20e on what planet ? clearly , not earth . she go to swat he with a pillow , but he 's too fast . he pin she arm down and kiss she . zoe ( cont 'd ) you hear you dad leave , right ? she slide away , reach for a sweater . jamie ( look at the clock ) Seven ten . yeah , definitely . he 's always outta here by seven . z0e ( scramble ) Seven ten . damn ! ( more ) irae ren no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 5 . continued : 20e ( cont 'd ) I gotta stop home before school or else my mom ' ] ] l -- she step out into -- int . parra house - hallway - continuous -- where she collide with rafael Parra , Jamie 's dad . he 's tucking he shirt into he pants . zoe oh. hi. Mr. Parra . it 's . well . the thing be . anyway . ( a ery for help ) jamie ! Jamie bolt into the hallway , wrapping a sheet around himself . jamie pop . uh. listen . Zoe spend the night . rafael what a relief . I would hate to think this be how she make a entrance . zoe I be gonna ~-- I should probably -- she dash into the bathroom . jamie do not make a deal of this . please . rafael because --? jamie because , look , it 's better than we do it someplace else , like , I dunno , a car or something . at least you know where we be . rafael and , what , the parent manual say I should be okay with that ? this be not some motel , Jamie -- angela ( 0.s . ) -- Excuse I ? they turn . a attractive 22 year old white woman stand at the other end of the hall wear a man 's shirt . frm ren : no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 6 . continued : angela ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I do not know where you keep you coffee . like , the fridge ? or the cupboard ? hey , Jamie . {off he blankness ) Angela . from you dad 's office ? ( still nothing ) '' Parra landscape , how many I direct you call ? " jamie Angela . hi. how 's it go ? angela oh , you know , pretty good . can not complain . Jamie pat he dad on the chest as he head into he room . jamie you , neither , huh , pop ? CUT to : int . collier house =~ kitchen - morning jess be empty the dishwasher , when she mother pad in in stockinge foot , wear yesterday 's clothes , she hair a mess . jess barely look up . jess I hope that afghan be warm enough . I try to get you upstairs but you be out . Liz I be at the lawyer 's go over the brief until , like , God , nine , and then I stop off to have a quick bite -- jess -- yeh ? where ? liz ferrente 's . I just sit at the bar . this piece of information send jess into a drawer , where she retrieve a vial of aspirin , shake out three . fear no place like Home - Network draft Rev. ~ 12/9/02 7 . continued : liz ( cont 'd ) anyway , when I get rome , I be sorting through the mail on the sofa and I musta just close my eye for a minute and bham . down for the count . nlook around ) do you know if we have any ~~ ( jess put the pill down ) -- oh , thanks , honey . ( it occur to she ) where 's 20 ? from the kitchen window , jess see she sister come up the lawn . Zoe stop in she track , shoot jess a question look . jess silently indicate for she to go around the pack . jess she 's get dress . Liz the thing 's today , you know . at two . Nick 's really confident it 's gonna go we way . jess good . that 's good . Zoe appear in the doorway . zoe hey . liz " Morning . jess there 's coffee . Zoe move to get some . Liz do not you wear that yesterday ? she look down at she clothes . then at she mom 's . z0e do not you ? cut to : no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 8. int . parra house - kitchen .- day Jamie and rafael sit on opposite side of the breakfast table . Angela 's oblivious to the tension . angela Breakfast be really the only kind of food I can.caok . pancake . Waffles . I would have , only , you be out of egg . jamie we do not usually , you know ~- it 's just the two of -.us so we kinda eat on the run -- rafael ~~ I think you have swim practice first thing Tuesday . jamie - coach be let I use the pool night . rafael Night be for homework . angela ( sunny ) homework ! man , there 's something I do not miss ! jamie I be get it all do , pop . rafael be you ? thirty minute and you be finish -- and off mess with that girl . angela . she be so pretty , by the way ! rafael you be not do you work right if you be finish it that fast . Steve sit here at - this table three , four hour every night . Angela cross herself at the mention of Steve 's name . Jamie and he father register this and be momentarily throw . femme no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 9 . continued : rafael ( cont 'd ) even if you grade be great , college look at you whole transcript . and if they see you be slack off -- jamie I be not slack -- rafael -- they lose interest in you . you be not gonna get anywhere take the easy way out , Jamie . you gotta start think about how thing look to other people . angela you know , if you get one of that biscuity mix you would not have to worry about keep egg around . a beat . Jamie look at he dad . jamie how it look , huh ? cuT to : ext . school - cafeteria area - day jess be sit alone , lean up against a wall of the school , she book on the ground next to she , when she 's approach by a cute , slightly nerdy boy , aaron . aaron you be jessica collier , right ? she look up . unimpress . jess +e» why ? aaron I be sick last week when we start the life skill unit . conklin pair I with you for the '' build you own family '' project . apparently , you be the only one in the grade who have not pick a partner , jess so ... you be my husband . fenwermen no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 10 . continued : aaron and you be my wife . for thirty percent of we total grade . ( she just look at he ) do not get up . cur to : int , courtroom - day judge constance purview preside . Liz sit at one table , with nick , she lawyer . a select few of the name plaintiff , old friend of Liz 's , sit on the other side with theirs . judge purview the defendant , Andrew collier , have file a motion to have all claim against he dismiss . ( beat ) he argue that since he jewelry business be a corporation , the plaintiff should not be allow to go after he persona . asset . Nick smile at liz. exactly . judge purview ( cont 's D ) when , however , a corporation be underfunded , it constitute little more than a fraud . ( Liz look at she lawyer ) not only do Mr. collier steal from he customer , claim to do appraisal while swapping they good diamond for lesser one -- he funnel he ill-gotten profit out of the corporation ard into he own pocket . he get rich , the corporation stay poor , and he victim be leave with nothing . that be not what the law intend . Liz what ? nick shhh . judge purview the motion to dismiss be deny . we proceed with trial . Liz turn , ashen , to she lawyer . feram ren no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 11 . continued : liz what the hell just happen ? cur to : int . grocery store - aisle - day jess and Aaron be in mid-assignment . Aaron 's get the pad , jess be just over - see . aaron conklin say he want we preliminary household budget in by next Wednesday . jess that 's not a problem . I be almost do here . ( scan the shelf ) ... we still need snack for we kid . pretzel and stuff . aaron ( check he total ) not on we combine salaries . we be up to almost $ 150 a week . jess who tell you to be a teacher ? you could not go to law school ? aaron ( give she a look } why do not we cut out you beer ? jess I like beer . it relax I . after a long day with the kid . God know you do not pitch in . aaron who say I do not pitch in ? jess please , I know how it go . she head to the front of the store . he follow aaron nroll he eye ) I guess we be do . as she get to the door , something catch she eye - feemerneny no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 12 . continued : jess one more stop . cuUT to : int . jewelry store - day she 's check out the counter . aaron what be we do here ? jess I feel strongly you should have get I a bigger wedding ring . Aaron look around , feel a little weird . whisper : aaron be not this you father 's store ? jess «+. be . this be a emotional experience for she . she hide it well . jess ( cont ’d ) I do not think it 's as nice . the new people do not do a good job fix it up . she go over to a side counter . laid out on it be display of leather watch band . jess examine they , take a quick look around , and then , in one smooth move , deposit a particularly nice one in she back pack . Aaron take this in with a mixture of horror and fear . he 's stick to the floor when she brushes past he . jess ( cont 's D ) let 's go , dear . as she usher he out the door , he whisper : aaron I see that . jess hey , they all belong to I , anyway ... a year ago . cur to : no place like Home - Network draft Rev. ~ 12/9/02 13 . int . courtroom - hallway - moment later Liz and Nick try to find some privacy in a corner . liz you say you would take care of it . nick lizzie -- liz = -- do not you lizzie I ! you tell I everything would be okay ! nick I do not expect it to go this way . liz uh-huh . ( beat ; she 's fume ) so now what ? I go through another trial ? nick ( now the bad news ) ... I think we have to settle . liz settle ?... so I pay they . how much ? {he waiver ) how much be I go to lose ? ( no answer ) be I go to lose my house ? he do not answer . and that 's she answer , she reel from it . cur to : int . high school - indoor pool - night Dark and empty , save for Jamie who slice through the water on he final lap . he stretch for the edge , slap it , and come up out of breath . Zoe step in , stopwatch in hand . zoe Three twenty two . jamie ( puffing ) not a chance . 20e Three twenty two . enamererinn no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 14 . continued : jamie no frickin’ way . lemme see . she move to the edge , kneel down with the stopwatch outstretch . z0e Three . twenty . two -- ahhhh ! and he yank she into the water . she ad lib scream and protest , which give way finally to the two of they slowly twirling through the water . zoe ( cont 'd ) I be slow you down . jamie : exactly the opposite . 20e iam . I be dead weight . jamie if you could just run from one side to the other -- each lap , that would be my motivation -- reach for you . I would be the world record holder . zoe ( simply ) I love you . he kiss she . put he arm around she neck . she rest she wrist on he biceps . he start to say something . stop . zoe ( cont 'd ) you can say it back . jamie yeh ? ' Cause I know you get this thing about that . zoe just when it 's like : {all one word ) * I - love -you -I -love -you-too . '' like it 's just a automatic response , jamie but now , see , you be expect it . a beat . pant tanna no place like Home - Network draft Rev. — 12/9/02 15 . continued : {2 } z20e warma know how I be feel ? right now ? right this second ? jamie damp ? zoe optimistic . it 's like I be sorta see a light at the end of the tunnel . jamie be it a white light ? because that could mean something else . she splashes he . zoe shut up . I be serious . I mean , it 's be such a horrible year . but I be get kinda use to it now -- and thing be settling down . and soon , all this court stuff will be behind we . and then , thing be actually gonna get better . jamie they be . zoe they have to . they consider this , then : jamie oh , hey , here 's a piece of news . 20e yeh ? jamie t love you . ( smile ) how be that ? surprise you ? zoe neeeeh . jamie . damn . you already know it , huh ? irmareneny no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 16 . continued : ( 3 ) 20e hey . it 's the thing that 's gonna save I . and she lean into he , and they kiss , and kiss harder and we be underwater with they as he pull at she clothes and at she sweater , and then bra , and then pants float slowly , slowly down to the bottom of the pool . : fade out . end . of act one no place like Home — Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 17 . act tho fade in : int . collier house — kitchen - night liza have just present she daughter with the bad news . they 's be struggle to digest it . 20e that 's what they want ? to leave we with nothing ? Liz . ... I do not know what to tell you . jess so we be gonna have to move ? to another house or ~~ liz -- we can not afford a house , jess . probably a apartment . jess but you say he be confident . you lawyer . liz he be . it 's just ... the judge ... it 's too much for she . zoe can not we , like , appeal ? ( Liz do not answer ) Mom ? she 's in she own thought now . lose and confuse . tear come . Liz y can not ... what be he think ? stealing from people . what do he think we need . I mean , we have sq much already . and now .... ( in tear ) I do not know what to do .... what be I gonna do ? and the two kid watch they mother dissolve . they exchange a look , helpless . cur to : no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 14 . int . parra house - jamie' bedroom - night Zoe , clearly upset , sit with Jamie on the bed . zoe she 's freaking out . and it 's not like I blame she , but ... ( beat ) I know she , she can not handle seriously bad stuff like this . jamie so , what do you think 's gonna happen ? from the other room we begin to hzar the unmistakable sound of a bed creaking , back and forth , back and forth . the repeat bang against the wall . jamie ( cont ’d ) ignore it . 20e we 's be obviously gonna move , I probably have to get a job -- rafael ( 0.5 . ) ~~ oh , boy ! oh , boy ! oh , boy ! Jamie close he eye , embarrassed . 20e it 's okay . jamie I feel bad for you mom . I mean , you dad -- angela ( 0.s. ) ~- do not stop , mr.! do not stop , mr.!! Jamie jump up . jamie okay , this be -- ! we have to get out of here ! CUT to : ext . STREET - night Jamie and Zoe sit on the hood of he car , face a small sdd house , in a poor Hispanic neighborhood . ( ram many eat ee it no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 continued : jamie Steve and I share a tiny room in the back . you can not see it from here . zoe that 's why we drive all this way ? not the response he hope for . he try to stay upbeat . jamie you have never see the house I grow up in . I just think -- zoe -- what ? jamie I do not know . just , it do not really matter what the house look like . I be a happy xid . 208 of course you be happy , you do not know anything different . jamie yes , I do . I know what the house look like where my father work . I remember tagging along in the summer when he be cut you grass . 205 it 's not the same thing . jamie why not ? z0e because I be move backward . ( beat ) you father be this emaze guy who work hard and achieve all this stuff for he family . my family 's just screwing it all up . jamie okay . but the point be -- 20e -- you do not have to fix this for _ me_overnight ! 19 . nconttinoen no place like Home - Network draft Rev. ~ 12/9/92 20 . continued : ( 2 ) her intensity take he ahack . this be unusual . zoe ( cont ’d ) you do not have to give I a Sunday school lesson . that 's not why I come over . jamie ... : {a little hurt ) ' ++. okay . 20e I just want someone to talk to . that he understand . he take she hand . he can do that . , cot to : int . department store - bathroom ~ day Liz be fix herself up . a little lipstick ... a adjustment of the hair . a final peek in the mirror . i CUT to ; shoe department - moment later Liz talk to she manager , a man who be clearly young than she . there 's some desperation here . : manager : + ++ you have only be here six month , Liz . liz I know . but I be a quick learner . and you yourself say that you have be happy with my work , manager absolutely . but I have no opening right now for assistant manager . I already have two girl in that position . Liz right . okay . I be just ... I need to make a little more money than I be pull in . manager I understand . listen , if that force you to laok some place else , I will not ~- frame tarreny ss suoeeteesense no place like Home ~ Network draft Rev. ~ 12/9/02 21 . continued : lig -- no , that 's fine . ( beat ) just ... i£ a open come available ....- manager you bet ! Liz nod and , with as much dignity as she can , go back to work . cur to : ext . high school quad - day Aaron and jess sit at a picnic table . ' she 's distractedly blow bubbles with she gum while he lecture - aaron .. and my dad say I could borrow he , like , spreadsheet program , so I list all the require category here in this column , plus I add a few of my own -~ jess ~- recreation and leisure !? you have a recreation and leisure category ? aaron we have three kid . you think they be gonna watch tv all summer ? jess -- four hundred buck for , what 's this ? Science summer camp ? you gotta be kid I . abron what ? it 's so impossible that we son inherite some of my ability in the math / science ? she just stare at he . jess you be such a freak . aaron I be a freak ? I ? fponttnteds no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 22 . continued : jess you realize , do not you , we be gonna need serious marriage counseling and that 's , what ? about a hundred and fifty a pop . I do not see you budgete that . and frankly , I think we should be sock more away for when you get can from you teach job . aaron why would I -- ? jess ~~ sexual discrimination . you only like to call on the girl with big tit . a beat . he hesitates , look for a way to strike back . aaron I actually budget legal fee . here. column 9 . it seem kinda obvious . I mean , in Light of everything . jess recoil , on the defensive . be this a jab at she father ? jess what the hell do that mean ? aaron you know , for when you shoplift catch up with you . CUT to : ext . high school - pool - pay it 's a meet . kid in the stands , swimmer wander . six swimmer , Jamie include , stand by the pool loosen up . Jamie seem agitate -~ he 's pace . referee fifty meter freestyle . swimmer take you mark . angle on Zoe , in the stand . she 's clearly nervous . the swimmer step onto the block . Jamie 's eye be focus . ready . the gun fire , and they 's be off . intercut . Zoe watch . cheer . and jamie , in the lead be catch ... fall behind the swimmer next to he , frowarrneny a epee no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 23 . continued : as the hand of the rival . swimmer reach forward to the wall , we be in : int . pizza parlor / pool hall - night Jamie , Zoe , and three other couple ( splaver and thea ; beller and cathryn ; bryson and Jill ) play pool after the meet . the mood be celebratory make . splaver Central 's get pretty good since willit retire . jamie - carleton sure as hell beat my ass . zoe well , not by so much -- bryson -- he 's ahead four meter , the second he 's off the block . thea plus , he 's still incredibly cute - cathryn the way he kinda swing he head from side to side -- jill -- yes ! to get the water out !-- and that spider tattco -- thea -- it 's not a spider , it 's a starburst -- 20e -- actually , it 's a hedgehog . ( they look at she ) and there 's a cool story behind it . you wanna hear ? splaver ( to jamie} this do not worry you , dude ? Jamie look across to Zoe. zoe . hey , it be two year ago . why do not we talk about yon and jij1 ? pram ant no place like Home - Network draft Rev. ~ 12/9/02 24 . continued : Zoe and Jamie both turn to Jill . jill please , that be nothing . we make out a few time . it be purely physical . meaningless . jamie thanks a lot ! Zoe smile at Jamie , who smile back . a cell phone chirp . everyone dig in they pocket , jacket , backpack for they phone . . 20e mine ! but before she can answer it , cathryn grab it away . breathy : cathryn uh , hello , josh ? the other laugh as Zoe try to snatch the phone back . cathryn ( cont 'd ) {into the phone } oh , hey , jess ~- it 's cathryn ... yeah , one sec , she 's right here -- 20e ( she take the phone ) what 's up ? and we stay on she , push in slowly , as the other continue , oblivious . zoe ( cont 'd ) . uh huh ... what ? what do you mean ? when ? slow down ... just slow down , jess , uh huh . uh huh . be she --? thea you know who else be h-h-h- hot ? beller bryson hey , we just win -- can we ( stand ) get a little respect here ? I be dry . anyone for : second ? thea ( cont 'd ) I do not want to name name , but he initial be Marcus desalvo . ram argon no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 25 . continued : ( 2 ) Jamie get up to help bryson with drink . he mime to Zoe " you want another round ? '' just as she hang up . in shock . she tug on he sweater , pull he close . 20e I have gotta -- I need you to -- can you drive I -~ jamie what ? what be it ? zoe my mom , she 's -- she 's be arrest . and on Jamie , try to take this in , and Zoe reeling , we -~ cut to : int . police station - night jess , Zoe and Jamie move in , and up . to the desk , where a uniform officer sit in front of a computer . jess Excuse I , we be here for Liz coll -- 20e -- blizabeth . Elizabeth collier . officer ( consulting the screen ) collier . Elizabeth . driving under the influence . ( look up ) you she ride ? Zoe nod . the officer pick up a phone . punch a extension . officer ( cont 'd ) ( into the phone ) hey , Bobby , it 's I . I need G - 34203 ; collier . yup . thanks . he hang up . turn back to they . officer ( cont 'd ) . it 's two hundred and fifty dollar . Cash or cashier 's . ' jess take a wad of bill out of she coat pocket . fanwmrne ny no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 26 . continued ; jess we have get it all here . the officer count the money -- two hundred sixty dollar all in 20' . a few bill stick together . | officer Fresh from the ATM , auh ? he give she back a ten , slide a form over the counter . officer ( cont 'd ) . I will need you to sign here ... and here , her car 's be impound so0 ~ - he remove a info sheet from a rack of handout , circle a item , barely look , officer ( cont 'd ) ~ ~here 's the number she 's gonna need to call in the morning . ( circle another item ) ; and she 's gotta call this number to find out when she 's due back in court . Zoe turn to Jamie , overwhelm by it all . 20e she 's due back in court . in ceurt . he move to she , put a arm around she .. she start to cry . jamie hey . hey . z0e it 's everything all over again . jamie no , it 's not . zoe T can not -~ jamie ~~ it 's okay . it 's gonna be okay . a door buzze open , and Liz stand shakily in the door frame . jess Mom . she hold up a hand , shaky . ( cont ttd ny its ee no place like Home ~ Network praft Rev. - 12/9/02 continued : ( 2 ) liz 1 -- tt dunno how -- ft know I screw up ~~ bad -- so bad -~ she trail off . zoe regards she stonily - zoe let 's go home . cor to : int . collier house - liz ' bedroom - night 27 . Zoe be turn down the sheet as jess struggle with the cap on a aspirin pottle . Liz emerge from the bathrocm ina nightgown , she hair wet . she move to the bed . jess hand she the aspirin and a glass of water . she look at the pill in she hand . just look . then , not to either of they , to herself : liz J have two glass of wine when T get home from work -- and then there be not enough leave in the pottle worth save and instead of pour it out , I -~ and then I notice there be not anything in the fridge fox you girl to eat , and what if you come home , hungry , and theze be not anything ? and I -~ I think about the dinner we use to have -~ how you friend would come by and I would make spaghetti -- and you father would -- {this be hard ) -- you father ~~ and it just seem important , you know ? really important . go to the market . stock up - have there be enough of something here for you girl . ( break down ) I do not think . T should not have -~ I do not mean to ~~ I be sorry . i'm so so sorry - she bury she face in she hand . we dissolve to : int . collier house ~ hallway - night more as Zoe emerge wearily , look back at she sleep mother , turn out the light and quietly close the door . Jamie 's stand at the end of the hallway , have wait . lanne teannn® no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 28 . continued : he open he arm to she , and she move to he . they hold each other for a moment . . zoe will you -- can you -- stay tonight ? I know you dad will -- jamie ~- yes. just : yes . and she take he hand , and they move into she bedroom and close the door . - fade out . end . of act tho no place like Home ~ Network draft Rev. — 12/9/02 29 . act three fade in : int , collier house - kitchen ~ day Liz be on the phone , still in she bathrobe , look very much like it 's be a rough night . liz Mr. silberberg , please . ( beat ) oh .... okay . Mr. Cohen , Mr. belnap , or mx. fuch , then . ( beat ) .. I be not sure who I need to speak to . I find you ad in the yellow page -- jess walk past she , on the cell phone . jess -- the license plate be khj4929 . it 's a grey acura . ( beat} my name be Elizabeth collier ... I need to come pick up my car . ( beat ) uh-huh . how much be that ? she. make a face . that much ? jess ( cont ’d ) ( whisper to she mother ) four hundred . ( back to the phone ) thank you for you help . it 's just another insult . Liz turn away . liz hello ?... yes . be you a lawyer with the firm , Mr. Gelman ? {obviously not ) ... paralegal . no , that 's fine .... yes , if we could schedule that . right . and how much be the initial consultation -- ? nlisten } un-huh .... yes , 1 /11 hold . she turn to jess . ( conttnaed no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 30 . continued : liz ( cont ’d ) I have to pay a retainer just to meet with they ? jess how much ? before she answer , Zoe walk into the kitchen . 20e Morning ! and Jamie appear beside she . Liz stare at the two of they . Liz do he stay the night ? zoe yes . be there something you want to say about that ? there be . but Liz do not . she hold she tongue . liz ( back to the phone ) I be still here , ... next Tuesday would be fine . CUT to : int , parra house - morning Jamie trudge up the stair . from he father 's room , he hear grunting . he stop . the grunt continue . that 's it ! he 's have enough . he storm up , head to he father 's room . but the door be open . Inside , he see he father , on the floor , do sit-up . grunting . grunting each time . rafael see he . rafael --- she have I do this . crazy , huh ? it 's a whole regimen . Jamie nod and walk away . Angela be head up the stair , in she sexy nightie , with she bathrobe untied . angela I think I hear you come in . jamie would you cover up ?!... man ! she look down , now embarrassed . she close she bathrobe . taawm ren no place like Home ~ Network draft Rev. ~ 12/9/02 31 . continued : angela .+. sorry . rafael call out from the room . rafael ( 0.5 . ) hey , I gotta get to the office . give I five minute , 171 ) drive you to school . cur to : int . rafael 's mercede - moment later rafael drive , Angela 's next to he . Jamie 's in the back seat . awkward silence . she eye they both . angela how about we turn on the radio ? no answer . matter of fact : rafael you do not come home last night . Jamie do not answer . angela .-- or not . rafael what happen at you swim meet ? jamie I lose , dad . okay ? I come in second . you have something you wanna say about that ? you wanna tell I how that 's gonna screw up my chance for go to college ? rafael keep he cool . rafael not really ..... you wanna tell I how study for you math test go ? jamie {shit ! ; he forget ) I have study hall second period . Zoe have this emergency last night . post tne no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 , 32 . continued : . rafael right , well it 's always somerh - with that people . I be not gonna let you fail out because of that girl , Jamie . jamie that_girl ? I be in love with that gixl , okay , dad ? rafael she 's a excuse for everything you do not wanna do .... you be not les see she the rest of the week . * jamie what ? rafael : ! you get you work do . you raise you grade . then we 'il talk about it . . jamie : man ! I 'meighteen . I do not have | to be responsible ali the time . i i i rafael , po sure ~~ cause there 's plenty of | time for that later ! : jamie yes. rafael that 's what you brother think ! Jamie stop . quiet down . the car sit at a light . jamie why do you always have to go there ? why be everything always about that ? {he unbuckle ) I be get out . rafael Jamie -- jamie --_ it 's three block to school . 1°12 walk . and he get out of the car and slam the door . a beat . ( conttnnpny no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 33 . continued : ( 2 ) angela_ .... teenager . that 's all it be . I remember like it be yesterday . CUT to : int . high school hallway - day we follow Jamie as he move through the hall as it thin with kid just before the bell . he 's still chew over the conversation with he dad , when he see Zoe at she locker . he come up from behind , pin she up against the wall , happy for the distraction . 20e hey you ! do you dad say anything when you get -- jamie onuzzle she neck ) -- he do not notice . zoe ( the bell ring ; shit ) I have get to get to french . {he do not move ) do not you have soc ? ( he try to kiss she ) one more C and you be gonna get in trouble . jame ... jamie ... I need something to get I through the four period until I see you again . she kiss he . jamie ( cont ’d ) tnat 's only gonna.. get I through soc. {another kiss ) Study hall . {another kiss ) lit . she really kiss he . he break away , consider . jamie ( cont ’d ) yup , good to go . Penn rate no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 34 . continued : and he abruptly turn away from she and move down the now empty hall . Zoe 's leave up against the locker wall . she smile , - CUT to : ext . school - day kid be pair up , say goodbye , head home . Aaron be by himself , load down with all he project material . he check he watch , annoyed ... and wait . aaron ( v.0 . ) what happen to you ? I think we be meeting at school ? cur to : int . collier house . - front hall - day jess have just let Aaron in . she 's frazzle . jess ( genuinely frazzle ) what ?... oh , xight . sorry . it 's be kind of a crazy day , aaron uh-huh . I wait for a half hour ... and then I go look for you ! jess I get stand up by my connection . {off he look ) my drug connection . I run out of weed . aaron look , I just wanna work on we presentation and -- jess ~~ do you have any ? aaron ++. what ? no. listen -- jess -- you know what I bet ? come with I . she run off . reluctantly , he follow . no place like Home ~ Network draft Rev. ~ 12/9/02 35 . guest room jess be rummage though the bottom of a closet . jess cameron 's room . he 's at college . but sometimes he hide some stuff in here -- aaron —- jessica -- jess -- if we be gonna work , we should definitely get high first . aaron I do not wanna smoke pot with you . jess c'mon , it 's too depress otherwise . plus , you be way too uptight as it be . a couple of hit 's 11 do you good , ( smile at he ) and sometimes , when I get stone , I get really horny -~- -~ would youn cut it out !!! she stop . aaron ( cont 's D ) you be not scare I . and you be not funny . you be just pissing I off . ( she 's take aback } I do not know what you be try to prove . like -- I be cool , or I be wild , or look what I can get away with . it just seem kind of - pathetic to I . so you be really inappropriate , so what ? have not anybody ever tell you to just knock it off ? there 's the gist of it . jess «.. no . not recently . fcomtintens no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 continued : aaron I be leave . I x11 finish the presentation on my own . consider yourself divorced ! and he walk out on she . cur to ; ext , parra house - backyard - day Jamie enter through the back gate . Angela 's on a lawn — chair , read a magazine , get some sun . Jamie 's surprised to see she . angela hola ! you dad give I the afternoon off . sometimes I get this terrible headache . with auras and everything . jamie you do not maybe want to save that excuse for the evening ? angela what ? nget it ) -- oh. right . ha. ( a beat , then ) be you mad at I or something ? jamie why would I be mad at you ? angela for , like , be with he ? ( he shrug no ) you mom leave a long time ago -- he 's be alone for a long time . jamie I know . look , he 's entitle . he be . I hope you guy be really happy . angela you dad just want the best for you , y'know . he 's always like , " my son this " and " my son that " to he client . jamie you sure he 's talk about I ? 36 . ( conttnoe NY no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 37 , continued : angela why would you say that ? jamie . Cause for like the first sixteen year of my life , I be not on the man 's radar . angela I be sure that 's not -- jamie -~ he be either at work or he be with he good son . I ? I be pretty much just another plate at the dinner table . all this concern about my future ? that 's only since Steve die . ( she cross herself ) -- why do you do that ? angela what ? oh . it 's just a thing I do - - out of respect . jamie he be not a saint , you know . Steve . Far from it . angela I be , um , I be kinda like superstitious ? about speak ill of the dead ? jamie I be just say how it be . you will never hear it from pop , of course . he would rather pretend it be one of that wrong - place - at- the-wrong - time kind of thing . like a normal person would be strolling through allistar Park at two in the morning ~- just for the hell of it , just for the fresh air . angela I do not understand . jamie well , the toxicology report on Steve make it pretty damn clear . I could show it to you . of course , pop never look at it . ( cont tinie no place like Home ~ Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 38 . continued : { 2 ) - angela . look -- I - ~ I do not think you father would - be okay with we talk about this -- _. jamie ~- he sure would not . just like I be not okay with he throw my brother up to I as some , like , shine example -- because , you know what ? it 's a load of crap . it 's just easier for pop to be disappointed in I than he . because I be , like , still here . I be the only one he 's get leave . and he move on into the house . CUT to : int . collier house - kitchen - night Liz be on a laptop computer on the kitchen table . on line . something about '' sunny Scottsdale , Arizona . '' Zoe walk in . zoe what be you do ? liz ( nervous ) nothing , I be just -- I think you be asleep . - zoe .. . I could not sleep . let I see -- -- Liz hit a button , the screen change . liz it 's nothing . 20e wha ’dyou do that for ? ( see stuff on the table ) what 's with the map ?... Arizona ? liz -.. I be just -- ( beat ) I look at place for we to live today . horrible place . I could not see we be happy in any of they . fconttnoeny no place like Home - Network draft Rev. ~ 12/9/02 39 . continued : 20e wt : he | io wit ) Arizona ? liz I do not want to talk about this until I have it all work out . 20e what do this have to do with Arizona ! Liz there 's this woman who use to work in sleepware ? dorothy ? and she could not really make end meet here , you know ? so she move she family to Scottsdale -- zoe ohymygod ! jess wander in , jess what 's go on in here ? zoe Mom want to move we to Arizona . liz listen to I . some of the girl at work be talk about how well she 's do there . dorothy . she find a good job , a rice place to live that 's way nicer than what she could have afforded here and -- zoe you be kid , right ? you might as well have throw a dart at some map ! li2 that be not true ! I have be do research . Arizona make a lot of sense when you think about it . zoe it do not make any sense ! it 's crazy . we whole life be here ! ( more ) ( contingmed ) no place like Home ~ Network draft rev , - 12/9/02 40 . continued : ( 2 ) zoe ( cont 'd ) plus , you be gonna move like hundred of mile away from dad ? you can not do that ! liz why can not I ? look what he do to we ! how long be I suppose to try to hold on here ? 205 ( to jess ) do not you have anything to say about this ? jess what difference be it gonna make ? whatever happen , happen . have not you figure that out yet ? and jess walk out . Zoe turn to she mother , in tear . zoe please .... please , let 's find another way . I do not care what house I live in -- liz I be sorry , honey , but -- 20ce -- please ! liz {in agony ) I can not make it work here ! I have try . I do not know how . and I can not walk down the street anymore and have people look at I the way they do . I be too ashamed , baby ! zoe so , what -- ? you think thing be gonna be so much better there ? like we be not gonna just move we problem with we ? like you be gonna get some great job in Scottsdale -- Liz I could -- zoe -- without any training , Mom ? without any skill ? come on . ( conttnop NY no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 41 , continued : ( 3 ) liz : maybe dorothy could help I find -~ zoe and on that chance you would move we hundred of mile away ? do not. please . I be begging you , Mom . it 's a fantasy . and what happen when Arizona do not work ? Liz why would not it --? zoe you think once we get to Arizona , you be gonna pull yourself together ? you be gonna stop go from job to job ? you think , all of a sudden , Mom , you be not gonna drink so much ? Liz reach out and slap she , hard . liz you do not talk to I that way ! ( beat ) I be still you mother ! and , whatever you think of I , I stili make the decision fer this family . Zoe raise she hand to she cheek , she eye fill with tear . this be what it feel like to have the very last thing take away from you . CUT to : ext . romantic location - night the edge of a reservoir , maybe , or a vista overlook the city light . or the beach . Zoe 's in a craze -- hyperventilate . zoe I can not breathe .... I mean it -- it 's like I get hit in the stomach and I can not catch my -- I can not -- jamie Zoe ? Zo ? try put you head between you leg -- zoe ( bend over } she 's serious , Jamie . ( more ) form marron no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 42 . continued : zob ( cont 'd ) she really think this be the answer . she 's gonna make we go with she . what be I gonna do ? I do not . know what to do , ( sit up ) okay , that 's not work . he take she hand , gently . jamie hey -- and the tear come . zoe everything 's like -- jamie what ? zoe -- I do not know -- slip away . I can not hold on to anything anymore . remember that counselor I go to go see that time ? jamie that bonehead chick , yeh -~ zoe she say , one foot ir . front of the other -- that 's how to get through it . one foot in front of the other . but if that 's really gonna work -- something 's gotta be , like , solid , you know ? like you father , or you mother , or you friend , or you house , or something . and it 's not ~- it 's all fall away . he take she face in he hand , wipe she tear . very intense . zoe ( cont 'd ) you be the one thing -- the only thing that make it better . you always make it better . how do you do that ? jamie I do not know . I just -- I love you . 20e it 's more than that . ( pontinoed ) no place like Home ~ Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 43 . continued : ( 2 ) jamie ... I dunno . I guess ... ( the truth ) you be the one thing I be really good at . she look at he tenderly . 20e ~ no , jame , that 's not -- jamie --_ it 's okay . I be okay with that . I love that . that make I happy . you make I really really happy . you be not gonna lose I . zoe I could . Arizona be , like , far . and what ? be we gonna go back and forth ? how ? and , look at I , Jamie . I lose , God , everything , and this be next . we be what 's next . jamie we be gonna be together . z0e wanting it do not make it true . jamie okay , that 's -- you be right . just want it do not . make it true . so let 's we make it true . 20e how ? we can not -- jamie . . yes , we -- 20e -- no ! I be tell you -- she 's gonna make I go -- jamie not if -- zoe -~ she 's gonna make I go ! jamie . ~~ we get marry . ( cont iniedy no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 44 . continued : ( 3 ) a beat . 20e what ? jamie let 's get marry . 20e what ? jamie you and I . let 's do it . z0e what ? jamie marry I . there it be . there 's the answer . fade out . end_of act three no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 4s . aact_four fade in : 7 int . parra house - kitchen - night rafael be railing at he son , rafael you want to be with ner ? Fine ! so be with she ! you want to sleep with she in my house ? okay , then . you make you point . maybe that 's something we can negotiate . jamie it 's not about -- you just do not get it , man . rafael I know what it 's about . it 's about you rescue she , like some hero from one of that comic book of yours . you think you be just gonna swoop in and solve all she problem ? jamie that 's not -- rafael -- this be xeal_life , Jamie . you know how many people who get marry at you age be together in even five year ? jamie so what ! we will be the one couple who -- rafael int . collier house - front yard - night Zoe have corral she mother out by the garbage can . liz -- and you think move to Arizona be go to ruin everything ?! 20b I do not expect you to be happy about this . nconttnien no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 46 . continued : liz how do you think this be gonna work ? you think he dad 's gonna help you out with money , now that he 's get so much of it ? z0e Jamie and I be do this on we own . Liz how ? he 's a boy . he 's a sweet boy . but he 's a boy . he 's not a man , how will you pay the rent ? how will you pay for food ? which one of the two of you be drop out of school to get a job ? zoe I do not know , okay ? ( beat ) how be you gonna pay the rent ? tell I how you have prepare for the future , Mom ? ( point to the house ) tell I how I be protect in there ! liz you be ! zoe well , it do not feel like it any more . . CUT to : int . parra house - kitchen - night rafael you really want to marry into that ? her father nos a felon ! a thief ! jamie that 's she father . that 's not Zoe . rafael but it 's she family -- and they be gonna lose everything ! that people be gonna end uo with even less than I have when I start -- ' cause at least I have my good name . I have people 's respect . I be _ tell you , she 's not nearly good enough for you . ( comp tntteny no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 47 . continued : jamie you get it backwards . what make I good enough for she ? what have I ever do in my life to deserve someone who love I that much ? I know what you would say : nothing , . right ? well , I be gonna marry she anyway , pop . because she love I . and she say yes . and I be eighteen . and there 's nothing you can do about it . curt to : int . collier house - front yard - night liz you be seventeen year old . you can not get marry unless I say it 's okay . and I be not gonna do that . ( beat ) you can hate I if you want . you can think I be a terrible mother -- and maybe I be . but not because of this . the answer be no . zoe then I will ask dad. liz .. what ? zoe he do not want to lose I ... he will do anything . this freeze liz. zoe ( cont 'd ) : he will give I permission . you know he will , and she walk by she mother into the house . CUT to : ext . prison ~ gate - day a car drive up to the main gate of the prison . stop . wait to be admit into the grounds . Liz lean she head out the window . to the guard : fenweranony no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 48 . continued : Liz ... , Elizabeth collier . I be here to see Andrew collier . CUT to : int . prison room - day Liz and Andy be in mid-conversation . as always , there be a guard post in the room . liz you have to promise I you will not let she do this ...- andy '' ++ sure , Liz , if you promise you will not take she to Arizona . liz oh , no . you do not get to give any - ultimatum , Andy . not after what you have do to we . ( beat ) so , I be sorry . I can not wait around for ten year of visit day to be over . I have.to raise we family ... alone . andy in_arizona ? liz «+ . I will bring the child to visit you as often as I can . this be terrible for he . andy what do that mean ? as often as you can ? once every six month ? ( no answer ; distraught ) all I do be wait for you to come back , so I can see you again ... once every six month ? Liz understand . she also - need he help now . liz letting she get marry be not go to change that , Andy .... all it do be punish I . beat . ranmranton no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 49 . continued : andy -«. uh-huh . well ... should not I listen to she argument before I decide ? liz you just wanna be forgiven . that 's not a reason to let she screw up she life . and , you watch , she ’11l blame you for that one day . he think about it . liz ( cont 'd ) I all be the bad guy . I promise . andy --- Liz . she love that boy . you can say no to she , you can drag she to Arizona . you have the authority . ( beat ) but how long do you think . it x11 be ' till she 's go for good ? she 's gonna run away from all of we so fast ... and then she 'il be eighteen . and that 's 1i be it . tbeat ) you 's have gotta come up with a better answer than no . Liz sit with that . and she know he 's right . CUT to : int . high school office - day Zoe walk into the crowded office , lean over the front desk to get the attention of a secretary . zoe I get a message , Mrs. Hom ? mrs . hom yeah , Zoe , you mom 's in there . Zoe look over to a small side office . Liz be wait . CUT to : side office ~ moment later it 's just the two of they . frnmrernn no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 50 . continued : 20e it could not wait till after school ? liz I be afraid I would come home and find @ note that you would already leave with Jamie , ( Zoe look away ) «+ '' what if I do not go to Arizona ? zoe Mom ~- ? liz -- you make you point . what if I stay here ? Zoe shake she head . zoe that 's not ... do not do that for I . I do not threaten to marry Jamie to keep you in LA . if move to Arizona be actually gonna make you happy , you should do that . Liz -+. but if I stay in LA , you do not have to marry he . zoe I want to marry he . he be where I want to be . can not we leave it at that ? liz no . Zoe would have keep this to herself . as gentle as possible : zoe '' -' I do not want to be in you house anymore . I do not wanna wait up all night for you to come home . I do not want to come pick you up at midnight when you have fad too much to drink . ( beat ) I love you , mom , but I feel safe with he . Liz be struggle to keep it together . icontingeny no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 $ 1 . continued : ( 2 ) , liz I lest you father last year . it 's too soon for I to lose you too . zoe it happen to everyone do not it ? do not every mom say that to she daughter ? it 's just a little sooner and a little weirder for we . Liz have no where else to go . liz .-. if I give you permission to marry he , you have to promise to stay close . zoe «+ . what ? liz I will try to manage it in LA for as long as I can . some apartment somewhere -- I and jess . and you have to do the same thing . Close by . so I can still look after you . Zoe go over to Liz . put she arm around she . 20e I know this be not how you imagine ait . | liz oh , we be so far beyond that , and she hold she daughter tight , as if she could keep she close with just she two arm . CUT to : int . high school hallway - day Zoe emerge from the office to find jess lean up against a bank of locker in the empty hallway . zoe what be you -- jess -- Jenna berklund say she think she see Mom at school . ifonttnie NY no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 52 . 7 continued : zoe she say yes . to let Jamie and I ... with , like , condition . but yes . and she 's not gonna take you ‘to Arizona . you guy be gonna stay . jess wow , huh ? ( so conflict ) so ... when , do you and Jamie think you be gonna -- z0e ( in shock ) I dunno . I be still xinda -- soon , I guess . why not ? why not right away ? today , even . she see she sister be struggle with something . zoe ( cont 'd ) what ? jess you gotta promise you will not , like , disappear . 20e iwo not . look , it 's gonna take we awhile to figure out how this be gonna work . where we be gonna live . what we be gonna live on . it 's not like , poof , I be go . jess I know , but still . I need to know that if I call you with something , some problem , something I can not deal with by myself , you will come . you will help . zoe of course , I will . jess. of course . jess {this be hard ) ' Cause otherwise it 's just I . 20e it 's not just you . I promise . she kneel down , hug she sister . ( conttniiedy no place like hame - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 33 . continued : ( 2 ) 20e ( cont 'd ) hey . jess ( fight tear ) I be happy for you . really . I be . he 's great . he be so great . and he really love you . and it 's gonna be great . you be gonna be really really happy and you should definitely do it . . ( a beat ) . I just -- sometimes I wish it be I who be get out , you know ? CUT to : int . high school classroom / hallway - day Jamie 's in a science class , sit at one of that long granite table , not pay attention to the lecture . his lab partner nudge he , indicate the wall of window that face the hallway . it 's Zoe . she press a hand to the glass . and nod . yes . the bell ring . we CUT outside , to Zoe 's Pov , as Jamie rise from he chair and move up the aisle , as the rest of the student rise , begin collect they thing . Jamie navigate he way through they , he eye fix on Zoe the whole time . he reach the door , throw it open . Zoe meet he on the other side . out of breath . disbelieve . jamie yes ? z0e yes . he take she hand and together zhey start down the hallway , where they be quickly join by a throng of student , discharge into the hallway . they thread they way through the mass , disappear around the corner and we be in -- int . CITY hall -- registrar's office - day and circle around they as they stand on line , still hold hand , couple ahead of they and behind they , and they be giddy and dizzy with the craziness of it all and then we be in -- int , CITY hall - judge's chamber - day still circle as Zoe and Jamie stand before a justice of the peace . ( cont tnten ) no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 continued : 54 . we see the justice speak , address they both , but the only sound we hear be they brsath . the world fall away : it 's only the two of they there , together , take this leap . jamie I do . a moment pass . she 's cry a little . 205 I do . and then it 's over . the twirling stop . on they , still . quiet . zoe ( cont 'd ) be you scared ? jamie ( yes ) no. zoe ( I , too ) I , neither . and the camera sit instead of kissing , they move in to each other , and stand , forehead to forehead , so close . ext . aaron's house - night Aaron open the door to find the doorstep empty . CUT to : he take a step out , catch sight of jess scurrying away . aaron uh , hello ? hello ? you . man , you never stop , do you ? jess ( stop , turn ) no. but I change my mind -- look , just , never mind . aaron you be gonna what ? jess I , like , see what be this , doorbell Ditch ? that 's not -- I be gonna ~~ I come to say I be , like , sorry , okay ? frawrranen no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 55 , continued ; aaron you be sorry . jess yeah , stuff 's be go on . with I . at , you know , home . and it be kinda make I a little crazy . not that I be not crazy , I be . I be totally crazy and wild and , like , really unpredictable and I be not apologize for that because that 's just who iam and if you do not get I , well , then screw yor . aaron um , how be this be a apology exactly ? jess it just be . a beat . he look at she . aaron okay then . jess ... . really ? : aaron yeah . ( a small smile ) I be unpredictable , too . abron 's mom ( 0.s. ) honey , who be it ? | they both turn . Aaron 's mother 's stand in the doorway . aaron . - - it 's jessica . the girl I do my family project with . well , sorta , jess - hi , Mrs. rappaport . aaron . . . it 's thayer , actually . she keep she name . jess shut up . ( cont tne no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 56 . continued : ( 2 ) aaron's mom have you have dinner , jessica ? aaron / jess what ? aaron's mom we be just sit down . maybe you would like to join we ? jess look to Aaron . he shrug . aaron you can . if you want . I mean , it 's okay . jess consider for a moment . jess I kinda should get home -- aaron -- right . jess ~~ my sister and she boyfriend , today , they -- aaron -- look , it 's okay . whatever . jess but I mean , I would like to . maybe ... could I come some other time ? she mean it . and something in she voice let he know this . Aaron nod , okay . sure . some other time . CUT to : int . collier house - livingroom - night the front door open and quietly , so as not to disturb anyone , Zoe and Jamie slip in . and stop . Liz and jess be hang a cardboard " congratulation " banner from the stair . zoe oh my God ... you guy ... jess you like it ? rane ring no place like Home ~ Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 57 . continued : Liz we think : this be where you be gonna spend you wedding - night . it should not be ordinary . jamie it 's ... man . z0e you do not have to do this , Mom . Liz what do you mean ? you be my baby girl . ( a beat ) I be pregnant with you when we move in here . bring you home from the hospital , that be the first milestone we celebrate in this house ... and this will be the last . which seem just about right . zoe it 's my whole life . liz you whole life , part one . a beat . jess point over to the table . jess do you see ? we get you a cake . Jamie move to it . look . Zoe follow . jamie I have never see a wedding cake with , like , write on it . zoe or , hmmm , sprinkle . jess it be kinda all they have leave . sorry . jamie it 's great , jess . zoe it 's perfect . ( overwhelm ) really . ( continoedy no place like Home ~- Network draft 's Rev. - 12/9/02 58 . continued : ( 2 ) jess I will get a knife . and plate . and glass . we should make a toast . somebody think of a toast . liz and make sure you save the top . jamie yeah ? really ? zoe for what ? Liz smile . ° Liz for what ? for what ? for luck . she shake she head . at all the thing she daughter do not yet know . CUT to : int . parra house - kitchen ~— night somber . rafael sit at kitchen table , pick at he dinner . Angela be across from he , respectful of he sadness . rafael turn to look at Jamie 's empty chair . finally : rafael his mother be seventeen , you know . a beat . Angela wait for more . rafael ( cont 'd ) it do not even last three year . and he go back to he dinner . : cur to : ext . prison - yard ~ day it 's the same yard where we begin . Zoe wait patiently . Jamie be next to she , hold a small package . she see , a short distance away , a door open ... her father come out , accompany by a guard . she walk toward he , and he come to meet she . Jamie hang back . zoe hi. ( conn teneny no place like Home - Network draft Rev. - : 12/9/02 59 . continued : andy Zo . z0e + ++ I get marry yesterday . that sound weird , do not it ? it 's the first time I have say it out loud , I get marry yesterday . I be marry . ( it hit she ) I be marry . andy Zoe -- zoe ~- what ? you do not have to say it . I know you think it be a terrible idea . andy no , that 's -- ( beat ) this be because of I , Zo. I understand that . if I have not do what I do -~ you have just bea happy high school kid with a boyfriend . zoe okay .... probably . so what ? so thing happen . Jamie 's brother die , and you get in trouble , and I get marry . that 's we life . I be just try to deal with it . ( beat ) I want you to be happy for we . andy ++. I will be . zoe good , because I love he . and he love I . ( beat ) and it 's like as soon as he ask I to marry he , my whole world just snap into place , you know ? I be not say I have all the answer or anything . it 's just , the question do not scare I so much anymore . because I have he . andy right . ( conttnned no place like Home - Network draft Rev. ~ 12/9/02 60 . continued : ( 2 ) zoe you think it 's not that simple . andy it 's not that simple . but it 's very hopeful ... which be a okay place to start . ( beat ; sadly } I would like to have be there . 205 ( turn ; call out ) Jamie ! come on over and he do , carry a plate with foil . extends a hand . jamie Mr. collier . andy Jamie . jamie I want you to know : we bre gonna take care of each other . so do not worry , okay ? andy ... sure. 20e we bring you something . andy - -». you do ? zoe it 's some cake -- a piece of we wedding cake . Jamie unwrap the package . it 's a big piece of cake , with three fork on the side . Andy be genuinely move . zoe ( cont 'd ) I want to share it with you . daddy . andy will you look at that ? and the they dig in , the three of they , celebrate the only way they can . dissolve to : no place like Home ~ Network draft Rev. - 12/9/02 61 .. ext , prison gate - later Jamie and Zoe in he car . the great front gate of the prison : sit close in front of they . Jamie hand he pass to the guard to let they out . he turn back to face the gate . he and Zoe wait patiently . 4 Jamie put out he hand ... and she take it . and the gate slowly slowly begin to slide open . and then come to a stop the world spread out in front of they . ~ they look at each other and smile , full of hope . he turn back ... and step on the gas ... and they be through the gate and free . fade to black , the end