armageddon fade in blackness . then a hint of green become earth . it lie across a expanse of space . richly color . fertile . a gigantic asteroid cut into frame , Burning into earthas atmosphere and strike down in the currant area of guzumel , Mexico . Voice a impact equivalent to ten thousand nuclear weapon detonate simultaneously . a huge dinosaur foot step down hard and be vaporized with a deafen roar . Voice one hundred trillion ton of dirt and rock hurl into the atmosphere . earth , see from space , be rock with a immense shockwave . a sheet of debris wash across the North and South hemisphere . Voice a blanket of dust the sun be powerless to penetrate . for five thousand year we world be rob of light as a nuclear winter fall . in that darkness , a civilisation be remove from existence . earth be now completely entombed in a dark , cold hell . letter push towards we -- " a R m a G E D D o N " 65 million year later earth , reflect off the face of astronaut pete shelby' helmet . it appear close enough to touch . Shelby , attach to shuttle atlantis by lifeline , struggle to replace a piece of the shuttle 's operational arm . Shelby ( with radio squawk ) Houston , I can not get this thing to work ... ext . n.a.s.a . - mission control - day Golden the size of Texas . in a hub of computer and tracking equipment , we find dan golden , former astronaut from Apollo 8 ( first crew to orbit the Moon ) and now n.a.s.a 's second - in -command . Golden be watch Shelby on a series of video screen . flight director walter clark sit with row of n.a.s.a tech . Golden stand over he , arm on the back of he chair . Clark atlantis , what 's the problem ? Shelby ( v.0 ) it just be not work . any suggestion ? Clarke hang on Pete . we will figure something out for you . Golden tap Clark and sit down . Golden ( to Shelby ) we get the top scientific mind in the world work on this . ( a slight smile ) try " whack " the thing . Shelby okay , Houston , commence whack . selby begin whack the satellite with he glove . the satellite come n-line , light up like a Christmas tree . a horrifying rumbling SOUND . shotgun like pellet assault the satellite . shrapnel rip into it 's delicate gold skin . the satellite explode . Shelby 's lifeline break ; he spin off , suit leak from twenty puncture . int . shuttle atlantis commander jame turner turn to he leave General " what the hell be that ? " ext . shuttle atlantis stotgun like pellet shred through atlantis ' n.a.s.a. logo , peel the shuttle down to she rib . fiery explosion . ext . space close on shelby as he twirl away from atlantis . his helmet be fogging . he gasp for air , wretch , he eyelid leak blood . he try to form word Shelby ple...he ...me.... Shelby 's shoulder-cam angle spin end-over-end .... int . n.a.s.a - mission control monitor go dead . n.a.s.a. technician # 1 all system crash ! n.a.s.a. technician # 2 massive failure . we lose they . utter silence . utter desolation . dolly in on golden' face . utter disbelief . int . wku mountian observatory - night Theo and pearl ( at telescope ) , and jimbo ( at the console ) , 20' , be star-gazing . astronomy book , Starbucks cup , etc. , spread all over . nine inch Nails play on the radio . this three could land a date if only they would lose the road flare ( plaid shirt , glass ) that signal the painful fact that they be die-hard science nerd theo's Pov - through wku telescope - Far off in space be a dusty , murky swarm of matter - something resembling a floating explosion . jimbo when be we go to let n.a.s. a in on what we have find ? theo we do not even know what we have yet . comet , asteroid - it could be anything up there . and do not be so eager to red flag n.a.s.a . they do not call we when they discover anything . jimbo yeah , but this be they sandbox be play in . theo this be we discovery . we be go to hold a press conference . we be go to be famous . spacewatch will name this thing after we . job offer be go to fly in from all the big company . j.p.l. , that think tank up at m.i.t. , hell even n.a.s.a. will be chase we . Pearl I be go on Oprah , Larry King , letterman ... jimbo Hell with they , I be go on Howard stern .... Pearl ( concentrate ) this thing really act up tonight . we should find out if anyone else know about this . theo how ? jimbo ( master of factly ) call n.a.s. a theo and say what ? " hi , we be a couple astronomer geek who find something really bitchin ; floatin ' in space . " you can not just call n.a.s.a . it 's like call the White House . besides , you will never get the number . jimbo I have the number . I get it from " mega monster . " Pearl who ? jimbo he 's some super-hacker , I go to high school with . guy 's totally wire into every encrypt government installation . theo he 's also a ex-con . jimbo they never prove he shut down the power in that seven state . theo grab the phone . int . houston TEXAS - johnson space CENTER - night Golden and he crew , devastate and exhaust , search for answer . we cut around the room . Clark what the hell be that ? technician 1 Space junk ? technician 2 too big , too much . it take out the whole shuttle . Clark the press be go to want answer . what be we go to say ? Golden nothing . not until we know what happen . intercut - n.a.s.a. mission control / wku observatory int . n.a.s.a . - mission control two n.a.s.a. tech , flip and skip , look very haggard , furiously type number into the circulator . the phone ring , flip answer . jimbo ( whisper to Pearl &amp ; theo ) I get mission control ....! flip yeah , Mission Control . jimbo ( into phone ) uhh hi , I be a astronomer in kentucky , and I be wonder if you guy have see some strange activity in the southern middle quadrant of the asteroid belt between antare Major and epsilom Scorpio .... flip who be this ? jimbo my name ? uhh .... Louis lipshitz ... flip this be a restrict line . how do you get it ? where be you ? jimbo lexington ... Massachusetts . flip can you tell I the exact co-ordinate ..? theo hang up ! hang up now ! jimbo hang up the phone . theo lexington .. uhh ... massachusettes . idiot . I tell you not to call they . ext . manhattan island - sunrise establish . the sun rise over the Brooklyn Bridge . ext . manhatten - madison avenue - early morning little guy , still yawn , exit a apartment with a Jack Russell terrier on a long retractable leash . terrier' Pov as the little dog attack the city , look for a place to relieve himself . the man stop in front of a " crazy Eddie 's " t.v. store . floor - to-ceil t.v. 's in the window broadcasting e.s.p.n. 's " Morning Exercise show " with hot woman sweat . the Jack Russell strain on the leash to a FIRE hydrant . a shoe be next to the hydrant , connect to a huge samoan guy watch the pelvic thrust on t.v . the dog lift he leg and pee , hit both hydrant and shoe . the huge samoan guy kick the dog . the dog yelp . Little guy you kick my dog again and I will go nuclear on you . the t.v. image blink and static . a massive sonic boom emanate directly above . the huge samoan guy look up as --- a rock , the size of a basketball , strike he and explode into the pavement , spew spark and concrete , throw pedestrian to the sidewalk . int . " crazy eddie be " t.v. store fifty t.v.s be blown across the showroom floor . salesmen and customer dive to the floor , scream . ext . manhatten - " crazy eddie " Little guy , lie on the sidewalk , recover . his dog leash run from the leash grip into a 10 foot crater in the sidewalk . the huge samoan guy 's legs protrude . Little guy samson ? pedestrian somebody call 9-1-1 ! inside the crater - the jack russell dangle by the leash . embed in the hole 30 foot below be a smoking , red hot object . int - n.o.r.a.d . - cheyenne mountain the U.S. 's early warning Air Defence . two u.s.a.f radar technician be hunch over radar screen . radar tech 1 I get one , two , three boggy ... the whole board 's lighting up ! the radar tech 2 hit a klaxon , stab phone line button . ext . manhatten - morning traffic be ground to a halt . camera move into a cab . stu , the cabbie , with a asian tourist , who 's craning he neck out the window . asian Tourist what 's the problem ? stu could be a couple of thing : shootin ' , stabbin ' , dead guy ( shrug ) well , it 's Friday , payday . could be a jumper . a projectile the size of a dump truck scream through the sky and blast through three huge building . more projectile explode in the intersection . Cars get throw everywhere . stu 's cab slam upside down into johnny' bar . one block down . the entire top five stories -- a shear section topple and hit the street below . brick , mortar and gargoyle everywhere . ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - pentagon - day establish , over which we hear ringing phone . ext . pentagon - general temple's office - day Chaos in the corridor . general temple , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff , a man of stature , burst out of he office , meet by he secretary . Secretary we be get report as far away as Greenland and part of Mexico ! Temple get I Dan Goldman on the secure phone . Temple enter he office and pick up a secure phone . int . mission control - inside the glass - encased room Golden enter the room and sit down . technician flip hand he a secure phone . Golden sink into he chair . in the b.g. , video monitor show twenty live feed from t.v. station across the country . Temple ( v.o. ) can you go secure ? Golden ( press a button on the phone ) I be secure . go ahead , General . he listen ... we hear the distinct gargle voice of a secure line . Golden when ? Temple ( v.o. ) twelve minute ago . now you know what happen to you shuttle . intercut - golden / temple int . pentagon - general temple's office - day Temple pace in he office . Temple I be go to brief the President . what 's go on here , Dan ? why do not we have warning ? Golden tell the president it 's call " budget cut . " we do not have enough telescope to track the sky . Temple be it over ? Golden I do not know . we will figure it out . ( hang up ) int . mission control - inside the glass - encased room flip enter the room . skip write note .... Golden ( to skip and flip ) fly a team up to New York . contact every Space watch facility in the world . we gotta find what part of the sky this be come from . skip I will call j.p.l. and get the hubble telescope on it . Golden do we find who make the phone call last night ? flip the f.b.i. 's on it . int . kentucky - dormitory room theo be sleep . the door be rammed in . two f.b.i. agent roar into the room , overwhelming he . ext . kentucky - college campus Pearl and jimbo be walk across campus . two black sedan pull up . the kid increase they pace . the sedan skid to a stop . f.b.i. agent spring from the car , cuff they and CUT to manhatten - johnny be - day stu 's upside down cab , in front of johnny 's . a tow truck remove dent car from the trash intersection . career drunk , frank , fred and willie , stand in the threshold look out at the devastate intersection . stu sit on top of he cab , listen to the guy Frank this city suck ... Fred what the hell be it ? Willie they be sayin ' it 's space rock . stu rock from space , my ass . that , my friend , be the work of the big Saddam . that be big -ass iraqi missile int . manhattan - subway - day f.b.i. agent and n.a.s.a. scientist examine a chunk of asteroid , still smoulder , which have rip through the roof and floor of a subway car . the plastic seat and aluminium panell of the car have melt . ext . kentucky - interrogation room - afternoon jimbo , theo and Pearl sit in front of three f.b.i. agent . two n.a.s.a. astronomers look over the kid ' telescope photo with concern . jimbo so , that n.a.s.a. guy be not kiddin ; about bein ' arrest and .... Federal agent please shut up . jimbo yes , absolutely , yes sir . n.a.s.a. astronomer I be a n.a.s.a. astronomer . when be this photo take ? Federal agent and which of you call n.a.s.a. Mission Control last night ? jimbo ( point at theo ) him . theo ( point at jimbo ) him . jimbo I be call the Houston area code , which be 713 . I be call 712 , which be outside spokane , Washington , where my aunt Zelda .... n.a.s.a. astronomer tell we the exact ascension angle of you telescope when this be take . theo it 's we discovery . no way . n.a.s.a. astronomer you " discovery " kill close to 100 people in New York alone - people who could have use a warning . jimbo , theo and Pearl lower they eye . jimbo we math must have be off ! we think it be gonna pass the Earth ! Pearl ascension 712 , retention 345 . f.b.i. agent 2 and you have tell no one about this - not you teacher , not you friend ? n.a.s.a. astronomer ( into cellular phone ) j.p.l. , please . search co-ordinate ... int . pasadena california - j.p.l. - night n.a.s.a. 's jet propulsion Laboratory home of the hubble space telescope . two j.p.l. technician man the hubble 's control console . j.p.l. technician 1 New info ! plot co-ordinate 712 by 345 . let 's move on high-resolution imaging . j.p.l. technician 2 punch the co-ordinate into a control console . ext . outer space - continuous ( day ) the hubble space telescope float by in geosynchronous orbit . the telescope tilt , reposition in view . int . pasadena california - j.p.l. - night image from the hubble arrive on a high resolution printer . j.p.l. technician 1 grab four photo from the printer . technician 2 swipe stuff off the console , make room . together they arrange the four photo . they star silently at the awesome composite photo . j.p.l. technician 1 motherfu ...... int . n.a.s.a . - mission control - enclosed room - night Golden and all he technician crowd around a console , stare at a smaller version of the composite photo . Golden copy to the Pentagon , Colorado Space Command , and the Washington office . we gotta compute size , composition , speed , impact point we see the photo -- a huge asteroid ext . outer space - continuous - day camera push through a cloud of rocky , icy debeis , penetrate the cloud until the huge asteroid core come into clear view -- a mass of dirt and ice -- rough , craggy , menace . int . n.a.s.a . - briefing room - night Golden and Clark enter . a group of ten n.a.s.a. senior technician be all talk at once . Golden okay guy , one of the worst day in n.a..s.a history just get worse . ten million to one . a rogue comet come from deep space and collide with a asteroid . some kid actually get a picture of the collision event and tell no one . the stuff that hit this morning be the collision 's forward - throw matter , mere pebble from what 's about to come . walter ? Clark a big asteroid . e.t.a. , eighteen day . a lot bigger than the five mile one that obliterate the dinosaur . silence . everybody stare at each other . the phone chirp . Golden 's Secretary director , the Pentagon . Golden hit a button . a large t.v. screen establish audio / visual link . intercut ; pentagon - situation room / n.a.s.a . - briefing room int . pentagon - situation room - night Temple sit with the Joint Chiefs , White House Chief of staff , the director of the n.a.s.a. , c.i.a. , etc . Temple Dan , we be all here . tell we what we be up against . Golden ( v.o. ) in it 's simple term ? the end of mankind . one asteroid , one mile wide or bigger , impact the Earth with the equivalent force of all the nuclear weapon in the world , time a thousand . half we population will die within 24 hour from tidal wave and heat pulse . the other half will not be so lucky . in the end , it will be man eat the flesh of other man . ( beat ) it 's not the end of the world , General , the world - Earth - will still be here . but there will be no life - maybe cockroach and some resilient strand of bacteria . Temple well , that 's really positive , Dan . the President just get off the phone with the Russians . they be just about to launch a new Mars probe on the biggest rocket in the world . Golden and the n.a.s.a. brass exchange sceptical look . Golden ( v.o ) with the worst guidance system in the world . they Mars probe in ' 96 be find by a pygmy tribe in Africa . Temple they be go to pull off the probe and replace it with four atlas class iv nuclear warhead . enough punch in they opinion - not to break it up - but to slow it down enough to miss Earth 's orbit . Golden ( v.o ) they launch date be set for next month . Temple they be go to move it up . Golden ( v.o ) to when ? Temple sixteen hour from now . all the n.a.s.a. technician clamor at once . Golden ( v.o ) what be they gonna do , glue , spit , and scotch tape it together ? even if they get a nuke out to the asteroid , a surface nuclear detonation be not go to work . the only way be to split the thing in half and hope the two piece slide past we . Temple thank you for bring up the impossible , Dan . colinswood people , the President 's join we , Mr. President ? President ( v.o ) well , this have be a tough day . the media 's all over this . they be go to get nothing . telling the public we might all be dead in eighteen day achieve nothing but panic . Golden ( v.o ) Mr President , find this speck in the sky be a very hard thing to do unless you have the exact co-ordinate . there be only twelve telescope powerful enough to see it right now . you have get a full moon goin ' for four day - make it all but impossible to see .. once this thing draw closer to Earth , you will never keep a lid on this . no way . int . n.a.s.a. briefing room - night the video screen blink off . Golden look at he tech . Golden how many of you be as scared as I be ? Golden raise he hand . all the other n.a.s.a . tech , one by one , raise they hand . Golden one giant leap for mankind . everyone remember that ? this be what we be go to do . we be go to fly to that asteroid with a nuclear device , implant it and get off before it blow . quincy ? all eye turn to n.a.s.a. Chief of r&amp ;d , ronald quincy . quincy have coke bottle glass and a 198 i.q. quincy look : set a fire cracker off in you open palm , you get a third degree burn . Close you fist , it will do some serious damage . if we can get a nuke deep in one of the asteroid 's fault line , she will split in two , like a diamond . Golden you be all look art we like we be crazy . we be not . skip Dan , we currant shuttle fleet be too old and too slow . Golden what I be go to tell you be a breach of national security and could land I in jail , but in eighteen day there arnt ' gonna be any jail , so .... we be not gonna use a current shuttle . gentlemen , I be talk about the X - 71 . skip it 's do ? quincy have be for three month . ext . arizona desert - flight testing facility - day n.a.s.a. 's flight testing facility . a flat , hard , dry area dominate by a enormous hanger . the hanger door be open ; breeze blow back a black silk tarpaulin , revealing the X -71 's nose . technician come and go . int . n.a.s.a - briefing room - day Golden time be we enemy . this be like the race to the Moon , guy - what this Agency be found on . skip boss , we be good at space travel , but you be talkin ' about drilling a hole . Golden quincy 's be work on excavate the ice from the Moon - he 's gonna reorient he think . right , quince ? quincy right . and the first thing I be gonna do be talk to the guy I rip off . his name be Harry S. stamper . he 's the best oil driller in the world . Golden I do not care who he be , what he 's do . ext . norway coast - NORTH sea - " troll " oil rig - day super - day two Close on a golf ball . thwack ! the golf ball explode off the tee from a oil rig . the " troll " be the large man-made structure in the world - 12 aircraft carrier big and 1200 foot tall . a self - contain city . harry stamper , world 's foremost expert on offshore deep drilling , immaculately attire in golf attire and spike , stand on a patch of astroturf with a five iron in he hand . pipe - in mozart drow out the rig noise . ext . " troll " - drilling platform - " a " derrick - day the main drilling platform . on " a " derrick , Chief driller , a.j. frost , 30 , handsome , be at the control . roughnecks " jimbo " cartwright , " bear " brown , " chick " chapple , tito guevara , and max logan , handle 20 foot section of pipe drilling srtring with a hydraulic tong and clamp . roughneck bennie morgan , late 20' a ox of a man , come across the platform , pull a oily green coverall and don he hard -hat . bennie examine the rig 's downhole pressure gauge . bennie chick ! take a look at this ! chick pressure 's be up all morning . she kick twice on I . a.j. 's eye move to a tall blond man on he lunch break across the rig . a.j . what do we always - at- lunch - swedish geologist say ? bennie jah , jah , jah . no bleeper . too much pressure . chick you askin ' the old man ? a.j. nod and walk off . ext . " troll " rig - top tier Harry hit another ball . we reveal he target , a greenpeace boat anchore off the rig . the ball strike the side of the boat , just miss the head of one of the protester . Harry almost catch that little bastard . he admire he shot as he daughter , grace , walk up . Grace be late 20' , business dress , Harvard Law . Grace have fun ? Harry hit another ball . it miss the boat , skip across the water . Grace sure slice the shit outta that one . ( frown ) Harry watch you language , Gracie . Grace seagull swallow that and they die . Harry stupid bird . Harry 's eye move to a group of greenpeace protester across the rig , be hold back by stamper oil security guard . Grace I just talk with a.j. Harry talk to he quite a bit this day .... Grace ( awkward pause ) " a " rig 's act up . the drill string kick twice this morning , give chick a nasty bruise in the head . Harry good . he 's not vulnerable there . Grace chase manhatten okay the bridge financing for the micronesia Project , but at 21 percent interest . and Lloyd 's of London refuse to underwrite the venezuela&gt ; Project .... Harry thiefe and coward , all of them . twist they arm . Grace I be . Harry keep twist . like a pit bull . Grace oh , and that magazine article - they want some human interest stuff - like and dislike . " like " I say golf , fly fishing , single malt scotch , Old movie . what about " dislike ? " Harry any kind of fly and oil company executive . go deal with them . I always look better when you be do the talk . Harry hit another ball . clang . Grace you know you donate 300 grand a year to greenpeace . Harry smile at the contradiction . Harry what would you mother call I ? Grace complicate . Harry yeah well .... I be complicated . Grace walk off , pass a.j. , winking at he . a.j. wink back . a.j . what 's he mood ? Grace complicate . a.j. walk up to Harry . Harry I understand we be have problem with " a " rig . a.j. I be on top of it ( Harry pick up he bag ) Harry , you have a second ? Harry yeah . one . a.j. I will hurry . I have work for you for a long time . Harry twelve year . a.j . and you have be real good to I .... Harry another company make you a offer , kid ? a.j. no . the reason I be here , today , stand here , talk to you . I be obviously talk to you ... but it 's , you know , not , uhh ... it 's not a oil-relate matter exactly .... Harry you be sweat , a.j. a.j . you know there come a time in a man 's life when ... ( to himself ) no , that 's a cliché ... ( to Harry ) can I start again ? I , uhh , fall ... I have fall ... Harry you hurt yourself ? a.j . in love , I mean . fall in love . it 's the damnedest thing , but this person you ... know ... really well . across the platform - Grace escort five angry oil industry executive over to Harry . a klaxon sound . Harry , alarmed , rush right past they , toward the " a " Derrick . they follow , snap at he heel oil executive 1 you explicitly promise result at 25 thousand foot . Harry we have result . oil executive 2 but we do not have oil . we have give you everything you have ask .... Harry horseshit . what the ...? chick ! bennie ! somebody better tell I why the hell " a " derrick be not turn ! chick hurry up to Harry . chick the uhh .... the greenpeace guy . Harry approach " a " Derrick . five member of greenpeace have handcuff themselves in a circle around the drilling pipe . Harry hey there , what can I do for you ? greenpeace leader this be a official protest . Harry ' course it be . I love you guy . you like dolphin and whale , I like them too . hey , I know you . you too . do not you have short hair ? greenpeace leader stamper , do you know what this thing do to the eco-system ? Harry how would you get out here ? canoe ? rowboat ? oh , that boat down there with a thousand horsepower diesel ! greenpeace leader how can you wake up every day and look at yourself in the mirror ? Harry the same way you do when you blow -dry you hair this morning . and you use a curling iron , I betcha . do you know most electricity 's from burn oil ? I '' stop drillin ' when the world - stop usin ' it . bennie , start 'er up ! greenpeace leader wait ........ Harry can not wait ! I be a businessman ! that goons over there give I 57 mile . to find oil and they be not leavin ' till I do ! ' cause they have no life ! the drill string begin to turn in the hole . greenpeace leader we .... we throw away the key . Harry sorry . time be money . bennie ! the massive hydraulic kelly begin to descend on the greenpeace activist ' head . greenpeace leader stop !!!! Harry bennie ! third gear ! the greenpeace leader miraculously produce a key and frantically begin unlock the handcuffs . Grace turn to the oil executive . Grace he 's good at public relation . a.j. approach Grace ; they watch Harry . Grace so ? ( a.j. stare at she ) what ? ( no response ) what ? ( no response ) a.j.? suddenly , across " a " Derrick , a klaxon sound . chick she 's kickin ' ! the civilian get the hell away . Harry and a.j. run toward the rig . chick pressure 's north of seven thousand ! a.j . we gotta clear the Derrick ! Harry ( look at wellhead ) chick , rig up another pipe . ( chick and bennie look at Harry with uncertainty ) now , not tomorrow . chick and bennie begin clamping , and tong a pipe strand onto the drill string like a indy pit stop crew . a.j. Harry , we have hit pressure . we gotta bleed it off . e go any deeper , we will blow the rig . Harry thanks for that opinion . chick , full speed ! a.j . the bit 's five thousand foot down ! full speed will rip the pipe apart ! Harry you learn all this in college ? I be do this thirty year , kid . get on the control . a.j. move reluctantly to the drilling control . chick nod to a.j. , who engage the gear . the pipe string turn at full speed . the new drill pipe descend ten foot into the hole , then .... the torque rip the newly attached pipe from the drilling string . the drill spin freely . a.j. hit the " stop ! lever and stare at Harry . the roughneck converge around the wellhead . a.j. I be goin ' down . reattach it . gimme a wrench and a band coupling . chick hand the item to a.j. a.j. descend into the drilling hole . int . down the drilling hole - day a.j. , hold he breath under water , shimmy down the drilling pipe foot - first , inside the water - fill concrete tube run from the rig to the ocean floor . a.j. begin wrestle the disconnect section together . ext . rig - " a " derrick the wellhead kick . the rig platform shake and shudder . seawater erupt from the wellhead . chick the drill hole 's flooding ! Grace a.j .!! Harry strip off he jacket and climb into the wellhead . he take a huge breath and disappear into the brine - fill drilling hole . int . drilling hole a.j. be pin against the hole wall by one of the disconnect pipe . Harry come down the hole . he plant he back against the hole wall and kick the pipe , freeing a.j. a slow , deep , rumble emanate from below . the briny water inside the hole suddenly turn black and viscous . a.j. and Harry exchange a alarmed look . Harry , then a.j. , pull for the surface , up the drilling hole as -- ext . drilling platform - " a " derrick - day -- the wellhead kick again . the rig platform shudder violently . the derrick sway . seawater spews up from the wellhead . chick get back , she 's gonna blow ! Grace , chick , bennie and the other roughnecks huddle around the flood drilling hole , wait . tense , agonise second pass . Harry scramble out , cover in .... crude oil . he grab Grace and pull she away . Grace where 's a.j .!!!? Harry right behind I ! run ! the platform shake . Harry , Grace , and the other sprint away as -- a geyser of crude oil erupt from the drilling hole , blow a.j. out of the hole fifteen foot above the wellhead . a.j. crash to the platform floor . crude oil rain down on Grace and the roughnecks ... they run to a.j . Grace never do that again ! close on a.j. - he 's look back at the drill hole , panting , traumatise , greasy oil raining on he head . a.j . you know how I tell you there be two obstacle ? I do not do the first , ' cause he 's tough ... but I do the second ...! ( pull out case ; open it ) I get it at uhm .. Tiffany 's . I can not give it to you until I talk to he , but try it on . she reach for the ring . it slip from a.j. 's hand and fall through the grate floor , pinging off the rig 's steel pylon , 100 foot into the sea below . Grace do not worry ! Tiffany 's insure up to a week from purchase ! a.j. stare despondently over the railing . Harry , black with crude oil , stagger past a.j. a.j. ( pointedly ) good plan , Harry . Harry ( walk over to oil execs ) there 's you oil , gentleman . now get the hell off my rig . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control - day Golden , Clark , skip , flip and the rest of the Mission Control technician watch a live feed from Russia . a russian energia super booster rocket sit on its launch platform . flip look it that sucker . they get a nuke up there in sixteen hour ? skip it will never fly . never . Clark Three thing the Russians make well , guy - vodka , gymnast and rocket . do not count them out . Golden it 's the late 20th century , I run the U.S. Space Program , and I be praying to God the Russians be better at this than we be .... ext . russia space CENTER - smolinskaya a.f. base - day the ground begin to shake uncontrollably . exhaust billow out from the rocket 's booster . the Russian rocket blast off and lift into .... something 's wrong . the rocket stop accelerate and stand still for a moment . it fall to Earth ; blowing up in a thunderous inferno . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control - day Golden , Clark , and all the n.a.s.a . tech stare at the burn rocket . Golden so , where 's we oil driller ? ext . rig - " a " derrick a champagne cork pop and widen to Harry , Grace , a.j. , and all fifty roughnecks . the wellhead 's be cap ; pump 2500 gallon per minute . Harry to hole number seventy - six ! roughnecks ( unison ) hole number seventy - six ! the oil executive stand off , watch . oil executive 1 seventy - six ? oil executive 2 this be Harry 's seventy - Sixth straight hit . oil executive 1 the man 's a legend . we hear the whop , whop , whop of helicopter blade . Harry , Grace and a.j. turn toward the noise . two U.S. army blackhawk helicopter whirr across the choppy ocean . ext . oil rig - top tier heli - pad - minute later the helicopter land on the heli-pad on the oil rig 's top tier , major stinson , 50' , wear formal dress and sunglass along with two strapping adjutant stride across the rig . Major stinson Harry stamper ? I be Major William stinson , United States Army . I need a few word with you . in private . Harry say it now , say it quick , or get off my rig , Major . I have get a business to run here . Major stinson you have be summon back to the States . Harry who 's doin ' the summoning ? Major stinson you government , Mr stamper . int . someplace in kentucky - holding cell - night jimbo , theo and Pearl sit in a hold cell some place . jimbo 's bang on the door . jimbo hey , zipperhead ! ever watch " L.A. Law ? " right to remain silent , right to a attorney ? my brother 's a bad - ass lawyer - he 's gonna sue you ass to Mars . I be in pre - law for a month - you can not put somebody in jail for makin ' a phone call !!! Pearl it be not about that , jimbo . we see something we be not suppose to . theo something they be not tell the public . jimbo yeah , that 's why they be so hot for the co-ordinate . do you think it 's a asteroid ? or comet ? theo I dunno - but I bet it 's a whopper . int . n.a.s.a. flight mission room - day Harry , aj. and Grace be lead into the room by stinson . quincy 's eye move to Harry -- quincy he 's here . quincy , Clark and Golden stand , approach -- quincy ( cont would ) Dan Golden , meet mister Harry stamper , the finest oil driller in the world . Golden mister stamper .. ( shaking hand ) Dan Golden , I be director of -- Harry I know who you be . I watch t.v. once . Apollo 8 , right ? first manned lunar orbit . Golden that be a long time ago . I run this place now . and we have get a serious problem on we hand that quincy here think you might be able to help we out with -- quincy eagerly outstretch he hand . they shake . quincy do not let go . quincy I be a big fan , Mr. stamper . Harry I kinda catch that . ( to Golden ) what 's the problem , gentleman ? Golden I wonder if we might speak alone ? Harry this two be my right and leave arm . Grace stamper and Albert Jack frost . stupid name , so we call he a.j.. ( handshake ) they run my company . you talk to I , you talk to they . Golden okay . Golden direct everyone into -- int . n.a.s.a . - briefing room - day Golden , Temple , Clark , Harry , Grace , and a.j. sit in a dark room view a videotape . quincy stand beside the projector , supplying narration . on the tape we see Harry on a rig platform shaking hand with a arab businessman -- Harry great , home movie . Grace and a.j. smile . quincy nineteen eighty five . the first well drill over 50 thousand foot . they say it could not be do . you do it . incredible . on the screen - Harry 's on another rig , shaking hand with a indonesian businessman . Harry lean over and kiss the bit . the businessman shake they head , awed . quincy ( cont would ) nineteen ninety - one . directional drilling through two mile of anthracite . they also say that could not be do . you do it . incredible . Harry look at quincy strangely ; this sure be a bizarre form of celebrity . quincy ( cont would ) ninteen ninety - Three . the first hole over seventy thousand . once again they say -- Golden move it along , quincy . quincy right , sorry . mister stamper , you be the world 's foremost expert in deep drilling . you hold specialize patent in high speed bit , drilling fluid , downhole motor can I call you Harry ? Harry stick with stamper . Golden well , mister stamper , we need you to drill a hole . it 's in a difficult place . Harry I have drill in they all . Golden not ... this place . this be really out there . ( beat ) Space , mister stamper . Harry as in ... outer ? satellite photo of the asteroid come up on the screen -- Temple you have watch the news the last 24 hour ? you hear about the meteor shower ? ( Harry nod ) what you do not know be that a asteroid be on a collision course with Earth . if it hit we , Earth as we know it will be over . Golden we be man a mission to that asteroid to plant a nuclear device in it 's core . to do that we need to drill a eight hundred foot hole . Harry look at a.j. and Grace . Harry a.j. , be this guy shitting I ? a.j. I do not think they shit people at n.a.s.a. , Harry -- Harry a eight hundred foot hole . on a move asteroid . in space . Golden all we want be you advice in perfect we drilling arm , any help you can provide . we will pay you usual consultancy , of course . Harry show I you rig . int . n.a.s.a . - research and development - day quincy lead Golden , Harry , a.j. , Grace , and Clark through n.a.s.a. 's Research and development area . this place look like " q' " weapon shop from the James bond movie as fund by every company on the fortune 500 -- huge , clinically clean , dominate by massive rocket engine . technician in white coat and hairnet work on a variety of equipment . technician hunch over a rover vehice , not the golf cart use on the moon . this be low , squat , sturdy , with a enclose airlock passenger compartment . quincy the " armadillo " - we fourth generation rover . it carry a six - cell solar engine with 824 horse . this be a joint venture with the Germans . ( wink ) it 's design by porsche . quincy motion to two technician . they roll over a robotic arm on a gurney , power by a electric motor . the robotic arm be connect to a oil drilling bit . Harry where 's the Kelly ? quincy this baby work without one . Harry how do it work ? Harry start to inspect the bit . quincy it work through a series of complexly design differential gear . Harry 's face tighten , as he study the bit further -- Harry this be my patent . quincy " drill power transfer without conventional hydraulics , " by Harry S. stamper . you register it with the U.S. patent Office last year . Harry you steal it . quincy we just borrow it , mister stamper . quincy unpocket a remote control panel and press a button . the drill bit press down into a block of concrete and begin to rapidly chew through it , as Harry marvel at the realisation of he design . quincy ( cont would ) we build this arm to mine ice from the moon -- great discovery in space in thirty year . Harry what would this cost ? Golden ten million . quincy twenty - we million . Harry Boy , I be in the wrong line of work . so , that 's where my tax go . for thievin ' incompetent , government employ rip-off artist ? a.j. no torque adjustment , no pressure release valve .... a big hunk of junk . quincy we be work on that . Harry what happen if you hit gas ? you have three second . drill faster , run like hell , or pray . ( beat ) time 's up . you be dead . , the rig just blow . Golden gentlemen , gentleman , wait a second . the crux of the matter .... Harry hang on . I betcha everyone in this room have a ph.d . Golden or three .... Harry I leave school after tenth grade . I earn my ph . D every day offshore drilling hole . you can not get it in a book . drill hole be about instinct - about smellin ' it . drillin ' hole be a art . you want the crux of the matter ? ( beat ) you steal my patent , and you do not have a goddamn idea how to use it . as for this piece o' crap , do not insult I . ( walk around the rig ) I will rebuild it - the right way - and drill the hole for you . Grace uhm , pop , could we discuss this ...? Harry just give I a space suit . Golden you will not need one . you be not go up . Harry you do not have a choice . I think all you ph.d 's know that . Harry walk off . Grace and a.j. follow . Golden ( call after Harry ) Harry . let 's figure this out . int . n.a.s.a . - conference room - day Harry sit opposite Golden and Temple . Grace and a.j. stand behind he . Harry first of all , you be go to buy my patent . Temple of course , completely in order . what be the price ? Harry fifty million dollar . uncomfortable pause . Temple clear he throat . Temple Mr. stamper , this mission be to preserve the future of .... Harry you be right , too low . I be still piss . seventy million . Temple done . Harry look to Grace . Harry give that money to my greenpeace buddy . ( smile ) told you ... complicated . Harry go to shake , pull back -- Harry ( cont would ) and I never want to pay tax again . Temple I will call the i.r.s. , try to uhm , explain the situation . they begin to shake . Harry withdraw he hand . Harry I have this great log cabin in Montana . it 's kind of a nature ... getaway ... thing . Temple you want we to buy that , too ? Harry no . I fly fish there . but the fly fishin 's suck ever since they put in that goddamn hydro -electric dam . I want it go by the time I get back . Temple reluctantly nod . they stand to shake , Harry pull away again . Harry ( cont would ) now about my crew . Golden the deal be for you , not other . Harry I be only as good as the man I work with . the one in that home movie of yours . Golden it 's out of the question . Harry half -smile to Grace . Golden ( cont would ) okay , who ? Harry : my chief tool pusher . you game a.j.? a.j. would not miss it , Harry . Harry and my roughneck , roustabouts , and rockhound ? Temple rock what ? be that a dog ? Harry no . just a meek , geek geophysicist . Golden what kind of man be this ? int . superstretch limousine - day bennie , chick ( 30' , a street philosopher ) , Max ( 35 , hulky ) , tito , and rockhound ( small , wiry ) be riding in high style . chick be hang out of the sun roof with he shirt off . Radio 's on full blast . rockhound 's pour whiskey from the fancy decanter . chick we be live large ! bennie ( talk on a cellular phone ) give I nickel on Miami , Washington , San Diego , and Green bay. ( listen ) quit whining . last thing I need be to be friend with my bookie . ( listen , then angry ) ( more ) bennie ( cont would ) look , when the entire mexican Army have butch and the sundance kid trap in that Hacienda , do they wait to die ? Hell no . they go out gun blaze . I live by the code of that movie , man . bennie hang up the phone , he look across from he at -- tito guevara , late 30' , stocky , tattooe , latino , ( reform 118th Street L.A. o.g. gangbanger who be rescue from the street ten year back and put to work on a rig by Harry ) be read a book " Men be from Mars , woman be from venus . " chick drop down into he seat , continue he heat discussion with Max . chick Charlie bronson could kick Steve mcqueen 's ass and have enough leave over to duke it out with burt reynold in he " smokey and the bandit " period . Max I be glad you qualified that shit ' cause you know the burt reynold of " deliverence " would have kick Charlie 's ass . chick burt be trouble in that flick . Max what would you say the all - time , slam - bam , take - no-prisoner , kick - ass Charlie bronson movie be ? chick all time ? well , let I think . " dirty Dozen , " the first " death wish . " no , no ! that movie where he hunt the buffalo . I do not remember the name but he hunt a buffalo and he say like three word during the whole picture . that 's my selection . Max Fine . the buffalo movie . that 's you pick . you relly think that buffalo Charlie could have throw - down with the Steve mcqueen form " bullitt ? " chick he 'da whoope he ass and then he father 's . we will settle this right now . rockhound ? you hear the debate . you be the Supreme Court . what 's the final verdict ? rockhound tough call . but for I though , one name -- poncherello . Eric estrada . you know , " chip . " chick and Max just look at he . a beat . then -- Max what do you ask he for ? guy make he live look at rock . the limo pull over and stop . the driver get out and walk to the rear door . open it . ext . n.a.s.a . - front of facility - day the roughnecks get out in front of the johnson space CENTER . they stare up at the familiar n.a.s.a. logo imprint on the building . chick and bennie exchange look -- behind they a batter Ford pick - up pull up , drive by 71 year - old " mama " mabel brown . mabel 's six foot - five , 375 pound son , bear , get out of the car . bear ' bye , mama . mabel reginald , get over here and kiss you mama goodbye . bear in front of the guy ? mabel never too old to kiss you mama . jimbo , six - foot five , 375 pound , bald , pull up on a harley davidson motorcycle . he climb off the bike . chick there be not no oil in this place . what the hell be we do here ? int . johnson space CENTER - medical wing - day Harry have just brief he crew on the mission . bear be you out of you mind ? chick Harry , this be some " Star Wars " shit . this be not for we . Harry it 's a job , like any other . just a different location . Max we work rig . we understand rig . we do not know dick about be astronaut . rockhound ( point ) I might add that to get we up there they be go to have to strap we ass on one of that rocket . that mean fire , involuntary shit release , and a slew of other stuff I can not hang with . jimbo we do not have " the right stuff , " know what I be say ? ( look around ) we be roughnecks . Harry I would rather die up there fight this thing than sit here wait for it . Harry 's line hang in the air . everyone exchange look . bear I do not like the idea of wait around to croak . it 's wimpy . chick if Harry - the-iron -ass be go , I be go with he . bear Hell , I be go just so I can say I go . ( shrug ) once we get up there , it 's make hole . tito I be in . int . johnson space CENTER - examination room - day Max , chick , and tito sit in hospital smock on two examination table . they have tattoo , long hair . a cigarette dangle from tito 's lip . AIR force nurse be everywhere . a nurse clip a swatch of hair from each of the man . she come to tito . he grab she arm . take the scissors from she . tito nobody touch my hair but I . he cut a swatch of hair , give it to she . a second nurse be in front of Max and tito . Max you be not take any more blood . you vampire already have enough to feed you coven for a year . nurse ( nasally -voice ) we need to know what substance you have recently ingest . tito what , uhh , " substance " you talkin ' about ? nurse ( matter of fact ) drug . ma and tito eye each other nervously . head nurse , helga , stand before chick with a enama probe and a jar of vaseline . chick a ena-what ? helga enema . chick and you want to stick it where ? helga stick the enema probe in a jar of vaseline . chick ( cont would ) no way , lady . I come here to drill . helga so do I . int . johnson space CENTER - psychological testing CENTER - day chick sit before a hugely endow but square female n.a.s.a. clinical psychologist . psychologist say the first two word that come to mind , beginning with each letter . chick bodacious and .... bountiful . ( she hold up " S " ) succulent and sinful . she hold up the letter " F " and hold on chick reaction . int . johnson space CENTER - examination room - day Harry sit before the Chief physician , dr . bank . Golden look out the window . Dr. bank , dead -serious , flip through the medical and psychiatric test score . Dr bank Mr. stamper , you men...are ... take Mr. chappel . I believe they call he chic . Harry Charles , but if you call he that , he will kill you . Dr bank ( nervous laugh ) I assume you be joke . ( no response ) you man show aggression , extreme maladjustment to they surroundings , anti-social behaviour -- Harry with all due respect , Doctor , I do not know too army guy who be social when someone be try to jam a tube up they butt . Dr bank do you company have a drug testing program ? this toxicology report be a throwback to the sixty . all show huge level of nicotine and alcohol . Three of the , four show illegal drug . a couple I have to look up . one of they have " kematine " -- a very potent sedative . Harry a lot of people take sedative . Dr bank this one be use on horse . Harry I do not tell my man how to live they life . they be with I to do a job and they do it well . Golden this be get we nowhere . can they fly , or not ? Dr bank ( flipping through physical record ) fail . fail . really fail . under the circumstance ... ( lock eye with Golden ) they be the finest physical specimen I have ever see . int . n.a.s.a . - longshot Harry 's crew walk together in newly issue n.a.s.a. jumpsuit . bear and jimbo have rip the sleeve and collar off they x- large suit . they walk past two n.a.s.a. mathematician . mathematician 1 ( to mathematician 2 ) we be screwd . pull back to reveal Temple and Golden stand there with they arm cross , watch the motley crew of roughnecks . they be join by u.s.a.f. test pilot colonel sharp , a young Chuck yeager type , and lt . colonel luca truman , 30' , rigid and muscular . sharp I mean , they kind of look like armstarong , lovell , and Glenn . ( turn , soberly to Golden ) so , my wife and little girl ' life be in they hand , sir ? Golden we need to drill . do you know how to drill , colonel ? ( beat ) neither do I . they be go up . Temple ( point to he lapel ) with my star come the power to be blunt . this driller be not train for this , Dan . Truman shake he head . sharp eye Golden , wait for a response . Golden General , it 's we job to get they ready to go into space . they be there to do the drilling . ( beat , then ) and Colonel sharp , we all have family . a hard look from sharp to Temple , as Golden walk away . Temple ( to Golden ) if they can not drill this hole , my man be go to take over . int . n.a.s.a . - research and development day quincy be face - to- face with Golden . tech work on the drilling arm in the b.g. Harry and the roughtnecks be across the room . Harry that armadillo car . get it in here . in roll the armadillo , two technician push it . Harry and the guy look at it . quincy show it off . quincy pressurise titanium alloy cab . airlock life support . the chassis' by General Motors . heavy duty suspension and six wheel drive . Harry how be you go to power you drill arm ? quincy turbo - jet engine fuelle by kerosene and liquid oxygen . Harry I need to be able to start and stop . I need different speed , and I need reverse . quincy a jet engine can not do that . Harry it can if it 's hook up to a clutch . a.j. , get I a mack truck transmission . quincy that 's so simple it 's brilliant . Harry I be a simple man . but do not underestimate I . a.j. chick , Max ! mack truck tranny ! chick and Max hurry off . a.j. smile at Harry . int . johnson ctr - astronaut training - workroom - day Harry , a.j. , bennie , chick , Max , and tito sit before quincy , who demonstrate a series of component on the n.a.s.a. space suit . quincy the new generation emu - extravehicular mobility unit - provide oxygen for seven hour , a pressurise enclosure , and temperate control . the glove and helmet slide on and lock with a twist , like this . the cap be wear underneath . it contain a mike and headphone for two - way communication . we will be able to see you from a small video cam mount inside the helmet . the undergarment have 300 foot of plastic tub circulate cool water . Owen ... owen the tailor , five foot nothing &amp ; bald , stand in front of the man . Owen this be make for man 5 '8 " to 6 ' 2 " , between 140 and 200 pound . all of you fit within that parameter - thank God we will not have to do any re-tailoring .... Owen stop because -- bear and jimbo stand in the doorway -- jimbo yo . this where we get we suit ? bear sorry , we be late . Doc say we have ... what do we get ? jimbo cholesterol difficulty . Said we gotta enter " the Zone . " bear shit , the only zone I know be the one around my mama 's grill . jimbo ( hold up form ) but we be approve . Owen look at the human mountain stand before hi , and then at the tiny emu suit . alteration will be necessary . int . johnson CENTER - astronaut training - morning Clark brief Harry and the mildly attentive roughnecks . sharp , Truman , CO - pilot megan watt ( 30' , tough as nail ) and stan weston stand in the back along with n.a.s.a. Engineers jack cross and raymond sear . Clark United States astronaut train for eighteen month . you have nine day . officer sharp , Truman , watt and Weston be you military instructor and the only pilot to have fly the spacecraft . ( beat ) each be a combat decorate officer and among the finest man and woman we have in the service . pay attention to they . sharp we spend six month on emergency training - we be throw that out . if we fail , everyone die . game over . that 's a heavy load but it 's ours to carry . the purpose of this be to train you in the physical and mental rigor of work in a weightless enviroment so that you will not panic . so you can do you job . ( beat ) you will vomit . you eye will be suck into the back of you head . you will be so tired you can not eat but that will not matter ' cause you will be so sore you can not take a dump . by the way ... good morning . int . neutral buoyancy tank - day splash , splash . Harry and the roughnecks descend underwater . they look like michelin Men in they thick space suit . navy diver be around they as they be line up . through the underwater speaker , we hear a trainer give they instruction for they weightless aerobic training . we hear a loud , embarrassing gastric sound from bear 's suit . bear houton , we have a problem . that be some vicious methane . Harry give a " shut the fuck up " look . time pass as the guy be die , huffing and puffing . one by one , they reach exhaustion . a cable harness hoist each out . int . johnson CENTER - cardio lab - day Harry and he team , in t-shirt and run short , jog on a series of threadmills , wire to ekg machine , nostril tape shut , breathe tube lock in they mouth . ext . n.a.s.a. t-38 jet hanger - day a gleam spit-shine hanger full of fifteen n.a.s.a. t-38 fighter jet . we drill team walk up look wear out . they be meet at the open hanger door by pilot chuck jr. , Vietnam vet , leatherneck - take -no-pussy-bullshit- type-of-guy and hammer . Chuck Jr. on this mission , they tell I you will experience the worst G - force in the history of flight . it 's like a elephant sit on you chest . so , I intend to flip you , spin you , splat you body till you bone hurt . now load up and enjoy the flight . the roughnecks , wear flight suit and helmet , board the plane . Harry do not like the look of this thing . bear be try to figure out how to fit inside . bear thing 's make for a child - like my kid 's car seat . Chuck Jr. and Hammer walk up to a nervous Harry . Chuck Jr. what 's the problem , Texas tough guy ? Harry I have get a thing about fly . Chuck Jr. not good for a astronaut . ( look to Hammer ) Hammer , go easy , do not rip he gut out . Hammer sure thing , Chuck . int . jet fighter . Harry plaster to the seat , moaning so scared he can not puke . the plane barrel - roll and dive straight to the ground . Harry be grunting and sweat try to stay conscious . ext . n.a.s.a. t-38 jet hanger - day the t-38's be pull up and let the drill crew out . they walk back with white sweat , soak face and wobbly leg . Harry exit the plane . Harry I hate to fly . I hate to fly . I hate it so much . Harry lean over to puke . int . n.a.s.a. t-38 jet hanger - day the roughnecks walk to the t-38 hanger . sharp stand on the stairway to the 707 and call everyone to attention . sharp trainees , at ease ( in command ) we be not do here . we be take you for a little ride . this bird will climb to 40 thousand foot and drop to 10 thousand foot to give you the feel of weightlessness for 30 second . welcome to n.a.s.a. 's vomit comet . int . vomit comet the plane drop . the roughnecks lift off inside . everyone 's fly around the cabin . it 's a disaster . guy bump head . bear float like a beach whale . jimbo ram the roof . hary hold a barf bag as he float . a alarm sound , then the plane level off , the guy go slamm into the floor . int . johnson space CENTER bathroom track past a row of stall , we see the sole of a pair of shoe peek out . then another pair , another , and another over the multiple sound of gut be toss into the toilet . Golden , Clark , and sharp stand outside the stall . Golden this be like put the Hell 's angel in space . int . n.a.s.a. research &amp ; development Harry and the roughnecks be welding the armadillo , work tough and hard . int . n.a.s.a. locker room - night the roughnecks be get dress . Max ( to chick ) we be go to go pound some brews where they have a lot of sweaty , naked woman . you in ? chick ( shake head ) no . I get to take care of something . the roughnecks walk out , leave chick behind . int n.a.s.a. car - night drive by a uniform n.a.s.a. tech , chick pull up to a house in a residential neighbourhood . he sit there with a beat , unsure of what to do . ext . house - night chick walk up to the house , knock . DENISE william answer the door . chick hey , denise . denise what do you want , chick ? a big six - year old boy , tommy , run up behind he mom . Tommy who be it , mommy ? chick look at Tommy , smile . denise it 's um ... just a salesman , honey . chick hi. Tommy ( look straight up ) you look like big foot . chick kneel , extend he hand . Tommy smile and shake it . chick do not want to let go . chick I get a feel you be go to be pretty big yourself . denise go inside and play , Tommy . Tommy okay , mommy . ' bye , Big Foot . chick ' bye , Tommy . chick watch Tommy run off . he look to denise . denise what be I suppose to tell he ? we have get a life here now , chick , with someone we can depend on . chick what I do before be wrong . every day of my life I regret it . I can see you have get a good thing go , denise , I be not try to mess that up . but this thing 's come my way and I get the chance to do something really right . denise this another one of you scam , chick ? chick it 's no scam . you might just be proud of I . denise open the door a little wider , she sees the car in the driveway . the n.a.s.a. logo stencill on the door . the n.a.s.a . tech wait . denise what 's go on , chick ? chick I can not tell you now . but if it come out good , I will be back . ( beat ) then maybe you would consider tell Tommy I be not a ... salesman . it 's good to see you . you look really beautiful . chick turn and walk away . denise hey , chick . ( chick turn ) you be careful . int . lucky laurie be - night a seedy Houston drink hole . all the roughnecks sit at the bar . the bar be litter with empty mug and shotglass . a woman look at bennie . woman what be you boy doin ' down here in good 'ol Houston ? bennie ( burp ) we be in astronaut training . this get the reaction you would expect . int . johnson CENTER - research and development - late night Harry and quincy go over a list of stuff to order and logistical problem . n.a.s.a . tech rush into the room . n.a.s.a. tech Space Command spot more income . quincy ( spring up ) where ' it head ? how big ? n.a.s.a. tech do not know . they start to run out of the room . Harry follow . int . rocket engine development room the camera follow up a long ladder to a huge rocket bell housing where a.j. and Grace be kissing passionately . they notice Harry and quincy , and the other tech head for Mission Control . Harry lock eye with a.j. he do not like it . a.j. and Grace know something be up . they follow Harry and the other into Mission Control . int . mission control - late night the room be light up . Men be scramble . phone and satellite chart pop up . track device ping . Golden on top of the chaos . a tracking tech plot on a map . Clark stand over a n.a.s.a. tech read a computer screen . Golden project impact tracking . I need stat ! track tech Eastern asian hemisphere ... someplace ... eta 17 minute . n.a.s.a. tech we have confirmation . the income be about the size of the astrodome . Clark we have get to warn . Golden warn who ? the whole South Pacific ? Golden , with lack of sleep and stress , fall back into a chair . he close he eye , open they -- find Harry in the upper Mission Control deck . they lock eye for a long moment . int . shanghai - establishing - night the city ablaze in neon . the harbour , float junksmanned by chinese merchant . a loud sonic boom crack in the sky . there 's a bright flash in the sky . night become day for two second . the world slow down , motion creep . the bright flash catch the face of a little boy reach out for he father 's hand . the asteroid shriek down , hit the harbour 's surface in a red hot flash - boil at 100 thousand degree . int . mission control - night the room be silent . report be start to come in about the devastation . Golden walk up to Harry who be stand with Grace and a.j . he pull Harry aside . Golden stamper , answer I one question - have you ever let anyone down ? we go close on Harry 's face . sear flashbulb pop , widen to int . white house PRESS roo - night we see he from behind as he address the massive crowd . the U.S. president stand before a throng of reporter . presidential address paper headline , CNN reporter flash on screen . image of people watch the news in bar , at home . a new york post slam down on the pavement , the headline - shanghai disaster , massive death toll rising . int . someplace in kentucky - holding cell - dawn jimbo be talk to a f.b.i . agent who be on the other side of the bar hold a newspaper . jimbo if it 's over then why be not you lettin ' we out of this goddamn cell ? f.b.i . agent be real soon , son . the agent flip the newspaper into the hold cell and walk away . jimbo do not walk away , I want to talk to my lawyer . you hear I ? Pearl ( refering to the newspaper ) this say that the asteroid come from the Southern hemisphere . theo Southern hemisphere ? Pearl no kid . it 's a big sky - they want people to look the other way . int . manhatten - taxi cab stu the cabbie be riding with a wall STREET guy . stu Kennedy lie about the Bay of Pigs , Nixon ... watergate , say no more . Clinton . one word . ' woman . ' if I know one thing ; all president lie . int . n.a.s.a . - training room - morning Morning after the devastating disaster in shanghai . Harry walk into the quiet room . Harry 's all business . Harry forty thousand people die last night . but I guess that do not concern any of you . I hope you all have a good time last night . the roughnecks look around . they know there be wrong . chick I gotta tell you ... I be scared . Harry well , you should be scared . we all should be . ' Cause if we fail , they say the Earth will die . Harry sit down , look out the window at n.a.s.a . tech work in the room down below . Harry you think this n.a.s.a. guy be a bunch of clean - cut pussy , that 's it . they can out think you , they can outrun you . this job , gentleman , be as real as it get . I need every one of you . ( he look they in the eye ) if you be not up to it , then walkout of that door . finally . theo and Pearl , frustrated , go to the two - way mirror , block jimbo from view . theo I be hungry ! whe n be we gonna eat ? Pearl I have p.m.s .!! I need some ibuprofen ! jimbo grab Randy 's legal pad and write : help !! big asteroid go to hit earth . coordinate 712 by 345 . Randy stare at the message . Randy okay , I be do here ! the door open . two f.b.i. agent lead Randy out . jimbo look at theo and Pearl . jimbo he flunk the bar three time . int . n.a.s.a . - research and development -- Harry show quincy he drawing of the drilling arm - the way Harry want it . -- Harry , a.j. and quincy work with the turbo prop engine , transform it into a jet fuel generator . quincy we will run you liquid oxygen from the shuttle through a tube into the intake manifold . no problem . a.j. I figure out how to bring up the slag . direct the jet turbine 's exhaust down the drill pipe . it will blow the stuff right up the hole . Harry good , a.j. good . -- chick , bennie , bear , jumbo welding new piece of the drilling arm together . the roughnecks have change . chick and bennie now have crew-cut . -- a.j. , Harry , Max and tito build the drilling arm . ext . arizona - shuttle take off area two x-71 shuttle in the hanger . technician scramble around , prepare the shuttle for the mission . Harry ( point ) from all of you intel , the deep fault line be here . this be my sweet spot . if I can get a clean hole in there , she will blow in half .... Golden .... and the two piece will slide right past we . you can not shatter it . get hit with 20 smaller asteroid be as bad as one big one . you have to drill , plant the nuke , lift off , and detonate -- all before the asteroid reach this position . ( demonstrate position ) you have eight hour . remember it . you must detonate by this point or , the two halve will hit we . Harry nod and walk off . sharp drill a eight -hundre foot hole in eight hour ? be that possible ? Harry do not like to be question -- Harry you just worry about get I on that rock , Colonel . let I worry about the drilling . a moment of conflict between they . ext . johnson cente - astronaut training - day one of the armadillos , complete with drilling arm , sit at the bottom of the tank . Harry and six roughnecks be already at the bottom , in pressure suit and helmet . Golden , quincy , Clark , sharp , Truman , and all of the n.a.s.a. brass , observe . a.j. be the last to enter the tank . int . n.a.s.a. neutral buoyancy tank - underwater a.j. descend to the tank 's bottom . Harry , chick , bennie , Max and tito be in bulky white pressure suit . jimbo and bear wear the large pressure suit ever make . they talk through they helmet radio link . one drilling arm start turn . the roughnecks turn toward a stack of 20 foot long stainless steel drilling pipe on the tank 's bottom . above water - side of training tank Golden hit a stopwatch . Golden ( into intercom ) go. int . n.a.s.a. neutral buoyancy tank - underwater bear and jimbo grab a pipe string and handle onto the mock - up drill arm . they clamp it on . bennie and chick screw a drill bit onto the pipe string . they be good , very good . the work with the manic intensity of a pit crew at indy . Harry done ! above water - side of tank Golden hit he stopwatch . smile . the n.a.s.a. brass be impressed . Golden this guy be fast . Harry , interior gauge check . int . n.a.s.a. neutral buoyancy tank - underwater Harry we're on a.j. a.j. let 's see what this baby can do . Harry and a.j. move the armadillo 's airlock door . it have a exterior open / close button . Harry punch it . the side door open . Harry enter , then a.j. int . armadillo - underwater Harry and a.j. , still underwater , climb inside . Harry press the pressurization button . simulate pressurisation in space , the water in the cab be blow out , and air whooshes in . Harry and a.j. sit drip in the watertight cab . through the front window we see the other roughnecks in the tank . Harry unlock he neck seal . pull off he helmet . Harry lose the helmet , a.j. a.j. snap out of it . his hand go instinctively to the helmet and in one motion ... click . it 's off . Harry ( click radio ) we be in . run the simulation . the interior pressure guge needle and monitor ( engine torque , drill direction , etc. ) start bob . the drill start to cut into a block of concrete . Golden ( v.o ) how 's she look ? Harry torque adjuster 's good . fuel level good . a.j. , downhole pressure ? a.j . we can do better . I be increase the rpm 's to seven thousand . we can get more torque . Golden ( v.o ) negative , a.j . do not exceed ix thousand . not on this run . a.j. relax . I build this thing . she 's get more in she . increase the rpm 's . Golden ( v.o ) negative , a.j. a.j. increase the rpm 's . the gauge start to rise . the n.a.s.a . brass shift uneasily in they seat . they be not accoutome to see they astronaut disobey order . Golden ( v.0 ) ( cont would ) a.j. , shut the armadillo down now a.j . we can push it , further . let 's see what she can do . suddenly , the rpm ''s shoot into the red . a red siren spin in the control room . the armadillo shake violently . the drilling bit grind to nothing . the armadillo blows a tranny . Harry 's eye close . he 's piss . in the control room the n.a.s.a. brass look to Golden . one of they shake they head . sharp and Golden exchange a look . sharp shake he head . inside the tank a.j. press a button and the cabin , simulate " depressurisation " in space , begin to fill with water . int . neutrl buoyancy tank - side of tank - day everyone around he just watch , as a.j. climb out of the tank . after a minute , a.j. look up , see all the eye in the room on he . ext . crew quarter - night Harry be outside , smoking a coheba . Harry run he hand over a SMALL metal medal that hang from he neck . Golden approach . Golden a.j. 's off the team . we need a list of name from you to fill the slot . Harry a.j. would be the first name on my list . Golden we do not want independent thinker . and we do not need heroes . we need a team . Harry you have to have confidence in the man you send up . I understand that . but I be the one that have to land on that rock . not you . ( firm ) I pick my own team . Golden one shot . pull he in line or send he home . int . hub of rocket simulator - night a.j. and Grace be there talk . Grace be on a.j. 's lap . a.j. I push it , I screw up . Grace this astronaut train for year for what you be training for in a few day . a.j. I do not know why I do not just listen to they . Grace so , tomorrow you listen . a.j. and Grace share a look . a.j. I love you , Grace . a n.a.s.a . tech approach . n.a.s.a. technician Harry want to see you . int . design and prototype room - night Harry and a.j. stand in the centre of a high - tech supply room . spare part from shuttle , prototype and work tool be everywhere . Harry you tell I what the hell you think you be do ? a.j. I be try to work with the team . Harry bullshit . you be try to lead this team . you be try to be I . you be not I . a.j . what do you want ? you want I to quit ? Harry if you can not bury this cowboy shit , yeah , I want you to quit . a.j . I do not have to prove anything to anybody , Harry . Harry I listen to n.a.s.a. , you listen to I . that 's the chain . either you follow it , or you be do . a.j. I will follow it . Harry I stand up for you , because I have make a life of prove people wrong . Harry 's hand slide down to the medal hang from he neck . Harry ( cont would ) when I be about you age , I be in Galveston , Texas . I scrape together some money , buy some old equipment , a little land . I set up a rig and drill my first hole . then I sit there and watch she soak up the sun for six month - wait for this baby to pop . everybody tell I to quit . I would not listen . my wife run off with a drill - rigger , leave I with Grace . everybody in town think I be a fool . but I stay with it . and in the last hour of the last day , she pop . she spit out that black gold and I dance in it like a wild indian . ( reflective ) I capture the magic ( hold medal ) this be the last piece of pipe that strike gold that day . Harry take off the medal . set it on the table . he grab a cut vice and cut the medal in two perfect halve . he hand one half to a.j . Harry ( cont would ) here , take it up there . quick montage Inside the neutral buoyancy tank -- Harry 's crew go through all drill one final time ( final mission check ) in quick succession . everything run perfectly . the armadillo be rebuilt and show function without error . a.j. work as part of the team . int . johnson space CENTER - day the hour of the mission . the two team sit in the orange n.a.s.a. flight pressure suit . Golden enter and stand before the room . Golden in the book of revalation , the Bible speak of a final day on Earth , when all mankind shall perish , shall cease to exist . this day be know as armageddon . ( firm ) right now , that day conflict with six billion schedule . ( beat ) for the first time in the history of this planet , 's species possess the technology to prevent it 's own extinction . ( beat ) I have be with n.a.s.a. my entire adult life . eleven year as a astronaut , another fifteen on the ground at Mission Control . twenty - six year I have have to answer one question -- why ? why more money ? why the race for space ? why do we need to know what be up there ? ( beat ) when we come through this , I will take comfort in the fact that I will not ever have to answer that question again . you be we warrior up there . you be we last hope . God be with you . the crew stand ...... ext . johnson space CENTER - runway - day two sleek black lear jets be park on the runway . Harry study they . Grace approach . Harry you know I be think , Gracie . over the year , I should have pat you on the back more .... Grace dad , you do not need -- Harry no father have ever be prouder of he child , Gracie . I want you to know that . Grace 's reaction make it clear that Harry have never say anything like this before . Grace I love you , dad . Harry I love you too , Gracie . Grace ( as they hug ) keep a eye on a.j. for I . Harry climb up the metal stair -- a.j. and the rest of Harry 's crew come out of the building . a.j. move to Grace as she watch she father disappear into the jet . a.j. Excuse I . ( Grace turn ) you be really insanely gorgeous and I be jost sort of wonder if you -- Grace I be engage . but my father have not give he he bless so you might still have a chance . ( smile , then serious ) promise I you will not do anything stupid up there . a.j. nod . they kiss passionately . Harry 's crew see this and applaud . Grace blushes , embarrassed . a.j. I love you , Grace . Grace I love you . come back , okay ? Harry 's crew board lear jet 2 . a.j. start toward lear jet 1 . Grace watch he walk away , eyeing he suit . Grace a.j . -- a.j. ( turn ) yeah ? Grace when you get back , ask they if you can kep the suit ( wink ) it 's kind of sexy . ext . arizona desert - by shuttle freedom the cone-shape nose of the two X - 71 's be tower silhouettes against the sun . massive crawler move the shuttle to the launch tower . ext . shuttle freedom &amp ; independence launch - day see from a distance as silhouettes behind a sun-soake sky , sixteen figure walk toward we . as they grow closer , we see the intense game face of Harry , a.j. , bennie , chick , jumbo , tito , rockhound , Max and other approach the launch site . they look like n.a.s.a. 's version of the " dirty Dozen . " Harry carry a large mysterious metal case , that we have not see before now . int . launch tower elevator - later Harry exit the elevator and start to walk to the catwal to the freedom shuttle . Harry carry he suitcase . n.a.s.a. tech 1 Sir , be that case authorise for transport ? n.a.s.a. tech 2 we weight to fuel ratio 's calibrate to the kilogram , sir . how much do that weigh ? Harry sixty pound . n.a.s.a. tech 1 that can not go up with you , sir . Harry wait here . int . shuttle freedom - afternoon Harry enter the cabin . n.a.s.a. 's crack seven-member " strap - in - team " go to work . Harry 's crew be outfit with they helmet and chute pack . each step be methodical , each piece of equipment be check and recheck . Harry hey you . yeah you . come here . a young n.a.s.a. tech approach . Harry gesture at a row of metal component house in the wall . Harry what 's all this crap ? n.a.s.a. technician ( point to various ) multi-track C.D. player . anti-gravity hand washer , utensil washer , and micro- wave oven . ( proud ) we work hard to make the X - 71 feel more like home . Harry just look at the kid . ext . arizona desert - by shuttle freedom - day Metal component one after the other come out of the shuttle hatchway and slam into a heap on the lake bed . Harry then appear in the hatchway . Harry we do not need music and we do not mind dirty utensil . Harry pick up he large metal case and duck back inside the freedom . the n.a.s.a tech stare at the ruin component at they foot . int . mission control - dusk Golden and Clark prepare for the launch . n.a.s.a. tech ( into intercom ) t-minus six minute and count . int . shuttle freedom - cockpit - dusk sharp and watt settle in . major pitt and fisk , two stern Army demolition expert , finish tie down they equipment . Mission Control ( v.o ) Roger , Independence and freedom , auto ground launch sequencer commence . sharp look at pitt and fisk sharp you two ready ? pitt ( enthusiastically ) airborne ! int . n.a.s.a . - mission control - dusk Golden , Clark and the n.a.s.a . tech study the central board as final preparation for take - off commence . technician shuttle freedom and Independence you be clear for lift off . ext . arizona desert - shuttle take off zone - dusk the ground trembles like a earthquake . exhaust billow out of the rocket booster , fill frame . shuttle freedom and Independence rocket off from dual launch pad , streaking between camera , climb to the heaven . int . shuttle freedom - cockpit - dusk sharp and watt flip switch , check gauge . sharp institute roll manoeuvre . we have s.r.b. sep , over . int n.a.s.a . - mission control - dusk technician you be a ' go ' for ET separation . ext . upper atmosphere - dusk freedom and Independence scream away from Earth , drop they booster canister . ext . shuttle freedom - dusk Harry , chick and the other experience they first G - force . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control - dusk Clark lookin ' real good , freedom . Golden when you meet the Russian , you might want to go easy on the guy . he just break the record for the longest solo - thirteen month , seven day . int . shuttle freedom chick ( to Harry ) thirteen month , seven day . ( beat ) what the hell have he be do all by himself ? int . russian mir station life inside , like the cluttere glove - box of a old car . George Michael 's " freedom " play on a pipe - in sound system . cosmonaut lev andropov dance and sing . lev freedom ! freedom ! got to give what it take .... hello yankee ! I love you America . ( read from English book ) would you prefer a appetiser or aperitif ? ext . russian mir space station pull out of the mir 's window to see lev dance with joy . he 's celebrate the forthcoming arrival . pull further back to catch a wider view of the Russian multi - module Space Station -- a white winge steel seagull . int . shuttle freedom through the cockpit window , the blueness of Earth 's atmosphere become the blackness of space . int . mission control Clark freedom , Independence . you be look good . prepare to start docking procedure at the mir . int . shuttle freedom sharp address the crew of both shuttle over the radio -- sharp listen up -- the mir will be spin to give we gravity so we can work faster . you might feel queasy or dizzy . we will dock , transfer the fuel , then detach from the mir . fast and safe . this stuff be very volatile . int . russian mir space station - docking port lev be work feverishly , run highly insulate liquid oxygen and hydrogen propellant transfer hose from the mir 's several laboratory and live module to the mir 's twin docking port . a blue indicator light flash . lev look out of the mir 's portside window . his eye light up . he smile . ext . space - low earth orbit - mir docking port freedom and Independence approach the mir station . the mir be T - shape , with twin docking port at each end of the T 's crossbar . freedom begin docking at one end . , Independence at the other . int . shuttle freedom / independence - airlock port to mir Truman fuel team prepare to unload . a red light ( unsafe ) turn GREEN ( safe ) . the docking port 's hatchwheel spin , and the door slide open . Harry , sharp , watt , chick , a.j. , bennie , and Truman enter the mir . int . mir space station - docking module the team come through the docking module and out pop lev , hang upside down in frame . lev hello yankee ! welcome to the home of I , cosmonaut lev andropov . ( more ) on a wall , a computer board that monitor the fuel transfer be fill with GREEN light . int . central room - CENTER hub of mir Harry , bennie , and lev be talk in the combination kitchen / rec room of the mir -- a little bigger than a walk - in closet . lev grab a video camera and start video-taping Harry and bennie . lev I hear rumour on radio . my country break . no steak in freezer . they plan to sell I and the mir ( move in closer , conspiratorial ) can you confirm this ? bennie we would not know . what 's the camera ? lev oh , I also di-rec-tor . Russian cinema . mir movie . each have title . lev grab remote control . on a large television screen various image of lev appear . lev " lev love cargo . " " lev sleep . " " lev prepare for Americans . " " lev get bored so he get drunk . " funny but ... too long . bennie look like you have a lot of free time on you hand . lev yeah . I alone by myself . watt come into the room . the first woman lev have see in a very , very long time . lev move the camera all over she . lev hello , fellow space colleague . watt nod . watt I will be in the docking port . lev please allow I to escort you . ( as they walk out ) you California girl ? int . mir space station - rear module Harry and bennie enter the mir 's rearmost module . two propellant hose run into twin propellant output valve on a rear panel . bennie 's eye move to a laundry line . boxer hang from the line . bennie this lev guy be a little off . on the computer board , a small red light replace the GREEN light . then another . no one notice . int . mir station - docking port camera follows microscopic aerosol bubble of liquid oxygen ( macro shot ) dripping from a valve onto a computer circuit board . int . mir - fuel storage the gauge start to rise . a.j. watch . one hundred eighty - five ... 190 ...195 ... a.j. ( into intercom ) lev , the pressure 's climb . int . mir corridor ( extreme macro ) the liquid oxygen ooze into the circuit board . surgeon- like microscopic camera track it under the key , reach a computer switch . it SPARKS . int . docking port lev , sharp , and chick be walk toward the shuttle . the electricity in the mir flutter . lev stop . sharp stop . lev look over he shoulder toward the central hub . a chill run down he spine . dolly into lev' eye - lev ( whisper ) leak . run. lev and sharp run toward the central hub . lev punch a klaxon . lev ( cont would ) leak ! run ! chick take off run past lev and sharp . sharp ( to chick ) e-vac. e-vac . unhook the shuttle . move ! int . mir - fuel storage a.j. react to the klaxon , start to climb up the shaft ladder . a.j. struggle under the heavy weight of he cold suit , finally reach --- int mir - corridor above fuel storage circuit pop violently all around a.j. , as the mixture of chemical in the air start to chew the mir 's wall . int . mir - central hub lev , sharp , and chick run into the hub as the leak continue , grow rapidly worse , eating the wall . sharp see the leak . run back toward the docking port . lev ( to sharp ) seal door . as sharp seal the hatch , lev return to look for a.j. int . mir station - rear module Harry and chick react to the klaxox blare . Harry unhook the shuttle . Harry and chick run out of the rear module and race through the maze of twist corridor . int . mir corridor a.j. run through another corridor , head for the docking port as the wall around he pop ! lev file around the corner almost smash into a.j . int . mir station - rear module the smoking circuitry SPARKS , and the rear module explode in a violent concussion , launching a long tongue of flame into -- int . mir station - upper module Harry and chick race for the docking module as -- behind they , a second module fill with FIRE and explode , rock the mir . then a third . Fire start to rip through corridor in the mir . ext . mir station - space the mir shudder and begin to tilt to one side . int . mir station - upper module everything be sideways . lev be knocked to the ground . a heavy computer board fall , separate a.j. and lev . attempt to reach a.j. , lev turn back and run from where he just come . int . mir station - upper module - sealed corridor a.j. look leave , then right . he do not know how to get to the docking port . he start run . int . mir station - docking port sharp re-join bennie and Truman . they unhook the fuel line to the shuttle . sharp and chick run aboard shuttle freedom . Truman board Independence . int . mir corridor a.j. be at the corridor fork . right or leave ? the Russian write above both path do not help . just as he 's about to go leave -- lev suddenly appear , grab a.j. , and push he into the right corridor . lev run yankee ! int . shuttle freedom sharp ( to watt as he sit and buckle up ) shut the door and fire she up ! watt we still have people out there . sharp it 's they or all of US . close the door now ! as the door be close , Harry and chick rush into shuttle freedom . Harry 's finger grab the door just in time . the door retract back . Harry do a.j. make it ? chick I do not see he . int . shuttle independence Truman buckle himself in , fire up the Independence . int . shuttle freedom freedom be fire up . the mir shudder again . tilt further . sharp we have to go ! int . mir corridor a.j. and lev be run hard as debris fall behind they and the wall start to tear apart . they turn a corner , head toward the docking port -- int . shuttle freedom Harry be at the door , eye frantically search for a.j. -- sharp we go now ! sharp stab a button on he pilot console . the automate door begin to slide shut . int . shuttle independence Truman stab a button on he pilot console . the automate door begin to slide shut . int . mir docking port a.j. and lev race into the docking port from a rear corridor . Harry see they . lev dive into Independence just as the door close . a.j. dive head - long through the shutting Independence door . int . shuttle freedom sharp ( to watt ) full thruster ! ext . mir station - shuttle freedom and independence the two shuttle release away from the mir Station on full thruster power , just escape as -- the mir station explode in a eternal flash fire , blow out section of wall panel and send a solar panel shoot toward freedom that just miss she ! the collapse mir station drift off into the oblivion of space . int . shuttle independence a.j. sit panting on the floor of the shuttle next to the docking port door . lev stare down at he . lev I be cosmonaut lev andropov , what you name ? a.j . my name be a.j. lev you just blow up my home . super - twenty three hour to the moon Golden and sharp sit around go over data . New image of the closer , meaner asteroid approach . int . freedom Interior small sleep area . Max hang upside - down in zero gravity . wake up yawn . he look to bear . Max oh , man , do I have a dream . bear so do Martin luthor King . Max no , this be a bad dream . we be drilling and the ground eat the bit . then it eat the pipe , then the derrick . then it eat we . bear that 's a dumb -ass dream . Max I be not come home . they look at each other . int . freedom cockpit Harry , bear , chick , and sharp stand look out the cockpit rear window toward the brilliant blue Earth . bear what be you think about , chick ? chick my kid . you . bear my Mom , she would be proud to see I as a astronaut . chick Harry , what be you think ? Harry ( look at Earth ) how beautiful it be . thinkin ' about all that oil I suck out and spit into the air . funny how a man can live 46 year and realize he be not be do the right thing . int . n.a.s.a . - PRESS conference room behind a curtain - Golden confer with collinswood . collinswood the President be count on you to put out the fire , Dan . say whatever you have to . just do it . Golden walk from behind the curtain . walk up to the podium , ten video cameras swivel into position . for a long moment Golden just stand there , say nothing . Golden I work for the President of the United States . ( long pause ; look over at collinswood ) but I think it 's my duty as a scientist to tell the world what be happen . Three , day ago a manned space mission be send to intercept a asteroid which have enter the Earth 's orbit . ( reporter all chatter ) this be a difficult mission . in all frankness , it be the most difficult mission anyone have ever fly . ( beat ) a little over fifty year ago we send we armed force half - way around the world to save the world from a evil empire that threaten mass extinction . the man and woman of this nation united , answer the calland preserve we freedom . ( beat ) once again we face a threat to we way of life . and once again we look to we military to preserve we future . the man and woman select to lead this mission be America 's finest and most decorate career officer in the military . we hope and prayer be with they . thank you . Golden walk off . the reporter clamor Reporters ( unison ) director Golden ! director golden ! backstage - Golden approach collinswood . collinswood Golden , you driller better not let we down . Golden we will do you best . ext . space - approaching the moon the two shuttle approach the moon , freedom in the lead , Independence follow . Beyond the Moon , too distant to see clearly , the asteroid be on its trajectory toward Earth . it be a huge , graggy Mass surround on all side by a debris cluster of rock and ice , the ice glint on and off in reflect sunlight , like million of firefly . int . shuttle freedom - cockpit watt ( unbely ) my goodness , look at that thing .... sharp we have visual of target , Houston . velocity thirty - three hundred mile a hour . int . houston - mission control Clark sit with tech flip and skip . Golden and Temple pace behind the console . int . shuttle freedom - rear cabin Harry , chick , bear , and Max finish buckle into they seat restraint and harness . int . shuttle independence - rear cabin a.j. , lev , bennie , jimbo and tito buckle on harness . bennie look at a.j. nervously . ext . space - approaching the moon the shuttle rapidly close on the moon . the dead , luminous sphere loom larger in frame . int . shuttle freedom - cockpit the lunar surface completely fill the cockpit windshield . we have lose sight of the oncoming asteroid . sharp Visual contact with target lose , Houston . in the rear cabin - Harry , chick , bear , and Max stare in awe at the ever-appinping Moon . ext . space - appraoching the moon shuttle freedom and Independence shoot toward the Moon , pull by the lunar gravitational field . int . shuttle freedom - cockpit through the windshield - the lunar surface be only 150 mile down , look close enough to reach down and touch . ext . space - approaching the moon the two shuttle whip into lunar orbit , move around the Moon , continue to accelerate , near its Dark side . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control Clark ( into headset ) how we doin ' , freedom , over ? int . shuttle freedom - cockpit watt near the Dark side , Houston , a minute thirty and count . ext . space - the other side of the moon on the Moon 's opposite side , the asteroid roar into frame , its trail fragment motionless in relation to each other , travel as a swarm , a cluster of debris . as it near the Moon 's gravitational field -- trailing fragment peel away , draw into the Moon by its lunar gravity . a relatively debris - less corridor begin to form on one side of the asteroid . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control skip twenty second till we lose radio contact , director . Clark you be on you own , Willie . you have get to raise you velocity 17 thousand mile a hour or you will not catch the target , over . int . shuttle freedom - cockpit sharp see you on the other side , Houston . skip ( v.o ) enter Dark side , freedom , and count : ten , nine , eight , seven ... int . n.a.s.a . - mission control skip Radio contact terminate . the radio crackle with static . on the technician console , all of freedom 's and Independence 's computerize system monitor ( pressurization , oxygen , electrical power , fuel capacity , etc . ) go dead . Golden they will be pullin ' nine and half G 's for eleven minute , General . Temple anyone do that before ? flip yeah . that Russian monkey in 1957 . Clark we will pick them up again in sixteen minute , Danny . Golden if they be still alive . int . shuttle freedom - around dark side of moon the radio be static . watt rocket ready for burn , Willie . sharp ( over shoulder to Harry and other ) time to suck it up , people . just pretend you be on the big roller coaster at disneyland ... ( mumble under breath ) ... time a hundred .... sharp reach for the booster rocket switch . he give watt one last look , then throw the switch . ext . dark side of the moon - freedom and independence freedom and Independence fire they booster . the two shuttle explode forward , hurtle around the Moon 's dark side with a degree of increase velocity never before experience by man . int . shuttle freedom - rear cabin Harry , chick , bear , and Max get hit with the first G - force . they torso press back against they seat . they flex they arm , breathe deeply , expand they chest cavity as they be teach in training . Harry I hate to fly , I hate to fly , I hate to fly .... int . shuttle independence - rear cabin a.j. , lev , bennie , jimbo , and tito get slam back by the first wave of G - force . int . shuttle freedom - cockpit watt read she velocity indicator under G - force so bad she speak through clench tooth watt fourteen thousand .... sixteen thousand ... twenty thousand mile a hour , Willie ...! int . n.a.s.a . - mission control silence . tension . technician stare at they console . Clark they be hittin ' the big G 's right about ... now . Golden come on , Willie , you can do this .... int . shuttle freedom - rear cabin excruciate , gut - wrenching , turn -your-intestine - inside - out g- force . harry and chick facial muscle distort hideously ; they rubbery cheek and lip flatten out . they continue anti-G exercise , tensing every muscle , try to keep blood flow evenly distribute . int . shuttle independence a.j. and bennie 's distort face , likewise , go through the anti G - Force exercise , tensing every muscle . ext . lunar orbit - master shot in one awe - inspiring shot , we see -- shuttle freedom and Independence rocketing around the Moon in darkness , further and further , until finally we see , increasingly , a staggering , mind blow visual -- the asteroid trailing debris appear , a huge cloud of tiny ice chunks and pebble , and much larger boulder , and icebergs the size of house , the ice glint with reflect sunlight , throw off a dazzle spectral shower of light in all direction , and finally -- the asteroid huge core - it have just clear the Moon and now fly straight for it 's destination - the cool , blue planet earth dead ahead across a expanse of space . shuttle freedom and Independence slingshot out of the lunar orbit and fall in behind the asteroid , settling into the debris - less corridor . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control continue static on the radio . everyone sit nervously wait . suddenly the shuttle ' computerise system monitor begin to click back on . Clark freedom , come in , over . Independence , come in , over . nothing . Golden grab the mike . Golden Willie ? come in , over . Willie , can you hear I ...? total silence . a pin could drop . the n.a.s.a. technician stare nervously at the Central board . then , suddenly through static sharp ( v.0 ) Houston , you gotta see this to believe it .... elation . held breath be exhale . Golden and n.a.s.a. technician smile . no one be more relieved than Grace . int . shuttle freedom - cockpit sharp and watt stare through the windshield at -- the asteroid , below they and dead ahead . we get we first ( and only temporary ) clear glimpse of the designate landing field , a relatively smooth , unobstructed plane on the asteroid 's surface . Harry be green , look like he 's gonna blow chunks . sharp we be awake , we be not pukin ' .... ( look over shoulder at Harry ) .... well , Harry be . and we get a clear path to the target . Houston , over . int . shuttle independence Truman smile . Truman copy that , freedom . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control Clark give Golden a thumb up . Clark we will take you in , guy . ext . shuttle freedom and independence freedom , in the lead , and Independence , follow to the rear and side , descend through the debris-less corridor to the wait asteroid . suddenly a cloud of ice and pebble waft in front of the shuttle . int . shuttle freedom cockpit in one terrifying second , visibility be cut to twenty foot . then bang ! bang ! bang ! bang ! pebble and SMALL ice chunks strike the windshield , chipping and dent it . the impact be violent ; the interior be buffete around . it 's the space equivalent of bad hailstorm . sharp damn it ....! Clark ( v.o ) what be it , Willie ? sharp Problem , Houston . we have get debris all over we ! rear of cockpit - Harry and the other , alarmed , be buffete around violently . int . shuttle independence - cockpit no visibility here either . Ice chunks and pebble bang against the windshield . Truman I have get no visibility . I have lose orientation to the target ! suddenly , as sudden as it come , the debris clear . but a huge ice boulder the size of a three - story building twirl into Independence 's path . it hit a boulder which collide with another . Truman Big guy ! Dead ahead ! Truman stab he directional thruster button . shuttle Independence veer to the right .... int . shuttle freedom sharp hit he directional thruster , and freedom veer to the leave .... ext . through the asteroid tail freedom go leave , Independence right , split the ice boulder . freedom clear the ice boulder by a foot . Independence , not so lucky , clip the ice boulder , rip she leave thruster clean off . with one thruster , Independence careen out of control , twirling and spin . int . shuttle independence Truman ( panicked ) I lose leave thruster ! no control ! I have no control ! in the Independence 's cargo bay , one of the armadillos rip free from its mooring and plunge through the cargo BAY door . int . shuttle freedom sharp steer freedom past the ice boulder . watt where 's the other ship ....?! suddenly the Independence , with a ripped OPEN cargo BAY door , careen directly across freedom 's path , fill freedom 's cockpit window , nearly collide with she . sharp hit he thruster , veer away from the damage Independence . sharp and watt watch Independence twirling toward the asteroid . suddenly bang !!! the independence's errant armadillo strike the freedom 's nose , spider - webbing the windshield . sharp and watt recoil in terror . watt scream . int . shuttle independence the fuselage be spin . a.j. , bennie and the other be in terror . in the cockpit , Truman scream over the radio Truman Houston , mayday , mayday , we be go down ! the shuttle 's roof collide with a rock . we hear scraping metal . the ceiling dent in , dislodge interior ceiling panel fill with wire and electrical component ; they rain down on a.j. and the other . choas . the sparking cabin fill with smoke . Truman Crew , go to life support ! everyone grab for they helmet , frantically try to get they on . a.j. get he on , but he can not lock he neck seal . he fidget with the little seakl lock . a.j. rip off the helmet . it slip from he finger and float off through the zero -g cabin ! a.j. goddamn it ! a.j. throw off he seat harness and go after he helmet . in zero-gravity , the side of the twirling cockpit revolve around a.j. as he move . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control we hear a cacophony of voice and banging rock against Independence 's fuselage . Truman mayday , houston , mayday ....!! Golden and the n.a.s.a. personnel can only sit and listen , horrify , impotent to do anything ..... int . shuttle independence - rear cabin at the back of the cabin - a.j. reach he helmet and frantically get it back on . the fuselage be still twirling around he . bennie , strapped in and freaking out , throw off he seat harness and bolt for the safety emergency hatch equip with explosive release charge . Truman see bennie at the emergency hatch . big rock smash off the windshield in front of Truman ; the windshield 's safety glass be weaken , splinter , to the point of burst . Truman get away from that door !!!! bennie be wild - eye , craze . bennie go to hell , man , I be not dyin ' on this thing !!!! a series of quick cut a rock smashes through the windshield , gouging into Truman . depressurisation . Truman and co-pilot Weston be suck out through the windshield . bennie blows the emergency hatch 's explosive charge . the hatch door pull bennie out into space ... to he death . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control flash cut Independence 's system monitor flash off pressurization go to zero ; cabin oxygen go to zero ; individual life support monitor go to zero . Independence 's radio transmission be static and panicked voice . Golden run down the aisle to Independence 's monitor . skip no cabin pressure ! system - wide failure ! int . shuttle freedom - rear cabin Harry and the roughnecks be smashed around in they seat . in the cockpit - through the windshield a boulder the size of a house loom downslope . shuttle freedom be skid straight for it . sharp and watt watch helplessly as the shuttle skid toward the boulder . ext . asteroid surface freedom hit a smaller rock , which change its skid angle . it clear the boulder by a foot and skid to a stop at the base of the slope . int . shuttle freedom - rear cabin Harry and the other jolt to a stop . no one move . no one breathes . it 's scary as hell . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control Golden and the other technician wait breathlessly for some response . Golden grab the mike . Golden freedom . come in . ( no response ) Independence , come in . no response ) come in , freedom . nothing . skip bury he face in he hand . flip chew he pencil . Golden , have lose one crew already , twist he wedding ring . sharp ( v.o ) Houston , it 's freedom . we just land on this son-of - a-bitch , over . Golden and the technician breath a sigh of relief . watt ( v.o ) what 's the status of Independence ? int . shuttle freedom - rear cabin camera push in on harry , as he wait for Houston 's response to this last question . sharp ( v.o ) we lose she . camera tight on harry . he 's lose man before , many man on oil rig . but not a.j..... chick ( o.s. ) Harry , Harry , Jesus Christ , this can not happen .... Harry snap out of it , turn to chick . Harry it do happen . they be go . deal with it . we get a lot of work to do . Harry unharness himself and rise . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control Golden look at Grace . she look back . a tear slide off she cheek to the console . Harry 's daughter do not say a word , or break down . she just quietly rise and walk to the back of the room . Grace rub she bare ring finger . a beat . camera spie the zero barrier clock . Seven hour , 52 minute , 000 foot drill . int . shuttle freedom chick , bear , and Max prepare to disembark , don helmet and glove assembly , click neck and wrist seal into lock position . Harry come into the cockpit . watt be flipping switch and read gauge . sharp 's on the radio . a haze fill the cockpit . watt engine ignition system be not respond . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control intercut - freedom / mission control Golden what 's the problem ? flip engine ignition . start diagnostics . sharp Houston , I do not know where we be . tell I how far we overshot Harry 's sweep spot . advise on currant location , over . skip motion to Golden and Clark . they hurry over to he console . on skip 's computer screen be a map of the asteroid contain its geological fault line . skip they overshot they landing 26 mile . there 's a different fault line , but it 's deeper . Golden how much deeper ? skip two hundred foot . Golden exchange a look with Temple . Golden Harry , you fault line 's fifty yard off the starboard side . int . shuttle freedom Harry stalk to the rear . Harry rockhound . rockhound yes , sir . Harry I be gonna get you some surface sample and you be gonna tell I what I be up against . rockhound rock be my life . watt Willie , we might be stick . sharp exchange grim look with pitt and fisk over this bad information . Harry the good news just keep comin' . load up , guy . sharp watch Harry and the guy exit to the rear . ext . asteroid surface - shuttle freedom freedom 's cargo door open ; its ramp unfold to the asteroid 's surface . harry look out . freedom be in a small , cold , dark valley . the asteroid 's face be tilt away from the Earth and Sun . the moon be huge on we rear horizon . the place be eerily calm and tranquil . Harry walk down the ramp onto the asteroid surface . int . freedom cargo BAY - inside armadillo chick , at the armadillo 's control , engage gear . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site the armadillo rumble out of the cargo bay , carry bear , Max , rockhound and pitt over the wheel well . the armadillo drive 50 yard from freedom and park . the guy hop down , turn on they pro - gravity thruster . bear begin off-load 20 - foot long drilling pipe . Harry take reading from a seismic instrument . pull out a soil sampler , a small shovel on a telescoping shaft . he dig it in with he boot . clang . it do not dig in at all . he walk around , stabbing it into the ground . clang . clang . chick exchange nervous look with bear and Max . Harry bedrock . Whole goddamn place be bedrock . Harry examine the ground . not satisfied . he find a spot he like ; dig a " X " in the soil with he boot . Harry ( cont would ) here . Fire up the bad Boy bit . chick , Max and bear go into action . Max screw the bad Boy bit onto the first drilling pipe . bear hoist the pipe up to the drilling mechanism , muscle it onto the drill drive , then clamp it on . Harry plug a tee and golf ball into the craggy surface . he waggle he club , a 5 - iron head , screw onto the soil sampler 's shaft . pitt what 's he do ? chick wildcatter be superstitious , Colonel . Harry do this every time we break ground . he swing .... whack ! the ball rocket off the tee and keep go ... and go ... Harry hole number 77 . let 'er rip ! chick throw a lever , lowering the bad boy bit into the rocky , icy surface . down the drill pipe go , unimpeded , 10 foot just like that . it suddenly stop . it 's turn , but not drilling . bear and Max approach the drill hole . bear what in hell 's down there ? Harry chick , bring 'er up ! chick throw it in reverse . the drilling arm reverse out of the hole . the bad Boy bot come up chewed to shred . Harry and the guy examine the drill bit . everyone exchange a worried look . Max the dream . it 's my dream . Harry shut up , max. ( look at bear ) what 's with the look ? get that off you face . you have see bit get eat before . bear not after ten foot . chick the first ten better be the worst ten . Harry go to the terminator . chick grab Harry 's mysterious metal case . Harry pop open the metal case , revealing the terminator , a super high - tech bit . Harry I design you . I build you . you be the enemy of all subterranean shit . you be the king . it 's showtime . Harry pass it to bear , who screw it onto the drilling pipe , rockhound scoops up a collection of downhole rock chip . Harry ( cont would ) hit it , chick . the drill pipe turn . sediment come whooshing out of the hole and -- the drill pipe descend like a bitch . int . freedom sharp , watt , pitt and fisk have a panel remove , expose the gut of freedom 's wiring and component . watt and sharp be inside the panel , scrunch against the fuselage wall , unbolt a large component . watt hand pitt and fisk a smaller component . watt unbolt the housing . there and there . int . armadillo the rock chip spew into the collector in front of rockhound . Harry look on . Harry what do you make of that ? rockhound pick up several chip . draw they close to he eye . rockhound oh my . oh my , my , my . this be not rock . it 's uhh , it 's uhh , it 's ...... iron . Harry Iron deposit ? rockhound ( shake head ) no . it 's be melt . forged rather . I have only see this once - at a volcano in Hawaii . ( look up at Harry ) you be drilling into a big slab of cast-iron , Mr. stamper . int . freedom Harry pick up the radio . Harry give I Dan Golden . intercut - mission control / freedom Golden 's hand the phone . Golden yeah , Harry . what 's you situation ? intercut - golden and temple in mission control / harry on freedom Harry situation ? you put I down on the worst possible place on this asteroid . I be drillin ' into something I should not . the hole just eat one of my diamond - tip bit in thirty minute . that have never happen to I in twenty year . Golden you be forty minute in . you should be down 150 foot . how far be you ? Harry not far . ( beat ) twenty - three foot . close on Golden as he look at Temple . Temple this be a exercise in futility . Golden ( to Harry ) " do not tell I what you can not do , tell I what you can . " remember that , stamper ? go faster . Harry we will . Golden how ? int . freedom cargo BAY sharp and pitt enter . fisk hand sharp the phone . sharp sharp , over . push in on sharp in extreme close -up . his jaw tighten . his eye dart . sharp ( cont would ) Sir , the bird can not fly . Temple ( v.o. ) well , you need to get it fix unless you want to die along with that asteroid . a long pause , as sharp listen . sharp : ( cont would ) yes , sir . Temple ( v.o. ) and , I do not want that driller know about this . they have enough to worry about just drilling the damn ole . collinswood ( v.o. ) Colonel sharp , this be Chief of staff collinswood . have pitt and fisk prepare to detonate that nuke on the surface . too many life be at stake here . have they stand by . sharp on you order sir . ext . asteroid surface - a tiny valley - establishing the gnarled wreck of shuttle independence lie below . twisted metal and cabin material strewn everywhere . int . independence crash site camera move through the wreckage of Independence . nightmarish . emergency light still on battery flicker . the shattered windshield ; the blow emergency hatch ; a corpse lie face down , helmet half on , half off ; Independence 's huge tubular nuclear device . something move on the ceiling . reveal a.j. hang upside down , catch in the twisted fuselage skin . a.j. cut himself down . he twirl to the ground . see legs moving under rubble . a.j. throw off the rubble , revealing lev , daze but alive . a.j. help he to he foot . lev what happen to the other .... a.j. and lev move toward the cockpit . a.j. ( grab the radio ) freedom , come in , over . freedom , come in , over .... freedom ...? ( shaking head ) it 's you and I . a.j. smashes the radio in frustration . ext . freedom - drilling site chick and bear screw on a new length of drill pipe . chick engage the gear . the drill pipe descend . the terminator be work . Harry approach from the shuttle . Harry how far ? chick almost 60 foot and startin ' to kick ass ! suddenly grrrr . clang . bang . the drill pipe stop . Harry walk over to the hole . chick ( cont would ) that do not sound good . Harry increase r.p.m . chick throw the lever . the drill pipe turn faster , but still do n , t descend . Harry and the guy crowd around the drilling hole . Max freaky , man . bear I get one of that big-time crappy feeling about this . Harry we gotta get more power down to this bit . ( think ; look up at chick ) full throttle . chick you sure ? Harry yeah , I be sure . chick I do not think she can take it . Harry she 's gonna have to . chick the last time we run she at full throttle we rip she up ! Harry I do not have time to argue , chick , now goddamn it , throttle up , or I will come up there and do it for you . chick reluctantly throw the lever to full throttle . the turbine engine roar . the drill pipe turn faster in the hole . the turbine engine be shaking the armadillo . the drill pipe be descend again . suddenly bang !! the clutch rupture , spew the clutch plate and gear into space . Harry stop ! chick throw it into reverse . up come the terminator , chewed to shred . bear and Max look at it , then each other . very worried now . bear the terminator 's terminate . chick the clutch be dead . Harry we be goin ' to the second rig . Harry stalk off toward the shuttle . Harry ( cont would ) we need the second armadillo . sharp we will bring it out to you . Harry move to get he pipe tong . fisk and pitt be next to the uncover nuclear bomb . Harry look at the bomb . ext . freedom - drill site chick , bear and Max listen to Harry over the inter-crew link . intercut with above . int . freedom Harry why do not we cut to the chase , fella ? what the fuck be go on with that other nuke ? Harry stare at the nuclear weapon . sharp stamper , if you can not drill the hole , we be detonate this thing on the surface .... chick and the guy eye each other . Harry walk off , piss off .... int . mission control Golden and Clark be hunch over monitor . two military aide carry a nuclear command link ( football ) suitcase . Golden , alarmed , try to figure out what they have . int . shuttle freedom chick , bear and Max enter through the airlock . everyone turn and stare at sharp . sharp there 's no way in hell you be gonna get that hole dig , and you know it . Harry well , it be not my scientist that tell I about the fuck fire cracker inside the hand story . be we detonate on the surface or be we gonna drill ? bear I do not come up here to die . chick I say we drill . they say we have until Zero barrier . sharp ( freak out ) that hole better be dig in two hour , or we be detonate . whether you be on this godforsake rock or not ! Harry we be drilling . Harry and he crew file out . int . mission control - night Golden ( to Temple ) what be go on up there ? Temple you driller be not do the job , Dan . Golden after 15 minute ? what do you expect ? Temple Golden , we be prepare for surface detonation . Golden a surface detonation be not go to do it , General . my scientist have already tell you that . it must be detonate inside the asteroid . the alternative be that the Earth will be bombard by smaller matter which will be just as catastrophic . Temple stare off pensively into the sky . Temple we have a lot better chance of survive the " smaller matter . " the driller have two hour ( to the aide ) I want you ready on my command . the adjutant prepare the nuclear command link . military adjutant Sir , we have interface with the weapon . remote detonator stand by . int . independence - crash site lev be sit on the ground , head in he hand , completely demoralise . lev I feel like skywalker luke when he learn darth vader he father . what I should do ? a.j. get up , we get work to do . lev a.j. , let I cash in my chip . a.j. lev , we be get off this rock , if I have to drag you ass the whole way . ( off lev 's look ) now get up ! a.j. walk into the Independence cargo bay , detach from the nose section . then climb into Independence 's armadillo . a.j. c'mon lev , put you weight into it ! ext . independence - wreckage of cargo BAY lev be pry open the cargo bay ramp door ( the hydraulics be shot ) . lev you come push , yankee .... int . - mission control Golden turn to Temple . Golden the asteroid 's surface be heating up . Temple what do that mean ? Golden it mean they may not be able to work on the surface for much longer . the temperature will be unbearable . ext . independence - wreckage of cargo BAY the armadillo , engine rumbling , be poise to roll Independence 's long tubular nuclear weapon which have be eject with other debris from the break fuselage . lev wait a.j .! we drive over nuclear weapon and we finish before we start . a.j . so move it . lev jam a pipe between the arming devic and the nuke . as he roll the nuke over , the arming device detach , rip off , and clatter to the ground . int . mission control Temple Golden , tell you driller the clock be tick . I have 6 billion people down here rely on they ! in the b.d. hang a crayon draw of sunny day by Temple 's daughter . Temple ( cont would ) a lot of people be die .... int . independence - crash site the armadillo blast through the cargo bay door . a.j. and lev roll off away from the Independence . a.j. crane he neck look out through the armadillo . a ridge with thre tall spire be in the distance , ringed with light from freedom 's flood light . a half -smile from a.j hope . int . shuttle freedom sharp come back from the cockpit , carry the detonator . Harry 's on the phone to Golden . Harry ... you tell I that the only way to deal with this hunk 'o crud be to get a nuke 1000 foot down . you stick with that ? Golden ( v.o. ) firmly . Harry great . glad we have that understanding . Golden ( v.o. ) if you be gonna pull this off , we have to have a little talk about time ... and temperature . Zero barrier 's in two hour . Harry wait ...wait .. what about temperature ? when do temperature come into the picture ? Golden ( v.o. ) Harry , you suit be good upto 150 degree Celsius .... Harry and ...? how hot be it go to get ? Golden ( v.o. ) we do not anticipate you be on the asteroid so long . the clock be tick ... Harry how hot be it go to get ?! Golden ( v.o. ) Three hundred and fifty degree . Harry 's face drop . Harry thanks for tell we now , Golden .... I do not think my bit can handle that kind of temperature .... int . freedom - cargo BAY Harry click off the radio . watt we have still gotta fix this shuttle , stamper . Harry give I some more good news . you have get two new assistant who can fix you shuttle . bear , Max , hop to it . there 's not a machine they can not fix . we can handle the hole from here . ext . shuttle frredom the airlock open . sharp and pitt be lead out by Harry . Harry Colonel sharp , if we be go to blow this hole , you gotta help I . I need some more manpower .... ext . freedom drill site - minute later the second armadillo rumble out of freedom 's cargo bay . chick and the roughnecks work like a nascar pit crew . sharp and pitt lay on they back hold down a 1000 pound axle , fight zero-g . suddenly , the ground begin to tremble . ext . asteroid surface - front of " three spire ridge " a.j. 's armadillo rumble over a little hill revealing the ridge wth three spire directly in front of they . the SUN be move over the asteroid 's far horizon , cause a " sunrise . " it be breathtaking , spiritual ... and frighteningly bright . int . a.j. be armadillo a.j. over the hill . suddenly , the ground under the vehicle shake sharply . a.j. stop the armadillo . the ground around the vehicle heave up and down . the ground split . one tectonic plate rise 15 foot in the air . the ground break like a wave , up and down . int . asteroid surface - drilling site here , too , the ground shake . bear , terrify , drop a drill pipe . Max be shake to the ground . chick be nearly throw off the armadillo . chick clear the rig !!! chick jump down , bounce . everybody get the hell away from the drilling hole . int . a.j. be armadillo the asteroid shake violently , throw a.j. and lev around the cab . rock bank down on the armadillo 's top and hood . the asteroid surface continue split apart across the slope 's fall line . a.j. EARTHQUAKE ! the asteroid rumble a few more second , then the quake slowly stop . all be stll . a.j. ( cont would ) let 's take a look . ext . asteroid surface lev get out ; he nervously pace back and forth across the lip of the fissure . lev this bad . ( repeat , mantra ) darth vader . darth vader . a.j. listen , Mr. negative . everyone think we be dead . we be not . so , suck it up . because if we do not drill that hole , six billion people be go to die . and I be not lettin' Harry stamper get all the freaking credit for save the world . ( firm ) we be go do this , then we be go home . lev I l-o - v-e this american confidence ! like John wayne. ( sotto ) this why I suspect you win cold War . a.j. hep I get this rock over there . a.j. and lev start drag rock to use as a " kicker ramp " for the jump . lev be oblivious . they pull embed rock out , revealing diamond . a.j. hold up a large chunk . a.j. ( cont would ) this outta cut into a sweet wedding ring . lev ( hold chunk ) with this I can rebuild my mir . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site chick , bear , and Max cautiously approach the drill hole . everything seem okay . chick climb back up to the drill - drive platform . chick back to work ! bear grab the drill pipe and hoist it ... back to work . ext . asteroid surface - " three spire ridge " a.j. be walk along the gaping , jagged fissure , 50 foot wide , 50 foot deep , stretch across the entire slope . lev this bad , this very bad , very , very bad ... a.j. stick a cork in it , lev. I be tryin ' to think . a.j. stare at the fissure , he eye roam from the fissure ... to the armadillo ... back to the fissure . a.j. ( cont would ) hop on the back . get we weight distribute better . lev ( uncertain ) and why to do this ? a.j. because I be askin' . and turn you suit 's thruster off . trust I , okay ? a.j. get in the armadillo . lev go around back , climb on the rear bumper . he click off he pressure suit 's pro-gravity thruster . lev okey -doke . the armadillo begin back down the slope . int . a.j. be armadillo a.j. throw it in neutral . the armadillo stop . a.j. hey , lev , we be gonna see what this porche engine can do .... he throw it in drive . the armadillo lurch ahead . ext . a.j.. be armadillo - back bumper the armadillo 's rear tire churn forward , slinging rock and gravel which , in zero-g , shoot off in a stream into space , never fall . lev hold on for dear life . a.j. be armadillo churn up the slope like a bronco 4x4 , slinging gravel , head for the jagged fissure . it fly over the fissure 's edge as -- int . a.j. be armadillo -- a.j. punch the armadillo 's pro - gravity thruster " off " switch . ext . a.j. be armadillo - roof -- the armadillo 's roof - mount pro -gravity thruster shut down . ext . asteroid - " three spire ridge " - jagged fissure the armadillo , no longer thrust downwardly , fly across the jag fissure in zero-g . the heavy steel vehicle do not fall . it ascend , and amazingly , shoot across the entire 50 foot expanse of jag fissure . ext . a.j. be armadillo - back bumper lev look down . the fissure pass beneath he , then solid ground again . they have clear the fissure .... but they be not come down . lev a.j. , up be bad ! down ! int . a.j. be armadillo a.j. punch the pro- gravity thruster " start " switch . nothing .... ext . a.j. be armadillo - back bumper the thruster nozzle sputter , but no thrust . the armadillo be 50 foot off the ground and still ascend ... into outer space . lev , he next stop be Planet Mars , panic . he climb the roof and peer inside the front windshield , pounding on the windshield . lev down ! not up ! up be bad ! down ! int . a.j. be armadillo the armadillo continue lift into space , from which there be no return . a.j. toggle the " start " switch . the swtich 's indicator light flicker . a.j. hold on , lev , I got her workin '!! ext . a.j.' armadillo not quite . only the right - front and right - rear thruster nozzle fire , push the right side downward , roll the armadillo over on its side . lev , on the bumper , cling to the rear- mount tow winch and cable assembly . suspend in zero-g , on its side and in mid-air , the armadillo be push by thruster , tire - first , against the sheer , 90 degree cliff face next to the slope . all four armadillo tire slam against the cliff . the armadillo bounce off . lev , grab the armadillo 's towing cable , fly off the rear . the cable spool out and lev , hang on for all he 's worth , slam against the cliff face and descend .... int . a.j. be armadillo a.j. , lie sideways , keep toggling the thruster start switch . the indicator light finally flash " in " and a.j. ram it into drive -- ext . asteroid surface - cliff face / armadillo -- the armadillo , all four thruster now work , drive sideways across the cliff face drag lev , who bounce against the cliff face and gradually fall , until he 's bounce on the asteroid surface . the armadillo finally fall down the cliff face and skid to a stop . int . a.j. be armadillo a.j. , shake , take a deep breath and get out . ext . a.j. be armadillo - rear a.j. walk to the rear . lev splay out 50 foot from the back of the armadillo , cover in asteroid surface dirt and grime , look up at he . lev very bad idea , a.j. ext . freedom - drilling site Harry order he crew to start the drill up . the man drill a shitload of foot in record time . they finally burst through the rock and hit easy sediment . the asteroid be spin toward sunlight . here , too , there be a sunrise . bear 's face sweat inside the helmet . chick 's vision begin to blur . tito take a seat on a nearby rock , exhaust . chick mutha ... it 's get warm . bear ( worried ) we get that sunrise , Harry . this bit be gonna fry up ...... suddenly the transmission linkage in the armadillo blows . Harry goddamn it ! ( think ) we '' take the tranny from the other rig ! and if you wanna complain about the heat , go to some other fuck asteroid .... toughen up . sharp ( to roughnecks ) let 's move it ..... let 's go , guy . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site chick and bear yank the detach good transmission housing from inside armadillo 2 and carry it across to armadillo 1 . int . armadillo 1 - cabin Max finish unbolt the broken transmission housing . he pass it to chick who dump it on the surface . sharp and Truman work with bear and chick who feed in the good transmission housing . Max press the airlock . the door close and the cabin pressurise . Max click off he helmet . he begin install the transmission housing and the linkage . ext . armadillo 1 chick and bear , atop the drilling platform , begin install the clutch plate and transmission linkage . Harry move guy , move it ..... bolt , bolt , bolt , connect , connect ..... int . n.a.s.a . - mission control - day skip be analysing the asteroid 's thermal reading . a multi - colored thermal image map show most of the asteroid be GREEN ( no heat ) , but around the choose landing site be numerous red spot ( heat ) . skip look at this thermal . this be before sunlight hit the drill site . she 's really heating up .... int . armadillo Max be bolt . the downhole pressure gauge needle jolt . Max do not see it . he keep work . ext . drilling site Harry 's watch the work . out of the corner of he eye ... the drilling arm kick . Harry turn to it . nothing happen . his eye move back to chick and bear , then back to the drilling arm . it kick up again . just a few inch . Harry chick . unbolt the tranny . chick we just put it in . Harry do it . now . chick , confuse , start unbolt the tranny . suddenly the well kick hard , one foot high . chick 's jostle . bang !! the rig kick hard , three feet , buck chick off . chick scramble back up to the drill platform . the ground shake . a terrific trembler rumble through the valley . Harry , Max and bear cling to the side of the armadillo . chick 's nearly throw off . Harry ( cont would ) get the tranny outta there ! we lose the tranny , we're dead men !! Harry climb up to the drill platform . the ground shake violently , throw harry and chick around the top of the drill platform . Harry Max , you gotta get that bolt undone ! int . armadillo - rear compartment Max be furiously unbolt the tranny housing . there be two bolt to go . he ratch one off .... Max I be doin ' it , I be doin ' it . Max get to the last bolt .... Harry ( v.o. ) go Max , go Max , get the last bolt ....! Max get the last bolt undone . Max do !! ext . armadillo - drill platform chick and Harry pull the unfasten tranny housing out of the armadillo as -- int . armadillo - rear compartment Max stare at the downhole pressure gauge , grop through the compartment for he helmet . Max pressure 's through the roof ! shit , where 's my helmet ....!? ext . asteroid surface - drilling site suddenly the drilling arm jolt upward , lift the armadillo six feet off the ground . chick she 's gonna blow ! Harry max , get the hell out of there !!! int . armadillo - rear compartment Max be throw against a wall of the rear compartment . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site the drilling arm kick again , six foot this time , toss the armadillo over on two wheel . int . armadillo - rear compartment Max be slammed against the wall again . terrify , he grab for he helmet and lock the neck seal . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site a deep rumbling emanate from the drilling hole , come seemingly from the asteroid core . Harry get to he foot and slam he fist against the armadillo 's side . Harry clear the rig ! everyone scatter .... int . armadillo - rear compartment Max , helmet on , be frantically scramble to the airlock , but there 's no time ... Max I can't depressurize !! ext . asteroid surface - drilling site with a awesome force , the drilling hole blows . the drilling pipe explode upward , lift the drilling arm and the entire armadillo vehicle with it . the entire rig blow upward into space . int . armadillo - rear compartment Max punch the door lock without depressurise the cabin and be suck violently out of the rear compartment into open space . ext . space over asteroid surface fifty feet of drill pipe , the drilling arm , and the entire armadillo rig with max trail , blows into space . max's face be a scream mask of terror and confusion , reach out , but there 's no one to catch he .... Harry and the guy watch in helpless silence as the drill rig and Max ascend into space . chick Max ..... no. no. no. int . n.a.s.a . - mission control - day skip motion to Golden . he come over . skip they just lose the rig . the hole blow out . Golden take the news stoically . he think , look across the room at Temple . he look at the clock . one hour and forty minute to go . Golden say nothing . ext . freedom - drilling site silence . a stark tableau . Harry and the man stand there , just watch . devastate , confuse , in shock . this be a total catastrophe . the mission be over . sharp nod to pitt . pitt pick up the remote nuclear detonator . sharp stamper , you ready to blow this ? let 's get outta here ...! Harry ignore he . he will not accept defeat . Harry chick , get you butt over here . chick drag he ass over to Harry . chick yeah . Harry we be gonna fix this - make it work . if we weld that two together and go in one speed .... chick Harry .... Harry get you ass up here ! chick do not move . the two man stare at each other . chick I have be with you fourteen year . I have never say this to you , never think I would . it 's over . chick walk off toward the shuttle . bear join he . Harry , atop of the armadillo , look around . his head drop ... he 's burn up . his fist clenches the half medallion in he hand ( where be it - clipped to suit - in pouch of suit ? ) his eye shut tightly . he be go to will victory from defeat . he will not give up . camera' at low angle , give Harry a larger - than - life look . Harry hear something . a low rumble . it be confusing . it sound like ...... a armadillo engine . Harry open he eye . he slowly turn and look -- across the valley - on the distant ridge - the front bumper of a.j. 's armadillo inch over the ridge crest . harry , for the first time on the asteroid , smile . miracles do happen . harry chick ... bear !!! chick and bear about ready to enter the freedom 's airlock , stop and turn . they see a.j.' armadillo roaring down the hillside onto the drilling site . ext . freedom - drilling site a.j. and lev roar up to the drilling site in the Independence 's armadillo . they come down a hill spectacularly without brake and it pile into shit , knock thing down . lev and a.j. bounce up to chick and bear ..... hug and high - fives go around . bear a.j. frost . back from the dead . chick now you can die with we . Harry all the bit be go , a.j . I have be invent drill bit for twenty - five year and I do not know what to use . a.j . you would not happen to need a diamond tipper , would you ? a.j. pull out the pouch of diamond , find on the ridge . Harry boy , we be back in business ! int . n.a.s.a . - mission control - day Golden stare at the wall . Grace be curl up on a chair in the corner . Harry ( v.o. ) we have good news folk . a.j. and the Russian just show up . no other survivor . Grace shut she eye , smile . sob . ext . shuttle freedom - afternoon chick shut off a arc welder and move aside , let Harry view a drill bit with a.j.' diamond mount on the top like diamond in a ring set . Harry and the guy smile . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site the newly create drill bit lower into the drilling hole and begin turn . it chews into the shit down below , whirring and ripping and ...... descend quickly . chick it work ! she 's goin ' through she like a hot knife through butter ! begin montage the man drill a shitload of foot in very little time . it be a feverish pace , they teamwork perfectly time , as if choreograph . quick cut --a.j. work the lever on the drill platform . -- hydraulic tong clamping , unclamp on pipe . -- bear hoist pipe . -- chick and bear wait with connect pipe . -- the drilling arm go up and down . -- newly connect drill pipe descend into the hole . -- Harry watch , shouting order . -- there be serious wind storm , give Harry , a.j. , and the other guy problem . so severe they knock guy across the asteroid . end montage int . mission control skip look at thermal reading with alarm . skip Dan , the surface be heating up ! ext . asteroid surface - drilling site Harry time , a.j. a.j . one hour . Harry distance , chick . chick eight hundred and twenty foot , Harry . Harry we gotta do 180 in thirty minute . chick downhole pressure 's goin ' through the roof ! Harry stop ! shut down . chick throw the lever . the drill pipe stop turn . a.j. Harry , we can not stop . Harry get to , kid . no choice . a.j. drill right through the pressure to pay dirt . Harry that 's crazy . a.j. sometimes crazy work . Harry and a.j. stare at each other . Harry chick , a.j. 's callin ' this one . a.j. full throttle ! chick throw the lever . the drill pipe descend on full throttle . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control - day all the technician stand , stare at the central board , where a graph show the drilling progress . flip nine hundred and eighty ... nine ninety ... they be into the fault , they be do it . Golden look at the clock . thirty -one minute to go . he twist he wedding ring . Golden now just get the thing in the hole . all the technician stare at they monitor . the atmosphere be thick with tension . Clark chew he nail . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site the hole be finish , the drill pipe 's be pull ; a.j. drive the armadillo safely away from the site . watt and sharp roll a gurney contain the nuclear device ( a massive stainless steel tube ) down freedom 's cargo bay ramp toward the hole . Harry and all the roughnecks stand by the hole . Harry one thousand foot . chick ( smile ) thousand and three , Harry . with a half hour to spare . sharp and watt roll the nuclear device gurney past the roughnecks up to the drilling hole . Harry get the pipe and bit outta there . chick get inside the armadillo . grab the stick-shift . compress the clutch and throw it in reverse . the drill pipe begin to reverse out of the hole . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control skip she 's gettin ' hotter ! gotta mean gas - methane , helium , probably water vapor . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site the drill pipe turn sloely , retract from the hole . bear , atop the drilling platform , be work on something with a wrench . bear accidently drop he wrench . it fall on the turbine 's ripped mesh protective screen and hang there . bear look at it nervously and reach ... the wrench fall into the turbine spin at six - thousand r.p.m . with a grinding squeal , the wrench shrapnel blow out of the turbine and -- the drilling arm reverse speed and violently thrust the pipe forward , buckle it . a piece of the drill string be blown out , smash into sharp 's helmet , spider - webbing he faceshield . he 's out cold . Harry and the guy dive away from the hole . chick , confuse , work the clutch furiously to no avail . the drilling arm ram the pipe back down the hole , where it buckle , bend and break in half . tito tend to sharp ..his face have lose all color . Harry approach the hole . look down . fifty feet down be a mess of mangle pipe , block the hole . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control - day Golden continue look at the thermal imaging . Golden Harry , c'mon , we get thirty minute . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site Harry well , Dan , you be just go to have to goddamn wait ' cause we gotta big problem up here in hell . ( turn to guy ) somebody 's gotta go down there . chick do not look at I . bear I can not even get my foot in there . Harry turn and eye a.j. a.j. stare down the hole . Harry do or die , kid . close on a.j. as he peer into the hole . a.j. something I have be meaning to talk to you about . when this be all over and we be back home , I would like to marry you daughter .... Harry stare at a.j. , the look priceless . a.j. ( cont would ) maybe I will ask she again later .... Harry turn around .. look up at the star-filled sky . a.j. walk over to sharp ... who 's come to now . Harry ( to Golden ) oh yeah , Golden ? Golden ( v.o. ) go ahead , Harry . Harry you shuttle pilot just take a nasty shot from a drill string .... Golden be he alright ? Harry I hope so , he 's gotta get we off this shithole . int . drilling hole a.j , tie to a safety tether , come down the hole with a hand - held cutter and a length of rope . he reach the obstruction . the drill pipe have be mashed , bent , buckle . severe end stab into the side of the hole . a.j. start cut with the hand - hold cutter . ext . drilling hole the guy stand there , watch . nothing happen . agonise second pass . suddenly the ground rumble . another EARTHQUAKE . it slowly start to subside . int . drilling hole the hole shake . a.j. freeze , sweat . Harry ( v.o. ) a.j. , we need you . I need everything you get . a.j. wrestle with the severe pipe , untangle they , tie the rope to they . he give the rope a tug . chick and bear , above , pull up the break pipe . ext . drilling hole sharp enter interface with the weapon . pitt click a six digit code into a digital pad on the device remote detonator . pitt device armed . the nuclear device have a small sled with ratchet wheel to let it slide down the hole slowly . sharp and watt lift one end of the gurney . the nuclear device slide off the gurney toward the mouth of the drilling hole . not . n.a.s.a . - mission control - day the thermal and seismic sensor be transmitted from freedom start go crazy skip it 's a mess up there ...! ext . asteroid surface - drilling site another temblor hit , the worst yet , 9.7 on Earth . watt fall , lose she grip on the gurney ; she end collapse . the nuclear device lurch sideways off the gurney and roll away from the drilling hole ...... the nuclear device slide off the gurney .... int . drilling hole a.j. experience the deepest , most sinister rumble yet , emanate form the asteroid 's core , something from hell . there 's a horrendous whooshing SOUND . a windstorm of pebble , like a blow tornado , whoosh up from the hole , smash into a.j.' faceshield . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site everyone whirl around in the sound 's direction as -- across the valley floor - a 100 foot methane geyser erupt , spew a plume of hideous greenish gas into space . then another 200 feet high ! another 500 feet high ! the asteroid have become alive . the geyser 's eruption loosen the asteroid 's surface material and -- int . drilling hole a.j. this suck .... a.j. be whoosh violently out of the hole . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site pebble and hot steam blast from the drilling hole . everyone recoil .... Harry get back !! a.j. shoot out of the pipe , tether the safety line behind he , blow into space . the safety tether snap and rip off . a.j. be 70 foot off the surface . Harry dive for he rip tether . catch it , inch before a.j. 's throw into space . Harry and bear grab a.j. 's safety tether and begin to pull he down . chick stare at something o.s. , he jaw drop . chick this thing definitely do not like we . chunks of the asteroid , some as big as truck , other as big as house , dislodge from the asteroid surface and , slowly at first , but with terrifyingly increase speed and momentum ..... .... they start roll . harry and the guy just stand there , disbely what they be see . on come the rock and ice chunks , roll . as they hit smaller surface rock , they take little hop , and bigger hop , until they be bounding across the surface . Harry lash a.j. 's tether to the armadillo . Harry and the guy run for they life . in the midst of this -- -- a 500 foot high geyser erupt next to the drilling hole . pitt get blast by the geyser , which blow he across the asteroid floor , slamming he into the park armadillo . a boulder roll at pitt and squash he against the armadillo , kill he . a 20 foot ice boulder roll toward a.j. 's safety tether . a.j. , suspend 70 foot off the asteroid surface , look down at the oncoming ice boulder . a.j. , terrify , try to unbuckle the tether , but he can not in time . the boulder hit a.j. 's tether , roll over it , flatten it to the asteroid surface , which cause -- --a.j. , with a jolt , to be yank toward the surface . a.j. scramble with he safety harness . chick , next to the armadillo , see a.j. 's plight . he dive inside , engage the gear . the armadillo roar toward the oncoming ice boulder . a.j. , terrify , continue to descend as -- chick , drive the armadillo , ram the ice boulder just as it 's about to roll over a.j . the boulder hop up , smashes down on the armadillo 's hood , crushing the steel compartment around chick , and gently roll over onto -- a.j. , who log-rolls under the armadillo , as the ice boulder whomp down and keep roll . the nuclear device be roll across the asteroid 's surface . pebbles and debris clanging off the device 's remote detonator ..... Harry bound toward the armadillo . the largest , jagged rock roll at the vehicle . Harry 's catch . there 's no place to turn . the rock roll straight at he . twenty foot .... 10 foot .... Harry fall heavily to the ground . Harry get up and dive down inside a fox-hoe-sized indentation in the asteroid surface .... the boulder roll right over he . finally the quake stop . the situation stabilise . everyone get to they foot . Harry and a.j. get up . they look off at -- the massive boulder roll away in the distance , smash into other rock formation . Harry pick up a diamond . it sparkle in the light . chick grab one . hold it up , marvel at it . the massive boulder roll away in the distance , smash into other rock formation . Harry pick up a diamond . it sparkle in the light . chick grab one . hold it up , marvel at it . sharp , with bruise on he face , look through he crack faceshield down at Pitt 's corpse . sharp he 's dead . Harry put it down , chick . chick toss down the diamond and follow Harry . everyone check themselves . look at other . there 's no talk , no time to lose . they reconvene , by the nuclear device . it 's dent . the alumniium gurney be smashed , mangle . sharp Three on that side , the rest over here . they hoist the nuclear device and carry it to the drilling hole . they plug one end of the nuke in the drilling hole and lift the other . the nuke begin to insert down the hole . suddenly sharp try to grab a tubular piece of aluminium from the break gurney . sharp ( cont would ) stop ...! -- ram it into the wheel of the nuke' ratchet - wheel delivery sled . the nuke stop insert into the hole . sharp inspect the remote detonator . sharp ( cont would ) the remote 's shot . ( look up ) it will have to be manually detonate . chick what 's that mean ? pause . Harry means one of we be not leave . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control Golden address the room . Golden the situation : the hole be drill but the remote detonator be not functional . one of the crew be go to stay behind and .... ( deep breath ) ... manually detonate the device . Golden look over at Grace . she be stunne . the news be just sink in . Golden do not stay for this . Grace I be not leave . Temple in 18 minute we will be at Zero barrier . ( to Grace ) you father better be a man of he word . int . shuttle freedom - cabin pan from harry ...to a.j. to ...to chick ....to lev...to bear . everyone be huddle inside the cabin . the smashed remote detonator , a 2000 - foot spool - drum of electrical wire and a knife sit on the table . sharp ( stoically ) I would trade place with any one of you . but we need two people to fly this mother back . so , we either all stay or you guy draw . sharp raise a bundle of electrical wire in he hand . the crew 's go to draw straw . the high tension yet . no one breathes , no one move . sharp who 's first ? ( no response ) clockwise then . sharp hold the wire strand bundle in front of lev. lev stare at it . he smile nervously and reach ... and draw . the strand be long . lev exhales . next ... chick , chick stare at the bundle , sweat . he grab a strand . pull slowly . long . he exhales . next ... bear . he stare at the bundle , think , choose . he grab and pull quickly , decisively . long . two strand remain , and two man , Harry and a.j. it 's a.j. 's turn .... a.j. stare at the wire strand - not a bundle now . a.j. shift in he chair . the matter will be decide on this last pull . a.j. look at Harry . they lock eye . Harry you turn . a.j. I be not gonna draw against you Harry . chick ( start to get up ) I can not watch this . Harry ( stern , hard ) sit down , chick . chick sit down . Harry look at a.j. Harry draw . a.j. stare at the two strand . get use to the idea . he reach and begin to pull . stop . choose the other strand . and pull . it be short . a.j. stare at the short strand of wire in he hand . we see a fear on he face that get cover by a small smile . a.j. well , I guess I win . now I be the guy who get to save the Earth . a.j. take off the half medallion . Harry take off he half medallion . a.j . we say we would join this after we drill the hole . it just be not gonna be on Earth . they slide the two halve together to make a whole . Harry and a.j. exchange a long look . int . shuttle freedom - cockpit watt flip switch . suddenly the jet ignite ! watt ignition ! she 's start ! int . n.a.s.a . - mission control skip turn to Golden excitedly . skip they get freedom goin ' ! int . shuttle freedom - cargo BAY a.j. and Harry stand in the airlock , helmet on . Harry carry the two thousand foot spool - drum of wire . the airlock open . Harry and a.j. descend onto the asteroid . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control Golden look at the clock run down - ten thirty - three ... ten thirty -two ... ten thirty -one ... ext . asteroid surface - drilling site Harry and a.j. approach the nuclear device . it 's half in , half out of the drilling hole , as they leave it . Harry and a.j. alligator - clamp the end of the wire spool - drum onto the nuke 's detonation device . a.j you never answer my question . they finish attach the wire . a.j. pull the piece of tubular aluminium out of the nuke 's ratchet wheel delivery sled . the nuke descend downhole , slowly spool out wire from the spool drum . a.j. about Grace , Harry . ( laugh nervously ) I know it be not gonna happen now , but .... if thing be different ... what would you say ...? Harry walk back toward freedom . a.j. follow . Harry I always want a son . and if I have .... I would want he to be like you . Harry hand he the pipe section . Harry ( cont would ) you be go to need some magic in the world . you can marry she , a.j. a.j. laugh , be tell at this dire time in he life . he look at Harry with a hint of bittersweet smile . a.j. mean " could have ...? " Harry no . go home , a.j. marry Grace . a.j. I be not go home Harry . with one hand , Harry stab the airlock door , and then with a small pipe clamp , rip a.j. 's air tube off . Harry it 's my hole , I drill it , and I be stay with it till the end . Harry grab he , throw he kick , scream body into the airlock . a.j. be choke . Harry ( cont would ) she 's always go to be my little girl . the door shut automatically . Harry be now alone . int . shuttle freedom - airlock a.j. explode from the airlock into the cabin . a.j. goddamn it , harry ....! a.j. lunge for the airlock . sharp grab a.j. with he good arm , help by bear .. hold he back . a.j. let I go .... let I go ....!! sharp you have no oxygen ... you tube be ripped ... let it go ....!! a.j. , sobbing , furious , pound on the airlock window , stare at Harry outside . a.j. ( pound on the door ) harry !! Harry turn and walk back to the drilling hole . sharp look at he . sharp this guy really be a hero .... int . n.a.s.a . - mission control rear room skip director ? it 's Mr. stamper . he want to talk to he daughter . Golden look over at Grace . they eye meet .... a n.a.s.a. tech hand Grace a mike and exit . she stare at the static on the monitor . Harry 's face fade in and out . Grace know something be very wrong from she father 's strain , tired face . she force a smile . intercut with Harry inside the armadillo Grace daddy . Harry ( v.o. ) Grace . I ... ( sigh ) this be so hard for I . I do not have .... tear start to well up in she eye . Harry ( v.o . ) ( cont would ) ... I just .... want you to know how much I love you . Grace I be so proud of you , daddy . Grace wipe a tear from she face . Harry ( v.o . ) ( look at Earth ) it 's so beautiful up here . so pure. ( swallow hard ) I remember something I read once ... " the world be a fine place ... and worth fight for . " look at Earth , smile ) Gracie , I be just a iron-ass - warrior doin ' what 's best . ( pause ) take care of a.j. I will look in on you from time to time .... Harry pull off the video link . Grace 's monitor go black . Grace touch the monitor , as Harry 's face fade away . her knee buckle . she sink to the floor . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site Harry look at the detonator in hand . Harry you have three minute and I be not wait . int . shuttle freedom - cockpit watt and sharp settle into the cockpit and begin flipping switch . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site Harry , all business now , situate himself next to the nuke . the manual detonator in he hand . Harry let 's go , sharp . get the hell off this rock . I will push this button . int . shuttle freedom - cockpit sharp hit the thruster switch . ext . freedom the booster rocket sputter and die . int . freedom - cockpit nothing happen . he hit it again . again . watt unbuckle and go to the engine ignition system . the timer continue count down to one thirty - four ... one thirty - three ... one thirty -two ... int . n.a.s.a . - mission control skip the thruster be down ! 32 second . ext . asrteroid surface - drilling site Harry look irritably at the shuttle's sputter thruster . Harry sharp , you better get that engine goin' . int . shuttle freedom - service hatch the timer count 23...22... 21. watt be frantically adjust the fuel modulator' valve ... sharp watt , we gotta get that thing go ! watt the interiorr valve's stuck ! lev crowd in next to she . watt ( cont would ) ( to lev ) back off !! you don't know this component !! lev back off . keeps look at the modulator , curiously . in the cockpit - the timer read 10...9...9... sharp keep hit the thruster switch . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control Golden pace . technician stare pessimistically at console . Golden stamper , you give I you word . you have five second . PRESS the button ! int . shuttle freedom - cockpit Temple ( v.o. ) sharp , I need a solution ! back to lev , watt and sharp . sharp Sir with all due respect , if I know the problem , I would give a solution , sir ..! Temple well , find a solution !! ext . asteroid surface - drilling site Harry be look at the shuttle . Close - up on finger ready to pull the trigger . Harry sharp , what the hell be you do ? get the hell out of here ! Harry 's eye close as the clock count - 10 ... - 11 ...- 12. Temple stamper detonate ! int . shuttle freedom - service hatch lev ( to watt ) we have just the same shit part in russia !! sometime it not work so we hit !! you gotta give it whack !! whack !! hit !! watt what !!? lev give it whack !! lev grab a wrench and go ballistic . smashes it down on the component , again and again and again . we hear jet fuel course through the component and -- -- sharp hit the ignition switch and the thruster FIRE . ext . asteroid surface - shuttle freedom shuttle freedom lift off the asteroid on full reverse thruster power , like a harrier jet . it ascend backwards , fall away from the asteroid , away from Earth , toward the Moon . Harry be a solitary figure , leave behind . int . shuttle freedom - cockpit sharp , watt , a.j. , lev and bear watch Harry become smaller and smaller on the asteroid . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site Harry take he final breath . look around . Harry all right , son-of - a-bitch , it 's just you and I .... Harry 's finger compress on the detonator button .... a geyser of steam next to the drilling hole blat up to five foot away . a second geyser , directly underneath Harry , blows . the manual detonator fly from Harry 's hand as he 's knock backward -- -- into the drilling hole ! int . drilling hole Harry fall ass -first down the hole , he pro - gravity thruster push he further and further down . Harry 's finger gouge into the wall of the hole . he scissors he leg . he boot scrape the side . he begin climb up out of the hole .... we see that he air have be puncture . he 's lose pressure . he start to choke . int . shuttle freedom they have ascend to a safe distance . sharp something 's wrong . a.j . do not worry . he will come through . sharp we should have detonation by now . a.j. Harry do not fail . sharp we be go back . a.j. what ? sharp every life , that you know , will die .... unless that nuke be detonate . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site harry glove hand grip the side of the hole . then he helmet appear . he look across the asteroid surface to the manual detonator , lie in the dirt . the nuke have now descend several hundred foot into the hole . int . shuttle freedom we move down the face of the terrify man , look down on the craggy asteroid .... chick ( unsure ) that mean we might die too .... sharp watt , prepare for re-landing . now !! watt , freeze with fear , begin hit switch . ext . asteroid surface - drilling site Harry crawl out of the hole . the nuke be at the bottom of the hole . Harry run , gasp for air , bound across the asteroid surface , dodging geyser and roll debris . he dive for the detonator . he stare long and hard . a tear well in he eye . his finger press on the detonator ... sweat pour over he face .... Harry I beat you . slow-motion close - up on Harry 's finger as it press the detonator . ext . space the nuclear device detonate . a spectacular concussion . the asteroid split in two halve , as plan , like a split diamond . the two blown piece wing off into space , on new vector angle which might miss the Earth .... int . shuttle freedom - cockpit the detonation rock the cabin . everyone 's violently buffete around . watt Houston , we have detonation ! watt fumble for the reverse switch as the flame from the explosion grow closer .... she hit the directional thruster , jam it as hard as it will go ... the flame bite up at they . the shuttle veer off toward Earth . a.j. Harry .... a.j. and the other stare out the cockpit window as the nuclear fission explosion flame out , the halve of the asteroid wing off . ext . around the world - montage of image in extreme slow mo , we see image around the world . wall STREET desert .... a crowded bar with people huddle around a t.v.... extremely tight on a tear fall form a woman 's face .... english farmer in a corn field .....a father hold he son as they watch the brilliant flame sky .... Golden close he eye and fall to he seat .... arm raise in unison .... people embrace .... at the pyramid , dapple in firelight , hundred praying .... int . n.a.s.a . - mission control Grace be quietly weep . the asteroid detonation be computer -image on the Central board . we see the asteroid be two halve , move in new direction . the technician stare in wonderment . Golden where be they , flip ? give I some angle , give I some direction , give I speed ... flip ( analysing new data ) the new course be .... they be gonna miss we ! the technician cheer . Grace look up . wipe she tear . Golden approach she . Golden I just want to tell you I be proud to know the daughter of the man who just save the world . ext . arizona - shuttle landing area shuttle freedom touch down . n.a.s.a. quarantine vehicle race out to meet it . int . n.a.s.a . - mission control n.a.s.a. tehnician sit at console , exhaust . there be Coke can , coffee mug , cigarettes overflow ashtray . jimbo , theo and Pearl , wear v.i.p. visitors button , stand at the back . jimbo this definitely do not look like a glamorous job . int . shuttle freedom a.j. , chick and bear unbuckle , begin to rise from seat . chick I be dyin ' for a budweiser . sharp stay seat . let the medical quarantine truck set up . bear I be not gettin ' another enema from nurse ratchet . a.j. , chick and bear look at each other . a.j . what would Harry do ? bear I think he would go get a beer . ext . shuttle freedom the emergency hatch door blows in front of surprised n.a.s.a. quarantine technician . ext . arizona - shuttle landing area a.j. , chick and bear walk away from the shuttle . all he n.a.s.a. quarantine medic be look for they . chick what be you lookin ' at ? bear yeah , okay , you be right , we be the stud who just blow up the death Star . a wave of fan be hold back by military police . sharp , hold he shoulder in pain , be help across the tarmac by watt . a vet bystander come up to sharp and drape a american flag over he shoulder . Temple , with a huge grin , approach sharp . Temple salute sharp . among the mass , chick catch sight of denise . Tommy stand next to she , wave a small flag , proud as can be . Grace run toward a.j. ; he see she and run to she . they fall into each other arm . Grace be cry . a.j. be cry . they kiss . a.j. look up at the sky . a.j . he 's up there , Grace . and he will never die . will you marry I ? I gotcha a new rock .... a.j. pull out one of the diamond from the asteroid surface , as big as a doorknob , about two thousand karat . it glitter in the sunlight . Grace stare at it , agog . as we pull back and camera tilt to the skie above . where Harry stamper 's soul remain ..... the end