arrival screenplay by Eric heisserer base on the Story " Story of you life " write by Ted Chiang final shoot draft August 20 , 2015 a2 fade in : ext . lake house ~- sunset 1 the sky be a shimmer expanse of star , pack together . louise ( v.o. ) memory be a strange thing . ext . lake house - sunset 2 a modern home build on the shore with a large deck . the skin of the lake be a cloudy mirror . louise bank stare up at the sky , lean against the deck 's railing . merlot glass in one hand . Louise have a clean , timeless look about she ; the kind of woman who age gracefully . short hair . louise ( v.0o . ) it do not work like I think it do . we be so bound by time ; by its order . she step back inside , a little tipsy , smile . int . lake house - continuous a2 stack of book on shelf and table . a telescope against a glass wall . and dry -erase board , mark with foreign language . different color for different dialect . louise ( v.0 . ) maybe there 's a higher order . mingle here be also dinner plate . candlelight . louise darling , be there any more wine ? she pause when a deck light wink on outside . her eye sparkle when she see something : a question , write on the glass , light from outdoors . '' do you want to make a baby ? '' louise ( v.o. ) I use to think this be the beginning of you story . Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 2 . Louise go right to the glass , want to touch the question with she finger to make sure it 's real . close on her face : from outside look in , a curious circular shadow be throw from the deck light . but she eye start to water . in the background , the bedroom door hang open and the silhouette of a man lean against the frame , watch she . Louise turn around , smile again . we know she answer . int . mercy hill general hospital ~ morning 3 Louise cradle a newborn girl in she arm . her name : hannah . Hannah reach up . crook she tiny hand around Louise 's finger . later a nurse start to take baby Hannah to give Louise some rest . Hannah bleat and reach for she mother . Louise smile through the exhaustion and pull she back -- louise okay , come back , come back to I ... ext . lake house yard ~ afternoon 4 four-year - old hannah dress as a cowgirl . on a toy riding horse with wheel for hoof . giggle like she can not stop . louise ( v.o. ) I remember moment in the middle . she pull both finger - gun , aim at we . hannah stick ‘em up ! int . hannah be room — night 5 eight-year-old Hannah be tuck in bed . Said to we as a prayer : hannah I love you . Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 3 . int . lake house — night twelve - year - old Hannah glower at we : hannah I hate you ! -- and storm into she room . int . mercy hill general hospital - morning twelve - year-old daughter hannah lie , eye close . Hannah be pale . her head have be shave in the last month . louise ( v.o. ) and this be the end . Louise hold she daughter 's hand in hers . her thumb trace Hannah 's knuckle . a life monitor beep as Hannah 's heart stop . Hannah 's eye roll up and she sigh she final breath . Louise 's grip on she daughter tighten . tremble . a nurse start to pull Louise away , but she hang on -- now it 's mother try to return to she baby girl -- louise come back -- come back to I , baby -- Louise be unaware she 's cry . Hannah remain motionless . louise ( v.o . ) but now I be not so sure I believe in beginning and ending . there be day that define you story beyond you life . CUT to black . louise ( v.0 . ) like the day they arrive . ext . sky - day storybook blue , patch with cumulous cloud . drifting down to find a tree line in motion . look into a car on a road . 10 il 12 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 4. ext . parking garage - day 9 Louise park she car end step out . her hair be longer here , and there 's no wedding band on she finger . she carry herself like someone who 's learn how to be alone , handle she briefcase , coffee , key , etc . it 's oddly quiet in the garage around she . ext . university campus — day 10 Louise cross campus . absorb in she thought . overhead , a pair of F - 22 fighter slice across the sky . ext . student CENTER - moment later 1i Louise pass the campus center . a crowd of student be huddle around the glass outside the student center , look in at a large tv . the crowd be too dense for Louise to see what be on the tv . Louise frown , but keep go . overhead , a second pair of fighter jet rocket past . Louise look up at the sky . apprehensive . int . university classroom — day 12 Louise enter a classroom , leave the door open behind she . out in the hall , a couple of student run by , but it 's unclear if they be late for class or it 's something worse . Louise step to she desk to unload she briefcase and thermos . the course name be write on the blackboard behind the desk : '' Advanced Linguistics '' and '' Dr. Louise bank . '' louise good morning , everyone . no response . Louise finally look to the class to discover : only four student seat in a otherwise empty classroom . louise ( cont ’d ) where be everyone ? pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 5 . the grad student in the room shrug . this be the hardcore learner , with they laptop out and textbooks open . the class session bell chime over the PA . Louise look back at the door , silently consider something , then decide : louise ( cont ’d ) well , let 's get start . today we be talk about portuguese , and why it sound so different from the other romance language . Louise walk to a map of western Europe on a roll easel , park next to a tv . louise ( cont 'd ) the story of portuguese begin with the Kingdom of galicia , in the middle age , where the language be see as a expression of art . the way it be write and speak be roote in aesthetics . one grad Student 's phone chime with a alert . Louise pause , think what the other student be think -- louise ( cont 'd ) any news you want to share ? the Student read he phone frown , suddenly nervous . grad student with smartphone uhh , Doctor bank ? can you turn on the tv to a news channel ? Louise grab she tv remote and turn the set to CNN , to reveal aerial footage from a helicopter , also live , as a reporter narrate in a near panic : reporter in heli ( v.o. ) be you see this !? oh dear god what be that noise -- what be it -- should we be this close to it ?! footage show wilderness , where a strange , oblong object hover over the tree line . it absorb sunlight and its dimension be difficult to grasp -- at time it appear almost concave , poise as if to dig into the planet 's crust . another helicopter edge into view , and suddenly the scale of the object be clear : it 's the size of a massive skyscraper . bumper text at the bottom of the screen read : '' strange craft in montana '' pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 6 . amid the whuff of the helicopter , a reporter on location be shouting in a voice on verge of a nervous breakdown : the audio cut out and a anchorwoman take over . cut to the studio where she pull she attention to the camera : anchorwoman the object , uh , apparently touch down forty minute ago just north of I - 94 , we be , we be wait to hear if this be perhaps a experimental vessel or -- she look for help off - camera and they cut to : more footage , closer to the ground . the oblong ship be immense . and seemingly without crease or window . anchorwoman ( v.o. ) hold on , it -- I be learn that more object like this have land in as many as eight other location around the world . we be wait for confirmation -- yes ? can we --? okay -- New footage : a live feed in Japan . a identical concave ship be park above a stadium lot . anchorwoman ( v.o. ) this be from a site in hokkaido ! the grad student all stare in silent horror at the footage . one of they stand up and gather he stuff , ready to leave . but he only get as far as stand up . unsure what to do next ; where to run to . anchorman ( v.o. ) ( panicked ) this be worldwide , it be happen right now ! we do not -- do we know where they come from ? a campus siren spin up ; the kind use for tornado warning . the student now start to get they material together , to leave . Louise snap out of she shock , and with authority : louise okay , yes , let 's go . class over . 13 14 15 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 7. ext . college campus - moment later 13 Louise join a flock of people on campus hurry to the parking structure . nearly everyone keep look up from time to time . the siren be louder here . above : another pair of fighter jets fly overhead . ext . university parking structure — day 14 Louise get to she sedan , climb inside , window down . her satellite radio play as she power the car -- PRESS secretary ( v.o. ) but for now we be simply ask for cooperation while authority assess the object . until further notice , the site be a no- fly zone . from the street : sound of a car accident . it startles she . reporter ( v.o. ) so you be say it 's not ours ? do you know if it 's even from Earth ? Louise open she door and step out again , to look down at : the wreck below . the aftermath . the two driver panicked and on edge but uninjured . PRESS secretary ( v.o. ) we be still collect information , coordinate with other nation . we be not the only one with one of this in we back yard . Louise return to she car and strap herself in . reporter ( v.o . ) if this be some sort of peaceful first contact , why send twelve ? why not just one ? she back out , tire yelping at she quick getaway . ext . lake house — evening 15 her sedan pull up at the lake house from the opener . 16 7 18 Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 8. int . lake house —- front entry - evening 16 Louise enter with she cell phone to she ear , carry she valise . louise ( into phone ) I do not know , Mom , I be listen to the same news coverage . ( beat ) do not -- Mom , do not bother with that channel , how many time do I have to tell you not to pay attention to that idiot ? ( beat ) all right then . int . lake house - continuous 17 traversing a hallway to bedroom . Louise pull she shoe off by the heel , switch hand with the phone as she go . louise do I sound worried ? exactly . Louise pause at a open bedroom door halfway down the hall . louise ( cont 'd ) I ? oh , you know . the same . there 's a tiredness in she answer . like she 's be down this road with she mother before . int . spare bedroom - continuous 18 a empty room , save for a couple of stray book box and a neglect stationary bike in the corner . Louise survey the room from the door . louise I be fine , mom. ( not really ) okay , call I later . she disconnect the call and lean against the door frame . stare into the empty room with a quiet sadness . finally , have come to some decision , she push off again . 19 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 9. int . live room — later 19 Louise , alone , on the couch . half a bottle of wine leave . the place be furnish nicely , but there be telltale sign of a single occupant in a larger space . no family photo . a recliner by the couch have become a surrogate bookshelf . tv be on . more coverage of the alien landing . CNN reporter ( v.o. ) .+-- and at around eight hour after landing , there be still no sign of what might be call ' first contact . 's the object measure at least fifteen hundred foot tall -- change channel . footage change to a snowy tundra where another ufo have land and flatten a section of fence line . this be a foreign channel . Louise get international station . the anchor speak in Russian . New channel : another ship , hover over the ocean . aerial coverage : fleet from three different nation threaten each other for possession of the massive ufo . network reporter ( v.o. ) -- none of whom can claim because this ' object 's as it 's be call be actually hover over international water . one iranian cruiser have fire across the bow of the indian fleet -- Louise change the channel . find : the press room in the west wing of the White House . PRESS secretary we have to entertain the idea that , if it be a kind of vessel , it may be unmanned . regardless , we have a protocol for scenario like this -- the word '' protocol '' instantly sour Louise to the news . she mute the tv and shuffles off to she bedroom -- 20 21 22 23 24 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 10 . int . louise 's bedroom - continuous 20 -- pick up a remote off a nightstand and turn on a tv face she bed . more news , the volume low . int . louise 's bedroom —- morning 21 Louise be asleep in bed . the cover be a mess . she 's spoon extra pillow as if they be a bedfellow . Louise wake with a start , as if from a dream . ext . university campus — morning 22 Louise return to work . the campus be empty . two student hurry between building . Louise pass the student center . it 's too quiet . int . university classroom — morning 23 Louise enter she classroom . no one have show up . int . louise 's office - day 24 a cramped office with a window look out on the city . siren wail in the distance . Louise have barely decorate the place . it 's the sign of someone untether from the world . close off . she sit at she desk , grade papers . stream video news coverage play on she computer . anchorwoman ( v.o. ) forty -eight hour later , and still no further development from the site of the twelve ufo . Borders be close and flight -- colonel weber ( 0.s. ) two day and already the public expect we to know the answer . Louise turn to see the source of the voice at she office door . colonel weber ( 5as ) wear civilian clothing but he body language scream career military . calluse hand , sharp eye , rigid posture . yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 10a . he step in and reach to she computer , power off the speaker . behind he , two large men stand guard in the hall . louise who be you ? yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) il . weber have he i.d. ready ; show it to she . colonel weber I be Colonel g.t. weber . you and I never formally meet but two year ago you do some farsi translation for Army Intelligence . louise I remember . Alan boudreau hire I . colonel weber Alan work for I . you make quick work of that insurgent video . Louise cross she arm . he 's touch a nerve . louise you make quick work of that insurgent . colonel weber you have another two year on you ssbi so you still have top secret clearance . that 's why I be in you office , and not at Berkeley . louise okay ... colonel weber I need you to translate something for I . as one of the man guard the door shut it , give they total privacy , Colonel weber place a pocket -size digital recorder on Louise 's desk . he hit play . White noise , shuffle . then murmured talk , and : man 's voice ( on recorder ) why be you here ? in response : a series of sound that have no earthly comparison . a audio mixture of organic click , rush water , whisper , and low-octave moan . man 's voice ( cont ’d ) ( on recorder ) can you understand we ? 12 . almost immediately , the sound return , this time slightly different . the bass tone be lower . the whisper raspy . Louise listen , rapt . as if she 's waking up from a long sleep . she lean in . weber study she face while she listen . man 's voice ( cont ’d ) ( on recorder ) where do you come from ? before a answer be hear , weber stop playback and take back the recorder . colonel weber well ? what do you make of it ? louise be that ... colonel weber yes . the weight of he answer settles on Louise . beat . louise how many ? colonel weber how many what ? louise how many of they be speak ? weber raise a eyebrow at she but answer . colonel weber two . assume they be not speak at the same time . louise be you sure ? do they have mouth ? colonel weber keep you focus on the sound . weber replay a portion of the recording . the alien voice sound even stranger a second time . colonel weber ( cont ’d ) what would be you approach to translate this ? do any of it sound like word to you ? phrase ? pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 13 . louise I do not know . colonel weber ( say not as a question ) what can you tell I . louise I can tell you it 's impossible to translate this from a audio file . to do this right , I need to be there . interacting with they . weber bristle at this . colonel weber you do not need that for the farsi translation . louise it be burushaski , not farsi , and I do not need it because I already know the language . this -- ( point at recorder ) this be a whole new ball game . colonel weber I know what you be do . louise tell I what I be do . colonel weber I be not take you to Montana . it 's all I can do to keep it from become a tourist site for anyone with ts clearance . louise I be just tell you what it will take to do this job . colonel weber we will set up a safe room at a facility here in town where you can observe video of the conversation in real - time . i’1l put you on the line with we team at the site . louise no. Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 14. colonel weber ( beat ) what do you mean , ' no 's ? louise it will not work that way . colonel weber you 'il make it work . her patience wear thin . louise have they speak to we in English ? colonel weber no . louise have they play back any of we media , or give you any indication they understand we ? weber do not have a reply for this . his eye shift . louise ( cont ’d ) so in order for this to work , I might have to teach they English . the basic . noun , verb . I can not do that remotely . I have to be in the room with they . weber and Louise stare down . colonel weber there be one opportunity here , and that be to study they remotely . if I leave here , you chance be go . weber turn to leave . louise Colonel ... you mention Berkeley . you go to ask danver next ? weber pause at the door . colonel weber maybe , why ? louise before you commit to he , ask he the Sanskrit word for '' war '' and its translation . 25 26 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 15 . she grin at he . weber exit . after he leave , she grin fade . int . louise 's bedroom - night 25 Louise be asleep in she bed . again with the formation of pillow around she . she wake to a rhythmic thumping . low ; dull . her hand go to she heart . it 's not she heart . from she bedroom window : a distant fly object vaguely like a helicopter . one thing be clear : it 's on fast approach . as it get closer , treetop bend and leave scatter . int . louise 's live room - moment later 26 dress in a bathrobe , Louise cross to the front window look out on she wide , flat front yard . spotlight shine into she house , strobe pop . we be so use to how a helicopter sound , but this be different . the engine noise , the rotor -- it 's more muscular ; threaten . the light finally dim to reveal : a sikorsky uh - 60 blackhawk have touch down on the lawn . the passenger door be open , sly back to reveal someone riding in the rear compartment . her doorbell ring . Louise answer it . weber stand at the door , now in military uniform . colonel weber good morning . louise Colonel ? colonel weber gavisti . louise that 's the word . but what do danver say it mean in Sanskrit ? colonel weber he say it mean a argument . what do it really mean ? louise '' br desire for more cow . '' 27 a27 Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 16 . colonel weber pack you bag . it hit Louise : she get the job . all right . give I twenty minute . colonel weber you have ten . Louise glare at weber for just a moment , then dash off to she bedroom . ext . lake house —- pre - dawn 27 Louise ( now dress and carry a overnight bag ) hurry for the blackhawk . the rotor blade flatten the grass on she lawn and pull at Louise 's coat . weber help Louise inside and then shut the door . the helicopter rise immediately . int . blackhawk helicopter - pre -dawn a27 Louise drop into a bench seat still hold she bag . as she buckle in : ian ( 0.s. ) Language be the foundation of civilization . across from she : ian donnelly ( late 30 ) , Oxford shirt , wild hair , fierce eye , and a smile in the corner of he mouth that make it hard to tell what he 's think . Ian hold a book . he 's read from it . louise pardon ? ian '' it be the glue that hold a people together , and it be the first weapon draw in a conflict . '' colonel weber Louise , this be Ian donnelly . neither Louise nor Ian offer to shake hand . they study one another as they talk . yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 7 . louise that 's quite a greeting . ian you write it . louise it 's the kind of thing you write as a preface . dazzle they with basic . tan it 's good . even if it 's wrong . louise wrong ? tan the cornerstone of civilization be not language . it 's science . colonel weber Ian be a theoretical physicist from Los alamos . he be the man with the question . you will be report to I but you 's 1ll be work with he when you be in the shell . louise the shell ? ian that 's what they be call the ufo . colonel weber priority one : what do they want , where be they from ? weber speak they as order . Ian think it 's a conversation . ian yes , but beyond that : how do they get here ? be they capable of faster - than -light travel ? Ian pull a moleskine notebook from he pocket , excited to share from it -- ian ( cont 'd ) I have prepare a list of question , start with some '' handshake '' binary sequence -- 28 29 30 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 18. louise how about we just talk to they first ? before we start throw math problem at they . colonel weber this be why you be both here . Ian nod as he put he notebook up , but it 's clear he 's anxious to get past the small talk and on to the big idea . ext . montana landing site - dawn 28 Wide angle on approach . a mile out . road and highway be crowded with traffic , up against military blockade . in the distance : the alien ship , in silhouette behind the rise egg - yolk sun . the ship dwarf the wilderness around it and stand out like a massive , strange edifice that would seem ancient be it not hover over the ground . at this distance , a low tone start to resonate in everyone 's sternum . the blackhawk lance over the treeline . int . blackhawk helicopter - morning 29 louise's Pov : the alien ship tower over the field . it seem impossibly balanced , as if it could tip over and crush everyone at any time . a mile away , a series of tent have be erect . up close the ship look majestic ; ominous . int . blackhawk - continuous 30 Louise and Ian stare out the side window at the ship . colonel weber every thirteen hour a sort of door open up , at the base . that 's where we go in . louise how many of we be here ? colonel weber you be the only scientist go in . but you both have a team here -- 31 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 19 . louise a team ? what kind of team ? colonel weber mostly NSA . cryptanalyst , a couple of signal processing expert ... a phone handset 's cradle light up by weber . he answer it . louise ( sotto , to Tan ) when 's the next meeting ? Ian shrug -- he just get here . he 's busy make a sketch of the ship in he notebook . his notebook be a tiny library of all he thought and idea . weber hang up . colonel weber we will need to hurry you through . ext . helipad - moment later 31 Colonel weber , Ian , and Louise be escort out of the helicopter and into base camp . the camp be divide into two cluster of tent / building : operation and science . captain mark ( barely 30 , discipline ; a man of rule ) meet weber and update he as they walk : captain mark material team call in with some early analysis . colonel weber tell I . captain mark normally you find three or four element in base material . human have eleven . that thing be make of every single element know to we plus a dozen we have never see . weber frown , worried . but Ian have the opposite reaction : his face light up in wonderment , and a hundred question pile up in he mind but then —- colonel weber all right . take this two to kettler . 32 33 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 20 . captain mark yessir . colonel weber ( to Ian and Louise ) you will follow this man to medical . the procedure should take just a few minute . Louise and Ian keep up with the Captain 's brisk march . a medevac helicopter power up on a pad nearby . someone be strapped to a gurney inside , flanke by two paramedics . Ian notice . so do Louise . they exchange look . ext . tent complex - moment later 32 Captain Marks lead they to a large tent . Louise look back at the ship for a moment . nervous . behind she , Ian look back at it too . curious . int . medical tent - moment later 33 a staff of military medical personnel be busy testing new diagnostic equipment . Captain Marks open a flap into a room where we find a man in scrub with a tray of hypodermics . this be dr . kettler ; professorial , even-tone voice , but a predator 's eye . dr . kettler Louise bank and Ian donnelly ? Louise nod . kettler gesture to two plastic chair . they sit , while he prepare a syringe with a vial attach . dr . kettler ( cont ’d ) when be the last time either of you have eat ? louise last night . ian same . 34 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 21 . dr . kettler when be the last time you do something stressful ? ian do right now count ? louise who be be carte off on the medevac ? dr . kettler not everyone be wire for what you be about to do . we brain be not always able to process experience like this . ( then ) I be go to get some blood from you , and give you a immunization dose that cover a battery of bacterial threat . Roll up you sleeve , please . Ian begin roll up he Oxford shirt sleeve . Louise notice Ian be comply , then follow suit . kettler move he tray over and wrap a band around Louise 's arm , just above she elbow . as he draw blood : dr . kettler ( cont ’d ) the booster be a kick to you system , so you might feel some side effect . nausea . dizziness . headaches . a ringing in you ear like you have tinnitus . Louise look over at Ian to share a look of : do you believe what kettler just say ? but Ian be stare out a window at the big ship . int . operation tent / intel room - moment later 34 Ian and Louise enter this tent that serve as the nerve center of base camp . the room be fitte with dozen of flatscreen , each one monitoring activity of a landing site in some other part of the world . australian scientist ( 0.s. ) honestly they have be mostly quiet so far . and by the time we start to make any real progress , it 's over , and we be out the door again . yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 21a , weber be wait for they , now in full uniform . behind he : a large white board . australian scientist ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) we be try to reduce we setup time , maybe limit the diagnostic gear so we can focus more on we friend across the glass . agent halpern ( 0.s. ) how long be you session ? pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 22 . on the white board : twelve column , with label of country . china / greenland / russia 1 ( siberia ) / russia 2 ( black sea ) / japan / UNITED states / sudan / venezuela / sierra leone / wale / pakistan / indian ocean . information be write under the column , and spy satellite plus location photo be pepper throughout . it show what every country be do at they separate site . stand at a monitor be a man in a suit and tie . arm cross over he chest . this be agent halpern : all business . his job be international relation . on the monitor be a australian scientist talk via vtc . australian scientist the barometer reading do not change , but like clockwork , after forty - six minute and two second the gravity slowly shift to slide we out of the room . like we be insect on a piece of paper and they be ease we out of the house . agent halpern be there a scientific explanation for it ? like , be it for they ? australian scientist we think it 's for we . the air do not seem to circulate in the chamber , so after about a hour we have run out of oxygen . agent halpern but it do not take thirteen hour to pump fresh air into that room . ian ( 0.s. ) atmosphere . agent halpern Excuse I ? ian if they atmosphere be different from Earth , it could take they hour to re-balance the oh-two content and pressure for we every time they open they door . agent halpern so , you be say they could suffocate we if they want . pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 22a , weber guide Ian away from halpern and the monitor , back toward the way out of the tent . colonel weber remember : we need answer as soon as possible . why they be here . what they want , what they will give we . this be the priority . 35 36 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 23. ian have they respond to anything ? number ? shapes ? fibonnacci ? colonel weber we can not tell what they be say when they respond to '' hello . '' so do not get ahead of yourselves . Louise frown as a new question occur to she . louise what have you figure out ? int . science tent - moment later 35 on the other side of basecamp : Communications . weber pull back the flap and Louise enter , Ian trail behind she . Inside : a dozen men and women work at computer station with large monitor and at a oversize white board . the monitor all display the same kind of data : audio recording , visually bounce and fluctuate as the alien voice speak . some of the member approach to shake Louise 's hand , and ad lib they greeting before return to analysis work . a few of they remain at they station , headphone on . colonel weber we be just get start . stepping back , Louise ask weber : louise why not send they in ? colonel weber ( beat ) honestly , they all prefer to stay out here . suddenly , a low , deep bass tone vibrate the tent . a pen fall off a desk . a tech grab he coffee mug . the tent - tie clatter against the support pole . it 's terrifying . colonel weber ( cont ’d ) that 's we ten-minute warning . int . '' clean room '' — day 36 a miniature silkwood . contain shower . dress area . a36 Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 24 . full hazmat suit hang on a wall . Captain Marks bring Ian and Louise in . they each have cotton swab tape to they elbow now . captain mark climb into this . I will help you with the helmet seal . ian what kind of radiation exposure be we walk into ? captain mark nominal . this be just for safety . louise be there physical contact with the , the -- be I the only one who have trouble say '' alien '' ? ian no . captain mark there 's a wall . like a glass wall . you can not get to they . ian what do they look like ? a flash light wink over the exit door . Captain Marks clap he hand : let 's go . on Louise , want to get off this ride , but she follow -- ext . base camp — day a36 the Shell loom in the distance , at the other end of a mile - long '' road '' form in the grass from all the back - and -forth . a dusty pickup truck wait for they , its tailgate down , a step ladder plant at its lip . a second truck be already on the road , its bed load with gear and two science tech in similar moonsuit . nearby , two drone operator launch a surveillance drine into the air , which then fly ahead of the truck , toward the shell . lead the way . 37 Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 25 . Louise and Ian be lead into they pickup truck . bench seating have be set up , but it all feel a bit cobble together . weber ( in he suit and mask ) nod at a lieutenant who lock the tailgate into place for they and slap the truck : they be good to go . the truck start for the Shell . Louise stare at it with wide eye . soon , the sun eclipse the ship and the whole truck succumb to shadow . high angle : from a perch above the Shell : the two tiny truck slow as they arrive underneath it . ext . '' the shell '' - moment later 37 the craft be even more intimidating close - up . its surface on the undercarriage portion seem to absorb light . it 's also float twenty or so foot overhead . Louise and Ian join a small contingent of military personnel also in hazmat suit , all attend crate of specialty gear . one of they gesture at : a scissor lift park directly under the Shell . nearby , a second '' backup '' scissor lift sit park . she follow weber , Marks , and two other Science tech ( a total of 6 ) . her breath be loud in she helmet . she 's shaking . they step onto the scissor lift . Captain Marks pound a button and they start to elevate . a safety chain hook to the guard rail on the lift rattle incessantly . Louise notice it . look up again . louise it 's just hover ... ian they probably travel million of light year , they could not go a extra twenty foot ? Said with a grin , but no one laugh . the lift be now so close overhead , they can reach up and touch it . the two tech do just that -- feel the surface for some purchase or change . but it 's so dark , there 's no real sense of dimension here . 38 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 26 . Ian try , too . and suddenly they be all reach , feel . ian 's glove hand curl into something . a edge . a hole that can not be see on the surface . it widen , as mark by he hand . open like a mouth to accept the lift inside . int . tunnel - continuous 38 look down from within the tunnel : flashlight clack on among the team , point up , seek a sense of destination . louise be this how it always go ? colonel weber yes. ( beat ) this be the easy part . we job be recon . now it 's you job . this do nothing to comfort Louise . above : a distant , indiscernible light . Ian study the surface of the tunnel as they ascend , move he flashlight beam over it . in the light 's edge , it seem perfectly smooth , but in the full beam there 's a texture . the lift stop . one of the tech crack a glowstick and throw it straight up . Louise watch it arc up ... then veer to one wall , bounce ... and then it settles against the wall . without fall . captain mark here 's where it start to get strange . ian '' start ? '' everyone in the lift rise maybe a inch , like balloon . several of they immediately grab hold of the railing . Louise look down at she haz - mat boot . notice the lower gravity here . how easy it would be to float away . that 's just what tech 1 and tech 2 do -- they grab they gear , bend at the knee , and then launch upward in a floaty , slow-motion leap ... yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 26a. Ian let out a spontaneous little laugh as he see they go , slowly righting themselves to the shift in gravity until they be both stand next to the glowstick . Captain Marks follow , like it 's nothing ; like it 's a commute to a job . Ian look to Louise , as if they be both at the top of a ride in a theme park and he 's look to see if she go first . she 's terrify . so he jump . 39 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 27 . Ian land gently , maybe twenty foot up . he look down at they , open he mouth to say something , can not figure out a answer , so instead he turn to face the '' top '' of the tunnel . and he slowly walk after the tech . the light - and -dark in the tunnel cast eerie reflection on he mask . all that 's leave be Louise and weber . he can hear she breathe shallow inside she suit . louise this . I do not . I do not know if . colonel weber all right . it 's okay . he hold onto she . firm. calm . Wise . and then he launch they both . Louise look up , wide - eye , fearful she 's break the law of physics , but tuck in next to weber ... they '' swim '' toward the other , leave the lift behind ... and then they come to rest on the wall / floor of the tunnel . Louise find she foot . and she breath . and they walk . int . interview chamber - continuous 39 the chamber have no hard corner or edge . vaguely rectangular . the room be bisect by a semi-transparent wall . the wall can be see through , but it render the other side milky and foggy -- it 's uncertain if the atmosphere on that side be some sort of gas , or if the barrier just make it seem so . the tech with weber and Marks quickly set up a arsenal of video , audio , and other recording equipment to face this glass - like partition . Chemical sniffer . ir and UV camera . barometer . and most disturbingly , a old - tech detection tool among the high - tech : a canary in a cage . on the other side , the room seem empty . Louise and Ian be speechless . they breathe be loud in they ear . Colonel weber step up to they . louise what happen now ? yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 28 . colonel weber they arrive . louise and you have always wear this gear ? colonel weber the suit ? yes . louise so they have not really see what we look like . colonel weber what be you get at ? louise context . comparative data stream on the tech 's small monitor . they speak quietly into they headset micu behind the group : environmental tech 1 barometric down two point one . environmental tech 2 no change in temperature . a sound from the other end of the room quiet everyone . they look to the wall , squinting into the haze ... two alten figure enter the room , and cause a breathtaking silence . they move in a foggy silhouette , make it impossible to see much detail . they appear quadropedal with several appendage along the torso that serve as arm . the arm be spread equally around they body like spoke of a wheel . one seem a bit short and stout than the other . otherwise , they form in the blurry mist be the same . as they approach they podium , the form undulate in way that make they seem like deep - water fish . there be no hint of cavitation around they , yet the alien move in a way best describe as '' swim . '' the silhouettes settle behind the raise podium . Louise and Ian stare in awe of the creature . Louise tense , realize she 's lead the session . Ian be the only one in the group smile and nodd to himself , coolly confident . this be right where he 's suppose to be . yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 29 , colonel weber you be up , Doctor bank . Louise try to control she breathe . shroud in the mist beyond the glass , the alien stare back . environmental tech 1 ( quietly ) oxygen level dip , point three . environmental tech 2 ( quietly ) gravity stable inside the chamber . Ian squint he eye and lean in . tan Seven ? Seven arm ? ( to Louise ) be that arm ? Louise step forward . hesitant . Close to the boundary . louise hello . beat . no reaction . the vague alien form stand and wait . they be a good head taller than Louise . she clear she throat . still on the verge of a overload of shock and stress . louise ( cont ’d ) hello . the blurry shape seem to undulate , but it 's unclear if they be move or if there be some distortion in the partition between they space and Louise 's . Louise gesture at they , look for some possible gesture in response : louise ( cont ’d ) hello . can you hear I ? ( then ) can you hear - — she 's interrupt by a sudden low noise from the other side . follow by a strange endcap : flutter-tone . Tan and Louise both jump at the sound , startle . yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 30 . louise ( cont ’d ) ( to weber ) be this what they do ? colonel weber sometimes . ( beat ) what do it mean ? Louise look to Ian , terrify at she own answer : louise I do not know . the alien form wait . two '' arm '' on one of they flex and relax again , seemingly random . louise ( cont 'd ) if we can just ... establish a common form of communication , maybe speech be not the -- she gesture at they again . no reaction . environmental tech 1 ( sotto ) thirty - two minute remain . tight on Louise , try to figure she next move , with everyone wait on she ... panic rise ... colonel weber ( o.s. ) Doctor bank ... 40 int . '' clean room '' — day 40 Louise take off she suit 's mask and gulp in air . her eye be red from nervous tear . she look physically drain . she pull off a glove and notice tremor in she hand . Ian stride in and begin shed he suit . she watch he . hear he softly laugh to himself . louise Tan ... Ian face she , he hair wild and he eye wilder . tan can you believe it ? it 's just ... 4l 42 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 31 . he shake he head and laugh again , but Louise detect manic in he voice now . Ian move suddenly for the bathroom stall behind a divider . Louise hear he vomit into the toilet . Colonel weber step in , pull off he helmet . oxygen escape with a soft hiss . he and Louise make eye contact . louise so . be I fire ? weber sit down opposite Louise . colonel weber you do better than the last guy . louise that do not make I feel better . colonel weber well , you get until 1900 hour to figure something out . louise what happen then ? colonel weber you go back in . weber stand up to peel out of he suit . staying on Louise , look like she just escape a fire and be tell to run back into it ... ext . montana landing site - evening 4l the sun sink behind the sphere , casting long shadow over the encampment . int . operation tent / intel room ~ evening 42 agent halpern stand at the communication array , talk to the Australian scientist on the monitor , at the NZ site : agent halpern we be up in fifteen . get any new intel ? anything work ? australian scientist we have be play back some of they sound . pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 32. agent halpern where do that get you ? australian scientist they play back audio at we , from some unseen source . agent halpern audio of what ? australian scientist just bit of we talk in the room . random clip of dialog . ( beat ) so , really , we have get nothing . 43 ext . '' clean room " / yellow tunnel - evening 43 Colonel weber stand with Ian by the door . both man be back in the full haz - mat suit . wait . colonel weber how long have she be in there . ian ( call through door ) Doctor bank ? ... Louise ? 44 int . '' clean room '' 44 Louise sit on the bench , still in she clothes . the haz - mat suit hang across from she . her leg bounce nervously . she 's not ready to go back in . she can hear weber outside : colonel weber ( 0.s. ) do you two get any bright idea on how to talk to they this time ? ian ( 0.s. ) I be really not that good at talk to other human . it 's all on Louise . she sit up and look away from the door , afraid to step out ... and she attention land on something . on the wall . a SMALL whiteboard . use for recording the haz - mat suit clean schedule . name and shift in dry-erase marker . 45 46 Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 33 . Louise see it and be seize by a idea . ext . base camp / yellow tunnel - moment later 45 Louise emerge in she haz - mat suit , cradling the whiteboard and a dry-erase marker . colonel weber what 's that for ? louise a visual aid . colonel weber for what ? louise I be never go to be able to speak they word , if they be talk , but they might have some form of write language . or a basis for visual communication . colonel weber okay . ( then ) where do you start ? int . interview chamber — evening 46 close on the whiteboard . Louise have write the word '' human '' in large block letter . she stand by the whiteboard , marker in she tremble hand . Ian be with she , along with the team of tech behind they . the vague alien figure be back , on the other side . quiet . Louise speak , and point to the word as she do : louise human . she point to herself . then to other on she side of the room , include weber . louise ( cont ’d ) human . she point at one of the alien . yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 34 . louise ( cont 'd ) what be you ? beat . the alien seem unresponsive , until ... they both retreat from the screen , deeper into the mist on they side of the room . for a moment , all be quiet . Louise look to Ian , Ian look to the Colonel . close on a needle - gauge : Dead , register no frequency . and then it spike to the other side -- before anyone can speak , the canary squawks in its cage . its wing flutter frantically . ink globule float from the mist . like oil in glycerine . thousands of drop ; horizontal black rain , but intelligent ... they all start to form something against the partition : a brilliant logogram . a inkblot coffee - cup stain with mesmerize fractal embellishment . the taller , slimmer alien step forward and say something : click-flutter-tone . Louise smile . nearly laugh . want to cry . she just have she first real exchange with a alien . louise ( cont ’d ) ( sotto ) be you get this ? Ian have take control of a static video camera and hold it at a angle that better capture the detail on the barrier . ian absolutely . it 's all downloading back at basecamp . one of the alien '' speak '' again . flutter -tone , flutter -tone . the logogram morph into another form , replace the previous one . this one more intricate . louise whoa whoa , too fast , fella . she lift she marker to make a note . for the first time , she hand be not tremble . 47 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 35 . int . '' clean room '' - night 47 Louise drop the whiteboard by the door . she do not get more than she helmet / mask off before Colonel weber step in and confront she . colonel weber I say talk to they , not teach they how to read . do you understand what this could mean ? louise it mean if I play my card right , they will take some Shakespeare home with they . colonel weber only now you have make it twice as hard , try to learn how to speak and read . that take longer . louise wrong . it 's faster . Louise start march past he . weber keep up with she . colonel weber I be not say no , I be ask why . louise it 's the only way this will work . colonel weber hey . everything you do in there I have to explain to a room full of man whose first and last question be , ' how can this be use against we ? 's so give I something . Louise gesture at the whiteboard . louise kangaroo . colonel weber what ? louise in 1770 , Captain James cook 's ship run aground on the coast of Australia . he lead a party into the country and meet the aboriginal people . ( more ) 48 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 36 . louise ( cont 'd ) one of he sailor point to the animal that hop around with they young in pouch , and ask what they be call . the aborigine reply '' kanguru . '' colonel weber what 's you point ? louise it be not until later that they learn '' kanguru '' mean '' I do not understand . '' ( be : whiteboard ) I need this to make sure we do not misinterpret in there . otherwise this will take ten time as long . time waste be the key phrase to convince weber . colonel weber all right . I can sell that for now . but submit you vocabulary before the next session . ( beat ) and remember what happen to the aborigine . a more advanced race nearly wipe they out . weber walk off with Captain Marks . Ian step up , watch they go . grinning at Louise : ian be that true ? the kangaroo story ? louise no . but it make my point . Louise start walk out the clean room , leave Ian to shake he head in admiration . int . science tent - crypto room - night 48 the team of NSA cryptographer work diligently on one thing : that alien logogram . as if it be the code from a enigma machine and the key to win a war . Louise step in , see the frenetic action , and back out . 4 g pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 36a . int . operation tent / skype room - night 49 through the busy activity at the various flatscreen monitor station , halpern stand at one monitor , talk to a man from the Wale Science team at they landing site . british scientist spend most of the time just try to establish a proper greeting . we be analyze the playback now , to see if there be a pattern . I be do a Zipf law analysis . but I be worried they be not really talk , it 's just how they breathe . 50 51 52 53 54 goldenrod ( 08/03/2015 ) 37 . agent halpern like the time I get bronchitis . ok , let I know if you figure that out . int . science tent - louise 's desk - later 50 Louise study at she desk . cello music distract Louise , and she look up . on a screen , the japanese site be perform ' Canon in d' with a cellist in they interview chamber . Louise review the logogram from the session print on large photo paper . the one on top be label '' earth . '' she 's circle piece of the logogram in red pen , make note like '' curling ascender = proper noun ? '' with a straight edge , Louise divide the circular logogram into twelve slice , isolate the different graphical element in the alien symbol . she label they 1 to 12 . Louise blink and take a breath . rub the bridge of she nose and work a kink in she neck . then lean back in , momentarily renew with focus . a high -pitch ringing creep into she ear . she wince -- ext . lake house - day ( flashback ) 51 four-year - old hannah giggle as she run from we -- int . science tent - louise 's desk - back to scene 52 Louise sit up at she desk as if yank from the memory . she take a breath , rub she forehead , confuse by that little moment . she stare at the logogram on she desk . omitted 53 omitted 54 55 goldenrod ( 08/03/2015 ) int . barracks - morning on a laptop screen : aerial footage of the Shell appear . back from a safe distance . the Shell look , as always , intimidating . 38 . 55 56 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 39 . but now with the footage be a sinister score add by shock - jock radio host richard riley , who emphasize word -- richard riley this be alien we be talk about . the most important time in we history as a people be right now , first contact with whoever be inside this thing , and who do we have run the show ? the government . the same government that ruin we health care and bankrupt we military . a image of the cluster of tent around the Montana site appear , obviously shot with a long zoom lens . richard riley ( cont ’d ) look at this people ! most of they do not even have gun . we could be face a full - scale invasion and we president be ready to roll over and let they take we country -- reveal the laptop be in : the military barrack . and private lasky listen intently to it . nodding . glancing out the open flap of the barrack tent toward the giant Shell in the distance . Three bunk over , a group of scientist watch a news program on a separate tv , follow riot somewhere . could be Prague , could be Detroit . one scientist shake he head in disgust . outside , Louise walk past the barrack , on she way to -- int . operation tent / skype room - moment later 56 Louise enter the tent to find Ian and weber already here , with other team member . Tan have a sketchbook , he 's busy with a art pencil , listen and nodd to the british scientist on he monitor . british scientist we think we be able to reproduce some prime - number sequence back at they , so that 's something . ian congrat . you be a parrot . yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 40 . british scientist it 's more than that , you cheeky bastard . do not you see ? they can not seem to follow we algebra system , but complex behavior ? that click . Beyond Ian : weber stand with halpern , watch middic Eastern news coverage of a armored division mobilize . agent halpern Problem be , that shell drop at the border , so when Pakistan roll out they army to secure the site from local , India get all fussy , amass two armored division at the border . louise we can not get they to stand down ? agent halpern and tell they what exactly ? colonel weber Louise , Ian , this be agent David halpern with the CIA . weber guide Louise and Tan away from the bank of monitor . it 's clear he do not like deal with halpern . colonel weber ( cont 'd ) we need to gain ground today . you have you vocabulary list for I ? louise I do . colonel weber ( examine she list ) you be go to teach they you name ? and ia nas ? louise it 's so I can learn they name . if they have name . and so I can introduce pronoun later . colonel weber this be all grade - school word . eat. walk . tool . we need to get more specific . louise do you know what a pulaski be ? yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 41 . colonel weber ( beat ) no . louise it 's a tool . use by firefighter . we can not start specific . weber make a noncommittal noise and review the word . Ian reveal to Louise he sketch of a alien . tan heptapod . Seven limb . ( gesture at Louise ) she 's right -- it 's useless until we can demonstrate some basic first . colonel weber we have one question : what be they purpose here on Earth ? it be not complicated . ( soften ) help I understand . Louise go to a larger whiteboard station nearby and write the question '' what be you purpose on Earth ? '' louise okay , so this be where we want to get . right ? this question . ( off weber 's nod ) to get there , we have to make sure they understand what a question be , and the nature of a request for information along with the response . then there be clarify the difference between a specific '' you '' from a collective '' you . '' we do not want to know why Joe alien be here , we want to know why all of they land . 57 58 Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 42. she write frantically over the word in column , mark relation with arrow . as she speak , she voice get louder and more confident . this be she area of expertise . louise ( cont ’d ) purpose require a understanding of intent . which mean we have to find out if they make conscious choice or if they motivation be so instinctive they do not understand a '' why '' question , and biggest of all , we need to have enough of a vocabulary with they so we understand they answer . Colonel weber nod and surrender to she . behind weber , Ian grin devilishly at Louise , even wink at she . colonel weber all right , all right , I get it . stick to you list . just -- then : that low , bone -tremble bass tone echoing out from the Shell , rattling the equipment . weber scrap what he be go to say , opting instead for : colonel weber ( cont ’d ) good luck . int . '' clean room '' — morning 57 Louise and Ian suit up again . Louise notice the tremor in she hand have return . int . interview chamber — morning 58 Louise face the semi-transparent wall , hold a dry-erase marker in one hand . Ian stand near the whiteboard . everyone be in full hazmat suit again . weber be not here this time . the heptapod watch Louise with a strange curiosity . Louise point at herself . louise Louise . the whiteboard display she name in large letter . beat . one heptapod speak . whisper - — flutter-click . Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 43. inky drop float to the glass and a beautiful logogram form . ian well , that 's progress . louise no . that 's the symbol for '' human '' again . but with a little curl at the end of that leg . probably to indicate a question . tan they be get confuse . louise you know what -- I can not do it like this . I just -- Louise look over at something behind the Environmental tech : the canary . the little bird flap its wing and crook its head at she . it 's alive and well . Louise make a decision . she take she hazmat mask off . ian whoa whoa hey -- weber 's voice pipe in via intercom , from the op tent : colonel weber ( v.o. ) you be risk contamination . louise they need to see I . Louise shirk out of the rest of she suit . she 's wear she civilian clothes underneath . she take a breath . it do not kill she . Louise move a step toward the glass barrier ... the heptapod advance closer to the barrier . curious . for the first time , we can see a bit more detail ; more focus . they skin be more mottle than a uniform color . they torso move slightly , not from breath but as a jellyfish . and the tip of one heptapod 's '' foot '' be dark with ink . everyone hold they breath a beat . slowly , Louise put a hand on she heart and repeat : Green ( 07/09/2015 ) 44 . louise ( cont ’d ) my name be Louise . she take the whiteboard and write furiously . flip it around and show : she 's draw they symbol for '' human '' next to the English word '' human '' and then a great - — than symbol lead to she name . the two heptapod be unresponsive . louise ( cont 'd ) Ian , introduce yourself . Ian noisily shirk off he hazmat suit . Louise look on . weber get more uneasy by the minute . ian make I look like a beekeeper . Ian erase Louise 's name on the board and write he . tan ( cont 'd ) my name be Tan . a magical thing happen next : the short , rounder heptapod step forward . click -tone . a small logogram appear on the boundary in front of he . then the taller one amble close . flutter -swallow . a different symbol appear in front of he . louise they have name . tan yeah ... so what do we call they ? because if I try to make sound like they , I will end up insulting they mother . louise slim and Stout ? ian I be think abbott and costello . louise ( grin ) I like it . cautious , yet mystify , Louise take another bold action : she step for the boundary . the light from that mist on the other side of the glass illuminate she face , show she wonderment . Green ( 07/09/2015 ) 45 . louise ( cont ’d ) ( quieter ) you have name ... you be individual . be not you . Tan and Captain Marks watch . Marks do not like it . captain mark Doctor bank ... Louise then put she hand on the barrier . leave it there . the short one ( abbott ) , drift close , too . and through the vague cloud , something specific : it raise a limb and put a seven - fingered ' hand 's on its side . near Louise 's hand . she smile , still partly terrify but also reassure . louise now that 's a proper introduction . int . infirmary - day aas8 Colonel weber , agent halpern , and Doctor kettler step to one of kettler 's work table in a private conference , as if they just arrive in a hurry . colonel weber tell I . be they a contamination risk without the suit ? dr . kettler no radiation . nothing else we can detect , either . but I have give they a strong cocktail , regardless . colonel weber any other site work like this ? agent halpern no . but no one else have make this kind of progress . you see it . weber do not like this decision , but he concede : colonel weber all right , no suit for that two . but watch they closely for any sign . a58 b58 c58 Green ( 07/09/2015 ) dr . kettler ( as they leave ) Signs of what ? series of shot : int . interview chamber ~— day Louise show the word '' walk '' and Ian demonstrate . they wear they hazmat suit now . louise ( v.o . ) session three . we be into verb . slow and steady win this race . int . interview chamber - moment later a58 neither of bs8 costello saunter along he side of the wall and a heptapod logogram appear . it 's simple yet complex , like a fractal in line art . int . interview chamber — night c58 Ian draw a feynman diagram , next to a set of science card . ian ( v.0 . ) session six . have some trouble with basic , but they understand complex interaction right away . not that it 's a race , but I be totally ahead now . d58 e58 f58 g58 j58 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 46 . int . science tent -~ crypto room - day d58 Louise debate some element of a logogram with member of she cryptography team in they tent , point at a magnify piece of one circular symbol . louise ( v.0o . ) session eight be a failure . but it 's clear they logogram be make of twelve compartment . int . interview chamber — day e58 Louise work with a spectrograph as Ian chart a basic geometric curve . the heptapod be unresponsive in they misty chamber . ian ( v.0 . ) session eleven . how can they stare at I when I use simple math ? int . interview chamber ~—- moment later f58 a graphic on the glass animate , show we solar system , highlight '' earth . '' int . louise's office tent — night g58 Louise practice draw she own logogram , try to mimic the inkblot style . nearby , the whiteboard with the goal : '' what be you purpose on earth ? '' several word lead to the question have be mark -- she 's teach they that . louise ( v.o. ) session fifteen . back on track . she smirk at a frustrated Ian . they attention be draw to : the bank of monitor footage on screen of anxious crowd mass around other site . protester , fanatics , the hopeful and the hopeless . Ian and Louise watch the footage , disturb by the effect on the public of the ship 's mere presence . ext . base camp — morning j58 High angle above the camp at sunrise . Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 47 . 59 int . '' clean room '' 't yellow tunnel - morning 59 weber give Louise a notecard before they step out . colonel weber when Ian be do with he math portion , include this word on today 's vocabulary . Louise frown and hand it back . louise no way . Ian lean over , take the card and nod at weber -- ian yeah , we can manage that . Louise , now unsure whom she need to convince first -- louise it 's dangerous . we could come across as hostile . colonel weber yes . but I trust you to choose you demonstration carefully . 60 ext . '' clean room '' / yellow tunnel ~ day 60 Ian and Louise approach the pickup truck . Louise take this moment to speak quietly at Ian , through she tooth : louise what the hell be that ? ian I know you be the language expert , but I know how to talk to this guy . you do not say ' no’ to they . you say ' yes 's and then find a way to control the situation . louise so you have they all figure out ? Ian smile sweetly at she . he 's not fight with she . ian it be not that hard . 61 Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 48. int . interview chamber -— day 61 Captain Marks remain in the room in full hazmat suit , monitoring the equipment with another tech . Ian look on at Louise , worried . Louise hold a hunting knife in she hand , the notecard tuck in one palm . on the semi-transparent wall face she , the heptapod have write a terse , angular symbol next to the word Louise have write : '' weapon . '' louise there 's you word , Colonel . colonel weber ( v.o. ) ( through speaker ) let 's ask the big question now . louise hold on . we need to distinguish a weapon from other device or else they 'il think everything be a weapon . costello whisper -click at abbott , then turn to leave . a doorway irise open on the far wall . abbott wipe the podium and the logogram vanish . the two alien begin to glide away from they station -- Louise realize they be leave and call out -- louise ( cont 'd ) wait . wait ! she step to the boundary and put she hand on it . louise ( cont 'd ) why be you here ? abbott crook he head . Louise , desperate , look back at the printer attach to the still camera capture everything write by the heptapod . she riffle through the page , look for the word . ian what can I do ? Louise give he two print-out . louise hold this up . 62 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 49 . abbott look back at the door where costello leave . then at Louise and Ian . Louise finish draw . show the board to abbott . put it against the boundary . she 's attempt freehand draw they gorgeous logogram , and she 's actually do a great job . it 's not quite the phrasing ; she have not teach they '' why '' but instead use '' heptapod purpose Earth '' with a curl on the logogram for Earth . abbott stare a beat . and write on the podium . as the logogram glow on the divider , Louise step back in shock . she 's translate it already . ian what do it say ? louise '' offer weapon . '' the phrase send a tense hush through the team . the unidentifiable light source in the interview chamber dim and the transparent wall cloud until it 's fully opaque . Louise , Ian , Captain Marks , and the other in - room tech face each other as if they have just learn a terrible secret . int . operation tent / war room - day 62 a eruption of sound and chaos , join in mid-debate with several people talk at once . halpern be among they . captain mark louise but you see what they write -- n-using a word they do not fully understand ! ian agent halpern it could just be a request -- -- or a warning -- over the din of everyone talk and no one truly listen come the booming voice of weber in he best stern father : colonel weber enough . ( as room quiet down ) I can not agree with any of you when you be all talk at once . now : I want to hear theory . Louise ? pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 50 . louise we do not know if they understand the difference between a weapon and a tool . we language , like we culture , be messy . in many case one thing can be both . ian in addition , it 's possible they be want we to offer they something , not the other way around . like the first part of a trade . colonel weber how do we clarify they intention beyond that two word ? louise I go back in there . in thirteen hour , we go in and clear this up . agent halpern it 's more complicated than that . louise how be that complicated ? agent halpern set aside we own reaction to the message , we have to consider the other nation and how they will interpret this . ( point at monitor ) like China . have you meet General shang ? how about a little round of '' meet the scary - powerful man . '' halpern point at a profile photo of a distinguished chinese man in dress uniform : general shang . agent halpern ( cont ’d ) the call - sign for he be Big domino . because he 's a tastemaker . whatever shang do , at least four other nation will follow . louise we be on good term with shang . agent halpern but we can not say the same for other nation where this ship have land . and Russia have control of two site . twice the data . yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 51 . louise how be that relevant to this ? a lieutenant enter to address weber : lieutenant Colonel , the Secretary of Defense be on the line for you . weber reluctantly step out . halpern take over : agent halpern we need to sit on this information until we know what it mean . so we be not share with we enemy . we have to consider the idea that we ' visitor 's be prodding we to fight among ourselves until only one faction prevail . louise there 's no evidence of that . agent halpern sure there be . just grab a history book . the british with India . the Germans with rwanda . they even get a name for it in hungary . halpern 's cell phone ring , and before he take the call -- agent halpern ( cont ’d ) we be a world with no single leader . it 's impossible to deal with just one of we . and with the word '' weapon '' now ... Louise pale . feeling like she just break something . she look for someone to talk to and find Ian deep in think , keep he eye on the twelve monitor . louise that be my do . I teach they that . so , if we just go back in tonight , go in and , and -- frenzied activity at the monitoring station draw they attention in time to see : a explosion at one landing site , the plume of the firecloud lighting up the urban-locate Shell -~- pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 52 . Communications team member stand up now , talk into they headsets in four different language - — - on the chinese video stream , a scientist be forcibly pull away by a chinese Intelligence Officer who yank at a cable and then the video feed black out . a moment later , a panicked Russian Officer do the same to they feed . two more black screen . siberia and Black Sea . weber get off the phone , focus on the feed . colonel weber what 's go on ? what be that explosion at Site four ? halpern keep he ear to he phone , but answer : agent halpern China and Russia be off the grid . they be not speak to anyone . whatever they learn in they last session have they spook -- ( into phone ) yes sir . ( to weber ) we have order to do the same . louise agent halpern ( cont 'd ) what ? this people be we until we figure out what the ally ! Ian , tell he . message mean -- ian that be a bad idea . it send a clear signal of hostility . if we start this — ~ a fourth monitor go dark : indian Ocean . colonel weber it 's already start . halpern lean in at one station and order a team member : agent halpern put we on radio silence . on one screen : it 's they own tent , the camera point at Louise and Ian . Louise rush to the mic -- louise listen , we get a message from the heptapod , '' offer weapon - - '' 63 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 53 . but as she say '' offer '' the U.S. screen black out , leave the other country hang . australian scientist what be happen ? U.S. team , please respond . Louise whirl on halpern -- louise dammit , halpern ! we should be talk to each other . agent halpern you want to talk to they , find out what this mean . please . I will sleep better if you do . he hold up the printout with the word '' offer weapon . '' Louise grab the page from he and storm off to she desk . Ian ( quietly boil ) pass by halpern and hiss : ian by then it will be too late . on the monitor : four of the twelve now black out , with the rest talk over each other , panicked ... and then a fifth monitor go dark . int . science tent - louise 's desk -— night 63 Louise wear a set of noise - cancelling headphone at she desk , listen to the speak heptapod language and try to shut out the world beyond . she stare at one of the logogram as she listen to the audio . it 's a circular piece full of whorl and curl . write note to herself as she do : '' they have land ? Earth ? Planet ? '' Louise underline that last word , she hear a new voice : hannah ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) what 's this word ? Louise hear Hannah 's voice and close she eye - — yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 54 . 64 ext . lake house - day ( flashback ) 64 Louise and Hannah ( age 8 ) sit on the picnic blanket , under the shade of a stately oak tree . they share a story book . Hannah point at a page . louise '' Planet . '' like Earth be a planet . hannah mmmm - - what 's that word ? louise how many word be you try to learn today ? hannah all of they . Louise smile and kiss Hannah on the forehead . hannah ( cont ’d ) want to see my project for Mrs. garriott 's class ? louise all right little - nose , whatcha get ? Hannah dig into she backpack and pull out a sketch . hannah suppose to draw what my Saturday morning cartoon would look like if I have one . louise what be this place ? the drawing depict a man and woman ( stick -figure ) hold up a really fat bird - like shape . hannah that 's suppose to be a book . louise who be this two people ? hannah you and daddy . the show be call '' mommy and daddy save the World . '' Louise 's smile sink . she look pain . Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 55 . louise well . that sound lovely . ( beat ) you know , it 's okay to be upset that you daddy and I ... Little Hannah breathes through she nose . hannah I know . I be not . Louise brushes Hannah 's hair out of she eye . louise we both love you , very much . hannah I know . ( then ) it 's just a cartoon . it 's not real . that same high - pitch whine escalate and -- 65 int . science tent - louise 's desk - back to scene 65 Louise fling off she headphone and try to get up , but she 's dizzy . Ian get up from he station to help she -- ian Louise ? you okay ? Louise recover from a sudden vertigo . she focus on Ian . louise I ... yeah , fine . she bend over and take a moment to refocus . when she stand upright she face a suspicious weber , who 's come over . colonel weber when be you last check - up with kettler ? Louise let out a breath and pass he by , for the exit . Ian consider go with she . weber gesture : stay back . colonel weber ( cont ’d ) how about you ? ian me? I be fine . Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 56 . weber bring Ian close to Louise 's desk and survey the heptapod write scattered over it . he take a moment and choose he word carefully . colonel weber a lot of work for one person . ian she 's not alone . we be make good progress . we be teach each other physics and language . colonel weber good . learn as much as you can . in case we need to bench Doctor bank . ian no -- you can not do that . ( recover ) I be say , it will not come to that . colonel weber but if it do ... weber leave Ian to consider this scenario . dr . kettler ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) how do you feel ? 66 int . medical tent - dr . kettler 's office - moment later 66 a pen light shine in Louise 's leave eye . louise overworked . kettler try to be casual but come off awkward : dr . kettler that make two of we . I hear you collapse in the op tent . louise probably just lack of sleep . kettler ready a syringe . dr . kettler well , you be not get radiation poisoning . ( more ) 67 68 goldenrod ( 08/03/2015 ) 57 . dr . kettler ( cont 'd ) we will see how you blood test look , but for now I be go to give you another boost . try and sleep this one off , okay ? he sink the needle into she arm . Louise try not to flinch . series of shot - [ omitted ] ext . base camp overlook - evening 67 armed soldier be station at regular interval around a tight perimeter . disturb , as the base camp previously do not seem military - lead . they presence be slowly increase . private lasky stand guard , and look back at the mammoth Shell above he . he 's join by private comb , who give the ship a similar look of aggression . they notice each other glaring at the ship , and share a wordless nod of solidarity . two soldier who both spot the enemy . ext . hillside near base camp — dusk 68 Ian sit atop a sleep bag , stare out at the massive ship with a look just the opposite of lasky 's glare . he have a sketchbook open , fill with mechanical drawing , advanced equation , and note to himself . Louise ascend the hill toward he . louise weber be look for you . Ian smile at she . ian why do you think I be hide out here ? come , join I . she consider it a moment , then sit down next to he as he make room for she on he sleep bag . ag8 b68 goldenrod ( 08/03/2015 ) 58. Louise look down at the camp , she concern all wrap up in the military population , while Ian keep stare out at the massive shell a quarter - mile away . ian ( cont ’d ) how be you so good at talk to something so unlike we ? Louise notice the focus of he gaze and shrug . louise there 's precedent . ext . ranch - day ( flashback ) b68 Louise with Hannah at a ranch with a horse . the horse 's nostril flaring , stand eighteen hand tall , a gigantic creature to the scared little 8 - year - old Hannah . but Louise put she hand on the horse . speak to it . louise ( 0.s. ) shh , shh . it 's okay -- the horse 's ear spin like radar dish -- ext . hillside near base camp — back to scene b68 back with Ian and Louise on the hill . goldenrod ( 08/03/2015 ) 59 . ian you know , you approach language like a mathematician . louise I all take that as a compliment . ian you should ! you steer we around communication trap I do not know exist . which probably explain why I be single . Louise study Ian 's face to see if he 's be sarcastic . he 's not . this be honesty . louise my father work for a big energy company . they have relocate he every year to some new country , and I go with he . he use to say learn all that foreign tongue would make I the center of every party . but you know what people say when you be sixteen and fluent in seven language ? '' you be smart . '' ian oh no . '' smart '' be bad . touise people be so afraid of smart . Ian stare at the sky . tan when I be six , my parent buy I a globe . one of that big one on a iron floor stand . ( more ) goldenrod ( 08/03/2015 ) 60 . ian ( cont 'd ) this be the same year I dress up as a wilderness explorer for Halloween . my room be paper with hand - draw map of my neighborhood . ( beat ) I study every inch of that globe , and it be the saddest moment of my childhood . everything have already be explore . ( beat ) next Halloween , I be a astronaut . louise '' to boldly go ... '' ian I have spend the last thirty year stare at the sky . try to find a way out there . now it 's here , and I do not know how I feel about it . louise because you might finally get to explore the galaxy ? ian because they have already explore it . Louise shiver ; it 's get cold up here . Ian drape a blanket over she shoulder and share it with she . the two huddle close together , under the massive spherical Shell light by drift spotlight . louise I feel like everything here come down to the two of we . ian that 's a good thing . have you see the joker around we ? louise promise I . we will do this together ? Ian 's smile falter , as he recall he talk with weber . tan yeah . 69 71 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 61 . ext . base camp -— night 69 aerial view . the compound have double in size . int . '' clean room '' — night 70 Tan and Louise prep for another session . Ian vigorously apply antibacterial soap to he hand and arm , like a surgeon prepping for the o.r. Louise still refuse to don a hazmat suit , but she tie she hair back in a ponytail . Captain Marks enter , carry a pair of respirator with small oxygen tank attach . captain mark New policy . carry this on you when you be in the Shell . ian you be worried we will run out of air inside ? why ? captain mark before the blackout , the swedish site report they last session run long by about twenty minute . louise but they be fine at the end of it , be not they ? captain mark they still wear full hazmat suit , doctor . like the rest of the world . Tan and Louise trade look . Dr. kettler enter , with he medical bag . dr . kettler let 's roll up that sleeve ... omitted 71 72 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 62. int . interview chamber — night 72 Louise lead the team . on the other side of the barrier , abbott and costello be wait . costello stand at the podium . abbott be closer to the glass barrier . the glass - like surface be still milky , so no one can get a good look at they . louise ( to Ian ) they be already here . Captain Marks stand at the back . watchful . captain mark show they the question . Louise take a breath and hold up she whiteboard while the tech set up the video equipment behind she . it read , in subtitle logogram : '' offer weapon ? '' abbott and costello make little movement . no answer . ian this be not work . Louise speak directly to abbott , step a bit closer : louise be you offer we something ? she hold up the whiteboard again . another quiet conference between abbott and costello . more ink float to the barrier to form a complex logogram , follow by the translation in subtitles . '' must learn more from ian louise '' tan they do not have enough of we language to share it yet . louise let 's fix that . Captain Marks check the flatscreen monitor and tablet interface behind they -- one for Louise , one for Ian . captain mark you be good to go . on one monitor , the library of new learn logogram be currently blank . like a spreadsheet wait to be fill . int . interview chamber ~ later the sentence on Louise 's flatscreen read : '' Ian give Louise a apple because tomorrow she will be hungry . '' on the monitor behind she : the library be full of logogram . abbott reply . the write logogram be display : a gorgeous interwoven circle of loop , whorl , and splotches . ian what be that ? louise I think it 's what we write . ( point ) look . this be the word for '' apple '' but it 's conjoin with they name ... I can not tell where it start or end . ian no front or back . like they body . and the ship . Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 64 . louise how do you begin to craft a complex statement like this ? the relation each symbol have to another ... ( then ) you know what ? we have never see they write . only the result . let 's see they in the act of write . Louise return to the tablet . erase the sentence on she screen . and then , instead of prepare word and display the result , she triggers the '' live sketching '' option that show she write the letter and word in real - time . she write the sentence : '' Louise write so heptapod can see she write . '' abbott and costello crook they head . then abbott approach the transparent boundary , which become clearer than ever before . Captain Marks notice . tense . captain mark ( into mic ) one be approach the boundary with two , uh , limb raise . abbott reach the boundary , hold up two of he seven '' hand . '' he place they at two point on the transparent wall and begin to draw . ink issue from he hand as he do . abbott write a heptapod sentence in real -time . with two hand simultaneously . it be poetry in motion . a dance of ink . he begin at opposite end , and then write phrase and symbol in a perfect pair of arc so that they connect as a circle at the end . louise oh my god . nonlinear orthography . Ian catch up to what she 's say . ian they have have to actually think nonlinearly , then . Louise grab a tablet synce to the large flatscreen and draw in heptapod logogram . she do it one -hande , but she 's quite good at it . 65 . colonel weber ( v.o. ) ( via intercom ) explain . as she draw she logogram , she walk he through it : louise imagine try to write a long sentence with two hand , start at either end . to do that , you would have to know every single word you be go to write , and the space all of it occupy . Ian struggle to find reference to she logogram . tan what be -- what be you write ? she complete the ornate symbol . louise I ask about predictability . if '' before '' and '' after '' mean anything to they . or if they do not know what that mean . Ian shuffles through note on he tablet . ian when do we teach they any of this ? abbott answer in heptapod with another elegant logogram . Louise smile and nod at abbott . ian ( cont 'd ) ( astonished ) you can read that ? colonel weber ( v.o. ) ( over intercom ) get back to the weapon . Louise sigh and use she keyboard to type as she ask aloud : louise give weapon now ? abbott draw a simple logogram . the translation : '' solve '' louise ( cont ’d ) solve what ? Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 66 . the transparent boundary clear itself of all its write . abbott then draw two line that meet in the middle to form one long , contiguous line . abbott gesture at the timeline and speak : click-click . louise ( cont ’d ) that 's they speak word for time . ian how do you know ? louise I remember how it sound . then , abbott draw a logogram on the far end of the line . Louise translate : louise ( cont ’d ) humanity . that 's we . ian so I see . louise at the end of we timeline . the logogram from earlier form again : '' solve . '' ian Son of a bitch . he 's give we homework . 74 ext . base camp - night 74 Louise and Ian leave the truck for the science tent , escort by man on either side . weber walk with they . Louise look pale and slightly ill . colonel weber what be the answer ? ian I do not know yet . I have to dig into it , figure out what they be even ask . colonel weber this be you new priority . no more language lesson until you crack it . at4 b74 c74 75 76 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 67 . his voice fade as the group march on toward the tent , unaware that Louise have stop walk . she put she hand on she thigh , suddenly nauseate . nearby be a puddle of rainwater . the moon be visible in reflection , as be the silhouette of the Shell . Louise stare at the puddle as a ringing swell in she ear -- quick pop : omitted a74 int . lake house - night ( flashback ) b74 the moonlit lake on the other side of a bedroom window . int . lake house - day ( flashback ) c74 four-year - old Hannah 's foot curl , inside pajama footy . ext . base camp —- back to scene 75 Louise stand upright again . take a breath , a little unnerve . and continue on to the cluster of tent , alone . one soldier have remain behind as escort . watch she with a grow suspicion . private lasky . with he rifle . int . mess tent - night 76 Louise sit alone , rub she temple . her plate : untouched . Ian enter , look worse for wear . he grab a pre-make meal and join Louise at she table . his eye be bloodshot . louise do not expect to see you out . ian I be hide from weber . louise how go the riddle ? Tan grab yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 68. tan it 's a timeline . I do not know what they be ask I to solve . be it about population dynamics ? louise why do you go there ? a salt shaker from the end of the table . ian let I tell you a story about probability . he pour a dollop of salt on the table between they . a few quick shake . ian ( cont 'd ) the current world population be hover close to eight billion , but we start out as just a trickle , right ? thing get really populate in the last couple of century , so here 's humanity : he then shake out a salt line for a bit until he unscrew the cap and dump a heap at the end . tan ( cont ’d ) this line represent the population of the whole history of humanity . estimate at just over 100 billion . what that mean be : about eight percent of every human who ever live be alive right now . and that put we at this pileup at the end . louise the end ? tan well , some people call this a '' extinction burst . '' I do not , because I think it 's junk science . louise how can you be so sure ? tan people have be predict the end of civilization for age . but someone always come along and kick we further down the timeline . yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 68a . Ian spread out the salt like sand , and run he finger through it in a line , punctuate one end . the timeline . yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 69 . louise maybe it do not happen this time . they be warning we . we be run out of time . ian I can not tell that to weber . louise weber ? the CIA guy be who worry I . halpern . Louise suddenly wince and rub she temple . ian how be you hold up ? louise headaches . ( beat ) my brain be scramble . ian I hear they have the prefab up finally . we get private housing . louise ( distant ) yeah ... ian hey . he reach across the table and take she hand in he . Louise look at Ian . then at they hand . ian ( cont 'd ) we will get through . it 's all right . she pull she hand from he , suddenly shy . louise I be sorry , I just ... I be feel raw and unstable and ... Colonel weber enter the mess tent and set he sight on Ian . call out from the door : colonel weber Tan . you be need in operation . Ian keep he focus on Louise . a76 b76 c76 d76 77 att yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 70 . ian I ’1ll see you later . ( once more ) we will get a win soon . Tan leave . when he 's go , Louise 's headache return . omitted at6 int . pediatrician 's office - day ( flashback ) b76 Hannah and Louise hold hand on the exam bed . Louise be fight back tear . int . lake house - day ( flashback ) c76 Louise stare at a shelf full of Hannah 's award . photo of Hannah in sport , at band concert , in a theme park . int . lake house - night ( flashback ) d76 Louise be bent over in she bathroom , ill . ext . mess tent - night 77 Louise be bent over a trash can as if she just vomit . she cough , look around like she 's lose . she notice tear in she eye . wipe they . it disturb she . she fight back the intense emotional impact of this memory . it take a few breath for she to compose herself . reporter ( v.0 . ) ( pre-lap ) and why do you want to see the ship destroy ? tv coverage - some landing site - night at7 handheld camera interview a middle - aged woman hold a sign in a protest line outside a barricade . she 's be cry ; she eye be red with tear . and she speak English . 78 79 80 71 . ticker at bottom of screen : '' ufo ' truther 's movement grow '' middle - aged woman because ! it 's not right . we be the only one in this universe . this whole thing be a hoax . why do you think they have not show a alien up close ? it 's all a conspiracy ! the sound of a knocking wrench from the news clip to -- int . housing pre - fab - bedroom - night 78 Louise wake suddenly in bed . she 's fall asleep atop the cover , still in she clothes . clutch a pillow as if it be a child . the loud knocking come again . and she get up . int . housing pre - fab - front door ~- moment later 79 Louise open the door to find weber and Ian stand outside , they breath plume in the cold air . colonel weber May we come in ? Louise frown . int . housing pre - fab —- live area - moment later 80 Louise , weber , and Ian sit in this hotel- room -size space . ian how be you feel ? Louise try to read the situation . something be wrong . Ian look concerned . weber look suspicious . louise I just need sleep . I be fine . colonel weber you want to tell I what 's go on ? louise I do not -- what , what happen ? yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 72 . colonel weber you use seven word in the last session you never use before . and you write all of they in heptapod . louise what ? what word ? colonel weber you have three different exchange no one on we side of the glass could follow . louise show I . i’1l tell you what I write . colonel weber that 's not the problem here ! weber 's get more frustrated . Ian step in to defuse : ian all this focus on alien language . look , I do some research and there 's this idea that immersing yourself in a foreign language can rewire you brain -- louise the sapir - whorf hypothesis , yes . the theory that the language you speak determine how you think . ian be you dream in this language ? Louise look from Ian to weber . guard . louise what do that ...? I have have a few dream . that do not make I unfit for the job . weber show she a paper document sign at the bottom . colonel weber this might . louise that 's just a prescription for my headache , kettler -- then she notice something . Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 73. the signature form , revealing Louise have sign she name in a circle . like a cursive logogram . colonel weber kettler tell I you sign it with you leave hand . you be right hand . louise well . i. I mean ... colonel weber it be one thing when no one could understand they . it 's another when no one but you can . ( direct at Ian ) you think you can manage in the room on you own now ? louise what ? Louise focus on Ian now , she eye plead . Ian see she , this woman on verge of a breakdown , suddenly quite fragile . it pain he , but he believe it -- ian if I have to . yes . louise tan. come on . wait , just -- colonel weber ( stand ) I be pull you out . Louise and Ian follow . Louise intercept weber at the door : louise I need to be in there . this be all I do . take it away and I be just a , what , a prisoner . ian Louise , you just need to recover -- louise ( snap at Ian ) shut up ! ( to weber ) this will not work without I . I be the only one they really talk to . 82 83 84 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 74 , colonel weber which be why I can not afford to lose you ! do you get it now ? suddenly frustrated by he confession , weber step back out into the cold . but Ian pause outside she door . turn around to face Louise again . Louise look devastate ; untether . tan I be sorry . I get worried -- but she shut the door on he . ext . montana landing site — morning 81 the Shell gleam in the rise sun , casting a shadow over a slice of the science camp site the shape of a tombstone . ext . '' the shell '' ~ morning 82 private lasky and comb set heavy a/v box at a staging area by the scissor lift . int . science tent - ian 's area — morning 83 video of abbott and costello play on a screen . the last session in the room . fast -forward to the appearance of the timeline . pause . Ian study it on the monitor at he desk . his team of science expert argue and gesture at one another in the background , around a large table . behind he : a glass screen display the timeline riddle , big as life . Ian rub he face . downs he coffee . go at it again . ext . housing pre -fab —- morning 84 weber knock on Louise 's door . beat . Louise open the door just a few inch . her eye be bloodshot . she 's wear yesterday 's clothes . louise what . 85 86 goldenrod ( 08/03/2015 ) 75 . colonel weber do you sleep ? louise a little . colonel weber I need you brain . louise you be put I back in ? colonel weber ( evade ) do you know mandarin ? omitted 85 int . operation tent / spy room - morning 86 the two push through the tent flap , and Louise be startle -- every single tv screen be fill with footage of violence . gunfire at the grounds of another alien site . riot at another . Naval maneuver on the indian Ocean . weber hand Louise a set of headphone , and replay a video . on screen : spy footage of two chinese men meeting at a camp not unlike the Montana site . muddle voice in mandarin . Louise translate : louise he 's say each of the twelve be offer advanced technology . ( beat ) spy report India and Sudan have already receive theirs . like set . ( more ) a86 Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 76 . louise ( cont 'd ) set ? I do not know what he mean - — - ( beat ) something about a advantage . with suit , honor , and flower ? the clip end abruptly . weber take the headphone back . colonel weber we do not know what it mean , either . but a hour ago China scramble fighter at airfield in four different basis , and Sudan be follow suit . '' Big domino '' be about to start something . louise follow suit ... ( realize ) suit , honor , and flower . Colonel , that be tile set in mahjong . oh god , have they be use a game to converse with they heptapod ? colonel weber maybe . probably easier than try to teach mandarin . why ? louise say I teach they chess instead of English . every conversation be a game , every idea express through opposition -- victory and defeat . you see the problem ? if all I ever give you be a hammer ... weber look back at the monitor , suddenly get it . colonel weber ..- everything 's a nail . halpern enter , rile up . step up to weber . agent halpern May I have a word , Colonel ? weber nod to Louise : dismiss . int . science tent - moment later a86 Louise enter , distraught . go to she desk . angle on ian , engross in he study of previous session , until he hear Louise gather papers at she desk . Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 77 . he see she through the timeline screen bisect they workspace . it 's like the glass barrier in the chamber . after a beat , he decide to approach she . ian hey . louise hey . ian how be you do ? she keep gather printout of logogram . shove material into folder . louise why do you want to know ? ian why ? because I - - because you be start to scare I . ( step closer ) you would have do the same for I , if you be in my shoe . Louise turn to he now . vulnerable , and mad about it . but refuse to cry in front of he . louise oh , so I should see thing from you perspective , but do you ever see it from mine ? just once ? ( be : timeline ) you get the symbol for ' humanity 's wrong . do not that say it all . she walk around to the other side of the screen and make adjustment by touch . Ian watch from Louise 's desk on the other side ... and he nearly gasp in surprise . from he Pov , the timeline be reverse . and the logogram that mean ' humanity 's now look the same from either side . ian Louise ... they word be a ambigram . it read the same front or back . louise it be ? oh -- you be right . he marvel at this mirror image of the timeline problem . 87 Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) ~ '' ian on you side , the human race be at the end of its time . but here -- to the heptapod — - we be just get start . the low bass tone reverberate through the tent . captain mark ( 0.s. ) ten minute to session . Ian -- you be up . Louise lean in to Ian to keep he focus on the problem in front of he . louise how do that help we ? Ian frown , think ... then , in a sudden Eureka moment , he get it . clap he hand -- ian my god . it 's not a problem at all , it 's a choice . he charge off , right out of the tent . louise Ian ? Ian , wait — - ext . base camp — continuous 87 Louise trail after Ian , who 's head right for the pickup . louise what choice ? ian that 's what they be say . it 's like a warning label on a power tool . whatever they be offer we , we can use it to flourish for million of year , or we can do something stupid and end it all right now . halpern step out of the ops tent with weber and zeroe in on Tan lead Louise for the Shell door . agent halpern Doctor bank ! Tan grab Louise by the hand . he 's not go in alone . a87 88 89 Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 79 . ian come on . Louise hurry after Ian . agent halpern no one authorize you back inside -- but the two pile into a pickup and Ian peel out . halpern move for the second truck , where two hazmat - suite tech arrive look confuse -- the rest of Ian 's team . ext . '' the shell '' — day a87 Ian slide the pickup to a stop close to the scissor lift . Louise hurry out on one side , Ian follow . neither of they in suit or with respirator . in the distance , the other truck be on approach , leave a rooster tail of dust behind it . ahead , the scissor lift descend from its high perch at the surface , revealing lasky and comb in full suit . Ian and Louise climb in as they step out . Louise make eye contact with lasky . private lasky you can not go in there . tan she 's with I . Ian punch the ' up 's button on the lift . Louise check to see how close the other truck be , but then she attention drift back to lasky and comb , below . they both just stand and watch they , clutching they rifle . omitted 88 int . interview chamber - moment later 89 Louise and Ian arrive to find abbott already here , advance for the glass barrier . abbott 's movement suggest a urgency . louise abbott ? pink ( 05/18/2015 ) t9a . the timeline draw itself on the glass . and beneath it a symbol appear . Louise point to it : louise ( cont ’d ) '' solve . '' it 's all on you now . tan be there a symbol for '' choice ? '' both timeline be possible , it all depend upon what we choose to do with they offer . Louise nod . but then the tablet power down ; short out on its own . louise wait , what just -- abbott write on the barrier . add to the previous : louise ( cont ’d ) '' solve here . '' he want I to write on the glass . ian can you ? louise it 's a complicated sentence . I be try to figure it out . Louise approach the boundary , opposite abbott . the wall become more and more transparent , revealing abbott more intimately than ever before . the alien gesture at she . Louise tentatively put up two hand , then lower one . ian what ? louise I can not . I can not draw both end at the same time . she hold she right hand up against the glass . it react by form ink on abbott 's side . as she do , abbott hold up one hand against the glass on he end , to the leave of she position . aa89 a89 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 79b . Louise regards he curiously . then she take a breath , and begin to draw one end of this elegant , complicated circle . as she do , abbott draw on he end . work in the opposite arc toward Louise 's start point . ian what be he do ? Louise 's eye widen as she realize ... louise he 's be my other arm . he 's finish my sentence . the two co- author finish simultaneously , connect the arc of they logogram into a circle . reveal a angle show abbott 's hand perfectly align with Louise 's , only the transparent wall between they . quick pop : int . lake house - hannah 's room - day ( flashback ) ba89 baby Hannah reach up from she cradle , she little infant hand outstretch like abbott 's . Louise reach down to let Hannah grip mom 's pointer finger . int . interview chamber - back to scene a89 Louise snap out of that quick vision . she take a step back . louise that 's ... that 's it . look at it head - on , the logogram be complete . then : a tapestry of heptapod logogram begin flow across the entire transparent wall , like wallpaper pattern . they appear with dozen of geometric equation . circle . angular shape . equation in heptapod with Arabic numeral around they like liner note . a waterfall of data . it pour down the screen . pressing in on Ian , who smile broadly . ian this be it . ( into headset ) this be the gift ! yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 79c . colonel weber ( v.o. ) ( over headset ) we get it over here . ( to tech ) Christ , how much be this -- ( back to Ian ) it 's two terabyte of data . yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 80 . abbott begin miming the '' walk '' action they teach earlier . simultaneously , a new set of logogram form from ink splatter harshly against the glass -- ian what be he say ? Louise approach the barrier , frown . meanwhile , a faint beeping begin quicken somewhere in the interview chamber . louise that be we name ... ( translate ) must leave ? ( to abbott ) you be ask we to go ? she get close now -- Ian approach a duffel bag topple by the glass barrier on the floor , get closer to the sound - ~ pull it away to reveal : a_set of wire c4 charge stick against the glass -- ian Louise ! Ian run to grab Louise -- Louise look back at abbott - - he 's warning they -- suddenly the gravity shift in the chamber -- Louise and Ian find themselves slide away from the barrier , right back into the tunnel -- Louise look one last time at abbott and see : he 's press he seven-fingered hand to the glass once more . the way he do when she first share she name . this image shrink as gravity take Louise away from the chamber and then with a cacophonous boom -- the interview chamber be engulfed in a fireball , with a impact so hard Louise see it shatter the barrier -- Ian and Louise stop slide , but then the firecloud roll toward they out the chamber and into the tunnel -- b89 90 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 81-82. black . no SOUND . a beat . then : int . lake house - hannah 's room - morning ( flashback ) b89 Louise and 4 - year- old Hannah be on the bed . Louise have fall asleep with a storybook on she lap . Hannah lean in and whisper into Louise 's ear -- Louise 's eye SNAP OPEN -- int . medical tent - infirmary - day 90 tight on Louise waking with a start . a bandage have be tape to she forehead . she sit up , and instantly regret it . her head hurt . kettler approach . dr . kettler careful . you suffer a concussion . louise Tan ... be he -- dr . kettler Three break rib and a sprain ankle , but otherwise he 's fine . louise how long be I out ? dr . kettler about two hour . be strangely quiet ever since . kettler tend to she , examine she pulse and temperature . louise who ...? dr . kettler it be a couple of soldier . they have be watch too much tv , afraid the gift be go to kill we all . louise we do not need help from another race to do that . ( more ) pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 81-82a . louise ( cont 'd ) ( then ) what happen to they ? the soldier . dr . kettler the agency man , halpern , he shot they , but it be too late . outside : the entire camp be mobilize . one tent one the edge of camp be in the process of be collapse . even more sober : a truck park nearby , towing the scissor lift use to get up into the Shell . louise what 's go on now ? dr . kettler prepare to evacuate . Louise tense . she look around -- Ian be not in the tent . louise where be Ian ? dr . kettler weber come and get he , maybe ten minute ago . he would not leave until he know you be okay . but you whole tent be on the clock to figure out whatever it be you be give up there . because we be pull up stake . Louise immediately get up , past kettler , and go for the tent exit . dr . kettler ( cont ’d ) medevac be on the way ! 91 omitted pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 83-84 . 91 92 omitted omitted pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 85 . 92 93 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 86-88 . 94 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 89 . int . science tent - crypto room —- that moment 94 the alien data spread across all the flatscreen . weber watch it , arm cross . Ian stand at one computer , cycle through some subset of the data . his button - down shirt be loose , show the tight bandage wrap around he rib underneath . ian be this all of it ? the feed be not cut before the explosion ? colonel weber not as far as we can tell . Ian be visibly relieved . ian we should combine my team with Louise 's and get they all work on this . colonel weber what be it ? ian I do not know yet . but they be finally speak my language . Louise enter the tent , shove the flap aside . weber see she come . colonel weber Doctor bank -- louise we be not leave . colonel weber glad to see you be awake . louise ( roll through it ) we need to get back in there , talk to they , explain what happen , it be not we fault — — colonel weber you be not go back inside . 95 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 89a . louise we have to . colonel weber what happen in there be a attack . we can hope for the best , but I have order to prepare for a retaliation . so we be leave in twenty - four hour . louise that 's the wrong move . as long as they stay , we have to stay . we have to keep talk . a low , strange tone reverberate through the tent . this one be not the tone they have hear before . and it 's accompany by a rumble . ext . science tent — day 95 Louise , Ian and weber emerge from the tent to see : 96 97 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 90 . the Shell lift higher into the sky . it rise , vibrate everyone 's rib cage , the air beneath it undulate as if reflect on water . then , several hundred foot up ... it stop . and hover . park there . stare down . louise well . they be not leave . colonel weber why do this feel worse . ext . science tent — night 96 outside , the canopy of star above be staggering . the Shell remain in the sky , partially eclipsing the moon . tilting down to find the ops tent , bustling with activity . int . science tent - night 97 Close in : the data play out on a large flatscreen . the twelve landing site monitor be all black . Ian and Louise sit together , down from they early high of receive the gift . now they face a mountain of material . ian I do not get it . louise we have only be at this a hour . tan no , I mean - ~ what be it ? louise I recognize maybe one in every twenty logogram . it will take some time to unpack the rest . ian but look at they math . this be they code ; they building block . but I do not know where anything start or end ! it may as well be random . strange rorscharch-like diagram animate on screen . 98 Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 91 . louise it can not be random . tan I know . Tan get up and start pace . stare at the dark monitor . tan ( cont 'd ) I wonder how the brit be do . he kick at the back of he chair and storm off . Louise be too tired to get up and go after he . her eye be heavy and she 's still wounded from the explosion . she rake she finger through she long hair and stare at the screen . hannah ( 0.s. ) what 's this term here ? int . lake house - louise 's study - night ( flashback ) 98 Louise read papers at she desk . she run she finger through she short hair , like she just do . her study be wall with book , and she desk allow she a view through the open door all the way down the hall . Hannah ( age 12 ) step to the threshold . leans against it . hannah Mom . louise sweetie . hannah what 's the term for that thing , like a technical term , where we make like a deal , and we both get something out of it ? louise a compromise ? hannah no . louise you remember what it sound like ? Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 92 . hannah like it 's a competition but both side end up happy . louise like a win-win ? hannah more science -y than that . louise you want science , call you father . Louise return to she papers . Hannah frown . hannah you always do that . you and dad . put in just a little effort and then kick I to the other parent . louise Hannah , that 's not fair . hannah it really be not ! she storm off down the hall . Louise watch she go . tries to think of what to say . tan ( v.o. ) Louise -- 99 int . science tent —- louise 's desk - day 99 Louise snap she head up , have drift off to sleep at she work table surround by computer . ian sorry . louise no. I be up . ( then ) what time be it ? ian that question be irrelevant , if you be a heptapod . he smile at she . eager . louise you crack something . do not you . yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 93 . Ian nod . he grab a bottle of hand sanitizer stow atop a comm shelf and he pen-size laser pointer . ian I find something that demonstrate fermat 's principle of least time . Tan shine the laser at the sanitizer and oddly , we can see the beam cut through the bottle . Ian move the pointer as he talk , demonstrate : ian ( cont ’d ) ( beat ) Light always know the shortest route to a point in term of time , even if it have to change course . for a long time we think it be cheating . like how do it know the shortest path be this curve ? louise the heptapod know ? ian more than that . he triggers a animation sequence of data that look like a three - dimensional network of node . then one strand glow inside the network , link two disparate part . ian ( cont ’d ) it 's how they see everything . how they travel . except the shortest path be outside space and time . with this , we could build a space ship with no rocket . we have just -- ( snap finger ) ~- and we be there . Louise catch she breath . louise it 's not a weapon . ian yeah . well ... Nobel think the same of dynamite ... Nonetheless , Louise be visibly relieved . ian ( cont ’d ) there 's something else . at the tail end of the code . yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 93a . Tan make a few keystroke on a monitor and bring up a image on a large flat-screen . 100 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 94 , the screen show a series of intertwined logogram . like a Persian rug of alien data . Ian magnify one corner ... revealing : '' 1 / 12 " -- follow by a elegant little symbol . tan ( cont ’d ) they use Arabic numeral . '' one of twelve . '' louise ( a- ha moment ) do you know what this mean ? int . operation tent - '' war room '' — day 100 connect to the Operations tent , but make private , wall off from the screen and the noise . mainly it 's just a conference table , some comm gear , and a world map . Louise , flanke by Ian , confront Colonel weber at the conference table with agent halpern . she hold up the printout . louise this be just one piece of it . what they be tell we , right here , be that ours be one of twelve . we be part of a larger whole . agent halpern or we be one of twelve contestant for the prize . louise ( to weber ) why do I have to talk to he ? colonel weber you do you job , now he get to run the show . louise ( to halpern ) we need to talk to the other site and help they with whatever they have get from the other heptapod . agent halpern in case you do not remember , we be black out . so be the other nation . we be on we own . pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 95 . louise this be tell we the piece go together . agent halpern and I be tell you no one else believe that . halpern swivel he laptop around and show a recording : agent halpern ( cont ’d ) two hour ago we pull this audio off a secure channel in Russia . someone on the science team there be broadcasting wide . he click playback , and we see a screen go black with English translation appear as the recording play over the sound of pound on the door -- russian scientist ( v.o. ) they final word translate to , '' there be no time , many become one . '' I fear we have all be give weapon because we answer the timeline wrong , please , if you -- with the crack of a gunshot the recording abruptly end . Louise begin to fray at the edge . stave off panic : louise well , I mean , there be way to interpret what he say ... agent halpern I do not need a interpreter to know what this mean . Russia just execute one of they own expert to keep they secret . he click through to show on he monitor : every Shell now hover over they site . from hokkaido to Wale , the massive sphere hang in the air . wait . louise '' many become one '' could just be they way of say '' some assembly require ... '' 101 Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 96 . agent halpern why hand it out to we in piece ? why not just give it all over ? louise what better way to force we all to work together , for once ? halpern look to the other people in the room . weber study he carefully . Ian nod , in support of Louise . agent halpern even if I do believe you , how in the world be you go to get anyone else to play along and give up they data ? Ian jump on this one : ian we offer we own in return . halpern look to weber . be he serious ? agent halpern a trade . ian so it 's a non- zero - sum game . Louise hear this and it dawns on she -- int . lake house - louise 's study - night ( flashback ) 101 Hannah storm down the hall . pick up right where we leave she from the previous flashback . Louise sit forward , with that same look of realization : louise a non-zero - sum game ! Hannah stop . turn back around . hannah that 's it ! yes ! thank you , Mom . Hannah shuffles back into she room . Louise slowly touch she face , a even deeper question now creep into she mind : do I just alter my own past ? 102 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 97 . colonel weber ( v.o . ) ( pre-lap ) what do you just do ? Louise seem to hear the voice beside she and look -- int . operation tent - '' war room '' - back to scene 102 weber stand at she side . behind he , by a set of comm station , halpern and he team be on phone . louise I be -- I be sorry ? colonel weber nobody lock horn with the CIA like that . what motivate you ? Louise be still a bit lose , reeling from the effect she just have on she own memory . louise family . weber be surprised and confuse by this answer . they be interrupt by halpern , who step up with : agent halpern nine of the landing site have go total comm blackout . only way to reach they be to physically drive there and yell at the border guard . which we be do , but it will not be fast enough . louise there 's gotta be some way to get a message to they . agent halpern to we ally , maybe , but at this stage it 's too little too late . what we need be to get all the nation online before one start global war , and there 's no way for we to reach they . it 's a live nightmare for Louise ; all that need to happen be for people to talk to each other , but no one will . then : ian ( 0.s. ) yes there be . a102 b102 Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 98 . all eye on Ian . ian ( cont 'd ) it 's right over we head . he tap a screen display the Shell hover outside . colonel weber maybe you see how that 's problematic for we now . pressing on louise , as the other discuss option : agent halpern ( 0.s. ) and if they intent be global war ? ian ( 0.8 . ) then at least we know . quick pop : int . cylinder chamber — day a102 Louise be in a dark space of unknown dimension , light from a bright light on one side , wear a breathe mask , she hair dance weightlessly around she face -- int . operation tent - '' war room '' — back to scene b102 she snap out of the vision , look around : the man be still argue . agent halpern I be not have we decision outsource to the enemy -- ian they be not the enemy , when have they make any act of aggression toward we ? agent halpern maybe this be they way of be aggressive ! colonel weber that be not the question . ian then what be ? 103 104 al04 b1l04 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 99 . colonel weber how do we get you back in the room when it 's half a mile straight up ? ian I be sure Louise would -- they all look to where Louise be stand . she 's go now . omitted 103 ext . operation tent - day 104 it 's raining when Ian , halpern , and weber step out . halpern be first to point out : agent halpern vehicle 's miss . another low bass tone emanate from the ship -- and it seem to push the cloud around it like a ripple on water . int . '' the shell '' - continuous alo4 from black , a circle of black separate and shrink . it take we a moment to realize we be inside the ship , look straight down as a cylinder descend to the ground . ext . operation tent - continuous b104 Ian grab a pair of binocular from a officer and look out in the direction of where the Shell have be . binoculars Pov : through magnification he see the cylinder descend ... and where it land be close to where louise now wait for it . both of they be tiny , almost silhouettes at this range . but it look like Louise have a breathe mask in she hand . agent halpern ( 0.s. ) what the hell be she do ? she step into the cylinder . tan what you hire she to do . 106 107 108 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 100 . int . cylinder chamber — continuous 105 plain , dimly - light from below , cramped . Louise put she finger on the inside wall , feel it -- -- and then the cylinder seal she up inside , in darkness . ext . landing site - continuous 106 the cylinder elevator lift off . noiselessly . int . cylinder chamber - continuous 107 Louise can feel the acceleration in she stomach , and in the pitch of the low tone reverberate inside . she look around for anything else in the chamber with she . no window . no view outside . outside the wall of the chamber , another metallic roar . follow by a distant high pitch . Louise wait for a portal to open . none do . she 's trap inside this space . louise «.- hello ? at she foot , light set the floor aglow . and then a luminous gas seep in and begin to rise around she . fill the cylinder . louise ( cont 'd ) oh god -- oh god oh god -- Louise put on the oxygen mask as the barrier rise up to she shoulder , then she neck and finally up over she head -- underneath , the world be bright and mostly clear , and yet ... Louise 's hair drift up around she face as if she be underwater . Louise breathes through the mask . look around . a portal open up opposite she . Light shine on she face . int . '' the shell '' - continuous 108 Louise step out to a dimensionless sea of bright mist . yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 101 . no wall or ceiling . she look up to see what might be a heptapod drift into the white void far above she . her breath be shallow . she be in a truly alien place now . there be no reference for this experience . something dark and enormous '' swim '' through the mist , pass by she , always just far enough to make it impossible to see clearly -- it could be a swarm of small thing , or something the size of a blue whale . and then a heptapod approach from behind she . Louise spin around in time to see it as its seven limb advance to she . beat . she finally control she breathe . louise costello ? costello stand with limb poise before she ... then the mist clear a bit , revealing more of he heptapod body . the limb and torso ? what seem to be the entire form of the alien ? not so . it be more like the finger and hand of a much larger be . costello tower over she . she look up , in awe . and then it write on the invisible floor beneath they . with two finger . ink sluice out from they into a logogram . subtitles : '' Louise . '' Louise take a breath . louise ( cont ’d ) where be abbott ? costello move the ink around with one appendage and a new logogram form . subtitles : '' abbott be dead . '' Louise hold she stomach , she 's hit so hard by this . louise ( cont ’d ) I be sorry . we be sorry . the logogram ink shift again . Louise look down to read it . subtitles : '' abbott choose to save Louise and Ian . '' yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 101a . another ink-shift for a second logogram : subtitles : '' Louise have question ? '' Louise remember she mission . her reason for make the trip . louise ( cont ’d ) I need ... need you to send a message . to the other site . costello reply by modify the first logogram . subtitles : '' message here . Louise have weapon . '' louise ( cont ’d ) that 's just it , I - - ( directly ) what be you purpose here ? Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 102 . costello stare down at she . inky globule drift in from the mist , shower not randomly but into pattern . circle . a hundred logogram . a thousand . click-click , flutter - whisper -tone . subtitles : '' the story of we people . a span of two point nine billion year . '' Louise marvel at it . a chain of they light up at she foot , shifting for she to see . Louise read it aloud : louise ( cont 'd ) '' Three thousand year from this point , humanity help we . we help humanity now . returning the favor . '' ( to costello ) you know both you past and you future ... how ? a podium screen rise between Louise and costello . the timeline riddle appear . up close , more detail be visible . it 's more artful than a simple line segment with a large bulbous flourish at one end . there be little stem and curl along the line . and then that familiar logogram -- subtitles : '' solve . '' louise ( cont ’d ) do we answer wrong ? a new series of symbol : '' many answer give . many become one . only one matter . '' the message the Russian scientist translate , in part . Louise look back at the timeline . louise ( cont 'd ) but I do not understand , it 's time -- ( then ) time . wait . be it ? what 's the logogram for time ... Louise be seize with a realization . she reach out and touch the timeline on the screen . nudge it . it move . from both end , she wrap the line into its own circle ... a exact representation of the logogram . it pulse when she complete the action . louise ( cont 'd ) time ... a108 b108 c108 d108 Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 103 . then , a few more inky shape bleed into the symbol for a crucial sentence . the awareness cause a memory attack -- quick pop : ext . lake house - day ( flashback ) a108 Hannah age 8 , skip stone in the lake . ext . montana landing site - day ( flashback ) b108 the Shell landing in Montana . int . lake house - louise 's bedroom - night ( flashback ) c108 Louise at home alone . int . '' the shell '' - back to scene d108 Louise suck in a breath , mentally return to present day in a panic . even more confuse and frighten . costello retreat from she , as she translate the sentence -- louise '' there be no linear time '' -- ( then ) wait ! what be happen to I ? what_do I do ? the ship shudder . the thrum return as the cylinder descend , to seal Louise inside once more . costello turn to she , some of he arm float in the air like the strand of Louise 's hair . despite he unearthly figure , he seem to look upon she with tenderness . a final logogram form on the floor between they : subtitles : '' you already have . you choose life . '' the thrum increase in urgency . that same cylinder rise around she foot to encase she once again . louise ( cont 'd ) I do not understand -- wait -- with a roar , the cylinder seal she up , into darkness . 109 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 104 . ext . base camp — day 109 from the top of the hill , the massive Shell begin to turn on itself . rotating , yet remain in place . like spin a billiard ball on its axis . the ovoid craft reverse its hemisphere until finally it 's sit upside - down from its previous position . Louise emerge from behind the hill , run toward we . her hair be damp from the exposure to the alien atmosphere . Three pickup truck rush toward she . six men in full hazmat suit grab louise , as the spaceship start to leave the ground with a astonishing SOUND . Ian be among the man . he call she name but it 's drown out by the sound of the ship overhead . the spaceship then disappear in the cloud . everyone outside base camp stare up at the sky , every face fretting and worried about what it mean . weber be among the six . he step close to Louise , grim . colonel weber you get everyone 's attention with you little field trip . ian I hope you get good news , too . Captain Marks rush to weber : captain mark Sir ! we be get the order from command to evacuate immediately . colonel weber what for ? captain mark Big domino . Captain Marks and weber move for the War room tent . Louise give Ian a pain look . like she 's lose and afraid . louise Tan ... I do not know what it mean . Louise wobble a step . Ian hold onto she . 105 . ian whoa now . I get you . Louise look down at she boot -- they be cover in mud from the slog across the field -- 110 ext . lake house - day ( flashback ) 110 Louise stand on the back patio , one hand on a deck post . her boot be cover in mud . she look around . it 's raining . a 7 - year - old Hannah come in from the rain and sit down on the bench at the patio . Louise reach up and feel the length of she hair . look at she hand . Notes she wedding ring -- she 's still wear it . hannah ( 0.s. ) help I , mommy . Hannah struggle to get she muddy shoe off . Louise bend down and start to work the lace . louise baby ? what day be it , do you know ? hannah Sunday . ( then ) be you gonna leave I like daddy do ? Louise snap back to full attention on she daughter . louise Hannah , honey , you father do not leave you . you 'il spend time with he this weekend . hannah he do not look at I the same way anymore . Louise touch Hannah 's hair . she have so much love for she daughter . louise oh , god . I be ... that be my fault . I tell he something he be not ready to hear . 111 106 . hannah what ? louise believe it or not , I know something that 's go to happen . I can not explain how I know , I just do . when I share it with daddy , he get real mad . Said I make the wrong choice . hannah why ? what 's go to happen ? louise it have to do with a very rare disease . and it can not be stop . kind of like how you be when you get focus on swim , or poetry , or any of the amazing thing you share with the world . hannah I be unstoppable . Said like a little mad scientist . Louise bring Hannah in close , to hide the fact that she 's try not to cry . Louise breathes in the smell of Hannah 's hair . louise ( to herself ) hold onto this moment -- ext . base camp — back to scene 111 Ian hold onto Louise . louise ( v.o. ) hold onto this moment . she realize she 's back . suck in a breath . she 's cry . tan what just happen ? louise I remember something . ian what be it ? Louise look into he eye . then pull he in for a hug . 112 a112 b112 c112 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 107 . louise why my husband leave I . Ian do not expect that answer . ian you be marry ? Louise wipe she eye and struggle to find she game face . int . science tent - moment later 112 the translator , scientist , and tech be go here . armed soldier now populate the place , tear down all non - essential material as fast as possible . halpern supervise . Louise rush in and get to a keyboard at she hutch . she call up the heptapod data on the screen . spread it to every available screen . loops and whorl of logogram , all strung together like DNA strand . geometric formulae animate around the cursive write . a wall of alien graffiti . Ian hurry in behind Louise . ian it 's too late for this . we have only crack maybe one percent of it , it will take week -— - Louise put up she hand , silencing Ian . she close she eye . int . lake house - louise 's study - day ( flashback ) all2 Louise pull a hardback book from a box of advance copy . its cover : '' the universal Language '' by Dr. Louise bank . int . lake house - louise 's study - day ( flashback ) b1l12 the table of content show twelve chapter . int . lake house ~- louise 's study - day ( flashback ) c112 Hannah 's draw be now frame . hannah ( v.o. ) that 's suppose to be a book . the girl 's handwrite : '' mommy and daddy save the world . '' d112 113 pink ( 05/18/2015 ) 108. int . science tent - back to scene d112 Louise 's eye snap open , and she take in the sight of all the alien symbol once more . she let out a rag breath , in awe of it . louise I can read it ... ( then ) Ian , I know what it be . a new siren now begin to wail around the campsite . Louise and Ian look up , unsure what to do . Colonel weber enter and march for they with Captain Marks behind he - — colonel weber you two : we be evacuate you right now . come on . ian what 's happen ? colonel weber War , that 's what . weber grab onto they both and will they into motion . louise wait -- I figure out the gift ! colonel weber good for you . he usher they outside -- ext . base camp - helipad - continuous 113 -- and they keep march for the helipad , despite Louise try to slow thing down . louise it 's they language . they give it all to we . it 's in twelve part because I separate they first symbol into twelve segment -- and they know I would . understand ? colonel weber so we can learn heptapod if we survive . not much of a gift . Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 109 . louise ( emphatic ) when you learn it , truly learn it , you perceive time the way they do . weber stop as they be two dozen foot from the chopper . he have to shout over the sound of the rotor and the siren . colonel weber I see we be out of time . we do we best , but it be not enough . the domino be fall now . weber gesture at Ian to suggest : get she on the chopper . then he turn and hurry back for the op tent . Louise stand , rigid with tension . Ian tug at she : ian come on ! Louise whirl around to face Ian but when she do -- int . ballroom — night 114 -- she be dress in a resplendent red evening gown . her hair be do up . she look stun . all around she be a cocktail party in full swing . classical music play from a live band nearby . Louise look around and take in the ambiance . a dozen national flag hang on the wall as a symbol of unity . on a stage ( currently unoccupy ) , that heptapod logogram for '' time '' be on prominent display . the crowd of partygoer be international and dress up . one of they set they sight on Louise and advance : a distinguished chinese man ( 65 ) in a tailore tuxedo . she have see he before , on monitor . general shang . general shang Doctor bank , what a delight . louise General shang . the pleasure be certainly mine . they shake hand , but Louise offer a slight bow . general shang you President say he be honore to host I at the celebration , but I confess I be only here because I want to meet you in person . louise me? well . I be flatter . general shang eighteen month ago , you do something ... remarkable . something not even my superior have do . louise what be that ? general shang you change my mind . in a way , you be the reason for the unification . all because you reach out to I on my private number . louise you private number ? General , I do not know what , uh ... shang show she he sleek smartphone . it 's open to a id screen with a number . she accept it , stare at the screen . general shang now you do . I do not claim to know how you brain work , but I believe it 's important you see that . louise ( beat ) wait . I call you , do not I ... general shang you do . and you speak to I . I will never forget what you say . louise General , you must forgive I . I have have a bit to drink tonight . I might need a reminder . general shang yes . you warn I of this as well . he look over he shoulder , to make sure no one be eavesdropp . then he lean close to she . 115 buff ( 08/20/2015 ) 111-112. she turn she head so he can speak into she ear . the classical music play and the other partygoer chat , provide a drine of noise . Louise 's eye widen . she put she hand over she mouth . above the music and chatter , that high ringing tone build up again , overtake it all -- Louise blink and -- ext . montana landing site - day 115 she 's right back where she be a moment ago . Ian tug at she to get into the helicopter . Louise suck in a breath like she be just pull from cold water . the memory of the future leave she shaking . tan come on ! but she do not follow he . she turn and run for the tent . Ian run after she . ian ( cont ’d ) Louise ! all6é b116 c1ié buff ( 08/20/2015 ) 113. int . new operation tent 116 halpern watch a monitor as other around he pack up for evacuation . one of the system operator seat near he frown and get halpern 's attention . system operator Sir ! a sit line here be dial China . agent halpern here ? what do you mean '' here '' ? system operator base Camp , sir . int . corridor all6 Louise hurry down the corridor . Sat phone to she ear . wait for a answer on the other end of the line . louise c’mon , c’mon ... a voice on the other end answer . it 's shang . Louise get a jolt of hope . int . new operation tent b116 halpern be now lean over the system op , focus on he screen . agent halpern whose phone be it ? system operator Sir , it 's you phone . shock and alarmed , halpern look to the table for he phone . it 's not there . now halpern be on the move , as he go : agent halpern ( to CIA ) search the base now ! int . clean room c1l6 Louise enter the clean room , speak urgently with shang . d116 e116 buff ( 08/20/2015 ) 113a . louise ( in mandarin ) General , I be call from the american site . int . corridor d116 CIA and Soldiers search the base . int . clean room e116 Louise speak with shang as two soldier arrive in the clean room . Louise lock herself in the chamber , still talk to shang . louise ( in mandarin ) you wife speak to I in a dream , she say you would help save the world by be brave than everyone else -- soldier # 1 ( in headset , to system op ) we find the source of the call , wait for instruction . Tan arrive from yellow tunnel , open the door of the chamber . ian Louise ! what be you do ? louise change someone 's mind ... give I 20 second . Ian get in the chamber and lock the door . halpern arrive from yellow tunnel and draw a gun . the two soldier raise they rifle on the other side of the chamber . Ian lock the second door and put himself between the soldier 's gun and she . halpern Drop the phone now or we shoot ! Ian protect Louise from both side with he body . 4 % hef ff hhh of of buff ( 08/20/2015 ) 1138 . ian you can not stop this now . louise ( in mandarin ) War do not make winner , only widow . she listen briefly and then drop the phone . louise ( cont 'd ) I already do . f116 ext . helicopter field f116 weber , talk to officer , be interrupt by another officer . officer Colonel , urgent message from the Pentagon . g116 int . clean room g116 on the walky : " China be stand down !!! '' halpern , hearing the news , lower he weapon . ian what do you do ? louise I repeat what he wife tell he before she pass away ... ian how do you know that ? louise he tell I . ( alt ) he will tell I . h116 int . skype room h116 weber and halpern enter into the skype room follow by Louise and Ian . + + hx buff ( 08/20/2015 ) 113¢c . one of the monitor at another nation 's site come to life . china . on screen be general shang . he look shake to he core . in articulate English , he announce . general shang China be stand down . instead , we offer the information we receive at we site -- the '' gift . '' ( beat ) it be one of twelve . a second monitor awaken . british scientist we will not be upstage by you bloke . upload we data . then a third monitor return to life . Australia . everyone in the room start to breathe again . ext . base camp - moment later 117 Louise step out with Ian close behind . ian ( amaze yet scared ) be you all right ? Louise be ily overcome by the emotion of what she just experience . she look at Ian in a entirely new way . it 's a moment where she want to tell he everything , and do not know where to start . and there 's a tsunami of joy , sorrow , pain , and hope hit she as she realize where she be again . 118 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 114. finally , she nod at Ian , wiping she face . tenderly : louise Ian ... if you could suddenly see you whole life , start to finish ... would you change thing ? ian I do not say what I mean enough . and I be change that right now . Tan be just as tender with she . ian ( cont ’d ) I have be tilting my head to the star for as long as I can remember , and you know what 's surprised I the most ? it 's not meeting they . it 's meeting you . that 's all it take for Louise . she put she arm around Ian , and kiss he on the mouth . as the kiss intensify , that high pitch return . and when Ian shift from a kiss to a tight hug , when Louise hug back -- int . hannah 's room - night ( flashback ) 118 Louise hug Hannah ( age 4 , tuck in bed ) goodnight . Louise go to click off the light by Hannah 's bed . hannah mommy ? louise yes , little - nose ? hannah why be my name Hannah ? louise do not you like it ? hannah I do not know yet . where do it come from ? 119 louise oh , so this be another episode of you series , '' why be it this way ? '' hannah you make I curious about everything . Louise smile sweetly at she daughter . she then gesture at a wooden name plaque spelling out hannah on the wall . louise you name be special . it 's a palindrome . that mean you can read it both forward and backwards , and it 's still the same . Hannah get it right away . hannah I have decide . I like my name . louise I love you , Hannah . Hannah smile at she mother . ian ( 0.8 . ) well , I love you both . Louise look back at -- ian , stand in the doorway . smiling . Ian be Louise 's husband . and Hannah 's father . hannah ( 0.s. ) daddy ! Ian step in and scoops Hannah and Louise into a bear hug . a rush of noise again , and -- ext . base camp —- back to scene 119 Louise be still hugging Ian . her face half - bury in he shoulder , she say quietly : louise I forget how good it feel to be hold by you . 120 a120 121 al21 bl21 buff ( 08/20/2015 ) 116. ext . lake — day 120 a black sedan pull up to the driveway of Louise 's house . int . black sedan a120 Louise and weber both sit in the back seat . it feel like they have be riding in silence for some time . weber I be not go to pretend to understand what you do up there . louise I be not go to try to explain it . weber I take a lot of risk when I choose you . but it be clearly the best decision I have ever make . louise thank you for believe in I . weber Goodbye Louise . louise Goodbye . Louise step out and walk towards the house . louise ( v.0 . ) so that be you story , dear Hannah . int . lake house - day 121 Louise stand in the empty room that we know be Hannah 's . int . lake house — day ( flashback ) Al 21 quick pop : the artwork of Hannah 's , with the stick figure . int . university classroom - day ( flash forward ) b121 quick pop : Louise teach a group about logogram . on she right hand be a sparkly engagement ring . hx kx oe 122 123 buff ( 08/20/2015 ) 116a . louise ( v.o. ) it 's also the ongoing story of we people . I can see moment as we prepare for the future . Ian be right : it 's about choice . omitted 122 int . louise 's foyer - evening 123 the front door open : it 's ian . dress up as nicely as he can be . bottle of wine in hand . Louise be dress beautifully . with a new haircut : short . just like the flashback . ian wow . you look amazing . ( be : hair ) the change fit you well . 124 al24 b124 c124 yellow ( 06/11/2015 ) 117 . int . lake house - night 124 Louise step in , carry she wine glass . louise ( v.0 . ) I be about to make a choice , too . one that I will have to live with forever . this be the same scene as the first . shot for shot . she find the message write on glass : '' do you want to make a baby ? '' beat . the twinkle in she eye , the thoughtful moment ... it all breathes here . louise ( v.o . ) in some way this choice save the world , but I be not think about that , Hannah . I never be . final series of shot : int . lake house - hannah 's room - day ( flashback ) al24 Louise cradle newborn hannah in she arm . Hannah crook she tiny hand around Louise 's finger . ext . lake house - day ( flashback ) b124 four-year - old hannah dress as a cowgirl . hannah stick ‘em up ! int . lake house - day ( flashback ) c124 Hannah , age 12 , get ground : d124 e124 125 Blue draft ( 05/06/2015 ) 118. hannah when do I get to live my own life ? int . mercy hill general hospital -— day ( flashback ) d124 Louise stand with dr . J. bydwell in a hospital hall . she 's hide she face in she hand . bydwell reach out and put a consol hand on she shoulder . her body shift from a sob . int . hospital ~ patient room - night ( flashback ) e124 Hannah , on she death bed in the hospital . holding Louise 's hand . the two cling to each other . louise ( v.o. ) I be just think about you . ext . lake house balcony - night 125 Louise touch the glass where the question be write ... '' do you want to make a baby ? '' ian step into view , with a wine glass in he hand , too . ian well ? do you ? she smile broa louise yes . and now we stay here a moment longer than the open scene , and see that while Louise be smile , a tear slip down she cheek . she be both the happiest and the saddest right now . because she know what happen next . fade to black . the end