arsenic and old lace written by julius J. &amp ; Philip G. Epstein adapted from the play by Joseph kessel credit credit roll , in white letter , on several funny cartoon , all of they about witch and witchcraft ( a caldron over a fire , with two witch on either side of it - a close - up of one of the witch - a witch fall down from the sky on she broomstick , and loose she hat in the fall - a furious black cat spitting at a owl seat on a branch - a carafe with two glass , actually a direct reference to the film - a Halloween pumpkin press she two forefingers in its ear , with music note around it - Black bat fly over a village ) . brooklyn - general overview - exterior day a general overview of Brooklyn , near New York , see from the roof of a very high building . written in white letter on this overview , the follow word : this be a hallowe 'en tale of Brooklyn , where anything can happen -- and it usually do . then : at 3 p.m. on this particular day , this be happen - several white circle move on the screen , then the whole screen be cover by a huge base ball , with '' brooklyn» write on it in black letter . baseball game - spectator - exterior day Close - up of the face of man , scream : baseball fan I will knock you block off , you big stiff ! you be a bum ! the camera move away , so we can see the other baseball spectator behind the first one . baseball field - exterior day General view of a baseball field , where a game be be play . follow several very quick sequence ( one or two second each ) : a general view of the spectator . then a player throw a ball . then a very excited brass band play . then a few very excited spectator . then another player throw a ball . finally we see a batter miss he ball . we hear the umpire , stand behind the catcher and heavily cover with a protection suit , yell : the umpire Strike ! you be out ! the batter , who miss the ball , drop he bat on the ground and come back to the umpire . he tear the umpire helmet and mask away , and give he a good punch in the nose . the umpire fall on the ground . the catcher then hit the batter . the umpire rise slowly from the ground . several very quick sequence : the ball - thrower drop he glove and run to the fight . then several excited spectator stand up to join the fight . several player , who be wait for they turn to go on the field , also run to the fight . then a view of the fight , where all the player be hit each other . then the popcorn seller , drop he basket to join the fight . then spectator jump over the balustrade to join the fight . then another view of the player fight . then a final view of the umpire , lay on the field and lean on one elbow , and quietly munch some food . new york - a bridge - exterior day we see a large view of a bridge with a white boat pass underneath . written in large white letter on the screen , the word : while at the same time across the river in the UNITED state proper there be a romance in the air . MARRIAGE license bureau - interior day Close - up on the sign '' MARRIAGE license bureau» , with people pass underneath . a excite girl voice elmer , here it be . a more quiet male voice I know you would find it . another male voice Boy , I could sure use a drink . the camera get down from the sign to floor level . two journalist be approach , one equip with a camera . the photographer I wonder if any big shot be get marry today ? they stop at the door of the room . larger view of the room , where several people be , either stand in a queue , either sit at a table and fill form , either chat in group of two or three back to the two journalist still stand a the door . the other journalist look like the same sucker get marry every day . he look around for a few second , then start to move away . the other journalist come on . the photographer make he come back . he point to someone in the room . the photographer hey , the guy with the cheater . in a line of people queue in front of a counter , we see mortimer brewster , with a hat and a pair of large dark glass . he turn around and notice the two journalist look at he . he raise the collar of he black coat to try to hide he face . the girl in front of he turn around to look at he . she have blonde curly hair and wear a hat with a strange white feather . she be Elaine harper . with both he hand , mortimer turn she face back toward the counter . back to the two journalist at the door of the room . the other journalist now what 's he hide from ? he start move to get a better look at mortimer . mortimer move in front of Elaine , who smile . the two journalist be now in the room , and they look at mortimer . the other journalist hey , be not that mortimer brewster ? the photographer mortimer brewster , the dramatic critic ? mortimer look very embarrassed . back to the two journalist . the other journalist no , it 's not he . but what a scoop it would be ! the guy who write the bachelor 's Bible finally get hook himself . nope . it 's too good to be true . come on , let 's snap the mayor in he new fire helmet and go home . the photographer hey , let 's stick around , and see who the guy be . back to the line of people wait in front of the counter . the marriage clerk be stand behind a set of metal bar . a couple of people leave the counter . it 's now mortimer and Elaine 's turn . the marriage clerk sing : the clerk " two by two they come and go . hip hip hig hay ! " he smile to mortimer and Elaine . the clerk good morning , child . you name , please ? elaine Elaine harper . she speak in a very soft voice . the clerk put he hand around he ear . the clerk speak a little louder . she speak louder . elaine Elaine harper . the clerk thank you . your ? mortimer come very close to the bar above the counter and whisper . mortimer mortimer brewster . the clerk put he hand back around he ear . the two journalist be strain they own ear to be able to understand mortimer 's name the clerk how 's that ? mortimer raise he glass , but still whisper . mortimer mortimer brewster . the clerk speak up , sonny . there 's nothing to be afraid of . mortimer bend down , put he chin at the counter level . then he stand up again , and open the gate in front of the clerk . he knock he head on the bar above the gate . he straighten he hat , and bring he face close to the clerk 's one . he still whisper . mortimer I want to keep this undercover . the clerk Love she ? but of course you love she . you be go to marry she , be not you ? mortimer no - no , you do not understand . come here , come . with he finger , he signal the clerk to come close to he . mortimer you see , I do not want this to get out for a while . I be mortimer brewster . the clerk you be who ? mortimer stop control himself and start yell mortimer mortimer brew ... he do not finish tell he name , take Elaine 's hand , and run outside the room , drag Elaine behind he . the two journalist react to the news . the other journalist that 's he ! they start run after mortimer . corridor outside the MARRIAGE bureau - interior day still drag Elaine , mortimer run in the corridor . the other journalist ( voice over ) mister brewster ! mortimer push Elaine into a telephone booth and enter behind she . there be already a man in the booth who be use the phone . with three people in the booth , mortimer can hardly close the door behind he . the two journalist run in the corridor . the other journalist oh , mister brewster ! but they pass the booth without notice that mortimer be inside . in the booth , the man , still hold the phone receiver , try to protest the intrusion . the man on the phone now , look ... mortimer take the receiver from he and speak into it . mortimer Goodbye , dear . he hang up the receiver , and then push violently the man outside the booth . the man look very angry , but do not try to come back in the booth . in the booth , a very exciter mortimer be talk to Elaine . mortimer do not you understand ? how can I marry you ? I , the symbol of bachelorhood . I have sneer at every love scene in every play . I have write four million word against marriage ! not only hook , but to a minister 's daughter , and not only a minister 's daughter but a girl from Brooklyn . and look at the way you look ! what be that sort of contraption you have get there ? he tap on a pin on the lapel of Elaine 's jacket . elaine that 's a pin I borrow from you aunt . you know what they be say , " something borrow ... " mortimer yeah , I know that " something borrow , something blue . " Old , new . Rice and old shoe . carry you over the threshold . Niagara Falls . all that silly tripe I make fun for year . be this what I have come to ? I can not go through with it . I will not marry you . and that 's that . he take he glass off . Elaine whisper : elaine yes , mortimer . mortimer what do you mean , '' yes , mortimer» ? be not you insulted ? be not you go to cry ? be not you go to make a scene ? elaine no , mortimer . mortimer and do not '' no , mortimer» I , either ! do not you see marriage be a superstition . it 's old - fashioned . it 's ... a ... a ... ohh !... he kiss she very passionately . he stop kissing she , and get out of the booth , drag she behind he . they enter the marriage bureau . MARRIAGE license bureau - interior day they get back a the end of the line of people wait to be marry . the girl in front of Elaine wink to Elaine . Elaine wink back to she . a man in front of the girl turn toward mortimer and smile to he , in a slightly idiotic way . mortimer look at he , a bit surprised , and give he a force smile , show he tooth . brooklyn - residential district - exterior day we see a street in Brooklyn , in front of nice house . written on the screen in large white letter : and now , back to one of Brooklyn 's most charming residential district -- brooklyn - churchyard - exterior day a churchyard , with a close - up on a tombstone : '' Jacob John vendemeer die 1654 '' . written on the screen in large white letter : -- from she in you be on you own . we see the gate of the churchyard , with a plate that say : '' this cemetery be establish in april 1654 '' along this gate , two cop be do they beat . the older one , sargent brophy , be talk to the young one , Officer Patrick o'hara . brophy o'hara , do not be a jerk . you do not seem to realize . I be turn over to you the nicest , the best beat in Brooklyn . now look at that old church . and they old house . o'hara do George Washington ever do any sleep around here ? brophy of course he do . well , this whole neighborhood just stink with atmosphere . and look at that old house there . brewster residence - exterior day walk they beat , the two cop have come outside the brewster sister residence . o'hara be the original owner still over there ? brophy now , do not crack wise about the brewster sister . they be two of the dearest , sweetest , kindest old lady that ever walk the earth . they be out of this world . they be like ... they be like press rise leave . they have come near a police call box . brophy take a key out of he pocket to open the box o'hara press rise leave ? in front of the house , there be a '' room for rent» sign . while brophy pick up the phone in the call box , o'hara look at the sign . o'hara the old girl must be kind of hard up , huh ? brophy no , no . they old man leave they fix for life . and do not you call they '' the girls» , either . brophy start talk in the receiver of the call box . brophy brophy . be Lieutenant around ? o'hara then , so why here do they rent a room for ? brophy they do not rent room . but you can bet if anybody come look for a room , they would not go away without a good meal and probably a couple of buck in they pocket . that 's just they way of digging up people to do good to . we get a closer view of the front of the house . a large rectangular stone , with '' brewster» engrave on it . a group of child run in front of the house . brewster residence - sitting room - interior day in the forefront of the room , teddy brewster be play mozart 's turkish March on the harpsichord . he look a bit like late President Theodore Roosevelt . and he be dress like the President be dress on the official picture we have get of he ... and , like the President , he be wear a pince - nez . in another corner of the room , Abby brewster be have tea with reverend harper , Elaine 's father . she look like a old English lady , a bit like agatha Christie 's miss marple . ABBY reverend harper , I do hope you do not disapprove of mortimer just because he 's a dramatic critic and take you daughter to the theater every night . reverend harper it 's not so much that I disapprove of he be a critic , but no man , no man with this publish attitude on marriage ... Close - up on the book reverend harper just take on the table : '' Marriage , a fraud and a failure , by mortimer brewster» . reverend harper ... should take any man 's daughter anyplace ... he sneeze . reverend harper ... at any time . he sneeze again , louder this time . teddy stop play and there be a puzzle look in he eye . teddy I must be catch cold . ABBY ( to teddy ) no , dear . it be reverend harper who sneeze . ( to reverend harper ) bless you . teddy put back in he pocket the handkerchief he have take out and start play again . ABBY we must not be angry with mortimer . he 's so very much in love with she . and sister martha and I be so happy about it . he use to come to see we only occasionally , and now , now he 's in Brooklyn six night a week . brewster residence - exterior day the two cop , brophy and o'hara , be mount the step to the brewster sister house . brophy remember now , watch you language . o'hara besides , you know I be not a swear man . brophy you would be surprised what they would consider swear . he ring the doorbell . brewster residence - sitting room - interior day at the sound of the doorbell , teddy stop play . ABBY oh , will you excuse I ? she get up from she armchair . ABBY no , no , teddy , dear . thank you . I will go . she go to the door and open it . ABBY oh , come right in , Mr. brophy . the two cop get in . brophy miss Abby , we come for the toy . ABBY oh yes . o'hara close the door . brophy this be Officer o'hara . he 's take over my beat . o'hara how be you do ? ABBY May I welcome you to we neighborhood , mister o'hara . teddy , with he teacup in hand , join the group . he speak with a very serious expression on he face . teddy gentlemen , what news have you bring I ? brophy salute he and stand at attention . brophy Colonel , we have nothing to report . teddy give a intrigue look to o'hara , who do not seem to understand . brophy elbow he with the arm which be still salute . o'hara huh ? he eventually understand what he sargent be try to tell he . o'hara oh no , absolutely nothing to report . he salute but with a less official attitude than he sargent . teddy smile . teddy splendid ! thank you , gentleman . ( very serious again ) at ease . brophy put he arm down . o' hara look at he sargent with a perplex expression , and take longer to put he arm down ABBY you know the reverend Doctor harper from the church next door ? brophy hello , reverend . this be Officer o'hara , the new man on the beat . teddy look at o'hara with a puzzle expression . o'hara how do you do , sir ? it 's nice to meet you . o'hara look ill at ease under teddy 's stare . ABBY the toy be on the chair up here , by the library door . o'hara move toward the pile of toy . teddy 's eye be follow he with the same puzzle expression . o' hara feel less and less at ease . ABBY oh , teddy , will you run upstairs and bring down you Army and navy from aunt martha 's room . they be all pack . reverend harper that 's splendid work you man do , fix up discard toy for the kid at camp . teddy , who have start to mount the stair to the upper level , stop in he stride , pretend he be take a sword out of a sheath at he side , point this imaginary sword in front of he and start run up the stair , yell : teddy charge ! when he arrive on the balcony , on which open the bedroom door , he rush into he room and slam the door . while bophy and reverend harper remain unmove , o'hara , who be stand by the grandfather 's clock , jump and look at the clock , which chime once . the minute hand of the clock fall down to the half -hour position . o'hara be very disturb and point he stick to he sargent , who seem to be totally unmove by the event and laugh with reverend harper and Abby . brophy it give we something to do as we be sit around the station . you get tired of play card . Abby move away from they to the grandfather 's clock . she put the minute hand back into its original position . brophy and reverend harper join she by the clock . brophy so this be the toy ? o'hara pick up the box in which the toy be stock . ABBY how 's missis brophy ? brophy oh , she 's better , thank you . but a little weak , still . ABBY well , I will better get some beef broth for you to take to she . brophy oh , miss Abby , please do not bother . you have do so much already . ABBY oh , stuff and nonsense ! I will not be a minute . she move away and exit into the kitchen . reverend harper gentlemen , if I know what pure kindness and absolute generosity be , it 's because I have know the brewster sister . on the balcony , teddy get out of he room with a bugle , and start play it very loudly . o' hara jump and drop the box with the toy on the floor . reverend harper and brophy seem to be less move by the event . brophy stand back and point he finger up to teddy . brophy oh , teddy , you promise I you would not do that anymore . teddy , still stand on the balcony , answer he lean on the balustrade . teddy but I have to call a cabinet meeting to get the release of that supplies . brophy now do not do that again . do you hear I ? teddy go back into he room , slamm the door behind he . the grandfather 's clock chime once , and the minute hand fall back to the half - hour position . o' hara jump and look at the clock . brophy he use to do that in the middle of the night , and neighbor raise cain with I . they be a little afraid of he anyway . o'hara look , sarge , I promise you I would not swear , but what the heck ... he stop in the middle of he sentence , give a quick look to reverend harper , and correct himself . o'hara ... what 's go on here anyway ? reverend harper oh , he 's quite harmless . brophy he think he 's teddy Roosevelt . so what , there 's a lot of worse guy he could think he be . o'hara huh ? o'hara give a quick look toward the upper landing , and then nod . o'hara that 's right . I will make a note of it . he 's a very interesting character . brophy be not it a shame , Father , be not it a shame , reverend , that a nice family like this should be hatching a cuckoo ? the front door open and martha brewster come in . like she sister , she look like a old English lady . she be wear a short cape and a hat , and she carry a cylindrical can with a handle . she close the door . martha oh , well , now , be not this nice ! she go to brophy and the reverend . brophy good afternoon , miss brewster . martha how do you do , Mr brophy ? reverend harper good afternoon , miss brewster . o'hara have pick up the toy and he join the group . martha reverend harper , how do you do ? brophy oh , miss martha , this be Officer o'hara . he 's take over my duty . o'hara how do you do , mar 'am ? martha I be very glad to know you . Abby come out of the kitchen , carry a cylindrical can , similar to the one she sister be carry o'hara thank you . Abby join the group . ABBY oh , martha , you be back . she give the can to brophy . meanwhile , martha have take she cape off . ABBY here 's the broth for missis brophy . be sure it 's good and hot . brophy you bet I will , and thank you very much . teddy be get down the stair , carry a box full of toy under he arm . he stop a few step from floor level teddy the Army and navy be ready for action . he resume he walk down the stair . brophy oh , Colonel , this be grand . it will make a lot of kid happy . brophy take the box from teddy . teddy look into the box o'hara be carry , and take a model warship out of the box . teddy what 's this ? the Oregon ? martha oh , teddy , dear , put it back . she have take she hat off . teddy but the Oregon go to Australia . ABBY now , teddy ... teddy tuck the model ship under he arm . o' hara look at he with puzzle eye . teddy no , it go to Australia . brophy this be lovely . thank you very much . ABBY not at all . brophy move toward the front door . o' hara follow he , still look at teddy . teddy do not seem to like the way he look at he , and move the toy ship away from he . brophy the child will go crazy . he have reach the front door . Abby have move near the door , ready to open it for he . ABBY oh , now , do not mention it . o'hara salute teddy . o'hara well ... so long , Colonel . teddy look at he and then look at brophy , who do not salute he . o'hara elbow he sargent with the arm which be salute . o'hara hey , sarge . brophy hey ? brophy look at teddy and understand the situation . he also salute teddy . brophy oh , yes . teddy salute they . teddy dismiss ! brophy and o'hara bring they arm down . brophy well , goodbye and thank you . ABBY good bye . Abby open the front door . the two cop start go out , brophy first . ABBY careful of the step here now with the toy . brophy good night . o'hara go out , and then come one step back and show he face behind the door . he wink to teddy . teddy raise he eyebrow . teddy Young man , let that be a lesson to you . o'hara chuckle , then make a strange face , and go out . ABBY Goodbye . she close the door , and go back to she sister and reverend harper . ABBY well ... reverend harper well , I must be go . teddy , still carry he model warship , start mount the stair , stop after a few step , take he imaginary sword out , point it forward and run upstairs , yell : teddy charge ! he reach the balcony , turn toward the balustrade and yell . teddy charge the blockhouse ! he go into he room and slam the door behind he . we hear the grandfather 's clock chime once . reverend harper look up at the balcony , then turn to the brewster sister with puzzle eye . reverend harper blockhouse ? martha oh , the stair be always San Juan Hill . reverend harper oh , I ... but reverend harper do not finish he sentence and sneeze very loudly . he take he handkerchief out of he pocket to put it under he nose . ABBY bless you ! reverend harper have you ever try to persuade he he be not teddy Roosevelt ? ABBY oh , no ! she go to the grandfather 's clock . martha oh , he 's so happy be teddy Roosevelt . Abby move the minute hand of the clock back in place . ABBY oh , do you remember , martha ? she come back to she sister and reverend harper . ABBY once , a long time ago , we think if he would be George Washington , it might be a change for he , and we suggest it . martha and do you know what happen ? he just stay under he bed for day and would not be anybody . reverend harper laugh . reverend harper well , if he 's happy , and what 's more important , you be happy ... he start walk toward the front door , follow by the brewster sister . he reach the door and open it . martha oh , we only worry for teddy be after we be go . they all go out . brewster residence - exterior day the three of they be come out of the house . reverend harper yes , indeed . that be quite a problem . ABBY but mortimer 's make all the arrangement for teddy to go to happy Dale sanitarium after we pass on . reverend harper splendid idea ! a very pleasant place . martha yes ... reverend harper put he hat back on he head , and start walk toward he own house . ABBY dear , sweet reverend harper . the two sister look at he . we see he cross the churchyard and enter he house . ABBY you know , martha , I really do believe he 's beginning to see the light . they start walk back to the door of they house . martha I be sure we need not worry about he . he will not interfere with we plan for mortimer and Elaine . brewster residence - sitting room - interior day the two sister enter they house . martha close the door . martha oh , do you just have tea ? ABBY yes . and dinner 's go to be late , too . martha ohh ! why ? they both turn they head toward the stair , because they just hear teddy 's door slamm . ABBY teddy ?... she go to the stair , follow by martha . teddy be come down . ABBY oh , teddy , good news for you . you be go to Panama and dig another lock for the canal . she point she finger toward the cellar door . martha seem delighted by the news . teddy delighted ! he rub he hand teddy that 's bully ! just bully ! I shall prepare at once for the journey . he start mount the stair , stop and go back a few step down , take he imaginary sword out , point it forward , and run upstairs , yell : teddy charge ! before teddy slam he door , Abby put she hand on the face of the clock to prevent the minute hand fall down . martha Abby ! while I be out ? ABBY yes , dear . I just could not wait for you . I do not know when you would be back , and reverend harper be come . martha but all by yourself . ABBY oh , I get along fine . martha I will run right downstairs and see . she go to the cellar door . ABBY no , no , dear . there be not time . and I be all alone . martha look around in the room , then look at she sister with question eye . martha well ? ABBY martha , just look in the window - seat . she point to the large chest - bench under the window . martha seem delighted and both sister go to the window - seat . they bend down to raise the lid of the seat , when someone tap on the window above the seat . the two sister stand up and move the curtain revealing Elaine 's face . ABBY oh ! it 's Elaine ! Elaine raise the window and kiss the two sister . elaine you , darling . she wink at they , and then run away . martha but , Elaine ! ABBY what do she mean ? you do not suppose they have go and ... martha put she hand over she mouth . brewster residence - exterior day a taxi cab have stop in front of the brewster sister house . the driver be half inside the back of he car , apparently look for something . mortimer be already out of the cab . he be whistling . he raise he hand and yell : mortimer Elaine ! Elaine be crossing the churchyard to go to she father 's house . she stop and turn around to look at mortimer . on one of the tombstone be engrave the name '' amanda brewster» and the date : '' 1813-1863». the brewster sister , who be bend out of they window to get a better view of the scene , be come back in , look extremely happy . the cab driver give he coat to mortimer . cab driver listen , buddy . this old cab have see osculation but ... he whistle and go back inside the back of the car to look for other miss item . mortimer you be not see anything yet . you have get to drive we to the station . the driver come out of the cab , hold a hat . cab driver you would better take she hat . mortimer oh thanks . the driver go back inside the car . cab driver wait a minute . wait a minute . wait a ... and she brooch . he give mortimer the brooch . mortimer if you find she hairpin , you can keep they . hold on to that . he give he coat back to the driver and run away . cab driver yeah ! mortimer run across the churchyard to meet Elaine . we see the two brewster sister peek behind the curtain of they window . martha there they be . mortimer give Elaine she hat . she do not take it . mortimer here 's you hat . elaine just throw it . I do not like that look in you eye . mortimer what ? what 's the matter ? elaine Father preach in sermon about it only last Sunday . mortimer he do ? he do ? what do he say ? what do he say ? Elaine be try to avoid mortimer by go around a tree . elaine he be against it . mortimer ah ! but that be only Sunday . he chase she around the tree . they laugh . mortimer start clowning . mortimer please ! for heaven 's sake ! elaine but , mortimer , right out here in the open with everyone look ? mortimer yeah ! right out here in the open with everyone look . let everyone in Brooklyn over 16 look . he start chase she again . behind they curtain , the two sister be still peek . they laugh and then slightly move the curtain open a few inch to have a better look . back to the tree . the couple be hide by the tree . they separate and move a little away from each other , each one of they appear on either side the tree . Elaine drag mortimer by the hand from behind the tree . elaine but , mortimer , you be go to love I for my mind , too ? mortimer one thing at a time . she start run away from he . elaine oh ! there 's that look again ! mortimer come slowly from behind the tree , clowning . mortimer '' there 's that look again , mortimer !» you better get use to it . he become more serious and come closer to she . mortimer look like you be go to see it often . it go just before this . he kiss she very passionately . mortimer you know what we be do , darling ? we be waste time . look , I will go tell my aunt and you tell you old ... no , you would better not tell you father just yet . you will run that cold of he into a pneumonia . elaine oh , I can handle Father . he 's a dear . mortimer look , why do not we wire he from Niagara Falls ? elaine Niagara Falls ? mortimer nod . elaine then that 's why you stop at you office . mortimer yes , certainly ! we be go to go the whole hog . Niagara Falls ! everybody ought to go to Niagara Falls . you should have see my secretary 's face when I make the reservation . we have get a draw - room on the train , the bridal suite in the hotel , and tomorrow morning we go over the fall in a barrel . Elaine kiss mortimer very passionately . mortimer go on , darling , hurry and pack . elaine I do not have to . I start pack the day after I meet you . she start move away . he hold she back . mortimer there , you see ! you see ? that 's what I mean . that 's what I hate about woman . mortimer kiss she . back to the cab driver who be pace in front of he car . he rub he chin . cab driver I wonder what Mary 's do now ? mortimer and Elaine be still kissing . mortimer let go of Elaine . he put she hat on she head . mortimer go on , darling , the train leave in a hour , and hurry . elaine it will be a few minute before I be ready . Father may want to pray over I a little . she move away . mortimer whistle when you be ready . oh , Elaine ... she turn around . elaine yeah . mortimer when you whistle , open the front door fast . if you see a tall , dark streak of light , it 's I . he start run toward he aunt ' house . Elaine run to she father 's house . she stop at the door of she house and start whistling . mortimer , who have also reach he door , stop and turn around . mortimer what ? now ? he start run toward she , but she stop he . elaine no , not now ! she open she door . brewster residence - sitting room - interior day the two sister be eagerly wait for mortimer . martha whisper . martha look surprised when he tell we . Abby laugh . they hear a door slamm in the next room . mortimer ( voice over ) aunt Abby , aunt martha ! mortimer rush into the room and throw he hat on a chair . mortimer hold on to you bustles . we be marry . Elaine and I be marry . the two sister hug and kiss mortimer . ABBY oh , darling , how wonderful ! oh , martha , be not it wonderful ? they be marry ! mortimer yeah ! do not pretend to be so surprised either , you two old fraud . can I use the telephone , darling ? ABBY yes , of course . mortimer go to the telephone , follow by he two aunt . ABBY be not it too , too wonderful ? mortimer sit at the small desk on which the telephone be , and whistle while dial . martha and to think that it happen right here in this room ! she dab she nose with she handkerchief . mortimer oh , now , here , here , now ! hello ?... hello ? benson 's florist ? this be mortimer brewster . do you send that rose to missis brewster 's apartment ?... you do ? good . now , send four dozen more to draw room a , canadian Limited , Grand Central Station . yes ... and hurry then . and throw in a flock of orange blossom . he put the telephone receiver back on he hook , and he turn on he chair to face he aunt , he arm rest on the back of the chair . ABBY but before you go , we can have we celebration . I will open a bottle of wine and we will sing . and we will invite a few of the neighbor in . martha and , of course , a wedding cake . mortimer oh , darling , you will not have time to bake a cake . we be go to Niagara Falls . I have get a taxi wait . ABBY oh , it 's all ready . it 's be ready since .. mortimer yeah , I bet it 's be ready since the first day I meet she , huh ? he stand up . mortimer what be it ? do everybody in Brooklyn know I be get marry , except I ? martha oh , we know you would find out about it in time . mortimer laugh and hug he aunt . mortimer come here . I have get the two nicest aunt in the world . of course , you have get the nicest nephew in the world , too . martha move away to the kitchen . martha well , I will run along and get everything ready . ABBY oh , dear . I do hope the reverend be not too angry . you know how you book upset he . mortimer well , I be go to burn all my book . and I will let the reverend harper light the first match . oh , by the way , do I leave some note here for my new book ? ABBY you mean '' mind over matrimony '' ? mortimer yes ! shhh ! where be they ? ABBY I hide they someplace ... Abby turn to go search , and mortimer pat she behind . mortimer come on , come on . let 's go . Abby turn back to he . ABBY now you behave . she go away on she search . mortimer let 's find they before Elaine see they . teddy come out of he room on the balcony . he be dress in full colonial costume , complete with pith helmet . he be carry a shovel and he bugle be stick in he belt . he walk rapidly down the stair . he stop a few step from the ground floor , when he spot mortimer . he seem very happy to see he . teddy hello , mortimer ! they shake hand . mortimer how be you , mister President ? teddy bully , thank you . just bully . what news have you bring I ? teddy take off he pince - nez . mortimer just this , mister President . the country 's squarely behind you . teddy yes , I know . be not it wonderful ? he put he pince - nez back on he nose , and shake hand again with mortimer . teddy well , goodbye . I be off to Panama . teddy walk to the cellar door . mortimer bend slightly . mortimer Goodbye , mister President . before he open the door , teddy turn to mortimer . teddy a new lock for the canal , you know . he open the door , and start walk down the step to the cellar . before the door close back , we can hear he sing : teddy '' oh , tell the news to mother» . Abby be still look for mortimer 's note , and , in a drawer , she find a piece of paper that seem to annoy she . ABBY oh , dear . mortimer do you find that note ? mortimer sense there be something wrong in he aunt 's voice , and walk to she . mortimer what 's the matter ? she hold the paper for mortimer to take it . ABBY there 's a baby picture of you brother Jonathan . mortimer take the picture and look at it . insert - Close - up of the picture . it show a very ugly child with a very strange face . mortimer you ought to put that in the fire with my book . my , what a face ! he give the picture back to Abby . mortimer I remember now . he use to scare grownup with it . mortimer walk away from he aunt . ABBY just the think of Jonathan frighten I . do you remember how he use to cut worm in two with he tooth ? mortimer be search on the small telephone desk . mortimer oh , Jonathan ? oh , he 's probably in prison or hang or something by now . he walk across the room and start search on the table . mortimer I see a play , which have a character in it . remind I of Jonathan . ABBY no ? really ? while talk , they both keep on search everywhere in the room . mortimer yeah . oh , a honey of a lunatic . one of that whodunits call '' murder will out» . ABBY oh , dear ! Abby go into the kitchen . mortimer yeah , what a play . when the curtain go up , the first thing you see be a dead body . while talk , he keep on search and open the lid of the window -seat . he give its inside a quick look and close it back , and then move away . mortimer the next thing ... he stop in he track and look back at the window - seat . he jump back to it , open the lid and close it very quickly . he then sit on the seat with a frighten look on he face . slowly , he kneel down on the floor , and open the lid again , but very slowly . he talk to whatever , or whomever , be in the seat . mortimer hey , mister . he remain a few second seat of the seat , with a very puzzle face . we hear Elaine whistling . mortimer try to whistle back , but no sound come from he mouth . he try again , but with no more success . he seem in shock . he look at the kitchen , then at the seat . there be horror on he face . his two aunt come from the kitchen , sing and carry thing for the celebration . mortimer show a force smile . the two sister put thing on the table , then they come to mortimer , who be still seat on the window - seat . Abby be carry a big bowl of rice , and the two girl start throw rice on he . ABBY happy bridegroom ! martha congratulation , darling ! mortimer never mind that now . I know . mortimer take the bowl from Abby 's hand and put it on a small table . he remain seat while he aunt be stand in front of he . mortimer now , listen , darling . aunt Abby , aunt martha , you know how we have always plan to send teddy to that sanitarium , happy Dale ? ABBY oh , yes , dear . that 's after we be go . they move away to start set the table . ABBY yes , we talk with reverend harper about it . mortimer no , no . teddy 's get to go to happy Dale now . at once ! now , he 's down in the cellar . get he up here right away . martha but , there 's no such hurry as yet , you know . ABBY no ... when teddy 's work on the canal , you can not get he mind on anything else . mortimer stand up and come to the table where he aunt be work . mortimer well , look , darling . look , I be frightfully sorry , but I have get a awful shock for you . he take Abby 's hand in he . mortimer teddy 's kill a man , darling ! martha laugh . martha nonsense ! mortimer ( he yell ) but there 's a body in the window - seat ! ABBY yes , dear . we know . mortimer look even more shocked than before . his two aunt keep on set the table as if nothing have happen . mortimer you know ? martha of course . ABBY yes , but it have nothing to do with teddy . mortimer want to speak , but Abby stop he . ABBY now , mortimer . you just forget about it . forget you ever see the gentleman . mortimer forget ? ABBY we never dream you would peek . mortimer what the ... who be he ? ABBY he 's a mister hoskins . Adam hoskins . that 's really all I know about he , except that he 's a Methodist . martha oh ! he 's a Methodist ? be not that nice . mortimer that 's all you know ? but what 's he do here ? what happen to he ? mortimer be more and more shocked and he aunt , very calmly , keep on put plate and silverware on the table . martha he die . mortimer look , aunt martha , man just do not get into window - seat and die . ABBY no , dear . he die first . mortimer take he aunt ' hand to stop they from set the table . mortimer oh , well , now wait ! stop all this . he take Abby 's hand in he . mortimer now look , darling , how do he die ? ABBY oh , mortimer , do not be so inquisitive . the gentleman die because he drank some wine with poison in it . mortimer but , how do the poison get in the wine ? martha well we put it in wine because it 's less noticeable . when it 's in tea , it have a distinct odor . mortimer you mean you ... ( yell ) you put it in the wine ? ABBY yes . and I put mister hoskins in the window - seat , because reverend harper be come . mortimer seem ready to faint . mortimer ohh ! look at I , darling . he take again Abby 's hand in he . mortimer you mean , you mean you know what you would do and you do not want the reverend harper to see the body ? ABBY well , not at tea . that would not have be very nice . Abby go back table -setting and mortimer hold himself on the edge of the table . mortimer ohh ! it 's first - degree . ABBY now , mortimer , you know all about it and just forget about it . I do think that martha and I have the right to we own little secret . martha walk to the kitchen door , but she stop and turn around . martha oh , Abby , while I be out I drop in on missis schultz . she 's much better . but she want we to take junior to the movie again . ABBY well , we must do that , tomorrow or next day . martha yes , but this time we will go where we want to go . junior 's not go to drag I into another one of that scary picture . the two sister enter the kitchen . ABBY no , they ought not to be allow to make that picture just to frighten people . mortimer remain alone in the room . he have the face of someone who think he be have a nightmare and hope to wake up soon . he go to the telephone desk , pick up the phone and dial '' 0». mortimer Operator ?... can you hear my voice ?... you can ?... be you sure ?... he put the phone down . mortimer then I must be here . brewster residence - exterior day Elaine be appear of she room in she father 's house . she have get she purse and she glove . she play with a large artificial flower . she whistle . brewster residence - sitting room - interior day mortimer , half - seat on the telephone desk , come out of he dream , and go to the window . by sign only , he try to explain to Elaine that he 's get a problem with the window - seat . we do not see she , but we imagine she do not understand , because mortimer rush to the kitchen . brewster residence - kitchen - interior day mortimer rush into the kitchen . mortimer aunt Abby ! aunt martha ! he stop abruptly . a group of costume and mask child be gather behind the window . martha be distribute watermelon , pumpkin and pie to they . the child be say incomprehensible word of thanking . martha close the window on they , and switch on the light . ABBY oh , the dear . be not Halloween a wonderful time for they ? martha yes , it be . they have so much fun . they both go back to they cooking work in the kitchen . martha be prepare some kind of desert in a bowl . martha now , mortimer , do not be so impatient . we will let you lick the bowl out . mortimer lick the bowl ? I do not want to lick the bowl . I want to know what we be go to do ! martha well , we be go to celebrate , dear . mortimer celebrate ? there 's a body in the window - seat ! ABBY yes , dear . mister hoskins . mortimer oh , I know what he name be . I just want to know what we be go to do . we can not turn you over to the police . mortimer pace the kitchen , while he aunt be busy cooking . ABBY yes . you just should get stop worry about it . martha we tell you to forget the whole thing . mortimer ( yell ) forget ? look , my dear aunt martha , can not I make you realize that something have to be do ? Abby leave the stove where she be work and come to the table . ABBY now , mortimer , you behave . you be too old to be fly off the handle like this . mortimer but , but mister hodgekiss ... ABBY hoskins , dear . mortimer but whatever he name be , you can not leave he in there . martha we do not intend to , dear . ABBY no , teddy 's down in the cellar now , digging the lock . mortimer look very shocked . mortimer oh , you mean you be go to bury mister hodgekiss in the cellar ? martha oh , yes , dear . that 's what we do with the other . mortimer look , here , aunt martha . you can not ... he come close to the table where martha be work . and all of a sudden , he seem to realize what she just say . mortimer other ? martha the other gentleman . mortimer oh ! when you say «others» , do you mean qother '' ? more than one qother '' ? martha laugh . martha oh , yes , dear . let I see now . this be eleven , be not it , Abby ? ABBY oh no , dear . this make twelve . martha Abby , dear , I think you be wrong . this one be only eleven . ABBY no , dear , because I remember when mister hoskins first come in , it occur to I that he would make just a even dozen . mortimer seem completely deject and he sit down , not even listen to he aunt anymore . martha but , look , Abby dear , I really do not think you should count the first one . ABBY oh , I be count the first one , and that make it twelve . martha it do ? Abby , who be suck she finger , nod to answer . martha well , she 's probably right . Abby usually be . I get they mix up sometimes . mortimer make it twelve . well ... the telephone ring . mortimer put he hand to he ear . mortimer hello ? he suddenly realize that he do not have a telephone in he hand . mortimer oh ! he rush out of the kitchen . ABBY well , whatever be the matter with mortimer today ? martha why , Abby , what do you think happen to he ? they walk out of the kitchen . brewster residence - sitting room - interior day mortimer sit at the telephone desk and pick up the phone . mortimer hello ? we hear some whistling , come from the telephone . mortimer take the receiver a bit away from he ear , surprised . then he take it back . mortimer not now . not now . for heaven 's sake , keep you shirt on ! he slam the phone down on he hook . then he realize he have be rude , and pick it up again . mortimer oh ... oh , Elaine , I do not mean ... he realize there be no one on the phone , and put it back down . mortimer now , let 's see . where be we ? twelve . ( he yell ) twelve ! he jump from he chair and rush toward the kitchen . but , when he see he two aunt set the table , he stop and go to they . martha yes , dear . Abby think we should count the first one . mortimer never mind about that . just sit down . martha sit down . mortimer now , tell I , who be the first one ? ABBY mister midgely . he be a Baptist . martha he be such a lonely , old gentleman , mister midgely be . ABBY all he kith and kin be dead . martha we feel so sorry for he . ABBY and then , when he heart attack come , and he sit there dead in that chair , look so peaceful . remember , martha ? we make up we mind , then and there , that if we could help other lonely , old man to find that same peace , we would . mortimer why , you poor ... you mean , he drop dead right in this chair ? mortimer realize it 's the chair he 's sit on , and stand up very quickly . ABBY and then , you see , teddy come up from digging in Panama , and he think mister midgely be a yellow - fever victim . and that mean he have to be bury immediately . mortimer so ? martha so , we all take he down to Panama , and put he in the lock and give he a decent Christian burial . there , now you see ? ( she stand up ) that 's why we tell you not to bother about it , because we know exactly what 's to be do . mortimer be sit on the table , and seem not to know what he must do next . but he suddenly stand up . mortimer wait a minute ! he rush to he aunt . mortimer come here , darling . what about the other ? all twelve of they do not walk in here and drop dead . ABBY oh , no , dear . of course not ! mortimer well , so , so ... Abby whisper something in martha 's ear . martha look at mortimer , smile , and whisper back in she sister 's ear . martha mortimer . mortimer wh ... what ? martha do you remember that jar of poison that be on the shelf in grandfather 's laboratory all this year ? ABBY you know you aunt martha 's knack for mixing thing . you have eat enough of she piccalilli . martha well , dear , for a gallon of elderberry wine , I take one teaspoonful of arsenic , then add half a teaspoonful of strychnine . and then , just a pinch of cyanide . mortimer mmmm ! should have quite a kick . ABBY yes , as a matter of fact , one of we gentleman find time to say : '' how delicious !» mortimer he do ? well , be not that nice of he ? martha Abby , we must not be stand here gossipe all night . well , we must get that cake frost . she move toward the kitchen , follow by Abby . mortimer oh no , darling , do not worry about the cake . I could not eat a thing . ABBY oh , you newlywed ! a sip of wine will give you a appetite . mortimer that would be nice , darling , a sip of ... a sip of wine ! he stand up . mortimer wine ! he want to move away , but he foot get entangle in the back of a chair , and he almost fall down . brewster residence - exterior day Elaine appear at the window of she room . she be arrange the artificial flower on the lapel of she jacket . she move away from the window . the cab driver be still pace on the sidewalk near he car . brewster residence - sitting room - interior day mortimer close the drape between the sit - room and the next room . he then go to the cellar door and open the door ajar . a cat meow and come out through the open . we hear teddy sing down in the cellar . mortimer I be beginning to think the cat 's in on this . he listen to the sing come from the cellar . mortimer he 's wonderful . happy as a lark . sing away , digging lock . he close the cellar door . mortimer get he work on a yellow - fever victim . oh , I can see the headline now : '' murder incorporator ride again» right across the front page . let I see ... teddy ! of course . everybody know he 's crazy . let I see . who can I call up ? dewey , La guardia , winchell ? no , winchell 's no good . Old judge cullman ! he start move across the room , put he hand in the inside breast pocket of he jacket . mortimer I wonder if I get he number . he get a couple of ticket out of he pocket . he sit at the small telephone desk . mortimer what be I do with ticket ? he throw the ticket on the desk . he pick up the phone , and start dial . mortimer information ... hello ? information ?... get I the number of judge cullman on North shore Road , Brooklyn . yeah , would you call I back ? brewster residence - exterior night the night have come . Elaine be walk very rapidly on the sidewalk . she pass near the taxi . the driver open the door for she , but she keep on walk . brewster residence - sitting room - interior night mortimer be stand by the window - seat . all the drape be close . he bend down . mortimer how it would be marvelous if he be not there . he slowly open the lid of the seat . when the lid be a few inch open , he peek inside . elaine ( voice over ) hey , you ! when he hear Elaine 's voice , mortimer slam the lid down and sit on the seat . elaine think you be tall , dark streak of light . she be stand by the half - open door , and she make the gesture mortimer make when he have tell she the same sentence , earlier in the churchyard . mortimer what be you do here ? elaine what be I do here ? do not you hear I whistle ? mortimer whistle ? oh , yes , yes . I hear you whistle . but ... he stand up and come to she in the middle of the room . he give she a quick kiss . elaine hey , how do I look ? she pivot to show he the way she be dress . mortimer oh , you look fine , you look fine . now , run on home . I will call you up tomorrow . elaine tomorrow ? he push she toward the door . mortimer yeah , you know I always call you up every day or two . she laugh . elaine oh ! you and you gag ! where 's you hat ? come on . the bag be in the taxi . mortimer huh ? taxi ? huh , huh , huh ? she be pull he toward the door . elaine yeah , come on ! mortimer oh , Elaine , I be so sorry . but something 's happen . elaine what would you do , lose you nerve ? hey , where 's that look I be go to see so often ? she take he head to bring she mouth close to he ear , and then she start whistling . he move away and rub he ear . mortimer oh , stop ! do not whistle in my ear , please . elaine mortimer , what be wrong ? look at you hair . he bend down for she to see he hair better . mortimer oh , my God , what color be it ? Quick ! have it turn ? elaine oh , darling , what 's the matter ? what happen ? she start stroking he face . he bend down on she shoulder . mortimer oh , Elaine , if I could only tell you , Elaine . you smell so nice . the phone ring . mortimer jump up mortimer oh ! oh ! he push she out through the open door . mortimer you better go home ! elaine but , darling , we be marry today . mortimer all right , go home , go to bed , get some rest ! elaine Rest ? he slam the door on she , and rush to the telephone . he sit down at the desk and pick up the phone . mortimer who ? who ? judge cullman ? the front door open , and Elaine come back inside the house . mortimer this be mortimer brewster . look , judge , I will tell you why I call you . it 's about teddy . Elaine cross the room and sit on the window - seat . mortimer I have get to come over and see you right away . oh , I be afraid it will not wait until tomorrow , judge . yeah , you see , it 's very , very important . we have get to do something about it immediately . but it 's practically a matter of life and ... mortimer turn he head and see Elaine sit on the window - seat . he drop the phone on the desk , and yell : mortimer Elaine ! Elaine , frighten , jump up from the seat . mortimer rush to she . mortimer will you get out of here ? elaine mortimer , what in the world be go on around here ? I do not even know where I stand ! mortimer anywhere , but do not stand there ! he move she away from the window - seat . elaine but , darling , Niagara Falls ! mortimer if it do , we will let it ! elaine now , wait a minute ! listen . you can not marry I one minute and then throw I out the house the next ! mortimer oh , darling , I be not throw you out of the house ! he lift she and actually throw she out of the house mortimer will you get out of here ? brewster residence - exterior night Elaine bump into a old man , Mr. Gibbs , stand just outside the entrance of the house . he be hold a newspaper in he hand . she come back to the door , but mortimer slam it in she face . brewster residence - sitting room - interior night mortimer lock the door and go back to the phone brewster residence - exterior night Elaine be knock desperately on the door . Gibbs be still behind she . elaine mortimer ! brewster residence - sitting room - interior night mortimer be back sit at the desk and talk into the phone . in the background , we hear Elaine 's pound on the door . mortimer I be sorry , judge . but ... a thing happen . but , judge , about teddy , you see ... elaine ( voice over ) mortimer ! mortimer hold it . you see , judge , it 's he bugle blow . yes , the neighbor have be complain , and the police be all set to throw he into a state institution . brewster residence - exterior night Elaine seem quite angry . elaine how do you like that ? Gibbs show he newspaper to Elaine gibb I read a ad here about a room to rent . elaine oh ! shut up ! she walk away , leave Gibbs at the door . she walk quickly by the taxi . the driver open the door for she , but she walk on with quick step . brewster residence - sitting room - interior night mortimer be still on the phone . mortimer well , I think that if you sign the papers , I can get teddy to commit himself , and get he in happy Dale ... yes , it 's a wonderful place , judge ... you will ?... Fine ! I will be over right as soon as I have make another call . the front door bell ring . brewster residence - exterior night Gibbs be stand by the door , ringing the bell . brewster residence - sitting room - interior night Abby come in the room from the kitchen . mortimer be still on the phone . ABBY doorbell 's ringing , dear . she cross the room to the front door . she open the door , revealing Gibbs . ABBY oh , how do you do ? come in . the kitchen door have remain open , and we see martha still work on she cooking . gibb ( voice over ) I understand you have get a room to rent . hear that , martha drop she cooking and come into the room . ABBY yes ... do step in . Abby open the door wide for he to get in . gibb well , be you the lady of the house ? ABBY yes , I be miss brewster . mortimer ( voice over ) yeah , operator ? give I long distance , please . martha have join she sister . ABBY and this be my sister . another miss brewster . Gibbs take off he hat . gibb my name 's Gibbs . Quick shot on mortimer , still on the phone . he give a quick look toward he aunt , but do not seem interested . ABBY well , do sit down . I be sorry , but we be just set the table for dinner . she move a armchair on the other side of the table . ABBY now , this would be a nice comfortable chair . back to mortimer . mortimer oh. hello , long distance ? I want the happy Dale sanitarium , happy Dale , New York . back to Gibbs and the sister . ABBY be Brooklyn you home ? gibb I have not get a home . I live in a hotel . do not like it . martha a ... be you family Brooklyn people ? mortimer ( voice over ) hello ? hap ... gibb have not get any family . mortimer ( voice over ) well , operator ... ABBY all alone in the world ? gibb yeah . mortimer ( voice over ) no , no ... Abby look at she sister with a know smile . ABBY well , martha .... mortimer ( voice over ) no , happy Dale ... yes . ABBY well , you have come to just the right house . you sit down . she help he sit down in the armchair , while martha be bring a carafe of wine and a glass . mortimer ( voice over ) Dale . '' d» like in «dig» , you know , when you dig a lock . that 's right . '' a» like in «arsenic» . get that ? short close - up on the carafe of wine , now on the table . gibb be there always this much noise ? martha oh ! he do not live with we . mortimer be stand , with the telephone set in one hand , and the receiver on he ear in the other hand . he whisper . mortimer I can see the headline now . oh , please . ( back to normal voice ) hello ? back to the table . gibb I would really like to see the room . well , I do not think I will like it . he stand up and take he hat , which he have put on the table . ABBY the room 's upstairs . Abby be seat at the table , with martha stand behind she . she take the carafe . ABBY wo not you try a glass of we wine before we start up ? gibb never touch it . martha well , we make this ourselves . it 's elderberry wine . gibb elderberry ? he put he hat back on the table and sit down . gibb I have not taste elderberry wine since I be a boy . mortimer ( voice over ) oh ... gibb thank you . Abby start pour the wine in the glass . mortimer ( voice over ) Operator ! well , I do not want the happy Dale Laundry ! I want the happy Dale sanitarium ! sanitarium ! sanitarium ! sanitarium ! yes , like a break record ! Gibbs take the glass from Abby . gibb have you own elderberry bush ? martha no , but the cemetery 's full of they . Gibbs raise he glass . gibb well , skoal . in the background , mortimer be yell louder and louder . Gibbs , who have the glass almost to he lip , put it down . the two sister watch he with expect eye . mortimer ( voice over ) hello , operator ! no , operator , what 's take you so long ? it 's only across the river ! I could swim it faster ! yes ! hello ! hello ... Gibbs , who have take the glass back to he lip , put it down once more . mortimer ( voice over ) what ?... what , they be busy ? busy ? they be busy and you be dizzy ! no , I be not drunk , madam , but you have give I a idea ! a noise of chair and various object fall . mortimer come to the table and take the carafe and a glass . Abby , concentrate on Gibbs raise the glass to he lip again , do not see he , but martha do , and seem very anxious about it . she tap she two forefingers together . martha mortimer ! ah- ah ah-ah !... mortimer keep on pour the wine in the glass mortimer darling , do not «ah - ah ah-ah» , I be nervous . do not do this . Abby see he . she turn around , and very calmly , hold the hand which be hold the glass . ABBY mortimer . not that . he put the glass down , and suddenly realize the situation . he look at Gibbs , who have take the glass to he lip . he yell and Gibbs , frighten , stand up and drop the glass on the floor . mortimer point he finger at he . mortimer get out of here ! do you want to be poison , do you want to be murder , do you want to be kill ? do you ? Gibbs grab he hat and run to the front door . mortimer run after he and fall over a armchair stand in he way . the two sister seem very upset . Gibbs get out and slam the door . brewster residence - exterior night Gibbs run out of the house , and stop by the cab driver , who be seat near he taxi , smoking a cigarette . gibb they ... they be nut ! cab driver hey , you be tell I ! Gibbs run away in the street . brewster residence - sitting room - interior night the two sister be seat on the window - seat . mortimer slowly raise himself from the overturn armchair . mortimer look , you can not do thing like that ! he stand up and put the armchair back on its leg . mortimer now I do not know how I can explain this to you , but it 's not only against the law , it 's wrong . he walk slowly toward they . ABBY oh , piffle ! both sister be sulk . mortimer it 's not a nice thing to do . people would not understand . he point to the front door and the depart Mr. Gibbs . mortimer he would not understand . what I mean be ... well ... this be develop into a very bad habit ! the telephone ring . mortimer oh ... yes ... he go to the desk , sit on the chair , and pick up the phone . mortimer hello ?... who ?... oh , happy Dale sanitarium ? oh , that 's amazing , operator . yeah ... happy Dale ? oh , let I talk to mister witherspoon , please . witherspoon office - interior night witherspoon be sit behind he desk , the telephone receiver to he ear . witherspoon Mr. witherspoon speak ... oh , how do you do , mister brewster ? how be you ? brewster residence - sitting room - interior night mortimer be still at the desk , telephon . mortimer uh ... uh ... well , mister witherspoon , do you ... oh , I be fine , thanks . how be you ? mister witherspoon , do you remember that conversation we have about commit my brother teddy to happy Dale ?... you do ? well , we want to commit he there immediately . witherspoon office - interior night witherspoon oh , dear . oh , dear . oh , that 's too bad . well , I would hope we would not have he for some time yet . well , you see , mister brewster , we have several Theodore roosevelt at the moment , and it would lead to trouble . oh , trouble ... oh , now , if he think that ... look , Mr. brewster , we be a bit short of napoleon at present . the bonaparte . and if ... oh ... oh , I see . of course . well , if you mind be make up . yes . yes . have you have the papers draw up ? brewster residence - sitting room - interior night mortimer no , but I be go to attend to it right now and call you as soon as I have they . thank you , mister ... what ?... all right . thank you , mister witherspoon . he put the phone down . witherspoon office - interior night witherspoon put he phone down witherspoon another Roosevelt . oh , dear , dear . brewster residence - sitting room - interior night mortimer go back to he aunt , still sit on the window - seat . mortimer now listen , darling . I have get to run over to judge cullman 's , but , before I go , I want you to promise I something . martha well , we would have to know what it be first . mortimer well , I love you both very much . and you know I would do anything in the world for you , do not you ? ABBY yes , dear . mortimer all right , then I want you to do one little thing for I , like good girl . ABBY what do you want we to do ? mortimer do not do anything . I mean , do not do anything ! do not let anyone in the house and leave Mr. whosit right where he be . oh ! get off that thing . I can not talk to you ... I can not concentrate . he make they stand up from the window - seat . mortimer now , look , darling , I would not want anything in the world to happen to either of you . ABBY but , what on earth could happen to we ? mortimer well , darling ... anyway , you will do that little thing for I , will not you ? all right . Abby nod . mortimer where 's my hat ? there it be . he leave they to pick up he hat . martha but , mortimer . mortimer ( voice over ) what , darling , what ? martha we be plan to hold service before dinner . mortimer look , could not that wait until I get back ? ABBY oh , and you could join we in the hymn ! mortimer yes , darling , I could join you in the hymn . I will sing with you , I will dance with you , I will do anything . but ... remember , do not let anybody in the house until I get back . you promise ? Abby and martha nod . mortimer good . he put the hat on he head . the hat be ostensibly to large for he . he open the front door ABBY ( voice over ) mortimer ! he be almost out , but he turn around . mortimer what ? Abby point to the hat , but can not talk . ABBY uh-uh-uh-uh !... mortimer stop that «uh-uh-uh» . what be it ? ABBY Mr. hoskins ' hat ! mortimer raise he eye , and tear the have off he head mortimer ohhhh !... he throw the hat away , leave and close the door . brewster residence - exterior night the cab driver be pace back and forth on the sidewalk near he taxi . mortimer come run out of the house . the driver go toward he . cab driver do you still want I to wait here ? mortimer yes ! call I a cab ! cab driver yeah . okay , okay ! they run together and stop in front of the park taxi . the driver wave he arm . cab driver hey , cab !... here you be . another taxi stop near the first one . the driver want to open the back door for mortimer . mortimer do not open it . I will sit with you ! cab driver yeah , that 's right . I can go faster that way . sure . mortimer climb in the front of the taxi , next to the driver . the taxi drive away , and the first driver remain on the street , touch he cap . cab driver wait a minute ! what be I do ? hey ! he pat he own taxi , point he finger to it and wave for the other taxi to come back . cab driver come here ! brewster residence - sitting room - interior night Abby pick up Mr. hoskins ' hat . she brushes it with she hand and give it to martha . ABBY Fancy get nice Mr. hoskins ' hat all muss up . martha shame ! such a nice hat . she cross the room and , take a brush on a cupboard near the window -seat , and start brush the hat . martha you know , Abby , mortimer do not seem to be quite himself today . Abby bring two candlestick on the table ABBY no . oh , well . martha open the cupboard , which be full of man 's hat . she put hoskins ' hat with the other , and then close the cupboard martha well , what be you say about mortimer ? Abby have light the candle . ABBY oh , I think I understand why he seem so upset . martha why ? ABBY he 's just be marry . I believe that always make a man a little nervous . martha oh , yes . the poor dear . she cross the room to the door to switch off the light martha I be so happy for Elaine . oh , Abby ! if mortimer 's come back for the service for Mr. hoskins , we be go to need another hymnal . there 's one up in my room . knock at the front door . through the frost window - panel of the door , we see the shadow of two man . ABBY oh , I will go , dear . martha Abby , we promise mortimer we would not let anyone come in . more knock at the door . martha peek through the drape of a convenient window , a few step above floor - level on the staircase . martha Abby ! two man , and I have never see they before . ABBY be you sure ? martha yes . ABBY let I look . Abby climb the step and come near she sister to peek through the drape martha you look . the two shadow knock again . martha do you recognize they ? ABBY no , they be stranger to I . martha well , we will just have to pretend we be not at home . the front door open . the tallest of the two man , dress in black and wear a large hat , come in first . the other one , short and hatless , follow he . we get a close - up of the face of the tall man , actually Jonathan brewster . it 's full of scar and it make he look a bit like boris karloff in the frankenstein film . he look around the room . jonathan come in , doctor . Doctor Einstein , who be wait at the door , come into the room , and close the door behind he . jonathan this be the home of my youth . as a boy , I could not wait to escape from this house . now I be glad to escape back into it . doctor einstein yes , johnny , it 's a good hideout . he take a small bottle from a inside pocket of he jacket , and take a sip at it . jonathan the family must still live here . I hope there 's a fatte calf await the return of the prodigal . doctor einstein a fatte calf ? oh , johnny , I be so hungry . he come closer to the table . doctor einstein look , johnny . drink . jonathan as if we be expect . doctor einstein yes . jonathan a good omen . Einstein pour some wine from the carafe in a glass . Jonathan take a glass already full on the table . Abby get down the few step , follow by martha . ABBY who be you ? what be you do here ? the two man put they glass down on the table jonathan aunt Abby . aunt martha . it 's Jonathan . martha you , you get out of here ! jonathan I be Jonathan , you know . you nephew , Jonathan . he take he hat off . ABBY oh no , you be not . you be nothing like Jonathan , so do not pretend you be . you just get out of here . she point to the door . jonathan I see you be still wear the lovely garnet ring that grandma brewster buy in England . and you , aunt martha , still the high collar to hide the scar where grandfather 's acid burn you . martha why , he voice be like Jonathan 's . ABBY have , have you be in a accident ? jonathan my face . Doctor Einstein be responsible for that . he 's a plastic surgeon . martha but I have see that face before . do you remember when we take the little schultz boy to the movie and I be so frighten ? it be that face . Jonathan turn around and look harshly at Einstein , who seem a bit uneasy . doctor einstein take it easy , johnny . take it easy . do not worry . the last five year , I give he three different face . I give he another one right away . that last face . I see that picture , too , just before I operate . I be intoxicate . Jonathan grab Einstein 's collar and squeeze it . jonathan you see , doctor , what you have do to I ? even my own family think I be ... Einstein have breathe problem because of Jonathan 's squeezing . doctor einstein johnny , johnny ! you be home in this lovely house . Jonathan let go of Einstein , who walk toward the two sister . doctor einstein you know how many time he tell I about ... about Brooklyn , about this house , and about he aunt he love so much ? they know you , johnny . please tell he so . ABBY well , Jonathan , it 's be a long time . Jonathan sit down . jonathan bless you . it 's good to be home again . Abby turn toward martha , and then go down the few last step to floor level . ABBY well , martha , we must not let what 's on the stove boil over . she pick up the glass on the table . ABBY if you will excuse we for a moment , Jonathan . unless you be in a hurry to go somewhere . she go to the kitchen with the glass . martha pick up the wine carafe , to the disappointment of Dr. Einstein , and follow she sister toward the kitchen . before enter the kitchen , she put the carafe back on the shelf where it be before . she then close the kitchen door after she . doctor einstein well , johnny , where do we go from here ? you know , johnny , we get to think fast . Close - up on the hand of Jonathan play with a metallic brain - teaser . doctor einstein the police , they get picture of that face . I get to operate on you right away . we get to find someplace . we get to find someplace for mister spenalzo , too . while talk , he have take another sip from he bottle . jonathan do not waste any worry on that rat . Einstein stand up . doctor einstein but we get a hot stiff on we hand . jonathan forget Mr. spenalzo . doctor einstein but , johnny , we can not leave a dead body in the rumble seat . you should not have kill he . just because he know something about we , what happen ? Einstein mime the break of a neck with he hand . jonathan we come to he for help and he try to shake we down . besides , he say I look like boris karloff . that 's you work , doctor . you do that to I . doctor einstein no , please , johnny , take it easy . we will find some place and I will fix you up right away . jonathan tonight . doctor einstein yes , tonight , but I have to eat first . the two sister be peek in the room through a small rectangular hole in the door of the kitchen . jonathan this time , I want the face of a absolute nonentity . doctor einstein yes , johnny . I know exactly what I be go to do . he come close to Jonathan and show he on he face what he be go to do to it . doctor einstein you see , I be go to take this piece here and lift it up ... jonathan be careful about the stitches this time . doctor einstein you leave that up to I . I will give you nice little ear and ... jonathan you be careless last time . doctor einstein and new stitches . and on the eye I will do a Schmidt . that 's my specialty . you see , I take it together like this ... jonathan leave the eye alone . leave the nose alone . the scene dissolves to : judge cullman' office - interior day . the judge be sit , study some papers . mortimer be stand at he side . judge cullman poor teddy . I imagine it 's for the best . he drop the papers on the desk and start declaim . judge cullman well ... '' our not to reason why , ours but to do ...» mortimer be very irritate by the judge 's erratic attitude . he put a pen in he hand . mortimer sign right here , please , judge . Excuse I . right there . judge cullman sometimes I think , with the world in its present chaotic state ... mortimer take the pen from the judge 's hand and start signing the papers . mortimer yes , I know , we would all be better off at happy Dale . I sign here as next of kin , do not I ? judge cullman only last week I create a mild sensation at the bar Association , when I say ... mortimer dry the document , and shake the judge 's hand . mortimer yes. Goodbye . good luck , judge . thank you . he walk to the door of the office . judge cullman tell martha and Abby I will be over this week . I have be feel rather lonely . mortimer come back on he step . mortimer no ! no ! oh no ! never tell they you have be lonely . never ! judge cullman why , I ... I ... I ... mortimer come back to the judge 's desk . mortimer judge ! tell I , be you a drink man ? judge cullman why , no . I never indulge . mortimer good ! then you will live longer . he go back to the door . judge cullman of course a little wine now ... mortimer no ! no ! for heaven 's sake , no wine ! no wine ! he go out , slamm the door behind he . the judge look pensively at the door mortimer just close . judge cullman I may be commit the wrong brewster . the scene dissolves to : brewster residence - sitting room - interior night the brewster sister be sit at the table with Doctor Einstein and Jonathan . the dinner be finish , and both man be smoking . ABBY well , I be sure you both want to get to wherever you be go . the two sister stand up from the table . jonathan my dear , sweet aunty , I be so full of you delicious dinner I be unable to move a muscle . doctor einstein yes , it 's nice here . teddy come out of he room on the balcony . he be still wear he colonial costume . he have a book in he hand and a spare pith helmet under he arm . he rush down the stair . teddy I find it ! I find it ! he stop suddenly in the staircase . teddy gentlemen , be seat . Jonathan and Einstein pretend they be stand up , but they immediately sit back in they chair . teddy come down the last step and go toward the table . teddy here it be , gentleman . the story of my life , my biography . he put the book on the table , in front of Einstein . it 's open on a page with a picture . teddy here 's the picture I be tell you about , General . here we be , both of we . President Roosevelt and General goethal at culebra cut . that 's I , General , and that 's you . Einstein look at the picture . doctor einstein my , how I have change ! teddy well , you see , that picture have not be take yet . we have not even start work on culebra cut . we be still digging lock . and now , General , we will both go to Panama and inspect the new lock . he give the spare helmet to Einstein . ABBY no , teddy . not to Panama . doctor einstein oh , maybe some other time , mister President . Panama be a long way off . teddy nonsense ! it 's just down in the cellar . Jonathan , who have not seem to be much interested by teddy 's conversation , suddenly look up . jonathan the cellar ? martha well , we let he dig the Panama Canal in the cellar . teddy General goethal ? Einstein slightly raise the hand hold the cigarette to he forehead . doctor einstein yes , sir . teddy as President of the United States , Commander in Chief of the Army and navy , and the man who give you this job , I demand that you accompany I on the inspection of the new lock . jonathan teddy ! I think it 's time for you to go to bed . teddy I beg you pardon . who be you ? jonathan I be woodrow Wilson . go to bed . teddy no , you be not Wilson . but you face be familiar . let I see ... you be not anyone I know now . perhaps later , on my hunt trip to Africa . yes , you look like someone I might meet in the jungle . Jonathan start stand up with a very menace face . ABBY I think , perhaps , you have better go to bed , teddy . he and he friend want to get back to they hotel . Jonathan sit back in he chair . jonathan General goethal , inspect the canal . Einstein stand up and take he helmet . doctor einstein all right , mister President , we go to Panama . teddy bully , bully ! follow I , General . he open the door to the cellar , then turn toward Einstein , tap on the helmet Einstein be carry and then on he own helmet . teddy it 's down south , you know . Einstein put the helmet on he head . the helmet be too large for he , and get down on he eye . doctor einstein oh ! teddy start go downstairs . before follow he , Einstein turn around to the other . doctor einstein well , bon voyage ! he wave they goodbye and then follow teddy downstairs . Jonathan have remain seat , with both he aunt stand on the other side of the table . jonathan aunt Abby , I must correct you misapprehension . you talk of we hotel . we have no hotel . we come here directly . ABBY this be not you home , and I be afraid you can not stay here . Jonathan stand up and look menacingly at he aunt . while talk , he move closer to they . they look frighten . jonathan Doctor Einstein and I need a place to sleep . you remember that , as a boy , I could be disagreeable . it would not be pleasant for any of we if ... but I do not have to go into detail , do I ? martha perhaps we would better let they stay here tonight . Einstein appear at the door of the cellar . doctor einstein hey , johnny , johnny . come here . Quick . he go back down the stair to the cellar . jonathan oh , I forget to tell you , Doctor Einstein and I be turn grandfather 's laboratory into a operate room . we expect to be very busy . he go to the cellar door . brewster residence - cellar - interior night Einstein be on the staircase , halfway down to the cellar . on the wall behind he , we see the shadow of teddy digging . doctor einstein hey , johnny , down here , what do you think I find ? he take off he helmet . Jonathan join he on the stair . jonathan what ? doctor einstein the Panama Canal . and it just fit mister spenalzo . see the hole he 's digging . four foot wide , six foot long . he just fit ! you would think he know we be bring mister spenalzo along . that 's hospitality . Jonathan smile and look upstairs . jonathan Rather a good joke on my aunt . they be live in a house with a body bury in the cellar . Einstein laugh . doctor einstein hey , how do we get he in here ? jonathan yes , we can not just walk mister spenalzo in through the door . we will bring the car up between the cemetery and the house , and after they have go to bed , we will bring mister spenalzo in through the window . he go back up the stair . Einstein follow he . the shadow of teddy keep on digging . doctor einstein hey , johnny ... brewster residence - sitting room - interior night Jonathan come in through the cellar door , with Einstein follow behind he . his two aunt be still stand up in the room . jonathan we be move the car behind the house . you would better get to bed . he cross the room with Einstein follow he . martha the car be all right where it be until morning . jonathan I do not want to leave it in the street . that might be against the law . he open the front door , and get out , still follow by Einstein . martha Abby ! what be we go to do ? ABBY well , we be not go to let they spend more than one night in this house , for one thing . but what would the neighbor think ? people come in here with one face and go out with another . martha and what be we go to do about mister hoskins ? ABBY oh ! mister hoskins ! it can not be very comfortable for he in there . and he 's be so patient , the poor dear . well , I think teddy have better take mister hoskins downstairs right away . teddy enter by the cellar door . teddy General goethal be very pleased . he say the canal be just the right size . from the table , he pick up the book he have show to Dr. Einstein , and start look at it . ABBY teddy ! teddy , there 's be another yellow - fever victim . teddy dear I ! this will be a shock to the General . ABBY no , teddy , we must keep it a secret . martha yeah ! teddy a state secret ? ABBY yes , a state secret . martha Promised ? teddy you have the word of the President of the United States . Cross my heart and hope to die . he cross he chest and spit on the floor . then , he take he aunt in he arm . teddy now , let 's see . how be we go to keep it a secret ? ABBY well , teddy , I think you would better get back down into the cellar . and then , when I turn out the light , when everything 's dark here , you come up and take the poor man down to the canal . now get along , teddy . teddy cross the room to the cellar door . ABBY and we will come down later and hold service . teddy open the door , and turn around . teddy where be the poor devil ? ABBY ( voice over ) in the window - seat . teddy it seem to be spread . we have never have yellow fever there before . martha Abby . I have never even see mister hoskins ! ABBY oh , my goodness ! that 's right , you be out . well , you just come right along and see he now . you know , he 's really very nice look , consider that he 's a Methodist . both sister go to the window - seat and be ready to lift the lid , when the drape above the seat suddenly open wide , revealing a very menace Jonathan . the two sister back off , frighten . Jonathan slowly climb in through the window , and stand up on the window-seat . jonathan we be bring the luggage through here . he get down from the window - seat . then Einstein appear behind the window , carry a suitcase . Jonathan help he to bring the suitcase in the room . ABBY Jonathan , you room be wait for you . you can go right up . Einstein , still outside the window , give Jonathan another suitcase . jonathan I be afraid we do not keep Brooklyn hour . you two run along to bed . ABBY oh , but you must be very tired . both of you . and we do not go to bed this early . jonathan it 's time I come home to take care of you . behind Jonathan , Einstein have come into the room and be close the window , and then the drape . jonathan ( to Einstein ) take the bag upstairs . Einstein take the two suitcase and start move away . doctor einstein for the instrument , I will come back later . ABBY good night . Einstein slightly bow to Abby . jonathan now , we will all go to bed . ABBY I will wait until you be up and then turn out the light . Einstein have already almost reach the balcony . martha start climb , with Jonathan behind she . jonathan run along , aunt martha . just off the laboratory , Doctor . everybody reach the balcony . Einstein disappear at the end of the balcony , and martha enter she room . Jonathan turn around and look down at Abby . jonathan all right , aunt Abby . ABBY I will be right up . jonathan now , aunt Abby ! turn out the light . Abby go to the switch near the front door , and switch the light off . the room be completely dark . Abby climb the stair , reach the balcony , and walk slowly pass Jonathan , who be still stand at the same place . then , she quickly enter the room she share with she sister , who be hold the door open for she . Jonathan move along the balcony and start climb the stair to the upper floor . he stop after a few step , and see the door of he aunt ' room open slowly . Abby come out . jonathan aunt Abby . Abby quickly go back into the room and close the door . Jonathan resume he climb . the camera move down into total black darkness , and then into the room , where we see some light underneath the cellar door . we hear step , and the door open to reveal teddy , still in he colonial costume , but without the helmet . he stop a few second , then start crossing the room , only light by light come from underneath the kitchen door . we hear the lid of the window - seat creak , and we guess teddy have just open it . shuffle noise . then we see the shadow of teddy carry something apparently heavy . we hear the cat scream , and we guess teddy must have step on its tail . when teddy come into the light from the open door of the cellar , we discover he be carry a human body , which could only be Mr. hoskins ' one take from the window - seat . teddy turn around and start go backward down the step to the cellar . he stop a few second to close the door . then we hear noise of something fall , and we guess that teddy must have miss a step and fall all the way down to the cellar . Black screen during one second . Einstein be go down the staircase , light only by a match he be hold in he hand . doctor einstein he 's all right , johnny . when he get on floor level , he meet Jonathan . jonathan I will open the window . you go round and hand he through . doctor einstein but he 's too heavy for I . he burn he finger and blow the match . the scene become completely dark . we see only shadow . doctor einstein you go outside , johnny , and push , and I will stay here and pull . and then together we take he down to Panama . huh ? jonathan all right . we must be quick . I will take a look around outside the house . when I tap on the glass , you open the window . doctor einstein yeah . Jonathan move to the front door , open it , stop to look around , and then close the door . Einstein walk slowly in the room . doctor einstein it 's dark in here . he bump into something . we hear the lid of the window - seat creak several time . Einstein light another match , and we discover he have fall into the open window - seat , where he be now lie doctor einstein where be I ? oh , here I be . he slowly get out of the seat . doctor einstein who leave this open ? Jonathan tap on the window . Einstein blow the match and open the window . doctor einstein johnny ? we see only shadow in the dark , but we guess Jonathan be hand Mr. spenalzo 's corpse to Einstein , who will then put it in the window-seat . doctor einstein okay , johnny , wait a minute . Hand he over . now I have he . '' allez !» up ! now , wait a minute , johnny . you lose a leg somewhere . hey , help I . he 's so heavy . now I have he . now I get he . jonathan be careful . doctor einstein oh , but he shoe come off . help I , johnny . he 's so heavy . now I have get he ! knock at the door . doctor einstein hey , johnny , somebody 's at the door . go open , quick . I will manage spenalzo . go , quick ! some more knock . we hear the creak of the lid of the window - seat , and we guess Einstein be close it . the front door open slowly , and Elaine enter the house . elaine mortimer ! aunt Abby ! we see the frighten face of Einstein . elaine ( voice over ) aunt martha ! Jonathan enter through the front door leave open by Elaine , close it and lock it . elaine ( look frighten ) who be it ? be that you , teddy ? jonathan who be you ? elaine I be Elaine harper . I live next door . jonathan what be you do here ? elaine I come here to see my husband , mortimer . jonathan why do you say you name be harper ? elaine well , it be harper . I mean , it 's brewster . I be not very use to it . I be a brand - new brewster . Einstein go to the front door and switch the light on . jonathan Doctor ! doctor einstein it 's all right , johnny . it 's okay . Einstein have he little bottle in one hand , and , with the finger of the other hand , he try to explain to Jonathan that the corpse be safely in the window - seat . Jonathan look at Einstein , and then go across the room to look around . he even move the drape of a window to look outside . elaine ( voice over ) maybe you would better explain what you be do here . Jonathan keep on check around . he go to the window above the window - seat , and look outside . jonathan we happen to live here . he spot a orphan shoe on the floor and pick it up . elaine ( voice over ) you do not live here . I have be in this house every day , and I have never see you before . where be miss martha and miss Abby ? what have you do to they ? Einstein try to explain to Jonathan , without use word , that the shoe belong to the corpse in the window - seat . jonathan perhaps we would better introduce ourselves . May I present Doctor Einstein ? he put the shoe on the table , then lift the tablecloth to look underneath it . elaine Doctor Einstein ? jonathan a surgeon of great distinction . and something of a magician . elaine now I suppose you be gonna tell I that you be boris ... jonathan ( cut she very harshly ) I be Jonathan brewster . elaine oh ! you be Jonathan . Jonathan come close to she and look at she in such a strange way that she start walk backward . jonathan you have hear of I ? elaine yes , they talk about you . jonathan what do they say about I ? Elaine stop walk backward . elaine oh , just that there 's another brother name Jonathan , that 's all they say . oh , that explain everything . now that I know who you be , I will just be run along , if you ' will kindly unlock the door . they move to the front door , beside which Einstein be stand , smile . Jonathan unlock the door . he open it a few inch , but stand in the way of Elaine , ready to get out . jonathan '' that explain everything . '' just what do you mean by that ? why do you come here at this time of night ? elaine well , I just think I see mortimer drive up . I suppose it be you . Jonathan slam the door and lock it . jonathan you think you see someone drive up ? he walk menacingly toward she , and she start walk backward across the room . elaine yes . be not you just outside ? be not that you car ? jonathan you see someone at the car ? elaine yes . Einstein start walk behind Jonathan . jonathan what else do you see ? elaine oh , just that , that 's all ! jonathan I see . be that why you come over here ? elaine oh no , I come to see mortimer . but if he 's not home , I will run ... she try to run away , but Jonathan grab she arm and hold it very firmly . jonathan you have give two name . elaine you be hurt I ! jonathan I think she 's dangerous . teddy come in through the cellar door . he have he helmet back on he head and wear heavy work glove . teddy no visitor . it 's go to be a private funeral . he cross the room and start climb the stair . both Jonathan and Einstein be now hold Elaine . elaine teddy ! teddy , tell this man who I be ! teddy stop a few step from floor level . teddy oh , that 's my daughter , Alice . elaine oh , no , teddy ! teddy ! teddy now , Alice , do not be a tomboy . do not play rough with the gentleman . he pull out he imaginary sword and rush up the stair . teddy charge ! he rush into he room and slam the door . elaine teddy ! Elaine start scream . Jonathan hold a handkerchief over she mouth . Einstein run to the front door and switch the light off . jonathan Doctor , the cellar . elaine let go of I ! let go of I ! the cellar door be open , and we see the shadow of the two man drag Elaine down to the cellar . martha what 's the matter ? what 's happen down there ? the light be switch back on , and we see Abby and martha on the balcony , just come out of they room . they be both dress in black funeral clothes . ABBY what 's the matter ? what be you do there ? Jonathan be come alone out of the cellar . jonathan we catch a burglar , a sneak thief . go back to you room . ABBY we will call the police . she start go down the stair , follow by martha . jonathan I will handle this . go back to you room . Abby stop at the top of the stair . jonathan do you hear I ? knock on the door , follow by the doorbell . the two sister start go down the stair . jonathan do not answer that . another doorbell . the two sister be run downstairs . jonathan do not answer that ! Elaine rush through the cellar door , scream . she run into martha 's arm , follow by Einstein . elaine let go of I ! more knock and ringing at the door . Abby go and open the door . mortimer enter the house .. mortimer where 's teddy ? be he upstairs ? Elaine rush to mortimer and hold he by the neck . he get rid of she . mortimer never mind that now , darling , please . he start climb the stair and look , surprised , at martha . mortimer what be you do with you best clothes on ? he suddenly notice Jonathan 's presence and stop mount the stair . mortimer Holy ... what 's that ? what 's that thing there that look like a cigar-store dummy ? ABBY it 's you brother Jonathan , and this be Doctor Einstein . mortimer aunt Abby , do not I tell you not to let anybody in the house ? who do you say it be ? ABBY it 's you brother , Jonathan ! Elaine grab mortimer 's coat , and start talk to he . so do Abby and martha on either side of he . since the three of they be talk together , it be impossible to understand what they say . jonathan I have come back home , mortimer . at the voice of Jonathan , the three woman stop talk mortimer what ? jonathan I have come back home , mortimer . mortimer '' I have come back home , mortimer . '' listen , it talk ! jonathan yes , I talk . mortimer , have you forget the thing I use to do to you when you be tie to the bedpost ? the needle under you fingernails . Elaine grab mortimer 's coat . elaine mortimer , he ... mortimer wait a minute . mortimer walk closer to Jonathan . mortimer Holy mackerel ! it be Jonathan ! jonathan I be glad you remember , mortimer . mortimer yeah , I remember . how could I forget you ? where would you get that face ? Hollywood ? Jonathan be ready to fight with he brother . Einstein grab he arm to stop he and Abby come between they . ABBY oh , do not you two boy start quarreling again the minute you have see each other . martha we invite Jonathan and Doctor Einstein to stay . mortimer what ? martha just for tonight . mortimer oh no , you do not , I be stay here tonight . in fact , I be stay here from now on . Elaine tap on mortimer 's arm . elaine mortimer , what about I ? mortimer there 's no room for anybody else in the house . ( to Elaine ) please , darling , just a moment . ( to Jonathan ) so take that little squirt and beat it ! ( to martha ) now where 's teddy ? I have get to see he right away . be he upstairs ? he start climb the stair . doctor einstein mister brewster ! we do not take up much room . johnny can sleep on the sofa , and I will sleep on the window - seat . mortimer nothing to ... he stop go upstairs mortimer window-seat ? he come back downstairs . mortimer certainly not on the window - seat . I be go to sleep on the window - seat . he cross the room to sit on the window - seat . mortimer I be go to sleep on the window - eat from now on . elaine mortimer ! mortimer stand up and go to Jonathan mortimer now look . now look , Jonathan . now , be a good fellow . here 's ten dollar . go out and haunt yourself a hotel . Jonathan throw mortimer 's money on the floor . mortimer try to step on it , but instead , he step on Jonathan 's foot . jonathan mortimer , you know what I do to people who order I around . Einstein pull Jonathan 's sleeve . doctor einstein hey , johnny . mister spenalzo . mortimer bend down to look at Jonathan foot , then he touch he leg . jonathan what ? doctor einstein what 's go to happen to mister spenalzo ? mortimer take a fork on the table and stab Jonathan 's leg with it . doctor einstein we can not leave he here in the window - seat . johnny ? jonathan Doctor , you know , Doctor , I have completely lose track of mister spenalzo . mortimer wait ! who 's this mister spenalzo ? doctor einstein a friend of ours johnny be look for . mortimer do not you bring anyone else in here . now , come on , beat it , both of you ! doctor einstein it 's all right , johnny . while we be pack , I will tell you about he . Jonathan walk to the staircase , and start go upstairs , follow by Einstein . he stop a few step before he reach the balcony . jonathan I will take care of you , mortimer , in just a little while . he resume he walk upstairs . mortimer how do you like that ? the guy stay away for twenty year and pick tonight of all night to come back . oh , Elaine , what be you do here ? she fall in he arm . elaine mortimer ! mortimer what 's the matter , darling ? elaine I almost get kill . mortimer kill ? aunt Abby , aunt martha ! ABBY oh , no ! martha oh , no ! it be Jonathan ! ABBY he mistake she for a sneak thief . mortimer oh , that . martha just find the shoe on the table and seem very intrigue by it . elaine ( voice over ) it be worse than that . he 's some kind of a maniac . Abby look at the shoe , and seem also very intrigue . martha whisper something to she . mortimer ( voice over ) I know , darling , I know . elaine ( voice over ) oh , mortimer , I be afraid of he . mortimer ( voice over ) oh , darling , do not worry about it . I be here now . now forget it . Abby whisper back to martha , who put the shoe back on the table . the two sister move away . elaine we be marry today , we be go over Niagara Falls in a barrel , you brother try to strangle I , a taxi 's wait , and now you want to sleep on a window - seat ! mortimer hardly listen to she , but catch the last word . mortimer window seat ... witherspoon . darling , you would better run along home . elaine what ? mortimer yes , yes . go home like a good girl . I get thing to do . he sit at the desk and start dial on the telephone . elaine mortimer ? but ... but ... mortimer no , no , please . ( in the phone ) hello ? Operator ? get I happy Dale 2 - 7 -0 , please . elaine but , mortimer , do not you hear what I be just say ? mortimer yes , 2-7-0. elaine you own brother Jonathan , he be try to strangle I ! mortimer please ! this be important ! elaine that ? mortimer hello ? oh , hello , Mr. witherspoon ? this be mortimer brewster . witherspoon office - interior night witherspoon be sit behind he desk , the telephone receiver to he ear . witherspoon yes , Mr. brewster , yes . he put a effervescent pill in a glass of water . witherspoon well , I do not understand you . brewster residence - sitting room - interior night Elaine be cry , stand near the desk , where mortimer be still on the telephone . mortimer ( in the phone ) look , look , I ... he raise he head to look at Elaine elaine he be go to kill I ! mortimer ( to Elaine ) wait a minute , I can not hear the man . ( to witherspoon on the phone ) what ? I have get the papers all draw up . I know it 's late , but I want you to come down here and get my brother immediately ! I 's get to be do . ( to Elaine ) please , darling , please . witherspoon office - interior night witherspoon by the way , you have have the papers sign by you brother and the doctor , of course ? brewster residence - sitting room - interior night mortimer seem surprised by the question . mortimer oh , the doctor ? oh , holy mackerel ! I forget the doctor ! mortimer take a piece of paper from the inside pocket of he jacket and put it on the desk . Elaine be still whining at he side . elaine mortimer ! mortimer ( yell to Elaine ) please , be quiet ! can not you see I have get to get a doctor ? ( to witherspoon on the phone ) hello ? what kind of a doctor ? a family doctor ? elaine you can take you honeymoon , you wedding ring , you taxi , you window - seat , and put they in a barrel , and push they all over Niagara Falls ! she walk away mortimer ( to the depart Elaine ) thank you , darling . thank you . ( to witherspoon on the phone ) oh , look , why do not you come down here anyway ? while you be get here , I will get teddy 's and the doctor 's signature both . the front door slam violently . mortimer turn around . mortimer yeah . Elaine ! Elaine ! ( to witherspoon ) yeah , I will get both signature . yeah , well , come right away . he put the phone down . mortimer Elaine ? what 's the matter with she ? he stand up and run across the room to the window - seat . mortimer oh , dear ! he kneel on the window - seat and look through the open window . mortimer Elaine ! Elaine ! brewster residence - exterior night large shot of reverend harper 's residence . Elaine enter the front door , and slam the door behind she . brewster residence - sitting room - interior night mortimer be still look through the open window . mortimer Elaine ! he enter back into the room , and sit on the window - seat . mortimer ( whisper to himself ) oh , let I sit down . let I think about this thing . Doctor , teddy , signature ... he look at the seat . mortimer hoskins ! he remain seat a few second in deep think , then he give a quick look outside the window , stand up and start lift the lid . the lid creak . mortimer seem very surprised by what he see inside the seat . he open the lid completely and let it rest on the bottom of the window . mortimer ye god ! there 's another one ! he close the lid and walk across the room toward the kitchen door . mortimer aunt Abby ! aunt martha ! come in here ! ABBY ( voice over from the kitchen ) we be busy . mortimer no , you come in here now ! Abby , still in funeral clothes , enter the room through the kitchen door . ABBY yes , dear , what be it ? where 's Elaine ? mortimer wait a minute . do not you promise I not to let anyone in the house while I be go ? ABBY Jonathan just walk in . mortimer I do not mean Jonathan ! ABBY and Doctor ... mortimer and I do not mean Doctor Einstein ! who be that in the window - seat ? ABBY we tell you . mister hoskins . mortimer he be not mister hoskins ! he open the window - seat wide and let the lid rest on the bottom of the window . mortimer there ! Abby walk to the window - seat and look inside , surprised . ABBY who can that be ? mortimer you be try to tell I you have never see that man before ? ABBY I certainly be . well , this be a fine how - do - you - do ! it 's get so anyone think he can walk in this house ! mortimer now , you look here , aunt Abby . do not you try to get out of this ! that 's another one of you gentleman , and you know it ! ABBY mortimer , how can you say such a thing ? that man 's a impostor . and if he come here to be bury in we cellar , he 's mistaken . mortimer you admit to I you put mister hoskins in the window - seat . ABBY yes , I do . mortimer well , this man could not have get the idea from mister hoskins ! ABBY oh , no . mortimer by the way , where be mister hoskins ? mortimer start look around the room . ABBY he must have go to Panama . mortimer what ? you bury he ? ABBY no , no , not yet . he 's just down there wait for the service , poor dear . we have not have a minute , what with Jonathan in the house . mortimer suddenly realize the corpse could be a «friend» of Jonathan . he quickly close the lid . ABBY oh , dear . we have always want to hold a double funeral . but I will not read service over a total stranger ! she walk back to the kitchen . mortimer catch she . mortimer a total stranger . aunt Abby , how can I believe you ? there be twelve man down there , some you admit you poison they ! ABBY yes , I do . but you do not think I would stoop to tell a fib ! martha ! she enter the kitchen . ABBY martha ! martha ! what do you think have happen ? mortimer '' a fib !» mortimer start dance around the room . then he hear a door close on the balcony , and he sit on the window - seat . we see Jonathan on the balcony . he start go downstairs . mortimer go toward he . mortimer jon ... oh - oh ... ah- ah ... jonathan this may interest you , mortimer . I have decide that we be stay . and I have also decide that you be leave , and I mean now . mortimer listen , handsome . I be in no mood to debate the question . be you get out , or be I throw you out on you ear ? jonathan I have lead a strange life , mortimer . Abby come in through the kitchen door , follow by martha . ABBY martha , you come straight along here . you just look and see what 's in that window - seat . Jonathan and mortimer both rush across the room and sit on the window -seat mortimer no . no , no , aunt Abby , do not ... he stop when he realize that Jonathan be sit with he . he suddenly understand the situation , and show a broad smile to he brother . he then stand up mortimer Jonathan , let aunt martha see what 's in the window - seat . Jonathan 's face show that he be no more so sure of himself . mortimer aunt Abby , darling , I owe you a apology . he kiss she on the forehead . mortimer I have get some very good news for you . Jonathan be leave . and he 's take Doctor Einstein and that cold companion with he . ( to Jonathan ) listen , Jonathan . you be my brother , you be a brewster . so , I be give you a chance to get away and take the evidence with you . you can not ask for more than that . well ? Jonathan do not move from the window - seat . mortimer all right , in that case , I will have to call the police . he go to the desk . jonathan do not reach for the telephone . remember , what happen to mister spenalzo can happen to you , too . mortimer pick up the phone . martha spenalzo ? ABBY I know he be a foreigner . jonathan put down that telephone , mortimer . Jonathan put he hand to he pocket , to take he gun . the doorbell ring and we see a policeman 's shadow through the frost glass . Jonathan stand up and Abby rush to the door . ABBY oh ... she open the door on o'hara . he be smile and he 's get he stick in he hand . o'hara hello ! ABBY oh , Officer o'hara ! o'hara I see the light and think you might have sickness in the house ... ABBY no ... he look around . o'hara oh , you get company ? oh , I be sorry I disturb you . he start to walk back out , but mortimer stop he . mortimer no ! come in . ABBY yes , do come in . she close the door behind he . martha come right in , Officer o'hara . this be we nephew , mortimer . they shake hand , both smile . o'hara oh , pleased to meet you . mortimer and glad to see you , fellow . ABBY and this be another nephew , Jonathan . o'hara please to make you acquaintance . hey , you face be familiar . have not I see a picture of you somewhere before ? jonathan I do not think so . o'hara I will be run along . mortimer oh , come on . what 's the hurry ? why do not you stick around until my brother leave . o'hara I get to ring in , Mr. brew ... say , you be not «the» mortimer brewster , the book -writer and the dramatic critic , be you ? mortimer yes , why ? o'hara oh , what a break for I ! I be a playwright . mortimer no ? o'hara I be work on a play now . mortimer you be ? o'hara yeah . mortimer well , well , well ! maybe I can help you with it . o'hara oh , would you ? oh , what a break ! I get wonderful idea , but I can not spell they . mortimer you can not ?... oh , I can spell like the dicken . constantinople ? come on , come on , let 's go into the kitchen . o'hara all right . mortimer you can tell I all about it . ( to Abby ) could not you whip up a sandwich for Officer o'hara ? martha I hope you do not mind eat in the kitchen , Officer o'hara . o'hara and where else would you eat ? they all enter the kitchen , laugh , and leave Jonathan alone in the room . mortimer let they in , but come back into the sit - room , close the kitchen door behind he . mortimer ( to the policeman and he aunt ) see you in a moment . he cross the room toward Jonathan mortimer now , listen , Jonathan , this be you last chance . I will keep o'hara busy in the kitchen and give you a chance to get out . all three of you : you , Doctor Einstein and spenalzo . jonathan mortimer ... mortimer now if you do not leave here in five minute , I will bring in Officer o'hara , and introduce he to Mr. spenalzo . he open the lid of the window - seat . but o'hara come into the room and mortimer quickly close the lid . o'hara mister brewster , my play take place in ... mortimer move he back to the kitchen . mortimer I will be right with you , o'hara . right with you . right with you . just give I one moment . mortimer close the door behind o'hara and turn toward Jonathan . mortimer now get go ! all three of you . he enter the kitchen , and close the door behind he . Einstein arrive silently behind Jonathan and tap on this shoulder . Jonathan turn quickly around . he then go to the kitchen door and come back to Einstein . jonathan Doctor , this affair between my brother and myself have get to be settle . doctor einstein but , johnny , we have get trouble enough as it be . come , let 's go . jonathan we be not go . we be go to sleep right here in this house . doctor einstein what ? with a cop in the kitchen and spenalzo in the window - seat ? jonathan that 's all he 's get on we . we will take spenalzo and dump he in the bay . after that , we be come back here . then if he try to interfere ... doctor einstein no , no , johnny . no , please . jonathan Doctor , we have get a wonderful setup here . we can make a fortune . two old lady as a front . only mortimer stand in we way . I never do like mortimer . he go toward the kitchen door . Einstein catch up with he . doctor einstein no , johnny , please , take it easy . please ! jonathan Doctor , you know when I make up my mind ... doctor einstein yeah , I know , when you make up you mind , you lose you head . look , johnny , Brooklyn be not a good setup for you . Jonathan take Einstein 's hand , twist it and bring Einstein down on the floor . doctor einstein okay , johnny . okay ! Jonathan release Einstein 's hand , who stand up to massage he hand . jonathan take the instrument and hide they in the cellar . move fast . Einstein take the suitcase and walk to the cellar . Jonathan open the lid of the window - seat . brewster residence - kitchen - interior night in the kitchen , the brewster sister be move around the room , prepare food on the table . both man be stand up near the table . o'hara , without he cap on he head , have a sandwich in he hand . o'hara mister brewster , you do not know what go on in Brooklyn . mortimer oh , I do not know . o' hara pick up a cup on the table . o'hara no . my mother be a actress . mortimer oh ? legitimate ? o'hara of course she be . she be my mother . mortimer oh , excuse I . o'hara peaches La Tour be she name . brewster residence - sitting room - interior night the door to the cellar be open . Einstein rush up from the cellar . he look a bit frighten . doctor einstein hey , johnny , johnny , come quick ! Jonathan , who be look down into the open window - seat , stand up . jonathan what 's the matter ? doctor einstein you know that hole in the cellar ? jonathan yes . doctor einstein well , we get a ace in the hole . Jonathan close the window - seat , and walk toward the cellar . brewster residence - kitchen - interior night o'hara be explain something to mortimer . o'hara it 's no fly - by-night idea . I have be work on this thing for twelve year . mortimer , who have just hear the creak of the lid of the window -seat , turn back toward the policeman . mortimer well , you have ? o'hara yeah . mortimer well , rehash it in you mind . I will be back in a minute . o'hara oh , swell . mortimer I like the first act . o'hara but I do not tell you the first act , mister brew ... I ... before he can finish he sentence , mortimer be already out of the room . brewster residence - sitting room - interior night mortimer enter the empty sit - room . he go to the window - seat , open it and talk to the corpse . mortimer no , I think I tell you ... he close the lid , kneel on the seat and look through the open window . mortimer Jonathan ! Jonathan ! Jonathan ! Jonathan enter from the cellar , follow by Einstein . jonathan yes , mortimer . mortimer turn around and look , surprised , at he brother . then he come into the room mortimer what be you two do still here ? I think I tell you to beat it . jonathan we be not go . mortimer you be not go ? jonathan no . doctor einstein no . mortimer you stay out of this . all right , you ask for it . he go to the kitchen door , which he open slightly . mortimer Officer o'hara ? o'hara ( voice over from the kitchen ) come . mortimer come back in the middle of the room . jonathan now , if you tell o'hara what 's in the window - seat , I will tell he what 's down in the cellar . mortimer cellar ? jonathan there 's a elderly gentleman down there who seem to be very dead . mortimer what be you do down the cellar ? doctor einstein but what be he do in the cellar ? jonathan now what be you go to tell o'hara ? o'hara come into the room from the kitchen . o'hara hey , you aunt hear my open , it 's swell . they want to hear the rest . shall I bring they in here ? he start go back into the kitchen , but mortimer stop he . mortimer no , no , no , no . you can not do that now . you would better ring in . o'hara oh , the heck with ringing in ! you get I roll now . I want to tell you the whole plot . mortimer you know , you can not tell I in front of that two fella , they would not appreciate it . o'hara huh ? hey , lowbrow , huh ? mortimer let 's go some place we can be alone . I will meet you there later . o'hara put he cap back on he head . o'hara okay . say ! how about the back room at Kelly 's ? mortimer Kelly 's ? o'hara yeah . mortimer oh yeah , fine place for bohemian atmosphere . genius at work . he escort o'hara to the front door . mortimer you ring in and I will meet you at Kelly 's . o'hara Fine . mortimer Fine . jonathan why do not you both go down in the cellar ? o'hara that 's all right with I . o'hara start move toward the cellar , but mortimer stop he . mortimer no , no , no . there 's a much more literary atmosphere in Kelly 's , I assure you . o'hara okay . mortimer we will meet later o'hara this open will kill you . he open the door and start go out . mortimer you will . o'hara I be wait to be bear , you see , and the doctor come in ... mortimer , who be push o'hara outside , suddenly slap he forehead with he hand . mortimer oh , the doctor ! o'hara yeah ! mortimer yeah . now , look , you ring in and I will see you later . o'hara okay . you will not stand I up , will you , mister brewster ? mortimer no . o'hara this be a great play , you will like it . I will see you down there . mortimer can not wait ! can not wait ! mortimer close the door . mortimer Doctor , doctor . where be that papers ? oh , there they be . he go to the desk and pick up he papers . he then turn to Jonathan and Einstein , still stand by the cellar door . mortimer oh , oh-oh ! you be smug , be not you ? you think you have get it over I . but you have not . you think I be afraid to go to the police about spenalzo because you have get hold of hoskins . well , I be not ! he tap on he papers . mortimer the moment I get spenalzo ... I mean , the moment the doctor sign this , I do not care who know about he , hoskins , I mean . and you better feel the same way about spenalzo . yes , spenalzo ! he start run upstairs . jonathan where be you go ? mortimer to the Doctor . where do you ... oh ! mortimer stop and start run downstairs , and then to the front door . mortimer when I come back , I expect to find you go . wait for I ! he go out and close the door . Einstein take a sip at he bottle . jonathan we will wait for he . doctor einstein do he look guilty ! the two sister come out of the kitchen . ABBY well , martha , I think we can start the service now . they stop when they see Jonathan and Einstein . ABBY oh ! we think we hear you leave . jonathan perish the think , dear aunty . that be just mortimer . and speak of service , aunt martha , will you make we some coffee while we take mister spenalzo down to the cellar ? martha oh , no . no , Jonathan . you have get to take he with you ! Jonathan open the lid of the window - seat . jonathan there 's a friend of mortimer 's downstairs wait for he . ABBY a friend of mortimer 's ? jonathan take he foot , Doctor . mister spenalzo and he will get along fine together . they be both dead . the two man bend down to take the corpse out of the window - seat . martha oh ! he must mean mister hoskins . doctor einstein mister hoskins ? the two man stand up and look at the sister . Jonathan come closer to they . jonathan you know about what 's down there ? ABBY of course we do . and he 's no friend of mortimer 's . he 's one of we gentleman . doctor einstein you gentleman ? martha yes . and we will not have any stranger bury in we cellar . jonathan but mister hoskins ? martha mister hoskins be no stranger . ABBY besides , there 's no room for mister spenalzo . the cellar 's crowded already . jonathan crowd ? with what ? ABBY there be twelve grave down there now . the two man look at each other . Jonathan seem the most surprised . jonathan twelve grave . ABBY that leave very little room and we be go to need it . jonathan you mean that you and aunt martha have murder twelve ... ABBY murdered ? certainly not . it 's one of we charity . martha why , what we have be do be a mercy . ABBY so you just take you mister spenalzo out of here . they turn to Einstein , who have seat himself and be laugh he head off . jonathan you have do all that right here in this house and bury they in the cellar ? doctor einstein that 's wonderful , johnny ! he stand up . doctor einstein we have be chase all over the world , and they stay right here in Brooklyn , and they do just as good as you do . jonathan what ? doctor einstein yeah . you get twelve , they get twelve . Jonathan grab Einstein by he shirt . jonathan I have get thirteen . doctor einstein no , johnny , twelve . do not brag . jonathan thirteen . they both start count on they finger . jonathan there 's mister spenalzo . then the first one in London . doctor einstein yeah . jonathan two in johannesburg , one in Sydney , one in Melbourne , two in San Francisco , one in Phoenix , Arizona . doctor einstein Phoenix ? jonathan the fill station . doctor einstein fill st ... oh , yes . he mime the gesture of one have he throat cut . jonathan Three in Chicago and one in South Bend . that make thirteen . doctor einstein you can not count the one in South Bend . he die of pneumonia . jonathan he would not have die of pneumonia if I have not shot he . doctor einstein no , no , johnny , you can not count he . you get twelve , they get twelve . the old lady be just as good as you be . both sister seem very happy by Einstein 's statement . they smile . doctor einstein they be , be they ? that 's easily take care of . all I need be one more . that 's all . just one more . and I have a pretty good idea who it be . he look menacingly at he two aunt , who do not smile anymore . brewster residence - exterior night mortimer be walk along the gate of the churchyard , drag Dr. gilchrist with he . gilchrist be try to tie he necktie while walk . apparently , mortimer do not let he dress completely when he take he out of he home . mortimer I be a very lucky man to have catch you at home , Doctor gilchrist . doctor gilchrist this be most irregular , most irregular . mortimer I be sorry to have drag you out of bed , but , you see , you be the only one who can help I . doctor gilchrist I know teddy blow bugle , but I can not commit a man to a institution just on that . mortimer oh , well , if only you have a little talk with he , I assure you you would be convinced by he . here 's the house I ... they stop walk when they hear hymn sung by the brewster sister . mortimer there go hoskins . doctor gilchrist who ? mortimer look embarrassed : he do not want to explain to the doctor who hoskins be . mortimer what ? what ? do I say ... oh , I ... he move the doctor to the entrance of the churchyard . mortimer now , you better wait . doctor gilchrist here ? mortimer yes , I will bring teddy out . well , you see , I would not want to alarm the old lady , you know , see a doctor and everything . you wait here , huh ? he help he finish tie he necktie . doctor gilchrist in the cemetery ? mortimer yeah , that will be good . doctor gilchrist it 's Halloween . mortimer oh , do not worry about that . at Halloween , the pixie will not be out till after midnight . now look , you wait here . make yourself comfortable . pull up a tombstone . I will be right back . he move away to the house , and pass near the taxi , still wait . cab driver hey , 22.50 ! mortimer what ? cab driver 22.50 ! mortimer oh , yes , look good on you ! he have not stop walk , and go into the house . the driver , who have be follow he , stop near the entrance of the house . cab driver yeah ! not the suit , the meter ! '' look good on I .» 22.50 ! a quick shot of Dr. gilchrist wait , freeze and slightly frighten . then back on the entrance of the house , near which the driver be still stand . teddy and mortimer come out of the house . teddy be back in he President Roosevelt costume . teddy do you give he a twenty - one - gun salute ? mortimer yes , with a maxim silencer . the driver catch up with they . cab driver hey , you . five more buck and you will own it . mortimer and teddy do not stop walk . the driver follow they . mortimer oh no , thanks . it would not fit I . the two man reach the place where Dr. gilchrist be wait . mortimer oh , mister President , may I have the pleasure ... teddy seem very happy to meet Dr. gilchrist , and shake he hand vigorously . teddy Doctor livingstone ! doctor gilchrist livingstone ? mortimer ( to the doctor ) well , that 's what he presume . ( to teddy ) mister President , the doctor would like to have a few word with you in private . he bow slightly . teddy certainly . welcome to Washington , doctor . he shake he hand again , then put he arm around the doctor 's shoulder and move away with he into the churchyard . teddy Arlington be beautiful at this time of year , be it not , doctor ? doctor gilchrist yes , indeed . the doctor look back at mortimer , seem a little frighten . mortimer remain alone , with the papers in he hand . we still hear the hymn sung by the brewster sister in the background . mortimer well now , that 's that . it give I a chance to rest . he sit down on a tombstone . reverse shot on reverend harper 's house . Elaine open the window of she room . back to mortimer seat on he tombstone . a little further behind he , we see teddy and the doctor talk . mortimer well , so far , so good . he stand up . mortimer not so good . he run to Elaine 's window . the cab driver look at the scene with intrigue eye . mortimer be now outside Elaine 's window . elaine do you or do you not love I ? mortimer oh , Elaine . Elaine , how can you say such a thing ? darling , of course I love you . elaine do you ? mortimer take she in he arm . mortimer yes , darling . elaine hey , then why have you be treat I the way you have ? mortimer oh , Elaine . he move slightly away from she . mortimer Elaine , Elaine , darling , I love you so much , I can not go through with we marriage . she go slightly back into she room . elaine have you suddenly go crazy ? mortimer no , no , I do not think so , but it 's only a matter of time . now , look , darling , you would not want to have child with three head , would you ? I mean , you would not want to set up housekeep in a padded cell . elaine what be you talk about ? mortimer well , I do not quite know really . look , I probably should have tell you this before , but you see ... well , insanity run in my family . we hear very clearly the brewster sister sing they hymn . mortimer it practically gallop . elaine oh , darling , just because teddy 's a little strange , that do not mean ... mortimer oh no , darling , no , no . it 's way back before teddy . no , this go back to the first brewster , the one who come over on the mayflower . yeah . you know , you know how in that day the Indians use to scalp the settler ? well , he use to scalp the Indians . Elaine bend out of she window to hug mortimer . elaine darling , that 's ancient history . medium shot on the doctor and teddy walk arm in arm among the tombstone . teddy yes , Doctor , I will run for a third term , but I will not be elect . and that will mean the last of the roosevelt in the White House . doctor gilchrist that 's what you think . teddy of course , if the country insist ... back to Elaine 's room window . the young couple be still talk on either side of the window . elaine oh , darling , all this do not prove a thing . look at you aunt . they be brewster , be not they ? they be the sweetest , sanest people I have ever know . mortimer yeah . he turn around to listen to he aunt sing they hymn . mortimer well , even they have they peculiarity . elaine what of it ? so you family 's crazy . so you be crazy . that 's the way I want you , the way I love you . I be crazy too , but kiss I . mortimer no , no . I ... ohhh ! mortimer hesitates a little and then give a passionate kiss to Elaine . back to teddy and the doctor . teddy be vigorously shaking the doctor 's hand . doctor gilchrist Goodbye , ambassador . I have enjoy this little talk very much . anytime you be in Washington , drop in to see I at the White House . he walk away , leave the doctor very shake by the experience . the doctor run to mortimer , still outside Elaine 's window and kissing she passionately . the doctor clear loudly he throat to attract mortimer 's attention . doctor gilchrist that papers . that papers . mortimer go away . mortimer suddenly realize what the doctor be talk about . mortimer oh , papers ! paper ! yes . he pull the papers from he jacket pocket , and give they to the doctor . doctor gilchrist I will enjoy commit he to any place . mortimer you will ? doctor gilchrist I have just be appoint ambassador to Bolivia ! mortimer ah , you see ? do not I tell you ? Elaine suddenly slam she window down ... on mortimer 's finger ! mortimer yell because of the pain . the doctor look up from the papers . Elaine also shut the inside shade down , shutting the room completely from the outside world . mortimer no . do not worry about that . just go on signing the papers . oh dear . thank you . mortimer blow on he hurt finger , then grab the papers from the doctor and run away . mortimer okay , thank you . brewster residence - sitting room - interior night Close - up on the empty window - seat , where just remain Mr. spenalzo 's hat . from the open cellar door , martha be come out , follow by Abby . they be still dress in they funeral clothes . ABBY all right ! all right ! we will find out whose house this be ! I be warning you , you better stop it . there 's no use do what you be do , because it will just have to be undone . jonathan ( voice over from the cellar ) aunt Abby , go to bed ! ABBY it 's a terrible thing to do to bury a good Methodist with a foreigner . mortimer come rush into the room with the papers in he hand . mortimer hello . he blow on the papers to dry the ink of the signature . ABBY mortimer , where have you be ? mortimer start run upstairs . mortimer uh-uh ? oh , I be get some papers sign . be teddy in he room ? martha oh , mortimer , what be the matter with you ? running around get papers sign at a time like this . ABBY martha and I be go for the police . mortimer Police ! he quickly get back downstairs mortimer oh-oh-oh ! wait-wait-wait ! you can not go for the police . martha oh , no ? you know what Jonathan 's do ? ABBY he 's put mister hoskins and mister spenalzo in together . mortimer oh , darling , let he . brewster residence - cellar - interior night Einstein just finish work , and he be clean the bottom of he pants . we notice he be wear Mr. spenalzo 's shoe . a shovel be rest on the wall near he . doctor einstein this be all fix up nice now . Nice and smooth like a lake . the President will be very proud of he Panama Canal . he stretch himself doctor einstein oh , johnny , bed feel good already . you know , we do not get any sleep for forty - eight hour . Jonathan walk behind he , carry a shovel . he put the shovel down against the wall and start mount the stair jonathan you be forget , Doctor . doctor einstein what ? brewster residence - sitting room - interior night mortimer be try to calm he aunt down ABBY now , look . if Jonathan and mister spenalzo be not out this house before morning , we be go for the police . mortimer yeah , but I will get they out , I promise you that ! ABBY then you get the wedding silver . mortimer yes , but remember , no police ! no police ! all right . he start mount the stair . mortimer there 's a thing . look , go to bed , will you ? Fine . get out of that clothes ! you two look like a double blackout . he reach the balcony . brewster residence - cellar - interior night Jonathan be stand on the bottom of the cellar staircase . jonathan my brother , mortimer . he go back down in the cellar toward Einstein , who have he bottle in he hand . jonathan I just hear he upstairs . doctor einstein no , no , no ! I be tired . you forget , I get to operate on you face tomorrow . he sit down on the bottom step of the stair . jonathan ( voice over . we just see he shadow on the wall behind Einstein ) you be go to operate tomorrow , Doctor . but tonight we be take care of mortimer . doctor einstein no , but johnny , not tonight ! I be sleepy . we will do it tomorrow . or the next day . jonathan ( voice over from the shadow on the wall ) look at I , Doctor . you can see that it 's get to be do , can not you ? doctor einstein yeah , I know that look . jonathan ( voice over from the shadow on the wall ) it 's a little late to dissolve we partnership . doctor einstein okay , okay , johnny , okay . we will do it . but the quick way , huh ? the quick twist like in London . he mime the break of a neck with he finger , and then take a sip from he bottle jonathan ( voice over from the shadow on the wall ) no , Doctor . I think this call for something special . I think , perhaps , the Melbourne method . doctor einstein not the Melbourne method , please ! two hour ! and then when it be all over , what ? the fellow in London be just as dead as the fellow in Melbourne . brewster residence - sitting room - interior night teddy come out of he room on the balcony , in he President Roosevelt costume . he take he bugle to he mouth , ready to play it . mortimer come out of the room and lower the bugle . mortimer no , no , no . do not do that , mister President . teddy but I can not sign any proclamation without consulting my cabinet . mortimer put the papers in front of he eye . mortimer this must be secret . teddy take the papers and look at they . teddy a secret proclamation ? how unusual . mortimer yes , it 's the only way we can outsmart the other fellow . teddy who 's the other fellow ? mortimer that 's the secret . teddy oh , I see ! very clever . well , if it 's a a secret proclamation , it have to be sign in secret . he fold the papers . mortimer of course , mister President . teddy I will have to put on my signing clothes . he start to move back to he room . mortimer stop he . mortimer oh , you already have they on , mister President . teddy look at he costume . teddy so I have . wait here . he go back into he room and close the door . Einstein appear at the bottom of the stair . doctor einstein hey , mister brewster . mortimer yes , what be it ? mice ? Einstein climb the stair very rapidly . he take mortimer by the sleeve and whisper to he . doctor einstein hey , mister brewster , you get out of this house . mortimer can not you see I be busy ? he try to get rid of Einstein 's hand on he sleeve . we hear the bugle play the first note of Beethoven 's fifth symphony . mortimer ( sing the same tune ) ta-ta - to taaa ! he knock on teddy 's door . the papers be sly under the door . mortimer bend down to pick they up . mortimer thank you , mister President . oh , what a load off my mind . Boy , could I use a drink ! thank God for that . he start go downstairs . Einstein follow he and take he sleeve again . doctor einstein ( whisper ) get out of here , will you , please ? mortimer huh ? what do you say ? speak up , sonny . I can not hear you . doctor einstein ( still whisper ) johnny 's in a bad mood . you get out of here ! mortimer stop underplay . I can not hear you . doctor einstein please listen to I . get out . mortimer get rid of Einstein 's hand on he sleeve . mortimer stop all this ! what be you do ? look , Doc . be you really a doctor ? doctor einstein yes , Heidelberg , 1919 . you go ... he take he sleeve again and try to move he to the front door . mortimer Heidelberg ? how would you ... how would you come to hook up with Jonathan ? doctor einstein I tell you later about that , but you go now . please listen to I . they have reach the front door . mortimer take Einstein 's hand out of he sleeve . mortimer tch-tch-tch ! stop it , Doctor , now stop it ! doctor einstein you get out of here ! look , look , when johnny 's in that mood , he 's a madman . he 's a maniac ! and then thing happen . horrible thing . he mime the cut of he own throat , and take mortimer 's hand to throw he out . doctor einstein you get out of here ! mortimer will you stop it ? now look , stop tell I about Jonathan , I will take care of Jonathan , and you take care of yourself . now , get go , little fellow . he open the door to throw he out . he pat he on the behind to move he , and discover the shape of the bottle under he hand . mortimer what 's that ? what 's that ? wait a minute . he take the bottle out of Einstein 's pocket doctor einstein oh no ! my schnapp ! mortimer I could use that . I could use that . doctor einstein that 's mine . he try to get he bottle back , but mortimer hold on it . mortimer please . only for dramatic critic . now look , you beat it before thing start pop around here . he move away to the table , with the bottle in he hand . Einstein join he hand in a praying gesture . doctor einstein but , look , Mr. brewster , please . you have just be marry . you have a nice little wife wait for you . please go now . please . mortimer pour some of the schnapp in a glass . Einstein slam the front door with a very nervous punch , and walk toward mortimer . he mumble incomprehensible word , probably in german . doctor einstein tell I , do not that play you see all the time teach you anything ? mortimer be drink . he lower he glass . mortimer oh , stop it , do not get I on the subject of play ! I have get a lot on my mind now . I have get to wait here for mister witherspoon . he look at he watch . doctor einstein at least people in play act like they get sense . mortimer oh , you think so ? do you ever see anybody in a play ever act like they get intelligence ? doctor einstein how can somebody be so stupid ? mortimer you ought to have my job a few night . listen to I , brother . when you get out of prison , you have yourself wheeled over to the garrick theater . oh ! oh ! there 's a play there that 's be run so bad that it will still be run when you get out . now , in this , there 's a man ... now listen to this ... behind mortimer , the cellar door open silently and Jonathan enter slowly into the room , without mortimer notice he . mortimer now , he know he 's in the house with murderer . so he ought to know he 's in danger . he 's even be warn to get out of the house . and do he go ? doctor einstein yes . mortimer no , he do not . he stay ! this fellow do not even have sense to be scared or to be on he guard . no , no . the murderer even invite he to sit down . what do you think he do ? doctor einstein well , I do not know . mortimer he sit down ! I remember what he do . he deliberately pull up a chair like that and he sit down in it . mortimer go to a wooden armchair and sit down in it . he put he glass on the table . mortimer be not that great ? so there he be , all wait to be truss up and gag . what do you think they use to truss he up with ? he keep on laugh while talk . Close - up of Jonathan 's face , smile . doctor einstein ( voice over ) oh , what ? mortimer ( voice over ) the curtain cord . Jonathan look in the direction of the window ... and the curtain cord . doctor einstein curtain cord ? but do not he see he get it ? behind the seat mortimer , Jonathan be silently walk to the window . mortimer see he get it . no . the silly chump sit down with he back toward the murderer . mortimer turn slightly on he chair , but without take he eye off Einstein , and , of course , without look at he brother behind he , quietly cut the curtain cord with a jack -knife . mortimer all he have to do be look around , but do he ? no ! medium shot on Jonathan cut the curtain cord . mortimer ( voice over ) no ... look , you see , brother Heidelberg , in a play or even in a movie , for that matter , ...a fellow never see or hear anything . no . that 's right . Jonathan fold the jack - knife and put it in he pocket . he prepare the cord he have just cut . Einstein take a napkin on the table . doctor einstein but what do he do ? mortimer oh , what do he do ? well , the big chump sit there . this fellow 's suppose to be bright . he sit there . Jonathan be now just behind mortimer 's chair , with the cord ready in he hand . mortimer now get a load of this . look , look at the attitude . large as life ! he sit there wait to be tie up and gag . the big dope ! he burst out laugh ... but only for two second , because Jonathan tie up he arm to the armchair from behind , and Einstein shove the napkin in he open mouth . Einstein then help Jonathan to tie mortimer 's leg to the leg of the armchair . then , with the help of a knife , he put all the napkin in mortimer 's mouth . doctor einstein you be right about that fellow . he be not very bright . fade out , and then fade in on the same scene a few moment later . the light have be dimme . mortimer be completely tie on the chair , and the gag be tie around he head . jonathan yes , mortimer . I have be away for twenty year . but never , my dear brother , be you out of my mind . Jonathan be lighting candle on the table . jonathan in Melbourne one night , I dreamt of you . he open he instrument case . we see the surgery instrument shine in the candle light . Close - up on mortimer 's very frighten face . Einstein sit down near the table . he seem depressed at the sight of he surgery instrument . Jonathan take a small phial from the inside pocket of he jacket , open it , smell it and close it , and put it back in he pocket . jonathan the more you struggle , mortimer , the more you strangle yourself . later on , you may consider that a bless . he take a curve forcep from the case and play with it . Close - up on mortimer 's frighten face . Einstein wipe he face with a napkin . Jonathan take a scalpel from the case and feel the sharpness of the blade . Einstein take a bottle on the table and bring it to he mouth . unfortunately , the bottle be empty . Jonathan take a pair of surgery glove from the box and put they on . jonathan now , Doctor , we go to work . Einstein stand up . doctor einstein johnny , for I , please , the quick way . please . jonathan Doctor , this must be a artistic achievement . doctor einstein please . jonathan after all , we be perform before a very distinguished critic . doctor einstein johnny , please ! jonathan Doctor ! Einstein take he jacket off . he be almost cry . doctor einstein all right . let 's get it over with . no , but , johnny , I can not see this without a drink . jonathan pull yourself together , Doctor . doctor einstein but I can not pull myself together without a drink . johnny , you remember when we come in here , there be some wine . and then they take it . where do they put it ? a glint of hope appear in mortimer 's eye at the mention of he aunt ' wine . Einstein run across the room to the shelf where the carafe of poison wine have be put away . doctor einstein johnny , I find some wine . I find some wine . he come back to the table with the carafe and glass . doctor einstein here , I will split it with you . we both have a drink before we operate . oh , I be so happy that we do not have to operate without a drink . Einstein give a glass to Jonathan . mortimer , who recognize the carafe , be smile behind he gag . Jonathan smell the glass . Einstein have he glass almost to he lip , when Jonathan stop he . jonathan Doctor . one moment , please . where be you manners ? ( to mortimer ) yes , mortimer . I realize now that it be you who bring I back to Brooklyn . we drink to you . Doctor ! to my dear , dead brother . they clink they glass in front of mortimer 's face . Einstein raise he glass before drink . doctor einstein prosit ! teddy suddenly come out of he room and play he bugle very loudly . both Jonathan and Einstein drop they glass on the floor . teddy then go back into he room and slam the door . the grand - father clock chime once . mortimer seem very disappointed . he move back and forth in he chair , moan . jonathan that idiot ! he go next . that 's all . he go next ! doctor einstein not teddy ! not teddy ! please ! jonathan we will get to he later . doctor einstein not teddy , we will not get to he at all ! jonathan now , we have to work fast . the quick way . doctor einstein oh , the quick way , oh yes ! if it have to be , then the quick way . yes , I will help you with it . they start get the instrument out of the case . at the front door , we see the shadow of a policeman behind the frost glass . he ring the doorbell . Jonathan and Einstein stop what they be do . Einstein close the case and put it under the table . he also put all the instrument lie on the table on the floor , behind the case . knock on the door . the door be open , o'hara enter the room . he spot Jonathan and Einstein . o'hara hey , the colonel have to quit blow that horn . jonathan it 's all right , Officer . we be take the bugle away from he . o'hara I would better talk to he myself . where 's the light ? he find the switch by the door , and switch the light on . he go to the stair and start mount they , when he hear mortimer moan . he go down and walk toward mortimer . o'hara hey ! you stand I up ! I have be wait for you for over a hour at Kelly 's . what happen to he ? o'hara be surprised to find mortimer tie up on he chair . he point he stick to Jonathan . doctor einstein nothing . he be explain a play he see the other night and that 's what happen to a poor man in the play . he walk away with he jacket in he hand . o'hara oh , I see . do that really happen in a play you see ? how do you like that ? you can not trust nobody no more . they practically steal that from the second act of my play . you know , in the second act , just ... well , maybe I would better start at the beginning . mortimer be move and moan on he chair . he try to explain by movement of he face that he would like to have he gag take off . behind o'hara , Einstein start mount the stair , and Jonathan stand up at the bottom of they . o'hara huh ? oh , yes , sure . he put he hand to mortimer 's face to take off he gag . Einstein run upstairs , follow by Jonathan . suddenly , o'hara remove he hand and smile broadly . o'hara nooo ! you have get to hear the plot ! he take he jacket off . o'hara my mother 's sit there , make up , see . and , like a flash , suddenly , out of a clear sky , the door come open and a man with a black mustache come in . on the stair behind o'hara , Jonathan take he jack - knife out of he pocket and open it . o'hara he turn to my mother and he say , '' miss peaches La Tour , will you marry I ?» that 's the first scene . my mother do not tell he they be marry . that 's the surprise ! Einstein , who have see the knife , try to stop Jonathan . but Jonathan keep on walk slowly downstairs . o'hara oh , what a kick ! all right . twenty - five year pass . well , in the meantime , there 's I . grow into a magnificent specimen . so what do I do ? I join the police force and become one of New York 's finest . well , I be clean out a crooked laundry , see ? Close - up on Jonathan 's hand hold the knife , the blade of which be shine in the light . mortimer stare at the knife o'hara Little do I know it , but there be a dope fiend with a long knife crawl after I . I be in great danger . it 's get you , be not it ? I can see it in you eye . actually , mortimer 's eye be try to attract o'hara 's attention to Jonathan , just behind he now . o'hara well , you be not hear nothing yet . Einstein try to stop Jonathan , but Jonathan push he away . Einstein take off one of he shoe , and hit Jonathan very hard on the head with it . Jonathan fall on the floor . o'hara all of a sudden , a fire break out . what a effect ! the firemen rush in and who do you think be lead they ? Mayor fiorello La guardia ! o'hara turn around and see Jonathan lie on the last step of the stair . o'hara what 's the matter with he ? doctor einstein yeah , probably you play put he to sleep . o'hara what ? doctor einstein I personally , I like it very much . o'hara it 's probably over he head , huh ? doctor einstein yeah . o'hara look at Jonathan 's face . o'hara where have I see that face before ? doctor einstein no , please . he kneel beside Jonathan 's body , and o'hara return to mortimer . o'hara well , the scene change . it 's a evolve stage . I be walk along my beat , well , like that , casual - like , when a guy that I be follow , it turn out he 's really follow I ! knock at the door . o'hara turn to Einstein . o'hara ( to Einstein ) do not let nobody in . ( to mortimer ) I figure I will outsmart he . there 's a vacant house on the corner . Einstein peek through the drape to have a look at the outside of the front door . he rush to Jonathan . doctor einstein hey , johnny , the cop ! Einstein try to wake up Jonathan , but do not succeed . he pick up he shoe and rush upstairs . o'hara so , I duck in there . I see the door handle turn , so I pull out my gun , brace myself against the wall and I say : '' come in !» he take out he gun and point it at the door . brophy and another cop , officer saunder , come in . when they see o'hara 's gun point at they , they raise they arm . o'hara put he gun back in he holster and welcome he colleague . o'hara oh , hello , boy . brophy what the Sam Hill 's go on here ? o'hara hello sarge , what do you think , this be mortimer brewster . he 's go to help I write my play . saunder do you have to tie he up to make he listen ? he start to untie mortimer . brophy o'hara , you better report in the station . why do not you ring in ? you get the whole force out look for you . o'hara right in the middle of the second act . do they send you guy here look for I ? brophy go to the telephone and start dial . brophy no , we come to warn the old lady . there be a difficulty . the colonel blow that bugle again . o'hara yeah , I hear he . brophy the neighbor be all phone in . the Lieutenant 's on the warpath . he say we have get to put he away someplace . he see Jonathan lie on the step . brophy now , who the heck be this ? o'hara oh , that 's mister brewster 's brother . my play put he to sleep . brophy oh ! that 's the one that run away . so he come back . ( in the phone ) brophy . get I mac. ( to o'hara ) have not you get yourself in a mess ! you be two hour overdue at the station . I better let they know that I find you . o'hara bend on Jonathan and shake he o'hara hey ! it be not that bad , be it ? brophy ( in the phone ) Mac ? tell the Lieutenant he can call off the big manhunt . we find he ... at the brewster house ... shall we bring he in ?... all right , we will hold he right here . he put the phone down and turn to o'hara , who have succeed in waking up Jonathan and get he on he foot . Jonathan stare at brophy . he think brophy be talk about he . mortimer look at he leave hand , which have just be freed by saunder . brophy the Lieutenant be on he way over . jonathan so I have be turn in , hey ? all right , you have get I . I suppose you and my stool - pigeon brother will split the reward . brophy and o'hara each take one arm of Jonathan . brophy &amp ; o'hara reward ? jonathan yes , reward ! now I will do some turn in ! mortimer , who have he hand and leg untied by saunder but be still gag and have he chest still tie on the armchair , moan and move excitedly on he seat . o'hara ( to Jonathan ) oh , wait a minute , Mr. brewster . jonathan you think my aunt be sweet , charming old lady , do not you ? well , there 's thirteen body bury in the cellar ! yes , thirteen . mortimer jump on he chair and try to scream through he gag . since he can not succeed to get off the chair , he stand up , still gag and tie to the back of the chair and rush to brophy , carry the armchair with he . brophy be careful what you say about you aunt , they happen to be friend of ours . jonathan I will show they to you . brophy do not you make any trouble for they , do you hear I ! mortimer walk between brophy and Jonathan , and try to say something to brophy through he gag . saunder , behind mortimer , keep on untying he . brophy ( to mortimer ) never mind , Mr. brewster . leave he to I , I will take care of he . jonathan ( to o'hara ) you come down to the cellar . o'hara ( to Jonathan ) now , wait a minute . mortimer be still try to talk through he gag to o'hara and brophy , and move excitedly around the two cop . he move so much that saunder have stop try to untie he . jonathan thirteen body . I will show you where they be bury . o'hara oh , yeah ! brophy go down to the cellar with he , o'hara . jonathan yes , come to the cellar . he grab o'hara 's hand and drag he to the cellar door . o'hara well , look , do I have to ? mortimer , still gag , and still carry he armchair like a backpack , try to follow they , but saunder move he away . mortimer run round the table to try again to join the party go down to the cellar , with saunder run behind he . o'hara sorry , maybe I do not want to go down to the cellar with he . mortimer bump violently into brophy , who try to push he away . brophy o'hara , go on down the cellar with he ! mortimer then go to o'hara , but o'hara do not realize mortimer be come to he to prevent he go down to the cellar . o'hara now , please , mister brewster . I will tell you the rest of my play later . he push mortimer away from he . brophy go on down to the cellar with he . o'hara gee , do I have to , sarge ? look at that puss . he look like boris karloff . hear that , Jonathan scream , jump on o'hara and put he hand around he throat . o'hara ( to Jonathan ) do not ! ( to brophy ) sarge ! the three cop and Jonathan start fight . a fist come out of the battle and hit mortimer on the chin . he stagger back to the center of the room , and fall on the floor . we see Einstein cautiously appear on the landing of the upper floor of the house . he slowly come down the stair . down in the sit - room , the fight go on . saunder fall on he back and Jonathan jump on he . o'hara , in he turn , jump on Jonathan . behind they , mortimer be slowly get up and get rid of he rope . apparently , he fall have completely untied he . Einstein , watch this heat fight , move back to the upper floor . mortimer get rid of he gag , and slowly move away from the battle . brophy ( voice over ) look out , Pat !... look out , Pat ! saunder ( voice over ) he 's get a gun ... brophy ( voice over ) I get he , pat. look out ! mortimer fight . go on and fight . mortimer climb up a few step on the staircase and sit down on a step . mortimer that 's enough , that 's enough . everybody off . brophy ( voice over ) Pat ! Pat , look out ! mortimer , still seat on the step , quietly get he cigarette case from he pocket , take a cigarette , put the case back in he pocket , while we hear the noise of the battle still go on down below . mortimer amazing ... such a fine day , too . all I do be cross the bridge and I be in Brooklyn . amazing . amazing , amazing . he take a matchbox from another pocket and light he cigarette . behind mortimer , on the wall , we see the shadow of the man fight . then we see various object fall around mortimer . mortimer do not ... do not bother I now . o'hara be project on the wall below the staircase , near the place where mortimer be still quietly seat . mortimer buddy , you could use this in the third act . o'hara oh yes , I get something better than this . let I tell you ... Jonathan break a chair on he back . o' hara stagger slightly . o'hara I will see you later . he go back in the battle . Jonathan give he a heavy punch and o'hara fall in the window - seat , close the lid over himself in he fall . back to mortimer , still quietly smoking he cigarette , seat on the same step . he take papers out of he pocket . mortimer I get the papers sign . there , they be all sign . what do I care ? go ahead , go ahead , fight , fight , fight - fight - fight ! o'hara cautiously lift the lid of the window - seat , but see a chair fly in he direction , he slam it back shut . the chair hit the window - seat and break off in small piece . back to mortimer on he step . he put the papers back in he pocket . mortimer I would better call up and see if witherspoon have leave . he put he hand through the banister of the staircase to take the telephone on the desk , but he cannot reach it . mortimer telephone . hey ! at this moment , Jonathan come smash on the wall below the staircase . he grab the telephone and lift it to throw it on the cop , bring it within easy reach of mortimer 's hand . jonathan I will get every one of you ! I hate cop . I will brain the first one that come near I ! mortimer pick up the telephone handset , and start dial . mortimer yeah . a little higher , please , brother . Jonathan be watch the cop around he , and he be not look at all at he brother behind he . without think about it , he lift the telephone a little higher . mortimer thank you very much . yeah , that 's fine . Jonathan suddenly realize what mortimer be do and turn he head toward he . brophy immediately come behind he and hit he with he stick . Jonathan start fall , and mortimer have to pick up the telephone not to loose it . mortimer oh ! do not do that , please . brophy get he , Pat . saunder come on the other side of Jonathan and hit he with he stick . mortimer ( in the phone ) come on , doc ... ( to the cop ) that will not have any effect . I have try it before ... Jonathan fall heavily on the floor . mortimer oh , it do . dear I ! be not that amazing ? o' hara slowly lift the lid of the window - seat . saunder bend on the motionless body of Jonathan mortimer oh , dear . wish I could relax like that . the doorbell ring , and we see the shadow of a hatted man through the frost glass . mortimer look at the door . mortimer witherspoon ! brophy come in . the visitor enter . it 's Lieutenant rooney , a plain- cloth policeman . he close the door behind he . both brophy and saunder stand at attention . mortimer put the phone receiver back on its hook . o' hara come out of the window - seat , and , see he superior , stand at attention . rooney walk to the body of Jonathan . lieutenant rooney what have occur ? brophy &amp ; saunder ( speak together ) well , we ... lieutenant rooney never mind ! do not I tell you I would handle this myself ? o' hara come out of the window - seat to join he colleague . o'hara well , Lieutenant ! we be just act in self - defense . lieutenant rooney ( point to the body of Jonathan ) what happen ? he put up a fight ? brophy this be not the one who blow the bugle . this be he brother . he try to kill o'hara . o'hara all I say be he look like boris karloff . lieutenant rooney boris ?... turn he over . saunder turn Jonathan over and both the lieutenant and brophy bend on the face of Jonathan . brophy kind of think he 's want somewhere . rooney stand up and look at brophy with a ironical smile . lieutenant rooney oh ! you «kind of think he 's want somewhere ? if you guy can not look at the circular we put up in the station , you can at least read short detective storey . certainly , he 's want somewhere . in Indiana ! he escape from the prison for criminally insane . he 's a lifer . still seat on he step , mortimer smile . mortimer that 's my brother ! lieutenant rooney for Pete 's sake , that 's the way they describe he . '' he look like karloff» . why would you have to knock he off ? brophy he try to get we to go down to the cellar . he say there be thirteen body bury down there . lieutenant rooney thirteen body bury in the cellar , and that do not tip you off the guy 's come from a nuthouse ? mortimer thanks , pal . o'hara say , lieutenant , about my not ringing in , I want to explain ... lieutenant rooney where have you be all night ? do not bother to tell I . o'hara oh , I be right here write a play with mortimer brewster . lieutenant rooney yeah ? o'hara yeah . lieutenant rooney well , you be go to have a long time on that play . o'hara yeah ? lieutenant rooney you be suspend . now go on . report in . teddy come out of he room , with he bugle under he arm , and walk downstairs lieutenant rooney ( voice over ) take this guy out in the kitchen and bring a pillow . I want to find out where he accomplice be . teddy ( to mortimer ) what be the meaning of this commotion ? lieutenant rooney the guy who help he escape . he 's want , too . teddy give he bugle to mortimer . teddy here . he join the group of policeman . lieutenant rooney forty -eight hour I have be after this guy . nothing to eat . no sleep . no wonder Brooklyn 's in the shape it 's in . with flathead like you on the force . falling for a story like that ! thirteen body bury down in the cellar . teddy but there be thirteen body in the cellar ! lieutenant rooney who be you ? teddy I be President Roosevelt . lieutenant rooney ( whisper to brophy ) what the blaze be this ? brophy he 's the guy that blow the bugle . saunder howdy , Colonel . saunder and brophy both salute teddy . teddy salute they back . rooney raise he hand to salute , but rapidly put it down with a disgust expression on he face . lieutenant rooney well , Colonel , you have blow you last bugle . ( point to Jonathan 's body ) come on , get this guy out of here . teddy dear I ! another yellow - fever victim ? lieutenant rooney what ? teddy all the body in the cellar be yellow - fever victim . brophy no - no - no , Colonel . this be a spy . we catch he at the White House . lieutenant rooney take he out and bring he to . I want to question he . brophy and saunder lift Jonathan and carry he to the kitchen . teddy if there be any question of spy , that 's my department . he follow the two cop . but rooney stop he . lieutenant rooney hey , you , keep out of that . teddy you be forget that as President , I be also head of the secret service . he follow the two cop in the kitchen . rooney go to the table , take the carafe and smell it . mortimer watch he , still seat on he step . mortimer huh-huh-huh ! rooney put the carafe back on the table , and look at mortimer . lieutenant rooney who be you ? what 's you name ? mortimer usually , I be mortimer brewster . but I be not quite myself today . lieutenant rooney oh , you be he brother . now , look , mister brewster , no argument . he 's get to be put away . mortimer stand up and go down the step toward the lieutenant . mortimer no , no , no argument , Captain . no argument . just a minute , take it easy . read this . he take the papers from he pocket and show they to rooney . mortimer teddy 's go to go to happy Dale tonight . I be just wait here for Mr. witherspoon . rooney look at the document . lieutenant rooney well , as long as he 's go someplace . he 's scare the neighbor , what with that bugle and all . and that cockey story about thirteen body be bury ... rooney stop , look around with a suspicious eye and take he hat off . lieutenant rooney you know , I have be without sleep for forty - eight hour . I be liable to think anything . mortimer I know just how you feel . lieutenant rooney there 's people dumb enough to believe a story like that . last year there be a crazy guy , start a murder rumor . I have to dig up a half acre plot before I could prove ... ohh ! what 's this ? rooney put the papers down . mortimer what 's the matter ? lieutenant rooney this papers be no good . mortimer why not ? lieutenant rooney he sign it Theodore Roosevelt ! rooney show the papers to mortimer . mortimer he what ?... mortimer look at the papers with horror in he face and take they back . brewster residence - exterior night the cab driver be seat with o'hara and witherspoon stand on either side of he . witherspoon be you cab engage ? cab driver yeah ! I be lose dough every minute . get I offer ? witherspoon I be mister witherspoon of happy Dale sanitarium , I have come here to collect a brewster . I would like you to drive we back to the sanitarium . he walk to the entrance of the house . o' hara stay with the cab driver . cab driver I know this would end up in a nuthouse ! witherspoon come back a few step . witherspoon we like to think of it as a rest home . brewster residence - sitting room - interior day witherspoon enter the room . we hear voice talk excitedly . and we see people in some sort of a large alcove at the back of the sit - room , between the cellar- door and the grandfather clock . witherspoon mister brewster ? mister brewster ? through the hole in the kitchen door , we see brophy talk . witherspoon Mr. witherspoon be here . witherspoon slam the door . in the alcove , mortimer , rooney and teddy be have a argument . mortimer still have the bugle in he hand . mortimer suppose the spy steal this document and find the name Theodore Roosevelt on it . think what that would mean to the safety of the nation ! rooney hold the document for teddy , who have a pen in he hand . teddy no , it 's chicanery . mortimer oh , waste the time . saunder approach he lieutenant . saunder he 's come to . he 's ready to talk . lieutenant rooney hold he till I get there . saunder yes , sir . he move away back to the kitchen . mortimer let I explain . the name brewster be code for Roosevelt . teddy code for Roosevelt ? mortimer yes , do not you see ? take the name brewster . take away the '' b» and what have you get ? teddy rooster . mortimer and what do a rooster do ? teddy crow . mortimer it crow ! and where be you hunt in Africa ? teddy on the veldt ! mortimer there you be ! '' crowsveldt» . mortimer give a quick look at rooney . teddy ingenious ! my compliment to the boy in the code department . lieutenant rooney hey , that 's all right ! do that again for I . teddy never mind ! give I that pen . this be fun . he sign the paper under rooney 's supervision . mortimer now , now , all I get to get be witherspoon . he run to the table in the middle of the sit - room , where witherspoon be stand . he go around the table to shake hand with he . mortimer oh ! oh ! mister witherspoon , I can not tell you how glad I be to see you . mister witherspoon ... before ... look ... you will take good care of teddy at happy Dale ? witherspoon best of care of he , mister brewster . mortimer oh , that 's fine . and no wagon when he leave . witherspoon why ? to take he away ? oh , never , never . taxicabs . we always ... I have one wait now . mortimer yes , look , it mean a great deal to I . you will personally see that teddy 's happy at happy Dale ? witherspoon he will be very happy at happy Dale . mortimer oh , that 's good . witherspoon you know , I sometimes envy some of we patient , secretly , you know . mortimer oh , you do ? it must be a nice place . because I have never be to happy Dale . witherspoon you never can tell . mortimer look surprised by witherspoon 's answer . then he look also a bit horrify . witherspoon oh , this be a particularly happy moment for I tonight , mister ... mister brewster . yes , I have never meet a dramatic critic and I have be so anxious to . mortimer oh , the wood be full of they . witherspoon I have here something that will explain what we be try to do out there at happy Dale . he get a booklet out of he pocket . mortimer oh ! a pamphlet about happy Dale ? witherspoon oh , no - no , it 's a play . something I have be work on for some time now . when mortimer see witherspoon flipping the page of he booklet , a slightly frighten look come to he face . witherspoon it 's a dramatization of many of the little incident that have happen here at happy Dale . mortimer Captain ! Captain !... Captain ! rooney , who be check the document sign by teddy , turn around . witherspoon now , I want you to read this very carefully . I want you to be just as harsh as you like . I sha not mind , you know ... rooney come toward they with the document in he hand . mortimer Captain , this be mister witherspoon . witherspoon look at rooney with a smile . witherspoon oh , yes , yes , he will be very happy at happy Dale . come , my boy . witherspoon take rooney 's arm . rooney push he away . lieutenant rooney what be this ? mortimer no , no , no - no , mister witherspoon , you get it wrong . this be ... this be Captain rooney . witherspoon the police ?... oh ! the two man shake hand , and rooney give the papers to witherspoon . lieutenant rooney I be sure ! here be the papers , all sign . now you can take he away , Super . teddy join they . teddy I will be in my office vetoing some bill . mortimer mister President , I have good news for you . you term of office be over . teddy be this March the four ? mortimer practically . teddy let 's see ... oh ! now I go on my hunt trip to Africa ! well , I must get start immediately . teddy start walk away , but he stop suddenly and give witherspoon a suspicious look . teddy be he try to move into the White House before I have move out ? mortimer who , mister President ? teddy look at witherspoon with a disgust face . teddy taft ! mortimer no , no , teddy this be not mister taft . it 's mister witherspoon , he 's go to be you guide to Africa . teddy shake hand with witherspoon . teddy bully ! bully ! wait right here . I will bring down my equipment . witherspoon look at teddy walk away with a sweet smile . witherspoon happy man . teddy start go upstairs and he meet Abby and martha come down . they be dress back in they usual clothes . teddy shake hand with they . teddy Goodbye , aunt Abby , goodbye aunt martha . I be on my way to Africa . be not it wonderful ? for the last time , teddy take out he imaginary sword , point it forward and rush upstairs . teddy charge ! he get into he room and slam the door behind he . witherspoon look a bit surprised , and mortimer hold the hand of the grandfather clock . Abby join he mortimer it 's all right , aunt Abby , I have get it . witherspoon look at the scene with slightly anxious eye . witherspoon oh , dear . and happy Dale be full of staircase . brewster residence - exterior night Elaine walk across the churchyard toward the brewster 's house . she be wear a coat over she nightdress . brewster residence - sitting room - interior night Abby and martha be talk with witherspoon . martha you have come to meet teddy , have not you ? lieutenant rooney ( voice over ) no , he 's come to take he . teddy 's be blow he bugle again . both sister turn toward rooney . ABBY oh , no - no , no , he can not go now ! we will not permit it . martha we promise to take he bugle away from he . we will not be separate from teddy . lieutenant rooney I be sorry . ABBY mortimer , how can you allow this ? you promise . lieutenant rooney mister brewster 's get nothing to do with this , see . the law be the law ! teddy 's commit himself and he 's get to go . ABBY well , if he 's go , we be go , too ! martha yes , you will have to take we with he . mortimer smile broadly . mortimer why - why ... why not ? why not , indeed ? witherspoon oh well now , indeed , it 's sweet of they to want to go , but it 's quite impossible . we never take sane people at happy Dale . mortimer come very close to witherspoon , and try , by mime only , to induce witherspoon to take he aunt . witherspoon oh , no-no-no-no ... mortimer ( whisper ) now , this two little sane people , mix up with all the other , will get lose in the shuffle . you could arrange that . witherspoon oh , no-no-no-no ... mortimer just put they in and they will get all mix up . witherspoon oh , no ! no , no ! no ! too dangerous . dissension , jealousy . brewster residence - exterior night Elaine have now reach the brewster house and open a window . we hear Lieutenant rooney 's voice . lieutenant rooney ( voice over ) now , let 's be sensible , lady ... brewster residence - sitting room - interior night rooney be talk to the brewster sister . lieutenant rooney ... here I be waste my time when I could be do some serious work . you know , lady , there be still murder to be solve in Brooklyn . it be not only he bugle blow , and neighbor be afraid of he . but thing be go to get worse . we be liable to have to dig up you cellar . ABBY we cellar ? lieutenant rooney yeah . mortimer seem a bit worried . mortimer oh-oh ! lieutenant rooney yeah , teddy 's be tell around there 's thirteen body bury in the cellar . ABBY but there be thirteen body in we cellar . witherspoon , who be look at something on the table , look up , very surprised by what Abby just say . behind the window and the drape , where she be hide and eavesdropp , Elaine look very surprised too . rooney smile a little , and then become suddenly very serious . lieutenant rooney what ? ABBY yes . you just ask we nephew , mortimer . mortimer blow the bugle very loudly . rooney put he hand on he ear . then mortimer rush upstairs , yell : mortimer charge ! mortimer reach the balcony . teddy come out of he room , look intrigue mortimer ( whisper ) be not that amazing ? ABBY now , mortimer , you behave yourself . you know very well there be thirteen body down in we cellar . mortimer certainly there 's thirteen body down in the cellar . and there be hundred more up in the attic , Captain ! teddy tap the side of he head with he finger , go back into he room , and close the door . mortimer try to indicate by mime that he aunt be crazy lieutenant rooney what be this ? very quick shot of Elaine peek behind the drape martha you must not mind mortimer . saunder come to he lieutenant . saunder how about it , lieutenant ? lieutenant rooney I will be right there . he move away . martha he 's be a little strange all day . lieutenant rooney well , right now I would not know what be and what be not strange anymore . I will better have a look in that cellar . mortimer I will tell you what we will do , Captain . I will bring my body down from the attic and you get yours down from the cellar , and we will get they all together , and we will send they to happy Dale . he sing the last word , try again to mime to rooney that he two aunt be crazy . ABBY no , no , you would not have to dig . the grave be all mark . we put flower on they every Sunday . mortimer walk downstairs . lieutenant rooney Flowers ? mortimer sure , I put neon light on mine . he whisper to rooney from the staircase . mortimer humor they , humor they . smile . rooney do not seem to understand what mortimer be try to tell he . but witherspoon be beginning to understand . lieutenant rooney what ? ABBY there 's one down there , a mister spenalzo ... mortimer ( whisper ) have not get it yet . he resume he walk downstairs . ABBY ... who do not belong here and who 's go to have to leave . martha but the other twelve be we gentleman . lieutenant rooney you gentleman ? mortimer oh , you would like mine better . none of mine be gentleman . ABBY you must not mind he at all . he get marry today . mortimer ( sing ) '' there be a happy Dale far , far away . there be a happy " while sing , mortimer make sign to rooney and witherspoon . and , finally , rooney understand what mortimer be try to tell he , that he aunt be crazy . lieutenant rooney ( nodd ) yeah , yeah . mortimer he get it . it 's amazing . lieutenant rooney ( to witherspoon ) look , Super , do not you think you can find room for the lady ? witherspoon just the lady ? he look at mortimer . mortimer stop clowning , and become very serious . mortimer just the lady , not I ! lieutenant rooney how about it , Super ? witherspoon well , of course , they would have to be commit . witherspoon well , teddy commit himself . could not they commit themselves also ? all they have to do be sign the papers . witherspoon certainly . martha oh well , if we can go with teddy , we will sign the papers . where be they ? witherspoon take the papers out of the inside pocket of he coat . witherspoon I have they , lady , I have they right here . lieutenant rooney ( to witherspoon ) sign they up , will you , Super ? I want this all clean up . I be go out to talk to that spy . maybe I can understand he . thirteen body down in the cellar . rooney , absent - mindedly , be ready to go down to the cellar , but he check himself and go toward the kitchen instead . witherspoon lady , if you will sign right here . brewster residence - exterior night Elaine open a large trapdoor open on a stairway go down to the cellar . she start go down that passage . brewster residence - sitting room - interior night Einstein walk on the balcony , carry a suitcase , and start go downstairs . in the room , we can guess that the two sister be signing the papers . ABBY ( voice over ) right here ? witherspoon ( voice over ) yes , please . it 's on the right -hand side right there . martha and Abby be seat at the table , signing the papers . witherspoon and mortimer , stand besides they , be help they . ABBY I be really look forward to go . the neighborhood here have change so . martha yes . especially since they win that old pennant thing . witherspoon oh ... oh , dear , I be so sorry . we have overlook something . it 's absolutely compulsory that we have the signature of a physician . Einstein have reach the bottom of the stair and he be sneaking out through the front door . mortimer a doctor ... oh ! Doctor Einstein ! come here and sign some papers , please . Einstein turn around . doctor einstein good night . mortimer come here , Doctor Einstein . witherspoon a doctor ? mortimer oh , yes , yes . Doctor Einstein almost operate on I earlier this evening . come on , Doctor . Einstein drop he suitcase by the front door , and come to the table . mortimer here . just sign right here , please , Doctor . Einstein sign the paper mortimer give he . meanwhile , rooney and saunder be come out of the kitchen and crossing the room . ABBY be you leave , Doctor ? doctor einstein yes , please . martha oh ! be not you go to wait for Jonathan ? doctor einstein I do not think we go to the same place . lieutenant rooney ( speak on the telephone ) hello , Mac . we pick up that guy that 's want in Indiana . his accomplice 's description be one on the circular , on the desk . read it to I , will you ? Einstein leave the table , and almost bump into saunder , who be brush he uniform . he listen to the description of himself that rooney be repeat from he colleague at the police station . lieutenant rooney ( still on the phone ) yeah ... about forty ... five-foot-three ... one hundred and forty pound ... pop eye ... talk with a german accent ... pose as a doctor ... okay , Mac . thanks . he put the phone back on its hook . witherspoon slap Einstein on the back , and Einstein start raise he arm . witherspoon it 's all right , Lieutenant rooney . the doctor here have complete the signature . lieutenant rooney oh , that 's great ! thanks , doc. you have do Brooklyn a great service . he shake Einstein 's hand and slap he back . Einstein cannot believe he luck . he smile and rush to the door . ABBY but Dr. Einstein ! Einstein pick up he suitcase , and rush out of the door , and close it behind he . witherspoon ( to mortimer ) now , mister witherspoon ... mortimer no , no , you be mister witherspoon , I be mister brewster . witherspoon ( laugh ) it 's contagious , yes . it 's you turn . mortimer now , do not play game ... witherspoon you sign . you sign as next of kin . mortimer oh , next of kin . why do not you say so ? I be all confuse . do not mind I . teddy appear on the balcony , all dress up in he colonial costume , but without the helmet . teddy Mr. witherport . witherspoon spoon . mortimer pick up a spoon on the table and give it to witherspoon . mortimer oh , here it be . teddy come up and pack my duffel . witherspoon duffel ? mortimer yes , duffel . pack he duffel . he 's President , you know ? witherspoon oh ! teddy and bring along my bugle . witherspoon look on the table , where the bugle be , and then at mortimer . mortimer make a little agreement sign . mortimer President . witherspoon pick up the bugle , and start walk upstairs . he stop after a few step , as if he be hesitate . mortimer do not charge ! mortimer and witherspoon be exchange face . martha and Abby be whisper into each other 's ear . ABBY mortimer . mortimer , we be really very worried about something . mortimer oh , now , darling , do not be worried . he kiss Abby . martha I too , mortimer . mortimer well , of course , darling . he kiss martha . mortimer you will both be go to be very happy at happy Dale , will you . martha oh yes , dear , we be very happy about the whole thing , but that 's just it . we do not want anything to go wrong . mortimer well , what would go wrong ? ABBY mortimer , will they investigate that signature ? mortimer oh , no , they will not look up Dr. Einstein ... martha but it 's not he signature , dear . it 's yours . mortimer mine ? ABBY you see , you sign as next of kin . mortimer oh , what 's wrong about that , darling ? ABBY well ... martha , you tell he now . martha well , dear . mortimer what , dear ? martha you be not really a brewster . mortimer , who have a happy smile on he face until now , suddenly look very surprised . mortimer huh ? what ? what ? ABBY you mother come to we as a cook . and you be bear about three month afterwards . and she be such a sweet woman and such a good cook , we do not want to lose she . so brother marry she . you real father be a cook , too . he be a chef on a tramp steamer . mortimer you mean ... you mean I be not really a brewster ?... oh ! he almost fall backward . both sister catch he up . martha oh , darling ! do not feel so badly about it . ABBY I be sure it will not make any difference to Elaine . he yell several whooping cry and then kiss they both very affectionately . then he rush to the window , jump into the open window -seat , open the drape and yell outside . mortimer Elaine ! Elaine ! where be you ? can you hear I ? I be not really a brewster ! I be the son of a sea cook ! we hear Elaine scream . Elaine come run upstairs from the cellar . elaine mortimer ! mortimer ! mortimer ! it 's true ! it 's true ! I see they . mortimer , it 's true . rooney and saunder come out of the kitchen . elaine it 's true ! there be thirteen body down there ! mortimer try to make she shut up , and succeed only by kissing she very passionately on the mouth . elaine ( mumble through mortimer 's mouth ) but I see they lieutenant rooney what 's all this scream about ? Elaine try to put a few word but mortimer keep on kissing she . elaine ( mumble through mortimer 's mouth ) but I see they ... mortimer it 's way past she bedtime . with he mouth still press on she , he lift she and carry she across the room to the front door . mortimer quiet ! elaine but , mortimer ... mortimer Goodbye ! he open the door and rush outside . the two sister come to the door , wave goodby to he . ABBY bye . martha Goodbye , darling ! lieutenant rooney what be all this ? ABBY they be go on they honeymoon . lieutenant rooney well , they be off to a fly start . the two sister burst laugh and turn to the door . brewster residence - exterior night mortimer come out of the house , still carry Elaine with he mouth press on she . o' hara and the cab driver , who be chat together , jump up and look at the strange couple . mortimer , still carry Elaine , move along the house , with the cab driver follow he . o'hara ( finish the story he be tell the cab driver ) I pull my gun at ... cab driver hey ! mortimer what ? elaine I really do see ... cab driver hey ! you will own two cab ! mortimer huh ? cab driver I mean the meter ! Elaine , eventually , come out of she hysteria . she put she arm around mortimer , and talk to he in a very sweet voice . elaine oh , mortimer . they kiss very tenderly . the cab driver come closer to the couple and look at they close - eye face . cab driver ( imitate Elaine 's voice ) oh , mortimer . mortimer turn to he . mortimer ( to the cab driver ) oh , we be go to Niagara Falls . call I a cab , dear . cab driver yes , love . the cab driver realize he mistake and check himself . cab driver but , mister brewster ! mortimer no , no , I be not a brewster . I be a son of a sea cook . he laugh and lift a very surprised Elaine on he shoulder , and run through the churchyard towards reverend harper 's house . mortimer charge ! the cab driver put he hand to he face , then take they away and yell : cab driver I be not a cabdriver . I be a coffeepot ! with one hand on he cap , and the other hand extend on he side , he mime a coffeepot . in the background , we see mortimer enter the house , with Elaine still on he shoulder . the cab driver drop he arm and walk back to he taxi . fade out to black screen the end end credit both the word '' the end» and the credit be write in white letter on a cartoon represent a village with a sorceress fly on a broomstick above the village .