arthur written by Peter baynham 10/16/09 ext . manhattan - night a homeless man , who from he tatty suit may have be a top broker this time last year , be pick through a bin in Manhattan 's desert night - time financial district . the street start to vibrate . a terrifying growl approach . a huge black shape smashes into view - the dark knight be batmobile ! we audience wonder if they have wander into the wrong movie . the homeless man dive for cover . bam ! the batmobile smashes into a row of park car . we hear manic laugh from inside the car , which screech and career violently into a sign read ` wall STREET ' . siren herald three police car in hot pursuit . the batmobile roar up Wall Street , bashing against the New York stock Exchange , thumping up and down the Federal Hall 's step and finally smash at high speed into the rear end of the famous ' charge bull ' statue . two enormous bronze testicles thud onto the batmobile 's bonnet and roll away . the cop car screech up , surround the batmobile . two older cop and a rookie surround it , weapon draw . a helicopter appear , blaze the batmobile in white light . rookie cop cooool . a older cop flash the rookie a dirty look , then point a flashlight into a tiny window . the batman - actually drunken English socialite arthur bach templemead in a costume - lower the window and offer a handshake . arthur even , constable ! older cop 1 ( see it all before ) hi , Arthur . arthur be you familiar with the expression ` I can explain everything ' ? older cop 1 out of the car , please . 2 . arthur terribly sorry , but in the film they use a different model to show the old batchap get in and out . this one have no door , so I would have to squeeze out the back arsehole first . which nobody want ... ( to cop 2 ) apart from you , cheeky monkey ! ( beat ) it 's a joke ! okay , okay . Arthur wriggle awkwardly out of a rear hatch . the bronze bull teeter , a little scarily . he stand , wobbly . his batman utility belt feature a big water pistol , a firework , a hip flask and line of shot glass . and , inexplicably , a big red stapler . the young cop be desperately fight the giggle . older cop 1 okay , explain everything . arthur well . what with have spunke 1.6 million fat albert on this little runaround , I think why not take it a step further and try to actually collar a few not -er do well ? it work for the billionaire Bruce Wayne , why not the future billionaire Arthur bach - templemead ? will I have to do traffic school ? older cop 2 how much have you drunk , Arthur ? arthur to use the technical medical term - megabloodyshitloads . either that or I have have a stroke ! but fret not , I have a designate driver . the cop shine he flashlight back inside , revealing a beard homeless old man in a crappy 60s ` robin ' costume . homeless robin where 's my five thousand dollar ? Arthur count out a huge wad of cash . arthur the Boy homeless here neglect to say he would never drive . ( more ) 3. arthur ( cont 'd ) or that the only reason he 's sober be to be ready for the conspiracy of leopard about to seize Manhattan . homeless robin it 's lizard ! English prick ! Arthur hand another wad of cash to cop 1 . arthur I trust this will cover all repair to New York and any inconvenience to you good selve ? he turn and try to get back in . arthur ( cont 'd ) up up and away ! ah , no , that 's the other chap . the bronze bull collapse fully , crush the batmobile . int . 23rd precinct . cell - night - later Arthur sit , minus mask , in a cell with homeless Robin and various criminals and drunk , include a huge guy in a chicago cub shirt , sport a terrifically swollen eye . jay , a drunk with a bandage neck , be ranting away at Arthur , who 's pay close attention , genuinely fascinate . Cash stick out of various pocket . jay then the crazy motherfucker cut I ! arthur goodness . why ? jay Said I cut the bombita with pig killer ! arthur rude man . and who throw hot americano in whose face again ? jay I do in he . no half and half neither . that shit burnt ! jay laugh hard , as do gary , another crook . Arthur , out of politeness , try to join in the laughter . 4. gary I burnt my sister 's hair . jay ( high five he ) cool ... gary Ho want to evict I , just ' cause I do not fit she definition of hygiene . plenty of place to take a shit , toilet 's just one of they . just ask the a-rab . arthur it 's like a chat show , this . ( look into a imaginary camera ) it 's be say of my next guest , by jay the bandage lunatic , that she 's `a sick -ass , whacked - out , whacked - up asswipe ' . ( to a prostitute ) carmella , when do you first dream of become a crack whore ? prostitute mother die when I be six . arthur oh g-d , I hate when that happen . prostitute my father rape I when I be twelve . arthur sound like you have six relatively good year . jay what do you do ? arthur I model riding boot , I spend money , I sleep with woman . but I have weekend off and I be my own boss . the cell door swing open . older cop 1 hey , the drunk knight . you Fairy G - d-lawyer 's here . 5 . arthur ( stand ) I never think New York 's underbelly could be quite such agreeable company . I shall never forget you . farewell . the crook look back at he sulkily . Arthur look guilty . int . 23rd precinct . corridor . night - later Arthur 's attorney elverton devere be leave with he . devere I do not think you mother will be pleased , Arthur . arthur really , elverton - if a chap can not help out a few chum , whatever they station in life . the other crook from the cell be leave alongside they . arthur ( cont 'd ) each have give he or she word to put the criminal life behind they . ext . 23rd precinct . night - continuous Arthur step into a blaze of paparazzi flash . arthur I be the batman . gotham can sleep easy tonight . jay ( point at a cameraman ) do not point that shit at I , bitch ! I will fuck you up ! jay attack the cameraman violently . Gary pile in . homeless robin yes ! yes ! kill the lizard ! Arthur push past the press . PRESS Arthur ! what will you mother say ? do not she send you here to get you out of the british papers ? Arthur ! 6 . he turn to that crook who be not fight . arthur anyone need a job ? my last driver resign after I fill he limo with squirrel . preferably sober , clean drive licence ? the crook all look unsure . apart from one .... title ext . manhattan - night a different , extremely flashy car zip through Central Park , the back full of release crook , the huge Chicago guy - he name 's marty - at the wheel . the car pass a male jogger . it stop and back up . Arthur open a door and beckon the jogger , offer champagne . the jogger get in . the car set off again . arthur ( o.s. ) anyone know a good bar ? ext . club - night the car pull up outside a very rough - look dive club . out fall Arthur , laugh he head off , along with champagne bottle , football and rich boy 's toy . follow he be he crook friend , the jogger , two middle - aged tourist and a dancing man in a leotard twirling a big sign read ` cheap apartment rental !' like the pie piper , Arthur lead he disciple into the bar . jump CUT to : ext . bar - later Arthur stagger out , lead a bigger crowd ! ( in a conga ? ) he 's even more drunk , arm in arm with carmella the prostitute and a very attractive young woman , sofia . he produce a big rocket . arthur stand back ! he release the firework ; it fly at a crazy drunk angle , people scream and diving for cover . it explode into a shop sign read ` check cashed '. 7. carmella ( laughing ) oh , man . nobody tell you about the recession ? arthur the what ? ext . manhattan - night a very long line of excited people stand at a ATM , Arthur at the front . arthur Roll up , roll up , folk , let 's fix this thing right now . ( to he first customer ) how much , sir ? first man um. $ 800 please . arthur come right up . ( key it in ) fries with that ? the man laugh , along with other in the line , include sofia who catch he eye . arthur ( cont 'd ) congratulation everyone ! the recession' over ! Arthur dial a number on he gold iphone . arthur ( cont 'd ) Pierre ? Arthur bach - templemead . can you squeeze I in for a little snack ? yeah , just I and a couple of mate . int . fancy restaurant - night - continuous the maitre D ' enter from the kitchen and be stunne to find the restaurant incredibly stuff with people , so there 's stand room only . people be even sit on table . it 's a very eclectic mix of people . a angry , stuffy old man and he wife and daughter sit horrify at the center . 8. Arthur 's flanke by carmella the prostitute and sofia from the ATM line . arthur Pierre ! we would like 182 pate de foie gras , 182 chateaubriand steak , a motherlode of chip and you entire wine cellar please . the daughter of the stuffy couple - she 's erica - speak . erica Arthur ? arthur ( taken aback ) erica ? Fancy meeting you here ! er ... everybody , this be erica - the very best friend forever of my girlfriend Susan . and erica 's parent Ernest and Margaret . ( to erica and she parent ) be you familiar with the expression ` I can not explain anything ' ? erica who be the woman with you , Arthur ? arthur oh , um , this be sofia . I believe she work for avis . check the car for ding , dead people in the trunk , that sort of thing . and this be carmella . anyway ... erica's father what do you do , carmella ? carmella whatever you want . but no penetration without a rubber . it 's all go a bit tense . arthur carmella 's joke . she 's actually a...queen . of a very small country . erica's father be she now ? arthur it 's terribly small . 9 . erica's father I see . arthur rhode Island could beat the crap out of it in a war . erica's father yes , it 's a small place . arthur 85 cent in a cab from one end of the country to the other . I be talk small . erica's father I think I understand how small it be . arthur just have the entire country carpete , this be not a big place . erica's father you need to grow up , Arthur . arthur that 's easy for you to say , you have not get 50 pair of short trousers hang in you closet . maybe we should go somewhere else . erica maybe you should . he get out he ultra-exclusive Black Visa Card . arthur could I have all that lobster to go , please ? ext . pierre HOTEL - day the bright dawn sun explode on the window of Arthur 's castle - like $ 56 million penthouse atop the Pierre Hotel . int . arthur' apartment - day - continuous a huge jacuzzi be full of content liberated lobster , surround by the most amazing toy boat armada in history . 10 . we cut around the vast , opulent 20 's apartment , scattered with unconscious reveller from last night . a mixture of old extravagance and modern excess , the place be stuff with the toy of the boy who have everything : a old gun cabinet be stack with enormous water rifle . a ` bodyworld ' plastinate corpse be pose , swinging from a chandelier , a bottle of champagne in its hand . damien hurst 's shark in formaldehyde be half out of its smashed tank , a reveller' feet protrude from its jaw . unconscious partygoer be slump on plush seat in a home cinema theme to look like the set of ` roadrunner ' , while a screen play episode of the cartoon . a naked couple lie in a sleep embrace in a room convert entirely into a sandpit , complete with giant toy . Big Chicago marty , Arthur 's new driver , lie on a big sofa , consulting he sport pager . homeless Robin be fill pan and antique vase with water . a huge photo of Arthur modell riding boot fill a wall , beside a old red London telephone box , convert into a aquarium , bubbling with colorful fish . girl ( o.s. ) ( panting ) more british ! int . bedroom - day - continuous bowler-hatted Arthur and sofia be have sex ... arthur Cup of tea ? Nice hot cup of hot rosy Lee right up you fanny ? .... beneath a rotate solar system mobile good enough to grace a national planetarium , on a bed float magnetically three foot above the floor . int . arthur' apartment . hallway - day - continuous a key be turn and the door to the apartment open . a sensible woman' shoe step over a reveller . 11 . int . arthur' apartment . arthur' bedroom - day - continuous Arthur and sofia be in a even great frenzy . the float bed be wobble scarily . arthur Hugh grant Mr bean self deprecation mad cow disease Yorkshire pudding bad tooth rain rain rain rain ! int . arthur' apartment . great room - day - continuous a older woman' hand pull on a surgical glove . int . arthur' apartment . arthur' bedroom - day - continuous the older woman enter the room carry a plastic tray as used at airport security . this be jane hobson , the british aristocracy 's longest - serve nanny . arthur ( brightly , as he hump ) Morning , hobson ! unfaze , hobson busy herself pick up Arthur 's trousers , and empty wallet , matchbook , and iphone into the tray . hobson Morning , Arthur . she hit a remote . the curtain fly open . a huge tv flip on , show news coverage of Arthur 's antic last night . hobson ( cont 'd ) I be afraid you impromptu stimulus package fail to reignite the economy . ( read a receipt ) De cache cocktail Lounge : $ 23,897 ? arthur umm ... celebration of kwanzaa . hobson 's read a text on Arthur 's phone : ` so excited you funding my movie ! ' hobson the African heritage festival celebrate five month from now ? she reply : ` I be drunk . piss off . ' 12. arthur ( notice sofia 's stop have sex with he ) why be you stop ? oh , sorry . how impolite of I . sofia , this be hobson , my nanny . sofia nanny ? hobson he 's merely shape like a adult . sofia be she go to stay here ? arthur hobson , could you come back in a minute and a half please ? hobson negative . you be see you mother this morning . arthur nobody tell I . hobson actually I do , on the other side of the vast moat of champagne know as `last night ' . hobson pick up sofia 's panty and bra from the floor like a crime scene officer . hobson ( cont 'd ) I would not recommend let he get use to you breast , dear . addictive personality . he be at mine until he be six . arthur hobson ! really ... hobson I have to dab tabasco sauce on the nipple to see he off ... sofia I can not do this . she pull away from Arthur , grab she clothes and jump out of bed , nearly tipping Arthur out . 13. hobson I support you decision 100 % . will you be require a taxi , or just be get in a random pass car ? sofia storm to the door , clutching she clothes . Arthur can see other reveller be remove by HOTEL security . hobson ( cont 'd ) say goodbye to you new friend , Arthur . they have to go back to the recession now . Arthur cover he head with the sheet . arthur cancel my mother please , hobson . I will work from bed today . but hobson hit a touch - sensitive screen on the wall . the magnetic bed thud to the ground . she tap another control . music : horrible , deafening death metal arthur ( cont 'd ) not the death metal , please ! hobson ( shouting over the music ) be not you a fan of carcass ? hobson read off a album cover in a little wall screen . hobson ( cont 'd ) ` vomit anal tract ' be surely a classic of its genre . arthur okay , okay , i'll get up ! Arthur sit up . hobson stop the music . hobson good boy . arthur I be go for a shower . hobson I will alert the media . 14 . ext . balcony shower - day Arthur stand naked in he shower - a big glass cube jutting out from the balcony like something from a David blaine stunt . hot jet of water be blast from hole in the cube 's ceiling . Arthur can see Manhattan far beneath he bare foot as he shower . arthur ( singing ) to bombay , a travel circus come ... Arthur grab a pair of binocular which hang on a hook . hobson they bring a intelligent elephant and nellie be she name ... hobson ! we see hobson on a little screen inset into the glass wall . she 's on a phone at Arthur 's computer . arthur female Tom hank ! int . sitting room - day - continuous hobson - in front of a Ebay screen full of purchase - pick up she own pair of binocular and look down . arthur ( o.s. ) head east towards Park Avenue . through hobson 's binocular we see a middle - aged businesswoman who do look vaguely like a female Tom hank ! hobson she 's early today ... arthur can we invite she up and dress she as forrest gump ? hobson no . arthur just for a laugh ! we will pay she . hobson do you armpit . ( into phone ) ( more ) 15 . hobson ( cont 'd ) Mr. Miller ? my employer inexplicably agree to purchase you ... ( read screen ) ` authentic 1981 ` funshine ' Care bear ' ? for $ 11000 plus shipping cost ? sorry , but that transaction will take place over my dead body , and I be feel rather well today . int . shower - day Arthur 's still peer down through he binocular . arthur ( o.s. ) hobson ! that be you birthday present ! you like bear ! a priest with thin sideburn emerge from a diner ... arthur ( cont 'd ) Father wolverine ... a masturbating man in a 70 th story apartment opposite ... arthur ( cont 'd ) wank Williams ... that man have the constitution of a ox . hobson glance up at Arthur , wash himself on the screen . hobson that remind I , clean you genitals . Heaven know what wildlife that girl be harbour between she thigh . int . arthur' dojo . day - later Arthur , in expensive baggy yoga pants and collarless shirt , be do self - invent yoga to indian `meditation ' music . arthur I give you ` sideway farting spider ' . hobson be sit , exasperate , go through various expenditure . hobson Arthur , you have to stop give money away ! 16 . arthur I be a philanthropist . hobson with the emphasis on the vpiss ' . really , what be it about unearn wealth that bring out such idiocy in that who have it and that who want it ? the way you be go , you will have spend you inheritance before you have inherite it . arthur ( shift to new pose ) ` Eagle point at lesbian . ' hobson why do you fire jessica ? arthur what kind of yoga teacher will not let a pupil invent position ? she be a Nazi with a pan pipe C.D. ( changing pose ) ` upward poop astronaut ' . hobson interesting . it look more like ` Rich twit hide from mother . ' May I remind you , she finances you preposterous existence ... arthur I know , I know . never bite the hand that fist I . ext . manhattan - day Arthur and hobson be in a huge bentley . marty 's at the wheel , still in he cub shirt but sport a chauffeur 's cap and tie . as he drive , he check a bleep sport pager . he nearly hit a pedestrian , then go back to the pager . marty sorry , fella . hobson ( conspiratorial ) you do not seriously intend to keep employ this gentleman ? 17 . arthur give the guy a chance , hobson . he get laid off in Chicago ... hobson but he do not know he way around New York ! arthur so ? I want interesting , fun people around I , not drone who just get the job do ... Arthur see something out of the window . arthur ( cont 'd ) marty ! stop the car ! marty hit the brake , pitching Arthur and hobson forward . ext . midtown manhattan - night Arthur hurry up to a SMALL group of tourist . woman ( o.s. ) the Chrysler Building . design by William Van Allen ... a tour guide wear a name badge read ` naomi ' be talk . she be gorgeous , wear vintage clothes , clutching a clipboard . we understand why Arthur stop the car . naomi ... and inspire by the machine age of the 1920 , this magnificent structure be the world 's tallest building for 11 month before the Empire State steal its thunder . she look out on she sullen , miserable tourist . naomi ( cont 'd ) the Chrysler get its name when the builder go bust in the 1928 cement famine and have to melt down he Chrysler to make the pointy bit at the top . if you peer closely you can still make out remnant of a hub cap and a sticker read ` honk twice if you vote Hoover . ' some tourist laugh . some do not . Arthur 's transfix . 18. naomi ( cont 'd ) that be a joke , folk . it be build for the Chrysler corporation . naomi share a eye roll with a newsstand guy who 's clearly in love with she . naomi ( cont 'd ) the spire be a beauty , especially on a winter 's morning when the sun hit it and it just seem to ... grumpy female tourist ( interrupting ) how tall be it ? naomi 1047 foot madam , not allow for pigeon shit . okay , let 's cross . naomi lead the tourist across the busy road . she have to go back to grab a teenager in the headphone , who do not hear . Arthur hurry alongside naomi . arthur can I join you tour please ? naomi sure . it 's $ 15 , plus $ 5 for the free authentic street pretzel . sorry , my boss make the price . Arthur produce he wallet full of high - end credit card . naomi ( cont 'd ) sorry . I can not take card . ( beat ) ah , owe I it . I start on that corner every day on the hour ... just as naomi 's reach the other side , a cabbie , drive very aggressively , nearly hit she . naomi ( cont 'd ) hey , you big blind jerk ! do not you braille windshield work ? cabbie ( angry ) ! no I hinchan las pelotas ! 19 . naomi peguelo encima do su asno , usted pinchazo grande su madre es UN puta enorma y su padre no tiene ninguin martillo ! the cabbie 's shocked - but laugh and blow naomi a kiss . she smile back . arthur wow . what do you say ? naomi just generalise criticism of he parent and genitals . ( to the tourist ) everyone make it over alive ? excellent . next we enter Times Square , world famous for New Year 's Eve , when a waterford Crystal Ball descend at eye-poppingly slow speed for the inexplicable entertainment of a million drunk fool . many people think the square be actually a square , despite blatant evidence otherwise . ( to arthur ) Sir ? what shape be Times Square ? arthur a circle ? naomi ( laugh ) see ? moron . more tourist laugh this time . some ... grumpy male tourist when do we get the pretzel ? naomi soon , sir . soon. she check she watch and lead the party inside a laundromat . naomi ( cont 'd ) okay , next the very laundromat once use by George gershwin , Donald trump ... 20 . int . laundromat - night - continuous naomi approach a wash machine just as it end its cycle and make a loud buzz . naomi ... Mr Big from sex and the City and three of the 9 - 11 terrorist . she start unload the machine of a large man 's white - vest , underwear , shirt , all stain red by a baseball cap . naomi ( cont 'd ) oh , dad . she transfer the laundry into a tumble dryer and feed it quarter . Arthur stay close . naomi ( cont 'd ) the welsh poet Dylan Thomas drank himself to death at the chelsea Hotel half a hour after lose a sock in this very dryer . arthur ( conspiratorial ) be you abuse this tour to do you errand ? naomi be you abuse the tour to stalk I ? arthur absolutely . Arthur stare at the big tumble dryer . arthur ( cont 'd ) this thing be amazing . have you ever put all you father 's clothes on and just get inside one ? naomi look at he , bemuse but intrigue as she head to the door . ext . time square - day hobson 's out of the car look for Arthur . hobson where the blaze be that boy ? Arthur ! 21 . ext . STREET - day - continuous they emerge into the street . naomi ahead , the jewel in Manhattan 's crown , the Empire State Building . this iconic symbol of american corporate might be adapt during World War 2 in case of attack from enemy force . at three minute ' notice the entire structure can retract into the ground like a tortoise 's head . tourist that 's not possible . I should know , I be a civil engineer . naomi you be not be very civil to I . some tourist laugh . arthur the building do not retract ; the ground rise up . naomi exactly . the ground rise up ! thank you , sir . arthur they be go to install giant leg so if a plane be fly at the tower it could run away . but where 's it go to run ? naomi Manhattan 's in the way . arthur it would have to jump in the Hudson . naomi Victory to the Nazis . be that what you want ? the group approach a pretzel stand . naomi ( cont 'd ) okay , folk , you pretzel await . the group line up to get they pretzel . 22. naomi ( cont 'd ) do I know you from somewhere ? arthur if you go on Perez Hilton or tmz . naomi what be they ? arthur the gossip website . naomi that the internet ? ah , my computer 's too old for all that . arthur for the internet ? seriously ? naomi life 's too short for all this obsessive upgrade . arthur you consider the internet a upgrade ? wow . naomi so why do people gossip about you ? arthur ah , that be a joke . I be nobody . Arthur feel a tap on he shoulder . hobson . hobson you be late for you mother ! naomi ( to arthur ) sorry , this pretzel stand be a water hole for the crazy . ( raise she voice to hobson ) the soup kitchen 's just up and to the leave , honey . arthur hobson , this be ... ( read she badge ) naomi . naomi she 's with you ? 23. hobson delighted to meet you , naomi . normally one have to go to a bowl alley to meet a woman of you stature . naomi ooh , grandma 's get joke . hobson you be not the first woman who walk the street this young man have ask . naomi who 's this ? Joan Rivers ' older bitterer sister ? arthur my nanny . naomi obviously . seriously , who be she ? arthur my nanny . well , she start as that , but this day she 's more of a all - round enforcer and bodyguard . naomi look at she watch and glance to the tourist , chew on they pretzel . she start to walk away . naomi sorry , I have to get out the cattle prod and haul ass . get another tour start in eight minute . arthur can I call you ? naomi start to walk away . naomi I do not give my number to grow man with nanny . but as you may not be a grow man , it 's 917 476 2030 . Manhattan swallow the lovely stranger . 24 . int . templemead holding - day - continuous they cross a huge foyer , pass a big sign read ` templemead holding inc ' to the elevator . arthur but what if this be the one ? hobson this be just like the komodo dragon . everyone else be happy to see one in the zoo and leave it there . you have to own one . thank goodness that handbag manufacturer be prepare to take the poor lizard away . arthur ( horrified ) you say he 's in London Zoo ! hobson he be , Arthur . be you the only one allow to joke now ? int . templemead holding . reception area - day reception be manned by grant , a too-cool - for-school , young Aryan beefcake straight out of a abercrombie &amp ; fitch spread . Arthur and hobson enter . arthur I do not like it here . hobson of course you do not . people work here . grant ( hate arthur ) good afternoon , Mr bach - templemead . arthur hi grant . tell I - which of you parent be you most like ? abercrombie or fitch ? grant ( do not get the joke ) I have no connection with that store . my family name be von krausehoff . take a seat please . 25 . Arthur and hobson sit down . grant pick up a phone . grant ( cont 'd ) vivienne ? ( conspiratorial , flirty ) White mid-rise brief ...mmmm . hobson do not fret , Arthur . this will not take long . then we will have ice cream . a large office door open spookily of its own accord . vivienne ( o.s. ) come in , Arthur . Arthur head to the door . vivienne bach-templemead a formidable , tan american widow in she sixty , shake he hand . vivienne ( cont 'd ) Arthur . arthur vivienne . vivienne you know I prefer `mother ' . arthur I be sorry . you look more like a vivienne . vivienne nod to hobson as the door to she lair shut . a icy breeze pass between biological mother and surrogate . int . vivienne's office - day - continuous the office boast many glass case full of trophy and frame photo of vivienne 's young self showjump and hold trophy aloft . there 's one small photo of vivienne , Arthur 's late father gerald and Arthur as a toddler . vivienne 's engross in a document , make notation . Arthur , clearly uncomfortable here , sit in a low sofa before she . vivienne ( not look up ) so. how be you , Arthur ? arthur quite busy . I have a riding boot shoot for petrie dressage ... 26 . but vivienne 's bury in she work , not listen . arthur ( cont 'd ) what else ... I be meeting ivanka trump for brunch to discuss the environment . she 's send she helicopter to avoid the traffic ... vivienne 's still not listen . arthur ( cont 'd ) crashed my batmobile into the bronze bull on Wall Street ... she 's still not listen . have it always be like this ? arthur ( cont 'd ) ... which cause a hole to swallow up the New York stock Exchange ... she 's still not listen . arthur ( cont 'd ) .. the world economy to collapse and the planet to descend into looting and cannibalism . still not listen . arthur ( cont 'd ) what else ? um ... trip over in the shower this morning . head split open , find a family of meerkat hide in there ! hate the think of the little lad be homeless so I brick up the remain half of my brain , pop they back in and hobson glue my skull back together . still not listen . arthur ( cont 'd ) I be think of buy a giant . I think the market 's right for it . Arthur stop . he watch vivienne . he let out a huge belch . nothing . a big fart . nothing . Opera . nothing . arthur ( cont 'd ) you really be a shoddy mother . vivienne eventually look up . 27 . vivienne do I hear you say you be meeting ivanka trump for brunch ? that 's nice . right . today we be go to have a friendly chat . then a serious talk . and lastly make a timetable . how do all that sound ? arthur amazing . do you have any vodka ? vivienne what happen , Arthur ? you be such a sweet baby . arthur I still wake up in my own poo occasionally . vivienne right , that 's it for the chat . time to transition to we talk . vivienne hit a remote control . a large wall - mount screen fill with a change collage of he drunk , dance , puke , make out with woman , beside countless news headline . vivienne ( cont 'd ) this insanity have to end , Arthur . as the delightful coffee- coloured gentleman who run this country say , ` the time have come to set aside childish thing . ' arthur can not hobson set they aside for I ? vivienne Susan be a splendid girl . her foot be on the ground , she 's of fine stock ... arthur ( get up ) oh . that 's what this be all about . I be not marrying Susan . I do not love she . vivienne and ? you think I spend my marriage to you father skip through meadow ? 28 . arthur not after you run he over in the bentley , no . Susan 's boring . she 's not funny . vivienne ditto you father . the aristocracy do not marry for `fun ' , Arthur . it 's about stability . Continuity ... arthur ... and sink you fang into Susan 's father 's bank account . vivienne the Johnson family 's considerable equity in a stormy financial period be merely a side issue . burt be a pillar of the community . arthur his baby formula be take off the market in six African country ! vivienne a completely innocent error in place where there 's precious little for child to live for anyway . the family all get gift basket as compensation . that little bump in the road aside , burt be a devout Christian . arthur yes , because they be never insane . and where do he get Jesus ? vivienne ( getting exasperated ) burt pay he debt to society year ago . arthur he strangle a fireman ! who strangle a fireman ? vivienne Arthur ... 29 . arthur I be sorry , vivienne . I have meet someone else very lovely who , as far as I know , be not related to anyone who would kill a unsung hero in cold blood . vivienne un-meet she . Arthur , you be the end of we line . we need a heir . arthur I nearly give you a heir ! vivienne oh , give I strength ! a bach - templemead have a child by a lap dancer call ` mystery ' ? arthur that be just she stage name ! to give she more mystery when she ... wave she fanny around . her real name be ... what be it again ? vivienne Susan be 33 this year . her egg inventory have drop by 23 % since you meet she . you risk have no son , or worse , some pea-brain hunchback who hug everyone ! arthur great ! I like hug ! and some of they be really good at math . ( head to the door ) you know the ` frog and toad ' book ? vivienne no . arthur of course you do not . hobson read they to I while you be off riding horse over stripey pole . they be about fun and friendship , not how many unspasticate tadpole I can squirt up a rich girl . vivienne you father would turn in he grave to hear this nonsense ... 30 . arthur that I will not follow in he footstep and marry a woman I hate ? I think he might climb out of the grave and dance on it . vivienne suit yourself . vivienne hold up the document she be notate earlier . vivienne ( cont 'd ) my will , which I have update to designate grant in reception as the sole beneficiary . arthur you would not ! you be my ... vivienne ... vivienne ? try I . vivienne open a draw and take out a huge ring BOX . vivienne ( cont 'd ) shall we segue to the timetable part of we meeting ? int . arthur' apartment - day the liberated lobster be now live happily at the bottom of the London phone box aquarium . Arthur eat lunch alone at a huge table , the biggest diamond ring in the world be beside he . hobson bring a plate of vitamin . hobson ah . the ring you father give you mother , I recall . arthur ( feel its huge weight ) do he knock she out with it , then drive she to the church in the trunk of he bentley ? hobson no . you father be a gentleman . arthur what 's gentlemanly about die before I know he ? that 's just rude . do he ever love my mother ? 31 . hobson they have they day . arthur ah well . at least he do not have to wake up every day to a woman with a face like saran wrap stretch over a gargoyle . Arthur stare at the ring again . arthur ( cont 'd ) what about naomi ? hobson Arthur . I say this with love : arthur uh-oh ... hobson even by modern male standard you be a breathtakingly immature little shit . couple with the kind of money you have access to , that 's deadly . Susan may not have a four hour stand up routine about the flatiron Building , but she 's a solid girl who will look after you . arthur I have you for that . hobson not forever . arthur yes forever . you be hobson . int . naomi be apartment - day - continuous naomi answer a giant old cellphone in she modest apartment , cooking for she dad , ralph , a bear of a man slump in front of the tv watch CSI . a picture of naomi and she elderly mother , in hospital , be on the wall . naomi hello ? ( silence ) hello ? 32 . arthur ( o.s , on phone ) ( mock sinister ) this be you English stalker . naomi ( unfazed ) oh , hi ! what 's up ? arthur I be sorry , I have never really understand that question . be you free tomorrow night ? naomi sorry , I be polish my yacht . int . arthur' apartment - day - continuous Arthur 's on the toilet in a bathroom whose wall be entirely cover in a photographic mural to make it look like he 's sit at the top of a ski slope , with skis on he foot . arthur be that a euphemism for something naughty ? naomi no , it 's a lie . I have a creative write class . tonight ? Arthur glance down at the ring box on the floor . arthur I have a contractual commitment . Friday ? naomi you get it . arthur Paper . naomi sorry ? a voice- activate toilet paper dispenser spit out a sheet . arthur sorry , I be talk to something else . so . what do you want to do ? 33. int . naomi's apartment . day - continuous naomi dish out the food on cheap plate . it 's all a big contrast to Arthur 's set . naomi a movie ? arthur Movie ? come on , you have get to try harder than that . naomi pizza . arthur what have you always want to do ? naomi it 's a first date , Arthur . not we honeymoon . arthur every date will be we honeymoon . naomi ( mock disgust ) ewww . okay , uh , picnic in the park ... or dinner with a view . I like view . int . arthur' apartment - day - continuous Arthur 's stand at a sink . a list be beside he , read ` picnic in park , movie , dinner , view . ' arthur what sort of food do you like ? naomi anything but gut and mushroom . okay , enough question . arthur oh come on . this all help build up a profile of you before I trick you into my basement . I would hate to not have you favourite snack ready . naomi Turkey jerky and pez . be we do ? just that I .... 34 . the line go dead . hobson be stand behind Arthur , the rip out phone cord in she hand . hobson time to get engage , Arthur . the komodo dragon can wait . ext . johnson mansion . night the original delorean from ` back to the future ' putter up to burt Johnson 's impose , tacky mansion . the car stop and the gull wing door swing up , revealing a extremely drunk Arthur , clutching a bottle of champagne . int . the johnson mansion - night a extremely stiff , miserable old butler answer . arthur hi ! be it June 19th at 7 pm ? butler no , sir . it 's 8.34 . arthur fuck ! we overshot ! time travel can be a real cunt sometimes , do not you think ? I will be right back . see you in a hour and a half ago ... the butler do not laugh . int . burth study - day - later Arthur and the butler enter the large , panele study . butler would you care for anything while you wait ? arthur a trampoline and a selection of woodland creature if that 's not too much trouble . the butler leave . Arthur gaze around the room , which be fill with antique Christian iconography . the ceiling fan be in the shape of a cross . a large , scary Jesus statue , palm outstretch , stare at he from beside a fish tank . he see a cocktail cabinet . 35 . arthur ( cont 'd ) ah ! ( to jesus ) shhhhh ... he open the cabinet . nothing but bottle of water . arthur ( cont 'd ) bollock . ( to jesus ) sorry . actually , you could not , um .... you know ... ( point to the water ) ... turn this into a nice 1990 romanee conti , could you ? he sip the water as if it 's wine . lift it to Jesus . arthur ( cont 'd ) cheer ear . he check out a huge , very old , rusty sword on the wall . beneath it be a small information plaque . arthur ( cont 'd ) ` genuine sword of the first crusade . excavate Germany , 1972 ' . he look around , then reach up and take it off . it 's very heavy and clank to the ground , slamm he foot . arthur ( cont 'd ) Jesus Fucking Christ ! ( to jesus ) sorry . it 's not like you shout ` Arthur Fucking bach ' when they pin you up . sorry . sore subject . Arthur lift the sword again , brandish and twirling it , make the noise of a Star Wars light sabre . arthur ( cont 'd ) feel the force , luke . he swing it in a full arc ... clunk ! Arthur have decapitate Jesus ! where 's the head ? the door open . burt johnson , a large , impose man with a tiny crucifix around he neck , fill the doorway . burt Arthur ! 36 . arthur I , er , have a bit of food stick in my tooth and could not find a toothpick . burt , unperturb , take the sword from Arthur . burt heck , this sword go through three crusade . behead 1000 moslem . nothing you can do to harm it . burt walk straight past headless Jesus to the water cabinet . Arthur look around desperately for the head . arthur you do not , um , have anything stronger , do you ? burt sparkle . Arthur laugh nervously . but burt 's not joke . burt ( cont 'd ) ` the drunkard and the glutton shalt come to poverty : and drowsiness shalt clothe a man with rag . ' arthur surely a glass of sherry at Christmas ? burt clink glass with he . burt peace be with you . arthur and also with I . he see Jesus 's head ! it 's sit on top of one of the blade of the ceiling fan ! burt Arthur . can I be honest with you ? arthur you be the real slim Shady ? I know it ! 37 . burt my faith teach I to hate the sin , not the sinner . but with you , I struggle with that belief . burt turn away to get a glass of water . arthur you could switch to Judaism . ( glance up at the fan ) bit warm in here . do you mind if I put the fan on ? Arthur turn the fan on a low set . it rotate slowly , the head go around with it . burt turn away to pour more water . Arthur grab the moment to speed up the fan again , until it 's go fast enough and Jesus 's head fall off . Arthur catch it . Arthur get behind burt , out of sight temporarily . burt anyway , Arthur . however I feel about you , my daughter love you . arthur yes , it 's a problem , be not it ? Arthur reach out and , unseen by burt , he reach out of shot and put the head back on Jesus 's body . arthur ( cont 'd ) let 's knock we head together and find a way to stop she loving I .... get it ! we will tell she I be on the sex offender register .... no , I be and she know . ( beat ) joke , sorry . ah . we will say I be gay ! I do once dabble actually , so I can tell a plausible story . burt you make love to a guy ? arthur one moslem do not make a mosque , burt . burt you make love to a moslem ? 38 . arthur no , sir , it be Prince alois of Lichtenstein and he make love to I . the fact that it take three bottle of popper and a jacuzzi full of krug to loosen I up confirm my heterosexuality . Arthur notice that Jesus 's head be on backwards . burt pick up a Bible from he desk and quote from memory . burt ` if there be a man who lie with a male , they shall surely be put to death . ' arthur crikey . could not there just be some kind of on - the-spot fine ? burt really hammer the table this time . burt you will stop this talk and marry - my - fuck ... Jesus 's head fall off . Arthur peer around . it 's nowhere ! arthur oh bollock . both Arthur and burt see Jesus 's head at the bottom of the fish tank . it float back up to the top . arthur ( cont 'd ) it 's a miracle ! he be rise ! but susan , burt 's beautiful daughter , enter with she best friend erica - who Arthur meet whilst at the restaurant the other night . arthur ( cont 'd ) hi Susan . erica . burt look from Jesus 's head to the sword , figure it out . susan sorry to make you wait , Arthur . I be talk to you mother . I hear you have something to ask I ! Arthur feel burt 's smile face - and hat eye - on he . 39 . arthur shall we go ? int . restaurant - night a very precise french waiter perform the special menu with ludicrous elan . Susan be rapt , take it all very seriously . waiter ( o.s. ) ... the chef have bath the bass in a parceline of chilean fennel and finish he with a little gift of kobe beef . also I have a progressive taste of kumamoto oyster en gelee which evolve on the palate , from light and refresh to complex and spicy . a short story with a twist at the end ! Le fin . Susan chuckle approvingly , knowingly , the twit . she coo with delight and clap in appreciation . arthur do you have something with less word please ? the chef do not have to re-cook it , just scrape off the noun and trim out all that gibberish in the middle . susan he 's just josh , dominic . I will do the skate in wood ear mushroom . waiter excellent decision . Sir ? arthur a bowl of champagne and a spoon . the waiter leave , despise Arthur . susan Arthur , do you really have to be so icky to dominic ? arthur I be sorry . I just can not handle the whole special act . it 's not a shakespearean soliloquy , it 's some heat up dead thing that be not on the main menu . 40 . a wine waiter slam a bowl and spoon next to Arthur . he pour in champagne . susan you know , I be grumble to you mother about how thing be with we sometimes . how I be sure you be try to drive I away ... Arthur slurp he champagne . arthur um hm . susan but she be explain that relationship be like property purchase ; invest only in high - end stock , avoid anyone 'up - and - come ' , then hold onto the property through thick and thin to deliver maximum return ! be not that darling ? arthur be it possible to buy the house but then rent it out ? sorry , joke . I be not suggest pimping you . Arthur see a very frail , rich old woman drip in diamond , pass by on she walk frame . arthur ( cont 'd ) look . you after we first child be bear . susan Arthur . why can not you learn to laugh at genuinely amusing thing ? arthur such as ? susan YouTube clip of baby giggle . dane cook . arthur Susan . why be we together ? susan I love you , Arthur . and you love I , whatever you think . 41 . arthur we do not have the same sense of humour . we do not like the same film , food , music . you like horse , I think they be arrogant idiot ... susan do not they say opposite attract ? arthur that depend on the opposite . racist and the Nation of Islam do not secretly want to 69 each other . Susan , you be beautiful . you be bright . you be fuck load . be there really no one else who could make you happy ? susan no . arthur never ? susan well , I have a thing at college . that be serious for a while . but daddy ... she stop herself . arthur daddy what ? prayed to Jesus for it not to work out , then shot the bloke behind a meat truck ? because Jesus would consider that cheating . Susan place she hand on Arthur 's . susan ask I , Arthur . Arthur take Susan 's hand . arthur Susan . you be the only woman ... at this table . a waiter top up Susan 's wine . Arthur , now very drunk , hold out he champagne bowl to be refill . 42 . susan you be not happy , Arthur . nobody who drink like you can be happy . arthur how do you know ? what if the drunker I get the better it be for I ? not everyone who drink be a poet , Susan . some of we drink because we be not poet . the waiter arrive with Susan 's fish and Arthur 's drink . susan a real woman could stop you from drink . arthur it would have to be a real big woman . susan ask I , Arthur . Arthur sink to he knee . Susan wait ... and wait . Arthur have pass out . Susan kick he awake . he fumble away in the gloom , get out the ring box and try to get it on she finger . at table level , Susan wait , irritate . arthur ( o.s. ) all do . Susan pull she hand up , and gaze at the huge , glint diamond - push onto the end of she thumb . arthur ( cont 'd ) Susan . would you marry I ? take the weekend if you want ... susan yes , I will marry you . she nod imperceptibly at the waiter . waiter lady and gentleman - the happy couple ! Music start . a congratulatory round of applause . confetti be throw . the whole restaurant cheer . Susan whip out she blackberry and start hit key . 43. susan erica will be the planner . arthur erica ? she hate I . susan who I love , she love . arthur oh , come on . she always look like she want to set fire to my face then put it out with a uzi. Susan 's phone ring . susan ( answering ) hello ... thanks , daddy ! sorry , hang on , I have erica call ... arthur what 's go on ? I only just bloody propose ! Arthur 's phone ring . the caller i.d read ` vivienne ' . he kill the call and sit , horrify , as the entire restaurant celebrate he grim fate . int . pierre HOTEL basement garage - night - later in the gloom we track past the crush batmobile , the delorean and other famous car , to find Arthur sit in kitt from ` knight Rider ' . arthur ( cont 'd ) what have I do , kitt ? this mistake 's up there with Hitler join he school debate team ... voice ( female ) go to bed , Arthur . Arthur jump out of he skin . but it 's hobson , stand by the car hold a dress gown and a mug of cocoa . hobson and stop this self - pity bibble . you be go to be fabulously rich . arthur maybe I would rather be fabulously poor . some poor people I see look happy . 44 . hobson that 's either because they be far away or you have just give they money . Arthur , poor people have to work . they stand for hour in the rain , wait for bus full of other poor people to take they to thing call ijob ' which they do all year round to pay for holiday away from that job . arthur do not patronise I . I have a job . hobson lying drunk on a bale of hay in riding boot be photograph by another pampere prick will not prepare you for the work I mean . and I do not want to see you suffer . take you fish oil . int . naomi be apartment , queen - night a very old Apple Mac sit on a cluttere desk . Ralph be in he chair , eat popeye 's Chicken and biscuit , watch CSI on a old tv with a tiny satellite dish on top . ralph when be we get cable ? naomi ( o.s. ) we have satellite . ralph honey , that 's some bullshit aerial from the 99 cent store ! naomi it 's a satellite dish ! ralph I read the box ! it say ` no satellite fee to pay because do not receive satellite signal !' that 's like say ` hey - eat this plate of break glass ! it will not make you fat . ' cause it's glass !' naomi come in , look absolutely beautiful . she check she hair in the mirror . 45 . naomi it 's better than nothing . Ralph unplug the dish . the picture improve . ralph no it be not . honey , I love you , but you be even cheaper than you mom . and she buy food from yard sale . naomi I miss she too , daddy . but now she 's go and if I be go to keep you in grit and Oprah the rest of you life , you live by my rule . ralph but you live like you be prepare for a war . and you earn a decent salary . naomi so ? I want to know I can look after you . ralph what 's he do , this English bum ? naomi who care ? he 's nice . he 's funny . on CSI , a female body be be unearth . ralph yeah and I bet that girl say the same about she date . honey , stay home . I do not want you end up like that poor girl . naomi a bad actress hold she breath ? she change the channel to something else . naomi ( cont 'd ) stop watch CSI . a beep from outside . she kiss he and leave . ext . park - night Arthur 's bentley pull up at a quiet part of battery Park . 46 . arthur ( o.s. ) sorry we drive around so long . navigation be not my driver 's strong point . there 's a huge ding in one side of the car . arthur ( cont 'd ) or road awareness . int . bentley - night - continuous Arthur and naomi sit in the back of the car , while marty check sport result on he pager . arthur can you put this on please ? Arthur 's hold a blindfold . naomi on a first date ? be you crazy ? arthur trust I . naomi Arthur . we be in battery Park at night . I have meet you once - in the company of you nanny . you make a disturbing number of joke about stalking and basement . my dad already have you down as a mass murderer . and you want I to put on a blindfold ? arthur I give you my word - if I kill and eat you , you will never see I again . she shrug and put on the blindfold . ext . night - later Arthur guide naomi in the dark . she stumble . naomi okay , I be officially a little worried . she try to pull she blindfold off . 47 . arthur ( laughing ) do not worry ! Arthur remove she blindfold . she 's stunne to find herself on a huge blanket under a tree in a clear light by numerous candle . before they be spread the most amazing picnic of all time . Flowers be everywhere . a log fire burn in a grate . Soft music play . arthur ( cont 'd ) you say you want a picnic . he pour they glass of 1928 krug . naomi Arthur , I do not know what to say . it 's beautiful . ( looking around ) who do all this ? arthur the picnic fairy . who liaise with the flower fairy , the candle fairy , the log fire fairy , the hide sound system fairy ... he lift a silver platter lid to reveal a vast pizza . arthur ( cont 'd ) ... and the pizza fairy . a crack of a twig from somewhere . naomi do you take account of the heroin fairy who hang here at night ? but there 's nobody there . a cool breeze blow . naomi shiver . Arthur use a remote to turn the log fire flame up . arthur it 's nice to keep it simple like this . I be sick of michelin-star restaurant . all that embarrassing crap with the special . naomi be you kid ? where I normally eat , the special 's the one that come with a free toy . Arthur lift a grill lid to turn over succulent steak . 48 . naomi ( cont 'd ) you be rich rich , be not you ? arthur I get by . naomi ` it do not remotely matter how much or what you spend it on ' rich ? Arthur shrug and swig champagne , pour more . naomi ( cont 'd ) craziest thing you ever buy ? arthur I once inadvertently finance a terrorist cell who say they need  100,000 to open a falafel stall . she laugh . she stop laugh . naomi oh my G -d , you be serious . arthur what 's the craziest thing you ever tell a tour party ? naomi I once say the Manhattan we be in be actually a movie set build for ` you have get mail ' , but that after the film wrap , everyone move to the set because there be less crime . a sudden , very loud , very out - of - date ring tone . naomi take out a huge ancient Motorola phone . naomi ( cont 'd ) yes , dad ? there 's a small Tiffany butter knife about two inch from he hand but it might take he eight month to dismember I with it . ( phone bleep ) gotta go , battery . Love you too . she end the call . 49 . naomi ( cont 'd ) Mom die last year . for eight month dad eat nothing but popeye 's Chicken and biscuit in front of CSI . so I persuade he to move in with I . where he eat popeye 's Chicken and biscuit in front of CSI . arthur sound like you be very good to he . naomi what be you gonna do ? all that year you folk tuck you in , do they best to stop you from eat crap in front of the tv . and then one day , you be the one say ` no , honey , it 's bad for you ! go to bed . ' weird , huh ? arthur ( not relate at all ) yeah . I hate that . ( look at she phone ) Nice bit of kitsch . where do you find that ? naomi at&amp ; T store in 1998 . arthur it 's ... you have have it twelve year ? naomi it 's a fine phone . battery life of eleven second , which cut the crap right out of conversation . something weird be happen . the world wobble imperceptibly as the background drop away . she have not notice yet . naomi ( cont 'd ) I can not believe this mofos who gotta keep up with the latest bullshit . CD come along , so out with the vinyl . vinyl 's back in , out with the CD . I just keep the vinyl . Way cheaper , and I get to be incredibly hip once every 20 year .... a beat . she look around . and down . 50 . naomi ( cont 'd ) what the hell be go on ? cut wide , we see that the picnic be take place on a grass cover platform with a tree plant in it - which be be lift off the ground by a crane ! arthur I could not decide between picnic in the park and dinner with a view . so it 's a picnic in the sky ! be not it ace ? the whole thing be rise higher and higher and higher . naomi no it be not ace , you crazy English bastard ! this be dangerous ! arthur oh , sorry . forget . they say to put this on . he pull back the blanket to reveal seat belt . he strap she in . arthur ( cont 'd ) ( laughing ) naomi , it 's okay ! it 's very safe . it 's this company call ` aerial delight ' . they specialise in catering unusual event at a height of 180 foot above the ground . a gust of wind blow the structure , which swing . naomi scream . arthur ( cont 'd ) so what get you into the walk tour ? naomi you be seriously make date small talk while this be go on ? arthur be still . breathe deep . ( strike a Zen pose ) ` when you can be calm in the midst of activity , this be the true state of nature ' : huanchu daoeren . 51 . naomi ` lower this freak show to the ground and get I a cab ' : naomi snart . arthur ( hand she something ) taste this truffle . naomi taste it . it 's clearly delicious . she gaze around as the crane swing they out over the Hudson . the view of Manhattan , of the river , of the statue of Liberty , be mind bogglingly gorgeous from up here . naomi burst out laugh . she sip champagne . naomi what the hell . gotta go sometime , right ? at least it will not be year of pain like mom . just a few second of scream and fall with a truffle in my mouth . arthur so anyway . the tour ... naomi ( calming herself ) okay , okay . be deep . breathe still . the tour be a temporary nine year fill - in until I be drown in a tsunami of apology from everyone who fail to recognise my write genius first time round . arthur what do you write ? naomi a kid ' book . I send a chapter to a child ' publisher . Sunshine Press ' . the rejection letter be the meanest thing I ever read . arthur kid can be so cruel ... naomi ( interrupting ) Arthur ? we have a problem . 52 . arthur I tell you , do not worry . this crane people know what they be do ! naomi not that kind of problem . Arthur feel a blade at he throat . he look up to see a junkie , clearly high , stand over he . junkie phone . and the watch . hurry . Arthur hand he he phone and watch . arthur um . out of interest , how do you get up here ? junkie what you talkin ' about , dog ? we see a sleep bag and needle behind the tree ! naomi great . ` picnic in the sky ' follow by ` robbed in the sky '! Arthur get the giggle as the junkie reach into he pocket for he wallet . naomi get involuntary giggle too . naomi ( cont 'd ) this be not funny , you lunatic . the junkie stuff he face with food , swig champagne from the bottle , then walk away . phew . then ... arthur and naomi noooo ! the junkie 's walk towards the edge , oblivious ! Arthur jump up , cause the platform to wobble scarily . he grab the junkie 's arm . the junkie swipe , cut Arthur 's hand . arthur owww ! you do not understand ! we be 180 foot up in the sky ! junkie ( laugh ) you on the same shit as I , yeah ? good stuff , right ? 53. arthur no , we be not high ! well we be , but only in the literal sense . the junkie hurry away again . he 's about to walk off the edge . Arthur run and grab he . they end up in a messy struggle , the platform rock badly . arthur ( cont 'd ) ( to naomi ) hit the panic button ! it 's next to the truffle station ! naomi 's panic , search desperately . Arthur and the junkie roll over the posh food , right to the edge ! arthur ( cont 'd ) hurry ! naomi I can not find it . over here ? arthur no ! that 's the bouquet of world ham ! naomi find the truffle station and hit the panic button . down in a crane cab a alarm go off . the driver start to lower the platform . naomi try to help Arthur as he struggle with the junkie , but she get slashed on the ear . she scream . as the platform lower , it swing back over the river to the land and tip they all into the river ! CUT to : int . arthur be car - night naomi and Arthur - he face bruise - be sit in the car , both drip wet . naomi 's ear and Arthur 's hand be bandage . arthur I have fun tonight . she stare at he as if he 's utterly crazy . naomi I can not believe I be say this , but so do I . 54 . int . arthur' penthouse - ballroom day the room have start to fill with groom 's paraphernalia - morning suit , top hat , shoe . erica be sit with a huge sheaf of wedding admin and brochure . vivienne , burt and Susan listen attentively , study seating plan . it all feel more like a council of war than a wedding preparation . erica summarise phase Alpha : formal wear for bridal attendant , groom 's attendant , mens ' formal wear , St John the Divine all confirm ... arthur be lie on a chaise longue , hungover . a tailor stretch a tape measure along he as if measure a corpse . arthur ( to tailor ) be there breathe hole in the coffin ? tailor I be sorry ? arthur in case I be pass out drunk rather than medically dead ? erica do not worry , Thomas . this whole thing 's just a joke to Arthur . hobson bring Arthur a glass of water and two nurofen . arthur ( very affectionate ) thanks , hobnob . you be good to I . vivienne , irritate , hand hobson a coffee cup . vivienne take this away . ( to erica ) progress on the reception ? erica Black ink at the Emery roth room at the ritz-carlton . the screen light up with a church graphic . 55 . erica ( cont 'd ) a first pass at the guest list . bride 's family and friend : a 3 - d layout of the church appear on a laptop . in the mock up , the bride 's side of the aisle fill with hundred of computerise guest , many label with famous name . erica ( cont 'd ) Groom 's family and friend : about a fifth of that number pop up on Arthur 's side . erica ( cont 'd ) we can arrange to screen off the area behind you guest , Arthur . to make it seem less desperate . Arthur groan and lean over a bowl . arthur sorry , everyone . that graphic 's too colourful and this hangover 's a 7.6 on the richter .. the sickter ... Arthur 's sick . erica lay out more sheet . erica cake , caterer , floral arrangement , photographer ... hobson reappear , wipe he mouth and take the bowl . she stand with it accidentally - on- purpose , very close to vivienne 's nose . hobson will there be anything else , sir ? arthur no , thanks . hobson ( to vivienne ) ma'am ? vivienne no . you can leave . arthur why all this crap now ? what 's the rush anyway ? burt the wedding be in a month , Arthur . 56 . arthur a month ? I be think more sort of ten , fifteen year . just to really enjoy the anticipation of the big day . Arthur get up . erica where be you go ? arthur ( get out he cellphone ) sorry , dwight D. bridalshower , operation Ball and chain will have to wait . ext . manhattan - day Arthur be walk naomi along the Hudson , this time in daylight . he stop . arthur here we be . naomi we be not go to end up in the Hudson again , be we ? arthur I can promise you will not get wet . CUT to : ext . hudson river - night the Hudson be bare of craft .... until , suddenly , a bizarre mini submarine shape like a dolphin , dive out of the water in a arc . Arthur and naomi be laugh inside it - until they almost collide with a Circle Tour boat full of tourist . ext . manhattan - night Arthur and naomi be hand in hand , walk along the street . he 's a bit drunk , wobbly on he foot , a little morose . naomi be you okay ? arthur yeah , fine . actually ... 57 . but naomi see something on the other side of the road . Arthur get a a text from hobson : ` tell she ! ' naomi hey , richey Rich . want to go somewhere really romantic ? it 's a big tacky shop : jack 99 cent store . int . 99 cent store - night `I 'm too sexy ' by right say fred playing loudly on speaker . the space be huge , garish and pile high with countless cheap household cleaner , candy , foodstuff and toy . Arthur 's fascinate , a tourist in austerity . arthur everything be 99 cent ? naomi yip . a whole penny less than that bourgeois asshole at the dollar store . Arthur read a doll 's label . arthur ` warning : this product contain chromium , which may be link to chronic bronchitis and reproductive hazard . " naomi that one be on the news . everyone else recall they , the pussy . not my 99 cent ! Arthur turn the doll over : a sticker read ` China ' . arthur maybe China 's try to wipe out the west 's child one by one . he gaze around in wonder . naomi oh , I love this place . arthur why ? 58 . naomi well , I would like you to believe it 's because I be a poor girl reduce to buy ` depress chef ' burger - in - a-can to right Said Fred because I do not know where my next paycheck be come from . but the truth be - bargain get I hot . get it from mar . drive my dad crazy . the tour ? arthur yes please . she take he arm . naomi look west , the lady ' hygiene product . note that the more natural - sounding the name , e.g. this ' vermont Breeze ' feminine spray , the more lethal chemical it contain . watch out for the product cunningly label to make the dumber consumer think they be get the real thing : ' special je , ' crampbell 's Soup ' , '' aunt janina 's ' maple - style syrup ... Arthur hold a tin with a coffee mate-style logo , read ` friend of coffee ' . the store music change to ricky martin : ` livin ' LA vida loca ' naomi ( cont 'd ) and ah , the music : date sound for lonely people to buy cheap shit to . they pass a old woman who be go through a stack of identical tin of cheap bean . naomi ( cont 'd ) I once watch a woman shoplift a 8 - pack of toilet scrubber down she panty hose to ' everything I do , I do it for you ' . Arthur just stare at naomi . naomi ( cont 'd ) why be you stare at I ? arthur just fascinate . 59 . naomi you be good at fascinate . arthur you be good at fascinating . a crash . the old woman have knock over all the bean . arthur ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? let I help you . he hand she a tin . old woman not that one . arthur ( offer she another ) this one ? old woman ( shaking the tin ) no . there 's less bean in it . arthur this one ? old woman ( sniff the tin ) no . arthur this one ? she stare and think . Arthur put the tin to he ear . arthur ( cont 'd ) no . I think I hear a mouse inside . Arthur shake and sniff another tin . arthur ( cont 'd ) oh my g-d . this be a good one . no rodent . pack . he slip she a dollar and whisper to she . arthur ( cont 'd ) Quick , before someone get it . naomi gaze at a different Arthur to the fool who nearly get she kill . 60 . old woman ( to naomi ) you get a good one here , honey . she hurry away . arthur look . we in a year 's time . another old couple push a cart past . the old woman sneeze . the old man produce a tissue and gently wipe she nose . arthur ( cont 'd ) if you get ill , I would care for you . naomi I will get ill . the music change . naomi ( cont 'd ) oh , man , phil Collins . gotta get out when they start play phil Collins . want to see how to get a quarter from a shopping cart ? int . high end restaurant - night Arthur , Susan and erica - she laptop open - be at dinner . hobson 's salt Arthur 's soup , then check the temperature . erica Tiger Woods have confirm ! arthur I do not know you know he . susan I do not . arthur why be he come ? susan he agree to daddy 's fee . this be go to be the happiest day of my life ! she look at hobson . susan ( cont 'd ) why be she here all the time ? 61 . arthur if you can bring erica , I can bring hobson . susan she 's my wedding planner . arthur she 's my hobson . hobson lean into Arthur while tidy he napkin . hobson ( whispering ) tell naomi . that 's a order . int . arthur' apartment . night Arthur 's give stunne naomi a tour of the huge apartment . arthur reminiscent of a french castle perch 500 foot above New York , the penthouse be know from early day as the ` chateau in the Sky '. he lead she out onto a second rooftop ballroom . naomi a second ballroom . obviously . gotta have a second ballroom . arthur where George gershwin and the astor dance to Shep field and he rippling Rhythm orchestra . he grab she in a ballroom dance move . arthur ( cont 'd ) come on , cheap girl . we can be Fred austere and stingy Rogers . naomi ( pulling away ) I just need one of you collection of bathroom . arthur behind the telephone box fish tank . see you on the balcony . 62 . Arthur go onto the balcony . naomi 's notice a figure sit in the dark , stifling a cough . hobson . naomi hobson ? hobson he 's not like other man , you know . naomi I think I realise that as I plunge into the Hudson with a junkie . but I like he . he 's fun . hobson fight another little cough . she get up . hobson I know he be . that 's the problem . naomi what do that mean ? hobson I be sure Arthur will explain . ext . balcony - night the live version of Simon and garfunkel 's ` the 59th Street Bridge song ( feelin ' groovy ' ) be play on speaker . Arthur and naomi look out over the view , the park , dark and empty in contrast to the cheer and clap on the recording . naomi sip she wine . Arthur throw back a whisky . arthur you kid ' book . what be it about ? naomi ` vlad the inhaler ' . about a asthmatic boy detective . arthur be serious . naomi oh , it be dumb . ` the Boy whose heart escape ' . it be about this kid who wake up to find he heart have climb out and be shin down the drainpipe to freedom . arthur I love it . 63. naomi rainbow Press say it be too disturbing . but it be not literal - there be not a kid lie there with a gape hole in he chest . it be just this cute little heart bounce up and down shouting ` you can not catch I , mofo ! ' . I be paraphrase . arthur do he catch the heart ? naomi never get that far . Arthur wobble a little more . naomi ( cont 'd ) you like the hooch , do not you ? arthur only if I be sad , happy or bored . there 's this bit in a book hobson use to read I as a kid that say it all : ` we must stop eat cookie , frog ! ' cry toad , as he eat another . ' naomi frog and toad ! I love frog and toad ! arthur ( from memory ) ` frog put the cookie in a box . ` there ' he say . now we will not eat any more cookie . ' ` but we can open the box . ' frog tie some string around the box . ` there ' he say , ` now we will not eat any more cookie ' . ` but we can cut the string and open the box ' . naomi lay she head on Arthur 's shoulder . arthur ( cont 'd ) so frog take the box outside . he shout in a loud voice , ` hey bird , here be cookie ! ' bird come from everywhere . they pick up all the cookie in they beak and fly away . ` ( more ) 64 . arthur ( cont 'd ) now we have no more cookie to eat ' ` excellent ! ' say toad , ` I be go home now to bake a cake . ' ( beat ) classic addict . they might be about to kiss . but Arthur hold back . naomi that be beautiful . it 's like you read it yesterday . int . arthur' bedroom - night - later Arthur 's bliss out face , lie in bed in the soft light . hobson ( oov ) frog and toad stay on the island all afternoon . hobson 's read ` frog and toad ' to Arthur . hobson ( cont 'd ) they eat wet sandwich without iced tea . they be two close friend sit alone together . hobson close the book and turn out the light . arthur I could not tell she , hobson . she be not the komodo dragon . she 's my toad . hobson you be quite sure about this ? arthur yes . hobson ( under she breath ) oh , bollock . int . naomi's apartment . day naomi 's sit with Ralph , who 's scratch off lottery ticket . 65 . ralph I do not know , honey . what 's this teabag even do here ? could not he make it in Lord of the ring land ? naomi not that it matter , but he 's a billionaire . ralph you have my full permission to marry he . ext . showjumping field . day a horse clear a showjump barrier . grant applaud . grant bravo , vivienne ! well do ! Arthur 's watch , sweat in the sunshine , while marty and hobson wait in the bentley . arthur I would be wary , grant . she 's plan to ride you around the course next . her last boyfriend break he ankle jump that ditch . have to be destroy on the spot . vivienne canter she horse up to they . vivienne Arthur . what 's so urgent that you have to come all the way out here ? arthur I be in love . with a woman who be not exactly who you would describe as Susan . she 's call naomi . vivienne Arthur , we have be through this ! arthur wo not you at least meet she ? vivienne what family be she from ? arthur the snart of Detroit . 66 . vivienne never hear of they . arthur no , because they be normal . she 's a walk tour guide , she dad 's a retire car worker . vivienne Susan will generate quality son , not oil - soak car monkey . arthur unbelievable ! why do not you just keep I here , pay a servant to wank I into a bottle once a day ... vivienne Arthur ... arthur ... then inject it all into a field of heiress and see who fart out a thoroughbre first ? vivienne we need a heir ! arthur Fine ! you can have one with stevey steroid here ! surely even you uterus have have a face lift by now . Arthur storm away towards the car . grant ( stepping in ) that 's enough , Arthur ... arthur none of you business , J Crew . grant you be so ungrateful to you mother . she adore you ! vivienne Arthur . come back here . arthur you can shove you inheritance up you horse 's arse ! 67 . Arthur jump into the car and it pull away . vivienne sit shocked on she horse . but then she throw it into a gallop and catch up . vivienne suit yourself , Arthur . follow you heart . but do be aware I consider what you have squander so far a advance on you inheritance . that 's about $ 17 million . arthur why would you do that ? you would never get it back . vivienne no . but you would spend the rest of you life in court . there 's a simple solution to all this . marry Susan . and cheat with the nobody from queen . int . diner - day Arthur 's very drunk , maudlin , sit opposite naomi . he 's hold he menu upside down . naomi have you be at the cookie ? arthur I eat the whole jar . naomi ( realise it 's serious ) oh , man . what ? what ? arthur I be engage . to another Susan . woman . engage to another woman . she slam she menu down . arthur ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry I do not tell you . naomi what be you talk about ? this be bullshit . who do you think you be ? be this some rich guy thing ? arthur I be go to tell you ! I just ... 68 . naomi get up and put on she coat . naomi yeah , yeah , you just . arthur please , naomi ! I do not mean for it to get to this ! I plan to just be you friend but then I start to fall for you and I think `I can not marry Susan , I might fall for naomi ! ' but I think ` no I have to marry Susan or I will be poor so I will not fall for naomi ' but then I do fall for you ! because you be brainy and funny and gorgeous and too smart to do walk tour . you be too smart , snart . smart snart . there 's a 99 cent cereal . ( beat ) anyway , so I go to see vivienne , and I say ` I can not marry Susan , I love naomi she 's my frog my toad ' I do not know any more . naomi you be frog . arthur thanks . then she say ` noooo , if you do not marry Susan , I will make you pay all the inheritance money back even if you can not - ha ha ha '. okay she do not laugh but she might as well have , the evil cow . because it 's like all the money ever and they will put not just I but both of we in prison and you dad , like in dicken . there will be ghost , and Oliver and .... he stop , he mouth flap like a fish . naomi maybe if I would spot this facet of you personality earlier we would not be have this conversation . she head towards the door . Arthur regains he lucidity for a moment . arthur toad ? stay a bit longer . please ? 69 . naomi why ? arthur ' cause it will reduce the proportion of my life I will spend feel utterly miserable . naomi watch he take another big slug of wine . naomi bye , Arthur . Arthur look confuse . arthur Bea Arthur ? what 's she get to do with all this ? she shake she head and go . int . naomi be apartment - night naomi 's look very sad , shaking - because she 's comforting Ralph , who be sobbing on she shoulder . naomi it 's go to be okay . I will get you a beer , yeah ? ralph I just have to be alone for a minute ... oh , G -d , I can not bear it ... int . dane cook concert - night Arthur sit miserable , drink , as he sit beside Susan at a dane cook gig . int . naomi's apartment . night naomi 's be cry . she 's read the screen of a ancient Apple Mac : ` the boy whose heart escaped ' by N J snart . she read a paragraph - and smile . this stuff be not so bad . 70 . int . arthur' penthouse - ballroom - night . Arthur and Susan be get a dance lesson from a choreographer , click she finger to a club anthem version of the awful jefferson starship song . Arthur dance terribly . hobson watch sadly . int . naomi's apartment . night naomi 's type , get back into it . int . arthur' apartment - bathroom - day the tailor be positioning a top hat on Arthur 's miserable head . he 's shirtless and unshaven . int . naomi's apartment . day the sun be come up over queen . a ancient dot matrix printer spit out a final page . naomi be at a desk with a pile of finished manuscript and envelope to various publisher . one be to ` rainbow Press ' . ext . manhattan - day naomi 's point at the Chrysler Building for a particularly grumpy bunch of tourist of all type and age . naomi ( yawns ) design by William Van Allen and inspire by the machine age of the 1920 , the Chrysler ... rude male tourist hey . I get a question . naomi please , interrupt . Hell , who want to come home with I and butt in with question while I be watch letterman ? ` yo. how tall be Dave ? ' ( beat ) sorry , sir . late night , no sleep , long day . what 's you question ? 71 . the open bar of a familiar song start up somewhere , fill the street . suddenly , some of the member of she tour group start lip synce to phil Collins . rude male tourist how can I just let you walk away , just let you leave without a trace ? female tourist when I stand here take every breath with you , ooh ... male tourist 2 you be the only one who really know I at all . a van with speaker on the top be park nearby , pump out the music . naomi what be go on ? old female tourist how can you just walk away from I , when all I can do be watch you leave ? teenage boy tourist ' cause we have share the laughter and the pain ... newsstand guy and even share the tear . a yellow cab go by , the driver lip-synce out the window . newsstand guy ( cont 'd ) you be the only one who really know I at all . the song hit a hard club mix . Arthur burst from the back of the van in a frog outfit ! the vtourist ' launch into a well - rehearse dance . arthur ( lip synce too ) so take a look at I now , ' cause there 's just a empty space . and there 's nothing leave here to remind I , just the memory of you face . ( more ) 72 . arthur ( cont 'd ) take a look at I now , `cause there 's just a empty space , and you come back to I be against all odd and that 's what I have get to face ... just take a look at I now . the song build to a dance crescendo . a magical moment . the crowd watch . how can she say no ? naomi sorry to be a wet blanket , folk . he 's get marry . but I guess he do not choreograph that bit for you . arthur but .. but this take age to rehearse . I have the frog outfit specially make . this be not actual tourist . naomi I gather that , Arthur . be you capable of do anything without it be a grand gesture ? arthur what do you mean ? naomi it 's like hobson say . you be not like other man . if you be normal , if the money and the booze do not cloud everything , you would deal with the fact that you be engage , rather than just look for way to win I back . but it be a lovely routine , really . fantastic outfit . arthur I just want to see you . he take out he flask and have a swig . naomi ( sympathetic ) you need to see someone , Arthur . seriously . 73. int . arthur' penthouse . shower - night Arthur 's in he cuboid David blaine shower . he pick up he binocular . arthur hobson ! female Tom hank have have a haircut ! hobson ? but marty pipe up on the little inset hobson screen . he look at a note in hobson 's handwrite . marty it say here you should not forget to clean you junk . I guess that 's what ...' genitahlio - ah ' be . arthur marty ? what be you do there ? marty hobson leave I in charge . she 's go to bed . she have a headache . arthur she 's have quite a few headache lately . marty she black out . int . hobson's room . day hobson 's in bed , watch a Discovery Channel documentary about grizzly bear . Arthur hit pause . hobson put my bear back on , Arthur . arthur not until you answer my question . hobson close she eye . she ham the next bit . hobson I be travel down a white tunnel . to - a garden ? mother ? Father ? why be it so hot ? who 's the red gentleman with the big pitchfork ? arthur will you cut it out ? 74 . hobson Arthur . there be three book . this be important . take they back to the library ... she feign a melodramatic death . arthur hobson , please . do not die any more . it 's get very boring . hobson Arthur . Old woman , like bear , get sore head . be you okay ? you look a little lose . arthur naomi do not want to see I . hobson a terrible shame she have to go . a little tart like that could have save you a fortune in prostitute . arthur listen , old woman . do not ever talk about naomi that way again . what give you the right to be such a snob ? you be just ... you be just ... Mary poppin with a menopause ! Arthur storm out , slamm the door . but within 10 second he return , humble , ashamed - a regretful naughty child . arthur ( cont 'd ) hobson , I have never raise my voice to you . I be sorry . hobson I be sorry too . you know , Arthur , you may be grow up . arthur do you want anything ? hobson I want to be young . arthur sorry , it 's you job to be older . ( thinks ) hobson . if you be feel better tomorrow , will you accompany I somewhere ? 75 . she pat he hand gently . hobson of course , Arthur . int . car - day marty and hobson be stare , bemuse . arthur ( o.s. ) how do I look ? Arthur 's wear a huge , ludicrous wig and beard . hobson and marty fight giggle . arthur ( cont 'd ) I can not have this get out . I be in the public eye . hobson yes , it would be disastrous to harm such a dignify profile . he look , scared , at the building . hobson ( cont 'd ) it 's go to be okay , Arthur . int . aa meeting - day aa member be sit in a circle . megan , a respectable - look , smart woman , be speak . megan I be waking up four , five , six morning a week in different mens ' bed ... Arthur ( in he ludicrous disguise ) , hobson and marty enter . megan ( cont 'd ) I want to die . to be nobody . int . aa meeting - day - later a man , jame , speak emotionally . jame I steal from my friend , my family . I sell my son 's pedal car so I could score junk ... 76 . Arthur - utterly depressed - have he head in he hand . arthur Jesus .... jame I accidentally back my car over my mother outside Walgreen ... marty chuckle . he try to fist-bump James . hobson ( whisper ) marty ! this be not a sport bar in Chicago . this people be not here to brag . jame ( sobbing ) I have a business , a home and it 's all go ! I be in this fuck grave and they be pour the earth in ! arthur whoooaaahh . okay , cut . I do not know about anyone else , but this be not exactly kill my thirst . leader well why do you come ... what 's you name ? arthur gandalf . Arthur think . seriousness - he least favourite thing - be upon he . he take a deep breath . but - arthur ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , you be not go to convince I my life be not fun . ( to jame ) and no offence but if I run over my mother , I would be out celebrate . which be what I plan to do right now . come on , hobson . marty . Arthur leave , the door swinging behind he . woman ( o.s ) I be Jane . and I believe I have a dependence on alcohol ... the woman confess be hobson - on Arthur 's behalf ! 77 . hobson ... and because I have do nothing with the astonish opportunity hand to I , apart from pissing away my inheritance and drink enough to kill a rhino . Arthur , have hear , come back in . hobson ( cont 'd ) but imagine be I ! I once end up in bed with the daughter of three of the Rolling Stones . but a ) I do not remember a thing about it , b ) apparently I be sick on two of the woman before c ) lose control of my bladder on the third . all such fun ... until the stranger I pay to be my friend have go , the fog part and there 's a hole so big , you could pour all the champagne in the world into it and never fill it up . but I have get so much potential , a good heart , I be a good person , even if I have completely waste my short , precious life because I somehow convinced myself that happiness be a komodo dragon , a case of booze and the memory of have once stripped naked to Beethoven for a coachload of german tourist who I meet outside the rainforest Cafe . she 's do . a awkward silence . arthur it 's always the quiet one . ext . midtown manhattan - day the car drive through Manhattan . int . car - day Arthur stare out of the window , beat , drunk . arthur thanks , hobson . maybe you can go every time I crave a drink ? 78 . hobson do not even crack a smile . Arthur get out he phone and scroll - past naomi 's name , to susan' . he dial . arthur ( cont 'd ) Susan ? look , I know the wedding date be set . but fancy bring it forward ? I just want to get it over with . in a good way . think about it , yeah ? he end the call . silence . he look to hobson . arthur ( cont 'd ) it 's the agony of possibility , hobson . it just hurt too much to know I could still be with naomi if I have the gut . hobson just promise you will never ask I to sleep with Susan for you . ext . manhattan - day naomi 's riding the bus . her phone ring . ` number withheld ' . she roll she eye and answer . naomi Arthur , if that 's ... ( beat ) hello ? yes . yes , I do ... yes . sorry ? really ? well I work pretty hard on it .. Love to ... Love to ... what time ? incredibly excited , she grab a pen and write on a walk tour brochure : ` julian barber ... rainbow PRESS ... ' naomi ( cont 'd ) I will call in dead to work . bye . she write ` tuesday 11.30 ' and a address . int . naomi be apartment - day there 's a ring at the doorbell . Ralph answer . it 's hobson . hobson good afternoon , Mr snart . be naomi here ? 79 . ralph you must be the nanny . hobson I must be . Ralph embrace she . hobson ( cont 'd ) please stop this , I can not inhale and be in danger of tread on one of you knuckle . Ralph release she . hobson ( cont 'd ) if you and you undershirt would walk two pace back I could enter this dwelling . naomi appear , look more of a writer than a tour guide . naomi well , well . ralph ever since I meet Arthur I like he . we have to make sure this two wonderful kid stay together ... hobson try not to talk . it 's not you word but the breath which bear they . perhaps you could repair to the East wing and make I a cup of tea ? I wish to speak to naomi . ralph sure , sure . Ralph leave . hobson Arthur be have a pre-wedd party tonight . you should come . naomi oh , should I ? be all the other girl he pass up go too ? hobson pick up a letter from rainbow Press and peruse it . 80 . hobson do not you want to show Arthur how well you be do ? naomi tell he thanks , but I have a deadline . hobson Arthur do not know I be here . he 's far too decent to be involved in something so tawdry . you could bring you father . a magical experience before he 's too big to leave this apartment . naomi ( disbelief ) why would I go to this ? why would I do that to myself ? hobson my dear , if there 's one thing old woman can tell , it 's young man in love . and the food promise to be breathtakingly free . hobson have a slight dizzy spell and sit down . naomi be you alright ? hobson better than you , dear . naomi you really look out for Arthur , do not you ? hobson yes . and it be a job that I recommend highly . Ralph come back and with a cup of disgusting - look tea . hobson ( cont 'd ) you really look out for this gentleman , from what I have hear . naomi ah , what be I gonna do ? the no-kill pet shelter will not take he . Ralph hand hobson the cup of tea . 81 . hobson thank you . would you go the bathroom and commence wash ? you only have three hour and it could be quite a project . Ralph go . naomi take the tea . naomi I appreciate what you be try to do but I be not go to that party . hobson suit yourself . hobson get up , still dizzy . naomi have you see a doctor ? hobson yes . and he have see I . naomi I think Arthur have a very good friend . May I kiss you on the cheek ? hobson be it something you feel strongly about ? naomi yes . but hobson fall back into she chair heavily , look sicker . naomi ( cont 'd ) dad ! call 911 . ext . johnson mansion . night horde of smartly -dress rich people be gather on burt Johnson 's mansion for the society night of the year . a high - level security presence be much in evidence . int . johnson mansion . ballroom - night a live band play a cheesy soft-rock version of ` addicted to Love '. aristocrat mingle with crass new money type mingle with TIGER wood . the band finish the song . 82. vocalist thanks . we be go to move thing up tempo now with ` the only thing that look good on I be you . ' the band start play again . partygoer hit the dance floor . vivienne , Susan , burt and erica pass a huge ice statue of Susan and Arthur in a loving embrace and amazing catering . vivienne splendid affair , Susan . susan do not thank I , thank erica . erica shrug modestly . Arthur appear . burt put a big burly arm around he and squeeze he a little too hard . ext . johnson mansion . night naomi climb out of a crappy cab . she 's on she phone . naomi with all due respect , hobson , you be talk out of you frumpy English ass . Arthur need to know ! int . hospital - night - continuous hobson 's in bed look ill . Ralph 's fussing over she pillow . hobson slap he away . hobson you be not to pull he out of that party on my behalf . ( beat ) hello ? naomi! but naomi 's go . Ralph try to plump the pillow again . ralph you be gonna get through this , babe . then who know what the future may hold ? ext . party - night - continuous naomi hurry past a door man with a clipboard . door man Excuse I , madam . name ? madam ? 83. naomi grab the arm of a male guest . naomi snart plus one . she hurry in with the bemuse , but delighted man . the door man check he clipboard . int . johnson mansion . night - continuous naomi enter the party , release the man , who 's disappointed to see she go . she look around for Arthur , get admire look from other man - and woman . passing woman Nice dress . Vera wang ? naomi Ross dress for less . you know where Arthur be ? passing woman ( shrug ) sorry . naomi move on . the door man appear , look around for the gatecrasher . the man whose arm she take on the way in - he 's call justin - be also on the prowl for she ... int . johnson mansion . ballroom - night burt take to the stage to applause . burt when Arthur propose to my daughter , I be overjoyous . the bach - templemead be my kind of people : classy . respectable . well speak . people like in Shakespeare in Love , who esprouse the same value I have always upheld both in my business and spiritual life . but tonight be not about I or America 's lead independent formula brand . Arthur take the stage to wild applause . arthur thank you , burt ! I have actually prepare a little surprise song with my friend here . 84 . the band start play ` Close to you ' by the carpenter . Arthur sing to Susan , down in the crowd . arthur ( cont 'd ) why do cash suddenly appear , every time you be near ? the audience laugh . arthur ( cont 'd ) just like I , it long to be , close to Sue . why do car fall out of the sky , all of which , I can buy ... ( stop ) I will sing a proper song . ( sing ) you say potayto and I say potahto , you say tomayto and I say tomahto , potayto , potahto , tomayto , tomahto , let 's call the whole thing off ! you say aa , and I say `no way ' , you say ` Red bull ' and I say ` go away , rehab , no way , Red bull ... int . johnson mansion - another large room justin approach naomi , who 's still look around for Arthur . justin we meet again ! naomi yeah . have you see Arthur ? justin the ballroom . I will take you to he . Justin take naomi 's arm and lead she at a leisurely pace . they pass a portrait of Susan . justin ( cont 'd ) I be so happy for Arthur and Susan . Justin point at a portrait of Susan . justin ( cont 'd ) be not she beautiful ? naomi of course she be . why would Arthur marry a pig ? 85 . the door man appear , see naomi . justin what business be you family in ? naomi hm ? oh , I be the heiress to a fortune build on small pet . justin I be sorry ? naomi hamster , mouse , doglet ... justin doglet ? naomi tiny dog . the technology 's not perfect . see a horse the size of a can of soup fall dead before you eye - that shit stay with you . they walk through a door , end up in a garden . ext . garden - night naomi be you sure he 's this way ? justin absolutely . naomi turn to a woman . naomi ( to a woman ) Excuse I . have you see Arthur ? woman that way . the ballroom . naomi bye , Justin . naomi hurry away - run straight into the door man . door man Excuse I , madam . you be not a authorize guest . 86 . naomi I know that . I be here to give Arthur some very important news . door man of course you be . ( take she arm ) shall we discuss this outside ? naomi ( shout ) get you hand off I ! they tussle . Arthur intercede . arthur it 's okay , Jeff . she can stay . naomi Arthur , can I talk to you ? int . hospital - night - later a man in a white coat be on the phone beside hobson 's bed . man in a white coat we run test . it be just a dizzy spell . we will be send she home tonight . arthur but what about the other blackout ? hobson snatch the phone from the man in a White coat . hobson Arthur , I be fine . do not leave that party . int . johnson mansion - drawing room - day Arthur 's on the phone , coat on , in a big empty panell room . hobson ( o.s , off ) especially now that naomi be there . the call end . Arthur look across at naomi , at the other end of the room , look so beautiful . arthur she 's fine . they be send she home . do you want a drink ? 87 . naomi no , thanks , Arthur . I should go . arthur but you come all this way . there 's ridiculously fancy food , there 's ... naomi Arthur . please . can you just call I a cab ? arthur you be a cab . no laughter this time . it 's not funny . he take out he iphone again . stare at it . arthur ( cont 'd ) shit. hobson usually ... naomi order cab to take the girl away ? Arthur 's bust . he scroll the phone for a cab number . arthur thank you for come all this way . I be sorry for all the stupid present and call and gesture . naomi it 's okay . naomi look up at a portrait of burt and young , prissy , but beautiful Susan . naomi ( cont 'd ) she be a looker from the get-go . arthur what be you like as a kid ? naomi nut . I think the moon follow I . I would walk and think the moon go any place that I do . I think it mean something special would happen . so I have be wait . what a ass . Arthur see a sound system . he go over and plug he iphone into it , then take naomi in he arm . 88. arthur dance ? naomi Arthur . we have be through this . call that cab please . Arthur look down into she eye and hit ` play ' on he iphone . Music start : it 's not a slow , smoochy song but big , brassy and upbeat . music : ` nellie the elephant ' by mandy miller Arthur ballroom dance naomi at speed around the room . mandy miller to bombay , a travel circus come , they bring a intelligent elephant and nellie be she name ... naomi ( laughing ) what the bejeezus be this ? arthur hobson use to sing it to I . ( singing along ) one dark night , she slip she iron chain . off she run to hindustan and be never see again . nellie the elephant pack she bag , and say goodbye to the circus , off she go with a trumpety trump , trump trump trump ... it 's energetic , wonderful , as romantic as any slow dance . they stop dance . Arthur stare at naomi . at last , they kiss . but the music stop . it 's vivienne . vivienne be this the tour guide ? arthur she 's a writer . naomi be this the vivienne ? vivienne crowd field , write . 89 . arthur maybe someone will see she potential . vivienne we all know who 's see she potential . naomi meaning ? vivienne oh , of course , you do not know , do you ? Arthur suddenly go pale . arthur vivienne , please . do not ... naomi what be go on here ? vivienne my son become fond of you . you be not the first . or the last , I imagine . anyway I be scan he monthly expense - which always make for entertaining read , all that gift for all that girl - and find he would buy a entire publishing company call ... what be it now ? rainbow Press . naomi you buy rainbow press ? so you could tell they to publish my book ? vivienne he know people , dear . I be sure you do too , though the people you know tend not to own book , let alone publisher . Arthur , I trust we will see you back at the party ? Susan 's a little worried . vivienne leave . naomi storm away . Arthur chase . arthur naomi ! please ! I do not think I would ever see you again . I be just try to give you some ... 90 . naomi ( gasp ) confidence ? self esteem be not a gift , Arthur ! it be not a fur coat or a thousand billion orchid or a apartment make from truffle or whatever else you rich freak use to express love ! Arthur look incredibly hurt . arthur I do express love ! I love you ! naomi do not say that ! arthur you just tell I to ! and stop go on about I be rich ! you think it 's easy be trap by money ? naomi get she old phone out . she speak into it . naomi hello , Amnesty ? come quick ! Arthur 's be hold against he will in guantamoney Bay ! arthur Abu greed ? naomi stop riffing with I ! how dare you do what you do . I do not need you money to feel good about myself ! arthur no. be cheap give you that . naomi huh ? arthur at least I be prepare to have fun . to live . I be not all ` oooh look at I with my antique food , be not I cool ? ' and ...and ... you phone 's rubbish ! it 's make of bit of old doorbell and vibrator , I bet you can only get call from 1994 on it ! 91 . naomi ( boil over ) as long as I do not get any from a drunk , rich fuck up like you ! a door open . susan hello ? I hear shouting . naomi I be a employee of Arthur 's . I come to complain about the condition . arthur naomi , please ... naomi Mr bach - templemead , I know you think put half and half in the staff kitchen be a improvement . ( really angry ) but some people prefer coffee mate ! you be disrespectful . I quit ! naomi walk away , slamm a door behind she . susan because you change the creamer ? ( beat ) Arthur , marty call from the hospital . arthur it 's okay , hobson 's fine . I speak to she doctor . susan apparently you do not . int . hospital room - night hobson be lie in bed , look even iller than before . hobson it 's just a headache ! arthur stop say that ! you bribe a hospital orderly to tell I you be okay ! 92 . hobson oh , bothersnap . what do doctor know ? the door open . marty enter with a shopping cart . arthur Da dahhhh ! I give you the amazing costly , health - give present ! Arthur start to produce gift for hobson : jewellery , expensive bath product , perfume , clothes , a dvd ... arthur ( cont 'd ) ' wake up and smell the carcass '.. ( read the dvd ) `a compilation of the band 's most stomach - churn music video and deathly live performance ... ' he produce a darth vader helmet . arthur ( cont 'd ) put this on , please . hobson I do not want to put it on . arthur put it on . or I will fire you . ( pause ) okay , or I will not fire you . she don the full face helmet . hobson ( vader voice ) how much do you waste on this poppycock ? Arthur and marty laugh . hobson ( cont 'd ) ( vader voice ) I see you have decide not to grow up after all . marty she sound like darth invader ! finally , Arthur unwrap a very high - end dvd player and tv . hobson why , Arthur ? 93. int . hospital room - night the room be dark . Arthur , hobson and marty be all on the bed , bath in blue light from the huge new tv . voiceover ( o.s. ) stargazer , know for she distinctive white mottle back ... it 's a documentary about grizzly bear . voiceover ( cont 'd ) ... be determine to catch the salmon , despite the treacherous rapid ... a doctor enter . doctor Mr bach - templemead ? do you have a moment ? int . hospital corridor - night Arthur 's look delighted . but the doctor be grave . arthur Home ? that 's great news . be not it ? int / ext . arthur' apartment . hobson be room - night we see a short montage of Arthur , now sober , take care of hobson with marty 's help : reading to she ... watch another bear documentary ... Arthur do silly yoga for hobson ... int . arthur' apartment . hobson be room - night Arthur be quietly clean hobson 's room . he stumble on a document . it read : ` the boy whose heart escaped ' by N J snart . final manuscript .' he open it . arthur how do this get here ? hobson I have no idea . arthur you might have a brain tumour but you be not a complete veggie burger just yet . have naomi be here ? 94 . hobson she drop by once or twice . frightful needy trollop . arthur I think she give up write . Arthur 's read the manuscript , bear hobson 's notation : ` shorten ' , ` wonderful - do not cut ! ' , ` beautiful . I cry ' . hobson just try to spare she outright humiliation while I be still here . arthur do not wear yourself out . you be not go anywhere soon . he tap the top of a state - of - the - art heart monitor . arthur ( cont 'd ) World 's most advanced heart rate monitor . the tiniest problem will alert you own private platoon of paramedics campe out downstairs ... hobson take Arthur 's hand . hobson Arthur . I have love caring for you so much . but you will never grow up with I around . so either I retire . or I die . option 1 involve too much paperwork and blather with have to find somewhere else to live . and no offence to you , dear boy ... she glance at a massive pile of bear documentary dvd beside the world' biggest teddy bear . hobson ( cont 'd ) ... but I think we have exhaust the bear- base entertainment . which leave option 2 . Arthur can not fight the tear any more . hobson ( cont 'd ) you be a good son , Arthur . you can do anything with you life that you want . just like I do . 95 . arthur but you spend half of it look after a spoil drunk twat . hobson exactly . sorry Arthur . I be past my use - by date . arthur sorry , hobson , you do not win this one . I need you to care for I . ( hold up a pill ) now take you fish oil . int . hobson be room - night Arthur , in a chair at the end of the bed , wake with a start from a dream . he look across to hobson , who be very still . arthur hobson ? the expensive monitor be dead . he jump up . arthur ( cont 'd ) hobson ! ( hammer the machine ) why the fuck have the stupid thing not go off ? ( shout ) get up here ! she' not ... he see that the monitor be unplugge . the cord be in hobson 's hand . it 's over . hobson 's dead . Arthur sob he heart out . int . arthur' apartment - day it 's a few week later . the place be very , very messy . the place also seem to be heavily splatter with all color of paint . splotch ! a big lump of red paint thud into hobson 's giant teddy bear , which be already heavily spatter . Arthur 's sit naked , apart from a helmet , in he tiny army paintball tank . he 's in a blank , drunken daze , fire paint at the teddy . the tank turret rotate . he shoot wall , possession , furniture . he stop . 96 . arthur would frog ever get up again ? or would he just sit in he tank , cry and soiling himself until he die of dehydration because he do not even have the energy to eat a wet sandwich . he look down at a ash urn . arthur ( cont 'd ) hobson ! why be you in there when I need you ? ( lift lid off urn ) hobson ! he 's reward with a face full of ash . angrily he spin the turret through 360 degree , fire paint . arthur ( cont 'd ) arrrrgghhh ! marty come in - and be hit hard by paint . arthur ( cont 'd ) sorry . marty how 's the tea ? arthur shockingly bad , thanks , marty . marty want to talk about the cub game ? arthur nahhh . can I be alone please ? marty go . Arthur pick up he phone and scroll down to naomi 's name . he think for a moment , hit `call ' . int . naomi's apartment . day - continuous naomi be shopping . she look at the phone , see Arthur 's name . she so want to answer . but do not . int . arthur' apartment - day - continuous Arthur stand on the balcony . he peer down at Manhattan far , far below . 97 . int . pierre HOTEL - HOTEL bedroom - day - continuous a couple be have sex . a body fall past the window . int . pierre HOTEL - restaurant - day - continuous the body fall past a window . a huge crash from off . ext . pierre HOTEL - day - continuous passersby be stare in horror at a yellow cab , its roof cave in , the driver shaking in shock . tilt up to find hobson 's huge teddy bear lie on the roof . ext . arthur' apartment . balcony - day Arthur 's on he phone again . arthur ( leave a message ) naomi ? I doubt you will ever get this , because you voicemail probably consist of a 4000 year old woman who write the message down in hieroglyphics then lose it down the back of she incontinence loin cloth . hobson die . hobson die and I have fall apart ... the doorbell ring from off . arthur ( cont 'd ) marty ! can you get that ? marty ! ( into phone ) naomi ? could you get it ? hello ? he throw the cellphone off the roof . a couple of second pass . we hear a very faint howl of pain from whoever it hit . int . corridor - day Arthur open the door . it 's vivienne . vivienne Arthur ! you have not answer the phone for eight day . Susan 's beside herself . what 's go on ? 98 . arthur what do you think 's go on ? hobson die . vivienne oh , that . she bustles in past Arthur . a platoon of maids follow . vivienne ( cont 'd ) ( to maids ) chop chop ! you cleany penthouseio ! come on , Arthur . have to pick yourself up , lad . it 's like when Nixon my great dane have to be put down . frightful state for day . but I pull myself together . arthur you be compare hobson to ... a dog ? vivienne well , yes . a faithful , humble companion who ... arthur um , I think I would like you to leave , if that 's okay . now ? vivienne remember who pay for this apartment , Arthur . for everything ! he guide she out the door . vivienne ( cont 'd ) you have damn well better be at that wedding , boy . arthur do not worry . if I be go to drink myself to death I will need resource . bye vivienne ... vivienne it 's mother ! arthur my mother 's dead . he slam the door . the phone ring again . arthur ( cont 'd ) hello ? I be sorry ? 99 . int . attorney' office - day Arthur be sit in a estate attorney 's next to mr finke , a small , dirty man . attorney margaret aherne be at a desk opposite they , read from a will . aherne the last will and testament of Jane hobson . ( read ) ` I leave my life savings to the tulare bear sanctuary , tulare County , California . ' aherne hand Mr finke a check for $ 8,864 . arthur that will explain the strong smell of bear shit . sorry . aherne open a tiny envelope . aherne to Arthur bach templemead , I leave this . she produce a teabag . aherne ( cont 'd ) to operate kettle , press red button . milk in refrigerator ; that 's the big box with the pretty light that come on when you open the door . ( pause ) Arthur . you be go to be okay . now it 's you turn to look after someone . all my deep , fondest love , my dearest boy . I be smile down at you - or more likely , up at you - forever and ever , h xxxxxxxx . int . arthur' apartment - day Close up on the kettle , steam issue forth from the spout . then a mug with the teabag in it . the kettle boil . a hand pour hot water into the mug . milk be add . and a drop of vodka . ext . church - day burt and vivienne be stand outside , greeting guest . 100 . burt I just want you to know , if he do not show up for this wedding , I can not know what I will do . vivienne do not worry , burt . he 's clean himself up . he 's stop drink , he 's anxious to get a real job . he 's become a responsible citizen . ext . fifth avenue - day Arthur be stalking - drunk but determine - through the crowd . he come upon a group of tourist stand by a tour bus . naomi 's now wear a headset mic , point south . naomi due to a tragic error in the architect 's draw , the original statue of Liberty unveil in 1886 be just seven inch tall . 100,000 New yorker riote , have come expect to see something more impressive than a garden gnome hold up a ice cream ... arthur naomi ! Arthur push he way through the tourist . he see she bus and headset . arthur ( cont 'd ) you be on a bus ? with a microphone ? naomi girl 's gotta have a dream . arthur naomi . can you take the next 60 year off ? naomi be you okay ? you be a mess . you look like you ... now . arthur sorry . I accidentally swallow three bottle of hand sanitizer . fascinating story ... okay . ( more ) 101 . arthur ( cont 'd ) drink be the only way I could get the courage to come here and say this : I do not need the money . I love the money . but I do not lie awake all night wonder how I will live without ever see it again . I just wonder what it 's like to go 24 hour without a steak tartare . naomi look unconvince . Arthur pull out he wallet and take out a load of credit card . arthur ( cont 'd ) the american Express centurion card - you have to spend at least $ 250,000 a year to keep it , which I blow in a quiet week . he drop it down a drain . he produce another card . arthur ( cont 'd ) sotheby 's ` World Elite ' mastercard for art collector . drop it down drain too . the tourist be enjoy this . arthur ( cont 'd ) and King of all idiotic reckless - spend-the-fuck-out-of-everything - for -tomorrow-we-die plastic insanity : the Visa Black Card . this last one he hand to a passing homeless man . arthur ( cont 'd ) pin 3487 . Daily ATM limit $ 180,000 . the man run into the road . as Arthur talk , out of focus we see the man hit by a car , but get up and keep go . arthur ( cont 'd ) ( produce fancy i phone ) the world 's only platinum iphone . with police radio app . he toss it over he shoulder . it land in the beef juice pan of a Street french dip stall . a bigger crowd be gather . Arthur take off he jacket . arthur ( cont 'd ) Alexander amosu . vicuna wool , shorn once every three year from the South american camelid - $ 50,000 . 102 . he throw the jacket in a pass cab 's window . he take off he pants . arthur ( cont 'd ) westmancott trousers , ten month to design , fit and make . $ 21,000 . he hand the trousers to a passerby . off with he watch ! arthur ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) who want the watch Neil armstrong wear to step on the sun ! Arthur fling it in the air . a craze fight break out . Arthur stand before naomi in just he underpant and sock . arthur ( cont 'd ) this be from the gap . naomi I be so sorry about hobson . they step away from the tourist . arthur I be sorry about the rainbow Press . naomi it 's okay . so how do Susan take it that you be not marrying she ? arthur she do not . naomi you have not tell she ? arthur what 's it to you ? she 's you arch - enemy . naomi be you six ? she be not my enemy . she 's the woman you propose to ! arthur I could not tell she ! today 's the biggest day of she life ! naomi the wedding 's today ? when ? 103 . arthur 12 . which be ... ( look at he wrist ) where 's my watch go ? naomi ( look at she watch ) it 's eight minute to . arthur it 's too late , then . naomi hand Arthur she phone . arthur ( cont 'd ) I do not know she number ! it 's in my phone 's address book in that gloop . naomi Church ? arthur St. John the Divine . can we please just get I some clothes ... naomi St John .. fourth large church in the world ... 111th and Amsterdam . it 's about four mile . better hurry . arthur you want I to go there ? like this ? naomi what 's the alternative ? jilt Susan at the altar ? can I expect the same treatment when you dump I ? arthur no ! I love you ! naomi start herding she tourist onto she bus . naomi c'mon , folk ... arthur naomi ! Susan 's dad will ... 104 . naomi Arthur . prove you be not the same pampere little boy who can have what he want then toss it aside when he 's bored . then we will talk . she sit in the drive seat and belt up . arthur naomi ! I do not even know the way ! naomi 5th ... right on Broadway ... leave at Times ... right on 7th ... back on Broadway .... right on Amsterdam . the church be the big stone pointy thing full of rich people . the bus door shut . naomi drive away . arthur shit ! taxi ! a taxi stop . Arthur feel for he pocket . ah shit . arthur ( cont 'd ) um , can anyone spare ... ( to the driver ) how much to St. John the Divine please ? driver about 15 buck ... arthur ( to the crowd ) can anyone spare $ 15 please ? driver what about tip ? you cheapskate ? arthur 30 ? the crowd just stare back . the taxi drive away . arthur ( cont 'd ) stop ! stop ! Arthur look at a STREET clock : 11:53 . Arthur start run in he underwear . 105 . int . church - day - continuous guest be take they pews . ext . fifth avenue - day - continuous Arthur run along fifth . int . church - day - continuous Susan be be fuss over by bridesmaids . ext . broadway - day Arthur run up Broadway , pass a watch and clock store . every timepiece read 11:54 . int . church - day - continuous burt , sit in a pew , look at he watch . he look around for Arthur then scowl very scarily . ext . time square - day Arthur stop , out of breath . he see a line of STREET entertainer . that give he a idea . arthur ( shout ) Gather round for the nearly naked yoga man - yogi bare ! I give you ... Arthur strike a sequence of silly pose and name . arthur ( cont 'd ) ` Chicken forget birthday ' ... tourist throw money . Arthur grab it up . he look up at the Times Square digital clock : 11:56 . arthur ( cont 'd ) taxi ! a taxi stop . Arthur throw the money to the driver . arthur ( cont 'd ) how far can I go with $ 1.95 and a japanese coin with a hole in it ? 106 . driver a block and a half . arthur go ! Arthur jump in . the cab screech away . ext . seventh avenue - day the cab halt . Arthur jump out and start run again . he see a bus with ` columbus circle ' in its window . we cut to people cheer Arthur , hang on the bus 's front bicycle rack . but the driver see he and hit the brake . Arthur 's flung forward but get up and keep run . he see a Subway Station . arthur ( to passerby ) Excuse I , be there train down there , like in film ? passerby yes . Arthur run down the step . int . subway - day a train pull on to the platform . Arthur leap aboard . int . train - day Arthur stand among New yorker , none of whom bat a eyelid at he appearance . he look up at the station . arthur ( to a male passenger ) Excuse I . terribly sorry to bother you , but ... without look at he , the guy hand he a dollar . arthur ( cont 'd ) crikey . thanks . 107 . int . church . sacristy - day - continuous Susan be ready . she look to the door . erica , who be peer out , shake she head with a ` I tell you so ' look . int . naomi be tour bus - day naomi 's drive she bus up 42nd Street . naomi ( into a headset mic ) ... originally a rough neighbourhood . some say it be call 42nd Street because it be not safe to spend more than forty second on it . a few grudge laugh from the tourist . male tourist Excuse I . naomi if you burst into song , you be off this bus . male tourist huh ? I want to see St. John the Divine . naomi sorry , sir , that 's not on we route today . anyway ... female tourist I want to know if Arthur 's gonna make it . other female tourist ( cont 'd ) you should be there for he . other tourist agree . male tourist ( wave leaflet ) it say here `ask about you personalise tour ' . I want the personalise tour . to St. John the Divine ! all other tourist so do i! St. John the Divine , St. John the Divine , St. John the ... 108 . naomi okay ! ext . STREET . day Arthur come bound out of another station . clutch he dollar , he see a bus . he run aboard , and up to the driver . arthur ah ! I be try to get to ... Arthur feel eye on he . the bus be full of school child ! it 's a school bus ! they all stare for a beat , then get out cellphone to report the weirdo in they midst , who run off again and up Broadway , pass a store 's line of shopping cart . he start empty they of quarter . manager hey ! a police car round the corner . policeman ( into mic ) uh , unit 6j , we have report of a indecent exposure on a school bus . Arthur jump in a shopping cart ; as the truck pass , he launch forward , grab the rear fender ! int . church - day burt get up , squeezing past TIGER wood . ext . church - day Arthur 's cab pull up outside the church , surround by onlooker and paparazzi . Arthur leap out and fight he way through the crowd . people start to recognise the craze , sweat panting weirdo in underwear . paparazzi and pedestrian photograph and film he . he run into the church . int . church - day - continuous the church be pack with the great , good , rich and famous . vivienne sit wait . Arthur stumble in at the back . 109 . int . church - day Arthur 's try to inch along the back . but the congregation fall silent , watch he . he stumble up the aisle , look up to Jesus , in similar scantily - clad appearance , on a cross . arthur I be not he . ( show he wrist ) look mar ! no hole . Arthur slip in a side door . int . sacristy - day Susan be sit , sad , bridesmaid comforting she . arthur ( o.s. ) Susan ? Susan turn and be shocked to see Arthur . susan Arthur ? what 's go on ? arthur Susan . I can not ... I can not ... he lead she away from the bridesmaid . susan what ? arthur the girl at the party ? the one who talk all that rubbish about coffee mate ? I love she . Susan slap Arthur . hard . susan shut up ! we be get marry ! arthur but I do not love you ! susan and you think I love you ? arthur well , yes . what 's not to ... 110 . susan I never have . arthur Susan , you be upset , you hate I . it 's okay . now I be sorry , I have to go , or you dad 's go to do whatever he do to you boyfriend from college . susan daddy never hurt Alex . he pay she parent to send she away .. arthur her ? you be ..a... susan lesbian . yes . you may have notice that daddy be homophobic . he swore he would disown I if it happen again . arthur but ... why do you want to marry ... Arthur glance across , see erica skulking . arthur ( cont 'd ) hang on . be I you beard ? susan why else do you think I would spend more than 30 second in you company ? you be the perfect cover . arthur ( reeling ) have you be pretend to like dane cook as well ? susan no . arthur wow. wow. well . uh ... ( head to the door ) thanks for you honesty . I do not feel so bad about call this off . erica step in he way . 111 . susan Arthur , please . you can drink as much as you like , sneak off to naomi . we keep the money . we live we life . everyone win . arthur I may be a weak , pathetic drunk . but I will not marry a lesbian dane cook fan . Arthur push past erica . int . church . altar - night Arthur stumble out on the altar . the congregation stare . he tap a mic from the pulpit like a stand up . arthur good evening , St. John the Divine ! anyone in from St. Patrick 's ? bialystoker synagogue ? Manhattan mosque ? aa ? ext . church - day naomi 's tour bus screech up . she hurry out . sint . church - day Arthur 's still before the congregation , tell a story . arthur ... and the first turn to the second horse and say ` that dog just speak ' . the hateful silence that only 500 angry rich people can muster . arthur ( cont 'd ) the joke be that it 's inconsistent that the horse can speak but the dog can not . naomi creep in at the back . arthur ( cont 'd ) the wedding 's off . the bride have have second thought . I can not say I blame she . would you marry I ? ( more ) 112 . arthur ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) you will not be see I again , as I be go to be poor . I will be shopping at the 99 cent store . six pork chop for under a dollar ! TIGER wood discreetly scribbles ` 99c store , chop ' on a tear - out Bible page . arthur ( cont 'd ) great . I be glad we have this talk . I will let you get on with the wedding .... a huge crucifix strike Arthur hard . burt , craze with hatred , drag he by he hair off the altar . int . church . sacristy . day - continuous burt be bashing Arthur 's head hard against a stone font . susan daddy , no ! stop it ! vivienne burst in . follow by naomi . vivienne burt ! get off my son ! but nothing 's go to stop burt . susan ( louder than anyone yet ) daddy !!! Susan be over burt , brandish a virgin Mary statue . burt you would not hurt I . susan would not I ? you crush I . burt I just want you to be happy . susan bullshit . you want to stop I be a lesbian ! burt shut up ! shut up you dirty little dyke harlot ! 113. erica leap on burt , pummelling he face with she fist . erica you want some more , bitch ? huh ? Arthur look up at Susan . susan erica , that 's enough , honey . erica stop . Susan kiss she . arthur why do not you tell I ? we could have work something out . naomi give Arthur a look . arthur ( cont 'd ) I be joke . int . church - later the church be empty , apart from Arthur and naomi on the altar . naomi 's try to remove something from Arthur 's neck . vivienne be sit alone in a pew near the back . arthur ow ! stop it ! why be you do that ? naomi because I hate a infection ! keep still . arthur no , you keep still . he kiss naomi passionately . naomi what be we go to do , Arthur ? arthur I will get a job . I will model cheap riding boot for people with no horse . you can write book about boy whose lung have run away . vivienne stop this ! vivienne walk up to the altar . 114 . vivienne ( cont 'd ) a bach - templemead have never be poor and we be not about to try that experiment with you , Arthur . that say , you have show strength of character for once , instead of blub on about frog and friendship . the inheritance be yours . all I ask be , with hobson go , you finally start treat I like a mother . arthur sorry , vivienne . I can not do that . vivienne I beg you pardon ? arthur you have never earn that title . I would not fake it with Susan . I will not with you . vivienne Arthur . I will withdraw this offer forever . do not doubt I , boy . arthur I do not . Arthur shake vivienne 's hand . arthur ( cont 'd ) take care , viv. Arthur take naomi by the hand and they leave the church . vivienne Arthur ! Arthur ! I be serious ! if you walk out of that door ... they be go . vivienne sit in a pew . for once she look small , old , alone . ext . church - day Arthur and naomi step into the daylight , push past paparazzi and press . marty be wait in the batmobile , now repair . 115 . arthur sorry , marty . this be not mine any more . Fancy join we for a bowl of special j? marty get out . the three walk away up Amsterdam Avenue . fade out ext . queen - night caption : one month later arthur ( o.s. ) ow ! int . naomi be bedroom - night naomi 's type , sip ` sprike ' ( fake sprite ) . beside she be a print manuscript title vsnart fake new york - a bogus guide to the World 's greatest City . ' on the computer screen be : `... the 1765 irish Hair famine sweep through Manhattan , rendering every resident bald for a week . ' arthur ( o.s. ) this be outrageous ! int . naomi's apartment . shower - night - continuous Arthur 's struggle with a very crap , piddly shower . Rather than the glory of Manhattan from he shower - in- the-sky , Arthur just have a bare wall opposite to look out on . arthur operational heat control in a shower be a basic human right ! a hole in a pipe spray he groin with hot water . he scream . int . naomi's apartment . sitting room - night - continuous Ralph and marty sit watch sport , marty cheer as the yankee be lose , Ralph miserable , the doorbell ring . int . naomi's apartment . bathroom door . night Ralph stand hammer at the bathroom door , hold a package . 116 . arthur ( o.s. ) owww ! my eye ! I be blind ! Ralph hammer again . the bathroom door open . Arthur 's hold a giant bottle of cheap shampoo . his eye be bright red , stream . arthur ( cont 'd ) what the hell 's in this shampoo ? napalm ? it sure as hell be not tea tree oil ... Ralph hand he the package . ralph Package for you . with any luck a apartment for you and lurch . arthur I think you like I . ralph I may have be seduce by money . it happen . int . naomi's apartment . sitting room - night - continuous naomi appear from the bedroom . she find Arthur stare at a frame photo of hobson as a beautiful young woman hold Arthur as a happy , laugh toddler . a note be attach . arthur ( read it out ) ` can I be you friend at least ? Love , vivienne xxx . p.s. lunch sometime ? p.p.s . the inheritance be yours . it always be . ' Arthur look at naomi , at Ralph , at marty . ralph on balance , I would go for it . marty money good . they look at naomi . naomi you be never happy rich , honey . it 's only be a month . be strong . remember : however hard life get , love will always find a way . ( more ) 117 . naomi ( cont 'd ) ( off they stare : ) what ? can not a girl make a joke ? ext . manhattan - night Arthur step out of a bentley . int . aa meeting - night Arthur enter the aa meeting , clutching hobson 's ash . arthur bring she for moral support . but I will do the talk this time . fade out