as above , so below written by John erick dowdle Drew dowdle Feb. 15 , 2013 int . iranian bus - afternoon camera power up , jostle around until it settles on -- the floor of a third world bus . Middle Eastern leg , traditional Arabian dress to the floor , homemade bag , animal everywhere . a chaotic scene with man , woman , child all shouting in farsi . brief glimpsis of a mountainous landscape through the shaky window . this bus could really use some new shock and a better muffler . the camera rise , turn around revealing its operator , a woman wear a hajib ( a traditional Arabian headdress ) . she slump low in she seat for privacy , look around cautiously , and carefully lower she veil revealing -- scarlett durang , mid 20 , a adventurous british archaeologist . the kind of cat that get kill by curiosity . her off - the-chart intellect and multiple post - grad degree be barely conceal by she strike good look and punk rock inclination . judge from the cloth that edge frame , she be obviously shoot with a small camera attach to she hajib . she whisper to the camera - alert , but not scared . scarlett I be approximately 20 mile inside the iranian border en route to the habala region where they have order the destruction of a network of cave at sundown tonight . I believe this cave might contain a critical miss piece of we history . a piece I can not let they destroy . she turn the camera back around , then pause and go back to she face . scarlett ( cont ’d ) oh , and if I be find dead , please know I enter the country of my own free will , fully know the penalty for trespasp here be burial up to you neck in sand and have a rock wall push on top of you . which , you know , seem perfectly appropriate . she grin mischievously . scarlett ( cont ’d ) but they 's 1l have to catch I first . ext . habala province - sunset Sun be almost touch the horizon . the camera shake as scarlett cross through a sparsely populate marketplace as megaphone in the background demand everyone clear the area . scarlett be careful to keep pace with reza , a mousy Persian with a neatly trim moustache and a weathered knockoff Tommy hilfiger T-shirt . he lead she to a small , rock hut of a home . reza hurry ! come ! int . poor iranian home - sunset the camera follow reza into a shanty . reza if they catch you here it would be very bad for you . scarlett yeah . I know . reza nod to he wife , in traditional garb . she nod back and slide some sooty wooden shelf aside revealing -- a person - size hole in the floor that quickly fade to darkness . scarlett smile . she shine she mini flashlight into the hole , the ground be about 10 foot down . she get ready to climb in . reza wait . you 'il need this . reza grab a homemade rope ladder that 's tie to the base of the stove and drop it into the hole . int . habala cave - sunset scarlett climb into the dark cavern . as the camera cross the threshold it move into near total darkness . background sound from the street above become faint echoe . reza drop down right behind she . a grind sound as reza 's wife slide the bookshelve back into place , obliterate the light above . once scarlett get she foot , she shine she flashlight down the cave corridor . it 's long and dark . it 's about 4 foot tall , force scarlett and reza into a crouch scamper . reza we do not have much time . they have already clear the area . they race deeper and deeper into the cave . a megaphone squall . they jump . someone speak farsi into a megaphone right around the corner -- coming toward they ! they race back and take cover behind a rock . scarlett grab a rock off the floor in case she need to use it as a weapon . a armed guard pass , call instruction out into the megaphone . if he just look over he shoulder , he 'il see they . but he do not . reza ( cont 'd ) we need to leave . we be too late . scarlett they be not blow the cave until sundown , right ? scarlett check she watch . scarlett ( cont ’d ) should give we a few more minute . reza it 's too risky . scarlett which way be it ? I will go without you . reza no. scarlett I be not leave . reza can see she 's not bluff . and she 's not . he reluctantly continue . reza hurry ! they race through one last corridor , then arrive at they destination -- reza ( cont 'd ) there . scarlett race to it - a wall full of ancient coptic Christian inscription . scarlett ( whisper ) it 's even more beautiful than the picture . she run she finger through the groove as if she 's read braille . she quietly read aloud in a ancient tongue . reza we must hurry . please ! the camera seem to drift down , and she reset it a couple time until -- scarlett how can anyone think straight with this head cover fall all she anxiously whip the veil off she head and throw it down on the floor beside she , re-framing the cave in a awkward angle , capture she , reza , and the wall sideways . she continue read the inscription . scarlett ( cont ’d ) there 's more . she look around frantically , grab a rock off the floor . reza we have to go ! she hack away at the inscription with the rock , chiseling off chunks of stone with each hit . reza ( cont 'd ) what be you do ?! scarlett they be go to blow it up anyway ! reza they 'il hear you ! stop ! a whistle blow in the distance . someone shout in farsi . reza ( cont 'd ) they be go to blow it . scarlett I just need a minute . reza we do not have a minute ! she analyze the stone wall . pick a specific spot mark by a inscribe rise . take one more hit and the whole wall collapse to the ground revealing -- a giant stone statue of a bull holding a snake in its mouth . it 's face be fierce , ominous , creepy . and it 's cover with inscription . one glance at it and scarlett know what it be . scarlett oh my God ! do you know what this be ?! it take she a moment to snap to . reza grab she and physically try to escort she away . reza we must go ! now ! she push she way free . scarlett I have be search for this all my life ! go ! i’1l catch up ! reza I be sorry . I have a family . reza run off , leaving her alone in the cave . scarlett whip out a small piece of equipment the size of remote control from a small satchel hide under she robe . we hear faint voice on megaphone from down the tunnel . the small scanner hum to life as it emit a solid line of green light . scarlett begin to methodically blanket the statue with the laser , scan it for future study . scarlett come on . the light create eerie shadow of the statue on vault ceiling of the chamber . she 's painfully slow make sure to get every detail of this ancient relic . the voice from the megaphone be get louder and more forebode . the voice in the megaphone seem to be do a countdown , but in the foreign language , it 's hard to tell which number it 's down to . scarlett know how close she 's cut this , but she will not lose this piece of history . she continue swiping the green laser line from the scanner over every side of the bull . she 's do ! she grab she headdress and run like hell . boom ! a black dust cloud rush past scarlett , leaving her in the dark in the cave . she cough a couple time , but continue . boom ! another blast . boom ! scarlett keep racing forward , hope the sound of collapse rock will not catch she . she slam into something . scarlett ( cont ’d ) reza ! reza ! something move . sunlight crack through the dust . the rope ladder drop . scarlett climb into the light . int . poor iranian home - sundown and back into reza 's house . she collapse on the ground , cough furiously . she hold up the scanner . scarlett I get it . I get it . she keep cough as reza shake he head . reza you remind I so much of you father . but you must be more careful . his quest be a path to madness . CUT out : note : the follow kickstarter video will be more '' produce '' than the rest of the film - full of b- Roll , even music , glossy - a real presentational video . int . scarlett 's office - university college london scarlett , now in she '' street clothes '' have a punk -rock hip that 's hard to deny . she look directly into the camera and talk . scarlett hello kickstarter . my name be scarlett durang , and I may have just discover the key to immortal life . int . scarlett 's office - day benji donaghan , late 20 , a friendly , slightly heavy red irishman . the devilish glint in he eye remind we of that rascally friend we all like to drink with when we need a laugh . benji I be benji donaghan . for that of you who have see my previous documentary like loner or brother in arm , you know I be fascinate with obsessive personality type . CUT to : scarlett talk to camera scarlett I be a professor of archaeology at University College London . I have a phd in egyptology . a master in chemistry and another phd in linguistics . I be fluent in four speak language , and two dead one . ( she smile ) and I be a blackbelt in krav maga . benji talk to camera benji I have yet to see she do anything . literally anything at all that be not drive by she all - consume quest to find the lose knowledge of the alchemist . back to scarlett scarlett what be alchemy ? she smile . this be a big question . a montage of imagery : alchemist , arcane symbol , representation of the philosopher 's Stone and the process use to create it play over the follow . scarlett ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) alchemy be a early form of science in which the practitioner attempt to create a mythical substance know as the philosopher 's Stone , which could turn base metal to gold , cure disease and provide the key to eternal life . ext . rue nicolas flamel - day scarlett point to the house behind she . scarlett 600 year ago , the great of the alchemist , nicolas flamel , live in this house in Paris . ( more ) scarlett ( cont 'd ) he be widely believe to have succeed in develop the philosopher 's Stone , which would have give he all the wealth he could dream of as well as eternal life . i/e . montage imagery of flamel 's life do in the old style of woodcut . scarlett though we do not have definitive proof of this , we do know that he be a middle class book dealer who suddenly become one of the wealthiest man in Paris ... present day footage of building he money build . scarlett ( cont ’d ) ...- donate orphanage and hospital all over the city , many of which still stand today . ext . rue nicolas flamel - day back to scarlett . scarlett in fact , he be so generous with this money , that 600 year later , this street in Paris be still name after he . the camera pan off she to the sign '' rue nicolas flamel '' beside she . ext . fontaine des innocent - day scarlett now stand near the fontaine des innocent - the last remnant of Paris 's original cemetery . scarlett we also know that when grave robber , hope to get they hand on the philosopher 's Stone , try to dig he body up out of a cemetery that use to surround this spot here , they find he casket empty . as well as he wife 's . int . museum - day 10 . scarlett stand in front of a archaeological exhibit ina parisian museum . scarlett and we know that 400 year later , a archeologist work for King Louis XV meet a old man in Turkey who know thing he believe only nicolas flamel could have know . he be convinced to he die day that this man have be flamel himself . int . scarlett 's office - day again , scarlett sit in she office talk to camera , though she seem uncomfortable with the question ask of she . scarlett I ... come from a studious household , I guess . when I be 7 , my mother die suddenly and ... we take it really hard . my dad drop everything to search for the key to everlast life . and I go with he . everywhere . benji speak to camera . benji her father be a Nobel Laureate ! when he drop out and go search for nicolas flamel 's discovery , it be the scandal of academia . everyone chalk it off to madness . scarlett talk . scarlett no , he be not crazy . he just believe that some thing in this universe be not wire together as simply as modern science might suggest . CUT to : CUT to : CUT to : 11 . benji speak . benji after spend 20 year chase clue , she father take he own life . int . musee do cluny - day scarlett stand in front of a glass case hold a gravestone cover in symbol at the musee de cluny . scarlett this be flamel 's gravestone , which he design and carve himself . the camera zoom in on it . scarlett ( cont ’d ) many believe that the clue to the location of the philosopher 's Stone be encode in this arcane symbol , but its meaning have remain a mystery until this ... she hold up a photograph of the statue she scan in Iran . scarlett ( cont ’d ) the fable '' Rose Key , '' a kind of rosetta Stone decipher alchemical symbol into aramaic . int . scarlett 's office benji we be seek money to both finance the expedition to find this mythical stone , and for I to shoot a documentary chronicle scarlett 's journey . scarlett let we conquer death together . CUT to : int . scarlett 's office - evening note : from this point forward , everything will be show in a '' raw footage '' style . 12 . the camera power on , settling on scarlett at the computer . this lack all the polish display in the promo video . this be the beginning of the documentary footage . scarlett sit at she computer . benji ( 0.c . ) hit refresh . she do . the camera turn to reveal : of $ 30,000 they be try to raise to make they documentary , they be $ 29,975 of the way there . scarlett almost there ! benji ( 0.c . ) hit it again . scarlett give it a moment . she can not wait . she hit it . benji ( 0.c. ) some moment . $ 29,990 . scarlett so close . benji ( 0.c . ) hit it again . hit it again . scarlett you . he hit it . '' funded ! '' scarlett pop a bottle of champagne , pour they each a glass . scarlett ( cont ’d ) get on camera ! he do . they clink glass . benji how do you feel ? scarlett like it 's time to get to work . she motion to she statue of the Rose Key . 13 . scarlett ( cont 'd ) now all we need be someone who can read aramaic . ( she smile wryly ) good thing I know a guy . ext . rue des jardin - day scarlett see a small crowd gather on a street watch GEORGE , late 20 , handsomely enthusiastic in a bookish way . one look and you know he 's the kind of warm - heart guy you could always depend on in a pinch . GEORGE this be what I love about Paris . you can literally step up to any corner and there be layer and layer of history go back thousand of year . someone , name a era . a couple hand go up . George point at one . student french Revolution . GEORGE oh , there 's a good one for that . look at this street right here . in 1795 royalist sympathizer storm the street threaten the deputy of the National Convention . benji walk the camera closer as George talk . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) napoleon bonaparte , recently make Commander of the Army of the Interior , be ask to stop they . so what do he do ? he fire cannon into the crowd ! cannon load with pellet so they would literally decimate hundred of people . so what do you think the government do when they find out ? you think they reprimand he ? put he in jail ? anything ? no ! they promote he ! you do not want to piss off the french . he look around at the crowd . 14 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) okay , who want to pick another era ? scarlett the era of nicolas flamel ? George know that voice . he look like he 's just be hit by a 2 x4 as he spot scarlett there listen to he . GEORGE ( to the class ) give I a moment , please . George walk to scarlett . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) whatever it be , I want no part of it . scarlett you have not even hear ... GEORGE I will save you the time . no. George look to the camera guy . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) who 's this guy ? ( look to benji ) who be you ? scarlett he 's make a film about my search for ... benji ( 0.c. ) I be benji. GEORGE ( to benji ) Word to the wise ... walk , do not run from this one ! scarlett you mean run do not walk ? GEORGE yeah . shut up . ( to benji ) do she tell you last time I see she , I literally wound up in a turkish prison ?! 15 . scarlett it be more like a jail than a prison . George look at the camera guy and point at she . you get a load of this ?! GEORGE it be jail . in Turkey . think she be there wait for I when I get out ? scarlett ( sheepish ) I could not let the lead go dead . GEORGE God forbid . well go on , chase you lead . see how far that get you . I have a class to teach . he turn to walk away . scarlett I find the Rose Key . this stop he in he track . GEORGE you do ? scarlett yeah . GEORGE it be in Iran be not it . ( catch himself ) forget I ask , I do not care . ( stop ) it be though , be not it . scarlett yes . GEORGE I know it ! ha ! I know it ! scarlett I need you help translate the aramaic . GEORGE wait . do you go to Iran ?! 16 . scarlett it do not matter who go . GEORGE you do , do not you . by yourself ? scarlett it do not matter who ... GEORGE you be such a lunatic . ( to the camera ) she be a total lunatic . be careful . ( to scarlett ) I ' 1ll help translate . but that 's it ! scarlett okay . he smile , excited despite himself . GEORGE ( before go ) I know it would be in Iran . int . georgeas archaeological workshop - evening George and scarlett look over a small model replica of the statue she find in Iran and a large photo printing of flamel 's tombstone . scarlett wait anxiously as George analyze the symbol write as he go . the room be full of artifact , mud , microscope . all bone and clay and dirt . all function , no form . completely lack a woman 's touch . scarlett almost do ? GEORGE shh . she pace . she 's be wait for this moment all she life . George put he pen down . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) okay . scarlett what do it say ?! GEORGE ( " oh my God ! ) it say the philosopher 's Stone be in the champ elysee 's Starbucks bathroom . scarlett seriously . GEORGE okay , let I read . I think it 's in couplet , so let I try to get the rhythm right . scarlett just tell I what ... GEORGE let I do this right ... ( read ) '' wing vulture lead you way , with brightest light , in darkest day . scarlett sit , not sure what this mean . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) underneath the heaven 's reign , what be lose shall be regain , when halfway twixt the darkest gate and this tablet laid atop this pair 'ed fate . scarlett parrot ?! GEORGE pair 'ed . scarlett pair 'ed ? you mean pair ? GEORGE yes . but pair do not rhyme . scarlett and it have to rhyme ? GEORGE it rhyme in aramaic . I be try to do justice to the translation . 17 . 18 . scarlett this tablet ? you be sure it say this tablet ?! GEORGE of course I be sure . scarlett this tablet . the headstone be a marker . GEORGE where it be , in a cemetery that no longer exist . scarlett yeah . '' underneath the heaven 's reign , what be lose shall be regain ... '' GEORGE '' what be lose shall be regain . '' scarlett that 's get to be the philosopher 's Stone . GEORGE maybe . scarlett '' underneath heaven 's reign ... '' could be under the night sky ... GEORGE or under this tombstone ! it 's get a night sky right on it . scarlett yeah . GEORGE '' darkest gate ... '' scarlett Hell . '' darkest gate . '' the gate of hell . GEORGE okay . but that give we nothing . halfway between he grave and the gate of hell ? 19 . scarlett wait , wait , wait ! scarlett rush to a SMALL notebook full of alchemical symbol and text . it look like something write by a madman . GEORGE what 's that ? scarlett my dad 's notebook . he leave it to I . there be something ... she rifle through it , find a page . she slam the book down on the table . George look at it as the camera look on . it 's a replica of a arcane draw of the heavenly body above the earth , the ground , and hell within . but the thing that make this interesting ... the distance be note . GEORGE it have the distance they believe between heaven and earth and hell ! scarlett accord to the alchemist , the number of the Devil be 741 . make sense they would believe hell to be 741 foot beneath the surface of the earth . GEORGE so halfway twixt this tablet and ... scarlett 370.5 foot directly beneath he tombstone be where we will find the philosopher 's Stone . GEORGE foot be a bit short back then . more like 10.8 inch per foot . wo not be hard to ... scarlett how be we go to get 370 foot into the earth ? GEORGE scarlett , you be in Paris ! she get he meaning . 20 . scarlett the catacomb ! benji ( 0.c . ) what be '' the catacomb ? '' GEORGE it 's a network of tunnel under the street of Paris , that span over 200 mile ...? no , nothing ? he see benji really do not know anything about it , so he go on . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) in the 1700s , the cemetaire des innocent ... scarlett where the flamel and he wife be supposedly bury . GEORGE be so full of hundred of year of dead body , that the entire city stank , and people be get sick . it be disgusting . so ... they take all the lime quarry under the city and use they to house the remain of some 6 million body . he let that sink in . benji ( 0.c . ) six million ?! GEORGE it 's by far the world 's large crypt . scarlett so we might be able to just walk right on down there ? GEORGE and get you philosopher 's Stone . which , for the record , I do not really actually believe in . scarlett you will . 21 . ext . fontaine des innocent - day scarlett , George and benji stand on a street corner near where the flamel be allegedly bury . scarlett refer to she father 's notebook . scarlett accord to Sir Isaac Newton , who be a legendary alchemist , flamel 's grave be twenty seven pace due north from the fountain . GEORGE let 's walk it out . she pace she step , count as she go . she wave to traffic as she walk right through the busy Paris intersection . George shake he head , look to benji . she stop . call back to they . scarlett right ... hooonnnkk ! the camera spin as a car screech to a stop right beside scarlett and the camera , scare the shit out of they both . they get out of the street . scarlett take a breath , try to play off the adrenalin surging through she vein . scarlett ( cont 'd ) 370.5 foot below that point . int . archaeological workshop - night scarlett mark a large map of Paris with a red x . scarlett this be where flamel 's grave be . George lift a map of the catacomb print on transparency and pin it over the map of Paris . flamel 's grave fall in a area without tunnel under it . GEORGE shit . scarlett shit. 22 . benji what be it ? GEORGE the catacomb do not go under flamel 's grave . scarlett take a step back . think . scarlett so what do we do ? GEORGE we ? there 's no we here . I be help with translation . that 's it . scarlett choose to ignore he . scarlett maybe we could burrow in through this tunnel . GEORGE burrow in ? you know how thick this wall be ? they be make of solid granite , and they have all be reinforce since .... something occur to George . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) «+. part of the city collapse into it ! George look like he 's just be strike by lightning . he feverishly grab a small handful of pin , race to the map . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) in 1774 , about 100 foot of Avenue denfert-rochereau ... he place a pin in the map . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) be literally swallow up into the ground , fall 100 foot into the earth . he place another pin . 23 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) another collapse happen a few year later at barriére d' enfer . follow by a collapse here at ... Avenue des fontaine ! he place a pin right next to the '' x '' mark flamel 's grave . scarlett get where he 's go with this . scarlett why would the street collapse if it 's nothing but solid ground underneath it ?! GEORGE exactly ! scarlett there must be a hide chamber ! GEORGE it would appear so . scarlett we have to get down there . GEORGE again , there 's no '' we '' here . ext . paris catacomb official tour area - day George and scarlett approach the entrance to the official tourist area of the catacomb where other tourist wait in line . scarlett busy ticket . scarlett Three ticket please . GEORGE oh , no , I be not go in . just two ticket . scarlett shoot George a strange look . scarlett Three . scarlett busy three ticket despite George 's reservation . 24 . GEORGE I be serious . I be not go in there . scarlett do not tell I you be scared of a little cave ? GEORGE I ... have a thing . scarlett what kind of thing ? GEORGE I do not go underground . scarlett you be a archaeologist ! GEORGE I know . but I never go underground . scarlett that 's kind of sad . it 's like be a deaf composer or something . GEORGE regardless , you be not get I down there . int . paris catacomb official tour area - day benji film scarlett follow the official tour of the catacomb . Bones and plaque neatly arrange in a morbid but antiseptic display . a french tour guide tour the group of Americans and brit . tour guide by the 1700s , resident from all over Paris be complain about the horrible smell of the body in the overcrowded cemetery . something have to be do . Louis the 15th , officially order the cemetery within city limit close ... another shot : 25 . tour guide ( cont ’d ) +. and the remain be bring down here in the old quarry that have be use to build the city . benji ( 0.c . ) this place be creep I out . I do not like be in a tomb . scarlett see a plaque . '' cemetaire des innocent . '' she turn and talk to the camera . scarlett this remain be from the same cemetery as the flamel 's grave . scarlett reference she map . scarlett ( cont 'd ) so , we be look to go about half a mile right through this wall . as the tour guide continue , scarlett case the structure , like a inmate look for weak link in a prison . scarlett find a small gap between the wall . she look around . the tour be make a little distance . scarlett ( cont 'd ) I can squeeze through this . wait for I . she climb through the gap in the wall and disappear into the darkness . benji Jesus . you kid I ? scarlett ( loud whisper ) shine the light in here . benji shine a light into the crevasse . nothing . benji ( 0.c. ) scarlett ? he turn the camera back to the tour , still barely out of sight , but come back . benji ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) scarlett ?! 26 . nothing . benji ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) shit . he lean the camera in closer to get a better look , completely get unnerve by this whole thing . scarlett lunge out a the camera ! scarlett baaah ! benji jump back away from the hole , dropping the camera . scarlett find herself pretty funny . benji you be go to make I break the damned camera ! scarlett sorry . tour guide you be not allow back there ! please get back into the group ! int . catacomb tour entrance area — day on the way out , the ticket taker look punk rock cool . he smile to scarlett . she approach he . scarlett ( quietly ) do you know any way to get into the private area of the catacomb ? the ticket taker look around sheepishly . ticket taker no . scarlett thanks anyway . she note he die antwoord t-shirt . scarlett ( cont 'd ) I see they in Berlin last April . one of the best night of my life . 27 . ext . catacomb entrance area - day George wait outside . scarlett you miss a nice tour . GEORGE good . scarlett I do not see anything that could have ... the ticket taker hustle to scarlett . he hand she a club flyer for Club silencio . ticket taker ask for Papillon . scarlett thanks . she nod to he . he nod back and leave . she hold it up for George to see . scarlett ( cont 'd ) let 's go find Papillon . ext . club silencio - night scarlett , George and benji get out of a cab . GEORGE you sure this be the place ? scarlett that 's what it say . nothing from the street would indicate this be a club . just a average -size man sip a vodka in front of a nondescript door . scarlett lead George to the door . the man stop they . point to a list . scarlett ( cont 'd ) we be not on the list . he shrug he shoulder . not happen . 28 . scarlett ( cont ’d ) we be look for Papillon . man ah , Papillon ?! why do not you say so ? he open the door and show they inside . int . club silencio - night scarlett , George and benji enter a bizarre parisian nightclub that resemble a beautifully design bunker . the man point to the back of the room . man Papillon la . scarlett merci . she lead George and benji through dancer and lounge-lizard to some table in the back . she find papillon , sip a red drink , talk excitedly with friend . have he be bear half a century ago , Papillon surely would have be a leader of the french resistance , but in this time must amuse himself with less constructive form of rebellion . scarlett ( cont ’d ) Papillon ? papillon qui étes-vous ? scarlett I need to get into the catacomb . I be tell you could take I . he laugh . papillon do I look like a tour guide to you ? scarlett do I look like a tourist ? he smile . take a sip of he drink . 29 . papillon why would I want to bring you down there ? she take a map of the catacomb out of she pocket and slap it onto the table in front of he . scarlett because we have find a secret passage that nobody know about . Papillon look at the marking . shake he head . papillon we would have find it if it be there . scarlett no you would not have . it be design to not be see . papillon why would that be ? scarlett because , I believe , it 's full of treasure . Papillon laugh . look to George . papillon be she serious ? George nod . papillon ( cont ’d ) I and my friend can take half this treasure ? scarlett you can have it all . that 's not what we be look for . GEORGE half be probably fine . papillon you be a strange girl , be not you . scarlett you do not know the half of it . 30 . int . papillon 's apartment - night Papillon throw a couple pair of rubber wader and helmet to George and scarlett . papillon try this . GEORGE oh , I be not go in . I be just here for support . scarlett he 's come . George , I need you help . GEORGE this guy seem to know what he 's do . scarlett but who know what we ’1ll come across down there . I can not decipher it all without you . come on , we be a good team , remember ? GEORGE text it to I and I will ... papillon no cell phone down there . Ground be too dense . GEORGE so there 's no way to call for help if something go wrong ? papillon no . GEORGE then I be definitely not go . a knock at the door . papillon ( shout ) entrez ! ( to scarlett ) my team . in walk zed , a quiet , squirrely frenchman of 25 , with large calve and strong hand . a perfectly design climb machine . 31 . he 's trail by souxie , a motherly goth girl . she 's the de mother of the cataphile . papillon ( cont ’d ) this be Zed , the last letter in climb . and souxie . the banshee . she see all the wader and helmet and everything all over the place . souxie ah , what a mess Papillon ! papillon she also manage we supplies . souxie sort through the supplies . int . papillon' apartment - later the group stand around a map of the catacomb . papillon we will enter through the park . that will make it easier to find La taupe . scarlett La taupe ? papillon '' the mole . '' souxie he life down there . GEORGE he life down there ?! souxie oui. GEORGE weird . Papillon point to a spot on the map . papillon he be usually around ... scarlett but that 's the wrong direction . 32 . papillon sometimes go the wrong direction be the quick way . scarlett do we really need this guy ? we have Maps and ... papillon oui . we need this guy . int . papillon 's apartment - night souxie count out all the flashlight , clothes , etc . she test each flashlight herself . she notice the camera and talk . souxie it be dangerous underground . if you run out of battery , and no flashlight , you will die . if you run out of water ... if you get hurt . zed there be also danger of cave in , police , rat , bat , claustrophobia , drown , bug . souxie many thing can go wrong down there . we need to plan for they all . there be no room for mistake . Papillon check food and water . papillon and we always bring enough food and water for a week . GEORGE a week ?! Papillon shrug he shoulder . ext . wooded area - night scarlett and George follow souxie , Papillon , and Zed into a dark wood area in a park in Paris . 33 . Papillon stop they about 50 foot shy of a dirt mound with a hole in it , surround by concrete and graffiti . the hole look more like something a raccoon would live in . he and Zed scan the area for police . papillon the police hate I here . all clear . ext . catacomb entrance - night they approach the hole . a tight fit drop into darkness . not something you have ever want to climb into . GEORGE you be go in that ?! seriously ? benji let 's turn on the camera . benji come around beside scarlett . he turn on the gopro attach to she headlamp . he make a dipshit face into the camera . benji ( cont 'd ) B camera , good check . he approach Zed , who also have one on he headlamp . benji flip it on . make a dipshit face into camera . benji ( cont 'd ) C camera good check . benji nod to Papillon . ready . scarlett hand George a ruck sack . scarlett here . he look at it . GEORGE what 's this ? scarlett you bag . GEORGE you have some serious listen skill issue . 34 . papillon Zed ... allez ! Zed drop through the hole . int . catacomb entrance - continuous Zed climb swiftly through a jag shaft of rock to the floor of the catacomb . zed clear ! ext . catacomb entrance - night George and scarlett continue they discussion . scarlett I need you on this . GEORGE scarlett , I be sorry . papillon souxie ... allez ! souxie disappear through the hole . papillon ( cont ’d ) ( to George ) I do not care what you do , but make up you mind now . GEORGE I be not come . scarlett he 's come . boom ! out of nowhere , papillon be taken down right through the camera from a OPEN field tackle by a parisian policeman . a whistle blow . the camera spin to find a second policeman run toward they . papillon allez ! allez ! allez ! scarlett sorry George . 35 . she jump through the hole and disappear . George stand there , look at he bag . at the hole . at the oncoming policeman . GEORGE shit . shit. shit. papillon allez ! allez ! benji jump through the hole with the camera , follow closely by George . int . catacomb entrance - continuous benji make he way down though the jag rock as Zed point out the safe place to step . George appear , with ruck sack . GEORGE you fucker . shit ! scarlett look around the catacomb . this be much rougher than the official tourist area , but in its way , much more beautiful . painting and graffiti on the wall give it a urban , cool vibe . scarlett this be beautiful . George look a bit shell shocked to be down here . scarlett greet he . scarlett ( cont 'd ) I know you have come with we . GEORGE yeah , thanks . Papillon appear above , drop like a bat into hell . he hit every wall on the way down . papillon allez ! allez ! allez ! Papillon dig furiously in he pocket as they race through the tunnel , flee from the police . policeman ( 0.c. ) arret ! arret ! 36 . Papillon light up a smoke bomb , drop it . the effect of the gather smoke be eerie , unsettle . papillon careful ! Papillon leap over a two foot hole in the floor . follow by scarlett , and the rest . he motion into a alcove where they wait for the smoke to clear . souxie the catacomb make the police nervous . they do not like to go very deep in here . GEORGE I do not blame they . as the smoke clear , they see : int . artist alcove - night they be in a kind of artist 's gallery . the wall be all paint , beautiful . the police be nowhere to be find . papillon ha ha . Police will never catch Papillon ! a artist creep out of the shadow and curse Papillon out for bring the authority there . he hate the smoke bomb and despise the tourist that Papillon bring with he . artist cessez de réduire la police ici ! papillon détendez . je les be évité avant que nous soyon arrivé ici . artist et cette fumée ruine mar peinture . papillon bonne choose que votre peinture est terrible . scarlett approach the artist 's work . it really be beautiful . 37 . scarlett c'est tré beau . the artist appreciate this very much . artist merci . papillon avez-vous vu la taupe ? artist non . Il n'a pas 6té par ici . papillon La taupe have not be here . we must look for he . GEORGE there be over 200 mile of tunnel . you suggest we wander they aimlessly until we find this weirdo ? papillon je not sais pas . Papillon lead they on . int . catacomb corridor Papillon lead they through a corridor as scarlett look over she map . papillon ( call out ) La taupe ? c’est moi , Papillon . scarlett wait ! we be go in the wrong direction . we need to be go that way . papillon we have not find La taupe . scarlett be it possible that he 's not down here ? papillon the artist say he just see La taupe a couple hour ago . 38 . scarlett no he do not . I speak french . that 's not what he say . papillon La taupe know every cave . scarlett hold up she map . scarlett so do I . papillon you think because you see something in a book you know it ?! Papillon smack the map as he talk . go the papillon ( cont ’d ) this be not the catacomb ! this will not tell you anything ! which one be fill with water ? which one be too full of bone to pass ? which one have collapse ?! if you want to follow this map go ahead . I be go to find La taupe because this cave be dangerous and you need to know where you be go ! scarlett I be go . who 's with I . GEORGE scarlett . he 's right . scarlett why be we waste we time with ... GEORGE you know I do not want to spend a extra minute down here than I have to . but if this guy say he need La taupe , I be inclined to trust he . scarlett he do not even know that the guy be down here . or where he be . slow way be very much against scarlett 's nature . GEORGE if the stone be down here , it 's be here for six hundred year . ( more ) 39 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) it will keep for a couple extra hour . she reluctantly relent . scarlett okay . George turn to Papillon . GEORGE now , do not make I look like a asshole . as they cross through another room , strange electronic music play . papillon come . int . catacomb cinema Papillon lead they through a slightly larger space . on one side , half a dozen cataphile sit in what look like stone bleacher cut into the wall . on the other side , a movie -- the old silent version of '' phantom of the Opera '' with lon chaney . the image have be '' remix '' to aphex twin , create a interesting blend of old and new . the movie show the phantom descend under the parisian Opera house into the catacomb . papillon we cinema . George look at the relaxed Parisians watch a movie down here . GEORGE you guy be freak . int . catacomb corridor as they cross through a corridor , Papillon point out a small replica of the bocca della verita in Rome . ( a giant disk of a carve face with a open mouth . ) he nudge George , point at it . 40 . papillon accord to legend , this statue will bite off you hand if you tell a lie . George be loosen up a bit . GEORGE let 's give it a shot . he reach he hand toward it , think for a moment . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you might not believe this , but my nipple be perfectly shape like little elvis head . early elvis . George slide he hand into the carve mouth . sending bat shoot out from the statue ! GEORGE ( cont 'd ) aaah ! shit ! I hate this place . Papillon have a good laugh at George . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) yeah , thanks guy . as they cross to the far end of the corridor , they hear something -- a kind of industrial dance music . the beat build as they get closer . Papillon look to the other , do a little rave -y dance , smile , and run toward the music . George and scarlett look to each other . this fuck guy . the music get louder as they get closer . as they turn a bend , they see : int . cataphile rave a underground rave , light in flash red and pulsing techno music . people shuffle and dance like the possess . at a glance , it look like people might be have sex in the dark corner . other be scantily clad , in underwear or less . people wear mask and horn and animal headdress . the kind of underground party we all know probably happen somewhere , but would never get invite to ourselves . 41 . Papillon push he way through the crowd , try to ask people - through the noise - if they have see La taupe . a skinhead grab scarlett , pull she into the crowd , start grind on she . he 's wear nothing but combat boot and he underwear , revealing a swastika on he chest . scarlett push away , but he 's aggressive . George jump forward , hit the skinhead across the face , slamm he back through the crowd and onto he back . other raver jump to the skinhead 's aid , strike George in the mouth . scarlett try to intervene on George 's behalf , but no word can be hear over the pulsing music . people , very tough , very scary people corner George . one take a swing , but George block it . George get ready for a real fight . he 's amp up . scarlett insert herself between George and the crowd . Papillon push he way through , and hold the raver off George . scarlett and George push they way through the crowd and back out of the room . int . catacomb corridor as they clear the room , the flashlight overpower the strobe . they can hear again . George touch the back of he hand to he mouth and see the blood . GEORGE ( to scarlett ) you be welcome . scarlett I do not thank you . GEORGE that guy be all over you . scarlett I could have handle it myself . GEORGE yeah , really ? 42 . papillon that people be crazy people . dangerous people . Papillon make a crazy sign with he hand . papillon ( cont ’d ) you overreact . GEORGE I literally punch a Nazi . how be I suddenly the asshole ? scarlett I be not some damsel in distress . I do not need you help . George look around . at himself . in the catacomb . GEORGE yeah ? since when ? scarlett ( playful ) do not kid yourself . you would not want to go toe- to - toe with I . I be pretty tough . GEORGE you ?! that 's ridiculous . she draw a line in the sand on the floor . stands on George 's side of it . scarlett try to move I across this line . i’1l show you . Papillon laugh and clap . GEORGE I be not go to push a girl . scarlett because you be scared of she ? GEORGE I be not ... this be so stupid . what , you have some self - defense - class - — karate - move you learn in case somebody try to grab you ? that 's all well and good unless somebody push you ... 43 . he rush at she . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) ... like this ! scarlett step toward he , nail he in the solar plexus , knock the wind out of George . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) oh ! scarlett I might know a little more than a self - defense- class - karate - move . Papillon laugh , raise she hand up in victory . papillon the champion ! GEORGE I think he just call you a mushroom . int . catacomb mushroom alley they enter a alcove with bright fluorescent paint on the wall , a lot of it of mushroom or other hallucinogenic - — inspire motif . Papillon call down a tunnel . papillon La taupe ? they be all look a bit tired . they have cover a lot of ground already . a voice call out from the darkness . LA taupe ( 0.s. ) chantez -le ? Papillon stop , do a weird little jig . papillon ( sing ) La taupe , La taupe , La taupe . c’est moi , c’est moi , c’est moi . papi , papi , papi , ion , ion ion . from the darkness , a voice sing . 44 , LA taupe papi , papi , papi , ion , ion , ion . c'est moi , c’est moi aussi , La taupe est le garcon ! La taupe rush out of the shadow and give Papillon a bear hug , he face obscure in shadow under he hood sweatshirt . papillon mon ami étrange ! LA taupe mon ami puant ! La taupe look at scarlett and George suspiciously . LA taupe ( cont ’d ) qui sont -elle ? papillon il sont ok . vous not vous inquiétez pas . LA taupe pourquoi ont - il des appareil - photo ? papillon il font un documentaire environ ... LA taupe non ! La taupe cover he face with he hand . LA taupe ( cont ’d ) ( to the camera ) you can not film I ! I do not permit to you filming I . benji drop the camera low . LA taupe ( cont ’d ) go. get out of this place ! he take a beer bottle and throw it at they , almost hit George . GEORGE whoa ! Papillon hold up a hand . give I a sec . he walk off with La taupe . 45 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) this do not bode well . George and the gang watch Papillon and La taupe exchange terse word . after a discussion , Papillon return . papillon he will join we . scarlett great . GEORGE if we still want he . guy throw a bottle at my head . papillon he just throw it . it be not at you head . GEORGE it skimm my head . I feel it on my hair . papillon but first he sleep . GEORGE sleep ?! do you say , '' first he sleep ?! " papillon he have eat the ... how you say ... Papillon look around , point to a graffiti image of a mushroom . papillon ( cont ’d ) this . GEORGE mushroom ? papillon oui. mushroom . GEORGE he 's on mushroom ?! papillon yes. GEORGE how long ago do he eat they ? 46 . papillon two hour . GEORGE so he 's go to be high for like another six ?! scarlett look at he . George shrug he shoulder . I know what 's up . papillon we stay here for the night . GEORGE for the night ?! papillon yes . we sleep . GEORGE no. fuck this . I be out . I gotta get out of this place . I be pack my shit up and leave . scarlett how will you find you way back out ? GEORGE it 's that way . the camera pan off to show the long , dark corridor , George point at . papillon go ahead . try . we will send a search party for you in a couple day . GEORGE you know , I be get real sick of you tone . papillon I be sure the skinhead party would love to see you again without I to save you . GEORGE you do not save I . scarlett why do not you just try to relax . 47 . GEORGE because I be trap under the ground ! in a rat fill tunnel that be dig in the 1500s . we tour guide be high as a kite and so far we have be walk in the wrong direction . what could possibly stop I from relax ?! Papillon light up a joint . offer some to George . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) perfect solution . let 's everyone get high . I be sure nothing bad could happen then . Papillon turn to walk away . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) wait . give I that . George have a hit off the joint . papillon it 's good , yes ? GEORGE we have better in America . Papillon smile . George do too . maybe this will not be so bad . int . catacomb mushroom alley glow stick light the space to save flashlight . La taupe , now wear a kind of industrial mole mask that he 'il continue to wear , spin little flame ball on string to music . it 's kind of beautiful . souxie take something out of a small kit . she cross out of the room into the darkness of a tunnel by herself . Papillon drink beer and talk with scarlett and La taupe as Zed practice throw rock into a bucket . papillon you do not seem like a treasure hunter . scarlett I be not really . 48 . papillon then why search for this stone ? LA taupe it do not make any sense ! a rock that can turn other rock to gold and - and - can also make you live forever . do not make sense . scarlett Science be different back then . alchemist be look for a connection between what be inside they and what they be observe in the outside world . they be try to perfect themselves , make themselves pure as gold while work in metal . they respected inner truth more than outside fact . she turn back to Papillon . scarlett ( cont ’d ) I guess I be not search for treasure so much as I be search for proof of the miraculous . because if even one alchemist succeed , if one perfect himself and he own mind and talent and knowledge to the point that he could bend the law of physics ... then we all could . every one of we . Papillon shrug . maybe . papillon gold be good too . scarlett grab a couple beer and cross the room toward George . the camera turn to George , anxiously sit alone . scarlett approach George with a beer . scarlett you okay ? George shrug a bit . GEORGE not my favorite place . 49 . scarlett so I gather . she offer George a beer . he take it . scarlett ( cont ’d ) when 's the last time we have a beer together ? GEORGE it 's be awhile , have not it . scarlett you never return my call . after Turkey . GEORGE I know . scarlett I be sorry I leave you there . GEORGE I know . scarlett I be glad you be here . GEORGE ( reluctant ) yeah . I too . if you be right , this could be the great archaeological find ... ever . as big as find the Holy grail . scarlett I know . George look around the space . GEORGE I use to love explore cave with my brother as a kid . he be so dare and cool and older . he remember it all so vividly . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) a rock I be stand on dislodge and roll onto he leg , pin he . we try and try but could not get he out . I go to get help , but I get lose try to find my way back . 50 . this pain George terribly . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) by the time we find he , the tide have come in , and he be go . scarlett that 's awful . I be sorry . GEORGE yeah . it be . he shrug . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) it be not because you leave I there . scarlett what 's that ? GEORGE why I do not call you back . it be not because you leave I . scarlett it be not ? he look at she seriously . GEORGE I be afraid I be fall in love with someone so obsessed with the dead , there 's no room leave over to love the live . she take this in for a moment . not one to take criticism easily . scarlett and I never think I have fall for the kind of guy who run the second thing get complicated . she turn and go back to the fire with the other . GEORGE shit . camera power off . 51 . int . catacomb mushroom alley darkness . snore . sleep people rustling around . someone move in the space . ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba ! suddenly , the open chord of the White stripe , '' I think I smell a Rat '' rip through the darkness . everyone frantically search for a light . George be first to get he hand on a flashlight which he flip on and look for the source of the music . it 's La taupe in he industrial mole mask , blaring a stereo at they , '' say anything '' style . he dance to the music and laugh at they startle reaction . he turn off the music . LA taupe we go . La taupe turn and leave down a corridor , expect they to catch up . GEORGE ( under he breath ) asshole . the bleary - eye explorer hustle to pack up and follow . scarlett ( to Papillon ) this '' mole '' guy always so annoying ? Papillon shake he head . papillon he get worse . int . catacomb corridor - later La taupe wind they through corridor after corridor . he know he way around here like he own neighborhood . George try to talk with he . 52 . GEORGE Papillon tell I you pretty much live down here ? LA taupe down here there be no rule . no law . here I do whatever I want when I want it . GEORGE you do a lot of drug , do not you . LA taupe yes . George look around . GEORGE I can not imagine a place I would less want to eat mushroom . ( think ) maybe jail . it 's a toss up . int . bone tunnel - later La taupe stop in front of a corridor fill with human bone . LA taupe stay on top . parce que rat . papillon careful there be ... GEORGE yeah , we get it . La taupe scramble over the bone effortlessly . George go next , follow by scarlett , each crawl behind the next . LA taupe ( to George ) come closer . get close . George crawl over the bone , get closer behind La taupe , not sure why taupe be ask he to do so . La taupe rip a fart right into George 's face , and laugh . George look back to scarlett . 53 . GEORGE not sure why the french have such a reputation for be rude . I have always find they so pleasant . the camera move with scarlett as she climb across the bone . she be anxious as the bone creak underneath she . a swarm of rat make noise underneath . the tunnel get tighter and tighter as they go , to the point that scarlett be barely thin enough to fit through . benji get catch . benji I be stick . LA taupe fat tourist ! papillon ( to La taupe ) arret ! benji I can not move . scarlett struggle to turn back to benji . scarlett can you take off you pack ? benji I already do . benji struggle more and more against the space . scarlett you be make it worse ! stop struggle . take a breathe . benji ah ! the rat be nip at I . go! just go ! I need to get out of here ! scarlett benji stop ! stop ! you need to back up a bit . you be lodge and ... benji fuck ! I hate this . scarlett move back . just inch back . 54 . benji no! no! just ... scarlett benji ! the only way forward be backward ! inch back ! inch back ! benji okay , okay . he inch back . benji ( cont 'd ) there be people behind I too ! I just need to get out of here ! I do not like this . scarlett move you right shoulder down and inch back . benji move . scarlett ( cont ’d ) no , no , no , I be sorry . you leave shoulder . benji I be freaking out . I need to get out . scarlett keep breathe . just take a deep breath with I . benji no , I need ... scarlett take a deep breath ! scarlett take a deep breath and exhales . scarlett ( cont ’d ) you body expands when you blood pressure rise . you need to calm yourself . come on . she do it again . he join she this time . benji it 's not help . 55 . scarlett you be go to be okay . move you right shoulder down a inch . benji like this ? scarlett that 's right . now see if you can adjust the bone underneath you . flatten they out , line they up . benji I ... scarlett just do it . benji okay . his shaking hand arrange the bone . benji ( cont 'd ) ow ! a rat just bit I ! ah! fuck ! scarlett it 's okay . it 's okay , benji . you be go to be fine . just follow I . benji pull against the cave . it rumble slightly . benji it 's gonna collapse . scarlett just push ! push through it ! he do . and finally break free . int . bone chamber - later they all file out of the bone tunnel . LA taupe this be why we do not bring fat irish tourist to the catacomb . La taupe jab he finger into benji 's gut . 56 . LA taupe ( cont ’d ) this guy , this fat guy he do not belong here . fat guy , you should have take fat man hall . La taupe point to another hallway that lead to this same end point . they do not have to do this to benji . scarlett we do not even have to go through there ?! why be you make this harder than it have to be ?! LA taupe it 's more interesting this way . scarlett snap . she push he up against the wall . scarlett I do not care who you think you be , but the next time you take a chance with my people , I 'il hurt you . seriously . La taupe 's mouth , show under he mole mask , smile . LA taupe English girl have fire . he nod that he understand , amused by scarlett 's spunk . the ceiling dust they all a bit . souxie we should not stay very long . GEORGE be that bad ? they look to see a stone pillar that should be hold up the ceiling have fall . papillon that be bad . scarlett we be still not deep enough . we be only two hundred foot below ground . we need to go down another hundred . the ceiling dust they again . 57 . GEORGE I think we should move out of this area . it seem suspect to I . scarlett ( to La taupe ) we need to go deeper . he reluctantly nod . LA taupe come . int . corridor La taupe lead they into the next corridor . he shine he light around until he find some plank of wood on the ground . he pries they up , revealing a hole in the floor that go very deep . George look at it . GEORGE this be a bad idea , scarlett . scarlett Papillon , could you take George and anyone else back who want to go ? I be go deeper . papillon and let you keep all the treasure ? no , I be go with you . GEORGE ( to scarlett ) at what point will you stop ? scarlett when I find it . GEORGE and if there be no stone ? scarlett there be . and it 's down there . she nod to La taupe . LA taupe allez . 58 . int . chimney chute one after another , they descend deeper and deeper into the catacomb . they be all feel the tension of go this deep underground . George look up to the vast distance above he . GEORGE ( to La taupe ) how do you know we will all be able to get back up there ? LA taupe if we can not , we die . so we will . GEORGE not really the answer I be hope for . int . wet hallway - later they all wade through the muck 300 foot underground . spirit be sagging . benji how long have we be walk ? George look at he watch . GEORGE about 6 hour . benji can we stop to eat soon ? LA taupe hungry fat irish . benji Jesus , give it a rest ! at least I live in the real world ! this kind of animosity be settling over all of they . GEORGE ( sing ) just sit right back and you will hear a tale , a tale of a fateful trip , that start from this tropic port aboard this tiny ship . scarlett smile . join in . 59 . GEORGE and scarlett the mate be a mighty sailing man , the skipper brave and sure . five passenger set sail that day for a three hour tour ... benji jump in too . GEORGE , scarlett and benji a three hour tour . Papillon will not be outdone . he jump in on the next stanza in french , try to out - sing they with the french version of the song . GEORGE , sophie and BEN papillon the weather start get devenir commencée par temp rough , rugueuse , Le bateau minuscule the tiny ship be toss , a été jeté en l'air , sinon if not for the courage of the pour le courage de 1 ' équipage fearless crew courageux que le vairon the minnow would be lose , the serait détruit , le vairon minnow would be lose . soyez détruit . the other french speaker jump in too , everyone now sing at the top of they lung for language domination . GEORGE , sophie and BEN papillon , taupe , souxie , zed ( cont 'd ) La terre réglée de bateau sur the ship set ground on the le rivage de cette ile shore of this unchart inexplorée de désert avec desert isle gilligan with gilligan Le capitaine aussi , the skipper too , Le millionnaire et son the millionaire and he wife , épouse , the movie star La star de cinéma , le the professor and Mary Ann , professeur et Mary Ann , ici here on gilligan Isle . sur l'ile de gilligan . they all get so loud , they miss La taupe shouting to they . LA taupe arret ! arret ! they all stop . they have reach the end of the tunnel . nothing but a wall in front of they . scarlett reference she map . scarlett should be another ten foot that way . 60 . LA taupe there be no more . scarlett pick up a stone and tap on the wall . solid . she look around , think . scarlett there must be another way to get there . La taupe consult he own personal map of the system of cave . he shake he head . LA taupe there be no more . c’est fini . they all look for any sign of anything . but there be nothing there . papillon do this mean , no treasure ? scarlett I do not know . papillon ( bum ) dommage . I be excited to be rich . scarlett scan the surface for a sign , a inscription , anything . she think and think . she look at she map . mutter to herself , think through everything that 's lead they here , get more and more frustrated . scarlett there 's nothing . GEORGE sorry scarlett . scarlett I really think we have it right . GEORGE I know . he see how sad she be . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) for what it 's worth , I think we have it right too . 61 . papillon be we ready to go the other direction ? GEORGE scarlett . scarlett yeah ... scarlett look down at the compass on she wrist . a flash of insight ! scarlett ( cont ’d ) wait ! wait ! direction ! magnetic north ! GEORGE what ? scarlett magnetic north ! true north remain fix , but magnetic north shift about 2.5 degree per hundred year . GEORGE which by now would have produce asee scarlett variation of about 15 degree . not here . there ! a second small tunnel lead off the one they be in . they race into it . int . SMALL tunnel scarlett throw she pack down and scan the wall with she finger . she dig into the stone . see something . GEORGE oh my God . there 's something there ! scarlett I know ! she dig and dig . 62 . GEORGE do not wreck it . scarlett look ! GEORGE what be it ? LA taupe La taupe do not like the vulture . La taupe be right , on the wall be a SMALL inscription of a vulture . scarlett wing vulture ! she look to George . scarlett ( cont 'd ) what be it ?! '' wing vulture lead you way . '' GEORGE '' , .. with brightest light , in darkest day . '' she look at the vulture up close . scarlett '' wing vulture lead you way ... '' she follow the angle of the vulture 's beak across the wall until it hit a second wall . she dig around at the joint of the two wall . sure enough , there 's a crease ! scarlett ( cont ’d ) there 's something here ! George be there in a flash . scarlett ( cont ’d ) I think it 's a ptolemaic hinge ! it look like a scarab embed in the stone . she kneel down and find another one . GEORGE really ?! I have never see one before . 63. papillon what 's a ptolemaic hinge ? scarlett it 's how they seal pharaoh ' tomb in ancient Egypt . the hinge form a kind of riddle almost like a ancient padlock . there be a series of move you must get precisely correct . papillon or what ? scarlett or it ’1ll fall on you and crush you . or the ceiling would collapse , or something else awful that would probably kill you . GEORGE Jesus . she get ready to give it a shot . the cataphile cautiously back away , just in case . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) wait ! what be you do ?! give it the old college try ?! scarlett you have a better idea ? GEORGE yeah . go home . not get crush and die . she smile at he . scarlett okay , you do that , but I be go to take a shot . he hesitates for a moment . GEORGE against my better judgement , may I ask what you plan be ? she open she notebook ... scarlett what be the ... on the tomb ... 64 . GEORGE '' underneath heaven 's reign ... '' scarlett Heaven 's reign . the celestial sphere ! 8 planet . except Uranus be not discover yet . 7 planet . she get ready to pull the door . GEORGE wait ! be this build before or after copernicus ? scarlett good point . before . GEORGE so they still believe everything rotate around the Earth . scarlett which mean , the Earth be not count as a planet . GEORGE but the moon be . as be the sun . scarlett so eight ? GEORGE that 's my count . she slide the stone out to the seventh line . the ceiling rumble as the weight resettle . they look at it . seem okay . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) what 's next ? scarlett now we twist . GEORGE how far ? scarlett remember the inscription out loud . scarlett .-. '' atop this pair 'ed fate . '' 65 . GEORGE pair ... twin ? scarlett twin ! of course , Gemini ! accord to the egyptian calendar , Gemini would fall at three o'clock on a dial . ready ? George nod nervously . Papillon back up . she twist the stone and it spiral outward as it move . scarlett ( cont ’d ) okay ... okay ... Gemini . she stop . the ceiling rumble a bit again . Sand pour from beside the stone as the rumbling intensify . GEORGE I do not like this game . the stone slide toward they . scarlett back up ! La taupe run for the door . GEORGE what 's happen ? scarlett I do not know . the stone drop out of place and land on the floor with a thud , revealing : a SMALL tunnel about 30 feet long , barely wide enough for a person to squeeze through . La taupe quickly crowd in to look . scarlett shine a light into it , but it do not reveal much beyond a single rat scurrying out of sight . GEORGE no way I be crawl through that . benji ditto. 66 . scarlett this be probably the first time someone have shine a light in that space in over 500 year . LA taupe a new tunnel . papillon the treasure . scarlett give I a boost . Papillon place he knee so she can use it to climb through . scarlett climb into the hole . she barely squeeze through , but keep go and go and go . her breathe get labor as she pull she way through . from the door side of the hole , we see she clear the other end . she turn back to face the other . scarlett ( cont 'd ) George . you gotta see this . George think it over . GEORGE what be it ? scarlett George . seriously . come here . George really do not want to do this . GEORGE shit . he climb into the hole and struggle through it to join scarlett . int . rose chamber George come out the other side and roll out of the hole . he stand to find : a tomb , atop which be laid a corpse , clearly several century old , perfectly preserved . 67 . GEORGE hello ? scarlett he 's dead . GEORGE how be he not rotting ? scarlett I do not know . the headstone be mark '' c.r. of r.c . '' GEORGE c.r. of r.c. scarlett Christian rosenkreuz of the rosy Cross . GEORGE no ! the founder of the rosecrucian ?! Holy shit . ( catch he language , apologize to the corpse ) sorry . ( to scarlett ) his tomb be find by rosicrucian in the 1600s . along with the secret of ... scarlett ..- alchemy which reignite its interest for the next 200 year . George note another inscription . GEORGE '' vitriol . '' what 's that ? scarlett the motto of alchemy . it stand for : '' visita interiora terrae rectificando inveny occultum lapidem . '' GEORGE ( translate ) '' visit the Interior part of the Earth ; by rectification thou shalt find the Hidden Stone . '' the other have be filing in . 68. papillon be he dead ? GEORGE yes . for 700 year . papillon creepy . the middle of the chamber be fill with water , make it echo creepily in the space . scarlett there 's more . '' visit the interior part of the earth . '' he 's say to go deeper . GEORGE we be kind of interior already , do not you think ? scarlett what be the ... '' wing vulture lead you way . in brightest light in darkest day . '' scarlett see something in the water . look closer . she turn off she flashlight . scarlett ( cont 'd ) turn off you flashlight . everyone ! benji with a dead body in here ? no way . scarlett just do it . they all do so , benji have the hardest time submit to darkness . but as benji click off the onboard light , submerging the group in total darkness , we see what scarlett see : trace of light deep in the water . scarlett ( cont ’d ) where 's that light come from if that 's a wall ? Papillon flip he flashlight on , poke at the wall . scarlett drop herself down into the water . 69 . the camera travel with scarlett under the water as she hand poke at the stone deep in the water . she rise back up , now soaking wet . scarlett ( cont ’d ) there 's a loose stone . someone help I . Papillon jump in with she . the two drop into the water . again the camera drop in with they as they pull against a large stone . they dislodge it and pull it away from the wall , revealing more light . scarlett just come up long enough to take a breath , and rip she backpack off . she then dive back down into the murky brown water , push herself through the open and swim into a brighter light . she clear the wall and pull herself up on the other side . int . alchemist chamber - continuous as she rise up , it be obvious that this be the place they 've be searching for . scarlett ooh ! there be light torch on the wall . gold all around they . the floor , wall and ceiling be line in alchemical symbol and ancient egyptian symbology . eerie and magical at the same time . scarlett laugh , still not believe she eye . scarlett ( cont ’d ) I find it , dad . you be right . George come up out of the water . he see what she do . GEORGE oh my God . scarlett yeah . she can not help but get choke up . GEORGE it 's real . 70 . scarlett it 's real . George take a seat . GEORGE I think we be gonna need a bigger bag . La taupe rise out of the water . LA taupe mon dieu . he take a gold coin . shove it in he pocket . and another and another . papillon I be quit my job !!! there be a big pile of coin that seem wedge between the floor and ceiling . La taupe pull at they , try to dislodge they . souxie and Zed appear , and also pocket coin . GEORGE how be this torch light ? scarlett the philosopher 's Stone can fuel a lamp for eternity . GEORGE so where be it ? the stone . scarlett '' the brightest light in darkest day . '' GEORGE the sun . she smile . she point at a ancient - egyptian - inspire painting of a male god stretch across the floor of the chamber . scarlett in ancient Egypt , the earth god and the sky goddess ... she point to the ceiling , where a goddess , line with star hang . 71 . scarlett ( cont ’d ) «+. be madly in love . but when they have they first child , the sun , he become so jealous of they affection that he push they apart from each other , leave they only able to touch by the palm of they hand and the sole of they foot . she point now to a winge stone paint between the two god . scarlett ( cont 'd ) every morning the sky give birth to the sun and every evening she swallow he back up . she take out a knife and make she way to the winge stone . with all the opulence surround they , this one chalky purple stone would hardly be worth note . GEORGE that 's it ? it look so ordinary . scarlett smile . scarlett what better place to hide the most valuable stone ever know , than beside rich you could never miss . Papillon and La taupe furiously bag pile of coin and other treasure . scarlett use she knife to edge the stone out of its place , and carefully place it in a cloth satchel she bring specifically for this . scarlett ( cont 'd ) you would not believe the trouble I go through to find you . she tuck the stone into a waterproof pocket . scarlett ( cont ’d ) okay , let 's get out of here . they turn around . La taupe and Papillon pull furiously at a mound of coin wedge so tightly between floor and ceiling , it take two of they to pull the coin free . 72 . scarlett ( cont ’d ) wait ! be that ... she look at the ceiling . scarlett ( cont ’d ) load bear ?!! as the coin break free , the ceiling crack . chunks drop all around they . LA taupe run ! they all struggle get up and run like mad as the ceiling crumble over they . boom ! a huge echoing crash as the ceiling drop . they race away from it , barely escape be crush under its weight . Brown dust completely envelop they , blotting out all the light in the room . nothing but darkness . it 's suddenly very quiet , still . some cough and struggle . someone be cry , in pain . scarlett 's voice be the first to pierce the darkness . scarlett ( 0.c . ) be everyone okay ? GEORGE ( 0.c . ) yeah . I think I be okay . zed ( 0.c. ) oui. LA taupe ( 0.c. ) I be . pause . scarlett Papillon ? souxie ? nothing . GEORGE Papillon ?! souxie ?! as the dust begin to settle , trace of they head lamp poke through the darkness . 73 . the sound of whimper , muffle . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) I hear someone ! the air clear a bit more . a hand stick out of the rubble . George be on it in a second , pull stone off and toss they aside . souxie break through the rubble . cough . in pain . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) be you okay ? souxie Papillon ! George pull she out of the rubble . she 's bang up and bruise , have a nasty cut on she arm , but she 's okay . scarlett Papillon , if you be goof around ... nothing . scarlett sift back into the rubble . no sign of Papillon . Zed drop under the water and look . nothing . GEORGE Jesus . Papillon ?! nothing . George turn on La taupe . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) you asshole ! you could have kill we all ! George go after taupe , but scarlett and Zed intervene . scarlett stop ! we should not disrupt the space any more than we already have . souxie be Papillon ... dead ? LA taupe we be all dead ! that be the only way out ! 74 . he 's right . they be all enclose in a small room with no exit . souxie ay ! souxie 's arm be hurt she . GEORGE where 's the first aid kit ? we need to clean up that cut . they all look around . LA taupe the pack be bury . GEORGE Water ? food ? they all look at each other . nothing . scarlett spare battery ? nope . LA taupe once the headlamps go out ... GEORGE let 's start conserve . George turn he off , drop the light of the space down considerably . benji do the same . George poke around at the rubble , look for a way out . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) maybe we could dig we way out . LA taupe with what ? you hand ? scarlett he 's right . this chamber be create by master builder . if they want to trap the unworthy , we be trap . GEORGE so what , we just sit here and wait for the air to run out ?! ( more ) 75 . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) we be all just cool hang out wait to die ?! George look around the room . they be all try to wrap they head around the situation . terrify . scarlett look closer at the structure around they . scarlett that lamp be Freemason by design . GEORGE so ? scarlett freemason never build something like this without a back door , just in case it collapse on they . she keep inspect they surroundings . she take a rock and tap on the wall , listen for something that sound hollow . nothing . the floor and the ceiling seem to be paint and inscribe the same exact way , almost as if there be a mirror run the length of the floor . scarlett ( cont ’d ) '' as above , so below . '' that phrase be the key to all magic . she continue to search for something that do not fit while continue she think . scarlett ( cont 'd ) it mean , basically , what be within I be outside of I . what be on earth be in heaven . as I be , so be my cell , so be my atom . basically , what I believe the world to be , so it be . she see something . scarlett ( cont ’d ) look . she point to a rectangle inscribe on the ceiling that 's cover in alchemical symbol . GEORGE what be it ? scarlett the porta alchemica . the door to the mystical . GEORGE so it 's a door ?! George grab a rock and get ready to chisel at it . scarlett no! look . that symbol of the door on the ceiling be the only thing not replicate on the floor . 76 . scarlett shine the light from the rectangle on the ceiling down to the floor directly beneath it . GEORGE so? scarlett '' bs above , so below . '' GEORGE so if ... scarlett if they paint a door on the ceiling ... GEORGE then there would be a door on the floor too . LA taupe there be nothing below we . this be the bottom of the catacomb . scarlett take the rock from George . she kneel down in the water in the gutter at the bottom of the chamber . she hit it with the rock . Hit it again . and again . crack . she look around at the other as the water drain out of the bottom . GEORGE ( to La taupe ) that water must be go somewhere . scarlett double she effort , hit the shit out of the rock until . crack ! 77 . the floor of the gutter beneath she give . she rush away from it as the stone beneath she foot give way and disappear off into nothingness . LA taupe this be not catacomb . look at the edge . this be not make by man . who know where this could lead . scarlett whatever it be , it 's a possible way out . GEORGE oh , go deeper . scarlett pick a rope and lower herself down into the chute . the descent be eerie , dark . they watch as she go . and go . and go . scarlett stop . she take a flashlight and shine it around , look at what 's in front of she . scarlett there 's a passage down here ! int . the gate - continuous scarlett place she foot on the ground and look up to find : a very small open with a large stone arch over it . it look ancient . very , very ancient . the other file in behind she . something about this space make they all feel uneasy . scarlett note the ancient inscription on the arch . scarlett can you read that ? what do it say ? George dust it off to get a better look . read it quietly to himself , think through the meaning . GEORGE '' abandon all hope , ye who enter here . '' scarlett understand . 78 . scarlett oh . LA taupe what . scarlett accord to mythology , that 's the inscription over the gate of hell . LA taupe I be not go in there . scarlett ( to La taupe ) I think you do not believe in any of this . LA taupe I do not . La taupe be deeply unnerve by the idea of crossing this threshold , but there truly be no other choice . the entrance be so small , so low to the ground that they 's 1ll have to slide through it one at a time . scarlett note it . scarlett '' and they shall be make to crawl on they belly into the kingdom of darkness . '' GEORGE yeah . that occur to I too . LA taupe I do not like this . they prepare themselves to cross through . scarlett go for it . she slide she pack through and follow closely behind it . int . alchemist chamber 2 scarlett stand up in the next room to find : it 's exactly the same as the alchemist chamber that collapsed on they . same artwork on the ceiling . same gold . same miss philosopher 's Stone . though this room be still intact . 79 . it sound a bit different this side of the threshold . like a faint throbbing drine in the background . George stand up behind scarlett , look around . GEORGE whoa . she look at he . scarlett yeah . LA taupe it 's exactly the same . scarlett point at one of the paint god on the wall . scarlett not exactly . they be face the other direction . she 's right . this room look like the mirror image of the earlier alchemist chamber that collapse on they . La taupe turn back , consider he option . he drop to he knee , and dig around furiously look for something . they follow he eye to find what 's freaking he out - the SMALL entrance they crawled through seem to have disappeared ! LA taupe what happen to the entrance ? the SMALL entrance be gone . there be no retreat . La taupe stand and look at they , very seriously . LA taupe ( cont ’d ) be we dead ? they all contemplate this for a moment . scarlett no . scarlett see the fear rise in she group . scarlett ( cont 'd ) we should keep move . she take a deep breath and lunge underwater , push she way under the rock to the other side . 80 . int . rose chamber 2 scarlett come up on the other side . a mirror image of the rise chamber . the same tomb . this time with a rotten corpse atop it . scarlett look around nervously . the other join she , one at a time . George look past scarlett . GEORGE ( call out ) hello ? she spin to find . a figure stand at the far end of the room . in the dark , it 's hard to see more than a faint shape . George 's voice echoe through the long chamber . no reaction . nothing . they all look at each other , not sure what to do . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) can you hear I ? nothing . the figure move a little , mutter quietly to himself - like a man possess . LA taupe ( quiet ) maybe he know a way out . ( call out ) do you know a way out ? nothing . the figure just keep mutter to himself . scarlett take a step toward he . and another . GEORGE what be you do ? scarlett we have to pass he . she 's right . the hole that lead beyond be just behind the figure . 81. they inch forward . figure wrrrgaaaahhh ! they all freeze as the figure move , repetitious , erratic , like someone with severe mental illness . the figure take another step forward , step into the light : revealing papillon ! souxie Papillon ?! nothing . no reaction . souxie move to the front of the pack . Old friend with Papillon . souxie ( cont 'd ) Papillon . et -tu bien ? no reaction . GEORGE how have you get here ? nothing . souxie move closer . they all follow she . scarlett careful , souxie . souxie get closer . souxie et-tu bien , Papillon ? as they get closer , they can hear piece of what he 's mutter . he do not seem to see any of they . souxie ( cont 'd ) Papillon . she inch closer and closer . she reach out to touch he shoulder . souxie ( cont 'd ) pap ... 82. boom ! in a flash , papillon viciously attack souxie , crashing her right through the camera ( which fall into the water , frame the rest of the incident from a odd angle ) and slamming her head against the floor , over and over , screeching ferociously . everyone rush to souxie 's defense , fight to rip Papillon off she . papillon fall away into the darkness . benji pick the camera up off the floor and spin it to try to cast light on Papillon . GEORGE over there ! nothing . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) where have he go ? benji ( 0.c . ) what the fuck ?! scarlett tend to souxie , who be unconscious and bleed from the face and mouth . scarlett we need to get she out of here ! we need to get she help ! LA taupe Papillon ?! everyone be shake up . scarlett grab she leg ! GEORGE okay . okay . La taupe lose he mask in the struggle , revealing terrible burn scar on half he face . he help George and scarlett lift souxie . they rush she to the small open at the end of the chamber , exactly the same as the one behind the ptolemaic hinge door . scarlett give I the rope . 83. Zed grab the rope and hand it to scarlett . scarlett ( cont ’d ) tie she foot and lift she into the hole once I get through . scarlett squeeze through , nothing but she foot visible to the other . int . SMALL tunnel 2 it 's tight in the tunnel with scarlett . her breathe labor and nervous . as she near the end , she hear something in the next room . she stop . listen . what be it ? someone 's voice ? she 's scared , but this be not the place to stop . she climb forward . she approach the end of the hole very slowly , worried about what she might find in the next room . she suddenly push she way out . int . wet hallway 2 splash ! she fall out the other side into the water . she jump to she foot , and scan the room look for anyone who might be in there . she do not see anyone . she look at she arm . blood ? she dip she hand in the water , look at it . Dark red . she look around the room again . scarlett okay . send souxie . GEORGE I be come first . so I can help pull . George climb through . he drop into the water beside scarlett . he too note the '' water . '' GEORGE ( cont 'd ) be this blood ? 84 . scarlett I do not know . George taste the liquid off he finger . GEORGE it taste like blood . I think ... scarlett ( very serious ) let 's just keep go . GEORGE yeah . George and scarlett pull souxie through the tunnel while keep a eye behind themselves , just in case . int . wet hallway 2 - soon after they all rush onward , stick close together , on edge . they arrive at a hole in the ground . much like the one they descend earlier . int . chimney chute top 2 GEORGE great . everything be the mirror image of what we have already do , but somehow it keep go deeper . benji how deep will this take we ? Zed finish lowering he rope . he do the math in he head . zed another 100 meter . GEORGE make it ... 1000 foot beneath the earth 's surface . that 's pretty deep . zed deeper than the eiffel Tower be high . GEORGE yeah , I get it . 85 . int . chimney chute bottom 2 scarlett and George get to the bottom . look leave to find the bone chamber . scarlett step back into the chimney and help spot the lowering of souxie . only benji remain above . faint voice ( 0.c. ) scarlett ? scarlett do you hear that ? GEORGE what ? faint voice ( 0.c. ) scarlett ? GEORGE be that benji ? scarlett ( shake ) I do not think so . scarlett step into the chimney . call to benji . scarlett ( cont ’d ) you okay up there benji ? int . chimney chute top 2 benji kneel , alone up top , tense , lowering souxie down . the camera sit on the ground beside he , cropping he strangely . be something move in the shadow behind he ? he hear a faint cry . a baby ? he use the camera 's onboard light to look around . nothing . he lower souxie down a little further . scarlett call up to he . scarlett ( 0.c . ) you okay ? he hear something . be someone lurking in the shadow ? benji be someone up here ? 86 . nothing . scarlett ( 0.c. ) benji ? you okay ? he hear else . look . nothing . he call down to scarlett . benji yeah . he hear something directly behind he and spin to find : a woman in a bloody nightgown holding a dead infant . her face be contorted , savage , insane . benji ( cont 'd ) aah ! benji jump away from she , drop the line and slip on the edge of the chute . int . chimney chute bottom 2 souxie drop the last ten foot , landing with a thud . scarlett oh ! benji , you just ... boom ! they all spin to find benji behind they , dead from a fall down the chimney chute . they look up the chimney chute . be someone look down at they ? George check benji 's vital . shake he head . Dead . GEORGE what just happen ?! scarlett I do not know . scarlett bend down and stroke benji 's hair tenderly . scarlett ( cont ’d ) I be so sorry , benji . zed we should keep move . George snap to . 87 . GEORGE Hand I the camera . we might need the onboard light . Zed grab it , hand it to George . int . bone chamber 2 they shuffle over the bone in the chamber as fast as they can , each struggle against the fear of get trap here . George see something under the bone . he shine a light into it to get a better look . underneath the bone be a gutter full of water , in which a young man , struggle to get to the surface of the water to breathe . GEORGE Danny ! Danny ! the Young man push against the bone , but George 's weight on top of they make it impossible for the Young man to breathe . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) get off the bone ! he 's drown down there ! everyone get off the bone ! the Young man seem to keep pace with George as he desperately try to get out of the way . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) no ! no ! this be tapping a deep nerve in George . he get to the end of the bone chamber and check back to find the Young man go . George cover he mouth and take a few beat . scarlett approach he . GEORGE ( cont 'd ) it be so real . scarlett you okay ? GEORGE why ... why would ... he be here ? 88 . scarlett it 's not he . I think this place know we pain and be use it against we . in the distance , someone scream mercilessly - and not the kind of scream you hear in movie , the kind you hear in a er at 4 in the morning . they all move very close together , get more and more unnerve . int . corridor 2 the scream become more and more present as the gang approach . seem like it 's come from mushroom alley . the light in the corridor look different too . as if light by firelight . they turn the corner to find : int . mushroom alley 2 a car , in flame in the middle of mushroom alley , a SMALL family inside the car , scream mercilessly , reaching for LA taupe . LA taupe no ! no ! La taupe obviously know what this be . _la taupe ( cont 'd ) no ! ce n'etait pas mon defaut ! ce n'etait pas mon defaut ! La taupe race to the car , try to help the people . scarlett and George try to pull he away . boom ! in a flash , the burning man catch hold of one of La taupe 's leg . La taupe struggle against the man , lose he shoe , sock , pants in the struggle . LA taupe ( cont ’d ) help I ! help I ! George and scarlett grab La taupe 's arm and try to pull he free , but it 's no use . 89 . crack ! the ground beneath the car seem to be crack . the burning car collapse into the ground as the burning man grab LA taupe by the hair . the ground swallow up the burn car and La taupe , but the ground close at La taupe 's knee , leave La taupe 's lower leg stick out of the ground , flail in pain as the sound of he singeing flesh and agonize scream below . everyone rush to he side , try in vain to pull he back out of the ground . his flesh burn they to the touch . George nudge scarlett , point . a figure hover in the shadow at the edge of the corridor they come from . they hurry through the room , to the next hallway . scarlett hear something . scarlett Music . sure enough . they hear music in the next room . similar to the electronic music the raver play earlier . zed they might know a way out . scarlett lead George and Zed ( who still carry souxie ) into the music to find : int . cataphile rave 2 the cataphile party , but it 's very different now . through the strobing light , the raver seem to scream inaudibly , writhe in pain , while brutally devouring each other . the music be different too . it 's full of cattle scream , grind cacophonous noise , awful . we gang turn off all light and hustle through the hellish sight as fast as they can . suddenly , the onboard light on the camera flip on , illuminating the raver and they be all fucked up ! eye bleeding , mouth scream . horrific . the camera shake . George spin around to find a raver desperately try to take refuge behind he . George push away from the raver , as another one grab he . 90 . George hit he with the lens of the camera , but the raver keep come . in the struggle , George lose he grip on souxie . the raver suddenly swarm souxie , ripping her to piece in second , devouring her ravenously . George jump back from the mayhem , but lose he foot . a raver drop onto George , try viciously to rip into he . George fight like mad to keep the raver at bay , and even get back to he foot as : another raver rip a huge bite out of GEORGE 's neck , shoot blood into the air . George drop to he knee , bleed uncontrollably . scarlett and Zed grab George 's arm and pull he into the next room . in the confusion , benji 's camera strap have twisted around George 's arm . the camera slide with they as he 's pull into the next room . int . catacomb cinema 2 the cinema 's screen now show a '' remix '' version of the 1922 silent film '' haxan - witchcraft through the Ages . '' it 's bizarre , upsetting , creepy . scarlett try desperately to stop George 's bleed neck . scarlett no ! no ! nothing be work . scarlett ( cont ’d ) ( to Zed ) come here ! put you hand here ! keep pressure ! she rip into she bag . pull out the philosopher 's Stone . she crumble some of it off , rub it into he wound . watch . nothing . scarlett ( cont ’d ) it do not work ?! George mutter something . she she she she Zed she she gl . scarlett ( cont ’d ) what ? what be that ? GEORGE ( barely audible ) '' vitriol . '' scarlett vitriol ? get it . scarlett ( cont 'd ) '' visit the Interior part of the Earth ; by rectification thou shalt find the Hidden Stone . " look at George . scarlett ( cont 'd ) this be not the right stone . I have to rectify the take of it . only through put it back will I find the real hide stone . stand , look around the dark , creepy chamber . scarlett ( cont ’d ) oh fuck . contemplate it . scarlett ( cont ’d ) I be go back . think he 's surely not understanding this right . zed we must keep move forward . scarlett we be more than half a mile underground . by the time you and I lift he out of here , he 'il be dead . look over she gear , prepare herself . scarlett ( cont ’d ) and I be not go to let that happen . run back toward the rave room . 92 . note : the follow sequence of scarlett on she own will be film only by the gopro camera on she head . we will see she arm and leg , hear she vocal and breathe reaction , but will not see she face . instead , we will experience the follow as she do . int . cataphile rave 2 scarlett rush into the room . the same music , the same light . but this time there 's only one person there , dance alone amongst all the devoure flesh . wearing a bull mask . the bull mask move , but do not seem to be look directly at she . she race to the next room . int . mushroom alley 2 scarlett race through mushroom alley , nothing leave but a small smoulder hole where La taupe be swallow up . int . corridor 2 a figure at the other end of the corridor stop scarlett in she track . do not look like Papillon . older , heavier . a voice behind she . voice scarlett ?! she spin around to find : her father right behind her ! but something 's wrong with he . his leg be like tree trunk grow into the floor . his arm like brittle twig with blood drip off they . she jump away from the sight ... scarlett dad ?! and bump into something behind she . she spin to find : her father there too ! her bump he have break off one of he twig , cause he to howl in pain . scarletta father no ! what have you do ?! 93 . scarlett what do you ... she back away from the sight , again bump into something behind she . her father be there too . scarletta father you look just like my daughter . scarlett it be I dad . scarletta father no ! you be not she ! she would never come here ! scarlett bump something else , turn , she father be there too . scarletta father ( cont ’d ) she would know . if she ever come here , there would be no way out . she have be trap here . forever ! she run from the room , choke back sob . int . bone chamber 2 as she cross the threshold into the next room , she bump into she father here too . scarletta father forever ! forever ! forever ! forever ! his voice take on a shrill screeching quality . like a bad dream in which a love one suddenly seem possess . she keep move , but this place be really take a toll on she . scarlett shuttle over the bone in the bone tunnel . again , she see she Father , in this room too . the multiple voice of she Father double , tripling , into a cacophony of agony . scarletta father ( cont ’d ) ever ! ever ! ever ! she clear the bone , and rush into the next alcove near the chimney chute , sobbing as she goe . this be the loneliest moment of she life . 94 . int . chimney chute 2 her father continue to squall in the background as she make she way to the chimney chute . she can not reach the open well enough to get foot . she kick off she shoe to get better traction , take a run start , jump up and grab hold of the rock wall . she struggle to make she way up the first couple foot . as she get some height in the chimney chute without rope to protect she , one false move would send she plummete to she death . her foot slip and she almost drop . she take a couple deep breath . scarlett you can do this . do not think . just keep go . int . chimney chute 2 - later scarlett get to the top of the chimney chute , but get out of the circular hole be not easy . she have to carefully position herself as she inch herself to solid ground beside the hole . int . wet hallway 2 she rush through the bloody water as fast as she can , try to make up for lose time in the chimney chute . a arm reach up from under the water and grab her leg . she jump at the feel and pull against it . another arm . another . arm reach up and grab she from every direction , pull she under the bloody water . int . bloody pool scarlett fight against the arm pull she every which way . she plant a foot on a stone ledge and push with all she might . int . wet hallway 2 scarlett break through , now cover head to toe in blood . she rip she way free of the grab arm . 95 . she catch she breath , overwhelm , freak out . int . SMALL tunnel 2 scarlett rush through the small tight tunnel lead to the Rose chamber . int . rose chamber 2 scarlett land in the Rose tunnel , look around , all safe . she hurry through . scarlett ow ! she look down at she foot , illuminate : head buried up to there nose in stone , there eye horrified , watching her ! other head have nothing but they mouth show and they try to bite anything pass . she do she best to avoid the face , but sustain a series of bite on the way , draw blood . she dive into the water at the end to swim back into the alchemy chamber . int . alchemist chamber 2 scarlett enter the alchemist chamber . what once look so opulent and breathtaking in its beauty , now look evil , depress , lonely . scarlett '' by rectification thou shalt find the Hidden Stone . " she pull the rock out as she scour the egyptian image , look for the eye of ra she originally take the stone from . she find the eye . lift the stone . too high . she slide a rock into place and stand on it . she lift the stone toward the eye of ra . it click right into place . a perfect fit . scarlett ( cont 'd ) okay , I have rectify . now , where 's ... 96 . the stone in its place , she drop she eye , to find a mirror right in front of she face . scarlett ( cont ’d ) -.. the hide stone . thought play across she face . she understand something she have not before . int . catacomb cinema 2 George and Zed in the cinema . a group of 5 figure enter from the far end of the room . Zed quickly flip the camera 's onboard light off , drop the room into near darkness , except for the project image from the silent movie . the figure move as if in slow motion , irregular , silent . they flow like wave , together in irregular burst , as if one organism in 5 body . zed ( quiet ) shhh . George desperately try to keep quiet despite he neck wound . int . rose chamber 2 scarlett race through the rise chamber where the rotting corpse 's body have be restore to it 's un - decaye state . int . catacomb cinema 2 George and Zed hide . the figure seem not to have notice they . the camera lie right behind Zed and George just catch a piece of the pass figure , which make the anticipation almost unbearable . the figure stop as they get close . one of they slowly turn he head , look right at zed and GEORGE . 97 . int . chimney chute 2 scarlett plant she foot and descend the chimney chute as fast as she can . she be focus , drive . she hit the ground at the bottom and run for the bone chamber . int . catacomb cinema the figure move closer and closer - still in they bizarre slow motion - to George and Zed . GEORGE ( quiet , to Zed ) go. Zed think about it for a moment . zed no . right as the figure be about to grab onto they , Zed grab George under the arm and pull he furiously toward the next room . the figure stop . one turn he head to look at they . they pivot , and keep follow , in slightly quick motion . the figure move slowly but consistently toward Zed and George . Zed pull George as fast and vigorously as he can , but this figure be gain on he . scarlett sprint right around the figure as Zed pull George into the adjacent corridor . as scarlett pass they , one of the figure reach out in fast motion , try to grab she , but she dodge he just in time . int . corridor 2 scarlett grab George 's other arm and help Zed create a little distance from the figure . int . catacomb cinema 2 scarlett race to George 's side . he 's unconscious . in bad shape . zed do you find the stone ? 98 . scarlett yes . scarlett stop in the middle of the corridor . Zed drop the camera to the ground beside they , flip the light on so scarlett can see . the scene be frame irregularly , scarlett and George 's head cropped strangely . she place her hand over georgeas wound . kiss he deeply . he come to , cough up blood . she move she hand away from he wound to find he wound go . zed how do you do that ?! scarlett I be the stone . as be you . as we all be . as above , so below . the figure be get closer and closer . zed scarlett ! she look , see they come nearer and nearer . George regains consciousness . he touch he wound to find himself heal . scarlett and Zed help George to he foot . the three of they run from the room as the figure approach . int . artist alcove 2 they race into the artist alcove . the camera 's onboard light ( they last remain light ) fritzes out , then come back on . they look around the room to find it a dead end . there be , however , a large hole in the middle of the floor . GEORGE Dead end ! scarlett no ! Zed look to the hole . he take a rock and drop it into the hole . it go and go and go , seemingly never hit the ground . 99 . zed we will never be able to climb down that . the onboard camera light go out . scarlett no ! no ! we be so close ! GEORGE there be painting on the wall . do you see they ? scarlett no . I be look for a exit . zed I have match . scarlett you do ? Zed dig through he pocket . count they . zed Three . scarlett Light one . Zed light one . it flash and go out revealing the figure now in the room , approaching . scarlett ( cont ’d ) I could not see it ! Light another one ! GEORGE do not let it go out so fast . Zed light another match . scarlett scan the room for anything that could give a clue . the figure be get closer ! she see egyptian hieroglyphic painting on one wall as the match go out . the match go out . scarlett I find something . I do not have a chance to really see it though . Light the next one ! hurry ! zed this be the last one . 100 . scarlett I know ! go ! he light the match . this time she get a quick look at the painting . the painting show the ancient egyptian demon , ammut - part lion , hippopotamus and crocodile - the '' soul eater . '' behind he look like one part of a scale , with a feather on it . a paint beam from that scale rise up to the ceiling , and across above they , and seem to end right over the hole . the match go out . scarlett ( cont ’d ) ( very quickly ) the '' soul eater . '' in egyptian mythology , after you die , you go to the underworld where you heart be weigh against a feather . if you heart weight more than a feather , the soul eater , would eat you heart and you be condemn to nothingness . the camera flicker for a moment . she use the light to make she way to the hole . scarlett ( cont ’d ) we need to make we soul lighter than a feather . and then we jump . GEORGE we what ?! the camera flicker , the figure be now very close . scarlett what be the thing that weigh you soul down ? the thing you have never tell anyone ?! she go first . scarlett ( cont ’d ) the night my dad kill himself . he call I and I do not answer . the pain of this tap a real nerve in she . 101 . scarlett ( cont 'd ) I be not do anything important . I just do not feel like talk to he . when I think of what he must have be feel ... George take she hand . GEORGE when I go to get help for my brother , I panicked and forget to remember how to get back to he . and he die because of it . scarlett nod gently to he . they look to Zed . zed I be in a car that run a man over . I never report it . scarlett take Zed 's hand too . the camera light flicker . the figure be right there , second away . scarlett on three . GEORGE this be not go to work . scarlett you do not have to believe in it , George . but if you take the jump , it 'il work . he nod . the three of they join hand . scarlett ( cont ’d ) one ... two ... three ! they step into the abyss together and fall . int . abyss - continuous the camera rattles around , bang off the wall as they fall , scream through the nothingness . it just seem to go on and on . falling and fall . 102 . int . catacomb entrance area boom ! they hit a rock wall , and fall to the ground beside the hole . they look around to find painting and graffiti like that find near the surface . George smile . GEORGE we be not dead . zed it work ?! there , above they be a ladder lead up to a manhole cover on the surface . they scurry up the ladder , excited by the idea of get out of this place , open the manhole cover slowly to find : ext . parisian STREET - night Paris . scarlett and George and Zed step out onto the parisian city street , surround by cafe and reveler , party and celebrate life . scarlett it work . the three of they embrace . GEORGE see ya around , Zed . Zed watch on as George and scarlett walk off into the parisian night , hold each other close , surround by Parisians blissfully unaware of the hell that lie beneath they foot . fade out :