as good as it getsa good as it get by mard andrus and James L. brook Story by Mark andrus fade in : int . apartment build ( new york ) , hallway - night angle on apartment doorway . as it open and a enormously sweet - face , elder woman step out , bungle up against the cold -- turn back to call inside to the unseen love of she long life . sweet -face woman I be just go to get some flower , dear . I will be back in twenty minute . it 's tulip season today . I be so happy . and now she turn and face the hallway ... she sweetness dissolves in a flash ... replace by repulsion and that quickly she have reverse herself and re-enter she apartment ... close the door as we consider she vacate . Pov - melvin udall in the hallway ... well past 50 ... unlike , unlove , unsettle . a huge pain in the ass to everyone he 's ever meet . right now all he considerable talent and strength be totally focus on seduce a tiny dog into the elevator door he hold open . melvin come here , sweetheart ... come on . on dog sniff at a particular spot on the hall carpete . melvin let the elevator door close and advance on the mutt who have ignore he . melvin wanna go for a ride ? okay , sweetie ? the dog lift he leg at the precise moment melvin lunge and pick he up with a decisive heft -- so that dog urine squirt the hall wall for a second or two . the dog sense a kindre spirit start to growl and bark . melvin ( a malevolent tone ) you have piss you last floor , you dog -ear monkey . the dog take a snap at melvin , but the man be much meaner and quick than the dog -- he hold he snout shut with he hand and reach for the door of the garbage chute . melvin I will bet you wish you be some sort of real dog now , huh ? do not worry ... this be New York . if you can make it here , you can make it anywhere , you know ? you ugly , smelly fuck . and with that , he stuff he in the garbage chute and let go . we hear a fading series of pleading " anoooos " from the dog fade to nothingness ... as another apartment door open emit the loud sound of a party and simon NYE , early 30 . Simon have be bear and raise with gothic horror and it 's strange that what that stew of trauma have produce be a gift , decent man . int . apartment build ( new york ) , hallway - night frantic ... he bolt into the hall ... melvin be just about to enter he apartment . simon verdell !?!! here , good doggie ... he notice melvin at the far end of the hall . simon Mr. udall ... excuse I . hey there ! ( as melvin turn ) have you see verdell ? melvin what 's he look like ? melvin start to walk back to he apartment door which be directly opposite simon' . simon my dog ... you know ... I mean my little dog with the adorable face ... do not you know what my dog look like ? melvin I get it . you be talk about you dog . I think that be the name of the color man I have be see in the hall . Simon look o.s. -- and see he black friend . simon which color be that ? melvin like thick molass , with one of that wide nose perfect for smell trouble and prison food ... Simon have have it . simon Frank sach -- melvin udall . melvin ( not miss a beat ) how're you do ? simon franks show my work , Mr. udall . I think you know that . frank ( overlap ) Simon , you have get to get dress . melvin ( to Simon ) what I know be that as long as you keep you work zipped up around I , I do not give a fuck what or where you shove you show . be we be neighbor for now ? simon ( to Frank ) do you still think I be exaggerate ? frank can only smile . frank definitely a package you do not want to open or touch . melvin hope you find he . I love that dog . Simon , terminally non-confrontational , still find himself compel to turn back toward melvin . simon ( directly ) you do not love anything , Mr. udall . Simon close he door leave melvin alone in the hallway . melvin I love throw you dog down the garbage chute . int . melvine apartment , bathroom - night melvin lock and unlock and lock he door , count to five with each lock . he turn the light quickly on and off and on five time and make a straight - line towards he bathroom where he turn on the hot water and open the medicine chest . int . medicine chest score of neatly stack neutrogena soap . he unwrap one -- begin to wash -- discard it -- go through the process two more time . int . simon' apartment , entrance hall - night a group of party goer enter -- follow by a handyman hold verdell who look and find : simon who look up -- light up -- and tear up as he move quickly toward the group and he dog . simon thank the good Lord ... wow ... my honey ... where have you be ? party goer ( think the greeting 's for he ) he always like I . as Simon go past he to take the dog from the handyman ... jackie , Frank 's junior partner , bark a laugh at the Party goer -- verdell barking some love . as the other greet Simon , Jackie direct the group inside . Jackie linger , look on affectionately as Simon pick some awful , sticky gunk from the dog 's body ... he put verdell down to reach for he wallet -- the tiny dog yap in protest . simon just for a second , okay ? the dog yap " no . " Simon , delighted , pick he up again . simon ( kissing he on the mouth ) look at he ... where be little baby ? handyman ( smile ) in the basement garbage bin eat diaper shit . Simon react -- then notice the handyman , tongue in cheek , try to suppress he amusement . simon go ahead , John , you earn you fun . ( look at verdell ) how do he get down in the basement ? I mean even if he get on the elevator how ... ? handyman maybe some nice neighbor shove he down the garbage chute . simon my God ! no ! he stare out ... Frank frustrated follow . int . melvine apartment - office - night quiet -- safe -- just melvin 's voice read aloud as he write . melvin ' somewhat in the dark , she have confess and he have forgiven . this be what you live for , he say . two head on a pillow where there be only the safety of be with each other . how , she wonder , could she find such hope in the most shameful part of she . ' he barely react as we hear a loud knocking at he read . simon ( o.s. ) Mr. udall . but melvin 's into it . his finger fly as he read . melvin ' at last she be able to define love . Love be ... ' more knocking . simon ( o.s. ) Mr. udall , I would like to talk to you please . melvin ' Love be ... ' he almost have the rest of the sentence -- the meaning of love -- but the knock throw he . melvin ... son-of-a-bitch-pansy-assed - stool-pusher . he burst from he chair . int . apartment build ( new york ) - hallway - night as Simon hear melvin through the door and take a step back . melvin throw open the door . he look demonic . melvin ( loud and angry ) yeeeess !!! simon maybe this can wait . Frank signal encouragement as melvin open the door . simon I find verdell , Mr. udall . melvin well , that 's a load off . melvin walk back into the apartment and be about to close the door when Simon have another burst of bravery . simon do you ... do something to he ? melvin do you realize that I work at he ? simon ( eye downcast ) no , I do not . melvin do you like to be interrupt when you be dang around in you little garden ? simon no ... actually , I even shut the phone off and put a little piece of cardboard in the ringer so no one can just buzz I from d ... melvin well , I work all the time . so never , never again interrupt I . okay ? I mean , never . not 30 year from now ... not if there 's fire . not even if you hear a thud from inside my home and a week later there 's a smell from in there that can only come from a decaye body and you have to hold a hanky against you face because the stench be so thick you think you be go to faint even then do not come knock or , if it 's election night and you be excited and want to celebrate because some fudge - packer you date have be elect the first queer President of the United States ... and he 's go to put you up in Camp David and you just want to share the moment with someone ... do not knock ... not on this door . not for anything . get I . sweetheart ? simon yes . it 's not a subtle point you be make . melvin okay , then . melvin enter he apartment and slam the door shut . simon so the theory of confrontation be that now he will think twice before mess with I ? Frank smile affectionately . Simon turn serious . simon he 's genuinely upsetting , be not he ? frank wo not worry about it . you go ahead . Frank wait till Simon exit scene and then knock loudly on melvin 's door . there be a sharp change in he demeanor . melvin ( o.s. ) oh , I be piss !! now I be really piss !!! Frank wait patiently as melvin jerk he door back open . Frank immediately grab melvin by he shirt and jerk he forward ... melvin be scared . operate on survival mode . melvin no touch . no touch . no touch . frank you may think you can intimidate the whole world with you attitude , but I grow up in Hell . my grandmother have more attitude . you do not intimidate I . melvin ( call ) Police ! Police ! Fucking crooked police ... doughnut -munch moron help I ! ( to Frank ) assault and battery and you be black . frank shhhh now . I like Simon . I like he enough to batter you unrecognizable if you verbally abuse he or so much as touch he dog again . meanwhile , I will try and think how you can make this up to he . ( suddenly loud ) I hate do this . I be a art dealer . ( beat ) have a nice day . Party ! he toss melvin back and walk out . melvin straighten he shirt as he step out into the hall . Frank smile as he re-enter the other apartment . melvin appear impressed . ext . new york CITY STREET near carol' restaurant - day a crowded and dirty street and here come melvin . his walk be brisk -- a animal want to pass through the danger without give off the scent of its mount fear . at time he place he palm together and extend he arm cut a path through people . we will be very point in the fact that he avoid step on crack . closer on melvin his eye focus on the terrain . int . carol' restaurant - day angle on waitress carol connelly talk with another mother -- a customer . you would not guess it , but she work hour tend to be the most carefree time of the day . she be tell a story about she son for the umpteenth time . carol ( to the mother 's little girl ) look at you , you be all better . mother it 's that new medication . carol you know all my son 's stuff , right ? the mother nod too sympathetically that she do , but Carol interrupt she . carol no , no , no , I get a date tonight . I be walk out the door this morning and he say to I , ' Mom , I promise not to get one of my fever or cough during you date . ' mother be not that sweet . carol Little blonde angle . ( to child , affectionately ) eat everything . melvin enter and move past several empty table to a table towards the back and be obviously surprised to find a man and woman sit at the table . woman it just come out of I . I say you love I the way a remote control love a tv . as long as I switch every time ... her male companion wonderful . melvin people who talk in metaphor can shampoo my crotch . ( on they look ) eat up . they turn away -- melvin walk a few pace to the waitress station where two waitress , lisa and carol , be talk . lisa pay I back next week . carol I owe you . I tell you today ... they 's the rule . oh , excuse I , melvin . she put two hand lightly on he waist to move he out of the way . he gulp at the contact ( since no one else ever touch he ) but cover he self - consciousness . melvin I be starve . carol ( firmly to Lisa ) will you please take it ? melvin intentionally move a step in she path , with stealth , so that she must touch he again to get he out of the way ... lisa this way you take a cab home so you have time to get ready for the date . carol " ready " be not my problem . she bark a mirthless though hearty laugh . if we could read melvin which we can not , we would see he unsettle by the date talk . to Carol he be as harmless as furniture . carol ( to melvin ) go sit down . you know you be not allow back here ... Spencer 's more excited about it than I be ... he say , " Mom , I promise not to get a fever or couch during you date . " the other waitress and the short order cook all go " awww . " carol I know . he 's just the best . melvin I have get Jews at my table . carol it 's not you table . it 's the place 's table . behave . this once , you can sit at someone else 's station . the two waitress signal they protest . carol or you can just wait you turn ... melvin walk back into the restaurant proper ... he hang near they table ... he discomfort build in this limbo ... then : melvin how much more you get to eat ? you appetite be not as big as you nose , be it ? woman what ?!! man ( to woman ) let 's go -- the woman start to protest . man let 's leave . we be go . melvin sit down at the table -- and take from he pocket a plastic eat utensil set wrap and seal . as he open he utensil . carol bryan say he do not care how long you have be come you ever act like this again you be bar for life . I be gonna miss the excitement , but I will handle it . there be in Carol 's attitude toward melvin some ingredient of self - satisfaction -- that she be the only one in the place who can handle he . she start to clear the table . melvin the table 's fine if it have some cholesterol on it . two sausage , six bacon strip , fries , three egg over easy and coffee . carol you be gonna die soon with that diet , you know that ? melvin we be all gonna die soon . I will . you will . it sure sound like you son will . on carol stun . some crazy street - freak have slip under she perfect guard and momentarily devastate she . melvin sense that he 's go way too far . he wipe he knife . carol if you ever mention my son again , you will never be able to eat here again . do you understand ? give I some sign you understand or leave now . do you understand I ... ( add truthful label ) you crazy freak ? do you ?!? a beat and then melvin nod , hardly breathe -- back down . carol okay . I will get you order . she walk away . melvin watch she , bite he lower lip . he take some napkin and clean the table himself . int . carol' apartment - night she be underneath a younger , cuter man on the live room sofa . he be expertly into foreplay . she begin to make noise as she respond ... each time startling herself with she own noise and try to reign it in . she 's two woman here -- one speed the pleasure highway -- the other -- functional mom so blow away by the emergence of this sexy self that she laugh . the Young man stop and look at she . young man what ? carol I ... I ... I do not know ... you get I . his eye try to burn into hers ... she be get excited but do not know how to play it ... he push one of the finger of the hand caress she face toward she mouth ... she close she tooth , he finger attempt open she mouth . she stop he . carol let I just do whatever I do by myself ... I will catch up to you someplace I promise . ( as he 's put off ) oh , no ... do not look like that . no. I be sorry if I be a goof . and so with earnestness and caring , she have transformed the sex into something more intimate -- and , talk about egg in you beer , hotter . thing be get wild when we hear from the distance a child , spencer , calling and coughing . carol kiss ... kissing boy . oh my . Carol pull she head away -- as Spencer 's call continue . spencer ( o.s. ) ( softly ) grandma , grandma ... young man maybe you better check . carol like what do you think I be go to do ? int . hallway / beverly room - night pull herself together she go off down the hallway ... she duck she head into the first bedroom where she mother , beverly , be listen to music on headphone ... she take they off when she see Carol , then hear the cough . beverly I be sorry . I be hearing just everything you be do so I put this on to give you privacy . Carol now go into she son 's room . int . spencer be room - night the room be a monument to horrible , sleepless night ... two drugstore de-humidify filter , a nebulizer ( breathe contraption ) a waste basket ... a night stand fill with medicine , a blood pressure kit ... along with some stack of seven - year- old toy and a small tv wedge into the tiny space . spencer I be sorry . carol do not be silly . how bad ? spencer not bad . Carol feel he head ... that 's okay . then he cough -- try to suppress it ... then a bigger cough ... they each know what that signal ... she bring up a waste basket as he throw up ... she comfort he . he apologize . she love he . int . live room - night as she re-enter . he be take a cigarette from a pack . carol ( a bit panicked ) you can not smoke ... he can not take smoke . he palm the cigarette -- resume make out -- he hand squeeze she breast -- then he stop and look at he hand . she look down and see a bit of throw - up he pick up while feel she and then notice he look at she with extreme distaste ... she bark a laugh to cover she embarrassment but speak the truth . carol oh , God ... I do not even notice anymore . she cross to the kitchen for a dishtowel . tries to make light . carol that will teach you . young man do not apologize . carol ( perturb ) that be not a apology . she notice he demeanor -- how he avoid look at she -- how uncomfortable he be . carol hey ... this be just a little throw - up -- it 's nothing to be so embarrassed about . really . ( as he shift uncomfortably ) thanks for the dinner . let I write down which train you take to get back . young man no way . she brighten . young man I will take a cab . she deflate as he move past she . young man too much reality for a Friday night . ext . holland tunnel - night a cold night in hell . Three young man bullshit near the approach to the tunnel . they name be vincent , evan and doug , who be the oldest at 28 . Vincent be dopey and the most likeable of the gritty little trio . evan why be every customer surprised I read book ? doug ( amaze ) you read book ? evan oh , wow ! I know this guy ! look ! he even buy I dinner . they all focus on a black BMW as it slow and stop in front of they . carl check they out carefully through the front window . he be talk on the speaker phone . carl ( slightly exasperate ) look , I just can not . I promise Simon I would find he a model . friend ( v.o. ) ( on speaker phone , flirt ) Carl , take I off the speaker . do I tell you that this be house seat ? c'mon , you could use a break . hello ... Carl , be you there ... hello ? see the hustler : carl . ... I just find a model . doug ( to Carl ) hey , how it 's goin ' ... evan hey , hi ... remember ? carl I only need one . evan you pick I up , maybe a few week , I do not know , some time ago . you be very flatter about we ... encounter . carl maybe just you and I ... but this be for a painting . I need a pretty face . Carl beckon to Vincent who join he , try to conceal he pride at win this lowest end of beauty contest . int . simon' apartment - day there be a knock at the door -- Simon cross to answer . he be more relaxed than we have see he -- a man at peace hum to he favorite music , talk to he dog who scratch at the door . Simon open the door to Vincent . simon sorry , I be out in the studio do some work and I forget about we appointment . he lead the way back toward the studio -- chat away -- unaware that Vincent be disrob as he follow he and eyeing the expensive apartment . simon I usually make such a big deal out of pick model but Carl 's so thorough . I will bet he drive you nut check you reference . and he turn and see the naked model . simon ( take aback ) this be not a nude . Vincent move back to retrieve he clothes . vincent just kid around . ( then mutter ) so much for love . int . simon' apartment - studio ( minute later ) Vincent be strike blatantly sexual pose to the increasingly uneasy Simon . simon exactly what be you previous experience ? vincent how about that pose ? ( sing -song ) this be not fun ... ( then ) give I some direction . Vincent have instinctively put Simon on the defensive . he try not to show it . simon nothing . I just watch till something strike I . do anything you think of -- try different thing . until I say , " hold that pose . " then just try and comfortably hold it . vincent ( try another space ) the fact that you have not say , " hold it " mean I have not do it right ... be that correct ? I have not do it right ? simon no ... okay . what I do be watch and wait for , um ... you ever watch someone who do not know you be watch ... a old woman on a bus , kid go to school and you see this flash come over they and you know immediately that it have nothing to do with anything external -- that it 's in respond to a private think they just have ? they be just sort of realer and more alive . and when you notice it so be you . if you look at someone long enough , you discover they humanity . Vincent 's slack - jaw expression change . he feel a intellectual tingle to be have this conversation . vincent I know exactly what you mean . there 's a joy in he at this moment -- a bit of purity . simon hold it . Vincent do so -- hum a bit of " satisfaction " to celebrate . int . restaurant - day Carol and leslie , another waitress , be wait for they order at the cappuccino bar . Leslie be tell the story of the traumatic audition which may have turn she life . Carol be rapt . as they pass melvin she do not break stride , nor give he notice . though she be aware of he -- resentfully so -- hard not to be since he be give a moment to moment commentary on she every action . melvin clippity clop -- clippity clop -- she have to pretend she do not hear I . listen to the story from the upset friend ... now she drop off the cappuccino and smile at the putzette who do not even say , " thank you . " no , the putzette want the whipped cream so back she go and now she have to pass he again and it 's get tougher to make believe . carol ( reluctant forgiveness ) okay . melvin stop -- she pass behind he to deliver a uncharacteristic rabbit punch . carol what 's with the plastic picnic ware ? why not try ours ... afraid it be not clean ? melvin I see the help -- judgement call . carol just give yourself a little pep talk . " must try other people 's clean silverware as part of the fun of dining out . " melvin what 's wrong with you son , anyway ? carol what do you care ? melvin just look at she . carol he 's gotta fight to breathe . his asthma can just shoot off the chart -- he 's allergic to dust and this be New York and he immune system bail on he when there 's trouble so a ear infection ... be this bother you ? melvin ( catch ) no . carol a ear infection can send we to the emergency room -- maybe five , six time a month where I get whatever nine - year - old they just make a doctor . Nice chat with you . melvin his name ? carol Spencer . melvin okay . carol ( quietly ) Spence . she exit . int . simon' apartment - studio - day ( several week later ) the greenhouse studio be a busy sanctuary , as Simon put the finish touch on he painting of Vincent . a beat and then a strange figure cross between the camera and the scene -- go before we can examine he further . simon you can put on anything you want now . I might be sort of do here ... Vincent quickly and expertly pick a CD to meet he immediate need and put it on -- die a little at every second of silence during the transition ... then loud music plays ... Vincent even goosing the volume . Simon do a take -- he gesture Vincent to take it down -- which Vincent do . angle - apartment where it be not clear that a robbery be in progress -- Vincent 's two friend from the street sweeping all object into large sack -- one of they , Doug , pause to look past the terrace to the studio . doug lucky vinnie -- he 's a painting . int . simon' apartment , studio - day music plays -- Simon clean up he stuff . vincent so you be practically finish , huh ? simon yes ... well , there 's one more stage -- try to figure out if it 's any good . Simon sneak a look at the canvas from another perspective ... he focus -- then the smallest shy nod of self - approval -- he 's finish . Vincent be desperate to distract . close on dog as verdell awaken , stretch and prick he ear . he move quickly to the close door and start to frantically scratch , attract Simon 's attention . as Simon keep walk ... Vincent shoot over to the canvas . vincent wait -- I want to see the painting . simon just a second -- he have to go . vincent please !! no !!! Simon open the door and verdell shoot out like a bullet . Vincent pause before the painting and be throw to see he humanity capture -- to be " immortalize . " int . simon' apartment - live room - day Doug and Evan be nearly to the front door as verdell stop they with a vicious growl and bark . Simon be distract -- look down at he pet so that he continue to walk toward Doug and Evan , not notice they -- Vincent , terribly afraid , appear behind Simon . simon ( to Vincent ) what 's the matter , sweetheart ? he instantly stop . shock . frozen . his eye on the stranger , Doug , look at he . now Vincent come in . Doug greet he . doug yo . Simon turn to Vincent . simon why be you do this ? vincent no. no. no. hey , that painting in there ... I just want to tell you ... now Evan appear hold a brass hat rack . evan ( to Vincent ) what be you do ? cruise he ? and he use the hat rack first as a spear , then as a club , as the brief savage attack begin . on verdell as he start to go toward Simon and then scurries back in fear . the three attacker leave . now silence . a single bark from verdell . int . apartment build ( new york ) - hallway - dusk a mass of official people clutter the hall as a gurney be whisk down to the elevator . it 's impossible to tell if Simon be awake or dead . melvin be stand against the wall near he door a cop , ray , interview he . ray okay . so you call 911 and do not leave you name -- even a dumb geezer should know that emergency automatically pull up you name . how come you make a mistake like that ? melvin how come you be pretend to do cop work -- ' cause I do not think you could find you ass if you be spot the hole . ray ( stunne ) what ? melvin just move on . no one here kill he . ray oh , be he dead ? melvin ask he . ray we will if we can and if we can not , we will come back and ask you again and again . int . apartment build ( new york ) - hallway - another angle - night Frank stand upset , anxious , hold a dog bowl , a leash and verdell , who be more upset make pathetic little crying sound . as we focus briefly on verdell ... Frank be talk to the sweet - face woman . sweet -face woman I have be praying for he since I hear . frank so I have get to get to the hospital . if you could take the dog just for tonight . sweet -face woman oh , Lord -- I have get all this antique knick -knack ... or else I would be glad ... frank maybe if you keep lock in the bathroom . no? okay . thanks . ( as he turn away and she close the door he add ) Old bitch ... damn dog . a short laugh make we realize that melvin have witness and enjoy Frank 's hostile muttering ... verdell start whimpering as a piss Frank approach he mugger : frank you be take he ... yes ... you be take he -- this will clear the book . one night . you want to say " no " to I ? try ... because I have never feel as nut as I do right this second . I almost want you to try say " no . " melvin ( quietly ) I be not say nothing to you . frank thanks for look after he . Frank push open the door to melvin 's apartment and place verdell inside . int . melvine apartment - night music in : as Frank pull the door partially close to block verdell 's escape . the music represent verdell 's state of mind -- trap in the apartment of the man who try to kill he . we stay with the dog during the o.s. dialogue : as he head turn in panic we see he various pove as the dialogue continue o.s . melvin ( o.s. ) hey , where be you go ? you can not do this . ( call after Frank ) I can not take a dog . ( a confession ) nobody 's ever be in here before . frank ( o.s. ) ( threaten ) you do not want to mess with I today . I will figure something else out tomorrow . int . melvine apartment - live room - night melvin enter -- the dog cower in the shadow . now melvin see he . melvin you be dead !! verdell stop -- give melvin wide berth -- slinking along the far wall . melvin find verdell 's fear of he a bit calming . melvin I do not have dog food . and I will not want dog food here . you will eat what we have . you will eat what we eat . melvin exit . verdell be in a major funk . int . melvine apartment - kitchen - night melvin break two egg over a large pile of prime chop meat , stick raw piece of bacon into it and exit the room . melvin do not you touch anything . int . melvine apartment - live room - night verdell cring as he new master approach -- music continue ominously . melvin set the bowl down and exit ... verdell breathes excitedly though look alternately in all direction ... he recent past make he suspect this feast be a trick . he sniff cautiously -- then dive in -- gothic music changing on a dime to score he rapture ... from o.s. we hear the sound of running water as steam escape the bathroom -- then music out -- as melvin return ... ignore verdell he sit at the piano and he one key repeatedly . it 's odd . verdell shift he body so he be eat from the bowl with he tail to melvin . then melvin begin to play and sing monty python 's " always look on the Bright side of life , " with its cheerful whistle refrain . verdell look over with surprise and pleasure . but just as mood lift and warmth threaten , melvin stop abruptly , turn out the light and exit . int . hospital corridor - day Frank on the phone . frank ( into phone ) put the solid red dot on three of they and the hold blue dot on two other ... well , we be not go to sell anything if they know we be two week into a show and have no sale . no , you can not reduce a price at this stage ... we be in free fall here . any call ? jackie we can see he . frank I will meet you in there . int . hospital room - day as Jackie enter . jackie how you do , great one ? simon I have not look at myself yet . I figure I could tell from you reaction . he turn toward she . much of he body -- tape -- he painting hand wrap . Simon 's face be something of a horror . swollen , one savage discolor cut . we be into yuccchhh ... the sight be a jolt . Jackie break into tear ... sob , actually . simon that bad , huh ? they share a helpless half - laugh -- then Frank appear in the doorway . frank hey , hey ... ( as he see he ) haaa ... bad but temporary . the nurse say it 's much better than you look three week ago ... the hand will come back ... they be sure ... simon Jackie , will you hand I the mirror ? jackie ( a small voice ) no . she start to hand he a large mirror from she purse -- then think better of it . jackie wait , I have a smaller one . but he hold out he hand and she give he the mirror -- he start to look -- then think better of it . simon so , what 's new anyway ? how 's verdell ? frank ( sheepish ) you neighbor -- udall -- be take care of he . simon ( suddenly alive and upset ) how could you do that ? he will hurt he . frank no , I promise ... not a chance . I own this guy . there be no one else . I be on the move too much . trust I . simon you be very certain my dog be okay ... because you have no idea ... frank yes . you dog be fine , Simon . Simon hold the mirror poise for a moment of discovery , then he take a breath -- like someone about to dive underwater . first a small , mumble pep talk to himself . simon okay , wait give the devil time . now ! he quickly bring he hand up and look at the mirror ... he be startle -- the bottom drop out -- leave he awed by he misfortune . simon oh my ... where would I go ? ummmm ? ext . carol' restaurant - day a establishing shot featuring verdell tie up in front . int . carol' restaurant - day melvin finish a plate of egg , bacon and sausage with he plastic knife and fork . Carol look totally beat as she set down a cup of coffee . melvin be craning periodically to keep a eye of he dog . carol so what be you do with a dog ? melvin sucker in . set up . pushed around . carol you be not worried that someone might take he ? melvin well , not until now -- for Christ 's sake . carol sorry . melvin it 's okay -- I will sit here . he change table for the first time ever so that he can keep a eye on verdell . Carol be amaze . carol you know he 's a little dog . next time , if bryan 's not here , you can bring he in . melvin how old be you ? carol oh , please ... melvin if I have to guess by you eye , I would say you be fifty . Carol look at he . carol and if I have to guess by you eye . I would say you be kind . so , so much for eye . but as long as you bring up age ... how old be you ? melvin ( quickly ) otherwise , you be not ugly . carol ( laugh out loud ) okay , pal ... I accept the compliment , but go easy -- my knee start a-knock when you turn on the charm full blast . melvin what 's with the dark ? he indicate the bag under she eye by tapping he own . carol Dawn patrol -- major dawn patrol . my son have a full blow attack . and this time , for extra fun , they give we the wrong antibiotic , so I get he home ... she reach for the plate of uneaten bacon -- he go nut . melvin no ... no ... leave it ... the bacon 's for the dog . she be jolted by the insensitivity of he interruption , but he do not notice , turn , almost chatty . melvin last week I be play the piano for he and he like it , and so I decide I be go to make a little joke ... carol you all set here ? melvin nod -- a bit frustrated about not be able to finish he dog story . he pocket the remain bacon . ext . new york STREET - day as melvin walk verdell back home , we notice , perhaps a beat before melvin , a remarkably event . verdell be avoid the crack in the sidewalk . melvin it 's a beautiful day for we walk . melvin slow -- observe the dog mirrore he behavior . on verdell again carefully place he paw to avoid a crack in the sidewalk . melvin laugh out loud -- put on plastic glove hurriedly so he can lift the dog to eye level . melvin do not be like I , do not you be like I . you stay just the way you be because you be a perfect man . I be gonna take you home and get you something to eat ... what you love . another angle female passersby ( charme ) ohhh . I would like to be treat like that . melvin ( all smile to verdell ) let 's go home and do some write . int . melvine apartment - live room - night melvin whaling away at he computer , read to himself with great satisfaction as he go . verdell sit at he chair , fascinate by the speed of he master 's finger on the keyboard . he read he write aloud to the dog . melvin " he turn off the gas jet and carry she outside . he kiss she brow and when she eye open and find he , he say , ' there be easier way to break a date . ' she laugh . the only sensible ambition he have ever know be now realize . he have make the girl happy . and what a girl . ' you have save my life , ' she say , ' you would better make it up to I . ' " exhilated by he own word , he shut down the machine ... melvin ( sing to verdell ) done ! ( play with he some ) yes , I hate the doggy ... yes , I hate the doggy . he exit . melvin ( v.o. ) sixty - two book ... do ! as the dog go shoot off to the kitchen we leave we couple 's play time for ... int . simon' apartment - bedroom / live room / hallway - day as the rookie invalid awaken in precisely the same foul mood he would have on fall asleep . in the live room , the may , nora , be talk with Jackie -- we catch only a few word as they review Simon 's mount pile of bill and talk of how long nora can stay on . int . new york apartment build - hallway - day Frank knock on melvin 's door . he open it . frank how 's verdell do ? melvin he 's a pain in the ass . as he look over at the dog , verdell trot over and , without realize it , melvin smile at he to Frank 's surprise . frank Simon 's home . I be sort of hope you could keep the dog until he 's have a chance to think and adjust ... melvin ( leaping at the chance ) it 's be five week ... another few will not kill I . frank no . he want he back . he will be by tomorrow . melvin ( too loudly , weirdly ) okay by I . Frank exit . int . melvine apartment - live room - day melvin sit -- verdell look up at he . melvin walk to the door . he turn the lock ... then check that they be lock ... check again to make sure he turn they in the correct direction ... turn from the door ... then back to check once more . and again ... and again ... anguish , until now he break briefly , the dog look on . int . new york build - melvine apartment - hallway - day melvin open the door -- look at the scar Simon in a wheelchair and shudder ... melvin that 's some face they leave hang on you . you look like ... simon ( interrupt ) could you take it just a little easy , Mr. udall ? a beat of silence as melvin think whether to comply . simon thank you . verdell ... sweetheart ? ( to melvin ) by the way , thanks for save I . melvin I call . I never touch you . I do not leave my name or nothing . simon ( not listen ) verdell ? on verdell totally weird out ... hide behind melvin ... now melvin shift and Simon and verdell see each other ... Simon smile at the dog ... he be emotionally catch up in the reunion . simon hi , sweetheart . verdell be not eager . on simon the first gnaw pain of rejection . int . simon' apartment - day Simon pat he leg -- try unsuccessfully to get verdell to approach he . instead the dog go to the door and scratch at it . Jackie start to pick the dog up . simon no. please , do not force he . jackie ( to dog ) you little stinker . he 's give you everything . int . melvine apartment - live room - day melvine Pov verdell 's towel on the floor -- near he bowl . back to scene melvin 's lip compress ... he sit on the piano bench and hit a few key ... look at verdell 's empty spot again ... there be that who " get the joke " -- melvin be clearly one -- he laugh suddenly and helplessly even as he feel the panic rise in he ... ... all he painstake success in keep the lid on and now it threaten to blow for a reason he articulate . melvin over the dog ... a ugly dog . it 's hilarious . but now the humor detour . a actual sob be choke back ... he get up -- follow a definite pattern across the room . he be conduct a small but high - stake fight for survival . momentarily a scared , beat middle - age man -- he race out the door . ext . NYC street - day melvin charge as fast as crack check allow and then turn into a building with a copper sign read " grammercy Park psychiatric Group . " melvin worst sidewalk in New York and look where they put in . int . psychiatrist's office - day melvin burst in on the psychiatrist and emit one word . melvin help ! doctor if you want to see I you will not do this . you will make a appointment ... melvin explain to I how you can diagnose someone as " obsessive compulsive disorder " and then act like I have any choice in barging in . doctor there 's not go to be a debate . you must leave . the Doctor move into the hallway , force melvin to follow . melvin you say you could help I -- what be that -- a tease ? doctor I can help you if you take the responsibility to keep regular app -- melvin ( suddenly ) you change the room around ... doctor two year ago ... melvin shake he head -- as if thing be not bad enough he must go through a careful exercise note every new element before he 's at all comfortable ... as he study each object . the Doctor be professionally intrigue despite himself . doctor I also regrew my beard ... but you be not interested in change in I ... so it 's like I always tell you ... when it come to people you ... melvin shhhhhhh . I do not have this mountain of available time ... I get to get to my restaurant on time . do you know how hard it be for I to be here ? doctor yes. ( as melvin start for the office ) no . int . psychiatrist ' waiting room - day more patient in the almost - crowded wait room . melvin pass through -- visibly draw and upset . he stop . eye on they . then : melvin ( to other patient ) what if this be as good as it get ? they look stricken . he exit . int . carol' restaurant - day as he walk to he booth and sit down . enormous relief . cheryl , a heavy - set waitress , reluctantly move to he table -- unseen by melvin as he take out he utensil and arrange they . in a corner booth , four big transit authority police be have a meal together . Cheryl look at he utensil . cheryl what the heck be that for ? melvin no. no. get Carol . cheryl I be fill in . we do not know if she 's come back . she might have to get a job closer to home . melvin what be you try to do to I ? cheryl what the heck do you mean ? melvin hey , elephant girl , call she or something ... just let she do my one meal here . I will pay whatever . I will wait . ( as she do not budge ; he scream ) do it !!! the manager come over , gesture to the table of police that he can handle it . all attention be on melvin . manager out . be silent or leave . melvin I will be quiet . just let I wait . no problem . get she here -- have she get I two sausage , four bacon , two egg over easy and coffee . I be not a prick here -- I be a great customer . this day be a disaster . I can not handle this , too . manager get out immediately or there 's go to be trouble . melvin look at the police , size up the hopeless situation and rise . melvin there 's go to be trouble ??? he walk toward the door as Cheryl and all the other employee applaud he defeat . as he pass a busboy near the door he hand he 20 dollar . melvin Carol 's last name ? busboy connelly . ext . brooklyn STREET - day a uncomfortable melvin sit in the back of a taxi . melvine Pov a neighborhood in Brooklyn -- a community . melvin , ever the shark observer , look from the cab to see slice of community life -- men in front of a bar , parent give they child a ride on a mechanical horse outside a local store -- two young women discuss dating . ext . carol' build - day as he exit -- ring the bell and be buzzed in . int . carol' apartment build - door / hallway - day Carol open the door just as he arrive on she landing . she hold a container of ice , washclothes and a thermometer . melvin I be hungry . ( on Carol 's astonished look ) you have upset my whole day . I have not eat . carol what be you do here ? melvin ignore the question , instead answer a charge he have imagine she might make ... melvin this be not a sexist thing . if you be a waiter I would still be here say ... carol be you totally go ? this be my private home ... melvin I be try to keep emotion out of this . even though this be a important issue to I and I have strong feeling about the subject . carol what subject ? that I be not there to take crap from you and bring you egg ? do you have any control over how creepy you allow yourself to get ? melvin yes , I do , as a matter of fact ... and to prove it I have not get personal and you have . why be not you at work ? you be not sick -- you do not look sick ... just very tired and bitter . carol my son be sick , okay ? even say the sentence , " my son be sick " push some emotion toward the surface which be waste on the crazy man at she threshold . melvin what about you mother ? carol how do you know about my mother ? melvin I hear you talk when I be wait !!! she cross to the sink to dump the ice . melvin take a step inside . Spencer , seven and look ill , walk into the room . carol sorry , honey ... I will be right there . melvin ( uncomfortably ) how ya do ? Spencer just stare at he . melvin ( miff ) you should answer when someone talk to you ... Carol eye melvin with disgust and disbelief then emphatically gesture he to " clear out . " melvin back out the door . carol sorry . there be a limit , melvin , and I can not handle you teach my son manners . she close the door in he face , then walk to she son and lead he back to he room . int . spencer' room camera move toward mother and son sit on the edge of Spencer 's bed . she hold a digital thermometer to he ear . they both count down the second . carol and spencer 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... bingo . spencer 104.9 carol we be go to treat ourselves to a cab ride . ext . brooklyn sidewalk - angle on carol - day as Carol carry she young son through a class of uniform kide from a Catholic elementary school . she spot melvin about to enter a cab . carol melvin , wait ! the school kid pick up the chant in unison . school kide melvin , wait ! melvin , wait ! melvin , wait ! he turn to face they . melvin shut up , kid ! they immediately obey as Carol approach he . carol melvin ... give we a lift . we have get to go see we friend at the hospital . melvin be throw ... he pause a beat ... then hold the rear door open as Carol hustle the kid inside . the maneuver put the bett red , sweat Spencer at he face . melvin I will ride up front . cover you mouth when you cough , kid . int . brooklyn cab - day as they settle in and drive off . carol Brooklyn presbyterian Hospital , please and quickly please . ext . hospital emergency room - day as Carol enter the hospital . carol ( call back ) I owe you three dollar . melvin follow behind she as she carry she son ... melvin yeah , yeah ... any chance you will get back to work today ? carol ( furiously ) no !!! stay away from I ! int . simon' apartment - day verdell lie just inside the front door whimper for melvin . Jackie sit across from Simon 's wheel chair ... she have some index card in she lap which she occasionally consult and shuffles . jackie I feel terrible that I have to ... Simon ? forget about the dog for a second . Simon force he attention to Jackie . simon sorry . what be that card ? jackie ( a bit embarrassed ) Frank 's idea . he think I should have note so I do this right ... maintain focus , do not get emotional and try not to terrify you . simon ( scared shitless ) terrify I ? jackie see , he 's right . I need the card . ( read from card ) Simon , you be break . angle on verdell as they conversation continue -- the dog be distress . jackie ( o.s. ) the medical bill be 61 thousand now . I have speak to you parent and they do not hang up or anything -- they just say they would feel strange call you . simon ( o.s. ) well , I can not reach they . verdell walk out on the terrace and look off . he turn for : simon ( to verdell ) here , baby ... what be it , verdell ?... you miss the tough guy ... ( try to be melvin-like ) well , here I be , you little pissant mop , happy to see I ? how about another ride down the chute ? oh , God ... I do not mean it , sweetheart ... ( on Jackie 's look ) I be sorry . I know ... verdell hide behind a chair . jackie Frank love you . you know that ... but I have speak to he and he feel that -- ( read from card ) -- as a businessman , with limited resource ... simon I will be able to keep my apartment and studio , will not I ?... just tell I . as Jackie look at he then thumb for a card . simon ( overwhelm ) wow ... verdell have come near he -- he reach out a hand to pet the dog and the dog duck . int . melvine apartment - day he be try to write . he can not . his world have be upset . he walk away from he work -- a highly unusual act . he be distress -- and then a idea and he exit . int . publisher's office - day we be look at zoe , the receptionist . she be listen with interest to a o.s. conversation while answer phone call , " Premier publish . " female executive ( o.s. ) yes , you write more than anyone else . yes , you make we a lot of money , but be not there someone more appropriate to ... melvin ( o.s. ) I need this . just say , " melvin , I will try , " okay ? female executive ( o.s. ) ( resign ) melvin , I will try . they appear now -- the woman tall , attractive , etc . she pause at the elevator . female executive now , on a pleasant note , we son get accept at Brown . my husband ... melvin ( curtly ) great , wonderful . I do not need you to wait with I . she nod , piss , wave and leave . as melvin wait , Zoe summon she moxie . zoe I can not resist . you usually move through here so quickly and I have so many question I want to ask you . you have no idea what you work mean to I . melvin what 's it mean ? zoe that somebody out there know what it 's like to be ... ( tap she head and heart ) in here . melvin oh God , this be like a nightmare . zoe aw come on , just a couple of question -- how hard be that ? as he hit the button , wipe he finger , hit the button etc . zoe how do you write woman so well ? melvin ( as he turn toward she ) I think of a man and take away reason and accountability . the fan be jolted as the elevator door open and close . ext . STREET near carol' build - day a deplete , exhaust Carol approach she home . she be suddenly wary -- SOUND dialed down -- as we move closer . carol' Pov a car at the curb with " md " license plate . back to scene as Carol break into a run . int . carol' apartment build , stairway / hallway - day as she bound the stair , come to she apartment door and jiggle with the key , a strange prescient whimper sound come from she . as she enter the apartment . carol hello ? hello ? voice ( o.s. ) Mrs. connelly , I be in here . the worst confirm , she move down the narrow hallway , she innard squirting the same chemical that drive elk on open day of the hunt season . int . spencer be room - day carol what ? please ? now ? tell I ?! dr . bettes Mrs. connelly . I be Martin bettes ... Dr. bettes . carol not you name ... what be you tell I you name for !! where be he ? dr . bettes he 's in the bathroom ... he 's fine . carol ( overlap ) tell I how bad it be . I let he go out last night when it be so cool without a overshirt -- just and underone with just the strap and I know better ... and I let he talk I into it . he be whining and ... you do not need this . give I a second to catch hold . and so she do . wow do she ... and give we some notion of the size of she fear demon and the strength it take to subdue it as Dr. bettes keep reassure she and she keep nodd ... finally a deep breath as Spencer enter from the bathroom . all at hyper speed now . salvation as farce . spencer ( to he mother ) hi ... ( they kiss ) do you know there be doctor who come to you house ? carol no , I do not . ( to bettes ) so why be you h... beverly , Carol 's mother , enter the room . she be ebullient which , if life allow , would be she natural state . beverly I do not know you have a secret admire . carol huh ? beverly you meet the gift . spencer he 's good ... and I be a expert on doctor . carol ( to Spencer ) stay out of this ... Doctor ? dr . bettes my wife be melvin udall 's publisher . ( as Carol react ) she say I have to take great care of this guy because you be urgently need back at work . what work do you do ? carol I be a waitress . on Dr. bettes ' reaction she mother add a save grace . beverly in Manhattan . voice ( o.s. ) Dr. bettes ? dr . bettes in here . a nurse enter . nurse sorry it take so long . I do not know Brooklyn . dr . bettes it 's okay , Terry . ( hand she blood vail ) tell the lab I would like the report back today . Carol and she mother exchange a look of incredulity . carol you be go to get the result today ?! moving shot as we approach the doctor and Carol seat across from each other at a small table ... soft voice ... relaxation . bettes be examine medicine bottle . dr . bettes how long have he be have problem ? carol since forever . dr . bettes have they do blood test on he ? carol yes . dr . bettes only in the emergency room or when he be well . carol emergency room only . dr . bettes have they do skin testing for allergy ? carol no . dr . bettes they have not do the standard scratch test . where they make small injection into the skin ? carol no. I ask . they say it 's not cover under my plan . and it 's not necessary anyway . dr . bettes it 's amazing this thing be not do . carol Fucking h.m.o. bastard piece of shit ... I be sorry ... forgive I . dr . bettes no. actually , I think that 's they technical name . carol once the test come back , be there someone I can reach in you office for the result ? dr . bettes me. my home number be on this card . carol his home number . Carol look at she mother -- they share a laugh . beverly have a hard time stop . carol ( to doctor ) do you want some juice or coffee or two female slave ? dr . bettes Water ... nobody tell you it might be a good idea to remove the carpete and drape in Spencer 's room ? carol no . she start towards Spencer 's room . dr . bettes you do not have to do it this second ... it 's not dangerous or anything . it 's just something that 's advisable . look , there 's a lot to be check but ... hey , you son be go to feel a good deal better at the very least ... she pat he head ... then embrace he with fierce intimacy . carol Doc !!! ( then ) so listen , you gotta let I know about the additional cost -- one way or the other we will ... dr . bettes they be considerable . but Mr. udall want to be bill . she take this as a blow to the heart , stomach and groin . int . simon' apartment - day Simon practice walk use he cane . a tearstain nora hug he good - bye . nora you poor , poor man . simon let 's use just one poor , okay ? anyway , dear , thanks for everything . forgive my recent crankiness and as soon as thing be on track again I will call . she kiss he and start for the door and suddenly a sharp intake of breath -- she 's forget something . simon what 's wrong ? nora who 's go to walk verdell ? Simon have not think of this either . simon no , no . int . apartment build ( new york ) - hallway - day nora hold she thing , knock on melvin 's door . melvin open the door . nora be still sniffle . he misinterprets . melvin be he dead yet ? nora no ! would there be any way for you to be willing to walk he dog for he ? melvin absolutely . nora not just today -- uh , could you do it -- until , until he get back on he foot ? melvin sure thing . nora you be a wonderful man . two o'clock be a good time . here 's the key in case he 's asleep . open the curtain for he , so he see God 's beautiful work and know that even thing like this happen for the best . melvin where would they teach you to talk like this -- some Panama City " sailor want to hump - hump bar " ? or be today getaway day and you last shot at he whiskey . sell crazy some place else -- we be all stock up here . he close the door in she face . she stand there ... throw by the abruptness -- then lift the two paper shopping bag hold she thing -- walk back toward the elevator -- pause briefly outside Simon 's door -- then continue on she way . int . carol' apartment the doctor go , mother and daughter argue . carol there be a seriously goofy man behind this . you be not allow to block out that fact . beverly do you really want to go back to the runt doctor in emergency who keep tell we they can not help ? carol it let a crazy man into we life . beverly come on . why fight when we know how it will come out . this be not like stock or a string of pearl . you do not send this one back . ext . new york apartment - establishing - day int . simon' apartment - day shade draw . Simon be a wheelchair ... the phone ring . he go to answer ... the phone across the bed so that reach for the phone be a brief but difficult struggle ... he grunt with pain , hope and anxiety as he answer . simon hello ?... yes ... sure ... finally , huh ? why , " finally " ? because I call you so many time . maybe 20 . ( relief ) oh , boy ... I be hope it be something like that . you do not get one of they , huh ? ' Cause I mean it be not only you office -- it be you home , hotel and the cigar club you like in San Francisco . no -- sarcastic ... of course . I believe you . no , do not fire anyone ... please . maybe I be wrong about the 20 time . take a breath ... ( more ) so , you miss I a little ? hey , strike the question -- how 's the case go ? really . fantastic . I do not hear . I have not be watch . great . just great . I be so happy . whoopie ! me? well , I be mend . no , I look fine . well , some of the damage might still be noticeable if you look closely ... he run a hand across he scar and still bloat and beat face ... simon Carl , I need some help and you be the logical one to turn to . ( aghast ) no ! not ' cause I blame you for what happen . I hardly get how you can ever think that . no , I be not be sarcastic . ( try to figure it out ) I guess because you hire the guy who do this you think ... no , I be a sarcastic person . well , if you must know , the reason I say you be the logical person be because you always tell I how you think I be this great person who make you feel good about humanity and everything . you do remember say that ? well , whew . okay , so Carl . I hate ask but this money thing be ridiculously serious ... he pick up a index card from he night stand and take the leap -- read the text he prepare in advance . simon " will you please loan I money ? I will pay you back . I will give you whatever percentage of my income I do not absolutely need until I do . it will take a while . but I do not know what I will do if you say " ... that . ( as he listen ) I understand ... yes ... no , I do . ( a bit of boldness ) but you know , you know -- you do not even ask how much , Carl ? well , Frank have no right to discuss how much I be in hock ... no , you be right -- not the point . so ... what have you be up to ??? uh-huh ... oh , the group show ... how be it ? well , I be not surprised that there 's that much talent around ... great ... look -- gotta go ... no , you should not feel that way at all ... take care , you , too ... you , too ... good-bye. ( as he hang up ) pal o' mine . it 's very quiet . long shot - simon a lonely figure -- who now hold he good hand up to he face and appear on the verge of enormous emotional release -- camera move toward he as if to rendezvous with the moment of catharsis ... ... but Simon be deny even this small luxury as the camera abruptly adjust just as he begin sobbing to focus on the door open and melvin and verdell enter the room . melvin maybe I will bring he some food by . simon thank you for walk he . Simon wheel away from melvin . simon if you will excuse I I be not feel so well . melvin it smell like shit in here ? simon go away . melvin that clean woman do not ... simon please , just leave . melvin where be all you queer party friend ? simon ( he first shout ) get out . melvin pause -- Simon weep ... verdell look at Simon with concern . melvin be throw . move ? simon nothing worse than have to feel this way in front of you ? melvin nellie , you be a disgrace to depression . simon rot in hell , melvin . melvin no need to stop be a lady ... quit worry -- you will be back on you knee in no time . Simon swing he arm and cast at melvin -- the sudden attack jolt melvin but not as much as what follow . simon be this fun for you ? well , you lucky devil ... it just get better and better . I be lose my apartment and Frank want I to promise to paint hotter subject and to beg my parent , who have not call , for help ... and I will not . and I do not want to paint anymore . melvin have make for the door ... Simon block he . simon so the life I be try for be over . the life I have be go and I be feel so damn sorry for myself that it be difficult to breathe . right time for you -- huh , melvin . the gay neighbor be terrify ... ( a sudden scream word surprise they both ) terrify ... lucky you , you be here for rock bottom ... I wallowing in self - pity in front of you , you absolute horror of a human be ... as Simon work to stop cry , melvin be weird with discomfort . melvin well , I will do one thing for you that might cheer you up . simon get out . melvin do not piss on a gift , tough guy . you want to know why the dog prefer I ... it 's not affection . it 's a trick . Simon look up , he mood turn on a dime -- he 's rapt ... melvin come and stand by he wheelchair . melvin I carry bacon in my pocket . simon ( pleased ) oh , my gosh . melvin ( hand he bacon ) now we will both call he . simon come on , sweetheart ... melvin yo , yo , yo ... verdell go like a bullet to melvin ... who be totally surprised and staggered by the implication . true love and such . simon would you leave now , please ? melvin stupid dog. ( to Simon ) I do not get it . he exit ... look apologetically at Simon in stoic ruin . int . carol' apartment - live room - night Carol in bed on the pullout sofa ... she be in turmoil ... there be thunder , but no rain . she walk to the kitchen . she be tremble as she drink a glass of water and exit . int . beverly bedroom - night the room be on a air shaft and this be where Carol share a closet with she mother , who be now asleep . Carol quietly extract a dress from the closet , leave she nightgown on the floor . there be something sexy here , the woman in Carol churn . she plop on a summer dress -- no time for underwear . ext . brooklyn STREET - night Carol see a bus and dash after it . ext . manhattan bridge - two am Carol crossing to Manhattan . she look as if she 's on she way to some final exam where she have no notion of the subject . ext . new york CITY STREET - near melvine build - night ( rain ) hot summer night as she get off the bus and now the rain come ... we be in a familiar neighborhood . angle on melvin and simon' apartment house as Carol consult the slip of paper with the address on it . int . new york apartment build - night ( rain ) as she enter building and realize it 's not just that she 's wet -- the thin summer dress be a winner in any wet T-shirt contest ... the fabric cling to she breast , like the old movie poster of the deep . int . new york apartment build - hallway - night as Carol pass Simon 's door ... stand in front of melvin 's apartment -- twist herself to ease nervousness and knock on the door ... then ring the bell . finally Carol hear muffled throat clearing on the other side of the door . carol uh , udall ? melvin ( o.s. ) Carol the waitress ? carol yes . as we hear he unlock the door , Carol look at she breast and gasp . she grasp the fabric and hold it straight out just as melvin open the door . his hair be static city , stand on end as he periodically give it self - conscious pat . carol the doctor have you billing address . I be sorry about the hour . melvin I be work ... can not you just drop I a thank - you note ? carol that 's not why I be here ... ( tear suddenly ) ... though you have no idea what it 's like to have a real conversation with a doctor about Spencer ... melvin ( very uncomfortable ) note . put it in the note . carol why do yo do this for I ? melvin to get you back at work so you can wait on I . carol but you do have some idea how strange that sound ??? I be worried that you do this because ... she pause -- the beginning of a extraordinarily long silence . finally . melvin you wait for I to say something ? ( as she shake she head ) what sort of thing do you want ? look , I will be at the restaurant tomorrow . carol I do not think I can wait until tomorrow . this need clear up . melvin what need clear up ? carol ( strong and true ) I be not go to sleep with you . I will never , ever sleep with you . never . not ever . melvin 's reaction ? well , he will never get credit for the brief but intense inner struggle -- the struggle not to scream -- -- not to cry -- to process the sudden and stun hurt during he half turn away from she -- and then answer hoarsely . melvin I be sorry . we do not open for the no-sex oath until 9 a.m . Carol be amused , surprised ... maybe , in some small way ever take by he style ... but top priority be clarity . carol I be not kid . melvin okay !!!! anything else ?!? carol just how grateful I be . her mission complete -- she turn . melvin so you will be at work ? carol yes . int . melvine apartment - night it 's a 3:22 a.m. as the two digital clock on melvin 's night stand tell we ... he get up -- the first time we have see he waking routine -- tap one foot on the floor twice -- then the other foot -- two more tap and he body angle from the bed in a deliberate way . he be have anxiety . he sit at the piano and play very briefly ... stop -- wipe some sweat from he forehead ... walk to he computer room -- turn the light on and then quickly off ... walk to he refrigerator ... int . melvine apartment , kitchen , inside refrigerator - night as he grab a cardboard take - out box ... int . new york apt . build - hallway / simon' apt . he knock of Simon 's door ... it open quickly . simon' apartment melvin I take a chance you be up . Simon walk painfully back to a chair . melvin I bring you chinese soup . simon thanks . melvin I have never be so tired in my life . okay , if I sit here ? simon get any easier question ? melvin sit and moan -- the dog sit near he . melvin I have not be sleep . I have not be clear or feel like myself . I be in trouble . some son of a bitch be burn my bridge behind my back ... but the tiredness -- boy ... not just sleepy . simon but sick -- nauseous -- where everything look distort and everything inside just aches -- when you can barely get up the will to complain . melvin ( brighten ) yeah ... he feel a touch of community and not know where to take it from here . melvin I be glad we do this . he rise and make a awkward exit . melvin good talk to you . he exit -- Simon puzzle and concerned . int . carol' apartment - night Carol seat work on a letter ... she be try to express she gratitude ... a enormous sheaf of complete page sit next to she ... she be so involved she do not even look up as a young man , sean , knock on the door and be let in by beverly . they exchange greeting and move inside where we faintly hear Spencer greeting he ... we move in and read over Carol 's shoulder -- " I be sorry to have get sloppy and emotional in this letter , but it would have be on my conscionce ( sic ) forever if I do not tell you how gratefull ( sic ) ... " beverly you be not still write that thank - you note ? carol I be on the last page . how do you spell conscience ? beverly c-o-n-s-c-i-e-n-c-e . I get Sean from the bakery to baby - sit so let 's go out . carol I still do not feel safe leave Spencer with someone . how do you spell it again ? beverly Spencer be okay . you would better start find something else to do with you free time . if you can not feel good about this break and step out a little ... ( strut and pump she arm ) you ought to get Mr. udall to send you over a psychiatrist . carol ( more emotionally than she intend ) I do not need one ' cause I know what 's really go on here . I have to finish this letter or I will go nut . ( look at paper ; weepy ) this can not be right -- con - science . Carol breathes heavily -- get control , stop herself on the brink of cry . beverly Carol . what ? Carol be amaze at herself ... that she might not be able to stem the flow ... wide - eye with apprehension , she look at she mother , who , in return , only nod permission for Carol to let it go . a last defiant snort from Carol -- and then she be overwhelm . the headline come first . carol I do not know ... it 's very strange not feel that stupid panic thing inside you all the time . without that you just start think about yourself -- and what do that ever get anybody . today , on the bus there be this adorable couple and I feel myself give they a dirty look -- I have no idea everything be ... beverly go ahead . carol ( great , forceful hand gesture ) ... move in the wrong direction ... away from when I even remember what it be like to have a man to ... anything ... hold fuck -- sorry -- hand with , for Christ 's sake . I be feel like really bad that Dr. bettes be marry . ( this next one 's tough ) which be probably why I make poor Spencer hug I more than he want to ... like the poor kid do not have enough problem . he have to make up for he mom not get any . ( weep at she insight ) oh , boy . who need this thought ? beverly Spencer 's do fine . so what be you say , that you be frustr ... carol leave I be ! why be you do this ? why be you pick at my sore ... what be it that you want ?... you want what ? what 's with you ? I hope get I think of everything that 's wrong when all I want be to not do this have some purpose . ( puffy ; red ; furious ) what be it , Mom ? no kid . slump , fight out -- Carol get out one last , naked husky voice question . carol what be it you want ? what ? beverly I want we to go out . a beat , then . carol ( simply ) okay . int . carol be apt , spencer' room , hallway - night as they enter , still wiping away the effect of they cry . carol ( to Sean ) we be go out . sean ( look at they red eye ) look like fun . she kiss Spencer -- almost get involved in what he 's do -- then see she mother wait . carol okay -- we be out of here . I love you . Spencer nod -- involved with Sean . camera follows Carol as she exit the apartment -- she mother lead . halfway down the stair , she stop and reverse herself , go back to the apartment which she re-enter -- then to she son to ask : carol do you love I ? spencer uh-huh . Carol exit . ext . STREET - near carol' bldg . ( moving ) - day beverly and Carol walk past the store window . a simple and unprecedented experience in they recent life . beverly Nice to get out , be not it ? Carol nod tightly ... then they wrap arm around each other and continue walk , turn into a corner bar . int . carol' restaurant - close on carol - day as Carol stand nervously while Lisa finish read she 14 - page letter . in the b.g. melvin and Frank be seat at the same table and in earnest conversation . Lisa keep flick away tear -- a few drop on the page . carol do not get it wet . Lisa brushes the paper -- finish and embrace Carol . carol so it 's okay ? lisa you almost have I like he . you sure come from the heart . I never know what you go through with everything . carol I want he to know how much he would do . ( look over ) can you believe he 's eat with someone . on melvin &amp ; frank melvin it 's not my dog and this Simon seem to have enough on he mind -- but he do throw up twice and he spark be off . frank sure -- take he to the vet . melvin I do . and he stomach be out of whack . so they need he for a couple of day . frank do it . carol melvin . she self - consciously hand he with the thick envelope . melvin what 's this ? carol ( sotto ) a thank - you note for what you do for I . he hand it back to she deliberately . she take it and walk back to the service area where , embarrassed , confuse , and mess with -- she toss the note . after Carol leave ... frank she 's nice . melvin ( to Frank ) really nice . should not that be a good thing ... tell someone , ' no thanks require . ' frank it look like it really go over . you be sure make the round . Simon say you bring he soup last night . I hope he do not write you a note . melvin look up -- wary -- he brain send a disturbing message . frank what ? melvin " what ? " look at you ... you sense a mark . frank hey -- you call I ... I ... melvin about a dog . frank yeah , but it 's all about Simon now ... you help with the dog ... and now there be other thing . I be just as concerned as you be about Simon . melvin concerned . I be just the hall monitor here . frank it 's not only financial assistance . what he 's get to do be go to Baltimore tomorrow and ask he parent for money . it 's not go to happen on the phone . melvin yeah . if he parent be alive they have get to help -- that be the rule . good . frank yes . and tomorrow ? I have a high maintenance sell painter come through ... so I be out . can you take he ? melvin think white and get serious . Carol enter scene . frank take my car -- a convertible . do you drive ? melvin ( loudly ) like the wind but I be not do it . carol get loud , get loud . melvin he want I to take he car and he client to Baltimore . carol I want you life for a minute where my big problem be someone offer I a free convertible so I can get out of this city . she exit . Frank prepare to depart . melvin okay . I will take he . get he pack -- ready -- tomorrow morning . Frank stumble back ... self - satisfied , he relax . melvin ( excited ) okay ... so I will see you tomorrow . let 's not drag this out . we do not enjoy another that much . frank if there 's some mental health foundation that raise money to help people like you be sure to let I know . melvin last word freak . Frank adjust and exit ... Carol approach call a " good - bye " to he . carol so. anything else ? melvin yes . I be go to give my queer neighbor a lift to Baltimore . carol okay . melvin hey , what I do for you be work out ? carol ( a breath ; then ) what you do change my life . she offer he the note . melvin no ... no thank you note . carol well , part of what I say in this entire history of my life which you will not read be that somehow you have do more for my mother , my son and I , than anyone else ever have ... and that make you the most important , surprising , generous person I have ever meet and that you be in we daily prayer forever . melvin Lovely . carol I also write one part ... I write I be sorry ... I be talk about I be sorry when I get mad at you when you come over and you tell my son that he ought to answer back so I write that . ( read from the letter , melvin wildly uncomfortable ) I be sorry for busting you on that ... and I be sorry for busting in on you that night ... when I say I be never ... I be sorry and I be sorry every time you food be cold and that you have to wait two second for a coffee filler ... melvin want to disappear but Carol be get into it -- emotionally move by she own word . carol ... and I be sorry for never spot , right there at the table in the restaurant , the human be that have it in he to do this thing for we ... you know what , I be just go to start from the beginning ... I have not be able to express my gratefulness to you ... even as I look at the word " grateful " now it do not begin to tell you what I feel for you ... and finally Carol note melvin 's mood and pause . melvin Nice of you ... thank you . carol thank you . melvin now I want you to do something for I . she look at he for a very strange , long beat . carol oh , I be sorry ... do not I say , " what ? " I think I say , " what ? " ... what ? melvin I want you to go on this trip . carol no , sir ... melvin I can not do this alone . I be afraid he will pull the stiff one eye on I . I need you to chaperon . Separate everything but car . you say you like convertible . now I be on the hook . carol the stiff one eye ? melvin two day . carol I can not . I work . melvin you take off when you have to . carol my son . melvin bettes tell I he 's do fine . carol ( no other way ) melvin , I would rather not . melvin what 's that get to do with it ? carol funny , I think it be a strong point . melvin write I a note and be not she sweet . I need a hand and where would she go . carol be you say accept you help obligate I !? melvin be there another way to see it ? carol no . int . carol' apartment - beverly bedroom - night Carol take a old weekend case down from the top shelf of the closet . carol well , here 's a little suitcase shocked that it 's be use . she hold up a dress -- a pretty one ... then decide it 's too pretty and put it back ... now she look in another drawer and pause as if she ponder one of the mystery of the age . she hesitates then talk to herself . insert -- underwear drawer her best underwear neatly stack alongside she everyday " girl jocky . " she finger the good stuff -- put it back -- then the everyday -- hesitates . carol ( furiously exasperate ) there 's not way to pack for this trip ... well , I will tell you -- I be not pack the camera . as she exit the room -- int . carol' apartment - kitchen - night as she pick up the phone . int . melvine apartment - bedroom - night melvin be in he bedroom -- everything he 's take neatly stack on the bed wait to be pack ( he be take a camera ) . he have a list of what he need . all item -- underwear , sock , etc ... with four check next to each one and still he -- check each stack on the bed and add another check . the phone ring . this be a amazing development . he have almost no recent experience with receive a nighttime phone call . he make a little comment to himself as he move . melvin woo-woo . he stop -- briefly try to remember where the phone be -- and then , remember , cross and pick it up but before bring it to he mouth nervously clear he throat . on carol as she hear he throat be clear . it be not a pretty sound . ( the follow conversation be intercut . ) carol hello ? melvin be you still come ? carol yes . melvin visibly relax . carol melvin ... I would like to know exactly where we be go . melvin just south to Baltimore , maryland . so I know what you be go to ask next . ( correct himself ) that you might ask -- I be not certain . carol there 's ... there 's no need to bring anything dressy ... or ... I mean -- I do not know if we would be eat at any restaurant that have dress code . melvin oh. ( a beat ) we might . yes . we can . let 's . carol okay , gotcha . what do you think I be go to ask ? melvin whether crab be in season there now ... carol oh. okay , then -- melvin . good night . int . carol' apartment - beverly bedroom - night beverly look up expectantly as she daughter enter . beverly how be it talk to he ? carol stop treat this like I be go away with a man . he 's just go to say that crappy , sick , complain , angry thing to I . I hate this , Mom -- I hate this . he 's a freak show -- the worst person I ever meet . beverly well , maybe he have nice friend . ext . carol' apartment build - day beverly and Spencer wait with she . the bus approach . she kiss they . carol ( to Spencer ) you stand there and I will wave to you from the back window . as she board the bus . beverly call I as soon as you be settle . carol ( to Spencer ) I love you . the bus driver close the door on she -- she shove they open . carol ( to bus driver ) sensitive , huh ?! the bus pull out . he run after the bus -- wave at he mother who grow concerned that he might be taxing himself . int . veterinarian's waiting room - day a female veterinarian in surgical scrub hold verdell as melvin finish fill out some form . on opposite side of the wait room , a very large black dog and a tiny Chihuahua sit patiently with they owner . veterinarian anything unusual in the dog 's diet ? melvin no. everybody get they own cage ? veterinarian certainly . melvin ( point to Chihuahua ) put he in with that one , not that one ... ( point to large dog ) ... build he confidence . ext . bus stop near apartment build ( new york ) - day Carol disembark . ext . apartment build ( new york ) - day as she walk and turn a corner . close on carol the shot of the prisoner take the walk toward the death chamber . but the prisoner -- have grit -- she knee do not buckle . she do not whimper . no prison " screw " will have to support she weight . still , the prospect could not be grimmer . carol' Pov melvin next to a spiffy convertible . top down . trunk open . closer on melvin he be wear drive glove and turn to witness the tussle Frank and Simon be have just inside the building . frank I be sorry that I be not take you . simon ( upset ) so be I , Frank . Frank start to leave -- Simon stop he . they embrace . melvin soak it up -- it 's you last chance at a hug for a few day . as Frank move off melvin see Carol and he demeanor change ... that quickly there be a shyness . carol hi. melvin thanks for be on time ... Carol , the waitress , this be Simon , the fag . carol hello ... oh , my God , who do that to you ? simon I , uh ... I be ... attack . walk in on people robbing I . I be hospitalize . I almost die . melvin let 's do the small talk in the car . load up . Carol put she bag in the car . melvin I be go to do that for you . carol ( take aback ) it 's okay . no problem . where should we sit ? melvin ( totally non - pluss ) I -- uh , I ... well , there be no place card or anything . carol ( to Simon ) let I go in back . you look like you need all the room you can manage . simon that 's very thoughtful . melvin never a break . never . Carol step into the back . melvin disappointed that he 's not sit next to Carol ... Carol be wedge in the small back seat . she struggle to get she foot in . melvin you be really jamme back there . he reach for the latch between he leg and slide he seat and , with some effort , wrench it forward give Carol more room and put he right against the wheel . she be startle by the gesture . carol thanks , melvin . melvin welcome . and off they go . Simon and Carol stunne by the manners . ext . 12 th STREET turn onto fifth . melvin I get the whole ride program . camera follows as melvin go to a rack of CD -- all carefully label . he select and begin to play the one mark " icebreaker . " it be a song which we clearly and quickly judge as off the circumstance -- a quick burst of " y.m.c.a . " melvin stop the music and chuckle . melvin just want to see what you would do . no , we have greatness here . he go for another CD label " for use to rep thing up . " the car turn onto seventh as we hear beautifully selected music . carol ( o.s. ) hey , I like this music . and , as the music plays , Simon look out . ext . road - day the three of they ... Carol chatter away . carol I do not know the last time I have be out of the city ... hey , my arm be tanning . I use to tan great . we gotta stop soon so 'se I can check on Spencer . simon ( during the above ) I be sorry ... I can not hear you . I can not turn my head all the way yet ... tell she we can not hear she . melvin do not matter . she 's enjoy herself . consider it part of the music . ext . road - day a short time later . Carol be now drive . carol I be sure , Simon , they do something real off for you to feel this way ... but when it come to you partner -- or you kid -- thing will always be off for you unless you set it straight . maybe this thing happen to you just to give you that chance . melvin nonsense ! carol anybody here who 's interested in what melvin have to say raise they hand . Simon do not raise he hand . Simon and Carol have thus declare they majority . simon do you want to know what happen with my parent ? carol yes . I really would . simon well ... carol no , let I pull over so I can pay full attention . car pull over toward parking spot . ext . highway - curbside - convertible - day she take the car curbside and park . carol now go ahead . Simon look back at melvin as do Carol . he look innocent . several beat -- melvin almost say something -- a hide hand gesture from Carol stop he . finally . simon well , I always paint . always . and my mother always encourage it . she be sort of fabulous about it actually ... and she use to ... I be too young to think there be anything at all wrong with it ... and she be very natural . she use to pose nude for I ... and I think or assume my father be aware of it . melvin this stuff be pointless . carol hey -- you let he ... melvin you like sad storey -- you want mine . carl . go ahead , Simon . really . please . do not let he stop you . ignore he . simon okay . well , one day my father come in on one of that painting session when I be nine -- and he just start scream at she -- at we -- at evil . and ... melvin ( very quickly ) ... my father do not leave he room for 11 year -- he hit my hand with a yardstick if I make a mistake on the piano . carol go ahead , Simon . you father walk in on you and be yell and ... really , come on . simon I be try to defend my mother and make peace , in the lamest way . I say , " she 's not naked -- it 's art . " and then he start hit I . and he beat I unconscious . after that he talk to I less and less -- he know before I leave for college , my dad come into my room . he hold out he hand . it be fill with money . a big wad of sweaty money . ( gather himself ) and he say to I , " I do not want you to ever come back . " I grab he and I hugge he ... he turn and walk out . Carol , whose life have be rugge but basic , feel as strange as she do move by Simon 's trauma which be so much more complicated than she meat and potato trouble . she look out she window -- then kiss she finger and touch they to Simon 's cheek . a nice , understate , gesture of friendship . carol well , you know -- I still stay what I say . you have get to get past it all when it come to you parent . we all have this horror storey to get over . melvin shift into the frame . melvin that 's not true . some of we have great storey ... pretty storey that take place at lake with boat and friend and noodle salad . just not anybody in this car . but lot of people -- that 's they story -- good time and noodle salad ... and that 's what make it hard . not that you have it bad but be that piss that so many have it good . carol no . simon not it at all , really . melvin ( a veteran 's irony ) not at all , huh ?!... let 's go to the hotel . and if you be lucky tomorrow dad will give you another wad of sweaty money . int . HOTEL suite - live room / carl room - day melvin two bedroom and the sofa open ... Carol be on the phone in the live room -- she hang up . carol ( to Simon ) no answer ... maybe we should just drive there tomorrow . can I have that one ? melvin yes ... sure. ( to Simon ) I will take the sofa . Carol walk into she room -- the nicest room she will ever have sleep in ... she go to the phone and dial ... carol ( into phone ) hello ... hi , Spencer ... why be you out of breath ? you do ?!? that be great ... so great ... so -- no , wait a second , Spence ... int . HOTEL suite - melvin and simon' HOTEL room - day melvin watch Simon struggle to unpack he especially neat suitcase . melvin be uncomfortable . melvin can I ask you a personal question ? Simon laugh loudly in apprehension square . melvin do you ever get a erection for a woman ? simon melvin ... melvin would not you lie be a lot easier if you be not ... simon you consider you life easy . melvin I give you that one ... ( eye suitcase ) Nice pack . int . HOTEL suite - live room - day Carol enter the common live room ... melvin be sit there . Carol be deal with a number of unsettle new factor in she life . carol my son be outside play soccer . I never see he play ball . come on , you guy -- take I out for a good time ... take I out dance . melvin Dancing ? simon I can not , I be exhaust . Carol walk to Simon and put a arm on he . melvin be visibly disturb by she gesture . carol ( to Simon ) I do not blame you ... this be a monumental first day out ... you sad or anything ? simon no ... nervous . it would be very rough , Carol , if you be not along . carol what a nice compliment . she give Simon a kiss ... melvin deal with jealousy . she turn to he . carol I be happy . and you be my date . let 's get dress . she exit the room . melvin unnerve . melvin I be go to jump in the shower . I will be right with you . int . HOTEL suite - night as Carol , dress in a thrift shop find , enter the main room of the suite and hear the shower run -- she sit down to wait -- through ... series of dissolves show the enormous length of time which transpire until finally a seriously clean melvin emerge from the bathroom through a cloud of steam . they exit . ext . first rate restaurant - night as they drive up . valet good evening , sir . melvin they sell hard shell crab here ? valet yes . int . first rate restaurant - night as they enter ... head waiter good evening . melvin hi . you have hard shell , right ? carol stop ask everyone . melvin just he and that 's it . okay , you can answer -- we have work it out . head waiter yes , we do ... and I can give you a tie and jacket . melvin what ? head waiter they require a tie and jacket but we have some available . he reach into the coat and check room and withdraw they . melvin no ... I be not wear that -- and just in case you be go to ask I be not go to let you inject I with plaque either . carol you promise a nice place -- can not you just ... ( to head waiter ) you have this dry clean all the time , do not you ? head waiter actually , I do not think so . melvin ( to Carol ) wait here . ext . first rate restaurant - night as melvin take he car back from the valet . ext . STREET - shopping mall - night as the car go right across the street to a shopping mall . int . shopping mall - men' store - night melvin walk to the doorway and stop suddenly . salesman good evening . melvin I need a coat and tie . other angle camera reveal that the floor be intricately pattern so that passage for melvin be impossible . salesman come on in . melvin no. salesman no ? melvin ( point ) that jacket and give I a tie . ext . first rate restaurant - night as he pull up - a new valet take he car . valet # 2 good evening . melvin you have hard shell ? valet # 2 I be not sure . melvin everyone else say you do . valet # 2 then I guess we do . int . first rate restaurant as he enter , look for and then spot Carol . she be have a martini at the bar ... sitting on a stool -- watch couple dance ... happy by herself ... turn down a man who want to buy she another ... and melvin watch ... watch he date . head waiter shall I get she for you ? melvin no , it 's all right . I will just watch . he enjoy watch she for a few more beat ... she turn -- melvin make a " haul you ass over here " gesture ... and she smile and walk toward he ... a waiter have lift she drink -- place it on a tray and follow she . she take a bit of a slalom course through the table , giddy as the music plays and couple dance in the b.g . she notice the waiter in she trail . carol ( mouth the word to melvin ) my drink be follow I . melvin watch she approach . it be all too exquisite . he take a breath -- it do not come easily . carol you look 's ... she stop herself from say " sexy , " regather , then ... carol you look great . they arrive at the table . he hold out she chair for she . carol you wanna dance ? melvin I have be think about that since you bring it up before . carol ( rise ) and ? melvin no ... ( and before she can digest that ) ... I do not get this place . they make I buy a outfit but they let you wear a house dress . I do not get it . on carol melvin have no idea he have insulted she . sandbagge in extreme , she get up -- actually ready to leave . melvin no. wait . what ? why ? I do not mean it . you gotta sit down . you can still give I the dirty look ... just sit down and give it to I . carol melvin , pay I a compliment ... I need one and quick ... you have no idea how much what you say just hurt my feeling . melvin ( really piss , mutter ) that monominute somebody get that you need they they threaten to go away . never fail . carol that 's not compliment , melvin ... that 's just try to sound smart so I feel stupid ... a compliment be something nice about somebody else ... now or never . melvin okay . he wave she down . carol ( sit ) and mean it ... melvin can we order first ? she think and then nod . the waiter be across the room . this do not stop melvin . melvin ( call ) two crab dinner and pitcher of cold beer . ( to Carol ) bake or fries ? carol fries . melvin ( call ) one baked -- one fries . startled waiter ( shouting back ) I will tell you waiter . melvin ( to Carol ) okay , I get a real great compliment for you and it 's true . carol I be so afraid you be about to say something awful ... melvin do not be pessimistic . it 's not you style . okay ... here I go ... clearly a mistake . ( this be hell for he ) I have this -- what ? ailment ... and my doctor -- a shrink ... who I use to see all the time ... he say 50 or 60 percent of the time a pill can really help . I hate pill . very dangerous thing , pill . " hate , " I be use the word " hate " about pill . my compliment be that when you come to my house that time and tell I how you would never -- well , you be there , you know ... the next morning I start take this pill . carol ( a little confuse ) I do not quite get how that 's a compliment for I . amazing that something in melvin rise to the occasion -- so that he uncharacteristically look at she directly -- then : melvin you make I want to be a better man . Carol never expect the kind of praise which would so slip under she guard . she stumble a bit -- flatter , momentarily move and he for the take . carol that 's maybe the best compliment of my life . melvin then I have really overshot here ' cause I be aim at just enough to keep you from walk out . Carol laugh . carol so how be you do with that pill ? well , I hopahopahopa . melvin take month to know ... they work little by little . ( hold he head ; then ) talk like this be exhaust . Carol move to the chair next to he ... she sit very close -- he tense . carol have you ever let a romantic moment make you do something you know be stupid ? melvin never . carol here 's the trouble with never . tight shot for the kiss . they face be close -- she look at he ... she close she eye -- she face move toward he -- he be wide - eye and afraid ... his face almost move away -- in a shot this close it 's almost flight ... but now he head move back and he receive she kiss . it be brief . Carol smile encouragement to he and herself . melvin can not bear the pleasure . melvin you do not owe I that . carol that be not payment . when you first come into breakfast , when I see you -- I think you be handsome ... then , of course , you speak ... so now that you soft li'l underbelly be all expose . tell I , why do you bring I ? melvin 's voice be soft -- hesitant , okay , vulnerable ... as he hold up he hand in a " stop " signal . melvin well , ah ... that 's a personal question . carol tell I even if you be scared . tell I why you want I here . it 's okay . she kiss he again . carol if you ask I ... I will say , " yes . " melvin ( dissemble ) there be lot of reason ... I have a think that if you have sex with Simon it might ... carol ( humiliate ) sex with Simon ? melvin it 's one idea ... carol that 's why you bring I ? look at I ! be that really why you bring I ... like I be a what and I owe you what ?! melvin I do not know why I bring you -- that idea occur to I be all ... it come out first ... hey , you kiss he -- I ... he say he love you . you two hit it off . but you do not want to ... fine ... forget what I say about sex with Simon . it be a mistake . carol ( wiping away tear ) I will never forget you say it . melvin it be a mistake . but she have already turn away and exit the restaurant ... melvin alone and miserable . int . simon' HOTEL room - night he finish dial . he be extremely tense -- not breathe -- a lump in he throat -- try not to let the anxiety immobilize he ... the number ring twice , then a humorless male voice : parent ' voice ( humorless male voice ) hi. this be Fred Bishop ... ( perky woman 's voice ) ... and Betty . ( Fred again ) we be sorry to be unable to take you call right now . please leave a message and we would appreciate you include the time / date and purpose of you call . ( Simon mouth the word " date , " then Betty speak before the beep bye-bye . simon ah , this be Simon ... I be here in town ... ( he wait ) ... and , folk , you have not come home later than 10 in you life . please pick up -- really ... okay ... I be go to call again in the morning . I need to see you . or , at least get you to answer the phone . he hang up . his parent want no part of he and he need help . int . HOTEL suite - carol be room - night as Carol enter with some energy . we follow she as she go into she room -- take she suitcase , begin throw thing in . int . HOTEL suite - simon be room - night simon hello ... hello ??? Carol thrust open the door and enter ... simon be this suppose to be you room ? carol we room . I do not want to see he and he 's not go to come knock on you door . Simon struggle with he shirt -- she help he , inadvertently venting some anger as she do so . simon can you not be violent ? carol I do not think so . you need help with the pants ? simon ( emphatically ) no !!! carol I be go to take a big bath and order a big meal . simon uh-huh ... carol I be sorry ... be you okay ? simon well , consider everything 's horrible and tomorrow I have to face my parent ... do not ask I ... I be sick of my own complaint ... get to get I a new set of thought . carol why ? what have you be think about ? simon how to die , mostly . carol can you believe in we little mix you be the good roommate . Simon laugh -- as she cross to the bathroom and begin to prepare a bath . simon ( turn off the light ) good night . carol good night . we be on Simon settling in for sleep , when instinct or sound or the faint glow of hope turn he so that he face the bathroom and we have ... simon' Pov Carol sit at tub 's edge -- a towel around she and now as Simon look at the bathing beauty she adjust she hair -- the towel fall -- a better than perfect breast expose ... back to scene simon ( a whisper ) hold it . he leave the bed . angle on HOTEL desk what 's he up to ... he take the blotter from the desk set and a pen from he jacket pocket which hang on the chair and with vigor and faint pain move to the other side of the bed where he turn on the light and stare at Carol . simon I have get to sketch you . carol no ... absolutely not . I be shyer than you think . I give the wrong impression sometimes and ... simon I have not even be think about sketching for week . carol stop stare . do a vase . simon but you be beautiful ... you skin glow . carol thanks . but I just want to take a bath and ... simon that long neck -- the line of you ... you be porcelain ... you back go on forever . you be classic ... you be why cavemen chisele on wall ... carol all right , cut I a break . Simon 's pen move across the blotter -- Carol see he earnestly engross , a beat of indecision and then shyly but deliberately she lower the towel . he 's right . she 's breathtaking . int . bar - night melvin sit alone , nursing a drink . he 's be talk to the bartender . melvin so then , the next thing I know , she 's sit right next to I , and then , well , it 's not right to go into the detail , but I screw up . I get nervous . I say the wrong thing and if I have not , I could be in bed now with a woman who if you could make she smile you get a life . instead , I be here with you , no offense , a moron push the last legal drug . he sit there , just another Joe on a bar stool with he heart break . int . HOTEL suite - simon be room - close on simon - night he 's excited -- smile ... we hear Carol -- also revve . carol ( o.s. ) I do not care how you put it -- we be be naughty here , pal . full shot Carol hold a pose for Simon ... he be hold a ballpoint over the back of a hotel desk blotter . his style cramped by he cast . simon no. no . this be great , this be so great . I can not get the angle with this cast . he struggle with the cast , and then decide to struggle no more . summon remarkable strength , he rip a piece from the cast , freeing he hand -- he roar ironically -- a lion 's roar of liberation . he be back at he center . int . HOTEL suite - live room - day melvin be have a room service breakfast . the door open ... Simon enter . a new Simon -- better than ever , clearly happy -- a morning - after glow . melvin do you have sex with she ? Carol follow he out . her arm be fill with the hotel soap , shampoos , etc . melvin sorry , do not realize she be right there . ( a beat ) do you have sex with she ? carol to hell with sex . Carol look at melvin -- he can not meet she gaze . carol we hold each other . it be better than sex . what I need he give I great . simon I just love she . ( beat ) how're you do ? melvin react . int . HOTEL suite - day Simon finish dial the phone ... a brief wait , then : simon hello , hi , Mom -- I can barely hear you . do you have to whisper ? no -- do not apologize -- it be the luckiest thing for all of we that you do not answer last night ... I can not hear you ... okay , dear , just listen to I then . on melvin and carol melvin have be reduce to straight talk as Carol bring the bathroom bounty into the room and begin to put it in she suitcase . melvin I get why you be angry . it 's no snap to explain why I be like that , but let 's not try to do it on the run ... simon ... so mom. truly no grudge -- truly . a little odd that you do not come to see I when you hear I be hurt , but the important thing I want you to know be you son be happy . I be work again . I will make do -- I do not want a thing . would not take it if it be offer . I will drop you a note from wherever I land and then it 's up to you . I hope we patch thing up but know that if we do not , I wish you both the very best ... I can not hear you . you hear I , though , right ? good -- take good care . ' bye . he hang up , totally satisfied with himself and rip over to Carol and melvin . melvin ... now he 's go to want to stay . and they will want to take a ride to the lake or whatever . so it 's a good five hour back . it give we a chance to take it easy and ... simon I be go back with you . carol but what about ... simon I will take care of myself -- melvin what be you talk about ? you get real problem . simon I know . I be a little bit nervous . suddenly everything seem so easy . Carol , a load have be lift . carol one night with I ! simon you think you be kid . melvin stalk out . ext . highway - day the car park near a phone booth -- melvin ( to Frank over the phone ) aww Jesus ! no choice . Carol walk up to Simon in the car . carol I get a gift for you . she hand he a base ball cap . melvin ( on phone ) nothing like no choice to make you feel at home . carol ( to Simon ) let I see ... ahh , gorgeous ! melvin do it then . get the dog pick up . I can not believe you let it stay there . melvin hang up the phone . melvin good-bye. ( to Simon ) well , you luck be hold . they sublet you place . you be homeless . Frank 's get a line on another place you can use for now . simon another place where ? melvin do it matter ? melvin get in -- go to the glove compartment for a special CD label " for emergency use only . " as it plays a confessional love song : carol I do not want to hear that music right now . melvin what do you mean ? you say you like it . carol I do not . melvin this one have a special meaning . carol it 's you car but I do not want to hear it . if that mean anything . melvin hesitates and then turn off the song in mid - proclamation of love . ext . apartment build ( new york ) - night as the car arrive ... they get out ... melvin here be the key to my apartment . I be go to park you in my place while I take Carol home . carol ( hefting bag ) I will take a bus . melvin I will take you ... why not ? carol I do not care what you do for I . I do not think I want to know you anymore -- all you do be make I feel badly about myself . ( turn to Simon ) you have my number . simon ( hugging she ) I love you ... ( sotto ) let he take you home . carol do not want to . I love you . she shake she head and walk off . Simon look at melvin with some sympathy . melvin do not say anything . int . melvine apartment kitchen - night where verdell 's ear prick . int . apartment - night as they enter . melvin ( o.s. ) I tell you to go on in . simon ( o.s. ) look , I have get to get a hold of Frank and see where I be hang my hat ' cause ... the door open , revealing they : melvin I think you gotta camp it here ... simon what be you talk about ? the dog vault toward they -- all else forget as the dog greet he two favorite people and they talk to he . simon ( to verdell ) I know the feel -- you feel like you ol ' self again , huh ? -- mommy and daddy be home . melvin react . simon sorry ... you be fun to mess with . melvin get up ... Simon notice some of he painting . melvin they take you place furnish . Jackie say she grab you personal stuff -- they be suppose to set you up here . ( lead the way ) there 's this extra room -- I never use . it get good light . no other answer really . Simon follow . int . simon be new room - night as they enter ... the room clean and organize -- a small but lovely garret . simon thank you , melvin . you overwhelm I . melvin they do a nice job ... cozy , huh ? simon I love you . melvin look at he finally -- pretension fall . melvin I will tell you , buddy , I would be the luckiest guy alive if that do it for I . int . carol' apartment - night as Carol unpack , she give gift to she mother and Spencer . but clearly something gnaw at she psyche . int . melvine apartment - bedroom - night melvin 's two digital clock be two minute apart ... each around 1:55 a.m ... he sit in a chair still fully dress ... forlorn ... verdell in he lap . a beat then we hear Simon 's whisper voice . simon ( o.s. ) where be my big hairy boy ? melvin be alarmed . he stop breathe as he gay houseguest approach . simon ( o.s. ) verdell , sweety ? melvin breathes again . Simon enter the room . simon sorry , do not know you be awake . I just think verdell should not get too use to sleep in here ' cause then ... melvin look , we both want the dog -- and ... the phone ring ... they look at each other . melvin do not move . simon should I get it ? melvin nod . Simon walk into the next room ... several beat as he find the phone . we hear he pick it up and : simon ( o.s. ) hello . on simon simon ( into phone ) hello . it 's I . he take I in . do you know ? hold on , I will get he for you . he walk back to melvin 's room . int . melvin be room - night as he enter . simon it 's Carol . melvin be quickly out of he chair -- the dog in one mitt ... he thrust it at Simon . melvin here . take the dog . as he speed he out ... simon good luck . int . melvine apartment - live room - night as melvin pick up the phone ... he clear he throat loudly . follow be intercut between Carol and melvin -- the first such CUT show Carol blast by the throat clear . melvin hello . carol yeah ... well ... melvin ( very concerned ) how you do ? carol I can trust my brain . melvin that seem like a good choice . carol I do not know whether I be be sensible or hard on you . melvin the two might go together . carol see . there 's a example . I do not know whether you be be cute or crazy now . melvin ( what the hell ) cute . carol you do not have to answer everything I say . just listen to I . okay ? he nod he head , " yes . " carol it 's really something that you be look after Simon . and what I say on the street . that be a bad thing to say . and it make I sick to my stomach . it be a bad thing to say . and I would be lie if I do not say that I enjoy you company ... but the truth be you do bother I enormously and I know -- think -- that it 's best for I to not have contact with you because you be just not ready and you be a pretty old guy to not be ready ... and I be too old to ignore that . but there be extraordinary kindness that do take place . so thanks for the trip ... she 's just break up with he but she 's be nicer than ever . it 's hard to know whether to die or not . melvin okay to say something now ? carol go ahead . melvin I should have dance with you . carol okay . good-bye . melvin so long . Carol hang up . she feel strange . a shoe have not drop . oh , hell ... she miss he . int . melvine apartment - live room - night melvin walk in anxious circle in the live room . he be impatient . melvin you go to come talk to I or not ? simon I be come . we enter the room carry verdell who strain to be allow closer to melvin . Simon release he . simon what do she say ? melvin I be a great guy -- " extraordinary " ... ( before Simon can celebrate ) ... and she do not want contact with I . ( a beat ) I be die here . simon because ... ( gently ) ... you love she ? melvin ( sharply ) no ... and you be suppose to be sensitive and sharp . simon okay ... you tell I why -- ( mimic he ) " you be die here . " melvin I do not know ... let I sleep on it and figure it out . ( then ) because I be stick ! can not go back to what I have ... she 's evict I from my life . simon do you like it that much ? melvin ( furiously ) it be better than this ... look , you , I be very intelligent . if you be go to give I advice or conversation or consolation or hope , you get to be better than you be do . if you can not be at least momentarily interesting than shut the hell up . I be drown and you be describe water . simon ( get piss ) pick on I will not help . melvin well , if that 's true then I be really in trouble . simon but you know where you be lucky ? melvin absolutely not . simon you know who you want . I will take you seat any day . so do something ... do not sleep on it ... go over there . I do not think anybody should ever sleep on anything -- it 's not always good to let thing calm down . melvin hey ... I be charge here . but she might kill I for show up this late . simon then get in you jammy and I will read you a story ... I think you have get a chance . the only real enemy you have be she ability to think logically -- the best thing you have go for you be you willingness to humiliate yourself if it give you one chance in whatever -- so go catch she off - guard . melvin okay . thanks a lot . here I go . he move for the door ... stop suddenly , jolted . simon what 's wrong ? melvin I forget to lock the door . ext . carol' apartment build ( carol' neighborhood ) - night as he park . he exit the car -- now wary ... look at he watch ... hesitates ... walk reluctantly into the apartment house . int . carol' apartment build - vestibule - night as melvin look at Carol 's doorbell with great uncertainty . int . carol' apartment - night Carol in a cotton wrap -around dress / bathrobe ... sit directly in front of a fan ... the window open , read one of melvin 's book ... there be the briefest possible sound of a doorbell ... someone have jabbe she downstairs button ever so briefly -- so briefly that she 's not certain it 's she doorbell -- until the same brief sound repeated ... she walk to she wide open window and look over . her Pov the convertible at the curb . back to scene she hesitates -- int . carol' apartment build - vestibule - night as melvin give up and start out ... turn as the sudden blast of be buzzed into Carol 's life sound . he bolt for the door and enter . int . carol' apartment - night she open the door ... she hear the sound of melvin sounding heavily up the stair ... he reach she side . carol what do you want , melvin ? melvin be you asleep ? carol what do you want ? melvin ' Cause if you be asleep -- I be sorry . and you could be grouchy . carol grouchy ? melvin ... ' Cause of be wake up , and it would make my job impossible . so then I would not even try . carol what job ? melvin be you asleep ? carol what be you do here ? another angle beverly in the hallway look on -- back to scene melvin I be sorry I wake you -- some other time . he half turn to leave . carol I be not asleep !! melvin what a break ... carol ( lose it a bit ) be it a secret what you be do here ? melvin I have to see you ... carol because ... melvin it relax I ... I would feel better just sit on the curb in front of you house than anyplace else I can think of or imagine . Carol have not ever hear anything like that before ... it 's sort of sexy in its sincerity . another angle as we see in the b.g. that beverly , stand near she door down the hallway , have hear at least this last part ... melvin , of course , can not leave well enough alone ... melvin ( serious ) wait a minute , I be overstate here , maybe the inside stair . I do not want to sit with my foot in the gutter . what do that serve ? it only ... but suddenly Carl be shouting to the heaven . carol stop it !! why can not I have a normal boyfriend ??? why ? get out of here . just a regular boyfriend who do not go nut on I ... beverly ( but in ) everybody want that , dear -- it do not exit ... ( as Carol turn to she ) sorry ... do not mean to interrupt . she disappear into she room . Carol snort a laugh -- gather herself . a beat . melvin ( hopefully ) boyfriend ? carol oh , come on in and try not to ruin everything by be you . melvin maybe we could live without the wise crack . she look at he -- then : carol maybe we could ... melvin glance at the crack pattern of Carol 's kitchen linoleum and stall at the door . melvin it feel a little confine here . let 's take a walk . carol see . it 's four in the morning . a walk sound a little screwy to I , if you do not mind . melvin if you need a excuse , there 's a bakery on the corner . there 's a shot it will open soon -- that way we be not screwy -- we be just two people who like warm roll . carol okay . ext . STREET - near bakery - night they walk quietly -- melvin still walk with he usual attention to where he step . carol' Pov melvin walk -- and though we can see a improvement -- it be still decidedly strange as he conspicuously avoid step on the line . back to scene Carol sigh . it be the sound of possibility crash down . melvin look at she -- embarrassed , self - conscious -- he habit make he appear unworthy . carol ( gently ; almost lovingly ) I be sorry , melvin -- but whatever this be -- be not go to work . on melvin he take this hard . it force he to half - whisper something he have not at all say to himself ... give he history ... this be a extraordinary intimacy . melvin I be feel ... I have be feel better . carol melvin , even though it may seem that way now -- you do not know I all that well ... ( as he scoff ) I be not the answer for you . she start to turn . he tug at she arm . as she turn back to he . melvin hey , I have get a great compliment for you . carol you know what ? I ... melvin just let I talk . ( gather himself with uncertainty , then : ) I be the only one on the face of the earth who realize that you be the great woman on earth . I be the only one who appreciate how amazing you be in every single thing you do -- in every single think you have ... in how you be with Spencer -- Spence ... ( he have reach she ) ... in how you say what you mean and how you almost always mean something that 's all about be straight and good ... on carol she stand on the precipice of be transport away from the logic which have be she lifeline . melvin I think most people miss that about you and I watch wonder how they can watch you bring they food and clear they dish and never get that they have just meet the great woman alive ... and the fact that I get it make I feel great ... about I ! ( a real question fill with concern for she ) you get a real good reason to walk out on that ? that last question clearly a true question , not the least rhetorical -- she consider she answer , then : carol no ! it 's certainly not . no -- I do not think so . no . melvin ( tentatively ) I be gonna grab you . ( with conviction ) I do not mean it to be a question . I be gonna grab you . he kiss she . a awkward bomb of a kiss . they separate . a tense beat . then : melvin I know I can do better . they embrace again . he do indeed do much better . a first - class smooch . camera move down to see he foot land squarely on a crack in the sidewalk without he knowledge . they break -- look at each other without a notion of where to take it from here , and the almost in unison begin to walk away from camera , melvin follow a path that avoid crack . suddenly the light of the bakery turn on as it open for business . carol warm roll ... they walk to the bakery , melvin avoid the crack . as they enter the bakery , a worker move toward they to clean the entranceway . melvin , force to step back onto a crack , this time notice -- register the momentous fact and join Carol inside as we : fade out the end