" natural born killer " written by quentin tarantino int . coffee shop - day a coffee shop somewhere in New Mexico . mickey knox , he back turn to we , be sit at the counter finish he meal . we hear the ping ... bang ...of a pinball machine be play off screen . mabel , a waitress , come over and fill mickey 's coffee cup . mickey what kind of pie do you have ? mabel Apple , pecan , cherry , and key lime . mickey which do you recommend ? mabel the key lime be great , but it 's a acquire taste . mickey I have not have a key lime pie in ten year . mabel when ya have it , do ya like it ? mickey no , but that do not mean much . I be a completely different person ten year ago . let 's give key lime a day in court . and a large glass of milk . mabel turn to she right . mabel ( to someone o.s. ) should I make that two piece ? camera pull back and we see for the first time mallory knox , mickey 's wife , sit on a counter stool next to he . her back be to the camera as well . mallory nada , rosey . mabel ( annoyed ) my name 's not rosey . ( point at name tag ) it 's mabel . mabel exit frame . mallory whatever . mallory hop from the stool , walk over and grab the jar next to the cash register , then dump out the coin on the counter , she select a quarter . mabel hey , what the hell do you think you be doin ' ? mallory saunter past the cowboy play pinball . as he eye follow mallory , he lose he ball . she walk to the jukebox in the back , insert the quarter , select a song , punch the button , a needle land on a record , and a good God almighty rockabilly tune cut through the coffee shop . mabel bring mickey he pie and milk . mabel ( to mickey ) she ought not be do that . that 's for Jerry 's kid , not rock and roll . camera move around to a cu of mickey . this be the first time we see he . as he take a bite of green pie : mickey I can not take she anywhere . mallory start do a slow seductive fandango around the coffee shop . she 's really cooking and smoking . pinball cowboy and mabel be start to wonder just who the hell this people be . mickey be not pay much attention . he 's too busy enjoy he pie and milk . ext . coffee shop - day a dirty pickup truck , sport a confederate flag decal , pull up to the coffee shop . sonny , otis , and earl , three tough - look redneck , pile out . steam rise from beneath the pickup 's hood . earl goddamn this sumbitch be runnin ' hot . y'all go inside . I be gonna check 'er out . int . coffee shop - day the loudness of the rockabilly song slap sonny and otis in they face as they walk inside the door . the sexy sight of mallory do the ubang stomp stop they in they track . sonny good God almighty . what the hell be that ? otis that 's a bitch outta hell , son . otis and sonny exchange look . sonny take a run at 'er , kiddo . otis head toward mallory . sonny move over to the counter next to mickey . sonny Miller , mabel . mabel comin ' up . otis stand in front of mallory , try to copy what she 's do . her eye be close at the moment , so she do not see he . mabel set the Miller down in front of sonny . sonny take a swig , enjoy the floor show . sonny ( to mickey ) that 's some sweet piece of meat , be not it ? mickey turn from he pie and look at sonny . his expression betray nothing . mickey her name 's mallory . the needle lift off the record . the song end . mallory open she eye and see otis . otis hell bell ! do not stop now sugar . I be just get warm up . otis give she he best shit -eate grin before turn to sonny . sonny gurgle out a laugh . sonny hey , I think she 's sweet on you . otis turn to mallory as she punch he hard in the face spin he around . sonny spew he mouthful of highlife . mallory grab the back of otis ' head and smashes it down on the table , crack the linoleum . otis buckle , drop to he knee . sonny jump off the counter stool , but mickey 's hand clutches hold of he shoulder . sonny spin around toward mickey , load for bear , and point he finger at he , threateningly . before any threat can be make , mickey whip a large buck knife out from its sheath , and in a flash , slice off sonny 's finger . sonny 's finger drop on he boot . he grab he aching hand . blood flow from the wound . mickey just because my woman 's mop up the floor with you buddy be no reason for you to join in . mickey make five lightning quick slashing swing . the buck knife slip back into its sheath . at first , there seem to be no difference with sonny . finally , blood flow from the slice make in he face and chest . sonny collapse . the short -order cook charge out of the kitchen at mickey , wield a meat cleaver and scream . mickey whip out a .45 automatic from a shoulder holster inside he jacket and fire . bullet' Pov : head fast toward short - order cook 's face . it hit . short - order cook put he hand to he face and fall to the ground , scream . mickey spot Earl , who 's stand outside the plate glass window . Earl 's watch the whole shebang . Earl mouth ' fuck ! ' he turn and run for it . mickey hurl the knife through the plate glass window , which shatter . the knife plunge deep into earl back . he hit the ground dead . mickey turn to mallory . she 's sit on op of otis , slamming he head repeatedly on the floor . mickey honey . mallory look up at mickey . she get off otis and move to mickey 's side . mickey train he .45 on pinball cowboy , who 's shaking in he cowboy boot . mickey aim at mabel , who 's clutching the coffee pot , cry . mickey ( to mallory ) pick one . mallory do eanie , meanie , minie , moe , point back and forth from mabel to pinball cowboy . mallory eanie , meanie , minie , moe , catch a nigger by the tow . if he holler , let he go . eanie , meanie , minie , moe . my mom tell I to pick the best one and you be it . she end , point at mabel . mabel 's cry . she scream . mabel no ! mickey fire the .45 . the bullet chink through the coffee pot mabel 's hold and explode , thunking she in the chest . she hit the floor dead . mickey and mallory join hand and walk over to the pinball cowboy who stand in a pool of he own urine . mallory when you tell people what go on here , tell them mickey and mallory knox do this . understand ? pinball cowboy nod yes . the two killer plant a big wet kiss on each other 's mouth . then , hold hand , mickey and mallory walk out of the cafe . credit sequence : int . coupe do ville - moving - day mickey and mallory in a flashy ' 68 cadillac coupe De ville . duane eddy 's ' rebel rouser ' blare on the soundtrack . the b.g. be a outrageous process shot . the title splash over this image 50' style . when this sequence be over , we CUT to black . end credit sequence over black screen , we hear : captain squeri send scagnetti in here . int . police station ( squeri be office ) - day camera be position in the middle of the office . the door be in the middle of the frame . jack scagnetti fling the door open and step inside squeri 's office . squeri 's never see . scagnetti you want to see I , capt and ? captain squeri ( o.s. ) scagnetti , go up to interrogation room c. dewight mcclusky , chairman of the prison board , be wait to meet you . you be gonna deliver two prisoner from the county jail to nystrom insane asylum in bakersfield . scagnetti this be bullshit . I be a detective . you want a errand boy , call Jerry Lewis . scagnetti spin around and leave the room , slamming the door shut behind he . Captain squeri shout after he . captain squeri ( o.s. ) Jack ! int . police station corridor - day Police detective scagnetti walk rapidly down the hallway , wear a old , wrinkly , black suit jacket . people walk by in the f.g. and b.g. scagnetti slip a already tie tie over he head . int . interrogation room C - day dewight mcclusky , a man in he fifty , wear a business suit , stand in the f.g. read a book with he back to the door . in the b.g. , scagnetti enter the room . scagnetti Jack scagnetti . you want to see I ? mcclusky turn toward scagnetti . mcclusky congratulation on the curtis Fox case , scagnetti . you put a end to a nightmare . the lady of this city can get to sleep again , and they have you to thank . scagnetti thank you , sir . mcclusky dewight mcclusky of the California prison board . take a seat please . scagnetti lower into a chair in front of the interrogation table . mcclusky ( refer to book ) this be damn good read . I be surprised Hollywood have not find you . this would make a better movie than that ' serpico ' shit . mcclusky put the book down , we see the title : ' curtis fox : the capture and death of a serial killer ' . author : Jack scagnetti . mcclusky sit on the edge of the table , face scagnetti . he lift a file off the table , then toss it in scagnetti 's lap . mcclusky I think you will find that good read as well . mickey and mallory 's file . you familiar with they ? scagnetti open it . it 's the file , report , and photograph of mickey and mallory knox . scagnetti 's face light up . scagnetti who be not ? mcclusky you be followin' the news coverage ? scagnetti they have be separate since they incarceration in a couple of penitentiary --- mcclusky susanville , soledade . scagnetti they have kill a shitload of inmate and guard --- mcclusky five inmate , eight guard and one psychiatrist all in one year 's time ... very good . you do keep up with the headline . scagnetti nod . mcclusky look , we situation in a nutshell be , no prison want them , no prison will take them . I be even talkin ' hellhole , where the warden 's as hard as a bar of iron . no one want that fuckin ' asshole behind they wall , dealin ' with them day in , day out . scagnetti I can appreciate that . mcclusky so can we . so the solution to we little problem be we have they deem crazy . and we be shippin' them to nystrom asylum for the criminally insane . scagnetti lobotomy Bay ? mcclusky you have hear of it ? scagnetti so , how do I fit into this scheme ? mcclusky the public love you Jack ... you do not mind if I call you Jack , do you ? scagnetti by all mean . mcclusky you be a celebrate cop . twenty - six year on the force , a best - seller out on paperback ... mcclusky grab scagnetti 's book and read from the back cover . mcclusky a modern day Pat garret . a hell bent lawman with a deadly axe to grind with maniac . mcclusky lower the book . mcclusky you be a breathe icon of justice and that 's why you be choose to deliver Mr. and Mrs. knox . we , the prison board we , know that once you get they on the road if anything should happen , a escape attempt , a accident , fire , anything ... Jack ' supercop ' scagnetti would be there to look out for he public 's best interest . scagnetti I see . mcclusky you write the script Jack , call it , ' showdown in mojave : the extermination of mickey and mallory ' , whatever ... have we find we man ? hold on scagnetti . CUT to : int . county jail - cell block corridor - day scagnetti be Pov : mcclusky stand next to a big iron door . he bang on it with be fist . we stay on scagnetti 's Pov through this scene . mcclusky Pete , open it up ! I be comin ' through with a visitor ! a buzzer sound mcclusky open the door and we follow he down the corridor . as soon as the door open , we can hear a female voice sing the song ' Long time woma n ' . mcclusky turn to scagnetti as they walk . mcclusky well , Jack , I will tell ya , in all my year with the penal institution , and I will tell ya that 's no small number , mickey and mallory knox be without a doubt the most twisted , deprave group of fuck it 's ever be my displeasure to lay my eye on . I mean , that two rat shit be a walkin ' reminder of just how fuck up we system really be . the song ' Long time woman ' be get louder as they proceed . scagnetti ( o.s. ) who 's the song bird ? mcclusky mickey 's better half herself . mallory knox . this little lady drown she father in a fish tank . insert : int . a live room - night cu of a home aquarium with fish swim around . suddenly mallory 's father be head be shove into the tank . back to : prison corridor mcclusky while the two together burn she mother alive in she bed . insert : int . a bedroom - night medium cu of mallory 's mother lie asleep in bed , mouth open . what look like a gas nozzle appear at the top of the frame , pour gasoline all over she face . she cough and gag . camera pan up and we see mickey hold a gas can . cu of mallory with a light match by she face . she toss it in front of she . we hear the sound of mallory 's mother ignite . back to : prison corridor still scagnetti's Pov : scagnetti ( o.s. ) why ? mcclusky 's still walk ahead of we . mcclusky because they would not give they they bless for marriage . scagnetti ( o.s. ) ai not love grand . mcclusky laugh . mcclusky ai not love grand . that 's a good one . still scagnetti's Pov : we look down from mcclusky to mallory 's file in we hand . it contain she picture and list she color of hair , color of eye , height , weight , race , etc . beneath that be a column which read : psychiatric remark . as we read the remark , we hear a doctor' voice read aloud . female psychiatrist ( v.o. ) when press about the reason for the murder ... patient become hostile ... insert : int . a psychiatrist's office - day look trashy , wild , and animalistic , mallory 's a sex machine dress in a prison gown . she sit in a chair , look directly at the camera . mallory I do not owe you a explanation ! I do not owe you shit ! I be not here for you entertainment . if I do not tell you what you wanna hear , what be you gonna do ? throw I in jail ? I be already there , you stupid pigfucker . you gonna give I some more time ? I have already get life . what else you get to threaten I with ? death ? I would like to see you fuckin ' try . I have not meet one motherfucker here who 's show I shit ! back to death row corridor : still on scagnetti's Pov : we look up from the fill and see mcclusky 's lean against a cell door . we hear somebody signing ' Long time woman ' inside the cell . we move to mcclusky , who look into the camera , gesture toward the cell . mcclusky here she be ... you know she , you love she , you can not live without she ... mallory knox . we pan from mcclusky to the inside of the cell where we see mallory , she back to we , sing and dance . int . prison ( mallory knox be cell ) - day cu of mallory 's face sing ' Long time woman ' . mallory ( sing ) 99 year be a long , long time . look at I , I will never be free , I be a long time woman ... mcclusky ( o.s. ) hey , knox ! somebody out here want to meet you . mallory just keep on truckin' . mallory ( sing ) be workin ' on the road now . be workin ' by the sea . be workin ' in the cane field . and I wanna be free ... mallory Pov : we stare at mcclusky and scagnetti for a second . then , like a bull , we charge / dolly straight at they . mallory scream o.s. we smash headfirst into the bar . mallory 's Pov fling up , look at the ceiling , then fall backward . medium tight shot of floor , mallory fall into frame , out cold . cu on scagnetti through the cell bar . scagnetti Jesus Christ ! camera pan over to cu on mcclusky . mcclusky do not worry about it . she do that all the time . back to : mallory on the floor , still unconscious with blood trickle down she scalp . mcclusky ( o.s. ) follow I . int . prison ( long corridor ) - day camera be at the end of a long corridor . mcclusky and scagnetti approach from the other end . scagnetti 's study the file . phil wurlitzer come up behind the two man . wurlitzer you duckin ' I dewight ? mcclusky hey , phil , how the hell be ya ? wurlitzer ( to scagnetti ) this son of a bitch be chairman of the prison board , but it 's like pullin ' tooth to get he down to a prison . mcclusky the only reason I be here now be to set he straight , and I be on the next flight out . ( to scagnetti ) Jack , this be the superintendent of the jail . phil wurlitzer . he 's the man who 's get the power of the pen here . wurlitzer shake hand with scagnetti . wurlitzer please to meet ya , Jack . I read you book . I be impressed . good work on curtis Fox . scagnetti thanks . mcclusky from now on , you will be dealin ' with phil . he can answer all the question you get about the arrangement . I be gonna be bid you good luck and adieu in about twenty minute . my flight back to Sacramento leave lax in a hour . wurlitzer and I want you to know , we will all cry a river when you be go . they all laugh . scagnetti what 's the travel arrangement ? wurlitzer well , mickey and mallory can not be together . so , we will put you on one of we prison buss and you will take mallory first , then you will come back for mickey . scagnetti and where do you keep mickey ? wurlitzer we get he stinkin ' ass in the deep , darkest cell in the whole place . but it just so happen that right now he 's get a special visitor . scagnetti who ? wurlitzer Wayne gayle . scagnetti ( surprised ) Wayne gayle ! int . jail - visiting area - day wayne gayle , a young , energetic , commando journalist a 'la geraldo rivera be sit on the visitor side of the county jail visit area . Wayne be alone and the visit area be empty . apparently some arrangement be make for the visit . Wayne have a miniature tape recorder in he hand and be testing it . wayne ( into recorder ) test one ...two ... three ... testing ...one ... three ...over , over , over , mickey knox meeting . Wayne shut off the recorder , rewind and play it back . it work beautifully . he hit the record button and conceal the recorder in he sport coat jacket . the door open on the prisoner side and mickey knox be lead into the room by two sheriff' deputy . mickey 's wear the country jail blue jump -suit . he have a thick and wide leather belt around he waist with a metal ring build into each side . Long sturdy chain with handcuffs on each end be wrap across he body and through the ring , bind he arm to he side . his hand and foot be double cuffed . the deputy both have they gun draw , ready to blow mickey in half at the slight provocation . for a man wrap and bound in chain , mickey seem strangely in control of he environment . even restrain as he be by the symbol of society ( the chain , jail , guard , gun , jump - suit ) , he remain a dangerous , intimidating , and fascinating figure . Wayne take in the image of mickey . wayne ( to himself ) showtime . mickey 's roughly shove into he seat on the prisoner 's side of the glass . the deputy move to they place , off to the side by the wall . wayne hello mickey . we have never be introduce , but I be Wayne gayle . I do not know if you have ever hear of I or remember I . I be one of the reporter outside the courthouse during you trial - -- mickey everybody know who you be . you be famous . Wayne pause and retort . wayne I could say the same thing about you . ( smile ) I want to thank you very much for see I ... mickey be silent . wayne I have a television show . it 's very popular . every week we do a profile on a different serial killer . you do not mind if I call you a serial killer , do you ? mickey shake he head no . wayne the episode we do on mickey and mallory be one of we most popular one . mickey do you ever do one on Wayne gacy ? wayne yes . mickey whose rating be higher ? wayne your . mickey how ' bout Ted Bundy ? ever do one on he ? wayne yes . your get the larger nielson share . mickey good ... yuppie piece of shit . wayne what I would like to do --- mickey how ' bout Manson ? wayne Manson beat you . mickey yeah , it 's pretty hard to beat the king . wayne we have be wait to do a follow up episode on you for a long time . and that time have definitely come . ( pause ) I feel it 's apparent to anyone who 's hip to what 's go on that the prison board have throw the constitution straight out the fuckin ' window . you and mallory may be killer , but you be not insane . you belong in a prison , not in a asylum . the prison board be blatantly railroad you into a hospital for the sole purpose of turn you into vegetable . now some people be say , ' so what ? ' I be not one of that people . if we avert we eye while they do this to you , we give they permission to do it again whenever they see fit . today they wipe clean you mind because they feel you action be dangerous , tomorrow they wipe clean my mind because they feel what I say be dangerous . where do it all stop ? no response from mickey . wayne my problem mickey , be that you do not exactly inspire empathy . I be all alone on this . I need you help . I want what the prison board be do to be the focus of we follow up episode . now I have interview with chairman of the prison board dewight mcclusky about this issue . and I be tellin ' ya , mickey , he look bad . the two psychologist they use for they psychiatric kangaroo court will not talk to we , which always look bad . I have a interview with both the judge of you trial , bert steinsma , and the psychologist and author , emil reinghold , both of which discount the notion that you be insane . you put that all together , and what the state be do become obvious . but the network be not satisfied . they feel the show need another element . it need you . in order to put the show on the air , I need to get a interview with you . you have not talk to the press since you trial . now , a few day before you get transfer to a asylum , you grant a interview on television with Wayne gayle . we be talkin ' a media event here . every son of a bitch out the with a tv set 's gonna tune in to see that . we will make they motive so blatant , we will shame them into drop the whole thing . at least for a little while , the publicity would keep they from just give you and mallory lobotomy . well , whatta ya say ? mickey have you talk to mallory about this ? wayne she will not even see I , mickey . now you be not suppose to know anything about what 's go on with she , but I be gonna tell ya somethin' . since you two have be sentence , mallory have not speak one word . mickey she do not talk ? wayne not to anybody . she sing . mickey she sing ? what do she sing ? wayne song . ' he 's a rebel ' , ' leader of the pack ' , ' town without pity ' , that dusty Springfield song ' I only want to be with you ' . that 's what I hear anyway . her behaviour be the main thing the doctor ' report use against you . so even if she would see I , which she will not , I could not put she on camera anyway . if I ask she , ' mallory , be you insane ? ' and she start sing ' Dead skunk in the Middle of the Road ' , that blow we whole case . mickey crack a smile . the guard come over to take he away . deputy sheriff ( o.s. ) time , motherfucker ! they grab mickey , and jerk he from the chair . Wayne stand . wayne wait a minute , mickey , I need a answer . mickey do not respond . he just leave with the guard . wayne ( yell after he ) just think about it . but do not think too long . int . mickey' cell - day medium cu of mickey curl up by he bed , write mallory a letter . mickey ( v.o. ) dearest mallory . my cell be so cold . at night I get the chill . I pretend you be lie next to I , hold I from behind with you leg drape over mine and you arm wrap tightly around I . I lie in my cell ... dissolve to : wide shot in cell behind mickey . we slowly dolly back . mickey ( v.o. ) ... and imagine kissing you . not make love , just kissing for hour and hour on end . I remember everything about we time . I remember every joke you ever tell . cu of the letter be write over the wide shot . mickey ( v.o. ) I remember every secret you ever share . share or reveal ? I think share be proper . I remember every single time you laugh . ecu of mickey , mouth the word as he write , we can hear mallory 's laugh - a distant haunt echo . mickey I remember every meal we ever eat . I remember you cooking . I especially remember you casserole . I remember watch David letterman . we hear the echo of television laughter . mickey I remember drive fast ... faster , man , fast behind the wheel of the coupe de ville . the sound of the coupe de ville swell until we ... CUT to : ext . coupe do ville - night camera sit on the hood look down at mickey and mallory , drive fast -- slow motion . a hurricane of wind whip through they hair . mallory laugh wildly as she wrap she arm around mickey and kiss . mickey ( v.o. ) you , baby , by my side . you bare foot up on the dash , sing along with the radio ' Needles and pin ' , ' he 's a rebel ' , ' you be my World ' , ' Ring of Fire ' , ' Love grow where my Rosemary go ' , ' groove I ' ... dissolve to : ext . coupe do ville - night coupe de ville park on the road side . mickey be in the driver seat with he foot on the dash watch mallory dance on the hood of the car . mickey ( v.o. ) and you dance , my God , you dance . I lie on my bed and go over every day , every minute of we happiness . every day take a day of we time and go through it hour by hour . I do not jump ahead either . I take it as it come , and I live that day again . that way when I get to we first kiss ... dissolve to : int . a bedroom - night the screen erupt with fire . mickey and mallory 's face appear in the flame kissing passionately . mickey ( v.o. ) the kill of you parent , we wedding ... they be not just memory . I feel that joy again ... dissolve to : int . restaurant - day medium cu of Wayne hold a piece of paper in front of he face and read from it out loud . we hear Wayne 's voice over mallory 's sing before the last scene dissolves . wayne ( read out loud ) ' after take a few day to reflect on you offer , I have come to the conclusion that you be one hundred percent correct . a national tv interview would be very advantageous to both mallory and I . the only obstacle be they be shipping I out to the funny farm in four day . however , that be you problem and not mine . I feel confident you will manage . here 's to we make television history . sincerely , mickey knox . ' Wayne drop the letter down from in front of he face . wayne be I a God or what ? we now see the restaurant adorn with the standard denny 's decorum . Wayne 's team be gather in a booth that surround the remain of a greasy meal . in response to he last remark , they all pretend they be praying to he . the team consist of scott , the cameraman , who wear wild t-shirt ( presently a t-shirt with the movie ' she devil on wheel ' splash on the front ) ; roger , the soundman , who wear wild Hawaiian shirt and bermuda short ; and unruly julie , Wayne 's assistant , a young lady who wear bermuda short , a baseball jersey , and a dark sport coat no matter how hot the weather be at any time . Roger 's never see without he recorder , Scott 's never without he camera , and unruly Julie always have she giant notebook . this dishevel film type be all in they twenty and be a mark contrast to Wayne 's stylish yuppie demeanour . unruly Julie pop the cork on a champagne bottle . the guy hold out coffee mug , while Julie fill . Julie , however drink straight from the bottle . note : this scene be to be play at a rapid fire ' his girl Friday ' pace . wayne drink up ! this be a celebration . this be the day we receive word we be gonna make television history . we be gonna have the first sit down , in depth interview with the most charismatic serial killer ever , one day before he 's be ship to a mental hospital for the rest of he life . this be one of that golden moment that happen maybe only four time in a lucky journalist 's career . this be wallace with noriega , this be elton John confess he bi-sexuality to the Rolling Stone , this be the tearful report of the hindenberg disaster , this be Truffaut set the record straight on hitchcock , this be a Robert capa photo , this be woodward and bernstien meeting deep Throat in a underground parking lot , this be John reid report ' the ten day that shook the World ' , this be the hippie ' bloody palm at Kent State , the maysle brother at altamont , this be the Nixon / frost interview ... roger this be Raymond burr witness the destruction of Tokyo by godzilla . everybody laugh . scott what 's the schedule , mein fuehre ? as Wayne talk , unruly Julie write furiously in she notebook . she never speak , just write . wayne we get tonight and tomorrow to get we shit together . the day after that they be shippin' mallory . that 's when we do the mickey knox interview , ' cause the next day he go . scott would the network really not run it without the interview ? wayne be you kid ? the last thing they expect be mickey knox to get up close and personal . they want a follow up episode and would have take anything I have give they . I be not gonna tell mickey knox that . I be gonna make he think he grey matter depend on it . when I tell Woody and the brass about this coup , they practically shit a brick . I be talkin ' a adobe brick . they want to expand the show to a hour , and they want it on immediately . roger how immediate be immediately ? wayne next week 's episode . Wayne 's team all spit out mouthful of champagne . roger we do not get enough footage for a hour follow up . scott ( point at Roger ) what he say . wayne rape and pillage the first episode , just change the order a bit . that son of bitch out there be not gonna know the difference . all that shit be just filler for the interview anyway . we film a new intro . show some old footage from the first episode so the get a brief history of mickey and mallory . we introduce a new angle ... what the prison board be up to . we see some of that new shit , then the rest of the show be the interview . now what 's so fuckin ' hard about that ? oh , Julie make a note : I need Woody to get I thirty second of the ' live at five ' broadcast to promote next week show . we will do a feed right from the jail while we be wrapping up with mickey . unruly Julie scribbles in she notebook . Wayne snap at Scott . wayne you too Scott , betacam and a remote , keep it simple . Scott close he eye in concentration , and repeat Wayne . scott betacam with remote and two - way comm link . get it . ( open eye ) how about the interview ... what camera do you want to use ? Wayne close he eye . wayne I see ... high contrast sixteen millimetre black and white , and I mean black and white , where the black 's black and the white 's white . this be for posterity , so fuck video . Film ! Film ! Film ! Wayne pound on the table . cu of unruly Julie write in she notebook : ' Film ...film ... film !' wayne so unruly Julie 's comin ' with I and plan the interview . ( point at Roger &amp ; Scott ) you two go down to the editing bay , take the old footage and the new footage , put it together , and see what we get . get it into shape so when we finish the interview , we can just stick it in . scott when do you want the assembly ? wayne tomorrow . CUT to : title card : ' tomorrow ' CUT to : int . tv station corridor - day camera lead Wayne , who 's talk to unruly Julie . as they march quickly through the hall Julie write furiously in she notebook . wayne at that point I will ask he if he believe in God . if he say yes , I will ask he what he think God would make of he action . and be he worried about burn in hell ? if he say no , I will say , ' well , mickey , what do you believe in ? ' and hopefully he will say something like a live round of ammo , the expression on the face of a man he just split up the middle , mallory 's eye , sex , drug , and rock and roll . he 's bound to say something provocative . Wayne and unruly Julie enter the video editing room . Scott and Roger be sit at the editing bay . everybody be wear , and look like they sleep in , the same clothes as the night before , except Wayne , who 's in another sweater and look alert and snappy . wayne okay , boy , let 's have it . scott well , basically , what we do be put part of the old show on first ... roger but we change the order around so it be not super obvious ... scott then we add the new shit to the tail ... roger so we film the interview , and we can just slap it on at the end . Wayne and unruly Julie grab chair and sit . wayne okay , let 's see it . cu of video monitor screen . we see a show rewind . roger ( o.s. ) now we get to film a new intro for the follow up episode . but we put the intro for the first episode at the beginning temporarily so you can see it with some scope . wayne ( v.o. ) I hear ya . play . cu of Roger 's hand press a play button . CUT to : static . then the open slate for ' american maniac ' fill the screen . begin : highway - day ext . highway - day wayne gayle be stand in the middle of a empty highway . the camera look up from the ground . with a wide angle lens , he look practically mythic . Wayne speak into the camera . wayne hello. welcome to ' american maniac ' . I be you host Wayne gayle . and this be highway 58 . Wayne walk toward the camera . we dolly back . wayne to some the fastest distance between point a and point B . to other a beautiful stretch to the american landscape . but to mickey and mallory knox , it be a candy land of murder and mayhem . while we hear Wayne 's narration , we see a montage of home 8 mm movie footage . this be film of mickey and mallory live a normal life . home movie - mickey shaking hand with the judge who marry they . mallory stand happily by mickey 's side . home movie - mallory ham up the sex angle , as she pose by Bob 's Big Boy . home movie - mallory sit on mickey 's lap at home . home movie - cu of mallory asleep in bed . mickey ( hold camera ) tickle she under she chin . mallory slap herself in the face with a handful of shave cream . home movie - mickey and mallory pose with Santa Claus . home movie - mickey be surprised in the toilet . wayne ( v.o. ) after live a very routine , drab , nothing out - of - the-ordinary - ever - happen kind of life , the sweetheart shocked the entire nation with a cross - country crime and murder spree that last only three week , but leave --- photo : black &amp ; white photo of bloody victim -- men and women . photo : black &amp ; white photo of a bloodstain police chalk outline . wayne ( v.o . ) --- forty - eight know body in its wake . include --- home move footage of mallory and she parent during happier time . all three be smile . mallory 's in the middle with she arm around they . mallory 's father be eat a chicken drumstick . mallory take a bite out of it while he 's hold it . wayne ( v.o . ) --- mallory 's very own parent . photo : color postcard of Los Angeles . wayne ( v.o. ) they start they crime wave in Los Angeles . Wayne gayle stand in front of a Circle k convenience store . he speak to we . wayne and they be finally apprehend here at this Circle k in St. Paul , Minnesota . CUT to : ext . circle k - day this sequence be film in 16mm color , cinema verite a 'la ' cop . ' the camera run behind three blue windbreaker clad cop , as they run up to the Circle k , shouting obscenity . in front of the store three windbreaker cop have mickey on the ground , beat he with nightstick . one cop lie on the ground near they , hold he hand over he face , scream . to the leave mallory be slugging it out with a windbreaker cop , match each other blow for blow . meanwhile , the three cop we run with reach the action and join in . CUT to : montage newspaper -- newspaper or magazine color ad for a 7 / 11 store . newspaper -- newspaper or magazine color ad for a gas station . wayne ( v.o. ) they start off robbing 7/11 type store and gas station and later graduate to bank and the big time . ext . suburban STREET - day Wayne gayle walk down the street . the camera walk with he . he speak into the camera . wayne mickey and mallory 's idea of a armed robbery be a little different than most . it be a assault , actually . ext . 7/11 store - day Wayne interview bishop , a young blonde kid with a ' flock of Sea gull ' haircut . Bishop 's name appear on the screen . bishop well . I know that mickey and mallory kill everybody when they be through , except for one clerk . there be a couple of people in the store then , and I be work with stevo . and I like stevo , you know ? but I be think , what could I do to make they pick I to be the clerk that get to live ? int . 7/11 store - day this scene be shot through the store' black &amp ; white video surveillance camera . the date and time of day be burn into the edge of the frame . mickey and mallory charge into a 7 /11 store , cock they shotgun and shouting thing . mickey shoot a customer who lie on the ground scream . mallory blast a female customer who lie on the ground scream . mickey point he shotgun at Bishop the store clerk and scream : mickey money ! money ! money ! fast ! fast ! faster ! faster ! faster than that ! Bishop stuff money in a bag as mallory guard the door , shotgun ready . stevo , the other store clerk , walk in from the back room carry box and wear a walkman . mickey and mallory spin around and shoot he . as all this mayhem happen before we disbely eye , Wayne 's narration happen over it . wayne ( v.o. ) they would storm in with shotgun , and kill every customer in the place right off the bat . CUT to : smiling photo of other victims . we CUT from each photo to the next photo after shotgun FIRE . ext . bleacher - day Wayne gayle sit on football bleacher . he stare into the camera for a few beat . then , after he dramatic silence , he talk . wayne sick , be not it ? ( mournful pause ) after kill numerous people , the would always leave one clerk alive . one clerk ... to give they the money , and tell the tale of --- photo : black &amp ; white snapshot of mickey and mallory stand next to each other , gun in hand , smile for the camera . wayne ( v.o. ) mickey and mallory . photo : Police Academy black &amp ; white snapshot of officer gerald nash . wayne ( v.o. ) patrolman Gerald nash be just one of the twelve peace officer that mickey and mallory murder during they reign of terror . photo : black &amp ; white photo of Gerald nash and he partner dale wrigley , dress in they uniform , arm around each other . wayne ( v.o. ) Gerald and he partner Dale wrigley be park at ... photo : black &amp ; white snapshot of donut shop . wayne ( v.o. ) ... this do nut shop , alfie 's donut . when --- interview with Dale wrigley . Dale 's name appear below he on the screen . dale this ' 68 cadillac coupe De ville pull up about three space away . Gerald come walk out with we coffee and --- ( begin to tear up ) my bear claw . when the driver of the car ask he something , Gerald start give he what look like street direction . when he finish , the driver wave he ' thanks , ' bring up a shotgun and --- photo : black &amp ; white of do nut shop . wider photo : alfie 's donut and parking lot . on this photo , a white grease pencil circle where Gerald be shot . we hear a shotgun blast and a scream over this . photo : black &amp ; white of mickey and mallory . we hear laughter and a car peeling out over this . ext . bleacher - day Wayne talk to we . wayne apparently bored with banditry and murder , the two outlaw prove what renaissance psychopath they really be . to break up the monotony in between bank job , or what have you , they start butcher whole household at random . CUT to : montage of newspaper front page storey and headline of family household butcher by the knox . int . wayne's studio - day Wayne , dress in a pink shirt and suspender , talk to we in front of a blue screen that have ' wayne gayle' american maniac ' logo behind he . wayne unfortunately , the story do not end with they capture . it just become more surreal . they subsequent trial turn into a sick circus ... CUT to : ext . courthouse - day the camera capture the crowd in front of the courthouse . they be a very mix lot . wayne ( v.o. ) ... as spectator , reporter , law student , tourist , gawker , the interested , the curious , the devote , and the dement be draw to the Los Angeles county courthouse like moth to a flame . int . wayne's studio - day Wayne talk to we . wayne the mickey and mallory knox murder trial be so event fill it make the crime spree that take place before pale by comparison . the first point be the decision of mickey 's to act as he own council . now this in itself be not unheard of , for instance , Ted Bundy act as he own council as well . what be unexpected be how well mickey 's performance would be . int . judge's den - day Wayne interview judge burt steinsma in he de at home . wayne ( v.o. ) we speak with burt steinsma , who be the preside judge during the knox trial . judge steinsma mickey be surprisingly effective . when I be tell I be to be the judge of this trial and then I be tell mickey knox would be handle he own defence , I get a headache that last five day . but at first I breathe a sigh of relief . mickey show up very prepare , and prove to be a excellent amateur lawyer . int . wanda bisbing be office - day interview with state prosecutor wanda bisbing , a attractive woman in she forty . wayne ( v.o. ) however , this opinion be not share by the state 's prosecutor on this case , wanda bisb . Wayne 's with bisb . wayne judge steinsma say that mickey show up very prepare and prove to be a excellent amateur attorney . bisbing oh , that 's rich . well , consider that mickey knox turn he court into a mockery and personally make he look like a fool , I would say that 's very benevolent of judge steinsma . as far as mickey be a excellent amateur lawyer , maybe I be old fashioned , but when I go to law school , we be teach the object be to win the case , which I do . int . wayne's studio - day Wayne talk to we . wayne the nation catch fire to mickey and mallory fever , mickey and mallory mania , if you will , as the merit to mickey 's talent as a defence attorney become apparent . Law student from all end of the country converge on Los Angeles as legal history take a new course . but that be only the lemon next to the pie . and that pie be you , the american people . that pie be the way the strangely charismatic , and make no mistake , they be charismatic , mickey and mallory have capture the public 's interest , fear , and in some case , admiration . CUT to : ext . courthouse step - day Wayne interview three long-haire guy : chuck , steve , and jeff . wayne what do you think of mickey and mallory ? chuck hot . jeff hot . steve totally hot . chuck mickey and mallory 's the best thing to happen to mass murder since Manson . steve forty -eight people know . they be way cooler than Manson . CUT to : Wayne interview morgan and page , two young girl . wayne what do you think of mickey and mallory ? morgan well , he 's just ... I dunno ... charismatic . page they be so romantic . CUT to : Wayne interview a intense cop . intense cop I be here to watch the judge give that two shit ass ( bleep ) the stiffest sentence the law allow . I want to see they face when the state say ' they be the worst scum suck , degenerate , douche bag , filthy , I do not know what 's ever shit ( bleep ) out . ( refer to crowd behind he ) and this asshole ( bleep ) be make heroes outta sickos . you wanna know who a hero be ? you wanna know ? I will tell ya who a goddamn hero be . Mike griffin . Mike fuckin ' ( bleep ) griffin be who this misguide asshole ( bleep ) should be revering . you know why Mike Jerome griffin be a hero ? I will tell ya why . because he be kill in the line of duty . do you want to know how he die ? wayne yes . intense cop I will tell you . Mike Jerome griffin be kill in the line of duty by that two anti-hero . CUT to : Wayne interview russell vossler , Harvard law student . wayne tell I , Mr. vossler , how many day of the trial have you attend ? russell ahhh yess , I have be fortunate enough to attend two day . Law history in the make . I have be a participant . wayne and you be a Harvard law student , what be you opinion of mickey knox 's performance ? russell ahhh , mickey 's pistolero savvy in the courtroom trial rival , dare I say conquer that of master melvin belli . he 's like a magnificent loose cannon , fire point blank in the prosecutor 's face . it be my anticipation --- back to : the long-haire guy , Chuck , Jeff &amp ; Steve as Wayne speak . wayne you be talk about a man and a woman who kill innocent people . steve do not get we wrong ... chuck we respect human life a ' all . jeff it 's a tragedy . steve but ... if I be a serial killer , which I be not , but if I be , I would be like mickey . CUT to : Wayne talk with marvin , a black man . marvin they be like that crazy mother in the first dirty Harry movie . member that crazy ass mother ? they be like he . mickey and mallory be doin ' some cold - blooded shit . when I hear about some of the shit they be doin ' on tv , I say ' damn , that 's fuck ( bleep ) up . ' back to : the two young girl , Morgan &amp ; page as Wayne speak . page ( laugh and blush ) we sit in the courtroom all day and try to catch mickey 's eye . CUT to : int . gold be gym - day Wayne 's sit in the gym . behind he muscle men be work out . they grunting sound fill the background . Wayne look up and just off camera to the people he 's interview . wayne what do you think of mickey and mallory ? ecu on simon and norman hun , two brother / bodybuilder , in a head shot . simon I admire they . norman I do , too . wayne ( confuse ) but how can you say that ? simon they be mesmerise . norman hypnotize . simon have you see ' pump Iron ? ' wayne yes . norman then you have see the scene where Arnold schwartzenegger be talk to Lou ferigno . wayne yes . simon through the power of the simple word --- norman and a snake - eye glare . simon --- and a snake - eye glare , Arnold be able to totally psyche out any confidence ferigno have . norman he squash he mentally before physically defeat he . simon he have the edge . the mind 's edge . norman mickey and mallory have that edge . simon only on a much grander scale . norman they have hypnotize the nation . simon schwartzenegger be the king of the edge before they come along . the cu of the brother zoom back . wayne you say this and yet ... you two be both victim of mickey and mallory . shot have zoom back to reveal that both Simon and norman be in wheelchair ( they leg maim or go ) . simon yes . norman yes . wayne how can you say that you ' admire ' they ? norman it 's like this , Wayne . two people be stand in a dark room wait for the other to attack . this two people can not see each other , yet they know they be there . now , they can either stand in the dark room forever wait until they die of boredom , or one of they can make the first move . wayne why can not they just shake hand and be friend ? norman they can not because neither know if the other be a derange senseless killer like the knox . so , you may as well make the first move . wayne and they make the first move ? norman unfortunately , yes . simon but you see , that 's okay , Wayne . wayne why ? simon they pass the ' edge ' along to we . wayne how so ? simon by take away we leg . now we have to fight harder to get ahead than anyone else you will find in this gym . probably the whole city . they give we the fight spirit . before this happen I be content . now I be piss off . now I be half a man and I have get to work like the devil to get whole again . wayne but you will never be whole again . simon never be a very long time , Wayne . a word only the weak use . I be not a sore loser . even if I do not have a leg to stand on , I be go to get up and fight this world until I be on top again . norman that 's the mickey and mallory way . simon that 's the way of the world . norman they be shocking the world into remember the primal law . simon survival of the fittest . wayne one last question . usually mickey and mallory kill all of they victim . why do they let you two survive ? the brother pause , then turn to Wayne . norman they have we tie down during one of they house raid , you have see the headline , and they be take a chainsaw to we leg before they be gonna kill we . simon just for fun , I guess . norman and then mallory stop mickey and say , ' hey , this be the Brothers hun . ' simon mickey stop sawin ' on my leg and say , ' oh my God , I be you biggest fan ! ' norman apparently , they have see all we film . simon they be especially influence by ' conquer hun of Neptune . ' norman so , mallory call 911 and they take off . simon they actually apologize . int . wayne's studio - day Wayne talk . wayne the couple prove so popular that a motion picture glamorize they exploit be make ... CUT to : a poster for the mickey and mallory movie call ' thrill killer ' be show . it have a draw of the Movie mickey and Movie mallory in a romantic pose a 'la ' go with the wind , ' both with gun in they hand . around they be smaller drawing of car , people shoot , people fight , explosion , etc . the adline be : ' ripped from today' headline -- the true story of mickey and mallory . ' ' the couple that live for love and love to kill . ' the poster list the credit : ' star jessie Alexander Warwick and buffy st.mcqueen . ' ' written and directed by Neil Pope . ' wayne ( v.o. ) the Movie ' thrill killer ' prove to be a tremendous box office success , make star out of the before then unknown --- CUT to : still of Movie mickey and Movie mallory hold weapon , pose together , create mayhem . wayne ( v.o . ) --- actor jessie Alexander Warwick and buffy st.mcqueen . CUT to : movie trailer for ' thrill killer ': shot Movie mickey dress in a fastfood uniform . announcer ( v.o. ) meet mickey knox ! movie mickey I be gettin ' off this minimum wage train . break my back for you and throw away my youth for nothing . when I be thirty , have a big wall drop down in front of I call the future . realize I have be doin ' time in a burger flippin ' jail . he rip off he uniform . movie mickey listen to I jimmy-dick , I want cash , lot of it , car , fast car ! and I want it now ! not later , now ! I wanna wail , baby , wail ! shot of Movie mallory on she hand and knee crawl toward camera . announcer ( v.o. ) and he lovely wife mallory . movie mallory I need ya , mickey . I gotta have ya . I be no good for no one else . when I be with you , I burn , baby . burn like blue flame . shot of Movie mickey and Movie mallory drive fast and laugh they head off . announcer ( v.o. ) together they be the thrill killer . the true story of the couple that shocked the world ... shot of the Movie knox firing gun . announcer ( v.o. ) ... with a bloodlust of violence ... shot of Movie mickey and Movie mallory kissing . announcer ( v.o. ) ... and unbridle passion . shot of Movie mallory with a knife to a cop be throat . Movie mickey hold a shotgun . movie cop when society catch up with you , I would hate to be in you boot . movie mickey let I telly ya about society and its boot . it use that boot for steppin ' on people like I and she ! CUT to : int . editing room - day Wayne enter a editing room where filmmaker neil pope be work at a movieola . wayne ( v.o. ) we talk with Neil Pope , writer and director of ' thrill killer ' for he take on the mickey and mallory phenomenon . Pope stop the movieola , turn toward the camera , and greet Wayne m.o.s . CUT into interview : neil pope it be my belief that mickey and mallory knox be a cultural phenomenon that could only exist in we sexually repress society . a flower that could only bloom amidst a grotesque fast food culture . a what I try to do with ' thrill killer ' be trace the root of the problem all the way down the vine to the original bad seed . yet amidst the violence and murder and carnage , you have get the structure of a wagnerian love story . ext . alley - day in a back alley , the conclusion of ' thrill killer ' play out . the sound of siren and chopper be near . Movie mickey , shotgun in hand , run down the alley stop at a dumpster , where the wounded and bloody Movie mallory sit propped up against a brick wall . on the bottom of the screen , the subtitle appear : scene from ' thrill killer ' ( 1990 ) . movie mallory mickey , honey , listen to I . Movie mallory hold out she hand for he to take it . he do . movie mallory I can not go . I be too fuck up . movie mickey I be not say it 's not gonna hurt , but -- movie mallory I can not run with you , mickey ! I really want to . if I could , I would , but I can not . I gotta stay here . but you can still get out of here . movie mickey no fuckin ' way ! no fuckin ' way ! movie mallory if they stay , they will catch you , and they do not have to catch you --- movie mickey no fuckin ' way ! movie mallory mickey , you be waste time ! movie mickey I do not give a damn if a million United States marine , all whistling the hall of montezuma , be gonna come marchin ' down this alley any second . there be not not fuckin ' way in hell I be leave you . and that 's that ! Movie mallory grab he hand with both of hers . she 's cry . the siren and chopper sound be get closer . movie mallory mickey , my love , if you leave I , they will catch I and take I to the hospital . if you stay , you will make them kill you . then it would be like I kill you . I could bear anything , but I could not bear that . so please , please , for I , my handsome husband , run for you life . the siren and chopper draw closer . movie mickey I can not do it . you be my wife , you be my partner . a fella do not run when he partner can not run with he . mallory , my angel , if I could of leave ya , I would of leave ya a long time ago . they kiss . movie mallory well , hell , if you will not leave , give I a gun so I can go out shoot . Movie mickey hand she he .44 Magnum from he belt . movie mickey sit tight . I be gonna make it a little tougher for them . Movie mickey run to the end of the alley , peer around the corner at the arrive cop . movie mickey ( to himself ) time to get naked and boogie . Movie mallory be out of movie mickey 's view . she cock the .44 , then place the barrel under she chin . movie mallory mickey ! Movie mickey 's busy . he do not turn around . movie mickey yeah baby . movie mallory you make every day like kindergarten . Movie mallory pull the trigger . bang ! dolly down the alley to a cu on mickey as he spin around . Movie mallory literally blow she head clean off . her headless body , gun in hand , remain upright in she sit position . Movie mickey run toward she , scream she name in slow motion . movie mickey mallory ! CUT to : back to : the pope interview wayne ( o.s. ) why do you kill mallory ? both of they be still alive . neil pope it be dramatic license , no doubt . but I feel a operatic love story need a operatic end . the two of they kill for each other . they offer the death of they victim to each other like other lover offer flower or bon bon . so what more natural , what more organic , what more poetic than mallory offer she death to mickey ? it 's where it 's be lead since day one . we work it in the movie by use a what if they escape situation . I think it work beautifully . you would be surprised . people come up to I at the end of the movie in tear . ext . parking lot - day actor jessie alexander WARWICK sit on he motorcycle and talk to the camera . he 's dress in a Levi 's jacket , jeans , a bandanna be wrap around he head , and as he talk he bogart a smoke . his name appear at the bottom of the screen . jessie one thing about mickey for sure , he 's definitely a man who have he moment . it be wild playin ' he . it be one of that get-it-out -of - your-system performance . int . buffy ST . mcqueen be home - day this interview be shot in buffy 's house a 'la Barbara Walters . buffy sit on the couch in she live room with a cat in she lap . from time to time , she sip from a coffee cup . her name appear at the bottom of the screen . buffy I do not play mallory , the murderer . I do not play she as a butcher . I play she as a woman in love , who also happen to murder people . I do not want she to be at arm 's length from the audience or myself . if you play she as this wild maniac , the audience never have to deal with she . if you see a decapitation in a movie , you just say ' oh wow , a neat special effect . ' because you can not relate to a decapitation . it do not mean anything to anybody because it 's not personal . decapitation do not fall into most people 's realm of life experience . but if you show somebody in a movie get a paper cut , the whole audience squirm . because everybody can relate to a paper cut . wayne ( o.s. ) do you meet the real mallory knox ? buffy I try to , but she would not see I . but I read some letter she write to mickey before the murder spree . they help I out a lot . ext . parking lot - day jessie talk to camera . wayne ( o.s ) you meet mickey knox , do not you ? jessie yeah , I visit he when he be up in susanville . he 's a little cerebral for my taste , but all in all , we get along . int . office - day Wayne , sit in a chair in front of a desk , interview dr . reinghold , who sit behind the desk . wayne ( v.o. ) to get a psychiatric view on the strange attraction mickey and mallory seem to have , we talk with Doctor emil reinghold , note psychologist and author . Wayne begin he interview . wayne can you shed some light , Doctor reinghold , on why the public have take a pair of sociopath so close to they bosom ? dr . reinghold well , for one , the media have do a tremendous job of turn the husband and wife mass murderer into celebrity . but it 's the country 's youth who have turn the couple into the ultimate anti-hero . basically , the very thing that make they most lethal be the exact same thing that capture the public 's heart and mind -- mickey and mallory 's operatic devotion to each other . in a world where people can not seem to make the simple relationship work and the slight emotional commitment be consider devastating , Mick and mallory have a do - or-die romance of a shakespearean magnitude . to the country 's youth , 75 percent of which be come from break home , that 's appeal . they have a 'us against the world ' posture which always appeal to youth . and they have take that posture seventeen step beyond . it 's not 'us against the world , ' it 's ' we be gonna kill the world . ' they be exciting . I read they file and I find myself turn the page like it be a paperback . why do disillusion youth get into mickey and mallory ? why do disillusion housewive read romance novel ? why be you filming this special ? because you know as well as I do , you say ' tonight at nine Charles Manson speak , ' everybody 's go to tune in to hear what he say . mickey and mallory have shocked a country numb with violence . they have create a world where only two exist and anybody who inadvertently enter that world be murder . ext . courthouse - day shot of the crowd . wayne ( v.o. ) this attitude from the young towards they ultimate anti-hero be nation wide . and spread . two london teens boy and girl , dress like the knox 's . title card : ' london ' london boy you take all the great figure from the States ... elvis , Jack keroac , bukowski , James Dean , Jim morrison , Angela Davis , Jack nicholson , Jim Thompson , Martin scorcese ...add a bloody pale of nitro and you get mickey and mallory . they be like rebel without a cause , except they have a cause . only nobody know what it be . london girl ( scream ) they cause be each utter ! two japanese teens a boy and girl , dress like the knox 's . they speak in japanese , which be translate in English . title card : ' japan ' as japanese boy and girl speak , we hear : translator ( v.o. ) keep the faith , mickey and mallory , keep the faith . two french teens a boy and girl , dress like the knox 's . they speak in french , and we hear the translation in English . title card : ' FRANCE ' translator ( v.o. ) mickey and mallory have a love that 's l.a.m.f. french boy ( in English ) they be super cool ! int . wayne's studio - day wayne and as to almost give this whole misplace admiration scenario a cherry on the top , the rock band redd kross enter the chart last week at number 13 with they song ' Natural bear killer , the saga of mickey and mallory . ' CUT to : a clip from the redd kross video of ' Natural bear killer . ' back to : wayne's studio wayne the third wick twist to this story be Grace Mulberry . CUT to : front page newspaper - headline read : ' mickey and mallory kill six teens during slumber party !' in smaller bold face under it : ' one Teen escape killer 's clutch . ' on the front page be a photo of the teen who escape . it 's seventeen year old grace mulberry . camera move in cu of the photo . wayne ( v.o. ) of the six teens murder that night , seventeen year old Grace Mulberry be the lucky one leave to tell the tale . and this haunt young lady summon up the courage to take the stand , tell what she see that horrible night , and then allow herself to be cross - examine by the man who kill she brother and girlfriend . ext . courthouse - day all kind of people be gather around . it 's a real media event . Grace 's sedan pull up to the courthouse . the many spectator and reporter surround the car . Grace , her father , and bisbing emerge from the sedan , and start walk up the courthouse step . microphone and camera be thrust at she as reporter ask question . Grace be afraid to face the crowd . her head dart in the direction of each question , but she do not answer . she remain silent and scared . female oriental reporter miss Mulberry ! how do it feel to be the only survivor of mickey and mallory 's reign of terror ? fat male reporter miss Mulberry ! have the experience mark you ? some scruffy transient stick he head in Grace 's face . transient do ya watch you brother get stab up ? wayne how do you feel about mickey cross - examine you ? Grace , she father , and bisb shove they way through the crowd . after Grace and she entourage enter the courthouse , we hear the cry of : voice ( o.s. ) mickey and mallory ! camera whip toward the bottom of the step as the car carry mickey and mallory pull up . the reporter race down the step they just race up . the mickey and mallory fan go apeshit . mickey and mallory , handcuff , be be lead up the step by sheriff' deputy . Wayne gayle and other reporter film they and shoot out question . microphone be thrust into they face . wayne mickey , how do you feel about cross - examine Grace Mulberry ? mickey I be keen with anticipation . female oriental reporter what do you think of this turn out , mallory ? mallory I be not never have so much fun . a cute reporter , a tawny Little type , step forward . cute reporter do you have any regret ? mallory not a one . mickey yeah , I always regret we never get around to look up my old history teacher , miss bainbridge . now there 's a big bad bitch not good for herself or nobody . black reporter what 's you favorite pastime ? mickey you mean aside from what I be be try for ? mallory playfully elbow mickey in he rib . mickey oh , I would say watch tv . all the reporter in unison : reporter what 's you favorite show ? mickey ' have gun will Travel . ' cute reporter do you have anything to say to you fan ? mickey ( look in camera ) you be not see nothin ' yet . CUT to : ext . courthouse - day Wayne by himself stand on the courthouse step . wayne ( to camera ) no , apparently we have not see everything . Grace Mulberry give she tearful testimony . then it become mickey knox 's turn for cross - examination . CUT to : court sketch : a artist sketch of mickey cross -examine Grace on the stand . bisbing ( v.o. ) Grace be terrify of mickey . you have to understand most of they victim be normal people with normal life that nothing out of the ordinary ever happen to . court sketch of mickey look like the devil himself . bisbing ( v.o. ) then out of the blue , they be deal with the devil incarnate . it be extremely difficult for we to find survivor who would take the stand and testify when they know mickey would be cross-examing they . court sketch of terrify Grace . camera close in Grace 's face . bisbing ( v.o. ) Grace be every bit as terrify , every bit as haunt . but she feel she brother Tim and she five girlfriend be count on she . CUT to : int . courtroom - day court sketch - cu of Grace stare intently . camera widen to include bisb stand before the bench as mickey sit with mallory at the defence table . judge steinsma look down at Grace . the distinct sound of a court in session can be hear in the b.g . the color of the scene fade to Black &amp ; White as the camera crane up to reveal the court artist draw while court be in session . off screen : bisb be wrapping up she examination of Grace who be at the witness stand . judge steinsma reside at he bench . camera dolly into a mo . overhead two - shot of mickey and mallory who be sketching on a pad of paper . camera reveal the draw of a man stabbing a woman . mickey be do the actual draw , but every once and a while mallory take to pencil and add some touch , as Grace finish she tearful testimony . bisbing ( o.s. ) no further question , you honor . emotional pause , the silence . judge steinsma ( o.s. ) would you care to cross examine the witness , Mr. knox ? mickey scratch out the draw . still hold the pencil he stand and leave frame . mickey ( o.s ) as a matter of fact , you honor , I would . note : the follow scene be to be play with extreme close ups . not once be the courtroom see in detail . however courtroom sound can be hear vividly in the b.g. cu of mallory , who grin at mickey like a cheshire cat . cu of Grace 's eye as they look downward . cu of judge steinsma as he shuffles paper on he bench . cu of mickey 's foot crossing the court floor . cu of bisb as she eye follow mickey across the court . mickey enter the frame , with a pencil press to he lip in though . mickey be look straight into the camera . mickey 's Pov of Grace sit on the witness stand , stare into she lap . ecu of Grace 's finger roll a large , male - style , High School class ring around she palm . cu of mickey glance to the ring . mickey smile . mickey 's Pov of Grace as she pull from a reserve of strength . clench the ring tight in she fist , she eye come up and lock hatefully on mickey . cu mickey as he walk forward towards Grace . mickey that 's one helluva story , miss Mulberry . cu of Grace . grace yes it be . at this point mickey begin to pace from right to leave , but always remain in cu . mickey Grace ... I hope you do not mind if I call you Grace ... back to : Grace as we dolly from a mo cu into a ecu . mickey Grace . I would like to talk to you about you late brother Tim , if you feel up to it . continue dolly : once lock onto she eye , she head drop forward and we ... CUT to : int . grace's home - night ecu of Grace 's eye as she head be pull back into frame . her eye be wide with fear . the camera pull back to reveal a gag in she mouth and a knife press against she throat . she 's back at the night of the murder . mickey 's wear a black leather jacket over a white t-shirt , which be cover with blood . blood be smear on he face , and he 's hold a knife press to he lip , also cover with blood . but he 's walk and talk with the same manner and poise as in the courtroom . mickey Grace ... I hope you do not mind if I call you Grace ... two shot revealing that Grace be bound and gag with mallory right behind she , hold the knife and crack gum . mallory naw , she do not mind . mickey Grace . I would like to talk to you about you murder brother Tim , if you feel up to it . CUT to : int . courtroom - day cu of Grace in a daze . mickey ( o.s. ) do you get along ? mickey wait for a answer that do not come . mickey miss Mulberry ? back to Grace . grace more or less . mickey more or less ... back to : mickey . mickey what do you mean by that ? back to : Grace . grace well , he 's my older brother . when we be grow up , there be time we could of very well do without each other . but when it count , we be close . cu of bisb listen . Grace be do better than she think . camera pan from shadow to find mickey , the pan continue through he line . mickey I would like to talk about Tim 's martial art ability . how long have he be study ? pan continue back into the shadow , then 180 degree to find Grace . grace he start when he be in the seventh grade , so that would make it nine year . pan continue back into shadow , then ... dissolve to : int . martial art school - day camera pan from darkness into a well light martial art class room in full session . tim mulberry and expert martial artist be compete against a lesser opponent while they master look on . camera pan back into shadow , then ... dissolve to : int . courtroom - day camera pan from darkness and lock on a cu of mickey . mickey when you study the martial art , they give out belt that come in different color to signify what level you be at in you training . be I correct on that point ? grace yes you be . mickey what be the color of Tim 's belt ? grace the style of fight that Tim study do not believe in belt . mickey be that a fact ? well then , Grace , could you tell we what form of martial art it be that Tim be school in ? grace Tim study several style , but he favorite be joet kune do . mickey joet kune do ... now I do some research on that form of fight , and I find out that joet kune do be a style develop by Bruce Lee . do you know that ? grace yes , I do . that 's why Tim study it . because it be Bruce Lee 's fight style . cu of court clerk hand type in slow motion . mickey now , while I freely admit total ignorance on the subject , I have hear of Bruce Lee . and I be under the impression that Bruce Lee be one of the , if not the great fighter in the history of martial art . grace that 's what Tim say . mickey so , I think it would be safe to say that anybody who study the fight style that Bruce Lee , arguably the great martial artist of all time , develop for nine year , that would be a fella who could defend himself . would you describe Tim that way , Grace ? grace yes , I would . mickey point at Grace with the pencil in he hand . mickey Point of fact , be not Tim 's hand register as lethal weapon ? grace yes , they be . cu of mickey 's hand hold the pencil . mickey that mean he hand be consider a weapon like a gun or a knife . be I correct on that point ? grace yes , you be . cu of mallory crack a slight smile . mickey yet , in you testimony just now , you describe that Tim ... camera move into a tight cu of Grace . her eye widen . mickey ( o.s. ) ... kick I four time in the head . CUT to : int . grace's home - night insert : the night of the murder . Tim cut loose and hammer mickey with four punish kick to the head . CUT to : int . courtroom - day cu of mickey . mickey and he train martial artist kick have little to no effect . CUT to : int . grace's home - night camera be low angle as Tim back up after he attack . we notice the High School Ring he wear on he right fist as he step into a fight stance , ready for mickey to drop . mickey , however , spit out a stream of blood , and smile at he . CUT to : int . courtroom - day cu of mickey . mickey then , after shrugging off four blow to the head like I be superman , I lift tim-nine - year - of - joet - kune - do- Mulberry off the ground and throw he across the room . mickey , with arm raise over he head , pantomime throw Tim 's body . CUT to : int . grace's home - night wide shot as Tim fly into frame , crashing into the live room wall . CUT to : int . courtroom - day we quickly pan down a number of item with white evidence tag on they . we stop at mickey 's Buck knife . mickey 's hand come into frame and pick up the knife . mickey then I take ... cu of mickey as he bring the knife into frame . mickey ... this knife and proceed to tear he limb from limb . and this man , whose hand be lethal weapon --- cu of bisb as she stand . bisbing objection , defence be intimidating the witness with the murder weapon . judge steinsma ( o.s. ) sustain . Mr. knox , put the knife down . mickey be lock on Grace . mickey ( cont would ) -- have little to no defence . grace ( yell ) I do not know how you do it , but you do it ! judge steinsma Mr. knox ! the knife ! mickey glance to the judge , then slowly place the knife back on the table . mickey how do you think a human be could possibly be capable of do something like that ? mickey lock eye with eye . grace ( yell ) I do not know ! mickey be on top of she . mickey now ... I do not believe that Grace . I think you have a definite opinion on how I be able to do that thing you describe . now , I be go to ask you again . and I want you to remember you be under oath . Grace collect herself . mickey ( o.s. ) in you opinion , miss Mulberry , how be I able to murder you brother Tim Mulberry in the manner you describe . the judge look down at Grace . Grace look back into she open palm . cu of the ring . back to : mickey bear down on she , wait for a answer . back to : Grace as we slowly dolly closer she look up at mickey timidly . grace ( softly ) you be not human . mickey smile . grace I think about it a lot . and the only thing I could figure be that you be not human . bisb hide she disappointment by look down . mickey straighten up as Grace continue . grace you be a vampire , or the devil , or a monster , or cyborg , or something like that . but you be not human . Grace break down . put she hand to she head to stop the pain . cu of mickey smile down at she . cu mallory smile proudly at mickey . cu judge steinsma betray no emotion look down at Grace . cu of Grace sobbing , she try to collect herself by clutching the ring tighter . mickey roll he pencil in he hand the camera tilt up as he lean into a cu . mickey ( softly ) thank you . Grace , there be one other thing ... grace ( softly into she lap ) what ... mickey smile . mickey you be right . Grace tearfully look up and meet mickey 's demonic glare as he plunge he pencil deep into she chest . Grace 's eye go wide as mickey 's vicious attack continue . camera whip to cu of bisb jump up scream as pandemonium break out behind she in slow motion . cu pencil puncture Grace 's blood soak chest in slow motion . cu judge steinsma slam he gavel while direct the sheriff deputy in slow motion . cu of the sheriff deputy be run to mickey in slow motion . ecu of Grace a tear roll out of she widen eye in slow motion . cu of mickey . his attack be unending in slow motion . mo Grace go limp . as the sheriff deputy reach mickey from all side the pencil break off inside Grace in slow motion . cu the bloody eraser end of the pencil in mickey 's hand in slow motion . side angle as Grace 's head fall back into a cu . her mouth plop open and as she eyelid close , they pinch out a tear that roll down she cheek in slow motion . cu of mickey 's torso as the sheriff deputy wrestle he away from Grace . mickey still have the bloody end of the pencil . cu of Grace 's hand drop into frame and as she fist open , the ring fall in slow motion . cu of the ring hit the floor and roll out of frame . dolly along side the roll ring on the floor until it hit a shoe and stop . ecu of mickey 's eye look down at he foot . ecu of mickey drop the bloody pencil stub . camera follow it in slow motion . cu of bloody pencil stub hit the floor next to the ring in slow motion . cu of mickey look over to mallory . cu of mallory surround by sheriff deputy . she smile at mickey . mallory show off . mickey smile and glance toward judge . mickey no further question you honor . mickey turn forward still wrestle the deputy . mickey 's Pov of a sheriff deputy step in front of he with a riot club . deputy # 1 Light 's out prick . deputy swing the club . CUT to black : ext . courthouse rear - day mickey , dress in county blue , be lead out of the courtroom by sheriff deputy . he 's cuffed hand and leg . Reporters throw out question , photographer shoot photo , mickey be somewhere else , no mugging to the crowd this time . wayne ( v.o. ) after the deadly brewhaha in the courtroom , the judge , honorable burt steinsma , pass down a sentence that be to make legal history . int . judge's den - day interview with judge steinsma in he de at home . m.o.s. shot of Wayne and judge talk . wayne ( v.o. ) we speak with retire judge steinsma at he home in Baltimore , maryland . the interview : wayne be there any vengeance on you part with you unique sentence ? judge steinsma yes , unquestionably . after they do what they do in my court , and judge worth he robe will tell you the same thing . it could not help but affect my decision . that 's why they have judge . we be suppose to be fair to a fault , but when it 's showtime , we have to make a decision . that 's why we do not just input all the fact into a computer for the appropriate punishment . I could not give they the death penalty . see , California hop back and forth on that issue . mickey and mallory go to court when it be out of favor , which be actually good because it leave more room for imagination . anybody can give somebody the chair . when you have someone who deserve to die and you can not kill they , you have to be creative . and if the bastard have let it stand , it would of be the perfect sentence . it hit them right where they live . Far more punish than the death sentence . wayne would you please describe for we viewer what you sentence be ? judge steinsma well , in a rogue 's gallery of killer , mickey and mallory be very unique . I have see a lot of killer in my day and they be a very cold lot . they have no more feeling about take a person 's life than squashing a tiny bug . it 's all the same to they . well , mickey and mallory be that ' kill them to watch they expression change ' attitude personify . except with each other . and , since they live only for each other , I want to attack that , at its very root . so , in a nutshell , my sentence be double life for each without any possibility for parole . that would be fairly standard in they case . the twist I add be that the husband and wife would have no contact or correspondence with each other for the rest of they life . and they would never receive any word or information about the other . so , basically once the cell door slam shut , mickey and mallory will completely disappear from each other 's life . they will never know when the other die . but ala , the best laid plan of mouse and man ... CUT to : ext . courthouse rear - day mallory in tear , hysterically actually , be cuffed hand to foot , and be drag by sheriff 's deputy into the prison bus . Reporters throw out question , photographer shoot photo , tv news people capture the moment on video . the bus pull out onto the street . CUT to : photo : mickey in prison uniform be lead by guard . photo : shot though bar of mallory in she cell . her back be to the camera . wayne ( v.o. ) the sentence be never to reach that point . because after only a year , mickey and mallory create so much mayhem that it be decide ... insert : front page newspaper : ' mickey and mallory to be transferred to asylum .' wayne ( v.o. ) ... that they be mentally ill and need to be transfer to a state mental hospital . camera move into the picture of mickey and mallory on the front page of the newspaper . CUT to : photo : of dewight mcclusky . wayne ( v.o. ) we talk with dewight mcclusky , chairman of the California State prison board , about this curious turn of event in the mickey and mallory case . int . mcclusky' office - day Wayne 's interview mcclusky . wayne why be mickey and mallory be move to a asylum ? and who make the decision ? mcclusky the prison board make the decision . a board of which I belong . we be the who . the why be simple . mickey and mallory be mentally ill and need to be under a doctor 's care , where hopefully they will receive the help they need . wayne mickey and mallory be deem competent in a mental examination before they trial . I be confuse . what 's change ? mcclusky well , since that time , they have kill one person during they trail . and since they incarceration , they have kill one psychologist along with several guard and inmate . wayne when they be find competent before , they have already kill fifty people . other than the fact they be a disciplinary problem , which frankly should not surprise anyone , I still do not see where this situation be any different then it be before . so , I ask you again , Mr. mcclusky , what 's change ? mcclusky what 's change , Mr. gayle , be we mind . we feel they be competent a year ago . a year have pass , sir , a year where they be under close observation , day in and day out , and they behaviour have lead we to believe we be wrong . wayne who be we ? mcclusky the prison board and the doctor who examine they . wayne be any of the doctor who make the first evaluation on the knox mental state ask to re-examine they ? mcclusky use the same doctor be not common practice . wayne I take it by you answer it be a whole new team ? mcclusky now that you bring it up , yes . they be different man . I have not really think that much about it . since many psychiatric opinion be , by a rule , seek out for this kind of situation . what do you think normally happen ? the knox be assign a family psychologist that take care of they throughout the rest of they life ? the state do not work like that . photo : of dr . albert rodriguez . wayne ( v.o. ) the two psychiatric opinion the board seek be that of Albert rodriguez ... photo : of dr . felix vargus . wayne ( v.o. ) ... and Dr. Felix vargus . both of the good doctor , for whatever reason , refuse to be interview . int . dr . reinghold's office - day back with Dr. reinghold . he 's laugh . dr . reinghold it 's a funny situation actually . if anyone besides mickey and mallory give a damn , what the prison board be do would be consider a outrage . the prison board be basically say , ' we can not handle this guy . ' they have move them around twice since they sentence start . they be a handful everywhere they go . now the prison they be at now want they outta there . but no other prison 's gonna be stupid enough to take them . so the prison board be leave scratch they head wonder what they be gonna do . well , what they decide to do be to set up a kangaroo medical court that find they crazy . then they get they transfer to nystrom Medical asylum or lobotomy Bay as it 's refer to in the psychiatric circle . put them on a strict dope and electro shock diet , and mickey and mallory cease to be a problem to anybody except the orderly who clean out the bedpan , which if you want to see they get theirs , that 's all well and good . but there 's something be say here . forget the immorality for a second . forget the corruption and the skulduggery involved . what the board be say be 'we give up . ' mickey and mallory run amuck in polite society . they be put in a alternative society and they run amuck there , too . all the power that be , can not deal with this two kid . and whatever can not be assimilate have to be terminate . wayne so , in you opinion mickey and mallory be not insane ? dr . reinghold insane , no . psychotic , yes . a menace to live creature , yes . but to suggest that they be insane give the impression that they do not know right from wrong . mickey and mallory know the difference between right and wrong . they just do not give a damn . freeze frame on Dr. reinghold . int . editing BAY - day Wayne 's just finish view the show . he put he hand on Scott and Roger 's shoulder . wayne good work , my brother . fan-fuckin ' - tastic ! I think that interview stuff 's too long , we can lose some of that . keep the girl , keep the long hair , keep the hun brother , keep the black guy , keep the movie shit , and keep the cop at the donut shop . lose the rest . and cut the interview with the prison board fellow before that . cut it after I ask , ' I take it by you answer it be a whole new team . ' do not even let he answer . fuck he . then cut to I talk about the two chicken shit psychiatrist and straight in Dr. reinghold laugh . scott okay . Wayne put he arm around unruly Julie . wayne Children , we have a show . ( to Scott &amp ; Roger ) you two get some long well overdue sleep . ' Cause tomorrow , bright and early , county jail and then journey 's end ... mickey knox . CUT to : title card : ' tomorrow --bright and early .' int . mickey' cell - day mickey 's pace back and forth in he cell , try out different joke . mickey there 's this italian guy , a french guy , and a Polish guy . and they be all talkin ' about how they fuck they wife --- jump CUT : mickey ... you know , I be gonna just rip off you dress and squeeze you titty . then Little Red Riding Hood whip out she .357 , stick it in the Big bad Wolf 's face and say , ' no you be not . you be gonna eat I ... just like the story say . ' jump CUT : mickey ( with a lisp ) ... Fairy boat ! I know thing be good in here , but I do not know we have we own navy . jump CUT : mickey ... so this guy want to take little johnny 's sister to the drive - in . but the mother say , ' only if you take little johnny along --- ' jump CUT : mickey ... and the Polish guy say , ' that 's nothing . when I get through with my hanna , I get up , wipe my dick on the curtain , and she hit the roof ! ' jump CUT : mickey 's pretend he 's calming down a hysterical audience . mickey no ...please ... thank you ... you be too kind ...no ... please ... int . news van - moving - day through Scott 's camera , we be filming this in black and white - 16mm . note : everytime we be view through Scott 's camera , we be filming handheld in 16 mm black and white . until otherwise specify , the shot stay in Scott 's camera . Scott 's filming the back of the newsvan . Roger 's sit in the back eat donut as be Wayne . unruly Julie 's up front drive . wayne ( with mouthful of donut ) how 's it work , scotty ? scott ( o.s. ) perfecto ! Roger 's pick through a box of donut . Scott pan over to he , then slowly zoom in on he . roger where the fuck 's the chocolate cream fill ? do anyone get my chocolate cream fill ? if you do , it 's mine . cu of Roger , look into camera . roger I point at a chocolate cream fill . you see I do it , do not you ? Wayne start talk . we pan from Roger to a cu of Wayne . wayne you be there . do you see he put it in a box ? we pan back to a cu of Roger . roger at the time , I be too busy explain to Scott the finer point of film . we zoom back to a wide shot . scott ( o.s. ) yeah , right . you know what he say ? he say , Indiana Jones and the Temple of doom be spielberg 's best film . Wayne start laugh . we hear Scott laugh too . wayne ( to Roger ) you can not be serious ? roger ( preoccupy ) I be as serious about that as I be about go back to the donut store , and dip that stupid mexican 's head into the batter for forget my chocolate cream fill . gimme that other box . wayne huh uh . this dozen be for mickey . roger that dumbass probably put my chocolate cream fill in there by mistake . wayne Roger , no . roger what 's the big deal ? take out my chocolate cream fill , put one of this roast coconut --- wayne Roger , do you understand what the word ' no ' mean ? it 's important we establish a rapport . something as simple as a dozen donut can mean the world to somebody who have not have a donut in a year . roger so you be give a man who butcher whole family , little baby include , my chocolate cream fill ? unruly Julie honk the horn . Wayne get up and look out the windshield . wayne okay , guy , we be here . L.A. County jail . Julie , just park in the front . roger Wayne --- wayne Roger , I be start to get piss . just drop this fuckin ' do nut shit , and gather you gear . the van stop . Wayne slide open the panel door , and step out . ext . los angele county jail - day back to : color 35 mm . Wayne hop out of the van and be approach by superintendent phil wurlitzer who 's follow by two deputy sheriff . wayne ( aside to Scott ) here 's the welcome wagon . wurlitzer reach they and shake Wayne 's hand . wurlitzer hello , Mr. gayle . I be phil wurlitzer . we talk on the phone . it 's a pleasure to meet you . wayne same here . let I introduce my crew . Scott ... Roger ... and unruly Julie ... this be ... I be sorry . what 's you title again ? wurlitzer I be the superintendent here at L.A. County jail . I and my deputy be who you will be work with while you be here . wayne that sound great . look , I do not want any of this to intimidate you . this be not go to be a big deal . this be go to be very easy . ( to he crew ) I need to talk with Mr. wurlitzer . you guy get you equipment ready , power up the van and confirm a transmission code for the remote . Julie come with I . Julie toss the key to Roger and shadow Wayne as he speak confidentially to wurlitzer . wayne the main thing I need be a big room , shut off from the population , so we can get some privacy ... with a few electrical outlet . int . supply room - day Wayne and he crew have set up in the food supply room off from the cafeteria . be big , roomy , and unpopulate , it 's perfect for a interview . there 's eight L.A. County deputy sheriff around the room along with wurlitzer . Roger 's set up he sound equipment while unruly Julie be check she notebook . wurlitzer and a few deputy talk among themselves . camera move from person to person without cut . wurlitzer ( to two deputy ) this be just for a interview , I be on the set of ' duke of hazzard ' once . it be a much bigger deal than this . they have a crew of maybe seventy - five people . camera move to Wayne and Scott . wayne we be gonna be talk over here . but I want enough freedom so if I wanna get up and move around , we can . Wayne grab Scott and walk he to the leave . wayne take he and walk he over this way . ( pretend Scott 's mickey ) so , mickey , kill mallory 's parent , what the hell be that all about ? ( pause - - to Scott ) then maybe take he to the window . he walk Scott to the window . wayne ( pretend Scott 's mickey ) so , mickey , if you be let outta jail today , what 's the first thing you would do ? ( pause - - to Scott ) Little shit like that . I do not wanna have to feel I gotta stay in the chair . we be after a cinema verite , anything can happen , truth twenty - four time a second kindda feel . end of single shot . wurlitzer 's talk with deputy . wurlitzer and when it 's lunch time , they do not just go to McDonalds . they get cook there servin ' great food . swedish meatball ... Wayne walk over to wurlitzer and deputy . wurlitzer how 's everything come , Mr. gayle ? wayne everything 's come along just fine . phil , I want to know if I could have a small word with you . wurlitzer by all mean . Wayne put he hand on wurlitzer 's shoulder . they walk around the room . wayne you meet the kid I have work for I ? great bunch , be not they ? wurlitzer oh yes , indeed . top flight . wayne Scott , genius cameraman , Roger , magician with sound . unruly Julie , I could sooner do without my arm than unruly Julie . wurlitzer be that she real name ? wayne just a little nickname . yep , they be my kid and they be all I need . after work together this past coupla year , we be like well - oile machinery . no , more like a formula race car . no , scratch that one , too . what we be really like be a swiss watch . small , intricate , compact ... it should not work as well as it do , but it do . because of the craftsmanship , the expertise , and the artist 's loving hand . Wayne give wurlitzer a moment to digest this . wurlitzer I see . wayne now , phil , I do not know if you have ever be on a set before --- wurlitzer ( proudly ) ya know , I be . wayne ( act surprised ) really ? wurlitzer I be on the ' duke of hazzard ' set about eight year ago . wayne ( still act surprised ) well ... small world . well , then , you know firsthand how Hollywood do thing . light all over the place , generator , a hundred and fifty crew member --- wurlitzer oh , that ' duke of hazzard ' show , there be probably ninety - five people there , maybe more . wayne see what I mean ? it 's a funny business , be not it ? wurlitzer it sure be . wayne they get a asshole over here . ( point to he leave ) a asshole sit down read a magazine over there . ( point to he right ) a asshole perch up there . ( point straight up ) asshole everywhere . hey , maybe if we be doin ' that kiss , kiss , bang , bang stuff we would need all that asshole , too . what we be about be intimacy . we be about two people have a conversation . say I be interview you . all I want you to worry about be what I ask you . I want a trust to develop . if you be think about all this ... ( indicate the hustle and bustle of a set ) ... you be not go to relax , a trust will not develop , we will be talk a each other instead of to each other , there will be no chance for intimacy . Wayne give wurlitzer a chance to take this in . wayne that 's why my crew be only three ... a invisible three . ( switch gear ) which bring I to what I want to talk to you about . I have to get mickey knox to relax ... mickey knox to share what he 's never share before ... mickey knox to open door which ' till today have be close . well , how can we expect he to do that when we get Los Angeles County sheriff up the wall . suddenly , thing get short between the two man . wurlitzer ( snort ) well , just what the hell do you expect I to do ? wayne lose them . wurlitzer Mr. gayle , do you have the slight idea how dangerous knox be ? wayne Mr. wurlitzer , I assure you , I be very familiar with mickey knox 's career . they be out and out angry . wurlitzer since he and he wife have be in custody , they have kill --- wayne do not recite the fact to I . I be sure I know them better than you do . wurlitzer well , let I let you in on one more fact you obviously do not know . if I be to take my man away , mickey knox would snap you neck like a twig . wayne one ... I can take care of myself . I grow up in a tough neighbourhood , and I have handle some pretty rough customer in my day . mickey knox do not scare I . two ... I be a journalist , and I be prepare to take that risk . Three ... it be not gonna happen . believe I when I tell you , it be in mickey knox 's own best interest to play this game accord to hoyle. ( pause ) wait a minute . we have get into a advisory relationship here , which be not what I want . ( pause ) but seriously , phil , look at this . Wayne scan the room , count the deputy sheriff . wayne ( count ) we get one ...two ...three ... four ...five ...six ...seven ... eight . I mean Jesus Christ , phil , that 's too much . let 's lose some of this guy . wurlitzer Wayne , if it be anybody else --- wayne phil , I be just scared he 's gonna clam up on I with all this sheriff all over the place . they hate he . he hate they . what kinda intimacy be I gonna create with all this hate in the air . even you and I feel it . wurlitzer what be we talk about ? wayne two guy ? wurlitzer okay . I will take two guy off . wayne no , no , no , no , no , no , I mean only two guy . wurlitzer I can not do that . five guy . wayne Three . wurlitzer I will cut it in half . four guy , but that 's it . int . mickey' cell - day mickey lay on he bed with he hand behind he head . camera dolly back to include the bar of mickey 's cell door in the f.g. as two deputy sheriff enter frame and slide it open . the deputy each carry shotgun and a shit load of chain and shackle . deputy # 1 on you foot ! turn you face to the wall . mickey get up . mickey now what you be suppose to say be : ' five minute , Mr. knox . ' off screen the cell door slam close . CUT to : int . mallory cell - day cu of mallory asleep in she bunk . the echo of mickey 's cell door make she up with a jolt . scagnetti ( o.s. ) rise and shine , mallory ! mallory spring out of bed , and into a fight stance . camera whip pan to scagnetti , inside she cell , flanke by two deputy with shotgun . the deputy be bingham and WASHINGTON . scagnetti beautiful day for a drive , be not it ? CUT to : int . jail corridor - day cu of mallory 's bare foot walk in front of bingham and Washington 's shiny black shoe . the SOUND of mallory 's bare foot slapping the concrete floor , along with the clip-clop-clip - clop of the deputy ' shoe , reverberate throughout the scene . mallory walk slightly ahead of the two shotgun wield deputy , when scagnetti slip in beside she . he light up a cigarette with he Zippo , and talk a long drag . scagnetti it 's a long trip to bakersfield . Long and hot . ever be to bakersfield ? mallory look straight ahead . scagnetti see , I have be there twice . and I be not lookin ' forward to goin ' back . but I be in and out . you , on the other hand , sweetheart , be gonna spend the rest of you life there . now that 's what I call cruel and inhuman punishment . mallory show no emotion , just keep on walk . scagnetti course you be not gonna give a shit . ' Cause when the good doctor 's get through givin ' you the zap ... ( he put he finger next to he temple , pantomime be electrocute ) ... you will not know where the hell you be . they will just put you on a window sill , and water you every other day . mallory let out a big yawn . int . supply room - day Wayne stand at the window speak to Scott , Roger and unruly Julie . one the other side of the room wurlitzer and he entourage of deputy be yucking it up , and occasionally burst into laughter . wayne ( to he crew ) and when he get here , its no dick and around time . make he up , clip a mike on he , then leave he alone . I do not want you talk to he . I do not want you get in he face . I want you hide behind you gear . you be invisible . camera pan to the door as two deputy lead mickey into the supply room . mickey be shackle head to toe , it 's a wonder how he can still walk . wayne ( to he crew ) okay , break . Wayne 's team disburse . wurlitzer okay , boy , let start undoing he . two deputy hold shotgun to mickey 's head , while two other start unlock the chain . as they do , mickey look at Wayne . Wayne approach mickey . mickey ( to Wayne ) okay now , before we get start here , there 's a few thing we have to get clear about . wayne all right , mickey . mickey let 's discuss it when I be unbound . camera hold on mickey stand still as the two deputy remove the chain . int . holding cell - day camera be inside a hold cell fix on the cell door . the cell door be unlock , then open . the two deputy bring mallory inside . scagnetti wander in , trail behind . bingham pump he shotgun slide and place the barrel next to mallory 's head . Washington unlock the cuff around mallory 's wrist . mallory 's silent . scagnetti lean up against the wall , smoking he cigarette . bingham turn around and face the wall ! mallory do . bingham and Washington move to the door . scagnetti wait outside for a second , fella . bingham we be not suppose --- scagnetti do not worry about it . bingham and Washington move outside . scagnetti take out he gun and toss it to Washington . before they can protest , scagnetti close the door . mallory stand in the middle of the cell , motionless , she back to he . scagnetti walk up behind she . mallory do not move . scagnetti want a smoke ? mallory 's steel eye glare at scagnetti . scagnetti c'mon , I already light one for you . I know you smoke . mallory do not respond . scagnetti take the cigarette from he mouth and put it between mallory 's lip . hold on c.u. of mallory . scagnetti I be read the file on you . you know what it say during you trial , whenever they put you on the stand , no matter what they ask , you answer be always the same ...' I love mickey . ' it also say that when they give you a polygraph , ' I love mickey ' be the only thing you say that register as the truth . scagnetti appear at the side of frame next to mallory . scagnetti who be you suppose to be ? squeaky fromme ? be that it ? be mickey you Charles Manson ? be mickey Jesus ? be that the attraction ? or do he just get a big dick ? scagnetti change to mallory 's other ear . scagnetti that 's it , be not it ? mickey 's get a big donkey dick . scagnetti press closer . scagnetti can you remember the last time you fuck ? huh ? what I want you to do be close you eye and remember ... remember the last time ol ' mickey give you the high hard one . be ya thinkin ' about it ? good. remember it . do not ever forget it cause it be not never gonna happen again . Cause when they get through with all that electroshock shit they get line up for you two , Mick 's dick be not gonna be worth shit . mallory spit the light cigarette unto scagnetti 's face . scagnetti spin she around and slap she . scagnetti look . you be gonna sit here for a couple hour while I finish up the arrangement . the reason they pick I to be you chaperone be they know I will not hesitate to put a bullet in you . scagnetti have mallory clutch tightly by she shoulder . scagnetti so , during we journey , if any wild hair spring up on you ass , you would better slap a muzzle on them ! fuck with I , bitch , even a little bit , you be gonna get accidentally shot ! comprehende ? mallory look at he for a moment , then give he a massive head butt . as we hear the cracking of he nose , scagnetti let out a horrible scream . ext . holding cell - day bingham and Washington fumble with the key to open the cell door . int . holding cell - day bingham and Washington burst through the door to find scagnetti face down on the ground . mallory 's stand , she foot press against the middle of scagnetti 's back , pull he arm behind he try to break he back . his body be bend like a branch , and he 's scream . the two deputy proceed to beat the shit out of she with they shotgun . scagnetti roll around in the b.g. , hold he bloody nose , scream . scagnetti she break my fuck nose ! that bitch break my nose ! Washington come over to he and help he up . scagnetti ( blood down he face ) she break my nose . WASHINGTON I will fix it . he grab scagnetti 's nose , then snap it back into place . scagnetti let out another horrible scream , and hop up and down from the pain . when the rush of pain pass , scagnetti bring he hand down from he face , look over at mallory . bingham have mallory in the corner of the cell with the shotgun barrel place in she mouth . cu on scagnetti . he 's a hand grenade with the pin pull . scagnetti hold she , boy . scagnetti walk to the corner where mallory be . the shotgun barrel 's out of she mouth . bingham and Washington stand on either side of she , hold she in place . scagnetti grab a can of mace from Washington 's belt , and bring it up to mallory 's face . mallory and scagnetti trade look . scagnetti give she a intense blast of mace right in the face , eye , and all over she body . mallory crumple to the floor , scream in agony . two shot of bingham and Washington look down at mallory on the ground . we can hear scagnetti still spraying she . they can not look at this anymore . mallory wiggle on the floor as scagnetti continue spraying she all over she body . cu of scagnetti 's bloody face smile . we hear the SOUND of the can of mace run empty . it spurt to a stop . scagnetti rise up to the two deputy . he hand the empty can back to Washington . scagnetti I want this fill before we leave . the three man walk out of the hold cell , close and lock the door behind they . we can still hear mallory 's scream of excruciate pain . int . supply room - day mickey 's sit in a chair eat a donut . Roger 's attach a microphone to he shirt . unruly Julie 's apply make - up to mickey 's face . mickey ( to unruly Julie ) how come you never talk ? roger she be bear without a tongue . mickey ( repulse ) oh my God ! ( to unruly Julie ) sorry . unruly Julie shrug she shoulder like ' what be you gonna do ' and continue apply make -up . Wayne and wurlitzer talk . wayne so we get a deal . four deputy --- wurlitzer and I . wayne why do not we make it three deputy and you ? wurlitzer why do not I have mickey throw back into he cell and we can forget the whole thing ? wayne chill out , phill . four deputy and you , I can live with that . we be about ready to go here , so let 's get rid of this other asshole . wurlitzer do not call my man asshole . wayne I do not mean they be asshole . I mean if they be leave , get them outta here . Wayne leave wurlitzer and go over to Scott , who 's set up a light stand . wayne okay , scotty , we be stick with four of this asshole . now I want to create the illusion that this be just mickey and I chewin ' the fat all by ourselves . so make sure you do not film this asshole . I do not want to see them on film ever . oh , and ' live at five ' slate we spot as human interest which mean we will go live at just after five-thirty . Wayne exit to reveal mickey in b.g . wurlitzer 's speak with he four deputy . wurlitzer this asshole 's tryin ' to tell I what I be gonna do in my jail . fuck he ! this nanderfuck do not know what he 's dealin ' with here , but we do . and if shit happen , he be not gonna be responsible , we be . so keep you shotgun out , you finger on the triggers , and be ready to fire at a moment 's notice . back to : mickey alone in frame , sit in a chair and eat a donut . he take a big bite . roger say something . mickey ( mouthful of donut ) what ? roger anything . mickey swallow the bite of donut , pause , then recite a poem . mickey ( talk in rhyme ) I stand amid the roar of a surf torment shore , as I hold within my hand grain of the golden sand -- how few ! yet how they creep through my finger to the deep , while I weep -- while I weep ! o God ! can I not save one from the pitiless wave ? be all that we see or seem but a dream within a dream ? mickey bite into the donut . mickey ( mouthful of donut ) how be that ? Roger join he in frame and adjust the mike . roger ah ... fine . let I make a adjustment here , and we will be ready to rock and roll . oh ...uh , the dumbass at the donut place put a chocolate cream fill I ask for in you box . mickey there 's a chocolate cream fill in there ? roger yeah . ya see , I order that special . mickey tough titty , it 's mine now . roger look , I will trade you . Wayne enter frame . wayne Roger , enough with the fuck donut ! what do I tell you . stop bother mickey , and get behind you nagra . roger ( to himself ) Fine . Roger , what the hell be you do ? you be bother the serial killer . Roger exit frame . Wayne grab a chair and set it in front of mickey . wayne sorry about that . mickey do not worry about it . wayne we be about ready to go here . be you ready ? mickey let 's do it . Wayne smile and exit frame . wayne ( o.s. ) okay people ! let 's start to settle down here . CUT to : int . supply room - day 16 mm - black &amp ; white scene be now shot through Scott 's camera which hold a ecu of mickey 's eye . camera focus then pull out to include he whole face . wayne ( o.s. ) be you comfortable ? mickey look to Wayne off screen and nod . wayne ( o.s. ) Roger ? roger ( o.s. ) Rockin ' ! wayne ( o.s. ) scotty ? scott ( o.s. ) rollin ' ... and speed ! wayne ( o.s. ) Slate it . camera slate read ' knox interview -- roll # 1 ' be thrust into view and clapped . the camera zoom out to include Wayne in the frame . wayne so , mickey , tell we what you do for fun . mickey aside from the obvious ? mickey break out laugh . wayne ( not amused ) yes . aside from the obvious . mickey 's laugh slowly run its course . mickey okay , let I see now . what do I do for fun ? ( to people o.s. ) do anybody get a smoke ? you guy be drivin ' I crazy with you cigarettes . ( to camera ) sorry out there in tv land . I be just sittin ' here lookin' ' at this deputy smokin ' up a storm , and it 's really doin ' it to I . a deputy come into frame , hand mickey a cigarette , then light it . deputy exit frame . mickey much oblige . what do I do for fun ? do you want to know what I do for fun or what I do for fun ? wayne what ? oh , aaahhh , what you do for fun for starter . mickey what I do for fun for starter . ( think ) well , something I use to do ... always be a lot of fun ... ( pause ) no , scratch that . let I think of something else . in fact , why do not we come back to that question . ask I something else . wayne do you miss mallory ? mickey of course , I miss mallory . she 's my wife . I have not see she in a long time . what a stupid question . wayne then be it worth it ? mickey be what worth it ? wayne be massacre all that people worth be separate from you wife for the rest of you life ? mickey take a drag from he cigarette . mickey do you think up this question or the girl with no tongue ? wayne no , mickey , I can not let you get away with that shit . answer the question . be it worth it ? you have not see , hear , or smell mallory in a year . be it worth it ? mickey be a instant of purity worth a lifetime lie ? yeah , it be . wayne Excuse I , do you say a instant of purity ? what be the instant of purity ? the body you leave behind on you bloody trail ? mickey that 's only part of it . I mean , it 's a big , big , big part . but it 's only the chorus , it 's not the whole song . wayne ( passionately ) please explain to I , mickey , where 's the purity that you could not live without in five year old Danny millhouse 's blow off head ? where 's the purity in forty - eight people who be no longer on this planet because they meet you and mallory ? what 's so fuck pure about that ? camera zoom in on mickey 's face . mickey look at Wayne , take a slow drag off he cigarette . mickey where the purity come into play --- the image on the screen start to flutter , and then jam . white leader fill the screen . scott ( v.o. ) camera jam ! I be sorry Wayne . god. wayne ( v.o. ) Fucking dammit ! mickey hold onto that think . reload , quick ! int . holding cell - day we be back to color 35 mm . white leader fade to reveal the wall of the hold cell . camera pan onto mallory on the floor , splash water on she face from the hold cell toilet . the pain have start to subside . all wet , she lie down on the ground and sing : mallory ( sing ) Love be a hurtin ' thang , and it leave a fiery sting . scott ( v.o. ) okay . okay , we be up again . wayne ( v.o. ) Roll it . save the slate . CUT to : int . supply room - day 16 mm - black &amp ; white we be look through Scott 's camera again on a new roll of film . wayne you just say a instant of purity be preferrable to a lifetime lie . I do not understand . what 's so pure about forty - eight dead body ? mickey you will never understand . I and you , Wayne , we be not even the same species . I use to be you ... then I evolve . from where you be stand , you be a man . from where I be stand , you be a ape . I be here ... I be right here ... and you ... you be somewhere else , man . you say why ? I say why not ? wayne tell I about the purity . mickey ( laugh ) it 's not that easy , Wayne . donut and a smoke only get you so far . you be gonna have to do you job . wayne ( laugh ) okay...okay ... I will buy that . we will move on and come back later . mickey I be sure we will . wayne describe mallory . mickey describe mallory ? okay . she 's pretty , she 's get blonde hair , two eye , two foot , two hand , ten finger ... wayne do not play dumb with I , mickey . you know what I mean . describe mallory . ( point at he head ) what 's up here ? ( point at he heart ) what 's in here ? mickey that 's indescribable . wayne well , riddle I this , batman . how do you feel about the fact that you be never gonna see mallory again ? mickey ( smile ) say who ? wayne say the United States of America . mickey ( laugh ) when have they ever be right ? the crew laugh ( o.s. ) mickey hey , just like soupy sale . int . jail corridor - day scagnetti walk down the hallway lead to the supply room . his face be a patchwork of medical tape , to set he break nose . bloody cotton protrude from each nostril . int . supply room - day scagnetti walk into the supply room . mickey be explain to Wayne ' why he 's kill all that people . ' scagnetti can not believe what he 's see . the entire room be in rapture . mickey ... one night I be asleep , and a noise wake I up . I think , ' oh shit , somebody 's break in . ' I do not own a gun , so I go into the live room with a fuck umbrella . okay , it turn out to be nothing . God make the noise . who know ? scagnetti ( whisper ) how 's it goin ' ? wurlitzer ( whisper ) shhhh ! I wanna hear this . wurlitzer see scagnetti 's bandage face . wurlitzer what the hell happen to you ? scagnetti you should see the other bitch . what time you get ? wurlitzer two-thirty . shhh ... camera leave they and travel the room , study the face of the deputy , unruly Julie , Roger , and Wayne as they listen to mickey 's story . mickey but I come to the direction I need a gun . do , the next day I start off early for work , and I be gonna stop by a gun shop and pick up a little home protection . I walk into the place and have never see so many gun in all my life . so , I be lookin ' around , the this really nice sale guy come up to I . his name be Warren . I will never forget he name . he be really nice . anyway , Warren show I all this different model of gun . magnum , automatics , pistol , Walters . and I ask to see a shotgun . he bring I a mossberg pump action shotgun . as soon as I hold that baby in my hand , I know what I be gonna do . it feel so good . it feel like it be a part of I . they have a mirror in the store . I look at myself hold it , and look so fuckin ' good , I immediately buy it . buy a bunch of box of ammo . turned my car around , drive to mallory 's house , we take care of mallory 's parent , pack up the car , and we be off . dissolve to : same scene : shot through Scott 's camera : medium cu on mickey . mickey everybody think I would go crazy . the cop , my mom , everybody . but you see , they all miss the point of the story . I be not crazy . but when I be hold the shotgun , it all become clear . I realize for the first time my one true call in life . I be a natural bear killer . wayne okay , let 's cut it . back to : color 35 mm wayne ( to Scott ) do ya get that ? unruly Julie hand Wayne a notebook . he start flipping page . scott it 's gonna be beautiful . wayne Super cool . ( to mickey ) this be great stuff . how ya doin ' ? mickey I could go for a Coke . wayne ( yell ) could I get a Coke for mickey ? wurlitzer I be not run out and get that piece of shit a Coke . wayne fine. ( to unruly Julie ) Julie , why do not you make a food run ? ( to the room ) what 's around here ? deputy sheriff there 's a in and out burger about a block away on olive . it 's walk distance . wayne okay , Julie , take everybody 's order . I will have a double double with cheese , french fries , and a large Coke . unruly Julie write down Wayne 's order in she notebook , then go from person to person collect they order . scagnetti and wurlitzer talk to each other . wurlitzer be you all set ? scagnetti yeah . Bus be all gass up and ready to roll . wurlitzer I assign you bingham and Washington to go along . in b.g. , unruly Julie take Scott 's and Roger 's order . scagnetti yeah , we meet . they be good man . wurlitzer they be real goddamn good . they will be there for when ya need them . where be they ? scagnetti waitin ' in the lounge . wurlitzer how ' bout mallory ? scagnetti coolin ' she jet in a hold cell . unruly Julie walk up to the two man to take they order . in the b.g. , we hear the wall phone buzz . scagnetti nothing for I . I be leavin ' . wurlitzer I , neither . I do not eat meat . unruly Julie walk away . a deputy yell for wurlitzer . deputy sheriff capt and ! wurlitzer yeah ? the deputy hold the receiver of the wall phone in he hand . deputy sheriff they need you . emergency ! wurlitzer rush to the phone , grab the receiver . wurlitzer ( into phone ) talk to I . ( pause ) where ? ( pause ) for the love of pete...okay ...okay ...okay . mobilize the man . I be on my way . camera pan away from wurlitzer to the extremely curious eavesdropper . camera glide by all of they : scagnetti , Wayne , Scott , Roger , unruly Julie , and finally end up on mickey . camera hold on mickey as he contemplate wurlitzer 's conversation . off screen the phone receiver be slammed down . wurlitzer ( o.s. ) I will be a son of a bitch . there 's a riot go on in the laundry room . deputy sheriff ( o.s. ) be it serious ? wurlitzer ( o.s. ) it sure as hell be . they get gun , hostage , and explosive . the room react . wurlitzer ( o.s. ) Jack , could you stay up here for a while ? scagnetti ( o.s. ) yeah , sure . wurlitzer ( o.s. ) I be take one of this man . yate , come with I . wayne ( o.s. ) could we go with you and film it ? wurlitzer ( o.s. ) stay up here and finish you interview , I have get to see what the hell 's go on down there before I can take responsibility for you to film there . we hear wurlitzer and deputy yate walk out . unruly Julie walk into frame next to mickey . she have she notebook . mickey I will have a four by four . that 's four patty burger . now they do not have that on the menu , but if you order a four by four , they will know what you be talk about . a large Coke and two order of fries . when she finish write down mickey 's order , Julie walk off silently . camera follow Julie out the door and into ... int . jail corridor - day camera dolly with Julie as she walk down the corridor . as deputy with shotgun and riot gear speed down the hall , the camera pass Julie and speed down the corridor , follow the deputy into blackness . int . laundry room - day camera pan from blackness to wide angle of a dark jail wall masque with shadow of prison bar . the surreal echoing sound of a riot swell until ... a shadow of a prison guard stumble into frame , follow by a mob of other shadow carry nightsticks and bar . the mob catch the prison Guard and beat he mercilessly before move on . camera tilt down to a cu of a thin stream of blood crawl across the floor . fade to black : int . supply room - day shot through Scott 's camera : focus on mickey , who 's stand in a medium shot . mickey you guy wanna hear a joke I hear ? wayne ( o.s. ) sure . mickey now , I be no comedian , but it 's pretty funny . it 's a Little johnny joke . now in the joke , Little johnny can not talk . and Little johnny 's teenage sister ask she mother if she can go out on a date . as mickey tell this joke , he move around the room . Scott 's camera follow . mickey the mother ask , ' where 's he take you ? ' the sister say , ' the drive - in movie . ' the mother tell she she can only go if she take Little johnny with she . she say okay . they go to the drive - in , they come back . the mother get Little johnny and say , ' okay , what happen ? where do ya go ? ' mickey , as Little johnny , draw a square in the air , and act like he 's drive . mickey mother say , ' the drive - in movie . what do they do ?' mickey , as Little johnny , act like he 's kissing . mickey ' they kiss . what else ? ' mickey , as Little johnny , start squeezing imaginary breast . mickey ' he feel she up ? what else ? ' mickey , as Little johnny , act like he 's undress . mickey ( dumbfounded ) ' they take off they clothes ? what else ? ' mickey , as Little johnny , vigorously act as if he 's have sex . mickey ' they do it ? what be you do ? ' mickey , as Little johnny , vigorously act as if he 's jack off . everyone in the room break up . Wayne , the boy , the deputy , even scagnetti crack a smile . as mickey be tell the joke , he stop in front of deputy # 4 during the punchline . while everybody 's laugh , mickey slam he elbow in deputy # '' face . mickey grab hold of the shotgun , rip it from deputy # '' grasp , then bash he in the face three time with the butt . deputy # 4 drop , ugly and unconscious . Scott 's camera go wild . back to : color 35 mm . the other deputy react . mickey pump the shotgun slide and shoot , hit deputy # 5 in the chest , blowing he off he foot . he land on he back with a thud . deputy # 3 raise he shotgun . mickey drop to a crouching position and fire , blasting deputy # 3 in the groin . deputy # 3 crumple into the wall , firing he gun -- slow motion . the stray bullet thunks Scott right in the chest , blowing he out of frame . deputy # 3 drop to the floor , firing he shotgun straight up -- slow motion . cu of ceiling be blasted . chunks of plaster and rock rain down on sheriff # 3. scagnetti have whipped out he gun and be bring it up to fire -- slow motion . mickey , still crouch down , spin around toward scagnetti -- slow motion . scagnetti have he gun aim at mickey . squatte , mickey have the shotgun train on scagnetti . they be position across from each other on opposite side of the room . nobody fire . we dolly past the face of both Wayne and Roger , who be flat on the ground , scared to death . cu on scagnetti 's face . cu on mickey 's face . cu on scagnetti 's finger put pressure on the trigger , then camera move up to a cu profile of he face . overhead shot of mickey . camera move down in front of he into a cu on he face . mickey look like we get a mexican standoff . scagnetti slide the shotgun over here , put you hand behind you head , put you forehead on the floor . mickey or what ? you will wound I ? I can blow you in half and you know it . scagnetti I have never wounded anything in my life . I get you lock right between the eye . mickey rise . mickey if you do not drop that toy , I be blowin ' you in half on three . so , if you get I lock , take the shot . one ... dolly in on scagnetti 's gun in f.g. , past the gun , to he face . cu of barrel of shotgun . mickey ( o.s. ) two ... dolly continue close in on scagnetti 's face . Wayne watch , wide eye . ecu on mickey 's face . mickey Three ! medium shot on scagnetti . scagnetti hold it ! do not shoot ! he click the hammer back into place on he gun , then point the gun up . mickey open the chamber . empty the shell . scagnetti do . the shell fall out . the shell fall on the floor at scagnetti 's foot -- slow motion . mickey toss it . scagnetti do . mickey now put you hand behind you head . scagnetti do . mickey , hold the shotgun , walk up to scagnetti . they stand , face each other . mickey do you ever see ' eldorado ? ' scagnetti what ? mickey clout he across the face with the shotgun . scagnetti hit the ground . blood cough from he break nose . mickey look at Wayne and Roger on the ground . mickey you guy stay on you belly . roger yes , sir . mickey bend over scagnetti and take hold of he right hand . mickey I be the most dangerous man in the world . mickey snap the trigger finger on scagnetti 's right hand . scagnetti scream . mickey 's still bent over scagnetti . mickey ( point at scagnetti ) you be the law . ( point at himself ) I be the law breaker . scagnetti 's not go to give mickey and more trouble . mickey stand straight , look toward Wayne and Roger . mickey donut , get you camera . see if it 's break . wayne let I check on Scott . he 's hurt bad . mickey Scott 's dead . and unless you wanna play follow the leader , shut up and do as you be tell . Roger 's check the camera . he turn on the motor . it sound like a lawn mower . mickey how be it ? roger not good . mickey do you have a back up . roger it 's video . mickey even better . Wayne call you station , tell them we be go live a little early today . make it happen ! CUT to black : int . jail laundry room - day wurlitzer step into the black frame . this scene become a travelling cu that never leave wurlitzer . although we will only see wurlitzer , we can make out activity in the edge of the frame and we can vividly hear the sound of chaos around we . wurlitzer I want two man station in that tier , and I want man with rifle all along the walkway . pitney ( o.s. ) capt and ! wurlitzer walk over to a table and look down . pitney ( o.s. ) here 's the layout of the laundry room . wurlitzer where do the air duct lead ? pitney ( o.s. ) here . smithy ( o.s. ) Problem be they will hear somebody approach that way . pitney ( o.s. ) we turn off the power when they take over the room . wurlitzer we turn it back on . the machine go back on supplying we with the cover noise we need . smithy , do it . smithy ( o.s. ) right away , capt and . camera follow wurlitzer as he head another direction . wurlitzer jonesy , be the sharpshooter in place ? jonesy ( o.s. ) yes . wurlitzer you sure ? jonesy ( o.s. ) I think -- wurlitzer never say you think when you know , or you know when you think . wurlitzer snatch a walkie talkie . wurlitzer ( into walkie talkie ) bergman , you in place ? bergman ( o.s. ) ( from walkie talkie ) sure be , capt and . nothin ' clean yet . wurlitzer ( into walkie talkie ) pass this to you team ... the second they get a lock on a blue , they be to take the shot . do you understand ? bergman ( o.s. ) ( from walkie talkie ) that 's a big ten-four , capt and . wurlitzer look to he right . wurlitzer what do you think , Pitney ? how much explosive do you think that they really have in there ? pitney ( o.s. ) it 's hard to say capt and . wurlitzer take a wild stab ! pitney ( o.s. ) I will say enough to destroy this wing . wurlitzer the entire wing ? pitney ( o.s. ) that 's my opinion . wurlitzer Jesus ... CUT to : screen fill with static . insert title card : ' special report ' tv announcer ( v.o. ) we interrupt this program to bring you a special report . int . news room - day title Card recede in frame to expose a active news room in the b.g. News anchor tony chavez be lowering himself behind a desk while adjust he earphone . chavez good afternoon , I be tony Chavez and this be a kktv special report . at this moment we be receive preliminary report of a hostage -- ( finger earphone ) I ... I be sorry . I be be tell that we be now take you live to L.A. County jail where Wayne gayle be stand by . CUT to : int . supply room - day video footage : note : the video footage be all handheld and harshly light , until otherwise specify . Wayne , stand alone in frame , moment from when we last see he . wayne this be Wayne gayle report live from the Los Angeles County jail , where you can tell from the bloody carnage behind I that the final chapter in the book call mickey and mallory have not yet be write . mickey enter the frame with shotgun in hand , push Wayne out . mickey thank you , Wayne , but we little movie just underwent a title change . it 's now call ' the escape of mickey and mallory . ' star I , you , mallory , and special guest accomplice , Jack - fuck - up-finger -scagnetti . ( into camera ) okay , donut , move in for a close up . I want this for prosperity . camera zoom into a cu of scagnetti . mickey ( o.s. ) okay , buddy boy , where ya keepin' mallory ? I know she 's still here , and I know you know where . so , start talk or my first work as a director will be you death scene . scagnetti ( slightly out of it ) she 's in the hold cell , on this floor . mickey ( o.s. ) you be take we to that hold cell now . ( into camera ) all right , cut ! the camera shut off . screen fill with static . CUT to : int . news room - day tony Chavez speak into camera . chavez lady and gentleman , in case you have just tune in , it appear that a hostage situation involve mickey knox be develop presently at the Los Angeles County jail . we have see that he be armed and apparently there have be some loss of life . we will try to re-establish contact with Wayne gayle and bring you more on this late break story . please stay tune . insert title card : ' special report ' tv announcer ( v.o. ) this have be a kktv special report . CUT to : int . supply room - day back to : color 35 mm wide shot of mickey , hold he shotgun . he walk over and grab the shotgun from dead deputy # 5 . deputy # 5 will not let go of the gun from he dead man 's grip . mickey finally yank it loose . he extract all the shell from the gun , pick they off the floor , and put they in he pocket . mickey pick up scagnetti 's gun , insert the loose bullet and slip it into he pants . mickey okay , Jack , this be what we be do . stand behind I , put you back against mine and extend you arm behind you . scagnetti rise , insecurely . he press he back against mickey 's . mickey now if I feel you back move away from mine , you be gonna be rip apart . get it ? scagnetti 's back to back with mickey . his arm flank mickey . scagnetti yeah . mickey okay , Wayne , step forward . Wayne enter frame . mickey extend the shotgun . mickey keep comin ' . put you solar plexus against the barrel . Wayne do . mickey grab he arm . Wayne do and mickey quickly bind they arm together with gaffer 's tape , form a two man ring around he . mickey either one of you two move , it 's gonna be shotgun city . you understand ? wayne &amp ; scagnetti yes . mickey tuck the tape roll into he shirt . mickey you ready , donut ? roger ready . mickey wagon , hooaaa ! the hostage train start move . Wayne 's walk backwards with the shotgun barrel press against he midsection . scagnetti 's walk back to back with mickey and he own pistol press to he neck . Roger follow with the camera . int . holding cell - day mallory 's sit indian style , sing girl scout song to herself , and do the hand motion . mallory ( sing ) whataleeatcha , whataleeatcha dodaleedo , dodaleedo . whataleeatcha , whataleeatcha dodaleedo , dodaleedo . simplest thing there be not much to it . all ya gotta do be dodaleedo it . I like the rest , but the best part I like be whataleeatcha , whataleeatcha dodaleedo , dodaleedo , do quack , quack . the cell door open and the hostage train of Wayne , mickey , scagnetti , Roger and the camera , and two deputy they pick up along the way enter the room . the hostage be all wrap with tape . cu on mallory . she can not believe she eye . mickey ( to mallory ) honey , I be home . mallory run into mickey 's arm , passionately kissing . this kiss have be a year come . now they be do something everybody tell they they would never do again . for this moment they be the only two people on earth . we be enrapture , too . camera do a 360 around the loving couple . mallory ( in between kiss ) it 's take you so long to come to I . CUT to : int . jail laundry room - day a sheet of paper flash through frame . bailey ( o.s. ) here 's the list of the rioter . camera tilt to wurlitzer read , then look up . wurlitzer wait a minute , Bailey . where 's the list of the hostage ? bailey ( o.s. ) I be work on it capt and . wurlitzer keep on it , son . wurlitzer read the list to himself as he pace . wurlitzer ( read the name ) Alvarado , issac , Julian , martinez , newendyke , olvera , Pool , Ramos , Schmidt , spivey , walsh , westerguard ... wurlitzer drop into a chair , exhaust . he rub he face with he hand . napalatoni ( o.s. ) capt and . wurlitzer look up , then look back down . wurlitzer what be it napalatoni ? napalatoni ( o.s. ) mickey knox be loose . wurlitzer look up . wurlitzer what do you mean he 's loose ? napalatoni ( o.s. ) he 's armed , he 's kill three deputy and one of Wayne gayle 's guy . at the moment , he 's hold up with mallory knox in she hold cell with Wayne gayle , another tv guy , that cop fella , and two other deputy as hostage . and capt and , they have one of they news camera goin ' live to kktv . they will not stop playin ' it . what do you want we to do ? wurlitzer hold a freeze look , as if a fuse have blow and he mind have shut down . if he be to open he mouth now nothing would come out . he just sit . CUT to : int . holding cell - day the hostage have be cut free from each other and sit against the wall . Roger cradle the betacam in he lap , rock slowly as if in a trance , while scagnetti feebly splint he break finger with the tape that hang from he wrist . Wayne be stand , alert and ready for action . as for the two deputy , hostage deputy # 1 sit in anger , tight - lipped and stoic . the other , deputy duncan homolka be panicked and jumpy , one may never see a more nervous man . mickey and mallory stand over they with they weapon draw . mickey okay , we be go out that door , and we be gonna march down the hall and right out of the building . ( to Wayne ) do nut say something about a news van . wayne yeah , we have a van . mickey where 's it park ? wayne out front . mickey let I have the key . Wayne point to Roger . Roger dig through he pocket and toss the key to mickey . wayne mickey , can I talk to you alone ? mickey no . wayne this be crazy . you can not escape like this . mickey probably not , but we be gonna give it the old college try . wayne we will all be kill . mallory excite , be not it ? Duncan begin to cry . mickey now , when we get out there , you do what we say or it 's curtain . if we say move , you move . if we say leave , you move leave . if we say right , you move right . if we say mole , you dig a hole . get it ? mallory be we in a big hurry ? mickey you get something you want to do ? mallory yeah . mickey by all mean , knock yourself out . mallory thanks . Roll them , donut . Roger snap up and hoist the camera to he shoulder . video footage : shot through Roger 's camera : image focus on mallory as she point to scagnetti sit on the floor . mallory you ! stand up ! scagnetti gulp , then rise know that he have fuck with the wrong woman . mallory walk up to he with pistol in hand . mallory you probably think it be pretty funny , do not ya ? she raise scagnetti 's pistol , aim it at its former owner . scagnetti flinch and squirm . mallory can you remember the last time you fuck with I ? Close you eye and remember ... be ya think about it ? good . mallory fire three shot into scagnetti 's chest . Roger 's camera jump , then follow the body to the floor . Roger hold on scagnetti slump on the floor . duncan ( o.s. ) oh God ! oh God ! ohhhh ... mickey we be send out a hostage . do not touch he ! off screen the door be kick open . Roger 's camera whip around to witness mickey and mallory jump into the corridor , blasting with they gun while use the hostage for shield . Roger 's camera move out of the cell and ... int . jail corridor ( outside the holding cell ) - day there be even more deputy sheriff in the corridor . cross FIRE whistle by as Roger dodge to catch up with the caravan . the footage be very similar to Vietnam footage . it 's shaky , real , harsh , and it capture the pandemonium of battle . the soundtrack be a mixture of yell , cry , laugh , and gunfire . hostage deputy # 1 be shot , and discard by mickey . the wild caravan run down the hallway , firing behind they . mickey 's hit , but keep on run and firing . mallory see this and scream . mallory mickey ! mickey do not stop ! Roger 's camera run along with they . roger ( o.s. ) man , oh , man ... this be better than Vietnam ! more deputy appear at the end of the hallway . mickey and mallory get back to back with each other , use duncan as a shield in front of they and Wayne behind they . mickey fire from the front , mallory fire from the rear . duncan please do not kill I ! do not kill I ... camera whip pan to catch a deputy hopping around the corner . the screen flash white with a blast . Roger 's hit , and the camera go haywire , reeling out of control , the thunking to the ground . Roger scream o.s. camera lie on the floor , video still transmit . Roger roll into frame scream . mickey ( o.s. ) get the camera ! get the fuck camera ! back to : color 35 mm . as mickey fire cover for she , mallory swipe the camera from Roger 's side . the knox 's start run again , still hold Wayne and last hostage . deputy be lie on the ground , wounded and scream , or dead and silent . mickey ( to mallory ) this way . int . stairwell - day the caravan burst into the stairwell . mickey turn to Duncan the remain hostage deputy . mickey ( to Duncan ) where do this lead ? Duncan be hyper-ventilate . mickey push he against to wall . mickey where !?! duncan th -- the ground floor . mallory be that the front door ? Duncan nod frantically . mickey let 's go . mickey grab Duncan and the caravan start run down the stair . they go down a few flight . as they run down one last flight , they find wurlitzer and a team of deputy wait for they on the ground floor . the deputy raise they gun . mallory grab hold of Wayne , and get behind he with one hand press the barrel of she gun against he temple and she other be wrap around he neck , hold he close to she . mallory back off or I will blast he ! back off or I will blast he ! back off or I will blast he ! none of the deputy lower they gun , but they appear less likely to start shoot . Wayne scream . wayne do not shoot . I beg you , do not shoot ! please , please , please ... Wayne continue begging . wurlitzer step forward . wurlitzer now mickey , mallory , just let I say --- mallory shut up ! do not talk , I do not wanna hear it ! wurlitzer you have to know --- mallory I say shut up ... mallory quickly lower she gun from Wayne 's head and shoot he in the thigh . she whip the gun back up to he head . Wayne 's scream in pain . the deputy jump back . mallory ... and I mean shut up ! there 's a bit of a silent standoff . tear be stream down Duncan 's face as the caravan slowly retreat back up the stair to the next flight . the deputy hold they present position . CUT to : int . prison stairwell - day the caravan go up one flight , then stop . mickey and mallory let they two hostage sit down . Duncan be out and out hysterical , urine stain the front of he uniform . mickey 's pace . mickey think ... think ... think ... mallory lean up against the wall , hold she side with she hand . blood trickle out between the finger . we see now she 's be shot . over Duncan 's impassion clamour they can hear wurlitzer yell from below . wurlitzer ( o.s. ) give up ! there 's no other way out ! mickey sit down , utterly exhaust . mallory sit down next to. he . she wince in pain . he put he arm around she . mallory look , lover boy , we be not get outta here . so I say the hell with go back to we cell . let 's do a butch cassidy and the sundance kid . run down this stair shootin' , go out in a hail of bullet , but take as many of that motherfucker with we as possible . suddenly , mickey 's exhaustion lift . he have a plan . mickey we will do that when all else fail . mickey stand . mallory have not it ? mickey we still get a few trick up we sleeve . mickey confront the two hostage . he point at Duncan . mickey you marry ? duncan oh , I do not wanna die ... mickey be you marry ? do you have kid ? Duncan nod pathetically . mickey good . people , we be goin ' all the way to the front door . now , the only way we be gonna get there be if they do not want to kill you two more than they want to kill we . insert : shot of deputy with gun in they hand , just itching to kill mickey and mallory . we hear mickey 's voice over this shot . mickey ( v.o. ) right now I find that highly unlikely . so , let 's help them out , shall we ? back to prison stairwell : mickey be squatting in front of Wayne . mickey now , say I tell that guy down there if they shoot or make a move , I be killin' Wayne gayle . and they shoot or make a move anyway . now say by some freak accident , you do not die , you live though it . what would you do ? mickey pull the roll of gaffer' tape from he shirt and start tear strip of tape and stick they to the wall . wayne what would I do ? I and my network would sue the entire Los Angeles County sheriff Department for flagrantly disregard my safety . I would go straight to my buddy , the mayor , and make sure everyone of that son of a bitch down there end up on the unemployment line . in fact , I would sue every man down there personally . I would make it my life 's ambition to bring the LA County jail to its knee . I would do expose after expose on the brutality , and the condition , and the inhumanity that exist here . mickey toss the tape roll to mallory and gesture to Duncan . mallory wink at mickey . mickey smile and begin wrapping tape around the barrel of he shotgun . mickey that 's what I think . you tell they that . when we go down that stair , I want you to scream what you just tell I . ' my name be Wayne gayle ! I be the star of american maniac watch every week by '-- how many people ? wayne on average forty million . mickey ' every week by forty million people . I be a respected journalist . ' have you win any award ? wayne be you kid ? the Golden Globe , the Edward R. murrow award ... mickey ' respected journalist ' -- on you knee ... Wayne kneel in front of mickey . while mickey speak he prop he shotgun under Wayne 's chin and wrap the tape from the barrel around he neck . mickey ( continue ) ...' winner of the Golden Globe and the Edward R. murrow award among other . ' tell them the name of you personal lawyer , he firm , he address , and phone number . tell them about the mayor and the unemployment line . you get the idea ? wayne yes . mickey stand with Wayne as he tape he trigger hand to the stock of the shotgun . mickey say it . scream it . all the way out the front door and into you van . and if you stop scream , I swear to God I will blow you head off . wayne get it . mickey grab the camera , and lift it to he shoulder before shouting to Duncan . mickey you ! what 's you name ? Duncan can not answer , mallory have gag he with he tape . mallory grab Duncan by the collar and lift he off the floor before read he name badge . mallory Duncan ... homolka ? CUT to : int . prison stairwell ( ground floor ) - day wurlitzer and the deputy be decide they next move when they hear : mickey ( o.s. ) start . Wayne and Duncan come into view with the knox behind they . the deputy quickly raise they gun , but soon realize if they take out either mickey of mallory that Wayne or Duncan would die . mallory 's right hand be tape to the trigger and stock of the shotgun that 's wrap firmly to Duncan 's neck . the pistol in she leave hand be train on wurlitzer . mickey 's leave hand master the shotgun leash on Wayne , while he monitor the deputy with the camera on he right shoulder . note : the follow scene will intercut between video footage and color 35 mm . Wayne start belting out he speech as mickey focus the camera on wurlitzer . Duncan simply cry and beg for he life to be spare . wayne ( yell ) my name be Wayne gayle ! I be the star of ' american maniac ' , watch by forty million people every week ! I be a respected journalist , winner of the Golden Globe , the Edward R. murrow Award among other ! if anybody put I in danger , my network will sue the Los Angeles County sheriff Department . my estate will sue every officer personally who fire . the network 's law firm be rowland , Davis and sinclair ... mickey know what he be do . this have a effect on the deputy . mallory ( yell ) make a path ! the wall of deputy start move backward . the knox and they hostage start move forward with Wayne yell all the way . the deputy keep they gun train on the caravan , but they keep give ground , until they reach the door of the front lobby and they begin to part like the Red Sea . wurlitzer stand he ground . wurlitzer how far do you think you gonna get ? mickey right out the front door . wurlitzer that will never happen . mickey it be happen . the caravan march forth . Wayne and Duncan keep shouting they speech . nobody dare to move on they , but the deputy keep they weapon ready . Wayne stop he speech to take a breath . mallory do not stop ! Wayne start up again . the deputy be completely frustrated . mickey and wurlitzer be nose to nose . wurlitzer ( to mickey ) I will personally hunt you down , blow the head off you fuck - whore - wife , and plant you sick ass in the ground all by myself . mickey ( calmly ) another day perhaps , but not today . mickey leave frame . CUT to : ext . county jail - day the door swing wide in slow motion as the caravan of mickey , mallory , Wayne and Duncan take they first step into the open air . a crescent of deputy frame the group in the b.g. while wurlitzer stand , defeat , just behind mickey . freeze frame on wide angle . image dissolves to black &amp ; white before burning into white leader . ext . wood - day the white leader be disrupt by a fogge image in black &amp ; white . the image settles into a ecu of Wayne . he 's be film by a 16 mm camera that he be presently balance on a fence post . this entire scene be play out cinema verite . the SOUND be not in sync as Wayne step back into a mo shot . he look directly into the camera . wayne this be Wayne gayle . I be wounded and my crew , Roger and Scott , be dead . this may be out of sync ' cause we be shoot with a wild camera and a standard recorder we find in the van . mickey knox 's plan work . we walk out the front door , into my news van and make we getaway . when we be follow by patrol car , mallory knox kill deputy sheriff Duncan homolka and toss he body out of the back . mickey tell authority over my police band that I would surely be next if they do not give up the pursuit . they take mickey at he word and call off the pursuit . why helicopter be not employ , I do not know . my only think be it all happen too fast for arrangement to be make . we have just pull off to the side of the road to do this interview . tension run high -- mickey scream o.s. mickey ( o.s. ) we be not get all fuckin ' day ! wayne without any further ado , mickey and mallory ... Wayne step forward and pick up the camera and while conduct he interview , the camera remain hand hold . camera focus on mallory sit on a stump , while mickey pace in and out of frame in the b.g. wayne mallory , what do you think of mickey 's plan ? do you think it would work ? mallory it be not ' till we get on the ground floor that I totally realize they be not gonna shoot unless we shot first . when we get out of the stairwell , I remember think , ' oh my God . this might work . ' but mickey know it would work all along . there be not any doubt in he mind . it 's not like there be and he just do not show it . he know it would work . wayne ( o.s. ) what do you think then ? mallory I wonder how long it would be before we would get to be alone together . and I wonder if I could wait that long . wayne ( o.s. ) do you have anything to do with the riot in the laundry room ? mallory have not you be listen to a fuckin ' word I say ? ... oh , I be sorry . can I say fuckin ' ? I can not , can I ? wayne ( o.s. ) try to keep it to a minimum . mallory we have nothing to do with that riot . that riot be just -- whatchmacallit -- mickey can be hear faintly in the b.g. mickey Divine intervention . mallory what he say . we do not know jack shit about and riot . it just happen . it be kismet . we do not even know that people . how be we suppose to organize a riot when we have be in fuckin ' isolation for the past year ? just bleep out the fuck and jack shit . ( laugh ) I mean , it 's not like we care . if they wanna say we mastermind the whole thing , let them . it will not exactly keep we up at night . but you say you want the truth , and the truth be we be just lucky . mickey 's snap he finger in the b.g. mickey c'mon , c'mon , let 's hurry this up . wayne ( o.s. ) so , what now ? mallory well , now I and mickey be gonna take it easy . just enjoy each other 's company , stop and smell the rose , notice the color purple , stuff like that . wayne ( o.s. ) how do you intend to disappear ? you be probably the most famous couple in America . mallory well , back in slave time they have a thing call the underground railroad . and we get a whole fan club out there just wait to be conductor . ( to the camera ) so , you kid out there , keep the faith . Cause mickey and mallory will be comin ' to you town real soon . mickey okay , that 's enough . end of interview . we gotta move . mickey approach Wayne . camera go a little haywire as Wayne lower it from he eye . wayne ( o.s. ) okay , just let I swing around and film myself ask the question . and then I will do my little wrap up . mickey take the camera from Wayne , and while he speak , he balance it on a fence post . mickey oh , we be gonna do a little wrap up , all right . but it will not be you starin ' in the camera , look dumb , and act stupid . instead , you be gonna be starin ' down the barrel of we shotgun and we be gonna be pullin' the triggers . Wayne force a chuckle . mickey step away from the camera and into a three shot . the news van be park in the b.g. wayne that 's a joke right ? mickey pump the slide of he shotgun . mallory grab she shotgun from off the ground . wayne just wait one fuck minute . mickey I say I would give you a interview . now unless I be mistaken , we just do a interview . ( to mallory ) we do a interview , do not we ? mallory look like a interview to I . mickey I say we would give you a interview . I never say we would not kill you . wayne wait ! I do not know , but I kinda feel during this ... this whole escape that a kind of bond -- Wayne be shaking . wayne ( continue ) ... develop between the three of we . we be kindda in this together , do not ya think ? mickey no . not really . wayne do not touch that triggers ! please . I think I have already prove that a live Wayne gayle be much more better that a dead ... Way -- gayle . I be you passport out of jail , not Duncan homolka . but I ! I will be you passport outta --- mickey just save you breath , Wayne . we hate you . if anybody in the fuckin ' world deserve to die , it 's you . Wayne be grasp for anything . wayne wait ! you can not kill I . mickey and mallory always leave somebody alive to tell the tale . mickey we are. ( point to camera ) you camera . mickey turn to mallory . mickey ( John Wayne voice ) let 's make a little music , colorada . wayne no !!! the two interview subject start pumping round into Wayne , who 's body dance like a puppet before collapse to the ground . mickey and mallory kiss each other passionately , then climb into the news van , they drive away . Wayne 's body lay peacefully in frame until the camera eventually run out of film . CUT to black : a film direct by rand vossler a noja production .