assass1 nat10n nat10n written by Sam levinson November 21st 2016 - fourth draft / unlocked / alt assassinationnationofficial.tumblr.com over black : '' 10 percent of any population be cruel , no matter what , and 0 percent merciful , no matter what , and the remain 80 percent can be move in either direction . '' - Susan sontag fade in : ext . salem - afternoon 1 we follow four kide on bike riding through the suburban street of Salem . one of the kid hold a roman candle , shoot it off into the sky as he ride . one of the kide veer off from the rest , pedale through the neighborhood , as the camera float up to a bird eye view of the suburb . pass a sea of identical look home , family load grill and cooler into they car , girl in bikinis , guy in tank top . we hear a voice gwhe we will come to know as erostr4tus ) disguise by a voice change app - it 's disembody , low , and frightening : erostr4tus ( v.o . ) you really have to see people from above . they whole life splay out like a crime scene . I do not care what you say you believe . what you intention may be . whether they be just or unjust . I care about action . the boy on the bike head down to the football field , where the whole town be gather . he drop he bike and we begin to follow mayor bartlett , 40' , cap tooth , all smile and handshake as he and he family make they way into the bleacher . erostr4tus ( v.0 . ) every text . photo. e-mail . search query . that be who you be . the sum of all one 's action . that be what define you . camera float above the stand until we ourselves be look straight down upon the field . the school drum line begin to take they position : erostr4tus . ( v.0 . ) and that be how I will judge you . from above . without emotion . without mercy . for today , God exist . and it be I . a giant american flag , half the size of the football field , be unfurl in the middle of the frame . the crowd roar . and over the flag and the roar of the crowd , in black , elegant cursive : assassination Nation the drum line erupt into a frenetic , battle song as the credit play over the billow flag on the fiel the music be frenetic , disjoint , and ( after what we just hear ) very unsettle . int . lily 's bedroom - afternoon 2 the face of lily colson , 18 . we see she stretch out across the lap of she boyfriend , MARK , 17 as he film she with he phone . they be both clothed . behind lily on the wall be a giant poster of faster pussycat kill ! kill ! he slowly push he finger into she mouth . MARK you could be a fuck pornstar , you know that ? lily you think ? fuck yeah , wine way you make eye contact while suc ing my dick ? it 's crazy . he push he finger deeper into she throat as she gag a little . her eye tear up but she do not break eye contact . he pull he finger out . lily I love look at you when you cum , the way you face scrunches up ... MARK my face do not scrunch up . lily yeah it do . MARK shut up . Mark smear she mascara with he finger . lily it 's true . like this ... she make the face . MARK you be make I sound like I 'ma girl or some shit . lily well , when you cum you look like one . MARK why ? lily think about it . look up at Mark . lily I do not know . you just look like , so vulnerable . int . lily 's car - afternoon 3 lily , wear sunglass , drive through the endless suburban sprawl of salem . ext . salem STREET - moment later 4 as lily pull up outside em 's house , she notice across the street , nick and rose mather , 40s , unload they car with they daughter , carly , 7 . as lily get out of she car - rose look who it be ! Carly start to run into the street toward lily . carly lily ! lily ! before she parent , whose arm be full , can react , lily grab she and lead she back onto the sidewalk . lily Carly , you have to be careful ! Nick approach a few second delay - nick do not scare I like that , Carly . what do we say ? never cross the street without a adult , right ? rose it 's so good to see you , lily : we wish you have come back , the kid really miss you . lily I know , it 's 8 , just a lot with school and stuff , college application ... carly but I miss you ! lily ( bend down ) I know , I miss you , too . lily look up at Nick and Rose , stand behind she . rose well , we have get to put this one in the bath . but if you have a free night , come by for dinner . lily I will . thank you , Rose . we track back with lily as she cross the street towards em 's house , flipping she sunglass up on to she head . underneath , she mascara be still smear . she_glance back over she shoulder to see Nick , hold Carly , look back at she . int . lacey house - continuous 5 lily enter em 's house to find nance lacey , 40 's sit on the live room couch , give some guy , 40 's , a foot rub as they drink beer and watch reality tv . , . nance what 's go on , lily ? lily another happy day . nance ( be : she smear mascara ) have you be cry ? lily no . some boy just stick he finger down my throat . nance oh wow . lily trust I , it 's not nearly as sexy as it sound . as lily head up the stair - some guy ( eyebrow raise ) she seem nice . nance ( giggle ; slap he chest ) you dog . int . em lacey' bedroom - same 6 em lacey , 16 and she step -sister sarah , 18 hang out with bex * warren , i7 , tran -feminine . they 's be watch a make up tutorial as bex do Sarah 's make up . * lily enter she room , collapse on em 's bed . bex have you be cry ? lily roll over , look at they . lily ; no . by the way , who 's the rapist on the couch with you mom ? sarah it 's too depress to talk about . bex wait , do you just get face fuck ? lily noooooooo0 ! ( to em and Sarah ) you guy : she 's literally give he a foot rub . em oh my god , I be gonna throw up . bex then what happen , lily ? lily nothing . he stick he finger down my throat . em who ? the rapist ? lily ew. no . the fuckboy . em oh. still ...? ew . that 's literally only a fraction less disgusting . lily whatever . but who 's Sir rape a lot ? bex okay . all the rape joke be make I seriously uncomfortable . lily I be not joke , bex . have you see he ? ( bex shake she head '' no '' ) he 's super duper rapey . em it 's true . he 's really rapey . sarah it 's like mace first , ask question later . em totally . bex , you can not get angry because it 's literally like the only descriptor . bex okayyyy , I get it . lily what 's he name ? em I do not know . some guy . I literally do not even let she introduce I . sarah em , have you see he hand ? he have that spoon- like nailbed - em spoon-like ? sarah you know that flat wide nail that pedophile have ? em ( recoil ) ugh ! stop ! her life kill my soul . sarah you be tell I . lily 's phone buzze with a text , it 's from someone name [ heart eye ] daddy : i think about you every second of every lay . its fuck painful . she hide she phone . ; sarah ( cont ’d ) wait . guess who 's sexting bex ? bex he 's not sexting , he 's texting . lily whatever . who ? . bex diamond . lily diamond , like barely literate , six - pack , football , diamond ? sarah yesssssss . lily ( think ... then ... ) oh , that 's kinda hot . I know . we shad a lab together and now he 's always texting I at like one in the morning be like '' what be you do ? '' and I be like '' literally nothing . I be do nothing . '' sarah guy be so lame . they all groan . em wait , do Mark go down on you yet ? ( off lily 's look ) what do you mean , no ? you say you be gonna break up with he if he do not start go down on you . lily yeah , well -- sarah seriously lil , that 's so not okay . we be ata '' point in human history where it 's like , man who do not eat pussy be straight up sociopathic . they all burst out laugh . bex quote em in a tumblr post that we see be write on screen : Men who do not eat pussy be sociopathic - em em ( cont 'd ) I be not kid ! I be like angry about this . sarah you should just go over and sit on he face . em put he in a ufc triangle choke . suffocate he with you pussy and be like do not deserve oxygen until you make I cum . sarah what be you talk about ? when be the last time someone go down on you ? em who care ? he 's a monster . fact . slam CUT to : go pro footage 7 Old and degrade , grainy , from the Pov of a motorcyclist on windy road . speedometer read 100mph . and as he go around a bend , a oncoming mack truck smashes straight into he . camera go black . and the footage re-loop as we pull back to realize we have be watching a gif on a computer - int . marty kolker 's bedroom - night 8 marty kolker , 16 , sit at he computer , surfing through 4 chan board . the usual mix of porn , death gif , cat video , and video game talk . he come across a thread title '' assassination nation . salem . '' created by : erostr4tus he click on it - under the thread be assort comment : yo be this real ? // holy fuck // lolz he download the attach .zip file . open it . it 's about a year 's worth of mayor bartlett 's text message , e-mail , photo , search history , credit card information , social security number . all label and sort . he start flipping through the photo . the Mayor with he wife and child . birthday party , selfies , supporter he 's meet , local politician . bureaucratic e-mail , correspondence with he wife . etc. etc . until he come across a section of bartlett 's search history where he 's clearly be look for male escort online . and then ... full body photo of the mayor in lingerie , he face blacked out in anonymous craigslist ad : sissy slut took for hang top . must be discreet . we see he open up a group chat with 6 friend . he drop a link into it and type : someone go down lulz he press send . ext . suburban neighborhood - night 9 Sarah turn up the music '' shhh '' by raye as camera tilt down to_find bex hang onto the back bumper of lily 's car , roller - skate in a dark red kimono , erican flag legging , and a shirt that read : '' the patriarchy wo not fuck itself . '' em twist around in the front seat to film she . the flash on she iphone illuminate bex . we enter into a SNAP chat story -— ( and we see the rest of the day unfold through anyone and everyone who 's snap-chatt with the salem geo - tag . it should feel as disjoint as it would actually be . ) - SNAP : the roar of the crowd as the home team win the game . - SNAP : someone run behind johnny , 18 , star of the football team , as he take off he helmet and shake he sweaty blond hair . he high fives the crowd as they cheer he on . mayor bartlett stop he , flash he cap tooth , and say : mayor bartlett I play politics like you play football . I win , baby , I win ! - SNAP : quick zoom on johnny as he pick up reagan , 17 , captain of the cheer squad . the caption read : [ eye roll emoji ] true terror be to wake up one morning and discover that you high school class be run the country - vonnegut - SNAP : diamond , 17 , another football player , spray axe over he shirtless body . johnny approach from behind he . johnny yo , diamond , that smell so good . what be it ? diamond and johnny , turn to the camera in unison : johnny & diamond it 's anarchy . by axe . - SNAP : a pomeranian try to hump a rottweiler : [ ery laugh emoji ] - SNAP : reagan , and bb , 17 rant into the camera . reagan really ? really bitch ? you think you can catfish my man with you fuck wack ass finsta . you do not think I make he send I he password ? think again , bitch . this pussy whip . she flip off the camera . caption : IM do wit U !!! - SNAP : someone film they computer as_they flip through the photo of mayor bartlett in lingerie : always know the mayor be creepy [ wide eye emoji ] - SNAP : kyle , 18 shirtless 6 - pack lay in bed , talk to the camera : kyle look , if I ’mma have a body like Zac efron , you should have a body like whoever Zac efron 's fuck . the caption : '' psa lady '' - SNAP : Mark , with he two friend , mason and eric , 16 - 17 somewhat play to camera -— 10 11 10 . MARK I hear there be a party tonight at greenwald 's , but who the fuck be greenwald ? eric ( muffle , in background ) I think he 's the tall lanky kid with the anime eye . MARK whatever . greenwald , who the fuck be you ? where do you live ? = SNAP : someone filming a save by the Bell episode , jessie spano in she bedroom fumble wi caffeine pill as zack morris scream : zack morris pill ! so you be take drug ? jessie spano I have to sing ! ( start to sing maniacally ) I be so excite . I ’m so excite ... i'm so ... ( she start to sob ) scare . we hear the person behind the camera burst into laughter as the SNAP story begins to move into greenwald party - i/e. greenwald 's party ( SNAP story ) - night 10 rapid cut . Music blast ( glip with each snap ) give the party a disjoint , manic feel . - SNAP : Cars line the block : greenwaldz be poppin ! - SNAP : 2 girl push they boob together in a bathroom . - SNAP : some kid who may be greenwald have 2 girl twerk on he with a [ cat emoji ] over he face . - SNAP : sad girl look into the_camera with the caption : every time i’m at a party i feel so alone - SNAP : camera zoom in on a girl 's under butt with the caption : I see u sluuuuuut . CUT to irl : int . greenwald 's party - night 11 em , Sarah , bex and lily be sprawle out on a couch in the live room . teens dance to music in front of they . a dude in a hoodie approach Sarah , hold out a red cup . sarah what be this a after-school special ? not. A. Fucking . chance . dude. 11 . the dude walk off . em be look at she phone . * em oh my fuck God . em hand the phone to bex , who grimace as she look at a photo of the Mayor dress as a woman , hold he dick . bex first of all , ew , second of all , ewwww , third of all , I know he be a fuck hypocrite . lily what be it ? bex Mayor bartlett dress as a woman fuck masturbate . ew. ew. ew. she hand it to lily who then hand it Sarah . * sarah why do middle age man who cross dress always have the worst taste in lingerie ? bex * totally . * sarah ( to em ) * where do you get this ? where have you * find this ? em mason send it to I . sarah ; Mayor bartlett send it to mason ? em scream across the dance floor at mason , 17 , who 's sit with eric and MARK . they be all drink forty - em do bartlett send this to you ? mason what ? she send a text to mason : ugh . cmere mason sigh as he gets_up and walk over , plopping down on the couch next to em. Eric follow sit next to Sarah . * em where would you get this ? mason literally a thousand people send it to I . someone hack he shit . 12 . ( realiz : tng ) fuuuiuckkkekk k. mason I know . someone post he whole life . email . texts . photo . and that 's not even the worst one . there 's some that be super disgusting . em like what , what , what ? tell I . mason like dude get fuck fuck . they all scream in horror . bex I have to see that ! lily , off to the side , get a text from someone mark in she phone as [ heart eye ] daddy : daddy : what do you mean he do not go down on you ? iily : Legit he doesnt . dadi ly : id never fuck you until youve at least cum in my mouth twice . mason show em , bex , and Sarah . they scream . bex start to scan twitter for any mention of bartlett . bex ( cont 'd ) why be it always the people who be e against lgbtqiaa rights that be - trigger warning - the gayest ? em one thousand percent . sarah ( look at the photo ) but on the real , face swap barlett for Ryan gosl ... soak . lily : [ heart eye emoji ] unfffff that make I so wet why isnt every ey tt '' 7 ° 0u ??? daddy : ow ke ow wet lily : I be at a party lily turn to the girl - lily wait do not he like have a wife and kid ? em yeah but she 's gross . her phone buzze . daddy : find a bathroom > 12 13 13 . int . greenwald 's party - moment later 12 we follow lily as she walk through the party . in the kitchen , she pass reagan , and _ she three best friend , bb , grace and nikki ( 17 - 18 . ) they all seem drunk . reagan look at lily . reagan hey whore . lily sup cunt . reagan ( turn to she friend ) that be definitely a escalation . we follow lily as she head up the stair and run into johnny , who 's shirtless and hold a bottle of tequila . a few other bros flank he - johnny wanna shot of tequila ? lily no. I be drive . lily try to push past but a bro name kyle ( 18 ) block she . kyle what be you a fuck good girl ? lily I literally do not know how to respond to this much testosterone . she push past they and head upstairs . she open the bathroom door to find greenwald , ( 15 ) pass out on the floor . she sigh . pick up he leg and drag he into the hallway . go back inside and lock the door behind she . int . greenwald 's party - moment later 13 as bex and sarah dance with one another . bex notice that diamond be watch she . she whisper to Sarah . bex do not look but diamond be eye fuck I so hard right now . Sarah dance around bex and check out diamond on the low . she look back to bex , eye wide . bex ( cont 'd ) right ? ( quietly ) slay queen slay . > E 14 15 14 . bex start to dance more seductively with Sarah as she lock * eye with diamond . * int . party , basement - later 14 a giant cloud of weed smoke come out of diamond 's mouth . we hear the thumping of the bass above - bex and diamond be in the basement , smoking out of a tiny window . bex I can not reach . diamond lift she up to help she reach the window . as he put she down , he do not take he hand away . bex ( cont 'd ) oh yeah ? diamond what ? bex be you drunk ? diamond yeah , a little ... bex I just can not ... read you . a beat . he kiss she . they start to make out . he 's run he hand over she , grab she ass . she pull back . bex look at he , confuse , a bit hesitant . diamond you be so pretty . we watch as she take in the compliment before lean in and kissing he , passionately . he lift she up and sit she on a card table as they continue to make out . int . party - same 15 em dance in front of Sarah who lay sprawle out on the couch , roll a joint . Eric , mason and other hang around . + Sarah light up the joint . em crawl on top of she , still dance , and take a hit . she look at mason and smile who watch she grind she hip , transfix . Sarah look to Eric and back at em. whisper something in she ear and they both start giggle . ee eric ( lean into Sarah ) can I get a hit ? + she do not respond . as em roll off she and back onto the * dance floor . * 16 15 . eric ( cont 'd ) ( again ) hey Sarah ... can I get a hit ? Sarah look over at he - sarah open you mouth . eric what ? sarah open . your. mouth . he open he mouth . Sarah roll on top of he , straddle he . his mouth still open . sarah ( cont 'd ) wider . he open wider . sarah ( cont ’d ) if you try to kiss I ... I will hurt you . he nod . as Sarah flip the joint around , put the light end in she mouth . she lean down over Eric and begin to blow a steady stream of smoke into he mouth . she take the joint out of she mouth . sarah ( cont 'd ) now , swallow . Eric gulp the smoke into he lung . he stare at she for a long tense beat . eric I would do anything to fuck you . she lean in close . sarah I know . over to em , dance . she get a text . mason : you wanna go to my car to chill . em : ok they both get up and walk out of the party . omitted 16 + > E + 16 . 17 int . basement - continuous 17 diamond start to pull off bex 's shirt while they make out . she tense up . bex , / they be not like super big . diamond that 's okay . bex you sure ? diamond yeah . she let he take she shirt off . 18 int . mason car - moment later 18 em and mason sit in he car . there 's nothing say . he hit the recline button on he seat and em watch as he descend into place . it stop . he look at she . mason you should recline yours , it 's much comfier . she recline hers , and the seat hum until she find herself lay across from he . mason ( cont ’d ) you wanna like hook up ? em I guess so . if you want . mason yeah . I mean if you do . em sure . they both lean over and start kissing at a awkward angle . they pull away . a beat . mason do you want like , more to drink ? 19 int . kitchen - same 19 Sarah sit on the kitchen counter as Grace interrogates she . grace scarlett johansson ? * 20 17 . sarah not even a question . of course ... kendrick ? grace I would get he to go down on I and mouth the entire '' Control '' verse ... James corden ? sarah I do not fuck with late night . grace I know , but he seem so sweet . I pest want to lay on top of he and eed he ice cream . ( they laugh ) ... Ben affleck ? . sarah . oo only if the baby sitter join . grace wait , I do not remember , be the baby sitter hot ? sarah all baby sitter be hot . Reagan wander in , drunk . reagan what about bex ? grace we be do famous people not real people . reagan no , seriously , what about bex ? would you fuck she ? sarah who say we have not ? grace wait , really ? sarah why be this so hard to understand ? it 's 2017 , gender be irrelevant . Sarah throw back she drink . int . bathroom - same 20 lily have the phone angle below she , masturbate on video . close on : lily face as she lean she head back . we watch as she breath begin to slow into short , staccato gasp . HH ohh HH % + + + 21 22 22a 18. int . greenwald 's party - continuous 21 all SOUND be mute except for the SOUND of lily breath . the camera move through the partys past the drunken face , the avert glance , the awkward brush of two leg on a couch , and through the general horror of teenage life ... we begin to CUT to the face of the kide . the one we know and the one we do not . bex , lay on the card table , she cheek flushed . em , as she run she hand through mason 's hair . MARK . eric . reagan . bb. johnny . grace . nikki . from freshman to senior . the awkward . the cool . the drunk . the high . the sober . one after another . faster and faster , from face to face . and over this we hear the disembodied voice of erostr4tus ... ( distort through a voice mask software ) erostr4tus ( v.o. ) I know you because I have be watch you . watch you little life unfold . you little fling and you little love . I have see it all . the lie you tell and the truth you hide . all in search of a connection . a human connection . be not that what this be all about ? you want to be know . truly know . by someone . anyone ... ( beat ) well , today be you lucky day . as lily climax ... slam CUT to : int . basement - same 22 bex be lie across the table , she bra undone . diamond start to buckle up he pants . she look up at he , tenderly . diamond you know you can not tell anyone about this . his word hit bex like a punch to the gut - int . party back upstair 22a lily walk out of the bathroom , as the blue and red light of cop car show up outside . people start to scatter . em run inside and find lily and Sarah amid the flee teenager . as they head down the step toward the basement , diamond pass they , avoid eye contact . 23 24 25 26 19 . as they head into the basement , they find bex still lie on the table , tear stream down she face . close : lily lean over and kiss she tear , sit she up , and take bex in she arm . ext . greenwald 's - moment later 23 the girl dart through a neighbor 's 's yard and out to the street where they find lily 's car . as they drive off , camera ascend to a bird eye Pov . we watch the partygoer dart from the house like rat . CUT to black . and out of the black . grainy webcam footage : 24 a figure wear a american flag hockey mask lean forward . erostr4tus ( voice masked ) look at all of you ... you have no idea what 's come . the SUN rise . '' hard time '' by seinabo sey play . i/e . montage as the girl get ready for school - morning 25 ( the follow will be play at 2 x it 's normal speed in the style of make up tutorial and other YouTube fare ... ) we CUT between lily , bex , Sarah and em as they be all separately appl ing they make up - patting foundation on , contour , ding up heavy smokey eye , winge liner , bold lip a la lana Del rey ... they try on outfit , discard top , skirt , legging until each respective floor be cover in clothes . we shift into slow motion , as each one of the girl look directly into the camera - check they reflection . ext . lacey house - morning 26 lily honk the horn . bex sit shotgun , as they wait outside . lily how be you feel ? bex just look at she , shake she head . bex I be fine . it 's like whatever . bex reach over and lay on the horn . Sarah and em come run out . 27 20 . em okay okay , okay , okay , chill , chill , chill , Jesus fuck Christ , so annoying . sarah do not look at I , blame the fuckin’ fifth kardashian in the back with the 45 minute contour . int . lily 's car - same 27 as they drive to school and listen to music . bex - and you know they be gonna have a press conference and he wife be just go , to be stand there , ike the literal human embodiment of the gritting tooth emoji . bex talk through gritt tooth . bex ( cont 'd ) we be so happy ! we love marriage ! Marriage yay !!! the girl burst out laugh . bex , still gritting she tooth - bex ( cont 's D ) right kid ?ie. & yeah !!! lily here 's he house . they continue to laugh as they drive past bartlett 's house . there 's a few newscaster out front but it 's still a local story . em ugh . I live for this type of scandal . sarah I know , right ? be that bad ? em the casey Anthony trial ? sarah riv-i-ted ! oh my god , and we have just get tivo ... Sarah make the tivo '' bloop bloop . '' em answer , tivo '' bong . '' lily remember when she nude leak ? em oh my god , yes . any mirror pic with a actual camera be so sad . > + + 28 21. bex that be one hundred percent '' I kill my daughter nude . '' em she be find not guilty , bex . that 's libel . bex oh yeah , what 's casey gonna do ? Sue I and reopen that can of worm ? em that remind I . I still have a twenty thousand word Nancy Grace fanfic in my draft . lily I literally forget sometimes how weird you be and then you say some shit like that - sarah no , no . it 's actually super legit . yeah , remember in the deathly hallow when bellatrix low - key rape hermione ? so it 's a au crossover fem slash rape revenge where hermione use Nancy to trial by media that bitch . sarah it 's fire . lily I rest my case . bex oh my god . I love this song . bex turn up the music as '' walk this Way '' by m' begin to blast . the girl sing along and dance as it carry we into - int . salem high - morning 28 the Girls walk down the hallway . in the distance , bex spot diamond chat with johnny , Reagan , nikki , etc . bex it 's amazing how someone so inconsequential can make you feel so inconsequential . lily swing she arm around bex . lily fuck fuckboy . all fuck fuckboy . 22 . lily lean over and kiss bex . lily now hold you head high . diamond spot bex as she strut right past they . johnny , he arm around Reagan , yell out . johnny lookin 's good today bex . bex what ? johnny I say lookin’ good today . bex obviously . bex hold she head high as diamond avert he eye . principal turrell , 40' walk toward lily . principal turrell lily , can I have a word with you in my office ? em & sarah ooooooohhh .... lily be I in trouble ? principal turrell why the guilty conscience ? lily because you have never just invite I into you office for tea and scone . 29 int . principal 's office - day 29 lily sit across from principal turrell . principal turrell - so what 's go on between you and miss Dawson ? lily ( sigh ) she reject my portfolio for ap art. ich be total bullshit . I do not mean to sound arrogant , but it 's true . I be good . I be not great but I know I be good . drawin like the only thing I actually spend time on or ske care about . so I do not know what kind of personal issue she have with I but - 23 . principal turrell well , she mention something about the drawing be pretty explicit . lily define explicit . principal turrell - she say they be drawing of naked woman engage in sexual situation . lily then by that definition botticelli be explicit . principal turrell do you have you portfolio with you ? May I see ? she opens_her bag and hand it to he . turrell start to flip through . it 's a Series of stylize ink and watercolor drawing of young woman take nude selfies . stand in front of mirror , lay on they back , on they hand and knee . splay . spread . arched . one after another . each face illuminate by a halo of light emanate from they iphone screen . principal turrell ( cont 'd ) it 's beautiful work . lily thanks . principal turrell I mean it lily , you be really talented . lily thanks . principal turrell with you grade and you talent , you could go to the school of you choice . lily I just do not know how it 's explicit . like I do not know what world you guy live in , but it 's not explicit . principal turrell lily , this be drawing of young woman in pornographic pose . it 's not just explicit , it 's very extreme . lily what be ? the draw ? or the fact that there 's 5.8 billion naked selfies online ? people always sa draw from life . well this cf like . 24 . principal turrell well , it 's a aspect of life , sure . but I have argue that there be many other area of life that may be more deserve of you artistic talent . lily I disagree . but you be a man . I do not expect you to understand . principal turrell try I . lily all you be look at be the nudity . but it 's not about that ... it 's not about sex or porn or even be naked . it 's about everything that go into it . the pressure . the endless mindfuck . the ten thousand nude you take before this one . try to get it just right . make sure you tit be perfect . that_ the light hide you leave nipple because it 's slightly invert , or it 's smaller , or you areola look weird or you labia 's too big , and if you pull you pubic bone_up , and bend to the leave , ina low light set ... then ... then ... you will be beautiful . hashtag flawless . body confident . but it 's all one big lie . you can never be . no one 's flawless and all it take be one fuck asshole to remind you of that . one guy to say ew or lol or she 's nasty ... and ou be back to square one . Cause it 's a rig game . we just do not realize it . ( frustrated ) so , I do not know , maybe it be explicit or extreme ... but it sure as fuck look like life to I . lily look principal turrell dead in the eye . principal turrell to be honest , lily ... you kind of catch I off guard with this one . ( let out a little laugh ) but it 's obvious you be extraordinarily gift and when you go on to risd , or nyu , or brown or wherever you want , people be gonna take notice . they be gonna listen ... but right now , you be in high school . and whether fair or unfair , there 's a limit to what you can say . 30 31 32 25 . int . hallway - day 30 lily put she headphone in . gasoline by halsey . she walk through the hallway , lose in some other world into : int . bathroom - day 31 pass a few awkward freshman look in the mirror . enter a stall . latch it shut . leans against the door . [ all the below play out on screen in graphic . ] she open she iphone camera . form a gun with she finger , jam the ' barrel 's down she throat . snap picture after picture . spit spill down she chin . lipstick smear ever so slightly . and then finally . she get it right . she open the pic ina facetune app smooth out she skin . blow out the exposure until she face be the color of a angel . and then text the pic to [ heart eye ] daddy : lily : I hate school . wanna pull the trigger , daddy ? a beat . daddy : fuckk . you be insatiable . lily : show I how insatiable . close on lily 's face : she hold she breath . and then a short video begin to play . a man in a suit stand in front of a bathroom mirror . he begin to unbuckle he belt . slide he hand down he pants . dadi 2 ? pily : [ bang emoji ] [ bang emoji ] ly : 22 ? close on : lily 's text : I be dead . a flock of bird puncture the SUN . as the camera tilt down . to find the girl drive around after school . int / ext . lily 's car - road - day 32 bex I be tell you , jay say CNN be at bartlett 's house . sarah but how do you know Anderson 's there ? bex well who else be they go to send ? Don lemon ! ? ek 32a 33 26 . em I mean , yeah , probably . they only send Anderson to like , real place . they pull up outside of Mayor bartlett 's house - some news be outside , reporter be hang around smoking cigarettes , drink coffee . they slowly cruise by the scene as they scope out the action . they pass the CNN truck but there 's no sign of Anderson , yet . they park at the end of the street and sit on_the hood of the car , watch as they see langley donahue , 27 , dress in she hillary {inton solid pantsuit , hustling over . bex yo , I have always want to make the local news . omitted 32 a int . lacey house - night 33 everyone be watch the news report play on tv : bex ( on tv ) I think it 's some like , socially conscious vigilante hacker guy . nance h , ny god , wait pause it . I gotta put this on my Facebook . bex you ook so cute ! you be like a little natural ! you girl be famous . she get up really close to the screen to take a pixillate picture with she 1 phone . em press play on the tv . langley ( on tv ) so do you also think this be the work of a socially conscious vigilante hacker ? lily ( on tv ) I do not know , I kinda feel bad for the wife and kid . em ( on tv ) ( whisper to lily ) yeah , but she 's gross . Sarah elbow em in the rib on tv . sarah ( on tv ) ( whisper ) em , we be on live tv . and they cut from langley 's live report back to the anchors . % + ek 27 . male anchor ( on tv ) well now , strong opinion from strong girl ! ya gotta love it ! ay , the Mayor have call a town he 1 amid grow protest from this very conservative community demand that he step down . a montage of resident be interview by langley : guy in STREET it 's absolutely appall . frankly , I do not even want to think about it . it 's just sick . sick . mom at supermarket I think we need to hold we politician to higher standard . to be honest , I be disappointed . I be angry . this pervert run ona family value platform . I feel like he 's con we all . 34 int . police station - day 34 a scruffy look tech consultant sit at a conference room table across from a very overwhelm chief patterson . tech consultant look , we can send a court order to the website force they to remove the post , but it will take about 24 hour . but right now , at this moment , it 's be mirrore through a hundred other site every hour . chief patterson so what be you say , there 's no way to take it down ? tech consultant no , we can take it down from the site , but by the time we do that , it will be up on ten thousand other site . chief patterson so there 's no way to stop it ? tech consultant not unless you find out who do it . chief patterson well , how do we do that ? tech consultant we try to trace the ip address but it look like someone 's bounce it around between Bangladesh and some village outside of Moscow . ( more ) 35 36 37 28. tech consultant ( cont 'd ) meaning it it can be originate from Bangladesh , some village outside of Moscow , or basically anywhere in the world . a long beat . chief patterson I hate the fuckin’ internet . omitted 35 int . mayor' car -— same 36 as the car pull up , we see people scream and ban outside the window of the car , as police hold they we hold on a profile shot of the Mayor , sit in the passenger seat . staffer ( 0.s. ) Sir , I be begging you . do not step out there without a statement . you can not wing this ... ( a beat ) I be begging you , sir . the mayor open the door . a barrage of flash and question as he try to wade through the crowd . '' be you wife go to be by you side today ? '' '' be you go to resign ? '' langley Sir , do you think you stance on the lgbt community be hypocritical in light of the recent allegation ? we follow he into the ... int . town hall - same 37 it 's fill with townspeople - there be news cameras everywhere , a din of chatter . we follow the mayor as he reach the podium with a microphone ... a hush fall over the audience . and then ... shout from the audience . '' pervert '' '' have you any decency ? '' '' what about you child ? '' more and more shout ... until almost everyone be shouting : '' resign ! resign ! '' we 're on the mayor' back as the grow roar continue ... he wipe the sweat off he brow with a shaky hand as he look out at the angry townspeople . over the din , we can hear he shallow breath , he beat heart , the energy be palpable . + 38 29 . he reach into he coat pocket . a long beat . he pull out a revolver . press it to he head . pull the trigger . black . we hear the SOUND of the gunshot play 20 x slower , tear apart the audio track like some sort of cosmic rupture . we start to see blurry pixel float through the frame . and as we siowly zoom out , we begin to see that we be watch a gif of the yor' suicide . the mayor 's brain be go back into he head . until it be - loop , and we see the trigger pull , and he brain blow back out . over and over . the final moment of Mayor bartlett 's life preserve in a million tiny pixel , forever immortalize he in internet history . a quick flash . in white lettering : # fail . CUT to : grainy webcam footage : out of the darkness , we see erostr4tus , wear the american flag hockey mask .. erostr4tus ( voice masked ) do not blame I . I do not kill he ... his shame do . CUT to : shot thru a isight camera . 38 lily lean in to camera , flanke by the girl . lily what have you think this be ? the motherfuck breakfst Club ? sarah naaaah . em shit 's about to pop off . 39 30 . bex for real . and because the mpaa rating system be not as specific as one might hope , we would like to ensure that we life , as depict in this movie , remain a safe space . so , a couple of trigger warning ... on screen , rapid text , fill the frame : trigger warning : abuse . blood . bullying . classism . death . * drinking . drug use . graphic sex . gun . homophobia . hostage . kidnapping . murder + ( attempt ) . nationalism . racism . rape ( attempt ) . sexism ( definitely sexism ) . sexual abuse . suicide . swearing . torture . tran * rejection / misgendering . transphobia . violence . weapon . xenophobia . * bex ( cont 'd ) * because how else we do in America ? * black . full screen . user : erostr4tus - one new thread . CUT to : ext . lacey house pool - day 39 camera drop down from above to the aquamarine water of the pool , little ripple form outward , as the girl , float in separate inflatable donut , enter the frame . lily be wear a yellow shirt that say f* cking savage , leopard print boy short , and heart shape sunglass . em be wear a white chiffon marabou robe , red evening glove and kitten heel . Sarah be wear a red latex bathing suit and match heele boot a la beyonce 's lemonade look . bex be wear a cep top that say I have no tit across the chest and a skirt bathing suit bottom . lily this whole thing be super fuck weird . sarah what ? the mayor shoot himself in the face on National tv ? lily yeah . em * def. lily but like also the way all he shit get aire - it be so fuck raw . ( more ) lily ( cont 'd ) do you look at the pic and text and stuff ? sarah I mean , like kinda - like i_ see the main one . where he 's in all the heavy makeup and like shave and like get fuck in the ass . em ugh , ptsd . lily - yeah but do you read the text ? sarah no . that be enough for I . lily they be super sad . like he have this one fight with he wife where she catch he like do something with some dude . he write back : ( look at phone , read ) '' I be perpetually at war . not with you or the life we have choose but myself . i_know_ I '' better than this , Leslie . I just sometimes fear , I do not have the constitution to be the man I promise you I be ... em damn ... I have be like lolbyeeeeee . sarah what would she write back ? lily '' Michael . you be 15 year of marriage too late for this conversation . the kid and I expect to see you at dinner . '' bex look at lily disgust - bex I mean , cry I a fuck river . this be a guy , who spend he whole life try to deny lgbtqiaa people they rights . lily do not mean it 's not sad . I mean , can you imagine how fuck lonely he feel ? bex you be ask I - ? lily but you have the courage to be yourself ... 31 . bex fuck he . he be a hypocrite . I have like zero sympathy . people like I kill themselves ever fuck day and bigot like Kim be not shed tear . he would not mourn my death so why the fuck should mourn he ? lily you can disagree and still empathize with he . bex maybe you , not I . lily Fair enough . there 's a beat as bex think - bex grant he suicide be like gnarly as fuck . em so raw . bex and that clip erostratus release ? in the hockey mask ? ( mimick he voice ) I do not kill he . his shame do . em I can not . I can not . it 's too scary . suddenly , em 's attention be redirected : em ( cont 'd ) oh god . lily what ? sarah amber alert . some guy , nance 's boyfriend , come walk out in swim trunk with a beer and wrap around UV sunglass . some guy what do we get here , sex and the City ? none of the girl respond . some guy ( cont 'd ) I might be datin’ myself here ... it be a television show in the 90 . Dead silence . he sit down . light a Winston . 40 33. some guy ( cont ’d so you girl have boyfriend ? who be the lucky guy ? even deader silence . some guy ( cont ’d ) ( to lily ) I like you glass , remind I of a movie , pretty racy one . lolita . in the painful silence , em roll off she donut into the pool . we see em scream underwater , she chiffon robe billow out around she . she sink to the bottom . int . school - day 40 principal turrell , 40s , be walk the hall with chief patterson , peer into different class room where they be hold counseling seminar . principal turrell look , some of the more sensitive kid be obviously still ver disturb . the majority of ' they I do not think really care all that much ... I know that a bunch of they have be share that little e movie clip of t Mayor 's suicide ... chief patterson good God . principal turrell but I think it 's important that we give they the time and space to communicate they feeling if they want to . chief patterson you guy have a computer club right ? principal turrell yeah , we have a after school a.v. Club . chief patterson they use they own computer or school computer ? principal turrell it 's a mixture , but they meet in the computer lab . chief patterson I would like a list of that student . 4l 34 . principal turrell I have a hard time believe one of we student would be involved in something like this . I feel like they would be more inclined to go after a fellow student , a teacher , I ... but not the Mayor . his phone ring . he look at it . principal turrell ( cont 'd ) hang on , it 's the superintendent , I gotta take this . he pick up the phone . principal turrell ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) hi Lisa . a beat ) no , I be not at the moment , why ? we see principal turrell 's face drop . principal turrell ( cont 'd ) what do you mean '' everything ? '' as the bell ring , the entire student body descend into the hallway , obscure we view of he . int . turrell home - evening 41 principal turrell 's 10 year_old daughter , allie , sit on the couch next to she brother , 7 , as he play a iPad game . she reach over and mute the sound . brother hey ! allie I wanna hear what they be say . they both turn toward the kitchen , where ... principal turrell sit at the island counter , white as a sheet . his wife , alexis , 40s , stand before he , nervously pour a glass of wine . alexis text message ? or imessage ? principal turrell everything , alexis . alexis e-mail ? principal turrell yes . 42 35 . alexis photo ? principal turrell yes . alexis search history ? principal turrell yes . alexis both of ours ? principal turrell just mine . well , my computer and the family computer . alexis which be my computer . principal turrell yes . alexis so anyone can read any text we have send each other for the last -- principal turrell since I get a phone . alexis that phone or a phone ? principal turrell well , this SIM card . I have never delete anything . so , I do not know , five year ? there 's a beat as they both take this in . alexis what do we talk about ? Jesus , what have we say ? CUT to : title card : the life and texts of principal turrell : a read int . various uploaded video ( stage ) 42 ( the follow be a youtube video create by johnny , diamond and Reagan where they be act out principal turrell 's text exchange with he wife ) . johnny ( as turrell ) what do the doctor say ? * * * 36 . reagan ( as alexis ) he say a lot of woman over the age of 40 miscarriage . johnny ( as turrell ) do you ask he about you endometriosis ? reagan ( as alexis ) yes , I tell he that intercourse be painful . they both look into camera and wince . johnny ( as turrell ) what do he suggest ? reagan ( as alexis ) surgery . I can have the cyst remove : they both grimace into camera , disgust as we CUT to : -- another salem high girl / youtube she speak into camera as she read aloud principal turrell 's search history . salem high girl let I just read a few of the porn hub video we principal have view over the last couple of month . she look at she phone . salem high girl ( cont ’d ) cute teen make she pussy pulse with orgasm ... complete gyno examination for shy redhead girl pussy ravage from the back doggy - style ... cock loving sister blackmail to fuck ... School girl anally pound ... she look at the camera pointedly . salem high girl ( cont ’d ) I be sorry , but I do not feel safe . -- grace talk to camera grace I mean , principal turrell would not even make amend with he father before he die . like , that 's so cold . his wife be begging he to , and_ he could not get over bis own bullshit . like ... just sayin 's you have no emotion . -- another johnny , reagan and diamond youtube video : 43 37 . reagan ( as alexis ) I be pretty sure the kid hear we last night . diamond ( as turrell well , what be you gonna do . sex be healthy . at least they know we have a good relationship . although , I be gonna be a little weird out if I ear allie play with she doll tomorrow say '' tell I I ’ma filthy slut . '' reagan ( as alexis ) wait , do I say that ? johnny narrate : johnny Wide eye emoji . diamond ( as turrell ) yeah , do not you remember ? I get so hot when you say it . they all start cring and pretend to dry heave . -- salem high girl talking to camera . salem high girl but the main thing we need to talk about be the eight nude photo of he daughter in he iphoto library . they be from 3 anda half year ago which would make allison turrell only six and a half year old when they be take . she 's in the bath , and you can see everything . how be that ok ??? ( then let I ask you , principal turrell , do you six year old daughter consent to that ? int . lily 's house , dine room - night 43 the colson family be eat dinner together . lily 's mother , rebecca , 40s , she father , lawrence , 40s , and brother donny , 15 , sit around the kitchen table . lawrence I get the e-mail about the school board meeting tomorrow night . they be go to vote on whether to fire principal turrell . rebecca I mean , I find the whole thing very disturbing . lily disturb ? 38 . rebecca you would not call it disturbing ? lily not really . rebecca well , maybe you generation 's a little desensitize . lily he look at porn , so what ? rebecca you see the name of that video . lily yeah but like , they design it that way . it 's like headline . like click bait . rebecca it 's just that couple with that photograph ... the one of he daughter . just as a mother , lily , it rub I the wrong way . lily do you even look at the picture ? rebecca of course I do not ! do you ? lily no , but like obviously people show it to I . rebecca well do you inform they that they be most likely break the law ? lily it 's not like that , the picture be not like sexual . rebecca lily , she 's six year old and she 's naked on the internet for the whole world to see . you do not find that a little sick ? lily it 's not he fault ! he get hack ! rebecca but he take the picture in the first place . that 's what disturb I . there be boundary , lily , between father and daughter . now you may not believe that , but there be . lawrence absolutely . I mean , after the first two year , I be never comfortable see you naked . lily well , why 's that ? lawrence I mean , you be my daughter . be not that enough of a reason ? lily that 's my point , exactly - what 's the big deal ? I be you aughter , why would you be so weird out ? lawrence look at she . lawrence lily , I have hear enough from you . lily all I be try to say be like , nudity be not inherently sexual . that 's the whole thing with this picture , it 's you guy who be make it sexual . just ' cause a young girl 's naked , do not mean it 's sexual or creepy or perv-y . it do not make he tike a child molester . rebecca give I a break , lily . lily what ? there 's a picture of I in the jiving room at like 2 , naked . be that child pornography ? rebecca well there 's a big difference between you naked at 20 month old in you grandmother 's bathtub and you naked at 6 year old . okay ? plus , you have to take into account everything else we know about this man — lily so at what age do nudity become pornography ? lawrence interrupt . his frustration grow . lawrence look lily , I respect_that you_like to debate . that you like to play the devil 's advocate . you be very smart . and I be sure it 'il come in handy later in life . but the truth be ... you do not know the first thing about this world . ( more ) 44 40 . lawrence ( cont 'd ) and you can think we be both prude , or old fashioned , or fascist , or whatever word you just learn , but let I tell you something ... I have be on this earth for 45 year , and if I have learn one thing in my lifetime , it 's that man will be man and girl will be girl , so until you learn how to protect yourself , I will do it for you . we hold on lily . a sly smirk form on she face . lily thank you , daddy . her mother slap she , and_although it 's not with a tremendous amount of force , it 's still enough to rattle lily . she sit motionless . her eye welling with tear as she try she best not to break . she stand up . lily ( cont 'd ) thank you for make I feel safe . she curtsy , and walk out of the room . donny ( after a beat ) you gue ever see that video of the fami on the safari in Africa and they yet maul by like seven tiger ? lawrence no , donny . a long beat . donny , it 's pretty cool . int . lily 's room - night 44 lily lay in bed , listen to music , check tumblr . it 's the usual mix of fashion , music , hyper - sexuality , and selfies . she check she inbox . 189 message . a sea of anonymous ask . anonymous ask : you hot . trade nude ? she hit block anonymous ask : ur so pretty . I wish I be you bff . lily hit reply : ty bb [ kiss emoj 24 anonymous ask : I hate fake intellectual slut like you . stop open you mouth and start spread you cunt . block . anonymous ask : send n00d block anonymous ask : will u date a guy with a small dick like < 5 ? btw you super hot . she hit reply : not if that 's he opener [ gritting tooth emoji ] 45 46 41 . and then she see - anonymous ask : 1 ... 2 ... er0str4tus be come for you . she freeze . stare at it . take a screenshot . and then [ cntrl ] click the block button . [ cmnd ] info . a window of code pop up . she start to scan it . find a timestamp : 17:38:46 . a ip address : 95.31.18.119 she reverse search the ip . we see a map of the world as it zoom into a drop pin . moscow , russia : static cellular ip address . use to post commercial spam . she hit reply : suck my dick . and post it . a beat . she delete the post and shut she computer . CUT to : full screen . user : erostr4tus - one new thread . CUT to : int . police station - night 45 camera dolly across the face of about 15 salem high student , all member of the a.v. Club , as they whisper , crack joke , look scared , etc . off to the side , they assort parent stand . Chief Patterson open the door , call the next student in ... int . police station , interview room - same 46 marty , 16 , sit at the end of the table . chief patterson , officer richter , and tech consultant sit at the other end , while marty 's father sit behind he , in a wheelchair . chief patterson we be look at several tweet here in which you_use the _hashtag '' we be legion . '' that would seem to insinuate that you be a member of the hacker group anonymous . marty no , I just support they . ch : chief patterson why ? marty Cause they be badass . and they do shit that like , no offense , the police can not do . 42 . tech consultant you consider yourself a pretty experience coder , no ? marty more than some , less than other . a beat . richter shoot Patterson a look . chief patterson so what be you feeling on Mayor bartlett and principal turrell ? marty it 's gomp lex , but , y'know , at the end of the day , people in position of power ... politician , school administrator ... ( he gesture to they ) ... the police ... oughtta be hold to a different standard . chief patterson so you support what 's be do to Mayor bartlett and principal turrell ? marty I support what be do , not what happen . Chief Patterson take this in , look at marty 's Father . chief patterson how do you feel about all this ? marty father . marty 's a smart young man . I think he can speak for himself . chief patterson ( to marty ) if we ask to search you gomputer , would you be okay with marty no , I would not . officer richter and why would that be ? marty because all you go on be the fact that I be good with computer . that 's not exactly probable cause . 47 int . police station - continuous 47 as marty 's interview , the kid in the wait room begin to * whisper and turn they phone toward one another . 48 49 43. the interview room door be open as marty walk out , follow by he father and the police . marty it just occur to I , you oughtta be careful about go after this guy . chief patterson what do you mean ? marty I would just think about whether or not you have anything to hide . chief patterson be that a threat ? officer richter sure sound like a threat . , marty | . . no , I be just play it out to its logical conclusion . the other salem high student overhear this exchange . a random , stone face teen speak up : stone face teen no offense , but it 's kinda late for that . he turn he phone toward the officer . ext . salem high - morning 48 as newscaster file report in front of the school . int . turrell home - morning 49 turrell and alexis sit with they daughter , allie . alexis you dad and I want to talk to you about a few thing . allie why can not I go to school ? . alexis | ; it 's just for a little while . allie but eloise and I be present we science project -- alexis I understand , honey , but you have to trust we , okay ? 44 , principal turrell somebody do something very bad to I ... to all of we . they release all_of my text message , and e- mail , and picture . so , you mommy and I , all of we private conversation , now everybody know about they . allie do you say bad thing ? turrell no , just , sometimes even if you do not say something bad , it can hurt someone . allie why can not I go to school ? turrell because people be go to say some really mean thing about I , and about you , and they 's be go to say thing that be not true . allie like what ? there 's a long , painful beat . principal turrell like that I may have be inappropriate with you . allie how ? principal turrell ( to alexis ) I do not know how to have this conversation ... ( to allie ) just know , that no matter what anybody say , I love you and I would never do anything to hurt you . we hold on allie as turrell get up and walk out the front door . after about three second , we hear , through the window : * reporter ( 0.c . Sir , do you consider photograph you daughter in the nude to child pornography ? close : alexis take allie into she arm and hold she in a tight hug . reporter 2 ( 0.c. ) have you have a inappropriate relationship with any student ? 50 45 . reporter 3 ( 0.c . ) do you think you should be hold to a different standard ? reporter 4 ( 0.c. :3 Sir , have you ever moleste you daughter ? int . art room - day 50 em drape she leg over bex 's lap as they share a chair in front of bex 's computer . Sarah lean over they as they look at the anonymous ask lily screenshott . * em turn to lily who be lie on the floor of the classroom , arm and leg splay out , wear sunglass . em I be not say it 's not creepy but like someone 's obviously just fuck with you . lil but like how dia they send it from a Russian ip address ? sarah you can do that in like two second with a free vpn app . * bex I think it 's a play on nightmare on elm Street . one , two ... freddy 's come for you . em ugh. Young johnny depp. soak . sarah * what about current johnny depp ? * em * no. thank you . * lily I do not know , p acton be right . it 's probably just Mark be a dick . sarah * what do you have to hide anyway , * lil ? * lily um . like a million nude . really ross porn . Super pervy text . and ike life - alter shit talk about ny family and almost everyone in this school . 51 46 . sarah Fair enough . I too . my iphoto dibrary look like a fuck snuff iln . em yeah , I three . bex be look at the most recent hack of Chief Patterson 's data on she laptop . it 's be download 142,000 time . 142,000 download , Jesus . that 's literally three time the size of Salem . em it 's amazing because honestly , 2 think Chief Patterson would be up to much shadier shit . ex totally . but I have comb through it and basically it 's just gossip . like mean girl , high school gossip . em and cat video and gun specs . creeeee-py . sarah I be kind of bum though . I be hope for something juicy . em well , it be fun to imagine how piss richter must be . bex like Patterson fuck ridicule he . lily what would he say ? bex shit like : richter have the brain of a infant and the body of John goodman . they all crack up . lily go Patterson , go ! int . school hallway - afternoon 51 after school , lily grab she bag out of she locker . as she slam she locker shut , we see a figure in the erostratus mask grab her . > + 52 53 54 55 47 . she scream as the person wear the mask fall to the ground ina hysterical fit of laughter . he pull the mask off revealing it 's Mark . MARK oh my god , you should have see you face . lily shake she head , exasperate . lily seriously , Mark . eat a bag of dick . ext . school parking lot - afternoon 52 as lily walk to she car she see principal turrell across the way , head toward the school . she give he a small wave but he just avert he eye . int . school office - evening 53 turrell sit across from superintendent lisa sander . lisa so I think the best thing for you to do be go out there and_spea 's from the heart . remain calm , steady and tell the board and the parent what the job of principal have mean to you over the last 9 year . tell they you understand they concern . and resign with grace . we hold on principal turrell - ext . turrell home - night 54 a car pull up outside of turrell 's home . the passenger * wear a ski mask , step out . he begin to hurl rock through * the window , smash they - '' pedophile not welcome ! '' * Inside , we hear the scream of alexis and she child . * int . school board - night 55 principal turrell stand on a stage next to a tong table where the school board member be seat . he look out at the pack auditorium . he clear he throat . trembles a bit . principal turrell I have be tell to come out here and to speak from my heart and then tell you that I be go to resign . * heckler yell out : you should ! * 56 57 48. principal turrell ( cont 'd ) ( beat but I say not resign . I have never be inappropriate with a student or my child . period . loud boo from the crowd . turrell be visibly shake . principal turrell ( cont 'd ) I love my job and I love this kid . another heckler yell out : pedophile principal turrell ( cont ’d ) this be not a joke . this be my life . this school have be my entire life . and I have always act in the best interest of my student and this school . and es , I be human . we all be . Bu have never allow my private tite to enter my work life in any way . and I know the member of the school board know that . so I trust I have faith that you will make . the right decision . that you will understand my intention be never ... ill . and_ that you will judge I how you would judge yourself . he stand on stage , the light in he eye . his hand shaking from nervousness . principal turrell ( cont 'd ) thank you . int . turrell car - night 56 slow push in on turrell 's face as he drive home , shifting between light and dark under each pass street lamp . int . turrell home - night 57 turrell open the front door to find broken glass all over the live room floor . rock be scattered throughout . he look around . principal turrell alexis ?... alexis ? there 's no answer . the house be empty . CUT to : 58 59 49 , ext . lacey house , pool - night 58 we see the lighted blue of a pool . the open note of dirty harry by grace . at_48 fps we see the crash of water follow by em in a neon swimsuit as she descend into the water revealing she 's wear the erostratus mask . and as the bass drop on the song we CUT to : lily strut toward camera wear the erostratus mask , and begin to dance . as em , bex , Sarah and a group of teens cheer she on ... jump CUT to : bex do beyonce 's 7/11 dance in the mask as everyone roar . jump CUT to : Sarah do the Nicki / drake anaconda routine in the mask with lily in a pool chair . as lily try to touch she ass . Sarah slap she hand and walk away . a beat . Sarah run back and jump into lily 's arm . ext . lacey house - pool - same 59 em scream as mason surface from underwater , laugh . she try to slap and kick mason who giggle - em do not fuck grope I ! mason ow ! ow ! ow ! chill out ! they shout over the music as we see a small party around they em no seriously , do not grope I without my permission . mason what 's the big deal ? bex be dangle she foot in the water . bex Cause it 's assault , brutha . mason this be the problem with the internet , now all girl think everything be rape . em he 's so much sexier when he keep he mouth shut . bex yeah , mason . shut up and look pretty . 60 50 . mason purse he lip like a idiot . bex 's phone buzze . she stand up and start to walk away from they as she check she phone . it 's a text from diamond : diamond : I miss u bex : what ? diamond : can we hang out again ? bex : why ? diamond : be i like u bex : be this like a prank ? diamond : no lol . ive just be think about u . bex stare at the last text , emotionally tear . we see eric , a couple other guy , and a few rando girl walk * out of the slide glass door with some six pack of beer . eric yo bex , you want a beer ? bex . no , I do not fuck with carb . ext . lacey house - pool - night 60 Eric sit poolside with a bunch of drunk rando and Grace . * grace * ( waste ) * I hear marty be in the police station , and the cop ask he straight up if he be the hacker , and he look at the cop and he 's like , if you ask I again , you whole life be gonna get leak . and the cop be like , '' wait what ? '' and then they whole life get leak . eric there 's no way that story be true . grace * ( in complete agreement ) I know ! eric yeah but I be pretty disappointed by Patterson 's leak . I think that shit would be way shadier . grace * ( in complete agreement ) * I know ! * eric * wait , but like do not the exact * same thing happen to you a few * * year ago ? 61 51 . we can see Grace visibly wince . em get out of the pool and walk over , smack Eric in the back of the head for the comment . eric ( cont 'd ) hey ! I mean it in a good way , that photo be like , really hot . grace fuck off , Eric . em sit next to Grace , throw a arm around she . em there 's no way the hacker 's a student . he 's probably some twenty something disgruntled , loner it dude who post like jerk off to fight Club every night . ; grace , ohmigod . Brad Pitt 's abs . I can not . eric but why would he go after turrell ? em motive be irrelevant . like , what 's the motive behind the 300 plus mass shooting a year ? there be none . people just_burn out and wanna take down they little universe . like , I bet the hacker be just some rando dude who just wake up one day and be like fuck bartlett . fuck turrell . fuck the Police . everyone in this town be a fuck hypocrite . rando dude totally . I support he . eric yeah I too . it 's like chaotic good . like V for vendetta . I be always down with that . they all think this over ... grace I just have this really scary think that we be all like character in the sim ... ( descend into a groan ) «+. and like none of we know it . int . lacey house - same 61 bex walk over to the couch and lay down across Sarah and lily 's lap . Sarah be talk to Mark and a few other guy , one in a tank top , one in a SNAP back . hoh + ho % 52 . sarah look , I do not have a problem with orn , I love porn . I just think it 's totally fuck up we whole generation . tank top porn teach I how to fuck . sarah - but that 's the problem , you think it teach you how to fuck . it do not . this be why like every guy I meet on tinder want to choke I on we first date . tank top almost every girl I have smashed like to be choke . you do not ? sarah maybe on we tenth date , once I ’ma hundred percent certain you be not a fuck serial killer . SNAP back sense he open - SNAP back I learn how to eat pussy by watch porn . sarah just by look in you eye , I can tell you do not know the first thing about eat pussy . he blink . bex and lily burst out laugh . SNAP back that 's so not true . they laugh again . SNAP back ( cont ’d ) whatever . I guess you will never know . sarah tragic . bex look Mark dead in the eye . bex what about you Mark ? you like eat pussy ? MARK um ... yeah . bex look up at lily . bex be that true , lil ? 62 63 53. lily have not I tell you ? Mark 's a fuck savage . Mark swallow hard before nodd . a awkward beat . lily ( cont 'd ) I gotta go to the bathroom . we follow she as she walk towards the bathroom . int . bathroom - same 62 as lily pee she hear nance on the phone through the wall . nance ( 0.c. ) have he say anything to you ? ( a beat ) Three day ago he be talk about drive to Indiana to meet he family . I do not understand . int . lacey house , hallway - moment later 63 lily exit the bathroom . she hear faint cry come from nance 's bedroom . she stop . nance hello ? lily ; it 's I , nance . I be just use the bathroom . nance ( 0.c. ) ( inside the bedroom ) oh , hi lily , be you guy have fun tonight ? lily yeah , yeah . everything okay ? lily lean in to peek around the door . she sees nance in bed , lit’ by the television . nance yeah , no I be fine . it 's just ... ( laugh ) it 's just life . lily look , I do not wanna be like , rude but if you be cry about uh ... what 's he name - nance well , there 's no reason to learn he name now - 64 65 54 . lily but like , do not . seriously . you be hot , nance . what be you even do with he ? nance after a certain point , it 's not even about the guy , it 's the company that matter . lily look stunne . lily I do not know if you mean it that way , but that 's iterally the e saddest thing I have ever ard . nance ( laugh ) oh , lily , it only get harder . I mean , I look at you generation and I be so happy , because you be all so bright and you have so much to say . which be good . it be ... but .. ( sigh _ the ' one to ing I have learn be that you can not be foo difficult . no man want a girl that feel like work . lily ( a beat ) what do you mean by that ? ____ nance sometimes it 's better to not fight back . int . hallway outside of live room 64 as she go to rejoin the group , Mark grab she by the arm . MARK I need to speak to you . int . em 's bedroom - same 65 Mark slam the door behind they . he begin to pace . MARK what the fuck , lily ? what the fuck ? lily seriously , you be act like Mark wahlberg in 's fear right now . MARK I do not get it , lily , be you ever like a real person ? because you whole too cool for school act be fuck lame . and exhaust . and boring . and not cool . lily I have to be honest Mark , I do not know what the fuck you be talk about . MARK you think it 's like cool to be a slut ? there 's a long beat . lily , tauntingly : lily keep go . MARK no , I mean it , it 's obvious you like say something to bex ... lily keep go . MARK - I do not know , about like , I go down on you . lily you mean the fact that you have not ? MARK yeah , what do you think it 's cool to like tell you friend about it ? lily let I ask you a question . if I never suck you dick you think you might mention it to mason ? MARK no. I would just bring it up . I would be like , why do not you suck my dick ? lily ( matter of factly ) Mark , why do not you eat my pussy ? MARK . Cause I be really angry at you right now . lily how convenient . Mark shake he head and sit on the bed , face away . lily sit on em 's desk , lean against the window behind she . in the awkward silence , lily look over she shoulder and see the light on in the window across the street . MARK it 's just , when be you go to realize that , like , it 's not a turn on to always be talk about sex ? ( more ) 66 67 56 . MARK ( cont 'd ) at a certain point it just get gross , like ... disgusting . iily pull out she phone and send a text to [ heart eye ] daddy : U awake ? lily disgusting ? yeah , kinda . she look at she phone . daddy : yeah lily : then look out you window lily look at I , Mark . ( he turn ) why 's that a bad thing ? CUT to : int . nick 's study - same 66 Nick turn off he desk lamp . through the window , the darkness reveal the street and in the distance , lily sit in the window of em 's bedroom . we see lily take off she shirt , revealing she bra underneath . she glance toward he . Nick take a shallow breath as she turn away and we see Mark enter frame . as Nick take a deep breath - int . em 's bedroom - same 67 lily lean against the window , look at Mark . . lily say it . MARK what ? lily tell I I be disgusting . MARK why ? lily just say it . MARK ... but why ? 68 57 . lily look he dead in the eye . lily just fuck say it , Mark . MARK ( hesitantly ) you be disgusting . lily do not say it if you do not mean it . MARK I mean it . over MARK 's shoulder on lily as she run she finger through he hair with both hand . MARK ( cont 'd ) you be disgusting . lily I know . as she guide he down and out of frame . we see she slowly turn she head over she shoulder and look out the window . lily ( cont 'd ) I know . int . nick 's study - continuous 68 we see the silhouette of Nick , and in the distance , lily frame by the light of the bedroom window . a lone figure lose in a sea of blac nick ( quietly ) Jesus Christ . we hear Nick breathe | heavily . and then suddenly , off - screen , the voice of he wife , Rose . rose ( 0.s. ) when be you come to bed ? Nick bolt upright in front of he computer . nick uh , just in uh , in a little bit I just have some stuff to finish up . Rose enter , stand in the door frame . rose okay , just do not stay up too late . you have to take Carly to dance in the morning . nick ok . i’1l go to bed soon . 69 58. he look back at lily in the window . rose ( 0.c. ) goodnight . I love you . nick I love you , more . CUT to black . a series of photograph 69 over the follow v.o. we rapidly cycle through photograph of our townspeople , lily , em , bex , Sarah , Nick , Rose , nance , Reagan , johnny etc - ala Le jeté - as if they have be cull from year worth of social media post . ( note : this sequence should feel expansive but I will only mention key photo because description be as boring to read as it be to write :) and we hear the mask , disembody voice of er0str4tus . erostr4tus ( v.o . ) what make you trust the person next to you ? be it the look in they eye when they whisper '' I love you '' before bed ? or be it , the sense of calm you feel when they hold you hand ? - Nick and Rose . kiss pregnant belly . holding baby Carly . Halloween . date night . erostr4tus ( v.o . ) do you trust they because of who they be ? or because trust be what you need ? - Reagan and johnny . kiss . make face . cheerlead practice . # squad . erostr4tus to feel connect . and safe . and love . to feel protect in a world that do not give a fuck if you be unique or special or talented or beautiful ? - Sarah braid em 's hair . bex 's face hide behind a sunflower . erostr4tus ( v.o . ) a world that kill the best and brightest every single fuck day . look at the latest tragedy . the last mass shoot . terror attack . Hurricane . random a tling . and look at that sweet , smile face , stack side by side . all with the same hope and dreams_and wish as you ... but ask yourself ? what make you different ? ( more ) 70 71 72 59 . erostr4tus ( v.o. ) fcont 'd ) why be they future olen rom they while you still have yours ... what have you say ?... God ?... lol . do God look at you , sit on '' you couch watch reality tv , and think , '' oh , I ’1ll spare that one . I get plan for that one ... '' lily , em and bex all curl up in bed . nance drink a margarita in bed . we land on five photo of random townspeople . erostr4tus ( v.o . and_ even if you disagree , there 's a small part of you that wonder if I be right . another set of five townspeople . erostr4tus ( v.0o . that 's why you be grip the hand of the one you love . e one you trust . because life be too fuck scary to brave alone . another set of five townspeople . erostr4tus ( v.o. ) just never forget the real reason why you trust ... fear. another set of five townspeople ... include , diamond . Reagan . nance and Nick . black . and out of the black : twenty new thread . CUT to : ext . football field , cheer practice - day 70 camera focus on blue sky , sun shine , as Reagan float through frame at 48 fps , a big toothy grin on she face . int . school bathroom - day 71 close on : grace , 17 , as she wipe tear from she eye , smear she mascara across she face . she tie she hair back . ext . football field , cheer practice - day 72 various shot . of Reagan barrel roll through the air . ( x 3 ) 73 74 75 76 77 78 60 . int . school bathroom 73 grace rub lotion up down she arm , neck and face until she 's glisten with a greasy shine . she take a deep breath . ext . football field , cheer practice - day 74 from above . Reagan in a Christ -like pose , fall backwards , into the palm of she teammate like a gift from God . int . school hallway - day 75 from behind . as grace walk through the hallway in jean short and heel . a baseball bat dangle by she side . she push through the exit door - ext . football field - day 76 - into the bright sunshine toward the football field where the cheer squad be practice . grace reach the field , kick off she heel and forges on . she begin to near the cheer squad . they be in the middle of a pre-choreographed routine . Reagan 's pony tail be bounce side to side as she grind she hip to the beat . and as she turn - grace , swing the baseball bat back and - wide shot : in the distance , we see Reagan drop to the ground . follow by blood curdle 's scream as the cheer squad come run toward camera . int . police chief 's office - day 77 grace mother and father sit with Chief Patterson . father of year ago she phone be steal . she ad never have a boyfriend , I do not think she have do much more than ever kiss a boy , but um , she have quite a few photo of herself in the nude . mother she be explore she sexuality . she have never send they to anybody . int . school hallway - day 78 grace as she bloody hand be cuffed behind she back . 78a 61 . mother ( v.o . ) someone have upload ciery photo of we fifteen year old daug ter to the internet . they post she name , we address , phone number , she school , everything : she be suicidal , she grade drop ) pped she withdraw from all of she riend , and every night she begge we to move town . we see as grace be lead through the school hallway . the entire student body lining the wall . mother ( v.o. ) to find out today that it be Reagan , she best friend from childhood who do this , I can not even imagine the pain Grace feel . int . police chief 's office - day 78a Grace sit in front of Patterson , numb and defiant . slow push into cu as she say : grace the night that it happen , the first person I call be Reagan . she stay up on the phone with I , and I cry for hour . I want to die . it 's weird , because you do not know how man people have see it , and that 's what make it worse . the question , the suspicion . like I be sit here , talk to you , and you might have it save on you computer . or maybe you 's 1ll go home and look it up , or share it with a friend , or twenty . for the rest of my life , every room I walk into , every new person I meet , every job interview , or first daté , I 'l ave that sink feel in my stomach . ( beat ) I make a promise that if I ever find out who do this , I would hurt they as much as they hurt I . be it the right thing to do ? I do not know . but do not tell I it 's not justified . she stare right through we . back to : as Grace be lead through the hallway , a few student begin to clap stoically , and then more , until the entire student body erupt in applause . we track back on grace as tear stream down she face . despite the consequence to come , it 's not the fear that bring she to tear , it 's the show of support . hhh haa a ahhh HH hea haa hhh ff * 79 62. int . bathroom stall - day 79 slow push in on lily 's face as we see she download the .zip file of Nick 's data . as she download the file , we see on screen the list of all the label file appear one by one . we see one file label : kik data and in that file , we see they entire text history . she begin to look at the nude photo of herself that have be leak . her face be never show . she begin to notice identify detail . she zoom in on . -- a small scar . -- a grime poster on the wall of she bedroom . -- a necklace . -- a mole . -- her bracelet . -- ring . -- a birthmark on the small of she back and then she heart stop . a whole file of video . she open the first ... a close up of she mouth , and write across she face , the word : whore , she mouth form the '' 0 '' she hit play , as we hear she voice : lily ( on video ) I want to be the best little girl you have ever have , daddy . she look back at the 4 Chan board . then she see a comment thread title : who be this wh0re ? next to the screen shot of she mouth . 27,622 page view . 1,103 user comment . ThrillKilla666 : we gotta find out who this bitch be . hot af xvk5t&d : be salem 's yearbook online ? let start scour fb profile . pepedafrog93 : just find the last few Salem yearbook online . assume shes < 21 . cross reference mouth and jewelry . narrow it down to 16 . will post name . she see nick be .zip file have 73,384 download . she open her tumblr . scan she anonymous ask . anonymous ask : theyre gonna find you wh0re she begin to frantically delete everything off she computer . her phone vibrate . New text message . * 80 63. -- Rose : lily ? a beat . -- Rose : how could you ? int . lacey house - night 80 em be bang on nance 's bedroom door . em Mom , Mom , open up ! she 's not open the door . the phone be ringing in the background repeatedly as Sarah look at she . sarah just let she be . em go over , pick up the phone - there 's a creepy russian voice on the other line , snort and ranting - russian man ( 0.s . ) be this fuck piggy pussy whore , nance ? piggy , piggy , pink pussy - em stop call you fuck creep ! russian man ( 0.s . ) ( calmly ) I will kill you . she hang up the phone . sarah just take it off the hook . em unplug the phone . sarah ( cont 'd ) have you look through everything ? em no , I do not want to . I be not go to . sarah it 's bad , em , it 's really bad . there 's a ton of stuff about you and I in it . em what do you mean ? sarah just like , text she write aunt Kay . just really personal stuff . em but like what ? 81 82 64 . sarah stuff about we family ... stuff about my dad , you dad . remember last year when I go to plann parenthood ? it 's all in there . it 's not like she be talk shit , though , she be just update Kay . but since then there 's like crazy anti-abortion people tagging I in hoto of dead fetus for the last hour . first it be 10 people , then a thousand , now eight thousand ... it just keep grow ... it 's picture . texts . I mean , she 's sleep with a lot of people , em. like , marry people . it 's not good . right then , they hear a blaring car horn as a pair of high beam blast through the kitchen window . and then another set of high beam . another horn . the two girl stand there , illuminate by the light , as Sarah grab a kitchen knife and scream over the horn : sarah ( cont 'd ) em ! call the cop ! call the cop ! em go to plug g the house phone back in - there 's no dial tone . just heavy breathe . a random voice on the other end : random voice ( 0.s. ) yo , be this that milf slut na - she hang up , get a dial tone , call 911 . sarah ( to the car ) we be call the fuck cop ! as em crouch on the floor : em hi this be Emma lacey at 1165 elm Street , we house be surround by car , Im really scared . ext . lacey house - later 81 a knock on the front door and em open it for officer richter and Daniels . int . lacey house , live room - moment later 82 em and Sarah sit on the couch . richter stand . officer richter so you be say three car point they headlight towards the house ? * * 65 . em yeah , they pull up really close , they be honk they horn . we be both legitimately scared . officer richter uh huh . by the sound of a car horn ? sarah well , it 's obvious they be try to intimidate we . Sarah stand up . richter aggressively - officer richter sit down , miss . I need you to stay seat . Daniels check various window and lock around the house . officer richter ( cont ’d ) so where 's you Mom ? em she 's in she room . richter look at they with a grin . officer richter oh yeah ? she not feel well ? sarah look , we be be harass . richter look at the two of they on the couch . officer richter I be not sure I understand the dynamic here ... how be you two related ? there 's a beat . sarah she 's my sister . officer richter she do not look like you sister . em ( hesitantly ) I guess , we be technically step - sister . officer richter you guess ? sarah ( hesitantly ) my mother marry she father when we be really young . HH ehh fh fh hf fhkh oe 66 . officer richter so you be not blood related ? sarah no . officer richter right . and where be you dad now ? sarah I do not understand why this matter . officer richter it matter because I be try to figure out what 's actually go on this household . so i’1l start with you , miss . where be you dad ? Sarah stare at he defiantly . sarah ( beat ) I do not know . and I do not care . richter turn to Daniels . officer richter we get a tough one here . ( over to em ) and where be you dad ? a look of pain pass over em 's face . sarah leave she alone . officer richter where be you dad ? em he uh , he have cancer . officer richter see , that be not so hard to explain . richter slide _a wooden chair close to_the couch and sit down right in front Sarah , he knee almost touch hers . officer richter ( cont ’d ) now , you girl may think you be be harass . but all you have to do be take one look at this family to realize that something be not right ( as he lean in close ) you may not understand , but this be a good town . a moral town . full of decent , hardwork people . Sarah swallow hard , nodd . Officer richter suck he tooth , lean in even closer , he knee touch she knee . hhh ff ehh ff hhh kh HH hhh hhh haha fh hk + % 67 . officer richter ( cont ’d ) so when they read about a seventeen year old girl who 's gotta take a roadtrip , to see a doctor , all because she can not keep she knee together ... they get concerned and in 's some case passionate . 83 int . nick and rose kitchen - night 83 Nick and Rose sit across from each other at the table . Rose 's eye be red from cry . rose forgive I , Nick , I be have a very hard time understanding how the father of my child can kiss he daughter gocanignht and then walk into another room and start jerk off to a teenager who call phe '' daddy . '' nick she 's eighteen . rose I do not give a fuck , Nick . nick no , but it 's a important distinction . rose oh fuck you , you be sick , you be absolutely fuck sick . nick it 's not sick , it be just fantasy . none of it be real . rose what do you mean , none of it be real ? nick I be say , we do not -- we do not do anything . we never have sex , we never kiss , we never do anything inappropriate . Rose start to laugh . nick ( cont 'd ) i_mean it though . I be always very clear with she ... she want to take thing farther and it be a line I would not cross . rose be youstry to tell I you be the adult in this situation ? HH hhh 84 85 68. nick what I be say be we never do anything inappropriate in real rose it 's all real life , Nick . nick no , it 's not . it be fantasy . rose you keep say fantasy - nick - cause that 's what it be - rose = as if I do not have the ability to fuck fantasize , Nick . you think I do not fantasize about different man ? about someone young ? with a six pack and_a bigger dick and maybe a little more fuck respect for I ? nick I be sure you do . rose no . you do not . because you have turn I into a sexless fuck harpy . who give birth to you two child and hang she womb up to die ... so do not you dare Tel about you fantasy . Rose get up and walk upstairs . omitted 84 omitted 85 int . lily 's bathroom - night lily take a bath as bex lie on the floor beside the tub . both be look at they phone . bex go through diamond leak data - look at they last text exchange ( where we leave off at the pool ) . bex : last time we hook up u say dont tell anyone about it ... no offense but that bidnt feel good diamond : i just didnt want to make it into like a thing bex : what do that even mean diamond : its just complicated . Im on the football team . U know how everyone be bex : oh right i forget blow tran girl doesnt mix well with you high t squa diamond : high t? + ee ee ee 69 . she turn she phone off . bex you know , the interesting thing be like , I do not think diamond 's a bad guy . lily he 's probably not . he 's just box himself in . bex yeah cause there be this moment , I could see it , like right after he come , it dawn on he — what he friend would say , how he parent would feel , how the world would look at he . and in a instant he just shut down . lily reality crash in on he . bex yeah , exactly . but the hard part be that 's when it crash in on I too . because like , who be I fool ? I be go to find a guy , here , in this town , who love and respects I ? who 's proud of I ? yeah right . lily come on , bex . the world be change . bex be it ? lily it be . ( peat ) and it will again . int . lily 's room 86 lily and bex be under the cover together . bex but how would it start ? lily I be babysit for they , and afterward he would always give I a ride home . I mean , ye sound so cliche but like , the only guy that have ever be interested in I be like , dumb 16 year old . he be the first guy who like , genuinely seem interested in what I think about thing . I do not know . he be sweet , too . we never actually like , hook up . ( more ) hhh haha HH hhh ha ahh fh fh F er hk 70 . lily ( cont 'd ) the most that ever happen be once he put he hand on my thigh and I literally like , melt . he be so stead know ? his hand be like , stéady but I get freak out afterwards , and that 's when I stop baby-sitting . then we just start texting . bex but you be 18 and he 's like 40 . lily it be stupid . it be really fuck stupid . bex he have kid . lily I know . bex do anyone know ? lily just Rose . bex what have she say ? a long beat . lily take a deep breath , try to hold back she emotion . bex ( cont ’d ) do you delete everything ? lily yes . bex like secure empty delete ? lily yes. bex good . there 's a beat as bex hold lily , stroke she hair . she kiss she face . bex ( cont 'd ) I love you . lily nod as she hold bex tight . bex ( cont 'd ) no matter what . lily I love you , too . 87 88 88a 71 . a beat . bex do you know Salem be the number one trending topic in the world ? int . lily 's bedroom - night 87 shot thru lily 's macbook isight camera . wide shot . pixillate darkness . the silhouettes of lily and bex sleep . slowly , the bedroom door creak open . caste a shaft of light on the girl as they sleep . we see the silhouette of a figure enter . and as it walk to the edge of the bed , we see it 's wear the erostr4tus mask . it look down on the girl . the figure quietly lift the corner of the bedsheet , pull it back and slowly uncover they sleep body - pull out a iphone , raise it above lily and bex . the screen flicker as the figure photograph they . the figure turn toward US . and quietly begin to approach the computer isight camera . it lean in close , the american flag hockey mask dominate the screen , look directly into camera . the figure tilt it 's head , and wave to US . - before close the laptop shut . black ext . salem high - morning 88 langley file a news report in front of the school . langley I be stand outside Salem High , where just yesterday a popular cheerleader name Reagan Hall be viciously attack -- int . the internet - same 88a '' anything goe '' by ella fitzgerald begin to play under ... we see a gif of Grace walk down the hallway - she turn to face the camera , smile . it freeze : yas queen in pink sparkly font . comment : '' #revengegoal '' '' slay ‘em High ! '' etc , follow . we navigate to a facebook post - a video of Chief Patterson speak : 72 . chief patterson it ae that this be motivate by the release of information release in the massive cyber attack that target over twenty Salem resident . we have be in touch with the FBI and they be investigate . the video become embed in a tweet : the FBI be not no match for the internet . another post - omg . Salem be so scary . as we see grainy surveillance footage from a gas station : Three masked men drag a guy out of he car and beat he unconscious . we rapidly scroll through comment after comment ... then to facebook live video of a salem resident : salem resident if you be ask I , there 's a reason this people be target . they be up to no good . I mean , no cyber attacker be release the information of boring old I . even if they do , what 's chu gonna find ? a whole lotta biddin’ on ebay . a comment war break out . now to a cell phone video of salem resident # 2 scream at langley . salem resident # 2 ( violently shouting ) I just think it 's despicable . the media have blood on its hand - release the name and personal information of the victim ? shame ny : imagine have the whole wor d comb through you private message . shame on you ! shame on you ! langley you do not believe the media have the right to report on a crime ? salem resident # 2 it 's not the crime , it 's the victim ! we be victims ! we 're victims you fucking cunt ! ee ee + + hk + ek 89 73. a explosion of comment from every angle - and then a cat video . and then a gif of harambe , # dicksoutforharambe . and then random cell phone video of a unarm black man be shot . footage of protest , president trump deliver the State of the Union , and a hundred other thing in the world , we navigate back to a post of erostr4tus . as he hold a piece of paper : I got the whole wide world in my hand . post of salem high girl talk to camera : salem high girl I do not know why no one 's mention this but like , the hacker 's name come from erostratus , who be this like , super craz evil guy in ancient Greece who want to become famous , so he decide to burn down the Temple of ephysus - one of the seven wonder of the ancient world . obviously , this be before reality tv . he be then arrest and sentence to death and they place a hundred _ year ban on say he name out loud , punishable by death . they want to wipe he from histor but that make he like ultra famous ... we begin to see numerous tweet - # dontsayhisname . and then numerous tweet - # sayhisname back to langley in front of Salem High . langley the only thing that everyone seem to agree on be that until this hacker be catch , all eye will be on Salem . ( a beat ) this be langley donahue report for Channel 7 ... back to you , Chet . " fade 2 blaq '' by abra begin to play - montage as the girl get ready for school - morning 89 it 's the same routine we see earlier , start with makeup foundation , contour , heavy smokey eye , winge liner , bold lip , but this time , there 's a_ creep anxiety , as if they be get ready for battle . ee +e hhh AAA ahhh hhh ah of + + 90 91 92 93 74 . int . lily car - morning 90 the music continue as camera move from lily drive to bex sit shotgun , she boot on the side view mirror , to em and sarah sprawle out in the back . it 's silent as they look out at the town around they . omitted 91 * ext . school - morning 92 the girl walk toward the entrance . langley come jogging over with she cameraman in tow . langley would you girl like to - all four girl raise they middle finger behind they as they * walk into school - int . school entrance - day 93 we see the girl walk toward US . as they near the camera * they come to a stop . they look down to fin * officer richter sit at a fold out table , guard the * front of the school , inspect student 's bag . he look up at Sarah and em with a grin . * officer richter twice in 24 hour ? I be beginning to think you girl like I . em look at Sarah , uncomfortable . he take em 's bag and dump * it on the table . start to inspect she belonging . her makeup . a box of tampax . officer richter ( cont ’d ) pocket pearl ? sound cozy . em and the girl grimace . he pick up she birth control . officer richter ( cont ’d ) what 's this ? em birth Control . officer richter I guess the apple do not fall from the tree . em burst into tear - sarah why be you try to humiliate she ? 94 95 75 . officer richter approach Sarah aggressively . officer richter you wanna get a attitude with I ? Sarah do not break eye contact as she stare through he . sarah I be ask a question , Officer . he lean in close , menacingly : officer richter you need I , way more than I need ou . do not you ever fuck forget at . int . supermarket - day 94 we follow from behind as nance push a grocery cart down the aisle , she head slightly bow , wear a hat , ponytail , and sunglass . she pass two housewive whisper to one another . they fall silent as she pass . checkout - later nance look around . it feel like the entire supermarket 's eye be on she . as she pay and head toward the door , one of the housewive from earlier cut she off . housewife you really have no shame , do you ? I do not know how you can live with yourself . nance look down meekly as the woman pass . ext . supermarket parking lot - same 95 nance load she grocery into the trunk . in front of she we see a escalade slow down and circle . it come to a stop . angle on : margie duncan , mid-30s as she briskly walk toward nance from behind . we can hear her breath caught in her throat as she walk wy to nance , grab she by she ponytail and whip she neck bac violently yanking she to the ground . nance shriek before instinctively cover she head . margie you wanna ruin family ? be that what you want , nance , you wanna ruin my fuck family ? nance please , please , please . 96 76 . margie what be you sorry now ? you sorry ? nance I be sorry , I be sorry . margie reach into the grocery bag , pull out a carton of egg . she begin to smash they one by one in she face . margie i. do not. Fucking . believe . you. Whore . nance be sobbing hysterically . margie ( cont 'd ) you wanna act like trash then we will treat you like trash . Fucking garbage . she pull out a carton of milk and dump it right in nance 's face . nance gag as she try to cover she nosé and mouth . she then dump orange juice in she face . wide shot - we see a dozen or so people watching ... some be whisper , some be laugh , some be filming it on they iphone , but no one be intervene . margie lean down and spit in nance 's face . margie walk back proudly toward she car , the driver 's side door still open -- as she near , we hear the SOUND of 2 crying child inside . she slam she door and drive away . ext . supermarket parking lot - later 96 nance sit on the sidewalk , cover in milk and egg . she try to wipe herself clean with a stack of brown napkin . officer daniel stand above she . officer daniel you say that margie Duncan come up behind you , grab you ponytail , and rip you to the ground ? nance yes . officer daniel so , how could you be sure it be margie if she come from behind ? nance ( shake and emotional ) because I see she . officer daniel why would margie Duncan do this ? nance pause . 77 . nance uh , because I um ... officer daniel you what ? nance ( quietly ) because I have a affair with Robert . officer daniel I be sorry , I can not hear you , can you speak louder ? nance I have a affair with Robert . officer daniel her husband ? nance yes . officer daniel hm . well , we can certainly speak to she and investigate this further ... nance look over she shoulder at the small crowd that 's gather in the parking lot . officer daniel ( cont ’d ) -. but it 's go to be pretty difficult to press charge . back to he . nance what , why ? officer daniel unfortunately , there be no eyewitness . int . classroom - day 97 lily sit in the back of the class . her phone vibrate . : meet I under the bleacher in 5 . I need to talk to you . about what ? it 's important . she raise she hand . the teacher look at she . lily May I use the bathroom ? 98 99 78. i/e . hallway - day 98 we follow lily as she walk the empty hallway . she push through the exit door - toward the bleacher . ext . under the bleacher - moment later 99 lily walk under the bleacher , look for Mark . she spot he but as she near she notice that something 's off . lily what 's go on ? MARK I want to ask you something . lily what ? MARK of you have a birthmark on you bac lily begin to realize what 's go on . lily no. MARK you sure about that , lily ? lily yeah . I be sure . MARK you be lie , lily . you be fuck lie . lily no , I be not . MARK show I . lily no . MARK show I you be tell the truth . lily no . lily hear something behind she . as she turn , eric wrap he arm around she neck as two other guy grab she . lily scream . ing to fight back but they quickly overpower she and atest e she to the ground . eric stop fight . stop fight . 79 . lily please . please . please - eric stop fucking fighting ! eric try to cover she mouth as the two other guy pin she on she stomach . Mark lean down - MARK when I be look at all the photo in Nick mather 's leak ... I start to think '' this girl look really fuck familiar '' ... MARK pull out he phone , show lily a picture of a girl in panty from behind . a birthmark on the small of she back . MARK ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? look familiar , lily ? lily please do not do this , Mark . please . please . please . MARK and I think , there 's no fuck way this could be lily ... lily Mark I be begging you . stop. stop. MARK but I just want to make sure ... Mark pull up lily 's shirt from behind as she struggle . we hold on lily 's face . as she begin to cry . off-screen we hear a collective '' oooh '' from the guy as they find they '' evidence . '' follow by the SNAP of a photo be take . the photo become full screen suddenly a red circle be draw around she birthmark . we move to split screen as we see all of the photo of lily 's body from Nick 's leak , rapidly cycle across screen , until it land on the photo of she from behind in she underwear , she birthmark visible . another red circle be draw . in text , across the top of it , we see , as if someone 's type : find u slut ... lillian colson , 4267 Grove street. 555-1864 . ( for a good time call ;) camera zoom out to see it in the form of a photo on the screen of a phone , be texted . 80 . ( we see in rapid time , how something go viral ) - froma text , to be upload , to tumb ir , to twitter , to instagram -— be retweete , reblogge , upvote , comment on . from 3,000 to 8,000 to 120,000 from one subreddit to 100 subreddit , thousand upon thousand of comment . to the front page of reddit , Google ... the think piece in response - buzzfeed , mashable , Daily Beast . to what seem like the entire nation , share , comment , take side ... ( but all of this be what 's about to happen . so for right now ) we CUT back to : 100 ext . under the bleacher - continuous 100 MARK as he look up and turn he phone toward he friend and US , lily beneath he . MARK ( smile it 's a match . 101 int . locker room - day 101 we pan down to the clench fist of johnny , he tongue in he cheek , simulate a blow job , as three teammate crack up . * teammate 1 yo , I can not believe he fuckin’ suck bex 's dick . teammate 2 it 's so nasty . teammate 3 literally , I start gag . I have share drink with that mother fucker . teammate 2 you ever think he 's come back to school ? teammate 3 Nah , straight up , I give he like 5 day before he commit suicide . johnny yo , what if we go to he house and like fuck with he ? teammate 2 yo , dude that 's so mean . teammate 1 for real . we oughtta go over there and like , fuck punch he in the ball until he dibk do not work . 81 . teammate 2 you think that 's possible ? johnny I hear that if you fill a pillowcase with orange , you can eat the shit out of someone without it leave a mark . it just fuck up they organ and shit . teammate 3 oh fuck . we have to try that ! they all burst out laugh . johnny I guarantee you diamond be at home right now , lock in he room , just bein’ a little bitch . __ teammate 3 I will drive there right now . johnny I be in . teammate 1 I be in . teammate 2 I too . johnny what do they call US ??? all slay em high , killa ! 102 int . diamond house - day 102 diamond 's mother open the door to see johnny and he four teammates stand on the doorstep . diamond mother oh , hi boy . johnny hey Mrs. diamond , be josh home ? diamond mother yeah , he 's get some kind of stomach bug . I be just head off to work , but do not stay too long , I want to make sure he 's rest . johnny definitely , y'know , we just come over to give he some tender love and care . she laugh as they walk up the stair . she head out . 103 104 82 . close on the front door lock as it click . int . lily 's car - afternoon 103 as lily drive home . we hold close on lily 's phone vibrate in the cup holder . at first a few facebook notification . then a few text . a beat . then a few twitter request . five. ten. thirty . and then like a avalanche , thousand upon thousand of notification . instagram . tumblr . snapchat . dm 's. asks . her phone vibrate in the cupholder , create a uncease rattle . int . lily 's house - continuous 104 as lily enter , she see she parent sit at the kitchen table , look right at she . lawrence take a seat , lillian . she shake she head . lily I can not do this right now . just -- she start to walk up the stair . rebecca lily , come back here and sit down ! lily continue walk . rebecca ( cont 'd ) lily ! they hear lily 's door slam . we follow Rebecca as she walk to lily 's room with a eerie calmness , lawrence in tow . she knock on lily 's door . lily ( 0.8 . ) please do not do this . Rebecca open the door . rebecca I want to ask you a question and I want you to be honest with I . lily Mom ... rebecca be that you in the photo on Nick mather 's phone ? ( a beat ) ( more ) rebecca ( cont 'd ) I be ask you a simple question , lily . be that you in the photo ? lily please , do not do this . rebecca I just want to know the truth , lily . be this you ? do you do this ? lily start to get emotional . rebecca ( cont 'd ) lily , you be my daughter . I have spend year raise you . I just want to know the trut . lily I be begging you . do not do this ... rebecca lily , be this you in the photo ? lily dad -- lawrence answer the question , lily . tear start to run down lily 's face . __ lily yes . it be . Rebecca take this in , then very calmly , very quietly : rebecca get out of this house . lily what ? rebecca get. out . of this house . lily Mom , I be sorry . I be so sorry . rebecca lily , you can either walk out of this house , or I can drag you out . lawrence look at Rebecca - rebecca ( cont 'd ) no. lawrence ... I will not have - lily I be not think , I make a mistake - 83 . 105 84 . rebecca you be not the daughter I raise . I do not know who you be . but I will not have _a whore and a homewrecker sleep under my roof . lily sob in she bed . Rebecca scream at she - rebecca ( cont 'd ) get up ! get up ! right now ! lily drop she head to she pillow as she mother violently grab she by the arm and rip she out of bed , onto the floor . lily scream , and lawrence watch silently from the doorway . rebecca ( cont 'd ) stand up lily . stand up . you think you be a grow woman ? then stand up , lily . I will drag you down this stair . stand up . lily continue to cry . Rebecca proceed to drag she down the stair until she lie at the base of the staircase . she look up to see she father watch silently at the top of the stair . Rebecca open the front door , grab lily by both arm , and pull she out onto the doorstep . her mother slam the front door behind she , and sit down at the foot of the stair , before be join by she husband . they sit in silence for a beat , before they begin to hear lily violently pound on the front door , begging for forgiveness . lawrence put he arm around Rebecca . from behind , donny nonchalantly start to walk down the stair , hand in he pants , sip a Mountain Dew . as he pass he grief -stricken parent , he let out a loud burp . donny sorry . he walk into the kitchen . CUT to : grainy webcam footage : 105 out of the darkness , we see the american flag hockey mask . erostr4tus ( voice masked ) eenie , meenie , miney , mo. catch a tiger by the toe . he holler let he go . my mother tell I to ( pick the gery est one and it be . you . and then ... user : erostr4tus -- 100 new thread 106 85 . ext . salem suburb - late afternoon 106 lily walk along the sidewalk , try to collect herself . in the distance behind she , a car drive down the street . as the car approach , window roll down , we see two guy ( early 20 . ) passenger no way , lily colson . Holy shit ! she keep walk , face forward , ignore they . the car continue at a slow crawl alongside she . passenger_ ( cont ’d ) yo , I be a big fan of you work . driver ( 0.s. ) yeah , Salem 's own ' lil porn star ! she continue to ignore they . the passenger pull out he phone and start to take a video . passenger yo , just drivin 's back from work and look who we find . lily fuckin colson ! Salem 's # 1 slut . say what 's up lily ! say hi . can you blow we a al kiss , yvpeee ( beat ) c'mon ! we know you like to use that mouth ... C ’mon lily blow I a kiss . lily leave I the fuck alone . passenger what be that , bitch ? lily leave I the fuck alone . passenger someone 's get a nasty mouth . driver ( 0.s. ) it 's not like we do not know that . passenger c’mon , why you be such a bitch ? I think you like the attention . lily please . leave I alone . lily try to hold back she tear - passenger what , you only like marry man , bitch ? you only like to fuck marry man ? 107 86 . driver ( 0.s. ) that 's the mark of a true whore . passenger let I ask you a question , you think any man will ever wanna fuck that nasty pussy of yours after google you ? you life be over , bitch . you better take what you can get ... so c’mon and gettit , bitch . gettit . in car . the passenger pull a switchblade from he pocket . as tear begin to run down lily 's face ... lily ( quietly ) fuck you . passenger do not make I get outta this fuck car , bitch . the driver hit the gas and pull the car over as the passenger open he door . lily take off run . the passenger take off after she ... lily cut through someone 's driveway , through a backyard , and over a fence and continue to haul ass . behind she , the passenger hop the fence after she ... passenger ( cont ’d ) you can not out run I , bitch ! she cut back through a neighbor 's yard and out into the street . the driver spot she . he hit the gas . start to race toward she - the passenger come darting out onto the street after she as the car slow and he hop inside . the driver revs the engine again and speed forward . they " be right behind lily . as the passenger hang out of the window , filming lily as she run for she life . through the driver phone : we see lily run right in front the car . the passenger scream from behind the camera -- passenger ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) we get this Salem bitch on the motherfuck run ! slam CUT to : a rapid found footage montage of salem descending into chag / . - a teenage boy , sucker punch another boy in the back of the head as a crowd of teenager around he roar . intercut : user : erostr4tus -- 100 new thread - a brick be throw through a storefront window . the glass crash . 108 87 . -- 100 new thread - a scream crowd of teens part to reveal bb stand over grace , facedown in a pool of blood in the middle of the street . bb 's nose be bloody as she raise she hand in triumph . -- 100 new thread - shaky footage from inside a bedroom , as we hear gunshot outside . the camera look out the window to see a masked man stand in the middle of a suburban street , firing a handgun at a car . -- 100 new thread - johnny and he crew swarm a kid with punch and kick . johnny rise up , he body splatter in blood . -- 100 new thread = from behind a car someone film a group of masked men drag a man out of he house at gunpoint . his wife and kid scream after he . they force he into a car - -- 100 new thread - a mob of teenage boy and girl chant '' slut , slut , slut '' as a crying girl walk through the school hallway . a guy smack she book out of she hand . another girl shove she into the crowd and they shove she back . -- 100 new thread - a molotov cocktail be hurl into a hardware store . we watch as it burst into flame - -- 100 new thread - back to lily , on the run and shot through the iphone of the passenger as they chase she with they car . they continue to scream obscenity at she . passenger ( 0.c . ) the more you make I work , the more I be gonna make you hurt , bitch . slam back to : ext . salem suburb - late afternoon 108 as lily run down another driveway '' the passenger hop out again , and take off after she . she disappear around the corner of a garage . we run with the passenger as he race down the driveway toward the garage . as he near the corner - crack ! -- lily slam he in the face with a shovel . 109 88. blood and teeth go fly as he bone break under the hard metal . his body quickly go limp , crumble to the ground . lily raise the shovel again , look down at he , gasp and gurgle in he own blood . a beat . she drop the shovel and take off run - we hold close on lily as she run , stare right at we , breathe rhythmically with each pound step . over black . 109 in elegant , red cursive we see : one week later be write . '' it 's a good Day '' by Peggy Lee play . as camera push throug ! e letter and we be out onto - ext . street of salem - morning 110 - on the most beautiful day imaginable . camera cruise through the street as Peggy croon . - we pass a dad ( 40s ) water he lawn in a michael myer mask . he look up at we . several shot : of salem resident go about there day wearing mask . the music continue - - a man in a translucent mask stand in the aisle of a drugstore . the gmplo ees watch he . he pick up a case of baby formula and head to the register . - a person in a wrinkle old man mask sit in they car at a stoplight . as_a couple cross the street , hold the hand of they child . the family turn and we see all three include the child be masked . music fade out . close on . resident of salem . all masked . as camera begin to dolly across row after row . they listen quietly as a man speak ( 0.c . ) the leader ( 0.c . ) I do not want to know you name . I do not want to see you face . I do not want to hear what you do or do not do . what part be true _and what part be false . we be all victim . every single one we . victim of a act of terrorism . and we realize we be in - int . town hall - night 111 push in on : a man in a red skeleton ski mask ( the leader ) as he address the resident of salem . 111a 89 . the leader it 's become clear that we police force , we state trooper , we federal government be either incapable or unwilling to stop this terror . and the rest of the world be watch . laugh at we . take pleasure in we iation . as if this be some form of entertainment . reverse . as the camera boom up , we see the leader stand in front of a crowd of masked townspeople . Halloween mask . ski mask . makeshift mask . the leader ( cont 'd ) every day , on twitter , on Facebook , on_a thousand blog , we personal information , the intimate detail of we life be print and dissect and we name forever marre . and then , with stir violence : the leader ( cont ’d ) that end right now . ( cheer ) we will no longer be humiliated . ( cheer ) we will no longer be helpless . ( cheer ) we must join together to root out this coward and any accomplice . ( cheer ) we will bring they to justice . ( cheer ) by any means necessary . the thunderous cheer carry over - int . salem STREET - night 111a three masked men , and the leader , quietly roll down the street in a car with they headlight of the leader cock he gun as he and two other masked men step out of the car - the leader ( v.o. ) ( over the cheer ) if the government cannot establish law and order , you better believe we will . as we follow the masked men around to the back of a house - ( we hear the resident in the previous scene erupt - followed by a chant : yes , we will ! yes , we will ! yes , we will ! ) the leader try the back door . it 's open . 90 . the leader ( to the other ) gotta love the suburb . as they enter the home - int . house - continuous 112 the whirl of the washer dryer as they slowly make they way past the kitchen / laundry area to ... the live room where the tv be pause on a PS4 game . leader motion to upstairs . as they slowly ascend the staircase . masked man # 1 enter the master bedroom where a middle age man be sleep soundly . a combat knife be place directly beneath he chin and a hand over mouth . his eye pop OPEN . a muffle scream , as masked man # 2 quickly zip tie he hand . they duct tape he mouth . before pull a pillowcase over he head and duct taping it around he neck . the man start to grunt - the leader head towards a bedroom at the end of the hall . a low hum come from within . he slowly open the door , to reveal a complex computer setup - the mainframe hum . the leader continue to slowly push open the bedroom door , to reveal no one inside . reverse . as the leader move toward the bathroom we reveal , marty kolker , in he boxer , stand between the door and 's the wall , terrify . marty realize this be he one chance to escape . he begin to inch slowly around the door -- but what he can not see , be masked man # 1 head down the hallway toward he bedroom -- until suddenly , the two of they collide . a gun shot . marty and the masked man wrestle , before marty be quickly bring to the ground . the leader yell - the leader why would you shoot he ? why the fuck do you shoot he ? in master bedroom , marty 's father , the knife still to he throat , wail from under the pillowcase at the think of he son be dead . in marty 's room , masked man # 1 struggle to subdue marty - masked man 1 the bullet go into the floor . 91 . marty thrashes as masked man # 1 punch he several time in the stomach , knock the wind out of he . the leader violently put he knee in marty 's neck and zip tie he hand . close on marty as duct tape be wrap around he head several time over . camera follows as he 's drag by he foot down the hallway , tear run down he face . he 's hoist into the air by the two masked Men as we watch they carry he down the stair . int . bathroom somewhere - later 113 close on - a light switch be flip . under the harsh bathroom light - marty lay on the floor , in he boxer . ankle duct - tape : hand duct -tape . arm duct - tape to he body . a makeshift straight jacket . marty be lift and place into a bathtub . his face directly under the faucet . the leader , still in he red skeleton ski mask , climb on top of marty , straddle he . he extend a razor blade . lower it toward marty 's duct tape face . -- marty start to thrash violently underneath he , muffle wail and tear pour from he face . _ . the leader I be try to cut the tape off marty . marty stop , as the leader delicately cut the tape - the leader ( cont 'd ) good. good . marty ( sobbing ) please do not hurt I - the leader ( calm , almost gentle ) shhh ... focus marty ... breathe ... I want you to_ listen to I very carefully . I be go to ask_you a couple of question ... and I want you to answer they truthfully . ( beat ) but if you lie to we , marty , I be go to hurt you . do you understand ? marty start panic again - marty I promise you , I promise you , I do not do anything ! I do not -- 92 . the leader marty . you be get so work up and I have not even ask you a question yet . marty start to sob - marty I be sorry . I be so sorry . the leader y'know when Chief Patterson 's information get leak , we all get to_ read the franscript 's of you police interview . ( laugh ) I mean , you basically tell they you do it . marty I do not do it ! I swear to god . I be just fuck with they -— the leader what do I say , marty ? you remember ? ( beat ) no lie . masked man # 1 drape a washcloth over marty 's face as the leader turn on the bath tub faucet . Water begin to flood marty 's mouth and lung as he whole body lock up . he choke and gag , terrify he 's go to drow . the leader turn the faucet off . the leader ( cont 'd ) we know you be behind this , marty . marty continue to gasp and spit up water - marty I swear I do not do it ! I swear ! the leader / somebody do this , marty . if it be not you , who be it ? the faucet be turn on . turned off . marty gasp for air . marty I can not breathe . I can not breathe . i_do not want to die . please . please . the leader who. did. this ? marty I do not - I do not know for sure , but I think it 's lily colson . 114 93. the leader lily colson ? marty I think so . the leader you think so or you know so ? marty pause . the leader turn the faucet on . turn it off . marty I know ! i_ know ! I know ! just please stop , I will tell you whatever you want to know . the leader all we want be the truth , marty . marty ( through tear and gasp ) okay . okay . okay . the leader look up at the two other masked men . the leader clean he up . a freeze framed image of marty kolker shot thru a computerl14 he 's clean up , wear a white shirt . his eye be look to someone off- camera . suddenly , the clip be drag back and we see the arm of the leader in the edge of the frame . it play . the leader ( 0.c . ) I want you to say exactly what you say before but direct ly to the camera . you be not confess to I . you be confess to everyone that you and you friend hurt . marty I be sorry , I be just nervous . the leader ( 0.c . ) it 's okay to be nervous . even emotional . you feel remorse . that 's normal . but we do not want it to look like you be be coerce because you be not ... marty no . the leader ( 0.c . ) you be tell the truth . marty I be . 94 . the leader ( 0.c . ) then tell it to the world . marty look at the camera . __ marty my name be marty kolker and - the frame be freezed again . the leader right arm be still in frame . suddenly , the image be resized and he 's cropped out . marty ( cont ’d ) my name be marty kolker and I can no longer hold back the truth . int . bathroom - night 115 the leader , still in he red skeleton ski mask , wash he hand in a sink . we follow he as he walk through he house . on he belt be a walkie talkie : walkie talkie ( 0.s. ) how much longer do we have to wait ? I be afraid she 's go to try to make a run for it . the leader be patient and there 's 1ll be no place for she to run . the light be off in the house , as he walk upstairs , we see child 's toy on the floor , dish in the sink . fly buzz . int . office - continuous 116 -- where laid out on the desk be handgun , ammunition , zip tie , a map of the neighborhood . printed file of data leak . the picture of erostratus . he walk over , sit at he desk . look straight at US . as he reach behind camera and turn off he desk lamp - reverse : the darkness reveal the street outside at night , and the lacey house light up in the distance ... and in em 's window , lily be laugh . and we realize where we be , and who this man be . nick pick up one of the handgun , point it straight at lil and steady he arm . it 's a impossible shot , or at least i’ seem like one . as we see lily turn towards the window , he gun still train on she ... he pull the trigger . click . the chamber be empty . 95 . 117 int . em 's bedroom - night 117 lily , em , bex , and Sarah lay around em 's room , half - watch the 1971 version of straw dog . sarah someone should remake this movie , but instead of Susan George get rape , Dustin hoffman should get rape . em when I grow up , I want to_be a director and only make male rape revenge film . sarah that 's my dream , you can not steal that from I ! + oh my god , '' inat would be amazing . can you imagine like , '' I spit on you grave , '' but star Channing Tatum ? em ( movie trailer voice ) | on a dark and stormy night , in a small rural town , five man kidnap the tate and do the unspeakable ... wait ? just imagine that poster , the tate in tighty - whity cover in blood and dirt hold a kitchen knife . ughhhhhhh ! hhh hk bex ugh why have not shonda write that already ? lily look at she phone . she sigh - sarah lil , stop look at you phone . lily I just do not understand how like legit news organization can link to my nude . em it 's super fuck up . Google need like a delete button . bex be flipping through lily 's mention on twitter . bex chrissy teigen kind of tweet she support for you . I mean , she do not erence you directly , but she say '' when a man cheat , why do everyone always blame the other woman ? especially when she 's 18 and he 's 40 - something . '' 96 . em ugh , I love she . I wish they have adopt I . just like strap I ina baby bjorn and walk I around town . sarah that 's who should run for President ! as Sarah and em freak out over this possibility - lily what be people say back ? bex well . like , if I be gonna be a hundred percent honest , there 's not a whole lot of people on you side . ( lily sigh ) you should just do what Kim kardashian do and build a empire out of this . lily it 's not funny , bex . bex I be serious , how many follower do you have on twitter now ? lily I do not know , 40000 or something . but straight up , 80 % of they be threaten to either kill I or rape I . in no particular order . which I can not figure out for the life of I . like who see naked hoto of a girl and they first instinct be like '' yo , I gotta kill this bitch . '' em guy be super illogical . sarah that 's what man do not realize . this whole slut shaming thing literally make my pussy drier than a motherfuck rice cake . the girl crack up . sarah ( cont 'd ) no. I be serious . I be like so sad I have not be able to masturbate . last night , I look at my hitatchi ... with disdain . they keep laugh ... after a beat . lily this whole thing be so fuck humiliate . + ho * 97 . sarah if life be a movie , this would be the obligatory '' girl shave she head '' scene . lily no. C ’mon . that would have be last_week . right now , it would be '' girl burn this motherfuck town to the ground '' scene . sarah that have be so dope . em but I be glad this be not a movie cause if it be , you have definitely die at the end . sarah totally . lily why the fuck do I gotta die at the end ? em and sarah ( in_a fuckboy voice ) Cause slut gotta go ! they all start laugh . Sarah stop abruptly , sit up . sarah wait , what the fuck , do you guy see this ? Sarah look at she phone - sarah ( cont 'd ) marty kolker upload this and now it 's like everywhere - she press play . it 's the video we see before with marty talk to camera . marty my name be marty kolker and I can no longer hold back the truth . I be not erostratus , and this be not my idea . but after Mayor bartlett 's information be leak , I start to monitor the amount of data be upload and download from each ip in and around Salem . there be one that stand out . lily colson 's . I then confront she about it at school . lily have tear stream down she face . bex , em and Sarah all look at she ... 98 . lily he 's lie . I swear to god that 's not true . she not only 's Zdmit that she be behind the hack , but she also say that if I do not help she , she have release all of my private information as well my father 's . ( he break down cry ) I be so sorry . I be so scared . I do not know what to do and so I agree to help she . I be so sorry for all the pain I have cause . I be so sorry . please forgive I . the video end . lily curl into a ball , sobbing hysterically . lily he 's lie . tell I you believe I . tell I you know I do not do this . bex I know you do not . it do not even make sense . em we believe you . sarah I believe you . outside , in the street , they hear a car door shut . bex what be that ? ext . lacey house - same 118 close on someone pick the lock of the front door . suddenly , the lock pop open . int . lacey house - continuous 119 the house be dark . as the front door be slowly push open , it reveal a masked man . close on he combat boot as he start to quietly walk into the house . he hold a glock . Zip tie hang from he belt . he look back towards the doorway and motion to the other to wait . as he turn the corner into the live room -- the deafen sound of a gun shot , as we see nance in she nightgown , hold a revolver . 99 . the masked man go down . nance walk over to he and try to peel he finger off of the gun , as she look up at the front door , still open . his grip be still tight , and in a moment_of panic , she get up and go to shut he 's front door . she lock it , leave the gun in he hand . she return to he side and peel the gun from he hand . nance ( yell ) em! Sarah ! I be okay ! call the police , call the police ! all four girl run downstairs . em I be call , I be call . nance he try to break in , he be in the house , he have a gun . I shot he , I just shot he , I do not know what else to do . em it 's still ringing , it 's just ringing . sarah what do you mean , it 's still ringing ? they be not answer ? em no they be not answer . listen . em put it on speakerphone and it 's ringing ... ringing ... bex be we like ... sure he 's dead ? nance I do not know , I think so . bex how many time do you shoot he ? nance I do not know -- sarah there be only one gunshot . just keep the gun on he . suddenly , someone pick up on the phone . male voice ( on phone ) ( 0.s. ) Salem Police Department . 100 . em hi , this be em lacey at 1165 elm Street , someone just break in and ny mom shot he . I think he be after -- nance he be armed . em please - please send somebody quick . there 's a short beat on the other end of the phone . male voice ( on phone ) ( 0.s. ) I be sorry , all of we officer be currently assist on other call at the moment . em what be we suppose to do ? a beat . male voice ( on phone ) ( 0.s. ) you can give we lily colson . close on lily as she stop breathe . everyone turn to she . male voice ( on phone ) ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) you have one minute to decide . click - he hang up . a long beat as pure terror overcome they . suddenly , from outside , a board cover the window . then a strange sound : pop . pop . pop - pop . then another board over another window . pop . pop . pop - pop . nance get down , get down . they be fuck nail the window shut . they be lock we in here . nance follow the sound with she revolver around . pop . pop . through the window close to they , ghey see_a man in a red stocking mask . a board cover it . pop op . pop . the room be almost pitch black except for the flicker screen of the tv the girl huddle frighten . as they hear liquid begin to splash against the outside of the house . em what the fuck be they do ? sarah it 's gasoline . they be go to burn we alive . they be go to burn we alive . and then the front door lock , click open . + + 101 . the door slowly creep open . Sarah begin to panic as she look at lily . sarah ( cont 'd ) lily ... no . no. em and bex realize what she 's insinuate . em no. no. no. bex lily -- nance em , Sarah . Girls , she have to . we do not have a choice . we hold on , lily as she look at they . it 's a impossible decision . tear begin to stream down she face . lily nance , give I the gun . em cling to lily , cry . sarah you be not go - em Mom , she can not go out there . nance hand the gun to lily . lily be there a safety that I need - nance no . you just pull the trigger . lily nod . em still cling to she . lily I love you . em do not do this . Sarah and bex move to hug lily and em . the girl hug each other tightly . lily I love you all so much . she pull away . tuck the gun in the waistband of she skirt . and walk toward the front door . she stop . and then she step outside -— 120 121 122 102 . ext . lacey house - night 120 lily look around at ten masked men , position around the house and street . suddenly , she 's swarm on either side . two men grab she and throw she to the ground . her hand be quickly zip tie . mouth duct tape . and then lift and carry toward a car . red stocking mask stand outside the front door , hold the nail gun and look at the house . another black ski mask , yell to he . black ski mask * let 's go ! we get she . but red stocking mask do not move . * black ski mask ( cont 's D ) * the fuck be you do ? let 's go ! close on : red stocking mask as he reach into he pocket and pull out a zippo . black ski mask ( cont 'd ) * no! no! no ! red stocking mask hold the zippo out . move it toward the gasoline soak window ... the house catch FIRE . the flame quickly spread around the outside of the house . red stocking mask pull the front door shut , raise the nail gun and pump nail after nail into the door frame . bolt it shut . bolt they inside . black ski mask and the other men take off down the street - * int . car - continuous 121 angle on . lily as she 's stuff in the back seat of the car surround by three masked men . she see the house go up in flame and begin to scream from under the duct tape . ext . STREET - continuous 122 wide shot : the car carry lily begin to drive away into the night - a beat . four muffled gunshot light up the inside . the car slow , before veer at a snail 's pace and bang into a stop sign . 123 103 . a beat . the back door open . lily emerge cover in blood . her hand still zip tie behind she back , but she waist twisted to the side in order to hold the gun . she crouch down , lay the revolver down on the street as try to step through she bound hand to bring they to the front ... she can not . she lay down on the street face we as she try to get she leg through - in the bg black mask crawl out of the car , a large knife in hand . he 's bleed from he gut as he slowly slither toward lily . lily be strain she shoulder as pull she leg up . the man slither closer , he knife raise . he 's almost on top of she as she finally bring she leg to the front , reach down , grab the gun . as black mask bring he knife down to stab her , she push the barrel under he chin and pull the trigger , blow he head off . his body drop . she look at he , shaking with fear . she tear the tape off she mouth and turn toward -- the house , flame lick around the first story . and stand in front of the house , the man in the red stocking mask . he begin to walk toward lily . nail gun raise . pop . pop . both nail miss , clinking against the pavement around lily . lily aim she revolver at he . pull the trigger . click . the chamber be empty . she take off run - int . lacey house - same 123 black smoke pour in as the house burn from the outside . the girl all on the floor crawl up the step - sarah use the window in em 's room . bex but it 's a straight drop . em there 's no other choice . they reach em 's bedroom and head toward the window . it 's small , not easy to fit through but the flame have yet to engulf it . em pull it open . + > E 124 125 104 . nance em , crawl through . em begin to squeeze she way through the window . the fire be just below she ... she look down . it 's a straight 12 - foot drop onto concrete . em oh god . I can not . I can not . * ext . salem suburb , neighbor backyard - continuous 124 close on lily , face down as she hide in the bush . we hear the sound of footstep approach . through a small part in the bush , she can see a pair of combat boot as they near and then stop . a fly land on lily 's cheek . she blink as it buzze off . the boot start to walk away . from the other direction ... another set of footstep . they walk right up to she . her whole body clenches in fear . and then a man 's hand slide through the bushes and tap she . * she jump . * nick ( whisper ) | lily . it 's Nick . come on . * she look up at Nick , he hand outstretch . she 's reticent to take he hand — but she do as he quietly lead she by she bound hand toward he house - % lily ( whisp pere ) thank you , nic thank you so much . nick it 's gonna be okay . as he usher she through the back door , we see Nick close the door behind he . the lock click into place . int . em 's bedroom - continuous 125 nance yell at em , who 's freeze with fear in the windowsill - _ nance just fuck jump , em ! em jump . she hit the concrete and roll forward , skin she arm . she scream in pain . but she 's able to stand up and shake it off - nance ( cont ’d ) climb through , bex. 105 . bex begin to squeeze she way through the window . the flame be reach higher . bex back off - bex fuck . fuck . em just fuck jump , bex . bex leap from the window , hit the concrete , and roll ... she scream in pain as she clutches she ankle . em help she to she foot . back to nance and sarah - thick , black smoke be beginning to rise from the floor of em 's bedroom . the carpet melting into a thick , burn hot soup . sarah ( scream and cry ) it 's burn my foot - nance climb through Sarah - Sarah begin to climb through the window . outside . em and bex look up at the window , as the flame begin to rise . em Quick , Sarah , quick ! bex turn to see red stocking mask walk towards they , hold the nail gun at he side . bex em . we gotta go , we gotta go . em no. no. ( to Sarah ) just jump , Sarah ! jump ! sarah it 's too hot ... Sarah start to slide back into the house . em start to wail . em bex Mom ! Sarah ! Mom ! em , we gotta get out of here ! red stocking mask be move closer , he 's about 25 foot away . bex start to pull em , literally try to drag she in the opposite direction down the street . em be scream . em Sarah ! Sarah ! Sarah ! red stocking mask raise the nail gun and fire . a long nail pierce em right below she shoulder blade . em scream . 126 106 . as_ sarah leap from the window and hit the concrete and roll into the small island garden . red stocking mask turn toward she . Sarah lay motionless on the ground . as red stocking mask raise he nail gun to shoot sarah - we see Sarah lay there , eye open . as she swing a metal pathlight into he kneecap , cause he bone to shatter and leg to buckle . he let out a guttura howl . she rise to she foot . crack he across the head . blood seep through the red stock mask as he fall to the ground , drop the nail gun . Sarah grab it . climb on top of he ! press it to he head and fire . pop . pop . pop . she turn and look up at the second story window engulfed in FIRE . there 's no way nance be still alive . she turn back , push the nail gun into he head again but em and bex grab she and pull she off into the night . int . nick 's house - continuous 126 the light be off . but from the sound of the buzzing fly in the kitchen , we get the sense that the house have fall into complete disarray . Nick lead lily - nick keep the light off . and stay quiet . if anyone find out you 's be here , I be fuck . understan lily Nick ? nick what ? lily be Rose here ? nick ( a beat ) what ? do not want to face she ? lily be take aback . lily seriously , Nick . be Rose here ? nick she uh , take the kid and leave . there 's a awkward beat . lily ; D - do you have any scissors ? she hold up she bound hand . hhh of + + 127 107 . nick scissor . scissor . scissor ...? ( beat ) in my office . but I want you out of the live room , there 's too many window . as they head through the live room , lily can see across the street , em 's house on fire . she start to cry - lily do you see if they make it out ? nick who ? lily em , bex , nance , Sarah . anyone ? nick the gunshot wake I up . I do not see what happen . but lily , I need you to go upstairs - they start to walk up the stair . lily stop , turn to he . nick ( cont 'd ) what ? . lily I be just scared . nick of what ? lily everyone . everything . nick lily ... look at I he put he hand against she cheek . she nod . nick ( cont 'd ) ( tenderly ) it 's I . start back up the stair . as she reach the top . nick ( cont 'd ) wait in Carly 's room . I will be right there - he head through the darken hallway toward he office . lily wait a beat and then head the opposite direction and into - int . carly 's bedroom - continuous 127 the light be off . a little pink night light cast the room in a oddly surreal glow . 128 108 . the room be in disarray , closet emptied , clothing on the floor . as if they leave in a hurry . lily take a seat on the edge of Carly 's bed . behind she , in big arching block letter , the word princess . she look up at a revolve carousel that hang above the bed , where princess chase prince on white horse . in the hallway , we see the silhouette of Nick approach . a large combat knife in he hand . nick I could not find the scissors - he enter C to find lily sit on the bed , she hand bound . she hold she breath as she see Nick with the knife - nick ( cont 'd ) but this should do the trick . lily take a deep breath as he sit down next to she . nick , ( cont 'd ) might take a minute to see through the plastic here - lily keep she eye on Nick . nick ( cont 'd ) come closer . he lay she arm across he lap . nick ( cont 'd ) stay still , I do not wanna nick ya . he begin to see the thick plastic tie with the serrate edge of the knife . he look at she , as she look back up at he . nick ( cont 'd ) God , you be beautiful . ext . salem suburb - night 128 bex , Sarah , and em run through the street . they bang on random door , begging to be let in . bex please , open up , please help ! as she stent on the front door of a house , inside , a barking dog scratch at the window , a baby cry . and then a woman 's voice , on the other side of the door : woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) I be sorry . I can not . bex please -- they be try to kill we . > E 129 109 . woman' voice ( 0.s. ) ( from inside ) I can not . I have a baby . I do not want any trouble . please go away - a oncoming car with it 's headlight off , pull a u-turn . the girl take off run down the street as the car 's high beam flick back on . the car accelerate and start to ride between they , they split off into two different direction . bex go through the wood and meet I at my house ! as bex split off from Sarah and em ... int . nick's house , carly 's room - continuous 129 as Nick continue to see through the plastic handcuffs - nick I have be think a lot about everything that happen between we . how it start . why it start . lily I know . I too . nick how I use to give you a ride home at night . lily yeah . nick I never cheat on Rose . you know that ? lily I know . you tell I . nick Fifteen year . I be faithful . lily and you still - Nick stop saw . nick my entire family 's be destroy . lily be quiet . nick ( cont 'd ) but that night , when I give you a ride home ... ( more ) 110 . nick ( cont 'd ) you be tell I about you art and I be say how you should take a year off and travel . go to the Louvre . the pompidou . the tate . and then ... you look at I . you bit you lip . you look at I and you put you hand on my crotch - lily look stunne , she instinctively defend herself . lily no. no . that 's not true - nick - you put you hand right by m crotch . and you basically grab my dick ... lily Nick I do not even know you like I until you - nick do not lie , lily . do not lie . you know I be marry . you know I love my wife . you know I cherish my wife and kid . so answer I , lily . why do you do it ? lily tremble as tear begin to pour down she face . nick ( cont 'd ) it be you who want this , right ? Nick raise the tip of the blade and tap she chin . nick ( cont 'd ) tell . the. Fucking . Truth . lily have no choice - lily yes . I do . nick why ? lily because I like you . nick and you can not control yourself ? lily no. nick from the moment you see I , you want I . lily yes . 130 131 132 111 . nick no matter who the fuck you hurt . lily nod . he put the knife between the plastic cuff . close on . nick as he stare right into lily 's eye - nick ( cont 'd ) all this pain and chaos and I never even get to fuck you . he cut through the plastic -- ext . salem suburb - night 130 em and Sarah take cover behind a suv . em wince in pain as she reach behind she shoulder blade , to feel the long nail that 's lodge in she back . sarah here . do not move . Sarah try to grip the nail head with she finger . she start to tug it out a little as em cry in pain . suddenly , from behind -- a flashlight . they turn -- -- the smile face of officer richter , gun in he hand . ext . wood - same 131 bex be run through the pitch black wood . as she near the edge of the wood , there 's a slight hill that slope down to a street , and she can see she house on the corner . -- she 's hit from behind . int . carly 's bedroom - continuous 132 lily look at Nick , who stroke she hair . lily May I use the bathroom ? nick I do not want you to go downstairs . lily what about the one down the hall ? nick ( beat ) I have rather you do not . lily I really have to pee . please . * 133 112 . nick just do not turn on the light . I do not want anyone outside to see I be hide you . lily I promise . lily get up and walk down the hall . Nick follow . watch she from the door frame as she enter the bathroom , a little sliver of light from the streetlight outside - int . bathroom - continuous 133 ry , look at the silhouette of Nick at the end of the hall , knife still in hand . she slowly shut the door to the bathroom . lock it . it 's dead silent . except for a few buzzing fly . in the darkness of the bathroom , lily search for something to arm herself with - on the edge of the sink , a mach 3 gilette razor . she put it on the ground , step on it . it crack underneath . she try to pick up the thin razor . it slice she thumb . she lick she finger of blood and try again . she finally pick they up . but they be too thin to hold as a weapon . she grab a bar of soap off the edge of the sink . wedge the first razor in - nick ( 0.s. ) everything alright in there ? lily yeah . lily reach over and flush the toilet . go back to try to wedge the other razor in the soap . the toilet continue to run . the water rise higher and higher . it start to overflow . spill out and pool onto the floor of the bathroom . lily ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) fuck . fuck. fuck. she get the second razor wedge . the water will not stop run . the toilet gurgle . it 's flooding the bathroom . bily ? nick ( 0.c . ) in the darkness , the water look black . it 's sloshing around she shoe . it feel heavier , thicker than water . and the SOUND of buz fly grow louder -- 113 . lily ( under she breath ) what the fuck ? lily move she hand to the light -switch . flick the light on - a river of blood be overflowing from the toilet . she scream . turn toward the showertub . the curtain be draw but she can see a human hand dangle over the side . a thunderous pounding from outside the door of the bathroom . nick goddammnitt lily ! why ’d you turn the light on ??? OPEN the fucking door ! OPEN it !!! OPEN !! she look around the curtain to see the dead body of marty kolker in the tub . she scream . nick ( cont 'd ) he saw my face lily ! he saw I ! I have no choice ! Nick begin to kick the door . lily scramble to insert the third blade into the bar of soap . she slice she finger . nick ( cont 'd ) OPEN the fucking door ! as the toilet continue to gurgle and run with blood . Nick start to jimmy the lock ... it rattles . pop open . as she push the third razor into the bar of soap - the door fly open and nick charge she with he knife . lily grab the soap , turn , and swipe he across the neck . nickan throat open with the slice of the razor . he drop he knife , begin to cough and gag as he grab he throat . lily try to move around he , but slip in the sea of blood , and slam through the shower curtain and on top of marty kolker 's dead body . the fall knock the wind of out she . nick lunge on top of she . his free hand search for she throat . he start to choke she . blood _ begin to pour from between he finger and rain down over lily 's face , as she whip she head side to side in the ocean of blood under she . nick grip she harder . his eye bulg . lily struggle to breathe . but she body be completely pin under the weight of he . she begin to lose consciousness . nick be breath get more and_more labor , as he lose more blood , and he grip slowly loosen . until he body slowly fall on top of hers , he hand release it 's grip . 134 135 136 137 138 139 140 114 . from above . on lily . eye close . trapped between nick and marty 's lifeless body , and drench in blood . a beat . her eye open as she take a gulp of AIR . ext . wood 134 a man in a beaked mask drop a rope around bex 's neck , and begin to slowly drag she through the wood as she kick and scream , clutching at the rope around she neck . int . nick 's house - night 135 lily stand in the bathroom , drench in blood . Nick lie dead on the floor . as she wipe the blood from she face . she walk down the hall into nickan office . she turn on the light , to reveal a wall of weapon . a assault rifle . knive . handguns and a combat shotgun with a bayonet . omitted 136 omitted 137 int . nick 's house - night 138 close on lily as she slide she rip black stocking off , she cut off one leg , and pull it over she head . ext . wood - night 139 bex be drag into a clear , where five masked guy all begin to cheer . the man in the beak mask pull he mask off and we see the bruise , swollen face of diamond . diamond ( he whisper ) I be sorry , bex . johnny approach smack diamond in the head . johnny first we be gonna kill you . then , the lacey sister . and after that , I be gonna kill that slut , lily colson . omitted 140 115 . int . cop car - night 141 em and Sarah be in the backseat . richter start the car . officer richter I guess little marty kolker be tell the truth . em believe I , he be not . officer richter tell that to the FBI . they just call the Chief and confirm marty 's story about the amount of data lily be upload . sarah hey richter , anybody ever tell you that you have brain of a infant in the body of John goodman ? the both start laugh . em 's eye go wide . officer richter see this be the problem with you fuckin’ generation . you do not think anything 's real . you think you can just destroy people 's life like it 's fuckin’ nothing . well , guess what ? ( beat ) if you girl want to be we judge , 22 rye and executioner than I get no in 's problem be yours . in the distance , he headlight come up on lily , a tear stock cover she face , stand in the middle of the street . she have two machete strapped to she back , three gun in the waistband of she skirt and she 's point a combat shotgun at the cop car . richter slam on the brake . open the car door . hold he gun by he side . em and Sarah scream from the backseat : em he 's gonna kill you ! richter walk to lily before stop about ten foot away . officer richter you sure you even know how to hold that thing , little girl ? as richter move to shoot lily - a loud blast . inside cop car . blood splatter the windshield of cruiser . as lily blow richter away . she walk to the cruiser and open the back door . em and Sarah wrap she arm around she .. HH hhh oh HH * * > 141a 142 116 . sarah I think you be dead . lily where 's bex ? em she say to meet she at she house . she be gonna cut through the wood , I think . lily where 's nance ? a pain look in Sarah and em 's face . suddenly , a loud gurgle from richter . the girl turn . Sarah grab lily 's 's shotgun and round the police cruiser . she look down at richter lay in a pool of he own blood . he look up at Sarah , gurgle . Close on sarah : sarah I just want to be clear . this be not out of vengeance ... ( she cock the shotgun ) it 's pity . wide shot . we see headlight of richter 's car . and the girl in silhouette . a shotgun blast light up the night sky . ext . salem suburb - night 141a camera slowly pan down from the night sky to find lily , em and Sarah walk through the street of Salem , armed to the tooth - with machete , shotgun and handgun . ext . wood - night 142 we see johnny as he get in diamond 's face . johnny c’mon diamond ! be a fuck man ! bex watch as johnny push diamond toward she . diamond look at bex . bex please . please . I be begging you . do not do this . diamond ( softly ) I be sorry , bex . > % + 117 . he pick up the other end of the rope and throw it over a tree branc a roar of approval from the guy . johnny thatta boy , diamond ! masked teammate slay ‘em High , killa ! diamond start to pull the rope . bex writhes as she 's lift to she foot . johnny be look at he phone - johnny you see this ? the whole town be head to lily colson 's house . masked teammate oh shit . they be gonna be out for blood . johnny ( to bex ) you hear that ? we be bringin’ all you fuckin’ bitch to justice . the masked teammate begins to film bex on he phone ... bex look at diamond , pleadingly . bex ( choke ) this be not you , please . look at what you be do , look at what you be do . you be not like this . diamond ( whisper , to bex ) I be so sorry , bex , but I be so scared . bex so be I . a beat , as diamond just stare right at she , tear run down she face . he drop the rope , turn : diamond I be not do this , I be not gonna hurt she . johnny what the fuck be wrong with you , look at you life . she ruin it . she humiliate you ! diamond no , she do not humiliate I . you do . johnny walk up to diamond , pull out he revolver . he put one bullet in the cylinder , spin it , and click it into place . hhh hhh of + HH hk + 118 . he put the barrel to diamond 's forehead . johnny you be not a hero , diamond . he push the gun harder into diamond 's forehead . johnny ( cont 'd ) say it . say '' I be not a hero . '' tear start to stream down diamond 's face . he say nothing . johnny pull the trigger - click . no bullet . johnny ( cont 'd ) ( to the masked teammate ) pick up the rope . the masked teammate grab the rope , and begin to hoist bex into the air . she scream . pull at the noose , try to hold herself up . bex no. no. no. no. bex begin to choke . as the masked teammate start to wrap the rope around the base of a tree , diamond lunge for johnny , who quickly pistol whip he across the face , overpower he , beat he with the butt of the gun . suddenly from behind -- the masked teammate hear a twig SNAP . he turn as em swing back her machete and bring it down , hacking into he body . she let go of the machete as masked teammate turn to find himself look down the barrel of a gun . Sarah shoot he point blank . em pull the machete out of he and cut the rope as bex drop to the ground . one of the other masked teammate pull out a knife and dunge at lily . she point the barrel between he legs and pull the trigger . he scream and writhes in pain . johnny stand up from diamond and point he gun as the Girls start to surround he . diamond he only have one bullet . lily toss bex the shotgun , she grab it . bex I do not know how to use this thing . I do not like gun . johnny stand in the middle of they , surround . he point the gun from girl to girl , do not know where to shoot . ee * 119 . lily Drop the gun , johnny . c’mon , drop it . johnny point the gun at lily , pull the trigger . click . bex quickly swing the gun , plunging the bayonet tip into johnny " 's chest . he drop the gun . she hold he at a safe istance . lily ( cont 'd ) all you do be pull the trigger . johnny you fuck ... bex find the trigger , but hesitates ... she move johnny around in a circle , as he continuously swing at she ... bex turn to the girl , grimace . bex really ? lily at this point ... yes. em sarah yeah ... yeah ... bex it just seem so gruesome . she look at johnny , he face fill with rage and hate : johnny you fuck cunt ! close on . bex as she tilt she head like '' really ? '' bex oh now you do fuck up . she pull the trigger , blowing he away . the three girl turn to the last masked teammate 2 who scramble to he foot - and raise he hand in the air . the girl surround he , weapon raise . his pants begin to darken as he piss himself . masked team mate 2 do not kill I ! do not kill I ! pily £ do you apologize for try to lynch my best friend ? masked team mate 2 I do not try - she tap he head with she gun . + + 120. lily you better take responsibility - masked team mate 2 I be sorry for try to lynch you best friend . sarah and you promise to never try to lynch another girl again ? em I mean ... or anyone for that matter . masked team mate 2 yes . I promise . lily ok . give I you phone . he hand she he phone . lily ( cont 'd ) what 's you password ? he hesitates . em raise she machete . masked team mate 2 123456 lily try the code . his phone unlock . lily seriously ? ( then ) go and tell you boy about we . kyle I can go , for real ? lily for real . for real . he get up , grateful . kyle thank you so so much . thank you . thank you . oh my god , thank you . he run off into the night . bex help diamond to he foot . bex you okay ? diamond yeah . you okay ? bex yeah . ee ek HH oh + 121. bex ( cont 'd ) well . thanks for not murdering I , I guess . he nod . a beat . diamond you be welcome . bex okay , that be more like a cursory thank you , I be just be polite . diamond I be sorry -- bex it 's okay , just , you should go now . diamond walk off into the night . lily I mean ... ( with a wink ) --. not all man . 143 ext . wood - moment later 143 lily jog into she periscope account . she have over forty thousand follower . lily ( to bex ) hold that flashlight on I . bex pick up the flashlight , shine it on lily 's face . lily ( cont 'd ) a little higher and to the right . em can I just - em run she finger through lily 's hair . adjust a few flyaway . clean up she mascara . take a step back , look , step back in . move she shirt , expose lily 's bra a little . em ( cont 'd ) sorry . I will stop . it be just drive I crazy . lily how do I look ? sarah hard as fuck and sexy as hell . bex definitely . + + Fe hk + 144 122. lily ( smile ) I do not know what I have do without you guy . em pussy over everything . all pussy over everything . all four tap they heart , blow a kiss to the sky - CUT to : close on : lily ( a live stream shot by em ) 144 a spotlight on the face of lily . she look batter and bloody but unbow . handguns line the waistband of she skirt . lily my name be lily colson . I be eighteen year old . and I do not know if I and my friend will live through the night ... point to bex ) that 's bex . she 's seventeen . I have know she my whole life and I love she to deat she 's teach I more about courage than anyone I have ever meet . ( to Sarah ) come here . Sarah join bex and lily as they huddle together - lily ( cont ’d ) this be Sarah . she 's eighteen . I meet she in first grade when Mike saunder push I into the coat rack and I split my chin -- sarah yo , fuck that dude ! lily yeah , she beat the shit outta he . and if you be listen right now , Mark saunder , fuck you ... lily grab em . lily ( cont 'd ) and this be em , we baby girl . she 's sixteen . she 's the smartest person I know and you should all read she fic cause she 's a unreal writer - em kim-jong-uh-huh.tumblr.com ! 123. sarah that 's the stupidest fuck name . em I be twelve , shut up ! lily take the camera from em and point it at herself ... lily and this town want to kill we all . beat ) and they can say it 's because they think I be behind it all . or cause I be a homewrecker . or a whore . I be immoral . I deserve it . I have it come . ( beat ) well , guess what ... I do not hack anybody 's 's shit . I do not do it . and know who do . ( beat ) as far as be a homewrecker and a whore and amoral ? ( sigh ) sure . but it do not hold a fuck candle to you righteousness . that 's the real sickness here . we start to see various shot of masked townspeople coming from all direction and gathering outside of lily house . lily ( cont 'd ) righteousness and hypocrisy . | it 's the simple fact that you can not live by the rule you set , yet you still pretend . close on . the masked face of the mob as it grow and grow . lily ( cont 'd ) this be you world . you build it . if it 's too strict . tear it the fuck down . start over . but do not look at I ... do not take you hate out on I . I just get here . various shot : through the window of house as we see the face of teenager in the soft gtow of they phone and computer as they watch lily 's live stream . lily ( cont 'd ) and I do not have a fuck clue where to go . because from the moment I arrive , all I be ever give be order ... we CUT closer and faster from to face to face , of all the teenage girl in salem watch lily 's speech . lily ( cont 'd ) smile . open up . Cross you leg , spread you pussy . speak softer . scream louder . be quiet . be confident . be interesting . ( more ) 145 146 124 . lily ( cont 'd ) stop be so difficult . be strong . t do not fig ! back . be a angel . be a whore . be a princess ... be anything ou want to be ... even the resident of the United States of America . just kid . back to lily . stand in front of the camera . lily ( cont 'd ) fuck you . I be no longer listen . you still wanna kill I . rape I . stab I . shoot I . then let 's go . rally you fuck crew . get you gun and hide behind you mask . you want to do this in real life now ? go ahead . give it you best shot . Cause you have prepare I my whole life for this ... ( beat ) you may kill I but you can not kill we all . ext . salem street - night 145 gangsta by kat dahlia play . as camera boom up on lily , em , sarah and bex as they walk through the suburban street of salem , carry they weapon and ready for war . in the window of the house they pass we see the face of young girl , watch our girl head toward the mob unafraid . suddenly , a fourteen year old girl open she front door and run across she lawn to join they . and then from the other side of the street , a sixteen year old girl run out to join . and then a nineteen year old . until it feel like every girl in salem be join they . and then a teenage boy . and another . and another . until lily , em , sarah and bex be leading there own mob . in the distance they can see the masked mob gather outside of lily 's house . they grab each other hand and hold they tightly . as they come face to face with the masked mob , we see stand behind they a mob of almost equal size . from above : a wandering spotlight from a FBI helicopter 146 it search through the desolate street of salem until it land on lily house . and the standoff between the two mob . 147 148 125 . loudspeaker this be the FBI . all civilian must immediately disperse or will be subject to arrest . riot police begin to pull up in car . the spotlight from the chopper dance over the girl . lily , bex , Sarah and em look at each other . they hold they weapon tightly as we hear roar of violence from the oppose mob . from behind , we see our four girl cast in a halo of light . fade to black . int . FBI office - day 147 lily 's parent , lawrence and rebecca sit in the office . FBI agent leoung you_have to understand , the charge include cyberterrorism , murder , invasion of privacy . a life sentence be a absolute certainty . lawrence and Rebecca nod , shake . FBI agent leoung ( cont ’d ) we can take you into the room now . they be lead into a interview room ... int . interview room - continuous 148 from behind the two way glass , we see lawrence and rebecca in absolute anguish as they talk to they son , donny . lawrence I do not understand . why would you do this ? people 's life be ruin . people lose they life . we family be destroy . you sister be almost kill , why would you do something like this ? as the camera push in on donny'a face . his expression blank , unreadable . he shrug . donny I do not know ... for the lulz . CUT to black . + +