assassins written by Larry and Andy wachowski August 12 , 1994 fade in : perfect square of black we know that we be look at something because its polished surface shimmer with light . pulling back , other square be reveal ; the black and white tile of a chess board . the board rise and spin , slip beneath we we find ourselves moving across the board , moving through a chess game . the piece be everywhere , check and cover other piece . it have reach that critical moment when piece be trade and the board begin to clear as two strategy unravel towards a final outcome . stand above the piece around he , we see the black king . we move closer toward he face , closer to he chisele ebony feature , closer until we be stare into he cold black eye ... dissolve to : ext . marsh - sunglass - dusk the red set sun be reflect in the black lens . two man be tromping through the calf - deep mud of a end - less marsh . it be fall , the first frost not far away and the foliage be brown and bare . with the red-orange ball of fire melting into the horizon , the two man at first appear as only silhouettes or shadow slogging through the mire . the man with the sunglass walk behind the other man . he be very well - dress in a dark suit . a .22 caliber gun , fitte with a long silencer , dangle from he hand . his name be ROBERT rath . the other man be willie ketcham . he be also wear a very expensive suit though it be be destroy by the bramble and mud . as he lift he foot he gucci shoe be suck off by the mud . ketcham aw -shit ! he balance on one leg , hold he silk - sock foot in the air . he look at the shoe , already fill with mud . he look at rath . ketcham how much farther ? rath just a little way . up to that tree . about a half mile further into the thicken marsh there be a small cluster of tree . ketcham oh , fuck it . he pull he sock off and plunge he foot into the mud . he smile . it feel good . he hurl the sock . lift he other foot he pull he shoe off and hurl that . he grab for the other sock , struggle to get it off , laugh at himself as he slip and fall into the mud . rath wait , a faint smile . he manage to get the sock off and then stand digging both foot into the dark , wet earth . ketcham hey , this feel kinda good . they move on , ketcham almost play , sink he foot deep pull they out to make a splurching , sucking noise . ketcham hey , do you mind if I talk a little ? I feel like , I do not know , talk I guess . rath sure . ketcham funny , I have never be a talker . my wife be always get on I about that . ' say what you feel , tell I what 's bother you , you have get to talk to I . ' I never would though . not really . rath why not ? ketcham I do not know . part of I want to but part of I always say , ' what 's she go to be able to do ? ' I do not know . maybe I do not trust she . he pick up a handful of mud and begin shaping it like a snowball . ketcham my Margaret ... I love she but you know what ? I cheat on she . all the time . I do not even know why . it be not the sex , Margaret be great in bed . I think if I be not marry I would not have even look at some of that woman . I know she could not trust I , so how could I trust she ? if she be here right now I would think that I would tell she that I be sorry ... ' course , if she be here right now , maybe I would not feel like talk . he throw the mud ball at the grove of tree but they be too far . ketcham I think I have hear of you . rath it 's possible . ketcham you be pretty famous be not you ? rath I hope not . ketcham I know this may seem like a strange question , but can I ask you how much the contract be for -- not to insult you or anything , I know you be a professional , but just for I , I be just wonder . rath it 's a common question . ketcham oh yeah ? I guess we still need to see that price tag . like art , right ? you hang some painting that look like baby - puke in you live room only if it cost a bundle . rath a dime . ketcham one hundred thousand ? that 's it ? Jesus ... be that a lot ? rath average . ketcham shit ... oh well . ketcham laugh . ketcham I have be think about this for a long while . I know this day be come . I know someday someone would make the call on I . I never think about anyone that I have whacked . what do you call it anyway ? rath taken . ketcham ' taken . ' that 's nice . when I have someone take I would call we General contractor , transfer the money and as soon as I hang up the phone I forget about they . rath everyone who play the game know the rule . ketcham that 's exactly what I tell myself . ketcham laugh again . he be get kind of giggly , like he 's high . ketcham I always wonder what I would be think at this exact moment . I imagine that I would be think about the fucker who contract this , try to figure out who it be ... something occur to he and he look back at rath . rath do not know . that 's how it work . ketcham that 's what we General contractor tell we but how can you trust someone like that ? rath right . ketcham I think that I would be think about Margaret , or work , or that I would be have this deep , profound and depress thought but I be not . I be try to think really profound thought , but I can not . it seem very funny to I . rath what be you think about ? ketcham I be think about moonpy . ai not that funny ? I have not have a moonpie since I be ten year old . right now , I be think how much I would love one . rath and a r.c. he 's ' laugh ' and rath laugh with he . ketcham suddenly stop laugh . they be nearly to the cluster of tree . ketcham can I ask you something ? rath go ahead . ketcham what do other guy do ? he look at the tree , he voice die in the wind . rath everyone handle it differently . some be ready , some be not . ketcham do they get down on they knee , begging and cry ? rath some . ketcham when I think about this , that be always there , in the back of my head , that image of I on my knee , cry . it would not go away and it would really upset I . it be something that I could never get away from ... but now , I feel it 's okay . I feel good . rath can I ask you a question ? ketcham anything . rath why do not you fade ? ketcham you mean quit ? rath yeah . ketcham I use to think about it . I have Margaret . she want kid . I think about move somewhere far away like , Europe . I could see all of that , the first part , the get away but I could not see that next part . ' then what ? ' so I would stop think about it and go back to work . you understand ? rath yeah . ketcham smile and look around at the grove of birch tree . ketcham I always picture that I would end in some land fill , under someone else 's garbage . I keep picture that plastic diaper fill with some baby 's green shit , cover I . but this be nice ... he look at the sun , bloody red seeping into the black horizon . ketcham look at that . I have not watch the sun set in a million year . do you mind ? rath no . ketcham stare at the last of the light . ketcham Nice ... real nice . with he face hide from rath he begin to cry . rath watch ketcham stare at the set sun . rath look down at the gun limply hold in he hand . when the sun be go , a red glow at the bottom of a dark - ening sky , we hear the gun , silenced , once , then the body falling into the mud . after a beat we hear two more shot . ketcham be lie face down , already sink into the mud , a red cloud mushroom around he head like the red haze leave by the die sun . rath breathes in deep and let the air out slowly , stand - ing alone in the middle of nowhere . int . HOTEL suite - night the room be dark and still . a man be stand at a wall of window that glow from the amber wash of urban light . snow be fall , heavy white flake glitter in the city 's electric night . the man finish he bourbon , ice clinking in the empty glass . he be slightly drunk and he sway forward until he forehead rest against the window . in the dim light , we recognize the man as rath . outside there be a beautiful stone church decorate for Christmas . he watch the snowflake drift to the distant street below . he be wonder what it would feel like to let himself fall , when there be a knock at the door . cross the room , he open the door . backlit by the bright hallway light be a woman . she have already remove she coat and though she be only a silhouette we can see that she dress be very short and very tight . escort ( woman ) hi. do you call -- rath yes . please come in . her high heel tap against the tile foyer as she enter and he take she coat . escort goodness , it 's so dark ... she reach for the wall switch but he stop she . rath I prefer it like this . escort how can a beautiful man like you be shy ? he smile . rath I prefer it , that 's all . she move closer to he , the sexual confidence of she body radiating like heat . escort it 's okay , honey . we can do it anyway you want . rath be obviously uncomfortable . rath would you like a drink ? escort I would love one . whatever you be have . they move into the room , from a distance , as featureless as two shadow . she stand at the window watch the snow - bubble of a city night . escort beautiful . he hand she the drink . her smile be bright and perfect . escort good will towards man . they glass clink as he drain half he drink . if she drink at all , we can not tell . rath why be you work today ? escort holiday be we busy day . no one like to be alone on holiday . I know I do not . she touch he face , the caress and she expression of tenderness seemingly genuine . rath you be very good at this be not you ? escort I think you be suppose to answer that question . her hand slide down he chest , but before it go any farther rath turn away , return to the bar . rath I know what you expect , but I do not want ... he pour himself another drink . escort that 's okay , hon , I always expect the unexpected . rath I call because I just want ... I need to talk . she sit on the couch , she body language change , as she become a listener . rath I have be think about my life , about thing I have do ... what I do for a live be in some way similiar to what you do . he sit on the other end of the couch , he word thicken by the alcohol . rath I know that everything have a price . I want you to understand that I be willing to pay . he take out a envelope and put it between they . she pick it up , glance inside at a stack of hundred dollar bill . escort for what ? rath honesty . she put the envelope down . rath I just want to ask you some question . uncomfortable , she wait as he search he drink for the right word . rath do you ever regret thing you have do ? escort everyone regret something . rath but when you finlsh a job , afterwards do you think about they ? escort sometimes . rath do you think about they wife or they family ? escort no . they call I , I do not call they . if they do not call I would not exist . rath nod . his next question be barely audible . rath do you ever think about start over ? escort all the time . rath can you tell I about it ? for the first time we really see she take a drink . she close she eye . escort sometimes I dream that I meet a man , this good , honest man and we fall in love . I imagine we live on a boat , read book , sailing to place where no one know who we be or care what we do . she open she eye and look at he . rath and what if you never meet that man ? she smile . escort then , I will sail alone . rath do you believe that ? escort be you ask I if I believe in another life ? rath nod . escort I have to . she finish she drink . escort be that all you want ? rath yes . she pick up the money and stand . rath thank you . escort anytime . int . HOTEL suite - night it be the same room but now it be very cluttere , room service trays and empty liquor bottle toss about . he have be here for a while . he be sit at the table , stare intensely at a chess game ; we see the board and all of the piece set in the same position as in the open sequence . he rub at the whisker that have darken he face and then finish off another bottle of bourbon . he fling the empty bottle across the room as he reach over the board and move one of white knight , take a black rook . a sequence begin , obvious , and he work through it move both the black and white piece . suddenly he stop . he get up and shift to the other side of the board , study the game from white 's perspective . another sequence emerge and he trade the piece through it as he move around the table , return to he place behind the black king . the game reach its end as black be check -mate . he slump down onto the table and look across at the white king . rath fuck you , Nick . int . HOTEL suite - dawn rath be at a desk where he have set up he computer office ; a cellular phone be plugge into a modem with cable wind through a scrambler and then into a fax machine and the latest high - power lap - top computer . on the table near the desk , we see the .22 , dismantle and clean , spread out on a white towel . he type in a complicated access code sequence , then wait , stare at the blank screen . contractor /screen where have you be , Robert ? rath / screen sick . the flu . contractor /screen I do not believe you . rath I do not give a fuck -- rath / screen it 's true . contractor /screen I have be sit on a contract from Cleveland for six day because of you . rath fuck you , fuck Cleveland , and fuck you contract -- rath / screen I need a rest . contractor / screen that 's impossible , Robert . you be at the top of you field . this be the best contract . to stop now would be self - destructive . he look away from the screen and see the chess game on the table . rath / screen send the file . I will have the estimate tonight . contractor /screen I be worried about you , Robert . rath you fuck should be -- rath / screen do not be . on the screen the word " transmit " appear . rath slowly get out of he chair . the fax machine click and hux to life as a photograph of a smile , old italian man curl onto the desk . rath begin destroy the hotel room , smash anything he can get he hand on . int . HOTEL suite - day rath be in the middle of the room which he have demolish . have shower and shave , he be now stand naked , in the midst of the rubble , practice the slow and graceful art of tai chi . int . HOTEL suite - night rath be work at the desk . he be tally number , material , total he estimate . spread out over the table be several fax photo of the old italian , leevio valli , usually surround by bodyguard . the file detail valli 's life and he daily routine . it include : phone bill , credit card and bank account statement , driver license and vehicle registration , the real estate list of he house and even a copy of he income tax return . satisfied with he figure , rath plug the phone into the modem and make a call . the network come on - line as the General contractor type : contractor /screen you be too late , Robert . rath type . rath / screen what ? contractor /screen the contract be steal . rath stare at the screen . rath / screen who ? contractor /screen a new player . he 's use the name nicholai . the name hit rath and he sit , unable to breathe . contractor /screen you know what must be do . the screen go black as the network shut down . rath look down at the pile of assemble fact . he lift a credit card bill on which the name of a restaurant appear every Friday . the name of the restaurant have be circle in red pen by rath : " trattoria roma . " ext . trattoria roma - night a red awning span the entrance of a popular italian restaurant . int . trattoria roma it be a large establishment with many table and booth . the dinner crowd be a mix of yuppy and older italian family who have be eat here for year . rath be sit alone at a booth . with very subtle change to he appearance , he look like a older italian . in front of he be a glass and a carafe of dark red wine . he touch neither of they . his eye shift as he study the room . leevio valli push into the restaurant surround by five gorilla in italian suit . the owner hurry to greet they , hugging , kissing , speak only italian . the entourage move through the restaurant to the over - size booth in the back . rath do not look twice at they . immediately he be watch everyone else , look for the other assassin . leevio slide into the booth as he goons stand and sit around the table , obscure he from all part of the room . a wine steward immediately bring a bottle of red wine and fill they glass . a pretty waitress set a steaming loaf of garlic bread out and a giant bowl of minestrone in front of leevio . he tell she something and she giggle . they joke in italian , watch she ass as she wiggle back to the kitchen . at leevio 's table the wine steward return to fill they glass . it be the goon stand against the wall that be the first to realize that it be not the same wine steward . he be the second assassin , much young than rath . his name be bain . he smile . the goon reach for he gun as -- bain shatter the bottle of wine into he face . he scream . leevio cough a spray of minestrone , as a gun flash free from the white linen towel hang over the steward 's arm . it happen instantly . four shot and the goons be dead . leevio scream . leevio do not ! a fifth , sixth and seventh shot . leevio 's body fall forward and softly thud on the table . bain whip around draw a small semi - automatic weapon from he belt expect a attack . facing the scream crowd , he begin to shoot anyone who move or stand , man or woman . there be chaos in the restaurant . people scream , fall to the ground , scramble under table . bain be sweat , he eye shifting wildly from one end of the room to the other . the restaurant fall quiet except for several people who be sobbing . he move through the room , watch , search . bain do not anybody move . you move , you be dead . he pass the table rath be sit at , but it be empty . bain come on , you chicken shit motherfucker . I know you be here . let 's go . ext . concrete parking garage across the street from trattoria roma , rath jack together a german assault rifle with night scope . int . trattoria roma bain look out the window at the dark street . he turn and search through the people huddle on the floor . he aim he gun . bain you ! get up ! a quivering wine steward stand . he point to another . bain you , too ! up ! ext . parking garage through the night scope we see the front door to the restaurant open and a group of wine steward clump together slowly back out . int . trattoria roma bain be second from the end , both gun aim at the steward . one of they begin to cry . bain not yet . do not move or you be fuck dead . int . parking garage rath move the scope back and forth , unable to pick out the assassin . rath shit . just do they all . all of they . shit . he can not pull the trigger . ext . trattoria storefront the group move toward the street . bain now run ! like dog out of the gate , they bolt . int . parking garage rath watch as they scatter , find bain in he scope . ext . STREET a chunk of brick explode from the wall just behind bain 's head as he drop behind the row of park car along the curb . he laugh . we get the idea that bain be enjoy this . int . parking garage rath look over he scope , talk to himself . he be sweat . rath shit . what be you do , old man ? you be too fuck slow . he look back into the scope and begin scan the line of car . rath okay . which one ? which one be yours ? ext . CITY STREET bain be crawl alongside the tightly park car , stay low and out of sight . he work he way up to a black mercede that be park illegally next to a fire hydrant and take out he key . he hit the remote unlock the door . int . parking garage rath find the fire hydrant in he scope , almost obscure by the park mercede . rath amateur . he take aim . ext . CITY STREET just as bain start to open the door , the front tire explode . another second , the back tire explode . bain fuck ! int . parking garage rath wait , steely calm , he finger on the trigger . rath you move . ext . CITY STREET bain hear the grow wail of police siren . think for a moment , he open the car door and pull a long handle switchblade and a roll of electrician 's tape from the glove compartment . int . parking garage rath see the car light go on , but can not make out what bain be do . the siren be getting louder . there 's a lot of they . ext . CITY STREET bain finish taping the knife to he forearm and roll he shirt sleeve down . from he pocket he take out a gameboy and begin play " tetris . " int . parking garage rath watch as the police car come racing down the street . ext . CITY STREET the car screech to a halt in front of the restaurant . the cop jump out , draw they weapon . bain throw he gun down , raise he hand in the air . bain do not shoot ! do not shoot ! I give up ! more car come screeching up as the two officer hold they bead on bain . cop hit the ground ! face down ! spread you leg ! bain follow the order as the second cop edge up to he , frisk he . in this position the cop be unable to find the knife strapped to bain 's forearm , but find the gameboy . bain hey , do not touch that ! cop shut up ! the cop twist bain 's arm behind he back , handcuff he tightly . they drag he to he foot , a swarm of police and paramedics in the street . int . parking garage rath hold they in he cross hair as they move to the police car , but be unable to get a clean shot . bain be use the cop for cover , keep he head low . rath Son of a bitch . the cop shove bain into the back seat . rath very quickly walk to he car , toss he gun into the trunk . he get in and start the engine . int . patrol car the two officer be outside the car talk with the sergeant . bain , lay low beneath the window , peek up at the shadowy parking garage . he smile . the two policeman get in the car , the second pick up the radio . the driver gun the engine and the black and white rumble down the street . cop # 2 this be 181 , return with suspect involved in multiple shoot at trattoria roma . repeat , en route with suspect . he hang up the radio and look back at bain through the metal caging . cop # 2 Jesus Christ , do you know who you shot in there ? bain almost laugh . cop # 2 what be you ? some kind of a hitman ? bain look out the window . cop # 2 you know what we call guy like you ? bain look at he . cop # 2 sizzle lean . they be gonna fry you ass . he laugh at he own joke , look at he partner , who chuckle . ext . CITY STREET rath 's car race down the street try to catch up with the patrol car . int . patrol car bain stare out the window , silent . behind he back , he take hold of he leave thumb with he right hand . the cop be play with the gameboy . with a quick jerk , he yank the thumb out of its socket . his expression remain perfectly blank . the thumb hang unnaturally from the hand . the skin stretch strangely as he pull the metal cuff from he wrist . the cop turn as the switchblade click and bain stick the knife through the wire mesh , into the cop 's eye . a font of blood arc onto the windshield . grabbing hold of the driver 's shirt collar , bain jab the blade into the back of he neck . the driver scream try to pull free of bain 's grip . he slam on the brake , grop for he gun and the car skid out of control . bain stab the cop again , he gun firing wildly as -- the patrol car start to flip and roll . int . rath' car rath turn as he hear a explosion , several block away . the tire squeal as he make a hard right . ext . STREET Orange flame lick up from the belly of the overturn patrol car . oil black cloud billow into the night sky . rath 's car cruise past . rath see the back seat window shattered , kick out . bain be go . rath I be not do yet . ext . CITY STREET intersection a brand new cab be sit at a red light . the cabby look into the rearview mirror , as a pair of headlight roll up behind he . the car get closer , the light brighter ; they do not stop . he shriek as the car smashes into he , tearing off he bumper . the cabby jump out , rattling off a string of obscenity . rath get out of the white car , start to apologize , as the cabby move toward he . when he 's close enough , rath deck he , knock he unconscious . he pick he up and put he in the white car . rath then get in the cab and when the light change to green , he drive off . int . cab rath circle the area , turn up the cab 's cb . a couple of call crackle through the speaker , before he hear what he 's wait for ; a airport fare in this area . at the intersection of Adams and nine . he pick up the mike . rath this be 1242 . I get it . ext . adam and nine it be a desert intersection . the building be dark and some of the street light be out . the cab sit by itself , engine running , its taillight glow through the exhaust . int . cab rath hold he gun cocked beneath he coat . his other hand grip the door handle . as he wait , watch the intersection , he notice the cabby 's id pin to the dashboard . leave the gun in he jacket , he reach for the id card . he rip it from the dash and as he drop it under the seat , the door behind he open . someone get in and close the door . rath peer into the rearview mirror . it be bain . for the first time we realize that the front and back of the cab be separate by a inch of bullet proof glass . there be a awkward silence as rath sit , unsure . bain look at he . bain be there a problem ? rath no . no problem . the airport , right ? bain right . the cab pull out of the intersection . int . cab rath study bain . there be a thin line of blood down he temple . bain be oblivious to it and pull out he gameboy , resume he game of tetris . rath how would you cut yourself ? they voice be distort through the small electric amplifier set in the bullet proof glass near the metal money exchanger . bain touch the blood on he forehead , look at it a bit surprised . bain oh? work . a little accident . he wipe it off as best he can . rath you a waiter ? you look like a waiter . bain be uninterested . bain yeah . yeah , I be a waiter . rath where ? bain what ? rath what restaurant ? bain uh , fontella 's rath so you be from around here ? bain no . no I be not . bain be get agitate . rath where you from ? bain what be this ? rath not too good at small talk , eh ? bain look , I be real tired and I be not interested in fuck chit-chat . rath I know just what you mean . I be pretty beat myself . silence . rath since you look like a waiter , I have to ask what restaurant because of what happen at the trattoria roma . bain look up . bain why ? what happen ? rath do not you here all they siren ? it 's be all over the radio . some guy shot leevio valli , and a bunch of bystander , in the trattoria roma . bain no shit . rath yeah , it 's terrible . I mean valli , and I do not care what office he 's run for , the guy 's a crook . he probably have it come , but all the other people . Real sad . bain yeah . rath but they catch the guy . I hear it all . sounded like he just go berserk , fuck loco . shoot anybody . drug , probably . bain probably . rath I would love to sit in that jury . send that s.o.b. right to the chair . bain allow himself a bemuse smile . bain sizzle lean . the cab pass the intersection for the airport . bain sit up . bain what be you do ? rath what ? bain that be Peterson back there . that go to the expressway for the airport . rath you be right . talk too much again . bain yeah well , you just blow you tip , pal . rath what ? you think I be run you up ? bain just do you job . rath pull over and slap the cab in park . bain what be you do ? rath get out . you think I be run you up ? get out . bain you can not -- rath the hell I can not . it 's my cab . I do not like you . so , get the hell out ! bain can not figure out what be wrong , when he see the dashboard and the miss id . they eye meet in the rearview mirror . bain Holy fuck shit ! the cab rock as both man move . instantly gun fill they hand . bain rip out a .357 lift from one of the dead cop . rath roll to the side whipping the gun free from he jacket . bain throw open the door , about to run , but stop . he look at rath . he want he to run . anyone who move away from the bullet proof glass be dead . both man be silent , each hold the other in they gun sight . bain blink , sweat form on he lip . bain I get out , you get I . bain reach over and close the door . he smile know it be the right move . bain now what ? rath calmly uncock he gun . rath we be both go to the airport . bain nod . rath sit back . put you seatbelt on . bain no fuck way . rath okay , do not . bain think . rath if either of we fuck around , the other can blow the fuel line . he point he gun at the floor where the fuel line run . bain sit back , aim he gun , watch rath . rath ease back into the driver 's seat , also hold he gun on the fuel line . he put the car into drive and slide back into traffic , turn back towards Peterson . they sit in silence , study each other , when they hit the expressway . bain can not contain himself , giddy on adrenaline . bain Jesus -- I be be drive to the airport by Robert rath . he laugh . bain I can not believe this . you roll some cabby for the radio , then wait for a airport fare . he laugh again . bain Boy , that 's fuck genius . you be a fuck genius . then you be just sit there , bullshit with I . man , no way I coulda do that ! rath what 's you name ? we both know it 's not nicholai . bain Holy shit ! Robert rath want to know my name . he lean back . this be a big moment for he . bain bain . Michael bain . rath how long have you be freelance ? bain two year . two long fuck year . something occur to he and he lean close to the window . bain hey . what I do not get be why do not you take the shot inside the restaurant ? I mean you have I , a free shot . that 's what I would have do . rath it 's just a shoot - out then . sixty - forty , at best . not my odd . bain sound like chickenshit -- he laugh hard . bain listen to I call you chickenshit ! he stop laugh and look closely at the back of rath 's head . bain be that a wig ? shit , I hate wig ! wig be the worst part of this job . I would rather dye my hair than wear a wig . rath study he . rath you be wear a wig now . bain choke on he laugh . bain God damn be you good . everyone say you be so fuck good . I just can not believe I be still alive . if I believe in God , I would be down on my knee . right now -- hey , how come you just do not plug we all when we come through the door ? rath do not answer . bain smile . he know something about rath now ; he do not like kill innocent people . bain shit if I be you , back there -- he hold he gun up to the bulletproof glass behind rath 's head . bain game over . he laugh . bain do you mind if I ask you a couple of business question ? you know I be wonder how much you bid this job at ? rath say nothing . bain you do not have to tell I that . it 's just , I know my bid be low , but be it too low ? I mean , do I seem like a amateur , like I do not know what I be do ? rath we both know what you be do . bain move close to the glass again , check out rath 's gun . bain Smith and wesson .22 with a eight inch silencer . classic . when I first hear you use that , I think , shit , that 's a lady 's gun . now , it 's all I use . clean , real clean . he look at the gun , still train at the floor . bain would you really blow we ? rath do not have to answer . bain oh ! I get a question . Jesus , this have be drive I crazy for year -- shit , listen to I . I sound like some fuck fanboy . I be sorry , but I just get to ask you . everybody talk about how you leave the Agency and get into the business and then how you go after the Russian , nicholai talinkov -- rath tachlinkov . bain yeah , that 's it . and he 's like a fuck genius . they say he shade you over and over . and in the end , he ace you again . shade and fade . they say he 's live on some Greek island , but I say that 's fuck bullshit . I say you be the best and that you plant he ass . be I right ? rath say nothing . bain I bet I be right . the car pass under a sign indicate the ramp for the Cleveland airport . bain Robert bain , drive I ! Jesus fuck Christ ! rath after that cop , you will never be able to come back to Cleveland . bain who the fuck care about Cleveland . Cleveland blow . what kind of mark have they get here ? greasy mobster , teamster or some hand job politician . I want the money mark . I want the mark that you get . a long beat of silence . the cab rumble up onto the " departure " ramp which circle past all of the terminal . bain so what happen now ? rath we go around once . bain bullshit . he throw off he seatbelt . bain you tell I that we be gonna go around once , then , while I be check out the lay of the land , you bail out and send I fly over the bridge . right ? be I right ? rath do not answer , study the terminal , note the police and airport security . rath study the terrain . bain study rath . soon they have pass the entire airport . rath nod . steering the car through traffic in onto a circle interchange that will bring they to the beginning . bain wipe the sweat from he face . rath okay . bain what ? what 's okay ? rath begin to accelerate , round the interchange . bain what be you do ? rath there 's a sand barricade up ahead ; I be go to ram this cab into it . the cab have a airbag , odd be good I will survive . but with this steel case and bullet proof glass , odd for you be not so good . bain laugh . bain oh man , that 's sweet . that 's fuck sweet . the speedometer continue to climb . bain you be bluff . rath say nothing . ahead , at the ramp to the terminal , be the sand barricade . bain you be fuck with I . you want I to jump . I jump , you hit the brake and bang -- game over . the cab be fly at its target . bain no , no . wait . you do not want I to jump . you be go to jump . I be stick back here until it 's too late . wham -- over ! rath I know you be go to jump . bain look at he and then at the barricade . rath you be still young . Young enough to still think you be indestructible . invincible . you believe with utter certainty you can bail out at the last second and survive . the barricade hurtle toward they , rise up , fill the windshield . rath if you do survive , we will see each other again . bain scream , throw open the door and hurl himself out . rath jam on the brake , tire scream , steering into the steel side rail , banking the car into the drum of sand as -- bain hit the pavement , bounce like a stone skip across water . a driver hit he brake , swerving , just miss he . sand explode from the impact and the cab bounce up over the median into the bus-only lane as the driver 's airbag balloon out of the steering wheel . bain roll and roll , finally stop sprawle out like a piece of roadkill . the cab careen up onto a curb , slamm into a pole , the radiator spitting out a cloud of whistling steam . several car lock up and collide to avoid bain ; one car stop inch from he . a woman jump out , rush to the front of the car , but bain be go . Police car roar up into the midst of the accident . one of they pull alongside the demolish cab . the door be open , the airbag pop . rath be go . ext . apartment build - day a large six flat lean out from a hill in San Francisco . int . electra's apartment - day the apartment be always dark ; heavy drape cover the window . the dining and live room look like the control booth of a network television show , stack of video monitor and console , cable , electric wiring , coil of fiber optic cord duct - tape to the floor , wall and ceiling . they snake through hole punch in the plaster wall and hang everywhere like some technological jungle . at the center of this tangle web be electra , a beautiful athletic look woman wear only she underwear and a wear robe . she be curl up in a overstuff chair , a bowl of popcorn in she lap . on the monitor , she be watch what at first might be mistaken for a soap opera ; a young couple be have a argument . what be strange be that the angle never change ; a fish - eye lens stare down into the room . man ( v.o. ) I do not give a shit what you mother think . I be not sleep with you mother , I be sleep with you . woman ( v.o. ) you will not be for long , with that attitude . man ( v.o. ) Jesus , Jennifer , if you be so god damned worried about you mother 's approval , why do not you move back home so she can pat you on the head when you do something right . electra jerk . Jennifer be too stunne to say anything . there be a long pause that be not at all like television . it seem very real . she start to say something , but stop , try to keep herself from cry . man ( v.o. ) oh good . go ahead and cry . jennifer ( woman ) ( v.o. ) would you please leave ? electra lift she head , smell the air . electra mmm , smell that , nikita ? nikita , electra 's black cat , be stretch lazily across the top of a chair , she tail twitching absently . every corner of the chair have be claw open . electra reach for the control board and throw a series of switch . the monitor flicker as the image change . we be now look down into a kitchen . a stove be beneath we , almost like a cooking show , where a round woman be take out a tray of chocolate chip cookie . electra smell they again , smile as she inhale . electra I hope she save some for we . there be a bang , a door slamming in another apartment , and a man yelling . electra switch back to Jennifer 's apartment . the man be still in the live room , but Jennifer be go . man ( v.o. ) do you think slamm door be go to help work this out ? electra punch a command into a keyboard . several of the screen change , show different room of the same apartment . Jennifer be in the bedroom , lie on the bed sobbing , she face bury in a pillow . man ( v.o. ) I can slam door too ! we hear the front door slam in the hall outside of electra 's apartment and through the monitor speaker . his stomping footstep fade as he storm down the hall and staircase out of the building . electra switch all of the screen to Jennifer . she watch and listen to she cry alone in she bedroom . electra reach out ; she finger lightly touch the monitor screen . int . apartment hall electra 's front door open slowly . timidly , she step out of she apartment and walk down the hall until she be stand in front of Jennifer 's door . she start to knock , but stop herself . she be not sure she should do this . she pace , then turn to the door . she knock , so softly it 's almost impossible to hear . she stand , try to force herself to knock again , when she hear Jennifer . jennifer ( o.s. ) hello ? Ken , be that you ? electra panic . the door knob turn , the door open and jennifer look out into the hall . it be empty . int . electra's apartment on the monitor , electra watch Jennifer pick up the phone . jennifer ( v.o. ) hi , Mom , it 's I . Ken and I just have a big fight . electra 's pager suddenly sound . she shut down the screen and pull out the pager , check the number . electra crap . int . electra's apartment there be a system set up that be not unlike rath 's system ; all of the same component , though the equipment be bigger , more powerful and less portable . on a table there be a bank of phone , several cellular . electra be talk on one . woman ( v.o. ) electra , they be not pay you to sit at home and watch television . electra be fiddling with five plastic computer disk ; each have a microcell trademark and be label " back - up . " electra I be not watch television . woman ( v.o. ) the point be , they be pay for information . Real information . not tooth paste brand . not whether he wad of fold he toilet paper . and no 16 hour of record phone sex . you be waste everyone 's time with this shit . electra I think it be interesting -- woman ( v.o. ) God damnit , electra . this be not a game . this be business . electra right . in my hand I have five back - up disk he make of all of he work last night . woman ( v.o. ) Jesus ! why do not you tell I ? electra I will make my usual arrangement and expect my usual bonus . woman ( v.o. ) electra -- electra a pleasure do business with you . she hang up . int . lobby electra come down the stair . outside the large glass door she see ken , Jennifer 's boyfriend , leave . on the lobby floor be a letter , apparently slip under the door , address to Jennifer Morgan . electra look out the front door window , make sure that Ken be go . she pick up the letter and stuff it into she pocket . int . HOTEL suite - night rath be at he computer system . he be stare at it , like it be a live thing , a person that he despise , the blank screen reflect he own face . it be a effort to bring himself to touch the keyboard , to type in he code . he wait . contractor / screen hello , Robert . rath want to type something but hesitates . contractor /screen I know what happen . rath I bet you fuck know ! contractor /screen it cost we . rath jump out of he chair , scream at the screen . rath I give a fuck ? I be do ! I quit ! do you fuck hear I ! I be fuck go ! contractor /screen he steal another contract . rath turn from the monitor , pace . try to collect himself . rath I be be set up . Fucking set up ! he look at the chess board . he hover over it , the pattern completely familiar . rath be this how it go , Nick ? contractor / screen Robert ? Robert ? rath turn back to the screen , speak as he type . rath / screen how do he know ? contractor / screen know what ? rath / screen the fuck contract ! how in the fuck do he know . a long beat . contractor /screen such language in front of a lady . rath still talk and type . rath / screen I do not know what the fuck you be . contractor /screen I know . it be a joke . rath stand , no longer type . rath a joke ? a joke ? rath take out he gun and level it at the face of the screen . rath you think this be a fuck joke ? contractor / screen $ 1,000,000 . rath look at the number . contractor /screen that 's the bonus on the contract . rath put the gun down . rath / screen deadline ? contractor / screen tomorrow . the buyer be japanese . his retirement a condition of the bonus . the fax machine come to life , printing a inky image . rath / screen who be the mark ? contractor / screen freelancer . a woman . surveillance specialist . rath a player ? contractor /screen we have a m.o ... her system be protect by she ' pussy virus . ' rath look at the fax ; almost entirely black except for the wide , slit-iris cat eye . ext . san francisco airport - day there be a screech and blast of engine as a 747 touch down , heat rise off the tarmac . int . san francisco airport - day several passenger walk through the gate into the terminal . across from the gate , rath sit in a grungy airport cafeteria , read a fold paper . he be wear a airport security uniform , a gun holster to he side . tape inside the newspaper be a fax interpol photograph of a japanese man want for " industrial espionage . " at the gate , five japanese man emerge . lead the group be the man in rath 's photo . the other four be obviously muscle . rath watch as they walk down the crowded terminal hall . when they be almost out of sight , he fold he newspaper and begin to follow . his pace and manner be that of a cautious predator . his focus shift continually from face to face , expect to find bain' . his hand hover near he gun . ahead of he a thin young man , wear a long blue trench coat , stop . rath can not see he face . the man start toward a drink fountain . rath catch a glimpse of he face . it could be bain , but he be not sure . the young man bend over and slurp at the stream of water . he rise into the barrel of rath 's .22 . a mouthful of water cough from he mouth . it be not bain and in the next instant , the gun be go . rath sorry . my mistake . rath continue . they young man be unable to move . ext . san francisco airport - day the five man stride through the automated terminal door and towards a wait limousine . further down , rath , now wear a black T-shirt and jeans , exit and hail a cab . int . cab rath hi . up ahead my boss be in that black limo . we be not sure which hotel we be at , so could you just follow they ? cabby sure . rath sit back study the face exite the terminal as the cab pull away . int . limousine the five man sit in silence . strangely , a phone begin to ring . the older man , whose name be akira , open he briefcase , remove a cellular phone . akira hello ? we hear electra 's voice . she speak in japanese ; he use English . electra ( v.o. ) I trust you flight be comfortable ? akira you japanese be excellent . electra ( v.o. ) tell the driver : the Hyatt Hotel . int . HOTEL room - day electra be pace , talk into the cellular phone . electra I will call you again in twenty minute . she punch a button and shove the antennae down . the hotel room look like she apartment . there be a computer and a series of monitor stack on top of the wood laminate desk . cable whip and wind across the carpete floor to the central air duct . the panel have be remove and intertwined black and gray coaxial run up inside the duct . immediately , electra be busy finish she preparation . she snap in several power cord and the system come on - line . on the monitor screen , we see a empty hotel room that look exactly like the one she be in . int . cab rath stare out the window , watch the surround traffic , the limo still in sight . something occur to he and he look down at the fold newspaper where he have hide the contract file . he flip past several document before find what he 's look for ; the cat . he pull the dark fax of nikita and stare at it . int . HOTEL room laying on the bed , in a patch of sunlight , nikita watch electra rush about . electra grab the sheet from under the comforter and yank it out . electra Excuse I , you highness . nikita casually walk off the bed . electra take the sheet to the open duct and tear off a long piece of duct -tape . ext . hyatt HOTEL the limousine pull up in the lavish circular driveway . the cab pull in behind it . int . HOTEL room electra check she watch and pick up the cellular phone . int . hyatt lobby the japanese man stand in a cluster look very rigid and uncomfortable . the briefcase ring . int . HOTEL room electra be pace again . electra room 1414 . int . hyatt lobby with several other guest , the japanese man crowd into a elevator . the door close . across the lobby , rath enter , walk past the elevator . int . elevator as the elevator rise , we begin to hear a SOUND , a familiar sound . cramped in the corner be bain . he be playing " tetris , " wear dark sunglass and a walkman pumping speed metal into he ear . int . HOTEL room electra continue to pace , check the monitor . int . room service kitchen at the switchboard , a young HOTEL employee wear a operator 's headset , take a late breakfast order , type the order in the hotel computer . young man ( young HOTEL employee ) yes , sir . that will be up in about thirty minute . you be welcome . he turn around and rath be right behind he . int . elevator the fourteenth floor ; the bell chime , the door slide open and the clump of japanese man get out . just as the door begin to close , bain step out . int . hall bain follow they down the hall , still playing the game . there be again a ominous sense of predator move in on its prey . as akira find 1414 and open the door , another door burst open , a large family , head for the pool . the moment be go ; the japanese man close the door and bain continue down the hall again , playing the game . int . HOTEL suite when the japanese man enter the suite , we realize that this be the image on electra 's monitor . surveillance camcorder and microphone be mount in various location to display every inch of the room . the group hesitates for a moment , under the electronic eye . the four goons have they hand in they jacket . a small laptop computer sit on the coffee table humming softly . it be the only noise in the room until a speaker crackle . electra / speaker ( v.o. ) good morning , gentleman . I apologize for the arrangement , but we all know that be not business card you be reach for . if anyone leave this room , the deal 's off . int . room service kitchen the operator be unconscious , slump in the corner . rath study the hotel computer screen intently , the information roll by . we see that it be the previous night 's room service receipt . rath one vegetarian plate and a can of tuna fish . room 1014 . int . HOTEL room electra stand in front of the monitor watch the man as she speak into the microphone . electra ten thousand dollar per disk . insert the first disk now . on the monitor , we see akira at the coffee table shove the first disk into the laptop disk drive . int . HOTEL suite akira turn from the small computer screen and nod at a goon , who drop a green brick of bound one hundred dollar bill , down the central air duct . the little clock on the laptop tick away as it copy . int . hyatt hall bain be sit on a bench entrench in a fevere game of " tetris . " suddenly , he stop . bain yes ! the display of the game read " game over " and congratulate bain on a new high score . bain stand , smile . he put the game in he pocket and start down the hall . int . HOTEL room electra be crouch at the open duct , grab another stack of money , stuff it into she bag . a loud bang explode out of the speaker and she look up at the monitor . int . HOTEL suite the lock on the door have be break and stand in the frame be bain . bain surprise ! he raise he arm , he gun spitting silent bullet . int . HOTEL room electra stare in horror at the monitor as bain grab the nearest bodyguard , firing a shot into he belly . electra oh , God . int . HOTEL suite another shot and the second bodyguard fall . the other two draw they handgun and bain shield himself with the lifeless body of he first victim . they FIRE at bain but be unable to hit he . bain squeeze off two more shot and the two man fall dead . he let he human shield fall to the ground and level he gun on the shaking akira . akira do not kill I . bain look at he and smile , then fire . int . HOTEL room electra leap at the computer , rip the cord from the modem . bain see the fiber optic cable and look right into it . bain ( v.o. ) tricky . Boy , you just can not trust anyone this day . he lick the lens , leave a smear of saliva . she stuff the disk into she bag . she put nikita in she " travel kitty " and charge for the door , grab she coat . fling it over she shoulder , she do not notice the letter from Ken slip out of she pocket as she bolt from the room . int . hall electra explode through the door and suddenly freeze . she be stare down the barrel of rath 's .22 . rath do not be stupid and you will live . the elevator behind rath open and close against a hotel lobby ashtray . he wave she into the elevator with he gun . rath hurry . ext . hyatt HOTEL - day electra 's black car roar out of the garage , onto the open street . int . hyatt HOTEL - day the door swing open . from the hall we can hear the familiar beeping of the computer game . the room , 1014 , be the same as electra have leave it when she run out . jutting from a shadow on the floor be the corner of Ken 's letter . int . electra's car electra drive , obviously nervous , as rath watch out the rear window . rath turn here . no one follow . he turn back to she . rath how many body be there ? he check he watch . electra what ? rath he have to clean up . how many body be there ? electra um , five . rath one hour per man . rath set the timer on he watch for five hour . int . hyatt HOTEL room - day bain have return to room 1414 . wearing rubber glove , he click open a black leather attache and pull out a can of rug cleaner . he pick up the phone for room service . bain hi . this be room 1414 -- behind he , in the bathroom mirror , we see one of the japanese man hang from the shower by he foot . he be naked . bain yes , could you send up a pot of coffee and my friend be go to need some more towel . thanks . he hang up the phone and walk over to one of the large blood stain on the carpet . he point the rug cleaner at the stain cover it with white foam . int . electra's car rath see the entrance for the expressway . rath get on the expressway . electra where be we go ? rath glance back . rath nowhere yet . electra turn onto the highway and nikita howl from the " travel kitty " in the back seat . electra nikita , hush . nikita want out and howl again . electra she will not stop unless you let she out . rath reach back and open the box . nikita spring into the front seat onto rath 's lap . rath nikita ? she help I find you . electra what ? how do you know I have a cat ? rath take a guess . lucky for you , I guess right . electra who the fuck be you ? who do you work for ? rath I work for the government . electra yeah ? she study he face , he eye . electra bullshit . rath yeah . electra you be one of they , be not you ? a fuck pro . rath I be part of the game , just like you . electra pound the steering wheel . electra Jesus ! he reach into the back seat , grab she bag . electra what do you think you be do ? rath pluck out the bundle of money . rath twenty large ? that 's all ? electra what do you mean , ' that 's all ' ? what in the hell do you know ? rath the bonus on the contract for you be one million dollar . electra seem ready to jump out of she skin . the speedometer be float around 90 . rath slow down . he pull out the disk . rath I figure that mean this be worth ten time that , maybe more . electra ten million -- rath now you understand why I be here . electra want to scream . the speedometer be climb over 100 . rath I really think you should slow down . int . HOTEL suite - night the room be immaculate ; near the door , several over - size suitcase line the wall . bain be sit at the desk . his walkman be on , music blasting , as he flip casually through the telephone directory . his finger ease down a column stop at " Morgan Jennifer . " there be a knock at the door . he smile and tear out the page . there be another , louder knock which bain hear this time . he turn off the walkman and open the door ; a bellboy be wait with a luggage cart . bellboy hello , sir . have you some luggage you need carry . bain give he a wink and a smile . bain indeed I do . int . electra's car - night the red " low fuel " light be on . electra now what ? rath turn off the engine . electra twist the ignition and the car die . rath glance around and we see the car be park in a gas station . electra you want I to pump ? rath no , stay in the car . I want you to understand something . if I intend to kill you , you would already be dead . electra say nothing . he reach over and take the car key . when he be out of the car , electra slowly release the strangle - hold she have on the steering wheel . electra okay , nikita , stay calm , think , breathe , think ... electra check the rear view mirror , listen as rath pump the gas . her eye flash down to she bag . outside , rath watch electra through the window . she appear motionless . the electric gas counter race like a stop watch . in the car , electra ease she hand into she bag . the tank full , rath re-hang the pump . he walk around the car and head for the station . electra wait until he back be turn . she pull she tool pouch from she bag , throw it open and find she wire stripper . reaching under the dash , she yank out a tangle handful of wire . she look up ; rath be inside pay . electra come on , come on , it 's a cake walk . her finger fly with surgical precision , snipping , stripping , twist . rath step out of the station as she head pop up , look for he . it take only a second for he to realize what she be do . rath oh shit . he run at the car as she strip the last set of wire and strike they ; the battery grind . electra please , please . he be almost there when the engine fire . she stomp on the gas , ramming the shift into drive . tire squealing , the car swerve forward as rath slam into it . he bounce backward , fall to the ground . the car fishtail away , accelerate as rath roll to one knee , he gun automatically in he hand . he draw a bead , but , he do not shoot . with a concerted effort , he put the gun away . rath dammit . ext . electra's apartment build - night electra 's car be park out front . she unlock the lobby door and drag herself inside . int . electra's apartment lobby stand at the mailbox flipping through she mail be Jennifer Morgan . what she be hope for be not there . she look up and see electra . jennifer Excuse I -- electra stop . jennifer you live here , do not you ? electra nod . jennifer I be sorry , this may sound really weird , but my friend tell I he slip a letter under the door here and I be wonder if you happen to see it ? electra be in a daze , she hand move into she pocket . electra letter ? jennifer yeah . he say he see a woman with dark hair go into the building when he drop it off . electra no . I do not have it . electra 's mouth open and she back away . Jennifer be bother by she reaction and she do not push it . jennifer I be sorry . I do not mean to -- I be sorry . she shrug and unlock the interior door , leave electra in the lobby . electra watch she , as she hand move from pocket to pocket . a worried expression tighten she face ; the letter be go . she open the interior door , follow Jennifer up the stair . int . staircase electra climb the stair , she mind pour through the possibility , fill with fear . by the time electra reach the top floor , Jennifer be enter she apartment . electra hurry past Jennifer 's door to she own . int . electra's apartment - night electra fly across the live room to the monitor . she click they on , put on Jennifer 's channel . on the screen we see Jennifer in she live room check she phone message . one from she mother . electra throw a few switch so that Jennifer 's entire apartment be in front of she . on one of the monitor we see a shadow slide across the oak floor as something move along the edge of the room . Jennifer have move to the bathroom and be draw a bath . electra clamp she hand over she mouth when he step out . bain move into the dining room where Jennifer have just be . wearing rubber surgeon 's glove , he pick up the mail that she have drop on the table and sort through it . bain move about the apartment with complete indifference to Jennifer 's presence ; as if he be invisible , as though he know she could not see he . he move into a room , just as she move out . electra watch , dizzy , sick with terror , but she be unable to turn away . bain search through a desk drawer , while Jennifer start undress for she bath . he walk down the hall and stand outside of the bathroom . if Jennifer would turn around she would see he . electra be about to run , to call out when -- something catch bain 's eye . he move into the bedroom , and be turn so that he be look straight up into the camera . he inch towards it , not sure what it be . the fiber optic cable be hide in the light fixture hang over the bed . stare at it , he be look right at electra . bain step up onto the bed , he face distorting as he move close to the fish - eye lens . poke it with he finger , he realize what it be . a warpe smile stretch across he face as he whisper -- bain ( v.o. ) oh , you sick little bitch -- electra tear away from the screen , panic seize hold of she . she rip entire drawer out of she dresser , dump they into a suitcase , stuff in anything that look important . she grab nikita in the " travel kitty . " ext . back porch the door open and electra jump out , slamm it behind she as -- bain turn from the back stair . she leap back inside as he whip out he gun , pumping two hole in the door . int . electra's apartment she scramble from the kitchen , throw she suitcase , still clutching the " travel kitty , " as -- the back door explode from its hinge , bain charge , firing he gun . bullet hissing past she , electra crash through the front door into the hall . int . hall the stair be at the far end . she be only halfway , when -- rath rise up the stair , he gun cocked . electra drop to the floor as -- behind she , bain barrel from the apartment . rath fire . the wood door splinter , bullet hole surround bain . off balance , he lunge back into the apartment . rath continue firing , grab hold of electra . they run down the stair . ext . rear staircase bain leap down the flight . ext . alley bain rush into the street , look in every direction . they be go . bain fuck I ! ext . large chain HOTEL - night somewhere in the city . int . HOTEL room electra and rath enter the room together but they be both immediately alone . she walk across the room to a chair in the corner , curling into it even as nikita jump up and curl into she lap . he set he briefcase on the table at the opposite end of the room and sit . they watch each other . silence . between then be the liquor cabinet . rath know a good idea when he see one . rath want a drink ? her face be as expressionless as nikita 's . he pour himself a very large bourbon and slug it down . take a deep breath , then pour himself another one . rath okay ... he return to he table with he drink . rath I be not good at this sort of thing , but we do not have a lot of time , so I will just go ahead and get start . first : you . I ask myself , ' what be she think ? ' her body tighten , coil . rath simple . she 's scared . she 's almost be kill twice and now she be alone in a room with a man that she believe be a ... assassin . another deep pull on the bourbon . rath furthermore she be bring here not entirely on she own accord which only increase she fear and suspicion . thus , as long as she be afraid , she first , maybe she only think will be escape . do that leave I any other option ? he slug down the rest of he drink and stand , whipping out he gun . rath no . cross the room , he turn the gun around and offer it to she . she look at it . back at he . he put it on the bed beside she , turn he back and walk to the bar . she pick up the gun . rath the gun be silence . she could shoot I right now . she stand , nikita jump from she lap . rath she could take the car and be far from here before the may come in the morning , but -- she start squeezing off round ; the lamp explode , the chair around he erupt , tuft of white stuff leaping into the air . electra shut up ! he freeze , bottle in one hand , glass in the other . electra stop try to tell I what I be think ! she move closer to he , the gun squeeze in she fist . electra I will tell you what you be think -- you think I be not go to shoot you but right now you be not so sure , be you ? a slight shake of the head , no . electra you be think that maybe it be a mistake to give I this gun , that maybe I be not go to think about thing logically because I be a woman and I be freak out and I be go to do something impulsive and irrational -- right ? she fire the gun to both side of he head . he 's surprised to be alive . electra you do not know shit about I ! now sit down ! he return to he chair and sit with the same expression she have wear sit a moment ago . she open the cabinet and grab one of the sample bottle of liquor . she suck it all down and throw the bottle across the room . grabbing another , she sit on the edge of the bed . electra okay . how do you find I ? rath you be the computer hacker , you tell I . electra you do not know anything about I . nikita rub up against she leg . electra nikita ? rath yellow page . V for veterinarian . there be not that many . she nod , slurping at she bottle . electra you be one of they , be not you ? rath ' they ' ? electra a assassin ? rath until a minute ago . electra what do that mean ? rath if I still be what I use to be , you would not be point that at I . electra eye he , consider shoot he right now . electra who be that other guy ? rath another contractor . electra someone hire both of you ? rath no . they hire bain . the contract would have be mine , but bain take it from I as he take the previous one . electra so this be something between you and he ? rath he steal the contract know that I would come after he . electra why ? rath because he be try to retire I . electra he want to kill you ? rath yes . electra why ? rath the nature of the business . you remove you competition . electra and you want to use I to get he ? rath yes . electra forget it ! rath we do not have a choice . she fire the gun , pock the wall behind he . electra do not tell I I do not have a choice ! rath right . electra I be two second away from make my choice which mean you have get two second to tell I why I should not shoot you . rath it 's simple . you need I . I need you . and we will both need money . electra I do not need you to get the money -- my money ! rath if it have not be for I , you would be dead . she 's up pace , know there be some truth in that . electra I do not need the money . rath this be something that be never go to end . you can never work in the business again with this contract , because he will find you . to survive , you have to go into deep hide . and that 's go to take money , a lot of money . electra then you can have the disk and I will just walk out that door -- rath if you walk out that door , bain will still come after you . electra why ? rath because he take a contract on you . he will come for you and he will find you . electra you do not know that -- you be try to scare I . rath no . it 's the truth . I know what you be . like I , like bain , you be a ghost , you be not part of the real world . you do not have a social security number . you do not pay tax . you have probably use ten different name over the last ten year . a long time ago something probably happen , something illegal and you run , you disappear and it be easy . you think you can do it again . but I be tell you , fade from the law be nothing . no matter what you do , where you go , I swear to you that bain will find you . electra how ? rath right now , as we sit here , he be tear through you apartment . he be digging through you drawer , empty you closet . he will take you telephone and address book , you appointment book . if you keep a diary , he be read it . he will go into the kitchen and find out what kind of food you eat , liquor you drink , cigarettes you smoke . in the bathroom he will find any prescription drug you take and where you get they fill . if you have video tape or recording he will watch and listen to all of they . she be come unglue . imagine he watch she tape , go through she possession . she be move , pace , ready to explode . electra oh Jesus Jesus ... rath he will know everything about you . everything . I know , because I have do it . once you have be inside a mark 's home , you be in they head . if you be any good , you will find the mark in a week , and bain be good because I be the best and I could not take he . she whirl and start firing the gun , fire it everywhere , fear and anger rocketing out of she in whistling hot wad of lead . when she stop , he start to say something but she level the gun at he . electra shut up ! all right ! you have say enough ! she force herself back , grab handfuls of the sample bottle . electra I need to think ... to be alone . with the gun and a armful of booze and nikita follow at she foot , she go into the bathroom and slam the door . int . bathroom she lock the door and then collapse . her body seem to fold up onto itself as she slide down the wall ; the gun and the bottle fall from she arm , clatter softly on the bath rug as she bury she face in she hand . int . bedroom very mechanically , rath begin set up he chess board , put the piece into the same position . it be a ritual , and with it he enter a kind of trance . from the bathroom , almost inaudible , he hear electra crying . int . bathroom with she head now bury in she arm and knee , she be sobbing , she body rock . the cry seem very similar to Jennifer 's ; a complete emotional release . int . bedroom rath stare at the board . the crying grow louder . he stand and walk to the door . he start to knock but stop himself . like electra with Jennifer , rath would like to help , he just have no idea how to . he turn back to the desk , to he chess game . int . bathroom her eye be now burn red . she stop cry long enough to suck down a entire sample of scotch . nikita rub against she and she stroke she . electra oh shit , nikita . int . bedroom rath be set up he computer system . he hear the tub filling up . int . bathroom nikita jump up onto the toilet seat and start drink . electra cheer . electra finish another sample and drop it to the floor where we see that many of the bottle be now empty . in the tub , steam rise off the surface , she wring out a wash cloth and cover she face , sink deeper into the water . int . bedroom when electra come out of the bathroom , rath be again at he chess game . she sit down across from he and set the gun on the table between they . rath look up at she . electra listen -- I do not even know you name . rath rath . Robert rath . electra electra . rath just electra ? electra yeah . rath as in daughter of agamemnon ? electra no. just electra . the conversation die . electra what I be try to say be that -- I be not sure I can do this , help you , unless I know more about you . rath what do you want to know ? electra if bain have not take the contract on I , would you have ? he stare at she . rath no . electra why ? rath because I be do . electra this be crazy . I can not trust you . you can not trust I . how can we possibly help each other ? they sit in silence , the gun and the chess game lie between they . rath do you play ? she look at the chess board . electra with computer . rath it 's not the same , be it ? electra better than play with yourself . he smile . rath I have a opponent . she understand that he be try to tell she something . electra have ? rath he be Russian . nicholai tachlinkov . a legend in the business when I be just start . I admire he . when I hear he love chess I become obsessed with the game . electra study the board . electra he be white ? rath nod . electra it look like white 's game . rath we play with a code use the New York Times obituary . over three year we play twelve match . I never win . electra why do not you finish this game ? she reach over and lift a White knight and take a Bishop . rath counter , take she knight . rath he be ... take . electra he be kill . rath nod . throughout the entire conversation they continue to play out the chess game . electra by who ? a long beat . rath I kill he . electra why ? rath because that 's how it work . that 's what it 's about . he be the best . he be on top . electra where you want to be ? rath yes . as soon as you get into this business , all you can think about be get to the top . that 's all there be . until then , there be nothing . you be nothing . electra how do you get into the business ? rath the same way everyone do ; the government , the Agency . electra the c.i.a .? rath more or less . electra how old be you ? rath they recruit I when I be in high school . electra Jesus -- why ? rath Languages . I be already fluent in nine language . electra you be like a boy genius ? rath some people say that . I never think so . electra why not ? rath I be just different . electra you go from high school to the Agency ? rath no . I graduate from George Washington University . then I enter the Agency training program . electra they do not give you a choice , do they ? rath no , they do not . electra but you know what they be training you for ? rath of course . I be go to be James bond . electra ahhhh ... rath they be very good at what they do . it 's very seductive . the training , the weapon , the travel -- electra the exotic woman . rath woman ? no ... not really . electra why not ? rath woman ... I do not ... I do not want to talk about woman . electra why ? rath because you be a woman . electra why do you leave the Agency ? rath the same reason everyone do . you hear you name on c-span and you realize you be a skeleton in someone 's closet and they be come to bury you . electra they try to kill you ? rath yes . it do not matter much to they as long as I disappear . electra then you go freelance ? rath the only thing different about the private sector be that a General contractor take less of a percentage than the government , so you make more money . then once you make the transition , you realize you be never work for the government ; it be always the private sector , the vested interest and it 's the same vested interest that continue to buy you plane ticket . electra tell I about the first time . rath my first take ? electra yes . rath why ? electra because I want to know . rath it be ... mechanical . very precise . it be exactly like the training drill except for the adrenaline . electra be they usually like that ? rath no. just the first one . electra after that ? rath they become complicated ... messy . electra do it ever bother you ? rath do it ever bother James bond ? electra that 's fiction . rath this be fiction ! do not you see that ? this be another reality . and the people that come into the world to play this game -- nobody force they ! they be here , they know the rule , the stake , the risk ! do you understand what I be say ? no one be innocent -- include you ! electra do that mean it do not bother you ? rath lean back and stare at she . she wait . rath you get a job swinging a hammer , the first day you get a blister , it tear open , it bleed and it stay sore a long time . you keep swinging the hammer , you get a good hard callous that cover that spot and it never bother you again . electra say nothing . he lean forward and slide a rook into she back row . rath check . he lean back . rath be that what you want to hear ? something cold blooded ... something remorseless ... electra no. something honest . a beat . rath like this woman . she move she Queen . electra mate . he smile . electra I hope you plan be better than you game . int . cheap HOTEL - night the room be ugly . shag carpete , wood panele and polyester pattern curtain . we hear a computer keyboard clicking away as we move across a table . the hotel phone be in a modem , which be hold together with duct tape . between the modem and the computer be a scrambler construct out of a series of naked circuit board . it be a very similar set up to rath 's , only it have be put together with a fraction of the resource . bain sit , type at the computer , he shirt off . beside the desk - top be a six pack of Old style beer , a bag of dorito and he gameboy . on the floor , disassembled neatly on a small white towel be he clean gun . bain finish punch in a code , sit back and suck down he beer . contractor /screen where have you be , Michael ? he belch . he be communicate with he General contractor . on the table be a collection of personal object , much of it stuff in pillow case , take from electra 's house . bain / screen track the mark . bain finger a pair of satin panty . he smile as he smell they . bain I be on the scent . contractor /screen you be too late . bain slam he beer down . contractor /screen I have learn from microcell , rath fulfil the contract . bain / screen how ? contractor /screen he take out the mark and sell the disk back to microcell . bain fall back in he chair , think . he run he hand through he sweaty hair . contractor / screen Michael ? bain no. no. no . I do not believe it . contractor /screen they money will be standard bank transfer . we believe we will know where and when . bain what ? bain / screen how ? there be no response . bain / screen how in the fuck do you know that ? a long beat . contractor /screen such language in front of a lady . bain I do not give a fuck what you be . I ask you -- he hit the repeat key . bain ( type ) how in the fuck do you know that ? contractor /screen do you want rath or not ? bain stare at the screen , think . think hard . int . large chain HOTEL room - night another computer screen , but we do not know that it be different . contractor /screen it will take three day to arrange the transfer . electra Three day ? we be in electra and rath 's hotel room . she be stand behind he , read as he type . contractor /screen which account ? electra be you go to tell he ? rath it. tell it . for all I know it could be a machine . electra you say you do not trust it . rath I do not . contractor /screen which account ? electra what kind of bank be go to allow we to withdraw ten million dollar the day it be transfer ? rath the kind prefer by drug smuggler , arm dealer and politician . rath type in a account number . rath do you have a passport ? electra several . rath good . electra where be it ? rath Mexico . int . airplane - day rath and electra be sit in the first class section , which she be obviously enjoy , smile and sip champagne . electra God , I love first class . I remember when I be a little girl , I would wonder what it be like up here . I would always try to peek through the curtain . rath say nothing , stare out the window . electra shake she head . electra I hope nikita 's all right . he still do not respond . electra hey , where be you ? rath think . electra about ? rath nothing . electra sip the last of she champagne . electra I have never be to the Gulf of Mexico . be it as nice as they say ? rath I do not know . electra you be there ? a long beat . rath yes . ext . SMALL mexican airport - day the plane land . ext . terminal cab stand rath and electra hand they bag to a cabby who put they in he trunk . int . cab rath speak perfect Spanish . rath ( in Spanish ) good afternoon . we have reservation at the Hotel paraiso in costa blanca . cabby ( in Spanish ) yes , sir . ext . HOTEL paraiso - day the cab pull up in front of a large , brand new glass hotel , which shimmer in the blue green reflection of the gulf water . rath be upset . rath ( in Spanish ) no , no . I say the Hotel paraiso . cabby ( in Spanish ) yes . this be the Hotel paraiso . rath ( in Spanish ) no , the other Hotel paraiso , in the city . near the Plaza del sol . cabby ( in Spanish ) I be sorry , sir . a year ago there be a fire in the old Hotel paraiso . this be the new Hotel paraiso . rath ( in Spanish ) take we there . ext . costa blanca - day american tourist dollar have build up the coast , but much of the out -ly city be very poor . the old Hotel paraiso be a five story blacken husk . the face of the building be burnt black and it seem to hang in space as something non- corporeal , like the shadow of the building rather than the building itself . rath stare at it , remember . electra be behind he , stand in the midst of the Plaza del sol . he look up to the fifth story window , then turn directly opposite of that . the International banco de Mexico , a enormous , beautiful old building ; its exterior wall be white - wash concrete , blindingly bright white . electra look at the bank and smile . electra so , that 's where all that S &amp ; L money be ? rath be not listen to she . he be somewhere else . he turn back to the fourth story window . rath that 's where he will be . electra what ? rath I be not expect this . I need to think . ext . HOTEL paraiso - night Beyond the light of the hotel the gulf darken to midnight oil . int . HOTEL paraiso elevator on one side of the elevator be a young couple who look like newlywed . they be cuddle , kissing and giggle as though they be alone . electra and rath be on the other side of the elevator . it be a strange contrast . electra be stare at they . rath , behind he sunglass , be in he own world . the elevator chime and open . nobody move . the door chime again and start to close , as everyone realize that this be they floor . rath and the other man grab the door , which spring back open . it be a funny , awkward moment , as everyone apologize and smile politely , on the way out . int . hall the couple move down the hall , the newlywed find they door first . rath reach the door to they room , open it and enter . electra linger , watch the other couple , watch as he fumble for he key , she hand run up between he leg and over he ass . he finally manage to open the door and she push he inside . electra softly close she door . int . HOTEL paraiso - HOTEL room rath be sit in a desk chair stare out of the slide balcony door at the dark gulf water . electra do you see they ? electra move about the large suite . electra they look like they be in love . rath say nothing . electra well , I think I will take a bath . come on , nikita ! the two of they walk into the bathroom , leave rath to himself . int . bathroom electra sit on the edge of the over-size tub , water run through she finger as she adjust the temperature . after a beat she hear a SMALL crash , a glass breaking . it be follow by other muffled noise , a woman giggling and a thumping . the sound be come from the other side of the tub wall , from the other suite . electra put she ear against the tile to listen . the water filling she tub be too loud for she to hear . she turn it off . there be more bumping and thumping , the woman laughing and then , the laugh shorten into soft whimper . electra hang on each sound , slowly lift by it , move up toward the over-head fan and duct . the sound get louder as she move closer to the vent , until she be stand precariously on the edge of the tub , listen to what be clearly the sound of two people making love . they moan and shriek climax and electra smile . int . bedroom it be dark now . a single desk light be on , under which rath be set up he chess board , put the piece in they familiar pattern . electra come out of the bathroom . she seem very clean and fresh , wear a long white T-shirt and thin robe . electra that feel great . you should try it . she watch he set the piece onto the board . electra do not you ever get tired of play the same game ? he look at she . rath no . electra why not ? rath it help I to focus . it center I , help I think . electra oh . what do you think about ? rath work . the thing I need to get do . she sit across from he look at the board . electra do you think about the game ? rath yes . electra but you have never figure out a way to win . rath no . electra not even a stalemate ? rath no . electra what happen if you do ? this strike rath as a very strange question and he be suddenly annoyed by she . electra can I ask you something ? he know she will anyway . electra what will you do if this work , if we get the money ? rath I do not know ... maybe I will live on a boat , sail to all the place I have never be . electra that sound nice . he finish he glass of bourbon . she be not sure what to say next , if she should say anything at all . electra I be kind of tired . I think I would like to try and get some sleep . rath you can have the bed . the chair be fine for I . he pour himself another drink , drop in some ice from the ice bucket . electra thanks . she slip out of the robe and in between the sheet . rath sit across the room , he back to she . she try to make herself comfortable , but cannot . electra do you think he 's here ? rath here ? electra in costa blanca . rath yes . she think . electra what do you think he 's do ? rath I do not know ... but I be sure he 's not sleep . she pull the cover tightly to she chin . her eye do not close . int . HOTEL ( costa blanca ) - night a small hotel in the city , away from the beach , build before there be such a thing as central air conditioning . bain be naked , except for a small pair of camouflage jockey and he walkman strapped to he shoulder . his head be pump wildly with the speed metal thrashing in he ear . he be tear open a long box wrap in " happy birthday " paper . Inside the box be a massive black hi-tech assault rifle . he smile . he assemble it quickly , snap it together with automatic ease . when the sight be tightened in place , he jump up . in the mirror over the dresser , he pose down with the gun . not satisfied , he grab he shade and check himself again . he start move with the music , play with the gun , first as a guitar , then whipping it around , spin it expertly , like a drum and bugle corpsman . the gun zip and flash around as he whirl in place , then freeze . the butt of the rifle to he shoulder , he peer down the scope at he own head reflect in the mirror . he be sweat and breathe , but the barrel do not move . bain you be dead , motherfucker . ext . HOTEL paraiso - day electra lean out over the railing , smile , inhale the warm air , the scent of the shimmer blue-green sea . rath stand in the shadow of the door frame . rath Breakfast . electra why do not you bring it out here ? it 's beautiful out here . rath step a little farther out . he look down either side of the building , check sight line . he look out and see another hotel with window face they . he turn to she . say nothing . move back inside . int . HOTEL room the breakfast trays be empty . rath be sip coffee , scribbling note and diagram on a piece of paper . electra come out of the bathroom dress for the beach . he stop work . electra I know what you be think . I be not go to disappear , okay ? I be not go anywhere , just down there , to that beautiful beach . I get to get out of this room , just for a little while . rath okay . electra really ? rath he will not be look for you . just be careful . buy a book . keep you sunglass on . electra book. sunglass . great . int . HOTEL hall electra step out of the hotel room ready for the beach . at the end of the hall , she see the newlyw couple get on the elevator . she start to call to they to hold it for she , but she stop herself . the elevator close . she edge slowly down the hall , stop outside the door to they suite . she touch it with the tip of she finger . int . HOTEL room - day rath be still at the table . the curtain begin to billow , a soft breeze blow through the open patio door . they swell open and fall . it seem for a moment that there be a figure , a shadow , in the change shape of the curtain . rath stand . he walk to the open door . stand in the frame , he look out at the blue ocean below . he slide the door close , and the curtain fall still . ext . plaza del SOL - day bain move through the market , booth lining the edge of the plaza . his eye shift rapidly behind he sunglass . he busy a apricot and stroll into the center of the plaza . he look at the bank , at the military - style security guard that patrol the front . he turn in the plaza , check the perimeter , he gaze fall on the tall , burn - out building . he look back at the bank , imagine the sight line . he bite into the apricot , its juice gush , run down he chin . int . HOTEL room rath be lean back in the bed , nikita purring in he lap . he do not sleep last night and be very tired . his eye fight to stay open . the sound of the television momentarily hang in the hotel room as he sleep . the program be a spanish dubbed version of goldfinger . the door bang open and rath spring off the bed , a gun flash in he hand , leveling it at a daze , blink electra . rath sigh slowly , let the hammer of the gun click back into place . rath you should knock . electra sorry . rath how be the beach ? electra the beach ? it be nice . she smile . ext . HOTEL paraiso - dusk the sun burn a tropical red against the mirrore window of the hotel . int . HOTEL room electra be sit on the bed , she back against the wall . in she hand be a paperback romance novel that she be look over the top of , stare intensely across the room . we can hear rath , he breathe deep and even . he be do tai chi , wear only he boxer short . his body be coat in a sheen of sweat , he muscle strain as he move fluidly through space . electra begin to breath with he . she move she body slightly , she hip rise as though to meet he . he empty he lung entirely in one exhale and stop , he eye close , rest . electra that be beautiful . he look at she . electra tai chi , right ? he nod . electra where do you learn it ? rath Taiwan . electra not that I would know , but you look like you be really good at it . rath thank you . electra I have always want to learn something like that . rath you should . it 's very important , that the body release the energy that build in it . electra nod , watch he bend , reach for a change of clothes . rath I be go to shower . if you be hungry , go ahead and order some dinner . electra nod again . int . costa blanca HOTEL - night bain be do push up . he be naked except for he camouflage bikinis . he have he foot up on a chair , make it harder , the dip deeper . his body be gush sweat , he face a burn red . he be like a piston fire up and down . the muscle in he neck and shoulder be bulg cord . slowly , he arm begin to tire , the strain see in he knotting and twist expression . half way up , he collapse , foot fall off the chair . he roll onto he back , rub a tricep . it hurt . he lick the sweat off he upper lip and smile . int . HOTEL paraiso room - night rath check he watch . it 's after eight o'clock . he lift the phone and plug it into the modem . rath I be go to call . electra drop she book and climb off the bed . he dial , type the code and wait . contractor / screen hello , Robert . rath / screen the contract ? contractor /screen paid in full . electra oh , my God . ten million dollar . contractor / screen transferred to the specify account . rath stare at the screen . contractor / screen Goodbye , Robert . rath disconnect . the phone hum . electra pick it up , place it back in the cradle . rath sit down . she do . he open a case and pull out he gun , some paper and pen and two small mike that look like hearing aid . rath okay -- he start draw several square on the paper , as electra pick up the mike . she look over it , frown . electra two way ? rath transmit and receive . electra cheap as shit . he look at she . rath I pay a lot for this . electra they see you come a mile away . if I have know we would be use -- rath it 's too late now . okay ? we will have to deal with this . electra Fine . he go back to he draw . rath this be the bank . this be the hotel . in the morning I will enter the bank . electra check . rath he will be hide somewhere out here , probably somewhere low , in the crowd . he will stay there until he see I enter the bank . electra but he will not shoot you right then ? rath no . it would be amateur . a risk . he will wait for the prime shot , that he know be come . once I be inside , he will move to the hotel . he will go up the back , too much traffic in the front . he draw another square . rath you will be here . a restaurant . a public place far enough away that he will not notice you , but with a good enough view you will be able to see he when he move inside . electra okay . then what ? rath then , we wait . electra aiiee . more wait ? I do not know if I like this plan . rath it will take the entire day , but he will begin to doubt himself . he will begin to believe that he miss I , that somehow I slip by and be already on a plane to Europe . he describe this as though remember it . rath the sun will be low , almost dark , the air cool and the bank will almost be close . 5:45 . 5:50 . he will put the rifle down , he will get up and he will walk across the plaza to the bank . electra why will not he wait until the bank close ? rath he will not be able to . he will have to go inside . he will have to see with he own eye , whether or not I be there . if the bank close , he will not know for sure . he will come . I be sure . and when he do you will go into the hotel , go upstairs and take the gun . electra what ? what if he bring it with he ? he shake he head . rath he can not . the bank have a expensive security system ; metal detector and x-ray machine . electra that mean you will not have a gun . rath that 's right . electra and with the mike , I will tell you when he leave the hotel and you will tell I when he leave the bank . rath if thing go well , I do not have to . you will already be in a rent car wait for I . electra you will have the money . how do I know that you will not -- rath I will be walk out of the bank , unarm . you will have the gun and I will drive the car . electra we split the money ? rath five million apiece . you get on you plane , I get on mine . electra sound pretty well figure out . rath I have be think about it for a long time . electra except -- rath what ? electra except , if he do not come out of the hotel . rath I tell you , he will . electra you can not know for sure , how can you ? I mean , you be not he . rath I be . she wait for he to explain . rath ten year ago , I sit there in that same hotel window , sweat pour off of I wait -- electra for nicholai ? rath yes . electra you kill he here ? in this city , outside that bank ? rath nod . electra what be it ? I do not like this at all . what be go on here ? rath I do not know . it just happen . I be here ten year ago , I be here now . that 's it . electra I do not believe that . rath it be not plan or premeditate . I swear . thing happen beyond my control . I understand ; I see where they be lead and I suppose that it just make sense . electra ten year ago . rath yes . electra what happen ? rath I wait until I be insane and then I walk into the bank . he be sit there , very calm , wait for I . electra what do he want ? rath he want what I want now ; to get out of the business . to disappear to some empty Greek island . rath what do he say ? rath he say I could not win . that no one win at this game . electra be that it ? rath then he offer I one million dollar to walk away , to quit the business . electra you do not take it . rath no . I go back to the hotel . and wait . electra ten year later , here you be again . rath yes . here I be again . Pov - through telescopic lens - marble statue the cross-hair of a telescopic sight be line - up on the head of a marble statue . int . costa blanca HOTEL - night bain be lay on the floor in the dark . the rifle be under he as he aim out of he balcony , down the street at the statue . he look up from the scope , check the street . it be dark and empty and he shift back look into the sight . his finger squeeze , the gun almost silent , as -- intercut with : statue a chunk of stone explode out the head of the statue . again , the gun spit and another cloud of dust and rock burst from the head . his finger be pump the trigger , until the head crack and fall . he 's laugh , hysterical , look down the street at the headless statue . he roll onto he side still laugh . then , suddenly , he stop , stare up at the star in the night sky . int . HOTEL paraiso room - night electra be still at the table , stare at the diagram , in another world . rath pour a glass of bourbon and set it in front of she . electra this have be the longest day of my life . rath nod , pour himself a drink . electra look at the drink , downs the whole glass . he refill it . electra do you have ulcer ? rath no . electra I think I get one today . rath five million dollar will buy a lot of rolaid . she smile . they both gulp down they drink and he fill they again . electra what do you suppose he 's do now ? rath shrug . he be no longer look at she ; stare at the board , move he mind into the chess game . she watch he and then begin to study it with he , the way a child do , almost imitate he . she do not want to be leave alone right now . she reach over and move a white knight . he blink . his eye shifting , sorting the possibility . he pick a bishop and counter . after another sequence , he take she bishop and she take he knight . rath why do you trade a bishop for a knight ? electra I hate bishop . they be useless . I like knight . rath they be worth less point . electra so ? there be no point in argue . as they continue to play , we begin to hear in the distance , the couple in the adjoin suite making very vigorous love . electra watch rath to see if he hear they . he show no sign of it , concentrate on the game . electra do you hear they ? he look up . electra listen . he hear it . not interested . electra do you think they be newlywed ? rath I do not notice they . electra when I first see they I think they be marry . rath how do you know they be not ? electra I go into they room this afternoon . rath what ? electra it be no big deal . I see they leave , I go in . rath Jesus , if someone have -- electra nobody ever see I . rath why in the hell would you take that chance ? electra I hear they last night and it make I want to know something about they . I want to , so I do . rath shake he head . in the b.g. , the woman be almost scream . electra she be marry , but not to he . another man , much older . she have four kid . the young guy work for she . and I think she like kinky sex . rath thank you . electra be not it interesting though ? I mean , look at we , in this room . or yesterday , when we be walk in the plaza market . I mean , we look like just another couple . but what be we ? do not it seem so crazy ? rath no . electra no ? rath it 's always be that way . the world have always function on two level . electra I know . it make I crazy . rath why ? electra I do not know . when I be in college , I be force to go to a psychiatrist because I be catch drilling hole in my dorm room floor . rath and you be drilling this hole ...? electra so I could watch the girl that live under I . rath apparently this doctor be unable to cure you . electra he tell I that my curiosity become unnaturally entangle with my sense of self - preservation . rath do he explain how this happen ? electra he believe it all go back to one night , when as a little girl . I watch my parent have this big fight , really big . I think my mother be go to kill my father . then they go into they room and make up . and I watch they make love through the keyhole . the woman scream a final time in climax . electra move she queen , take he other knight . rath what be you do ? electra what ? rath that 's a ridiculous move . electra why ? rath because , I will take it . electra I be play white , remember . you can not tell I which piece to move . it do not work that way . he shrug and take she queen , the game continue . electra can I ask you something ? rath I be sure you will . electra be I attractive ? this get he attention . rath yes . electra be you attract to I ? rath yes . electra why ? rath why ? I do not know . electra be it a physical thing , or a mental thing ? rath both . a good answer . electra smile . electra be that why you do not want to talk about woman before ? rath I do not want to complicate the situation . electra attraction be a complication ? rath it can be . electra it happen to you before ? rath yes . electra who be she ? rath someone like I , like you . a pro . electra what happen to she ? rath she be take . electra do you -- rath no . I try to stop it . I could not . electra be she the only one ? rath after she , I realize that to survive I have to live without ... it 's dangerous to let thing become complicated . electra be this become complicated ? rath I be not sure that I care anymore . he look up from the game . electra be you attract to I right away ? rath no . electra when do it start ? rath honestly ? electra uh-huh . rath when I give you my gun and you almost shot I . electra maybe you should see a psychiatrist . rath why ? electra that do not sound normal . rath I be not normal . electra I know . that 's why I be attract to you . I mean , you make I nervous . you be intimidating . maybe it 's my curiosity / self - preservation thing , but all I can really think about right now be kissing you . they rise up from the table , together , knock over the chess game . the piece fall to the floor . they grab at each other , kissing , both of they hungry , aggressive . they tear at each other 's clothes and at they own clothes ; it have a very awkward sense to it , as they become naked in front of each other . there be nothing smooth or fluid about it , which make it seem very real . he take she , lift she onto the table . she scoot and wiggle back , the chess piece fall out of the way . she open she leg and he move in between they . electra I want to tell you -- her breath rush out , then back in . electra my real name be Anna . he smile . rath Martin . electra Martin . her leg wrap up around he hip and he push deeper into she . electra Nice to meet you , Martin . int . HOTEL paraiso - hall - night outside of the room , we can hear the muffled sound of two people making love . ext . costa blanca - night we be moving down the street , low , over the old flagstone , toward the marble statue that bain shot . on the ground be the shattered piece of the head . closer we see one of the piece be part of the face , the eye , which seem like the iris-less eye of a chess king . closer we move into the blank white of that eye . dissolve to : white square glossed with light we pull back , rising up and away , and see other square , black and white like a chess board . a woman 's high heel click past . rising higher , we see the woman walk . a man cross behind she , in another direction . higher still , and we realize that we be look at the black and white marble floor of the -- int . INTERNATIONAL banco do mexico - day it be a strange and beautiful bank . the ceiling be vast , the suspend light elaborate , baroque , the enormous clock on the wall , build to resemble a sun . it look almost as though it could be a museum , with its massive oil painting and bronze statue of important mexican figure . already it be crowded , people and security guard move about beneath we . rath step onto the checker floor and remember . ext . outdoor cafe the cafe be off the plaza . electra sit at a patio table . down the street she can see the back of the burn - out hotel . she hear rath in she ear-piece . rath ( v.o. ) all right . I be in the bank . he will move now . how be you do ? she be nervous . electra I be ready . int . bank rath good . rath be wear a well - tailore , gray silk suit and dark sunglass . in he hand be a very large briefcase . he cross the checker floor to the teller window . teller May I help you ? rath yes . could you check on a transfer for I ? teller you name , or account ? rath rath . Robert rath . ext . cafe electra smile when she hear he , mouth the name " Martin . " int . bank a bank official walk over to the window , carry a print receipt , with a very bright smile . official senor rath , we have receive you transfer . he hand rath the receipt . he glance at it , check the zero . there be seven of they . rath good . now I will need to close this account . I would like you to ready the paperwork . the smile fade . official you wish to close this account today ? rath that 's correct . official how would you like the fund ? rath american currency . official this will take some time . rath I have all day . ext . cafe electra look up over she book and bain be there , move down the side street , glide through the crowd with the menace indifference of a shark . int . bank the official be talk to the teller in Spanish , when electra whisper in rath 's ear . electra he 's here . rath freeze . ext . cafe electra watch as bain move along the plywood wall , cover with bill and poster , build to keep people out of the burn hotel . he be carry a long nylon duffel bag . at the corner , a section of the plywood have be pull loose and bain squeeze through , into the hotel . electra he 's inside . int . bank rath be sit in one of the high back leather chair set in pair along the wall of the bank . he glance at the enormous clock , which read 10:10 . he check he rolex . rath now , we wait . int . burned HOTEL paraiso the center of the hotel be open . Interior hall balcony , which line each floor , look down onto a old atrium courtyard . the fire do the most damage here , spread easily throughout the entire building . the skylight and ceiling at the top of this open area , have be destroy and sunlight stream through throw break pattern of shadow and light onto the blacken floor and wall . bain enter , and carefully begin climb the char staircase to the fifth floor . int . burned HOTEL room the room have be heavily burn , stain black from smoke . the char carpet crunch and crack , as bain walk across it to the window . as he near the exterior wall , several floor board break with a brittle SNAP and he almost fall through . bain shit . he pull he leg free . outside the window , across the plaza , he see the bank ; a perfect site . quickly he unzip the bag and lift out the gun . he grab a magazine and snap it into place . he aim down at the bank 's bright white stair . a man be walk down the step and bain find the center of he forehead in the cross-hair of the scope . bain make a gun noise , follow by the sound of a head burst open . he giggle . lean against the wall , in the shadow of the window , the gun in he lap , he wait . time slow to a crawl . without take he eye from the bank , bain rummages through he bag and find a pack of cigarettes . he pull one out with he lip and light it . take a deep drag , he let the smoke slowly leak out and drift up into the night . dissolve to : SUN White hot . int . burned HOTEL room there be five cigarette butt ground into the blacken window sill , where bain extinguish another . bain what in the fuck be you do in there ? the room be hot , a streak of sweat up he back and front . it be difficult to breathe . a man walk out of the bank , wear a suit similar to rath 's . bain 's body snap erect , rifle instantly levele . he sight the man 's head , he finger tightening on the trigger , but he be not sure it be rath . he look over the scope , look back . the man reach the bottom of the stair . bain 's body sag . bain that 's not he . Jesus , bain , baby , chill the fuck out . he take a deep breath and wipe the sweat from he forehead , leave a smear of black from the charcoal wood . he again fumble through he bag , find a container of bottled water . he chug the whole thing . int . bank the official walk over to rath with a number of papers to sign . official you signature , senor . everything be ready . rath sign they , but do not get up . official excellent , senor . if you could follow I ? rath I be sorry , but I be wait for a associate . can you hold everything for I until he arrive ? official of course , senor . rath thank you . ext . cafe electra be sip at some iced tea , dizzy at the think of all that money . electra ten million dollar , sit there . wait ... this be insane . int . bank there be a faint smile on rath 's lip . ext . plaza the shadow be get longer . int . burned HOTEL room bain be rock back and forth , breathe through he tooth . he have to urinate . bad . he be check every face that come out of the bank with the scope . still nothing . bain this be fuck insane . he grab the empty plastic bottle , unzip he pants and begin refilling it . a man in a suit appear on the step and bain fumble the bottle , spilling it as he lift the gun . it be not rath . bain Fucking God dammit ! he hurl the bottle of piss across the room . int . bank the sun clock on the wall , perfectly still , read 5:20 . after a long beat a single minute click off . int . burned HOTEL room the sun be get low . the room much darker now . bain sit at the window ; he body a knot . a large group of tourist flow out of the bank and bain 's eye light up . one by one , the scope pass over each face . they trickle down the step and into the plaza . the stair be again empty . bain scream , pound the butt of the gun down , split open the floor . he look at the bank . nothing . he check he watch . in fifteen minute the bank will close . he stand up . ext . cafe electra be watch the back of the hotel , when bain emerge from the shadow . electra oh my god. he be move like a bullet , knock into people who do not get out of he way . electra he 's come . int . bank rath look up at the clock , smile . rath four minute . electra what ? rath I wait another four minute . electra shit . rath wait until he be on the stair . electra right . rath I be take off my mike . electra okay . rath electra -- electra what ? rath last night -- ext . cafe electra smile . electra be nice . rath yes . she see bain storming up the stair . she stand , toss several bill on the table and leave . int . bank bain charge into the bank , tear off he sunglass , scan the room . his face be a twisted grimace , streak with black charcoal . his body and clothes be cover in sweat and large salt ring . his breathe labor . he see rath sit comfortably , calm , he suit not even wrinkle and realize that rath have be wait for he . his first instinct be to turn and run , but he stop himself . he be confuse , unsure . then , as though understanding he have no choice , he put he sunglass back on and stride over to rath , boot clicking against the polished marble . bain sit down in the leather chair across from he . bain how would you know ? just tell I that . how would you fuck know ? rath I know the same way in ten year you be go to know . bain what do that fuck mean ? rath it mean that I be go to tell you thing , even though I already know that you be not go to listen to a God damned thing I say . int . burned HOTEL electra carefully move up to the fifth floor , then navigate around a large hole , towards the last room . int . bank rath it 's irony . that 's what it be . but the real irony be that you will not know it 's irony until you be sit over here . bain be not listen . instead he 's watch , everyone who walk near they . rath when you walk in here and you see I , sit here , wait ; the first thing that go through you head be that you be a dead man . this catch bain 's ear . rath you be think that you have be sell out . that 's the only way I could know you be out there . why would you think this ? because you do not trust you contractor . you do not trust anyone . it 's automatic . it 's the first and last commandment . it 's the only thing that keep you alive . so , try as I might to tell you the truth , you can not believe I . do you see the irony of the situation ? it 's kind of funny , be not it ? bain be not laugh . int . burned HOTEL room Inside the burn out closet , electra find bain 's nylon duffel bag . digging through it , she find he gameboy , he walkman , he .22 , ammunition clip and several issue of soldier of fortune and a punisher comic book . the rifle be not here . int . bank rath listen to I , bain . two day ago , you contact you contractor , who tell you that they know when and where I be go to pick up the transfer money from microcell . you do not know how they get the information . it bother you , but you do not care . how do I know this ? because ten year ago , I be sit in that chair , as scared shitless as you be now . bain I be not scared of you . rath yeah you be and you hate it . you hate the fact that you hand be shaking and mine be not . that you be sweat you ball off and I be not . you have get fear and hate in you belly like battery acid , all because of I . bain if you think you can take I , quit fuck bullshit and try it . rath all right , bain . pay attention , because this be where everything change . int . burned HOTEL electra be beginning to panic . she cannot find the gun and have start look in other room . int . bank rath you be a businessman , right ? this be a business deal . behind that counter , I have over ten million dollar . I will give you half of it , more money than you will make in the next ten year if , you walk away . bain 's face change , muscle relax , the tension slip out of he . bain five million dollar ? rath that 's right . bain shit . that sure be a lot of money . bain be smile . rath do you see how I do that ? Magic be not it ? bain what ? rath you understand what 's go on ? it make sense , right ? bain oh , yeah . rath what I just say , no assassin would say . what I have say , only a mark would say . they stare at each other . bain you think I would be a idiot to pass up five million dollar . rath you would be . bain you do not know a fuck thing about I . you do not have the slight fuck clue . rath why do not you tell I . bain I will tell you this . after Cleveland , I think I be lucky to be alive . but now , here , I just realize that you be the lucky one . rath now I will tell you something . it would not fuck matter if I offer you one hundred million dollar . you would still be think the same thing , that you be go to take I . and here I be , sit through this , know it 's bullshit , look at you and the only thing go on in my mind , the only thing I can think be that , in just a few minute I be go to take you . bain jump out of the seat . bain yeah , okay ! I be ready ! let 's fuck go ! he 's walk , turn , watch everything , everyone . he 's out the door . int . burned HOTEL electra be on the fourth level , search desperately for the gun , rush through the black skeletal remain of the hotel . in she ear she hear rath . rath ( v.o. ) electra ? she shriek . int . bank rath be at the counter , as the official load perfectly stack block of crisp one hundred dollar bill into the case . rath electra ? int . burned HOTEL electra be frantic . electra God , I can not find it ! I can not find it ! I can not find the fuck gun ! int . bank for rath , everything have change . ext . plaza in long , pound stride , bain cross the square , twist , glance back , watch . int . burned HOTEL electra near the room below the fifth story window . electra it be not with he other stuff ! int . bank rath be now afraid . rath electra , get out . ext . side STREET bain near the open in the plywood wall . int . burned HOTEL electra look up and there be the gun ; support by black plumbing pipe and char lathe . it hang in the space between two joist , hide in the upstairs floor . rath ( v.o. ) he 's come , electra ! get out now ! electra oh , God . I see it ! she reach for it , but it 's too high . rath ( v.o. ) electra , listen ! you have get to come to the bank for the money ! the money ! she be not listen ; she be rush down the hall , back toward the stair . just as she grab the rail , she hear bain storming into the lobby below . she begin climb the stair , quickly but quietly . bain be a rampaging beast , lung up the stair . int . bank the bank be almost empty . rath have begin to sweat . rath electra ! the official look at he strangely , stack the last of the green paper block . int . burned HOTEL electra peek over the rail to see bain right behind she . rath ( v.o. ) electra ! the voice scream in she ear and she tear the mike off , stuff it in she pocket . int . bank rath electra , what 's happen ? what be you -- the official close the case and snap the clasp shut . official finido , senor . int . burned HOTEL electra turn into the hotel room just as bain reach the fifth floor . there be no time . she slip into the closet , as bain whip around the corner into the room . he rush to the window , slamm himself against it . bain you be gonna take I ? come on ! come on , motherfucker ! he bend down and from the hole that he fall into , pull out the assault rifle . bain take this ! take this , you fuck ! electra watch through the slit of the blacken wood lathe . he pound he fist rapidly into he thigh and then through the wall . bain motherfucker ! he stand suddenly , perfectly still , gun aim at the bank . bain comeon-comeon-comeone -it'sover - gameover -comeon . int . bank the sun clock read six o'clock . there be no one leave in the bank except for employee and guard . the official be at rath 's elbow lead he towards the metal gate . official we be close , senor . thank you for banking with we . it be happen as it happen ten year ago . rath know that he be unable to stop it . int . burned HOTEL bain be rigid , cast in iron , the rifle ram under he chin , sight tight to he eye , finger wrap around the trigger . electra silently , ever so delicately open she bag , lift out she gun . bain make I shit , you sorry ass piece of mark meat ! come on , come on . it 's over ! I know it ! you know it ! we know it ! in the ... telescopic sight we watch rath step out of the bank , the door close behind he . back to scene bain smile . inside closet electra slowly rise , still watch bain . ext . plaza the sun have begin to set and the entire plaza have a deep orange and auburn cast . rath look down at the descend , white , stone step . he step down to the first stair . int . burned HOTEL bain lift you head , motherfucker . electra be stand . the gun clench in she shaking hand . bain look up here . telescopic sight the cross-hair be a " X " on rath 's head . back to scene bain look up . look at I . I want to see you face . ext . plaza rath look across the square , up the side of the hotel , at the window ; there be only black shadow . he know it be over . int . burned HOTEL bain yes . electra shove open the door , leveling the gun -- as bain turn . bain wha -- she fire . his shoulder explode , blood spraying the black wall . ext . plaza rath hear bain scream . rath electra . his eye , he whole body come to life . int . burned HOTEL bain be twist in mid-air , diving as -- she fire again , move at he . a chunk of wood explode as she miss . he fall , the burn floor shatter , char joist shear with the sound of breaking glass . she watch he fall through , hear he hit the floor below , ash and wood clatter around he . the gun train on the hole , she peer over the edge , but he be go . ext . plaza rath race wildly across the darken market square . int . burned HOTEL bain , lie on he back , aim the rifle at she footstep . bain die , bitch ! he fire , finger pump , bullet erupting through the floor around she foot . scream , she leap out of the room , into the hall . his shoulder ooze blood , bain clenches he tooth and rise , listen as -- she sprint for the stair at the far end of the hall . beneath , he move to the railing and aim at the staircase , wait , until -- electra freeze at the top of the stair , realize that they be expose . she flash she head , quickly dip back as the wall be perforated with bullet . bain fuck ! God damn bitch ! what be you do ? I do not believe this be happen ! she can hear he come , he voice echoing through the hollow building . she look down the stair , the hall , above ; there be nowhere to go . bain you be dead ! you be fuck dead ! I be go to kill you a hundred fuck time for this ! bain fire up at the ceiling , the bullet tear through the floor , whizzing past electra 's head . if she move he will know she position . he fire another . electra sink down , she back against the wall and aim at the floor . another shot . she fire back . bain close , as they both start firing , silence weapon , flash , pumping lead at unseen target . her gun empty first . he laugh hearing the click . bain game over , bitch ! rath bain ! rath 's scream echoes up through the building . before bain can target he , rath be go ; a shadow , a ghost . he scan the hotel 's courtyard . the last light from the set sun slip through the slit , crack and break window pane , casting pattern ; a surreal dream - like grid resembling a chess board . electra see she chance . she leap to she foot , throw the gun over the balcony . the two man watch the gun clatter to the floor as she race back to the room . bain fuck no ! rath grab the gun tracking bain hurl up the stair to the fifth floor . rath pull the trigger and find the gun be empty . rath shit ! bain reach the top of the stair before electra get to the end of the hall . rath see it all happen . rath electra ! bain snap into a target stance . electra be fly toward the door , she foot hardly touch the floor -- telescopic sight when the cross-hair find she back . back to scene rath electra ! time become syrup . rath down ! get down ! bain fire . electra dive . the blacken door jamb splinter -burst in front of she . she bounce , scramble on all four into the room . bain hurry down the hall after she as rath bolt for the stair . see rath expose on the stair , bain whip around and fire , the wall shredd behind rath as he dive back down into the shadow . ripping open bain 's duffel bag electra grab bain 's .22 . bain advance steadily , the rifle train on the door . Inside the room electra grunt , hurl the duffel bag out the door . it spin over the balcony and plummet to the ground and burst open . a gun clip skitter across the stone tile come to rest in the middle of the courtyard . rath and bain both see it . stay hide , rath immediately circle towards it . bain sweat , look at the door , down at the clip , then back at the door . something 's get to give . unsure what to do electra wait , the gun clench between she two hand , cover the empty , dark space of the door . bain make he choice , move towards room 502 . rath see that bain be go after electra . he take a slow breath and tear from the shadow -- bolt into the open , rath be focus wholly on the clip , the ground a blur beneath he -- bain react ; the rifle swing , rush , arcing after rath . two more step and rath dive , slide , snagging the clip as -- the rifle spit -- rath scream , he leg erupting with blood . telescopic sight the scope glide up zeroing the back of rath 's head . back to scene rath ram the clip in place . bain game -- bain squeeze the trigger -- click -- the rifle be empty . bain scream in disbelief . Rolling over , rath jack back the slide and sight the balcony but bain be go . electra search the room for a way out . keeping the gun train on the door she step carefully over to the hole that bain fall through . grimace , rath struggle to he foot . rath electra ! bain explode through the wall , char wood and plaster fly . electra spin to shoot but the floor suddenly crack OPEN , swallow she . limp , lurching up the stair , rath hear the crash . jarred by the fall , electra drag herself away from the open ceiling . rath the gun ! he need the gun ! get rid of it ! throw it ! she look up for bain but he have again disappear . she look at the gun , think , turn it over in she hand . his leg soak with blood , rath rumble down the hall . Black with soot , bain descend soundless , serpent - like to the fourth level through another burn open . electra move towards the door aim at every sound , at every dark corner . she be almost there when we see bain , a shadow come to life , emerge behind she . lumber , rath be halfway there , he eye rivete on the door to room 502 . hear bain , electra turn . in one smooth motion , he snatch she arm and break she wrist . the gun fall . rath hear she scream . electra kick at he groin but he drop , leg sweeping she to the ground . she grope for the gun when he kick she in the face , jack - knife she body back , knock she unconscious . bain grab the gun . rath whip into the room blasting -- bullet chasing bain as he disappear into a blacken hole . rath go to electra not know if she be alive or dead . gently he turn she , cradling she head , she face , smear with blood . from within the labyrinth , rath hear bain begin to laugh . bain ( o.s. ) hey ! tell I something , bobby-boy . electra come to , she eye blink open . bain ( o.s. ) be you still think that you be go to take I ? electra be try to focus , as rath listen to the voice , search the shadow but the voice seem to come from everywhere . bain ( o.s. ) no , I do not think you be . you know what I think ? the voice be closer . rath wipe the sting sweat from he eye . bain ( o.s. ) I think you be think what I be think . still dizzy , electra tap she fist against rath 's chest . bain ( o.s. ) you know what I be think , bobby-boy ?! it seem as though bain be in the room . bain ( o.s. ) you know what I be think ?! electra open she fist and inside rath see the handful of bullet from the other gun . bain whirl into view , he gun whipping around to rath who turn too slow . bain pump the trigger . one click . another . and another . the gun be empty . rath yeah , I know what you be think . he level he gun . rath game over . rath fire , over and over , empty the gun into bain 's head and chest , even as he crash through the balcony railing and fall , twist through lightless space , slamm to the stone floor dead . ext . plaza del SOL - night the sun be go , the market be close , the crowd drift from the plaza . a man and a woman emerge from the shadow of the alley beside the board hotel . although they walk a bit slow , lean on one another , they become it seem , like just another couple , arm in arm , hold tightly to each other and to a very large suitcase . fade out . the end