asylum ext - prague STREET - night a luxury police vehicle travel along a downtown street in Prague with western advertisement display . car stop at traffic light . int - police car - pavel / mira / driver - night mira and pavel be in the rear seat with uniform Driver up front . mira turn to look out of window . ( pavel blazek : 45 yr-old Czech Police Chief , smartly attire ) ( mira : Czech man 50 + year , heavy set ) int '' ext - police car - mira - night mira notice a unattend Prague echo newspaper stand which read , " FIRE destroy old secret police h.q._ it also display the slogan , " the echo - prague_s English language paper . _ int - police car - mira / pavel - night mira ( subtitles ) why be there still such headline ? pavel ( subtitles ) this press we cannot control . Americans , I think . mira ( subtitles ) you know everyone can be control pavel . where be you store the personnel file ? pavel ( subtitles ) in a building belong to the University in the Old town . mira ( subtitles ) you be quite sure it 's secure ? pavel ( subtitles ) the file be in a seal room and the University be under strict order to stay away . mira ( subtitles ) the storage facility will be ready within a week , I will call you then . pavel nod and mira tap the Driver on the shoulder . mira take a envelope out of he inside pocket and hand it to pavel . ext - prague STREET - pavel / mira / driver - night show the police car pull up . across the road be the " rokoko_ nightclub with neon sign . mira climb out of the car . the police car drive off . mira cross the street away from rokoko . show the entrance to the rokoko club . two armed foot - patrol Police officer casually walk past the club . int - nightclub - doug / katka / CHRIS / josh / holly - night a poetry evening be in progress in the dimly light lounge of rokoko nightclub . at the front -centre of the lounge be a overhead red lamp and a bar stool , beside which be stand lawrence . ( lawrence : hip-look american in early - twenty ) lawrence ....... and yes she wear you bathing suit , clad and cling round she sex and yes I think of you , when you be still a bubble of breath and hope and love , show trendy young western people converse in group and drink wine & beer . it be crowded with all couch occupy and many people lie / sit on the floor . to one side be a photographer and assistant with equipment set up . lawrence ( os ) for that that die and never lie ; to you face or heaving breast I dream of nightly between damp sheet , as I run from you and think of joleen . show audience 's enthusiastic applause . katka weave through the crowd carry two beer and a cocktail . a young man block she path momentarily and they exchange smile as she pass by . ( katka : 19yr -old beautiful Czech girl ) on lawrence lawrence okay .... the next one I would like to share with you be call , " Revisited . " a camera flash . lawrence blink a few time , shaking he head as he thumb through loose papers , drop one . show the photographer work with equipment . lawrence ( os ) Old town Square a maze of cafe Change shop offer souvenir move -walk span Charles Bridge charge a dollar a ride Fairy tale castle on the hill license to disneyland and occupy by a dreamer directing from a ivory tower built from sweat , tear and fear lawrence ( cont_d ) as part of he inheritance not content with money and mortar Pen , paper and wife to carry on and tell the tale he must aspire to great thing follow katka back to a couch and table where doug and CHRIS be sit . ( Doug : 30 year - old englishman with rugge , good look ) ( Chris : 24yr - old american , overweight ) they table be a mess of empty beer bottle , half - full ash tray & Czech cigarettes . Chris be play with a baseball . Doug finish off a beer and grab one of the new beer bring by katka . fade lawrence to background SOUND doug lawrence be get derogatory again . katka shhhhh , I be concentrate ! doug ( to Chris ) I think he 's jealous of havel . CHRIS he_s the close we have get to a intellectual . doug what 's that ? a Democrat with a attitude ! angle a female audience member who be enthrale . on lawrence lawrence ( cont would ) and from the dungeon climb to take a place still warm exchange iron clasp for gold rags for rich story yet to scribe for he a camera flash . lawrence ( cont would ) King of scribe be it a monarchy , but no he must preside over and over again a nation of ungodly saint bear again with time to die the death of a thousand evil and by they hand they will claim other guide a destiny once more enthusiastic applause and yell , some people clap . lawrence move off centre . m.c. get up from a nearby couch and go to the front and check he clipboard . ( m.c : slight -figure american in early - twenty with goatee ) m.c. great piece lawrence . okay next up be ... Holly . angle Holly and josh sit at a table on which be two glass of wine & western cigarettes . Holly rise from she seat and move past josh . ( Holly : 27yr -old american girl with understate look ) ( josh : all - american guy in early thirty ) follow Holly down to the front as m.c. move off . Holly sit on the bar stool back under the red light . holly I would like to read some prose , it do not have a title yet . Holly flick through she notebook . angle doug / CHRIS / katka doug ( to Chris ) here come she life story all twenty something year of it . CHRIS let 's hope it do not take that long to read . holly as the dawn bring the sun and life to she body make limp by sleep and the pleasure of he passion she awake , and feel she nakedness against the world and he body lie still , next to she . stain bed sheet and a pillow , heavy from sweat , be all that remain to validate he valour in night time combat . but she be not he foe , that unseen enemy he force he might against last night ; she be but a cushion for he blow . angle doug \katka \chris & fade holly SOUND to background holly ( os ) no act of love but willing violence demand by one and begge by the other . as life turn to fantasy and reality to ecstasy a need , so deep no light could reach , surface like a nocturnal creature unearth for momentary and glorious display . Left alone in a rose-tinte afterglow dimming fast she taste the moisture of she body and wonder why light come to day and such desire to she pale-skin body . doug ( to Chris ) well she sure be not normal . CHRIS Fresh from the shrink I would say ! doug yeah , group bloody therapy time . katka so why do not you get up and speak something , then we will see who be crazy . doug ooh , well excuse I . on holly holly and now as the window lace filter out a darken past she reach for she body once more . her hand glide from breast to thigh as thought of time flow by . her nipple awake and race after a conscious think of lustful moment in grassy field in time to see reality reap the earth and leave it barren . angle doug / katka / CHRIS Doug drink , Chris smoke and katka listen . pan audience . holly ( os ) she have no reason for discontent and less for hope of what love could be in a privileged world . her eye wander once more and she hand follow , down he spine . the nail that hide no blood run down the valley of he buttock , stroking electric hair that lead to he well of life and reason . as the tendon in she finger tighten she adonis wake and she eye turn to the sky and a life through netted curtain . Holly close notebook and tentative applause begin as she move back to josh who be clap politely josh when the hell do you write that ? holly just yesterday . josh shit honey , you could have tell I . people might think it 's about we ! holly maybe it be ! angle m.c. up front . m.c. okay let 's take a break there ... m.c. look at the clipboard . m.c. ( cont would ) we have only get three reader for the second half so sign - up in the break if you be interested - do anyone have any announcement to make ? a few acknowledgment be hear and a wildly - dress american girl name ann come up front and the m.c. move to one side . ann I be look for a apartment , my name 's Ann and I would appreciate any lead , thanks ! Ann scurries off . angle a girl get up from a small group of bulky young lady . girl can I just say .... we be look for nude male for we live art draw class on Wednesday afternoon , if anyone 's interested talk to we - there 's no money but plenty of vegie food and wine . cat-call and laugh from the audience as the girl sit down . m.c. anything else ? angle josh josh yeah !........................ I would just like to repeat last week note about the upcoming deadline for entry in " reflection " , the american Centre 's yearly expose of western culture here . if any of you think you be good enough and would like to see some of you stuff in print , just see I , josh . show lack of audience interest . m.c . that it ? okay , let 's take fifteen . angle audience member get up and head to the bar and mingling . on doug / katka / CHRIS . doug there you go Chris , do a bit of modell on the side . CHRIS no way , you would not catch I with a rise between my tooth and my pants in the next room . doug what be it with that josh guy ? who do he think he be shove that reflection rag down we throat ? CHRIS Son of the american ambassador and a banker - good enough ? doug wanker more like , what do he know about write . Doug finish off he beer . CHRIS how to make a buck ! doug yeah right !.... I do not know , something be not right with this place , it 's all too sterile and stage . do you ever wonder why there 's no czech here ? CHRIS because it 's in English ? doug yeah , but it 's not just that . to the Czech mind , any movement , whether political or literary should be underground . if it be not , then it 's not radical and not worthy of a look - in . CHRIS but we be underground ? doug no you do not get it . every cabby in town know this joint . so where 's the mystery , the danger ? katka why do not you read something after the break ? doug what here ? be not you listen to what I just say ? katka you use to read . doug well not any more , now I be a serious writer and above this crap . CHRIS yeah , very serious and very part-time . doug inspiration a fickle thing , you do not realise you have it till it 's go . CHRIS and not even then sometimes . katka that 's true Doug , writer be suppose to write . CHRIS and pay for they drink occasionally . doug you guy have a go a I or what ? CHRIS we be only joke ..... it be you round though ! doug well , this place be too expensive so you have have it . katka Doug , that 's not nice . you have some money earlier ? katka get some money out of a purse . katka well , get I and Chris a drink then . doug I will get the drink , but not here . let 's split . I can not stand this any more , it 's murdering my respect for literature . katka but I do not want to go , I be enjoy it . doug how about you brutus ? CHRIS sorry katka , but I be with Doug on this . doug you be outnumber kat two to one , get to go with the majority , that 's democracy . Doug , katka and Chris gather they belonging and meander through the crowded audience to the exit . angle josh argue with Holly . josh all I be say honey be run the thing past I for Christ 's sake before you get up and broadcast the crap . holly oh that 's it ? everything I do be crap ! ext - prague street - doug / katka / CHRIS - night they stand at a crossroad away from the nightclub . doug so what 's it go to be , Coogan 's or U vayvudoo ? katka I do not care . I be not stay out late Doug . CHRIS what about that squat bar you show I , be that open on a Sunday ? doug yeah , let 's check out the low-life . Chris start to walk with Doug but katka stand still . Doug turn . katka I think I will go home . Doug move close to katka doug come on kat we will just have a couple of drink . I can not just leave Chris on he own ! Doug embrace katka . katka I be not stay out late and I can not come back to you place . doug whatever ! the three of they walk briskly through Prague 's Old town street and alley . they cross a tram line . show tram stop and a corner clock , time be now 8.10 pm . Chris offer Doug a cigarette and they share Doug 's zippo lighter . Doug break away to check a rubbish skip . CHRIS anything in it ? doug no , just crap . I want some picture frame . CHRIS never hear of k-mart ? show a building under refurbishment for western client . doug I do not have the money for that bourgeois trap . Hell , I be make what a Czech earn . CHRIS yeah and they manage to go to bourgeois joint ! a old lady pass by walk a small dog . a tram pass with western cigarette advertising . doug it all come down to ideology and they have lose theirs . if I would be here ten year ago , maybe they would not be in the mess they be today . CHRIS what 's that ? free ! doug just because they have get a choice of four McDonalds , do not mean they can afford a cheeseburger . CHRIS give them a break Doug , all it take be a little work . katka maybe you should try work more and show we czech how it 's do . Doug move from katka and put he arm around Chris . doug a word of advice my celibate friend . this Czech girl look like dynamite and go like it , but do not be fool ; there 's a price to be pay and it 's go up fast . right kat ? katka what ? doug you be everything a guy could want . Doug kiss katka . they turn down a narrow street with some board up building and cut through a alleyway into another street . they approach a old decrepid apartment building , some window dimly light above . faint rock music . they pass through the heavy main door into a dark passage and enter a bar . int - squat bar - doug / katka / CHRIS - night well -lit , moderately loud music and much smoke . rough-looking bar be at one end of a room with some table and bench set up . occupant be social dregs . Doug , katka and Chris move to the bar . doug I love it ! freedom of expression suppress by mental paralysis . Doug recognise someone and go to talk with he . CHRIS ( to katka ) what be you have ? katka a coke , if they have it ? CHRIS hey Doug , you want a beer ? angle Doug shaking hand with lubosh nearby and turn to Chris . ( lubosh : Czech scraggy - haire man in thirty ) doug yeah , what else ? angle some occupant of bar . Chris hand a coke to katka and give Doug a beer . CHRIS cheer katka ! katka naz dravi !..... what do you like about this place , this people , Chris ? CHRIS I do not know . it 's kind of underground . Doug 's right , there 's too much crap in this town . katka I use to think he be right about a lot of thing but now I do not know . I think he be go somewhere but now I think I be waste my time . CHRIS no , you guy be great together . he will come through , I be sure . angle Doug rejoining katka and Chris . CHRIS who 's you friend ? doug that 's lubosh , the great fiddle player in Prague . you must have see he play with johnny on the bridge . ...... come on , let 's grab a table . follow Doug , katka and Chris to a table with black tablecloth and suspend light above . angle two guy smoking dope at the other end of the table . Doug glance at the dope smoker . doug hmm .. smell good . cheer ! doug what do the beer cost ? CHRIS Fifteen crown . doug this place be get expensive too , use to be twelve . CHRIS still , fifty cent be not bad . Doug look at label on beer bottle . angle a teenage boy strumm on a guitar in the corner while he girlfriend play with a puppy . doug you know this place could be the answer to what we have be look for . Chris spin he sign , commemorative baseball around . CHRIS oh yeah , what 's that ? doug a alternative literary venue ! CHRIS I be not sure poetry will go down too well here . doug no , it 's the whole idea behind it . how do they get this place ? CHRIS squatted it . doug right and not just the bar , lubosh and he mate take the whole freakin ' building . CHRIS so? doug well , there 's ton of empty building - why do not we get one ? Chris check katka with a glance . CHRIS we ? Doug they be Czech you be not . you can not go take people 's property . Doug take a cigarette from Chris 's pack and light it up . doug what we need be a space for real performance art . a cultural exchange for radical expressionism . CHRIS you have get to stop use that word " we " it 's get kind of scary . right katka ? katka it 's just talk , he 's drunk . doug no I be not , I come to Prague look for something - this could be it ! CHRIS he 's not drunk , he 's crazy . doug maybe , but someone 's get to make a stand . CHRIS like custer huh ? doug this guy think the West be just MTV and Hollywood movie . we have get to show they there 's more to it . Chris turn to katka CHRIS there 's " we " again . do you think he mean we ? katka shake head and take a drink . doug I have get to talk to lubosh and get a handle on this . follow Doug walk over to lubosh who be talk with jahn . ( jahn : Czech man early twenty ) on katka / CHRIS with doug / lubosh / jahn in shot . CHRIS so how 's you work ? katka it 's okay , they be training I on the cash register and after I hope to work on one of the jewellery counter . CHRIS sound cool ..... do you think he 's serious about squatting a place ? katka I do not know , I do not care . I see too much of he and he 's change . he use to be busy at the magazine . but now he 's be do nothing for month , like he do not care about anything , include I . CHRIS well , he sure seem fire up all of a sudden . katka it will not last , believe I . and you , when will you go back to the States ? CHRIS I do not know , maybe I will enrol for postgrad ' study next Autumn . on katka / CHRIS katka do you ever see marketa again ? CHRIS no , she 's a great girl but I could not keep up with she . thanks for try but I think I will stay single for now . katka you a good guy Chris you deserve a nice girl . CHRIS like you ? katka no , better than I . you know , I have many friend , you should meet more of they . Doug return to the table with jahn . doug jahn , this be my girlfriend katka and a american friend , Chris Freeman . Doug and jahn sit down . doug good news comrade , it 's better than we would hope . lubosh fill I in on the legal side of squatting here and it 's a piece of cake . CHRIS Care to elaborate ? doug well , provide we be treat like czech and we squat something that 's not privately own , we should be in the clear ; at least doug ( cont_d ) until they get a eviction order and bring in the bailiff . CHRIS ( to katka ) amazing , he do not even say " if " . doug no " if 's " or " but 's " it 's a cinch . do you want to know what the icing be ? Doug take a drink . katka no Doug , we do not and I have to be go . Doug hit bottle on the table . doug do not give I this kat , I be do it for you and you country . katka what ? you be crazy ! doug look , just hear I out , okay ? CHRIS okay , we be listen . but I be with katka on this one . doug well , it 's like I say , there 's a ton of empty building around here and most of they be apparently give back to the city , so they be not private .... now , jahn here be a drama student at the University . he know of a building that they be go to turn into a puppet theatre - they even begin work on it , until they run out of money . CHRIS puppet theatre , do not you need something a little bigger ? doug it 's big , right jahn ? jahn yeah , for sure . doug and , since it 's only two street away , I suggest we go take a look . now ! katka Doug I can not , I have get to be at work by eight . you promise to take I home . doug look kat it will only take ten minute . without jahn I might never find it ... we will just have a quick look and then you and I will hit a tram . the four of they get up and put on jacket and grab belonging . katka I do not want to get in trouble . doug do not worry it 's okay ! follow they to exit from squat bar . ext - prague STREET - doug / katka / CHRIS / jahn - night Doug and jahn walk ahead down narrow cobble street . on doug / jahn jahn the place will need lot of work , I think you might need some help . doug you mean you would like to help ? jahn no , I be a actor not a labourer , I be just warning you , that 's all . doug do not worry , I have get lot of friend . jahn direct Doug to a passage way . across the street be a building undergo reconstruction and there be a rubbish skip outside . jahn you can get in through window at the back , through here . the main entrance be round the corner on betlemska street , but it 's lock . Doug and jahn come to a halt and katka and Chris catch up . doug okay , it 's in here somewhere . let 's keep it quiet . CHRIS ( to katka ) we could make a run for it ? katka I be not go in Doug . I will wait for you here . doug okay , whatever . come on Chris ! ext - courtyard - doug / CHRIS / jahn - night there be old apartment building on two / three side and a large single level structure with intermittent break glaze and a side entrance . jahn that 's it ! jahn and Doug climb some step up to the entrance door , Chris remain at the foot of the step . Doug try to open the door . to one side be a pane - less window frame - Doug look in . doug interesting . do reckon I could fit through here ? jahn sure , I have do it easily . doug hey Chris , keep a eye on thing . Doug inch through window . once in , he light up he Zippo lighter . doug ( os ) there 's a lot of bloody rubble lie around ....... Jesus , it 's dark ! Doug put he head out the window . doug have you get you mag-lite , Chris ? angle Chris get torch out of he pocket and toss it carefully up to jahn who pass it onto Doug . int - decrepid build - doug - night Doug stand on a unprotect balcony level which be step , small - scale rubble everywhere and some rubbish . there be a abyss beyond the balcony and rough brick rear wall of auditorium . Doug move to edge of balcony and look down to the earth floor below . Doug come back up balcony and follow a side - passage down . he squeeze past some steelwork and over more rubble . a car pass slowly outside and Doug switch off torch momentarily . he then proceed along a corridor with peel paint , loose light fitting and expose wiring . he try a light switch , it do not work . Doug enter into foyer area and look down towards the lower level with it 's dirt floor . the step lead down have be partly excavate to reveal a large sewer pipe . Doug climb over pipe and walk into auditorium . doug wow ......... I do not believe it . Doug explore the auditorium space more , there be building debris , piece of wood , sheet steel and some metal conduit . Doug go back up into foyer and follow another corridor which lead up to the balcony area , but come out on the other side . he walk across balcony back to the window and check the door lock nearby , before put he head out through the window . doug you be right jahn , it 's a great space ..... hey , Chris . do you want to come and look ? CHRIS no thanks , I think we ought to get go though . ext - courtyard - doug / CHRIS / jahn - night Doug climb out through window and rejoin jahn and Chris . doug Chris , what if I be to cut you in as partner in this project - together we could make it swing , all it need be a good clean out and the power on , then we be in business . CHRIS I do not know man , I will drink beer and shoot crap with you anytime , but this be different . doug damn right it be , it 's a chance to do something meaningful for a change , to leave we mark on this town . Hell , you will probably be go in another six month and all you will have do be teach some kid the line to a led Zep ' song - c'mon , do not run out on I now ! CHRIS alright I give in . but let 's not end up in jail . okay ? doug you get my word on it . ext - prague STREET - doug / katka / CHRIS - night jahn then Doug and Chris rejoin katka who be pace around . katka Doug you say you would not be long . come on , I have get to go . now ! doug alright , I be come . it 's the perfect place jahn , thanks . doug Chris be you teach tomorrow ? CHRIS no , I get nothing till Tuesday . doug great . let 's say nine o'clock here tomorrow . catch you later partner . Doug run to catch up with katka . Chris and jahn walk off together in the opposite direction . Doug swing katka around by the waist . katka it 's not fair , you hardly talk to I tonight . doug I be sorry but it 's be a crazy evening . I be go to make that place into something big . God , I love you ! Doug kiss katka and they embrace . Doug push katka back up against a wall in the shadow and it continue passionately . katka oh Doug , stop it , I have to get home . ext - prague STREET - doug / katka - night shortly they come to the main road on the Old town riverbank side not far from Charles Bridge and they pause . doug let 's walk over the bridge , we have not do that for a while . katka we should go to the Metro it 's quick . doug nonsense , we can pick up the tram on the other side , it will not take any longer . come on ! Doug pull katka in the direction of the bridge . ext - charle bridge - doug / katka - night Doug and katka walk across Charles Bridge . show the illuminate beauty of the area include castle . some musical busker be knock out a Simon & garfunkel tune . lover and tourist pass in each direction . Doug stop katka half - way along and he pull she to one side . doug kat , I be in paradise . I do not ever want to leave . katka so , we will not be go to London ? doug no , not just yet . ext - prague STREET - doug / katka - night Doug and katka run for a tram int - tram - doug / katka - night there be a dozen or so other passengers . Doug take a seat and katka sit on he lap . tram announce next stop . a man get on with a muzzle dog . ext - tram - doug / katka - night Doug and katka get off tram , there be only two passengers leave on tram . Doug and katka walk over to a modern low-rise apartment building . doug I hope you be go to invite I in ? katka everybody be at home , it 's no good . doug let 's have a look anyway . int - apartment build - doug / katka - night katka lead Doug up the stair and she put key in a doorlock . Doug be fondle she from behind as the door be open and they enter . int - apartment - doug / katka - night Doug enter reception area as katka close the front door . angle katka 's mum in the kitchen pour some wine , she look round to greet they as Doug and katka take off they shoe . a wiener dog run to katka . ( mum : attractive 40yr- old divorcee ) mum ciao baby , hello Douglas ! katka ahoj doug hi Mrs M. katka 's mum come out of the kitchen with two glass , one wine , one whisky and head to the lounge with the dog follow she , the t.v. be on and she close the glaze door behind she . there be a bathroom , a toilet and two bedroom lead off the reception area . katka go over to one of the bedroom door and knock gently , before go in . katka ciao angle katka 's sister helena recline on one of two bed . ( helena : Fifteen yr-old Czech girl ) helena I be not move . on katka / doug katka see ! doug Max look like he need a walk , why do not you take he ? angle helena . helena he do not , he 's be ! doug a hundred crown say he would like to go again . angle helena helena I be not go ! Doug turn away to katka who close the door katka she 's tired . doug it 's bad news when you can not even bribe kid . Doug embrace katka . doug I want you so bad . she will be asleep soon , maybe we could do it quietly under the sheet . katka no way Doug , I can not . doug yeah , you be right .... I have get a idea ! Doug lead katka to the bathroom . katka dougy ? int - bathroom - doug / katka - night door be block shut with a clothes horse , on which there be some clothes and there be Doug and katka 's discard clothes on the floor . show open shower cubicle where Doug and katka be vigorously make love under run shower . erotic action with katka support by Doug and she leg wrap around he back . usual cry and murmur as steam build up . dissolve to : ext - betlemska STREET - doug / CHRIS - day Building site down the street from the squat space be active and rubbish be be burnt in a large oil drum out front . Site have wood and mesh fencing . Doug come out of passage way to meet Chris who have be wait . on doug doug have you be wait long ? angle Chris come over to Doug . on doug / CHRIS CHRIS ten minute . doug sorry , I could not resist go explore . Doug usher Chris through the passage into courtyard . ------------------------------------------------------------------ note : the performance space will hereafter be know as the asylum . ------------------------------------------------------------------ ext - asylum courtyard - doug / CHRIS - day show rear of asylum and building degradation together with overlook apartment , obviously occupy . Doug and Chris climb rear entrance stair and climb in through the window , Doug first and Chris struggle . int - asylum - doug / CHRIS - day reveal extent of loose debris and the size of the space . there be a large skylight in the auditorium , but it 's very dirty . minimal daylight . on CHRIS CHRIS some puppet theatre . Jesus , look at all this crap . Chris kick a piece of debris off over the balcony . he move towards the edge of the form concrete balcony to look down . sound echo . angle doug doug watch out . on CHRIS CHRIS I do not know man , this place be just a hole in the ground . on doug / CHRIS doug no , there 's something special about this place . it 's as though it 's live , disintegrate - you could almost chart the history of the country by this wall alone . Doug run he hand along brickwork , the face of which crumble . CHRIS suppose the roof 's like that too . angle skylight and weatherproof roof . doug no , that 's what 's be hold it together all this year , just like mother Russia . on doug / CHRIS CHRIS sure . what be we go to do with this place Doug ? it 's due for demolition , that 's why they give up on it . doug believe I , Chris . I have get a good feel about this place , come on . Doug lead Chris down one of the side corridor int - asylum foyer - doug / CHRIS - day Doug and Chris enter into foyer area , Chris try a light switch . doug that 's we first job . Doug and Chris go down into towards auditorium , over the expose sewer pipe which be glisten with liquid at one side . CHRIS that stink ! doug yeah , that could be job number two . I think it 's a sewer . Chris wipe he hand on he pants . CHRIS cool , real cool ! int - asylum - doug / CHRIS - day Chris join Doug in the centre of the auditorium and they survey the area . the balcony run on three side . reveal building material lie on the earth and a few dangle light fitting . on CHRIS CHRIS hey look , a old pay-phone . I wonder if it 's get any money in it ? Chris kick it but it barely move . angle Doug come over to Chris . on doug / CHRIS doug never mind now - first , I will find the switchboard and see if I can get the power on . CHRIS you know something about that thing ? doug no , but like my dad say , " there 's only so many way you can wire a plug " . CHRIS he be a electrician ? doug no , he be talk about girl , I think . CHRIS that make you a expert I guess . doug too right .... now the other thing we have get to do be start clear up the rubble . can you make a start on that ? Chris look down at he clothes CHRIS I feel like a mole in this joint , so I guess I might as well come out lookin ' like one ! doug do not worry , I will give you a hand as soon as I can . Doug turn to exit . CHRIS just two thing . what do I use to shift the stuff and where in hell be I gonna put it all ? doug scout around and see if there 's something , check that other corridor . if there 's nothing , nip out and buy a broom and shovel . CHRIS and put it on expense ? doug sure .... as for the crap , I have get a idea . Doug lead Chris back over to the pipe and surround large excavation . doug somehow , I be go to have to band - aid that thing since we can not really replace it and then put a walkway over it . CHRIS so ? doug well , we might as well start fill it in now . as long as you leave enough room around that end of the pipe - so I can get to it , we be set . use they wooden board to stop it all spilling into the space - we will neaten it up later . CHRIS you sure get a handle on that word " we " . Chris drag over the board close to the pipe and line they up . follow Doug to one of the corridor as he trace some expose wiring back up to the balcony area ( it lead to a switchboard which be hang off the wall ) . there be a large cable lead out of the box and through the side wall near the window . ext - asylum - doug - day Doug pop he head out of the window and see the cable run off to a meter box . he climb out . ext - asylum meter BOX - doug - day doug well , here go nothing . Doug flick on all the breaker that be off . ext - asylum - doug - day Doug walk back to window and look in . doug well , what do you know ! Doug climb back in . int - asylum - doug - day a balcony light be on and Doug go down the corridor and try a light switch which increase the illumination of the passage , although some globe do work . int - asylum foyer - doug / CHRIS - day Chris be hold a old shovel and have clear a section as Doug enter from a the corridor . doug not bad hey , I think I will add sparkie to my resume ..... good shovel ! CHRIS yeah , you be in luck there 's two of they , the other 's in there . doug later mate , right now I have get to do the lock on this door so we do not have to climb through that bloody window every time . CHRIS I think that be part of the charm ! doug I will drill the lock and replace the barrel , that way it will not cost so much . CHRIS a locksmith too ? why d' you ever bother with write ? doug I be make history Chris , nothing go to stop I . there could be a knighthood for we in this , once President havel hear . CHRIS I will settle for a pardon . you gotta drill ? doug no ..... but I think honza at the office have . you keep shifting this crap and I will take care of the lock , should not take long . take a break for lunch and I will catch you up later . CHRIS and if the police stop by - what do I tell they ? doug tell they we be work for the University . CHRIS think of everything have not you . doug yep , except a name for this place . CHRIS you be nut man , katka 's right ! ext - prague STREET - doug - day Doug walk along a cobble street , over the road and into a fairly impressive old - style apartment building . int - old apartment build - doug - day dougss office be on a upper floor in a convert apartment . on the entry door be a notice , bugler - student voice of democracy . Doug enter . int - bugler office - doug - day Decor be mostly original plus poster of Berlin Wall and american Republican Party Convention hang up . State of the art office and desktop publishing equipment . Doug walk up to the receptionist renata . ( Renata : Czech girl early twenty ) doug hi rene , any message ? angle the room . there be two other man . Renata check for message . ( honza : Czech man late twenty , tough - look ) on honza honza hey Doug , where you be ? on doug / renata doug work .... under cover . on honza honza yeah , what 's she name ? on doug / renata renata there 's nothing for you Doug . be you go to be around today ? doug no , I be too busy . be the boss in ? renata yes and I think he would like to see you . doug later . Doug join a clean - cut young man jiri sit at a p.c. terminal . ( jiri : Czech man early - twenty ) doug alright jiri , get the hang of it ? jiri shrug and continue . Doug grab a chair and sit down next to honza . on doug \honza doug I need to borrow something from you honza . honza forget it , I be break . doug no , just a drill . honza a drill , what be you up to ? doug nothing . I have get to put up some kitchen shelf that 's all . you have get one have not you ? honza yeah . doug and a fifty foot extension lead ? honza you do not have fifty foot of apartment ! doug come on , do not I give a hard time . I be just try to make the place look nice for katka . honza sure ! doug give I a break , will you . how often do I ask you for something ? honza okay , okay , but I want it right back . it belong to my father . doug no problem , be it at you place ? honza yeah . doug great , let 's break for lunch and I will buy you a beer on the way . honza but I have to finish this .... doug come on , that shit can wait . Doug help honza out of he seat and turn to head to the door but be confront by the boss , henry . ( Henry : 40 yr-old american , stress out ) angle henry henry well , well , Douglas it 's good to see you . have you stop by to pick up you thing ? on doug / honza doug no , I come to have a word with you . I have get something I think you will like . angle henry henry really , what 's that ? a terminal illness ! Doug move to join Henry . doug no , it 's a story on the cut edge of Prague 's sub-culture . if you have get a moment , I will fill you in . Doug and Henry move to he office . Doug turn to honza . doug hang five honza , I will be right with you . int - henry's office - doug / henry - day the office be a cluttere and there be a american flag in the corner and a picture of George Bush on the wall along with a large map of Eastern Europe with dot mark capital city . Doug and Henry take they seat . on henry henry so ? what have you get for I ? on doug / henry doug the inside scoop on the squat scene ! henry what squat scene ? Doug pick up a pack of henry_s cigarettes from the desk . doug you mean you do not know , Henry ! we get a bunch of anarchist , control a six - level block of luxury apartment down on janovska street here in the Old town , and you do not know about it ? henry ah , so what ? doug that 's only the half of it . I have hear a rumour they be take over a theatre to use for alternative art ; you know what that mean ? Henry shake he head slowly . doug Henry , this guy already push most of the drug in this town and now they want to move into pornography , right ? believe I , it will not stop there either , next it will be a church and pretty soon they will have they own department store or something ...... Henry , we have get to stop they . the foundation 's get to put a end to it ! henry how ? doug I be in close with this guy , it be not easy , but slowly they be open up to I . give I a month and I will blow they movement wide open . henry a month , Jesus ! and how do I know you be not crapping I ? doug you can hold back this month pay-check until I come through with the story . henry what pay-check ? you be not do nothing ! doug Henry , I have be work my tail off on this . look , all I need be a little cash to loosen up some tongue and you have get the scoop . it will send that scum -bag down for life ; be a big feather in the cap for the bugler and you board of director back home ! henry I get a bad feel about this .... how much do you need ? doug two hundred dollar , make it six thousand crown ? Henry choke slightly and get some cash out of he pocket and count out some note on the desk . henry there 's three thousand and if you do not come through , I be go throw you clean out of that window . deal ? doug deal ! Doug get up to go . henry and take jiri with you ? doug what for ? henry insurance ! Doug exit into main office . int - bugler office - doug / renata / honza / jiri - day doug go to the reception and scribbles out a note before walk over to jiri . doug hey jiri , it 's you lucky day you be work with I . here 's what I want you to do - go to this address , you will find a cafe ; a squat . I want you to keep a eye on it and put everything down in a daily report to rene . this be big , so do not let I down , okay ? just dress up smart and take lot of note .. doug come on honza let 's split , drink on I . angle honza get up and walk to Doug . Doug wink at Renata . honza so , he do not fire you ? doug no way , he even give I back pay . Doug and honza exit office . ext - betlemska STREET - doug - day Workmen be finish up on building site , rubbish be smoulder in the drum . a old lady pass by with a wiener dog . Doug 's walk down the street with knapsack on . he pass asylum front entrance and stop to look at front side and peer through door crack before move on . Doug check out a pass young lady and go around the corner and enter into the passage , go through to rear court yard . int - asylum - doug / CHRIS - day Doug be inside and walk down a corridor , there be still lot of rubble around and shovel noise be hear . Doug stumble over some rubble , he 's slightly drunk . doug Chris ! int - asylum foyer - doug / CHRIS - day Doug walk across foyer , shovel have stop and the area have be clear of rubble . doug Chris ? angle Chris cover in dust / dirt emerge from the other dimly - light side corridor . doug wow !.... what have you be do , roll around in it ? CHRIS no , just make my contribution to cultural enlightenment , that 's all . doug well , do not get carry away . CHRIS I will try not to , I will leave that to you . anyway , there 's still plenty more of it . doug good , I love swinging a shovel . Doug take off knapsack , kneel down and open it up . doug be not easy , but I have get what we need . show drill and lead , plus drill bit , a small wood see , screwdriver , plier , some lock barrel and a hammer . Chris bend down , pick up drill and stand up . CHRIS where do you find it all , in a pub ? doug no , why ? CHRIS ' cause you stink of booze . doug yeah , that be honza 's idea , I have to buy he a few beer in return for the gear . CHRIS tough break . Doug survey the foyer , pipe area and check the other corridor . doug look good , another day and we should have this place clear up . Chris shake he head . Doug move to Chris and slap he on he back and a dust cloud come off . doug you belong in museum .... guess what ? Chris dust himself off a little . CHRIS I be a idiot ? doug nope , not even close . I have think of a name for this place and you be the inspiration though . CHRIS really , " the Freeman Centre " ? doug no .... the asylum ! CHRIS oh yeah , what 's my connection to that ? doug none , it 's mine - you say it earlier , I be nut . CHRIS I have be say that since we meet . doug yes , but it suddenly click , this be go to be a crazy place and , since the commy be use to seek asylum , we can use that in the marketing . angle Chris go into the corridor . CHRIS ( os ) asylum .... Marketing .... Jesus ! Chris emerge with two shovel and hand one to Doug . CHRIS here , try it for size . Doug take shovel and take a practice swing . doug perfect , but I can not use it right now , I have get to get this lock do ; it 's a matter of priority . CHRIS yeah , I be beginning to see that . doug just save I a little patch and I will do it later . Doug pick up the drill and necessary tool . CHRIS oh do not worry . Chris go off into corridor and Doug move to the lock on the large two - panel front entrance and survey it . Doug bend down for closer look before exite with extension lead to find a socket . int - asylum - doug - day Doug fit a drill bit , triggers drill then line it up with lock and start to drill . int - asylum - CHRIS - day Chris shovel rubble / rubbish onto a large piece of sheet metal with a rope attach . drill be hear . nearby be a decrepid workbench which Chris clear . Chris pick up some tin and potentially useful object and put then on the table , drilling stop . Chris then finish shovel a load onto the sled and then drag it away towards the foyer . int asylum foyer CHRIS - day Chris enter the foyer pull the load , the main entrance door be now partly open . Chris drag the load over to the top of the step lead down to the pipe area and stop . look around he see no sign of Doug and so he exit onto betlemska Street . ext - betlemska STREET - doug / CHRIS - day show apartment above and to the side of the asylum , to the leave be another section of the asylum building . Doug study it . a window have be brick up and , further along , the probable entrance be bar . angle CHRIS CHRIS the door do not take long ! Doug look into the apartment block entrance to the leave of the asylum . angle CHRIS CHRIS lose something ? Doug come over to Chris but take a walk measure of the additional asylum frontage . on doug / CHRIS doug that 's strange , it 's as if there 's another section in here and it 's not connect to the apartment . CHRIS you mean we have be short - change ? doug I do not know but that use to be a window and I think that be a door . CHRIS can you do the lock on it ? doug no , it 's weld up !.... let 's take a look from the inside . Doug and Chris go back into the asylum . int - asylum - doug / CHRIS - day Doug and Chris go into a corridor . Doug pace around . doug it must be on the other side of this . CHRIS but how do the wall get here ? doug I do not know . this wall be not like the rest though , it 's not all that old either . Doug look up at ceiling arch . angle a rough wall joint . doug this wall look like it 's be put up to block it off . it 's not part of the building support . angle a water tap drip on a adjoin wall . doug I would love to get in there . CHRIS do not we have enough already ? doug it must be fair old size , suppose it 's empty ? CHRIS and suppose a little old lady life there ? doug no way , it 's seal - if she 's in there she 's dead . CHRIS sound like a good reason to leave it alone . doug just think though , it would make a hell of a cafe , that way we keep the auditorium clear . Doug exit and Chris follow . ext - betlemska STREET - doug / CHRIS - day Doug look over the facade again , it 's late afternoon . doug well , it 's definitely there - we have just get to get to it . CHRIS why , how in the hell be we go to set up a cafe ? doug I will rig up something do not worry - do you think I could bash through with that little hammer ? CHRIS I do not know Doug , we have not even get the place together and already you want to extend it . doug do not worry if the old lady 's there I will brick it back up . Chris check he watch , Doug head back to the entrance . CHRIS look I gotta get go , should not you have meet katka ? doug be it go four-thirty ? Chris try five - thirty ! doug uh - oh . Doug dart in to the asylum and come out with knapsack , leather jacket and take off , but turn back suddenly . on doug doug here 's one of the key , lock up ! Doug throw the key and run off , Chris stand out front of the asylum . ext - prague downtown - doug / katka - day Doug be run along a crowded shopping street , push he way past slow - move czech , plenty of window shopper and kid . he bump into a lady with shopping and try to apologise . a Prague echo newstand have headline " corrupt Minister find hanged_ . Doug run across the street , just miss a car , and along to a bar . int - cafe / bar - doug / katka - day Doug enter , katka see Doug and check she watch and give he a icy stare before look away towards the bar . Doug pass bar and barman , a Czech man in he forty , there be only one other customer in the small bar which be a glitzy place with many mirror . Doug approach katka hesitantly . katka be sit on the edge of a bench , in a small booth . Doug sit down opposite katka , there be a empty tall cocktail glass by katka - uncomfortable silence , katka be still look away . doug I be sorry !....... I lose track of time , I have be work on that building all day . the barman come over to take drink order . doug beer please ! do you want another drink ? katka fernet and tonic . momentary silence . doug so , how be you day ? silence , katka look Doug in the face . katka I think I be stupid ..... all you do be use I and expect I to wait for you . doug no . katka I think you love I Doug but all you want from I be sex . barman approach and lay down the drink doug that 's not true , we have a great time together . I have say I be sorry . let 's forget about it and go stop by my place , so I can get change . katka oh sure and you will want sex , always sex . angle the barman lean on the end of the bar talk to a customer . katka I could have my choice of many boyfriend and go to movie and discos but I waste my time wait for you and then go to stupid pub . doug I be not a bloody teenager okay , I tell you I can not do that shit . katka that 's it , I be just stupid teenager , yes ? doug right now , yeah - you be talk crap . katka start to cry . katka I want someone who love I , all my friend talk of get marry and what will happen to I ? you just use I ! angle barman look over at Doug . Doug notice barman take a interest . Doug reach out to touch katka 's arm but she move it . doug no , I love you , really . katka then tell I , what will happen ? tell I ! doug look , I love you katka but I be twelve year older , I could never marry you , it would be stupid , you know that ! katka see ! you think I be stupid , you just use I and you will never love I .... I hate you ! katka throw she drink in Doug 's face and storm off , knock Doug 's beer into he lap accidentally with she handbag . angle barman head over . Doug put back he glass on the table and get up to shake off the drink and get out a handkerchief to wipe he face . the barman look in disgust at Doug and wipe down table . Doug look at the barman apologetically . when the table be straight Doug sit back down and finish the drop of beer leave in he glass , look up at the barman who be stand over Doug . doug Bill please . barman scribbles on a chit and drop it on the table . dissolve to : int - asylum foyer - CHRIS - day show Chris enter into foyer and turn to look into the corridor where some new rubble have spill out of . int - asylum corridor - doug - day show a walkway size hole in the wall with Doug sit on a cardboard file box in the centre of the room , there be other box around he . Doug look grubby and be read a file , a couple of photo drop out . a small hammer lie on the floor . int - asylum anteroom - CHRIS / doug - day angle Chris in the " entrance " to this new area . CHRIS could not wait huh ? well , you sure do it now . on doug doug welcome to the " hole in the wall Cafe . " Chris walk into the room . on doug / CHRIS CHRIS what 's in the that ? doug just crap I think , we can whiz it . Doug empty a box of thirty 3.5 " floppy disk onto the floor . doug need any disk ? CHRIS yeah , I will take some . Doug hand Chris a bunch of eight disk . CHRIS I be on my way to class , I will stop by later . Chris turn to leave . doug do you know the art teacher at you school ? CHRIS yeah , she name 's kavlova , why ? doug see if she can donate some painting or something to hang on this wall , give it a bit of atmosphere . CHRIS you would be better off with table and chair . Doug stand up . doug well , you could try she , but I be think of stop by a second -hand place for that . Chris exit . int - LA boheme cafe - doug / holly / lawrence - day show a trendy cafe where people be have light lunch . lawrence be sit with Holly , they be in conversation , near they be a notice - board . Doug enter cafe approach lawrence . doug hey , lawrence how be you do mate ? lawrence Doug , have not see you for a while . doug I have be around . lawrence have you meet Holly ? josh 's friend . doug no! look lawrence , I have take over the lease on a theatre downtown and I be throw a party tomorrow night to show it off . it 's go to be for alternative art , but I need some help to finish it off , can you put the word out ? lawrence sure . excellent . doug here 's the detail . Doug hand lawrence a piece of paper doug I will put one on the notice- board too . holly be I invite ? doug sure as long as you do not bring that prick josh . thanks lawrence . Doug move off . on holly / lawrence holly Nice guy , what 's he get against josh ? lawrence he just despise success and society generally , it 's not personal . angle Doug move to the notice- board and pin up a piece of paper . he turn , check out the cafe occupant and exit . holly be he a actor ? lawrence no , I do not think so . holly what 's he do with a theatre then ? lawrence probably win it in a poker game ! int - asylum - doug / CHRIS - day Doug be work on the pipe , wrapping bandage soak in plaster around the crack section . half a sandwich lie nearby . Chris enter foyer area and look for Doug . CHRIS move on to plumbing huh ? doug we get a party tomorrow night . can not have the place smell like shit . Chris walk towards the foyer step . follow Chris be a half dozen year ten student carry painting . CHRIS guess what ? we get last semester 's art collection . Doug look up . doug great .... ask they to put they in the cafe , we will hang they later . Chris and kid move towards cafe as Doug finish off the pipe . int - asylum anteroom - doug / CHRIS / kide - day Doug enter , kid be lay out painting and put frame one in the corner . there be now some table and chair and a sideboard set up as a bar . CHRIS it 's really come together ! Doug check out some piece and Chris usher kid out . doug thanks kid they be great , stop by for a beer anytime ! kid and Chris exit , Doug hold a piece up to a wall . int - asylum foyer - doug / CHRIS - day Doug and Chris be in the foyer . the file box be stack in a corner . CHRIS I think you be gonna throw this ? doug I have a better idea , we will burn they . there 's a drum across the road ; I be just wait for the worker to go home . CHRIS destroy the evidence huh . doug have you ever steal anything ? CHRIS nope . doug could you handle it if it be in a good cause ? CHRIS like help a sick kid ? doug no , for the asylum . CHRIS Close ! doug just aid and abetting if it make you feel better . CHRIS what 's that , five instead of ten year jail . doug they will never get we . ext - betlemska STREET - doug / CHRIS - day it 's early evening and Chris carry out a file box out of the asylum over to Doug who be poke the fire in the drum . CHRIS last one ! they empty content carefully into the fiery drum and tear up the file - box and put that in too . Doug then tip in the remaing floppy disk . doug okay , let get some gear now . Doug lead Chris behind a fence off area of building site and point to wooden board and some two by two and four by four beam . doug perfect ! CHRIS it look new , they might miss one or two . doug we be go to need it all . CHRIS Jesus Doug , they will execute we ! doug stealing 's steal , we might as well get what we need . this will do for the floor and the walkway too . Doug start lift the end of a large board . CHRIS oh shit . Chris help lift the board and they carry it over to the asylum , Chris be look around all the time . int - asylum foyer - doug / CHRIS - night show Doug and Chris put the first board down in the foyer and exite for more . ext - betlemska STREET - doug / CHRIS - night Doug and Chris make one more trip with some beam . a old lady be walk small dog along the street , Doug and Chris duck back into the building site until she pass . a car drive by . int - asylum foyer - doug / CHRIS - night Doug and Chris bring in the final beam and the stack be complete . CHRIS let 's split . doug not yet , we need a few length of scaffold . CHRIS why do not we just take the whole damn building , brick by brick Doug . doug look at it this way , it 's they contribution . if we would explain it to they , they would probably have give it to we anyway . CHRIS so why do not we ? doug we do not speak Czech ! doug and Chris exit . dissolve to : int - tram - doug - day Doug be on a tram go along the river , it be fairly crowded and Doug be sit by one of the door . at the next stop a old lady get on board and stand by Doug and stare at he until he give up he seat for she . Czech people give Doug a suspicious look and he be harass by a small dog that keep sniff he . ext - prague street - doug - day Doug get off a tram by the river and head down side - street towards the asylum . Doug have he knapsack on and stop to light a cigarette . he pass a coal delivery and a old lady struggle to open the door to she apartment , she have a shopping bag . a couple of old car be park up and a fancy western car go by . Doug pass the street where the squat bar be and double - back to go there . Doug look around for jiri then go through the main entrance of the squat building . ext - squat house - doug - day Doug enter and cross the internal courtyard with smashed furniture and two break bicycle and a dog which come run to he . Doug pat the dog and proceed to the stair of this run-down old apartment block . int - squat house - doug - day Doug approach a batter apartment door , he knock and walk in . pan to show very squalid condition , the floor be litter with people in sleep bag and there be another dog rest with it 's owner . fabric be hang across the window . int - Pov - squat room - doug / lubosh - day show a double hot -plate on the floor with dirty pan by it and a carton of milk and a wine bottle nearby . show some rag clothes and a sleep bag with lubosh 's scraggy head poke out along with a scruffy - look young girl . they be both asleep . int - squat room - doug / lubosh / girl - day Doug shake lubosh gently . doug lubosh , lubosh . lubosh wake , but he be groggy . lubosh what ? doug lubosh , it 's I Doug . the girl wake and look Doug over and turn away to sleep . doug my squat be look great and it should be up and run by the weekend . lubosh good for you ! doug yeah , well do you think you and the guy 's could stop by on Saturday and play some tune . all the beer you can drink ! lubosh look at the girl and then rest back . lubosh okay , but remind I Saturday , yeah . doug ugh , okay ... thanks . lubosh smile and turn to sleep . Doug get up but come back to lubosh . doug oh lubosh ... if you see a young man spying on this joint , he name 's jiri and he 's cool . lubosh turn once more to sleep , Doug exit . ext - betlemska STREET - doug - day Doug walk by the building site where worker be put up a new heavy - duty mesh fence and the foreman be bark order . int - asylum foyer - doug / CHRIS - day Doug carry some scaffold from the foyer in the direction of the balcony . Chris enter asylum . doug afternoon ! CHRIS be I late ? doug no , not if you have get better thing to do . CHRIS who put a bee up you butt ? Doug swing a length of scaffold close to Chris and exit to balcony area . CHRIS like a hand ? doug ( os ) when you ready Son ! Chris pick up a length of scaffold and go after Doug . int - asylum balcony - doug / CHRIS - day show a stack of scaffold on the balcony area . Doug be measure the distance between the square vertical pillar that support the balcony edge and run up to the ceiling . on the floor be Doug 's knapsack , a metal see , two - dozen masonry bolt and a adjustable wrench . CHRIS you want that fitting as well ? Doug turn . doug yeah and can you bring the drill up too . Chris exit while Doug mark up a length of scaffold , prop it up then get the see and start cut it . Chris return with scaffold stand and joint piece and drop they down before go off again . a piece of cut off scaffold fall and roll down and off balcony . Doug get another length and saw it like the other . Chris bring up the drill , drag a connect extension lead behind he . Chris watch Doug in action . CHRIS you should qualify for some kind of award ..... I have get it , the Nobel prize for unauthorize reconstruction . Doug take no notice , finish off the scaffold . doug okay bonzo , we have get to join this piece together then stick that stand on the end and fix them to the pillar . CHRIS a safety rail , ingenious ! Doug cock a grin . doug you measure up the other side and cut the rest of the scaffold . Chris salute and Doug pick up a joint piece and the wrench . Chris wait a moment . CHRIS tape ? Doug look up , realize it 's clipped to he belt and un -clip it and throw it to Chris . Chris go over to measure distance between other pillar while Doug slot the joint piece between two length and tighten the expansion bolt . Chris get to work on the other length of scaffold . Doug hold up a scaffold stand to a pillar . doug hey .... that look high enough to you ? Chris turn from he work . CHRIS yes boss ! Doug take out a pen and mark the pillar through the two hole in the base - plate and put it down . Doug grab the drill change the bit then drill the two hole and proceed to fix the plate to the pillar with masonry bolt . Doug then drill the opposite pillar but do not fit plate . Chris take a break and get a pack of cigarettes out . CHRIS want one ? Doug blow a drill hole clear and turn from the pillar . doug no . here give I a hand with this scaffold . Chris put cigarette back and help Doug pick up the extend length of scaffold . Doug slot it onto the fix base - plate . doug just hold it up there . Doug pick up a base - plate and walk over to Chris 's end , move scaffold clear of pillar , slot on the plate and slide it into position and screw up the masonry bolt . when first rail be do Doug stand back in admiration and Chris get out a cigarette . doug here , give I one of that smoke . Chris shake he head and get packet out again and offer it to Doug who get out Zippo lighter and light they both up . CHRIS do you think anyone will really come here ? doug well , I think i_ve get a handle on the Czech pysche and I reckon this kind of joint will make _em reminisce about the sixty . plus we should get a few stray expat_ look for kafka . Doug start work with tool . CHRIS Fancy some lunch after we_re through with this meccano shit ? doug sure , I think it you turn to buy too . ext - prague STREET - doug / CHRIS - day Doug and Chris walk along a street and enter the pub U viola . int - U viola pub - doug / CHRIS - day show typical Czech pub crowded with lunchtime drinker and a accordian player . Doug and Chris sit at a table . Doug reach for two coaster and lay they in front of Chris and himself . pan to show pub and occupant . angle Doug and Chris get beer , toast and then drink hard . show pub action . dissolve to : ext - prague STREET - doug / CHRIS - day Doug and Chris stumble out of the U Viola pub and walk off . doug we would better get some booze in for tonight . CHRIS you should have say it be bring-a-bottle . doug no , I figure once they see the place and we get them a little drunk , they will all want to help . we should have that floor do in a day or so . Doug get out some money and they stop walk . doug here , let 's both put in two hundred crown . that should get nine or ten bottle of wine . CHRIS no beer ? doug not on the open night , would not look right . Doug hand some money to Chris . doug you get the wine and I will go see if I can rustle up some plastic cup . CHRIS why do not we go together ? doug no , it could take I hour . you know what it 's like try to find thing in this town , not to mention disposable stuff - I would not think they have ever hear of they . Doug turn to take off . CHRIS Red or white ? doug both , see you later . on CHRIS Chris walk off slowly down street . dissolve to : ext - betlemska STREET - people - night group of two and three , plus a few singles be enter the asylum via side door at front . Main door have be freshly paint black with " wet paint " sign stick on . int - asylum foyer - people - night people walk past foyer and go through hole into crowded ante-room . a tall guy have to bend he head to clear entrance . Music and merriment abound . int - asylum anteroom - doug / CHRIS / holly / lawrence / crowd - night Doug be serve wine into plastic cup . Chris be out collect cup around the table and come back to bar table and rinse they in a nearby bucket . there be a couple of empty beer bottle on the bar . on doug / lawrence / CHRIS lawrence interesting space you get here . CHRIS no expense spare . doug I would like to talk with you about do some performance poetry here .... a weekly thing . lawrence hmm , I see possibility but you get a lot to do . doug we should be do by the weekend . lawrence really ? doug I could pencil you in if you like ? lawrence I will take a rain - check for now . Doug move past lawrence and Chris out from bar . he be hold a empty beer bottle and opener . Doug take the chair Holly be sit on and stand up on it . he bang bottle and opener together and call attention . doug can I have you attention , please . crowd quiet down . doug thank you , thank you ........... okay , I would like to welcome you to the asylum 's pre-open party . I hope you be all doug ( cont_d ) have a good time ..... the asylum_ a free-space for perform art and we hope to share the more radical element of we culture with the czech_s and vice-versa . anyway , we want this place to be you place and together I believe we can really make a difference ... you may however have notice that there be still little work to do , like the flooring downstairs . someone in the crowd yell heckler what about a john ? crowd laugh . doug yeah , that too eventually . for that of you that do not know , the nearest toilet be in the pub around the corner . anyhow , part of the reason for invite you this evening be to ask you to help out over the next few day to get the floor do and maybe some painting too . you do not have to be a expert , we have prove that ..... so , if I could have a show of hand ? no hand go up , Holly be waver . doug I say , hand up all that willing to help out a little here . still no hand . Doug turn to Chris in disbelief . doug let I see if I understand this . you lot , think you represent western culture here and when you be give a opportunity of a life-time to prove it , you turn it down . do not you want to get you hand dirty or something , be that it ? some people begin to leave . doug I see , you have get you hand too far up you collective arse to pull it out long enough except to drink my bloody wine . CHRIS forget it Doug , it 's no good . Doug smashes he bottle against the far wall , shower a few people in glass . this start a stampede for the exit . doug go on , get out , everybody out , out . out !..... out ! Holly have move with the crowd , lawrence be still by the bar , Doug pick up a wooden chair and smashes it on a table , toss a piece after the last people exite . angle CHRIS / lawrence CHRIS all in all , I think it go pretty well . lawrence beat my performance shit . Doug collapse on a chair slump over a table . Chris grab a bottle of wine and take it over to Doug . CHRIS carpentry can not be that tough , we will do it . Doug take a swig of wine . doug have you clear all the rubble up ? CHRIS no , not yet . doug you be all bloody useless . dissolve to : ext - drama academy - doug - day Doug walk down the street and into the academy . int - drama academy - doug - day Doug stop at reception and motion to the old lady there , then hurry up nearby stair . int - drama academy danceroom - doug / jahn - day Doug enter and see jahn practise some move with another guy . show a few dance move and then jahn notice Doug and come over . jahn hi , want to take up dance ? doug later . jahn , I have be let down by the guy who be go to do the flooring . they bring the material but take my money and run . you guy have a school theatre do not you ? jahn yes , the obelisk but it 's close for repair . doug so I hear , do you know some of the stage hand ? jahn sure , they be student . doug well , I want they to put down a floor and a walkway . jahn consider . jahn what about money ? Doug get money out of he pocket . doug there 's three thousand crown , it 's all I get . jahn it 's not so much . doug look , if you can get they to finish it by Friday , you and you friend can do the open performance that night . jahn can we charge admission ? doug donation only ! and make the thing non-lingual , so everyone get a handle on it . jahn I will do my best . be the place open . doug yep , it 's all yours . jahn okay . Doug shake jahn 's hand and exit . ext - betlemska STREET - doug '' holly - day Doug be stand on a crate sign - write asylum ( 50 's american style ) with white paint on the main door . Holly walk up . Doug try to stop a paint run . holly good morning . Doug look at she and turn back . holly I think I would help out . doug we do not need you . holly that 's not what you say last night . and , I do not bring that " prick " josh . Doug get off stand and look she over . doug alright , go help Chris shovel up the last of the crap . holly thanks . Holly study Doug 's painting . holly Nice job . Holly duck in the front side - door . Doug continue painting the " l " of the sign . Cars and interested pedestrian pass by . int - asylum - doug / CHRIS / holly - day asylum be look quite neat except for excavation around pipe , which be full now with debris , and the earth floor . the ghettoblaster in the ante-room be play motivational music . Chris and Holly throw the last load of debris into pipe area and Holly pick up a broom and start sweeping up as Doug enter into foyer . Chris and Holly be very dusty , Doug toss paint tin down by the pipe . CHRIS time for lunch I think . I will get the sandwich . what would you like Holly ? holly I be not hungry , really . doug get I a couple of beer and a salami . CHRIS we could make a start on the floor afterwards . doug no , we be not go to do it . CHRIS what ? holly seem a shame ! doug the way I look at it , I have carry the camel to water and stuff it 's head under - if it do not drink now , we might as well shoot the thing and call it a day . CHRIS now , you be make sense . Chris exit towards front side - door . int - asylum auditorium - doug / holly / CHRIS - day Doug go down into the auditorium and Holly sit down on the foyer step . Doug go to the centre and spin around slowly . doug Friends , czech , Socialists , lend I you ear ! I come in peace and bring pyramid-selling . you have be freed from under that cloak of evil and corruption hear I out I beg of you . they build another McDonalds not one mile from here and plan yet more . trust I blindly . Holly smile and shake she head . doug I beseech you , look not West for guidance but to I , I be you hope , you future . follow I and you will need no other . where there be darkness , I shall put streetlight , where there be misery , I shall visit and where there be desperation , I will telephone . Holly begin to laugh . doug we shall all live as one with I in the castle and you but a metro ride away . give I a sign ! Chris come back with some sandwich and beer and stand behind Holly with two finger up to Doug . holly booooooo ! booooooo ! Doug smile and come back to join they and they sit . angle door and entry of jahn , lead a group of six Czech student carry tool and some minor building material . CHRIS I do not believe it ! Doug get up to greet they and speak with jahn . doug ( nodd to stack of wood ) well , that 's what we have get to work with , we need a walkway over all this shit . ( point to pipe area ) and some kind of floor down below ...... think they can do it ? jahn speak in Czech to group leader who nod profusely and raise a eyebrow occasionally , when check thickness of the wooden board . jahn they will do it . doug great . and you all set for the performance ? jahn yeah , it 's a simple piece . if they get the floor do in time , I and the other will rehearse tomorrow afternoon , but it 's not critical . doug do not go make it too simple , we be on the cut edge here . jahn laugh . jahn for we it 's simple , for you it 's incredible . Doug smile and slap jahn on the back . the student get straight to work , they be professional stage / set guy . Doug grab a beer and offer it to jahn . jahn no thanks , I must go , but maybe you could get some beer for the guy . doug do not worry . thanks . jahn exit . Chris and Holly join Doug . doug we be go to need more beer , get any money Chris ? Chris get a couple of crumpled note out and hand they to Doug . CHRIS that 's all I get on I ! Holly get a small wad of money out and give some to Doug . doug thanks . come on Chris , give I a hand . CHRIS I can not , I have get to split . I have to take a class at two o'clock . holly I will help . Doug check Holly with a look . doug okay , let 's go . Doug lead Holly then Chris out of asylum . angle some guy work , mark out the floor and walkway design . ext - betlemska STREET - doug / holly - day follow Doug and Holly around the corner and up the street a little to a small grocery shop , they enter . int - potraviny ( Czech grocer ) - doug / holly - day Doug and Holly fall in at the back of a three - woman queue . there be one Czech lady serve behind counter . show some shelf and basic content . there be a cold meat & cheese display unit . service be slow , but Doug and Holly be accustom . a man come in the shop and stand behind Doug and Holly . shop assistant prosim ! doug ( point to some beer bottle ) pivo ..... twenty , ugh dvacet . Assistant be not go out back and start bring the bottle out and put they on the counter . doug sac , prosim ? Assistant hand he a bag . doug derva ! Assistant reluctantly get he another bag and finish bring the beer out . Doug and Holly load up the bag and stick a few bottle in they pocket . shop assistant scheck -no ? doug ( nodd ) ano . Assistant add it all up on a piece of paper . shop assistant sto , dervat - set ossum pas-de-saht . Doug give Holly a quizzical look . Doug then show the Assistant what money he have . Assistant take a two-hundred crown note and give he some coin back . Assistant move quickly to next customer who gently push Doug out the way . Doug and Holly exit . ext - betlemska STREET - doug / holly - day Doug and Holly walk away from the shop , weigh down by beer . show old building facade and a lady walk a small dog . Doug and Holly head back to betlemska . holly why be you do all this , what for ? doug well , I have fail at everything else I have do and I can not hack it as a journalist , even for the bugler . holly what 's the bugler ? doug it 's a student magazine network through Eastern Europe and fund by Republican do - gooder back in the States . holly I figure you more as a Socialist ? doug I move more to communism now it 's die out . holly a champion of lose cause huh ? doug no , I be just run scared , same as everyone else . holly we_re not all run away doug I know , some be trap , usually by money . Holly well I have some money and I choose to be here . doug it_s the same , too much or too little , neither_s comfortable reality - wise . they turn into betlemska street and walk towards asylum with it 's sign - write entrance door . dissolve to : int - asylum - doug / student - day show a dozen empty beer bottle lie around , mainly on foyer step , sound of work abound . all light be on and the work have progress well . show some joist in place over pipe area and floor support laid out on the auditorium_s earth , the first sheet of floor board be be nail into place . it be a hive of activity with saw / hammer and order be shout in Czech . Doug bring the ghettoblaster down to auditorium and switch it on , tuning it in to a Czech radio station and turn to a nearby student ( 1 ) . doug ( to the student ) okay ? student ( 1 ) yo , dobree ! Doug head to the anteroom . int - asylum anteroom - doug / holly - day show asylum cafe and aftermath of the previous night 's party tidy into pile of bottle and rubbish . Holly be collect plastic cup . holly shall I wash this out ? doug yeah , we would better keep they for now , I will try and get some glass for tomorrow night . Holly bring out a bucket of dirty water from behind the bar , Doug move to help she . doug here , let I get some fresh water . Doug take the bucket and exit . Holly look at the artwork and sweep up a little . Doug return with water and put it down for Holly who proceed to wash out cup . Doug sit down and have a cigarette and watch Holly work . int - asylum foyer - student ( 2 ) - day follow student group leader up from auditorium . show further progress on floor and walkway . all beer bottle empty and some snack wrapper drop around . he go into the anteroom . int - asylum anteroom - doug / holly / student ( 2 ) - day Doug be dismantle the old Czech pay - phone at a table and there be a small pile of one crown coin by the phone . the place be now neat . Holly be nail up a piece of black board on the wall behind the bar , there be four bent nail in it and she 's hammer in more . angle Student 's entry . doug how go it ? Student look at Doug 's activity . student ( 2 ) it be okay ........ we will paint the wood black , yes ? doug yeah , great .... dobchay ! it will dry , yes ? student ( 2 ) yes , of course ... maybe one hour . doug good , great .... dobchay ! Student nod and exit , notice Holly 's effort . Doug cut off the telephone_s receiver and pull out some of the inner working . Doug look up at Holly , who be now wiping the board , he have a handful of the coin . doug well , we be not rich but I will buy you a beer later . Holly turn . holly deal ! int - asylum foyer - doug / holly / student - night show exit of student with tool and Doug converse with student group leader and shaking some student hand as they pass . Radio be on but now the music be mellow . student ( 2 ) tomorrow , we will bring some light and also hang some fabric . I think it will be finish in the morning . doug it 's perfect , you have do a great job . Doug slap Student on he back . doug great ..... dobchay ! Holly enter foyer from the anteroom area and Doug shake hand with the student . the Student nod to Doug and Holly and exit . Holly stand by Doug look down to auditorium , the floor and walkway be do and paint black . Doug watch last student leave and walk over to close the front side - entrance , then come back past Holly and down towards the space . Doug reach down to touch the walkway . holly be it dry ? doug yeah seem okay . Holly go to join Doug and they go down into the auditorium , where they stand close together in the centre . holly you do it Doug , it 's really come together . Doug put a hand around Holly 's shoulder , the music be now romantic . doug yeah , I have make my own nut-house Care to dance with the Doc ' ? Holly sweep into Doug 's arm and they dance . when it finish Holly collapse on Doug and they kiss , Doug hold Holly close to he . ext - police station - mira - night show a city facility in old a Soviet build facility with ageing police car out front but some new western - model car . two police men exit and mira enter . int - police station - mira - night mira walk past reception with brief acknowledgement by a officer who come to attention . follow he through a open office area with a few officer on phone , type , make note , talk together . they eye mira with caution . mira proceed to a office with name chief blazek ( in Czech ) on door window . mira enter without knock . int - police office - mira / pavel - night pavel be on the phone with foot up on the desk . he put foot down and finish telephone conversation . pavel rise and offer handshake , mira take a chair . pavel ( subtitles ) I apologise , but it be urgent . mira stare at pavel . pavel ( subtitles ) the file locate on down on betlemska be in danger . mira explode and get up to move closer to pavel , slamm a fist on the table . pavel back off a little . mira ( subtitles ) you be responsible ... what have happen ? pavel ( subtitles ) we be not sure ... mira sweep a pile of papers off the desk . mira ( subtitles ) what be you a idiot ! pavel ( subtitles ) the building have be occupy and the lock have be change . mira ( subtitles ) the University can not do this . be the room safe ? pavel ( subtitles ) yes , I think so , it be still bar , but it be not the University who be in the building . mira pick up a small bronze bust from the table and brandish it . mira ( subtitles ) so , who be in the building ? pavel ( subtitles ) some Americans ? mira slam bust on the table . mira ( subtitles ) have you lose all control of this city ? pavel ( subtitles ) I do not understand it , there be a lot of people there last night , many Americans , I believe we should move carefully . mira ( subtitles ) I do not think you realise what will happen if that file be make public . the life of thousand of officer depend on the secrecy of that record , include you own now . pavel ( subtitles ) it be crazy not to have destroy they mira ( subtitles ) that be not my decision , I can only guess that one day we will again be active and we honour restore . in the meantime no one else must know that file exist . secure the building and I will arrange alternative safe storage immediately . pavel ( subtitles ) and what of this foreigner ? mira ( subtitles ) I do not care about Americans . arrest they all if you have to , but keep that record secret . pavel acknowledge . mira ( subtitles ) if that file have be touch , I can not help you ! mira exit leave door open . pavel move to door and yell for two officer to come in . int - LA boheme cafe - doug / holly / josh / crowd - night josh be at a table and in conversation with two other westerner , they be drink beer and there be a seat free at josh 's table . Music be play . angle entrance of Doug and Holly look very dirty . pan Holly lead Doug over to josh . josh Hell honey , what have you be doin ' ? josh check Doug with a glance . holly I decide to help out at the asylum . josh see you bring one of the patient with you too . josh 's two friend laugh . Doug dismiss remark and look around cafe . holly josh ! josh well come on , sit down . josh pull out chair , Holly check Doug . holly we will take another table , I would like to talk to Doug a little more about the asylum . you ought to see it , it 's look great . Doug be impatient and glare at josh . josh yeah , so I hear . do not you think you should go get change ? holly later . josh okay honey , but do not be long . I get plan . josh stare Doug out . Doug lead Holly to a table . a waitress come to they table . doug what would you like , beer ? holly no , just a coffee . doug ( to waitress ) one beer , one coffee , thanks . waitress take off , Doug take out crumpled Czech cigarettes and Zippo . Doug offer Holly a cigarette , she respond by get out western cigarettes and they both smoke that instead . drink arrive . pan cafe and show " arty " mainly western occupant . Doug and Holly get into close conversation . int - LA boheme cafe - doug / holly / josh / new crowd - night show area where Doug / Holly / josh & friend be , the crowd around have change . angle Doug and Holly . show empty beer bottle and Doug drink another , Holly be now drink red wine . angle josh come over to they table . josh put hand on Holly 's head to get she attention . josh I think we should be go honey . holly what for ? josh well , for a start , you have get to get clean up . holly why ? josh come on honey , let 's get out of here . josh start to lift Holly out of chair . holly I do not want to go . josh it 's time to go home , Holly . Holly sink back into chair . doug why do not you just let she stay ? josh try again to lift Holly , Doug grab one of josh 's arm . doug leave off , she 's not go . josh stay out of this asshole ! Doug grab josh 's throat , josh 's friend take a interest . doug I be tell you to let she go ! josh release Holly . Doug let go of josh . josh you want to step outside ? josh 's friend get up and file in behind . holly josh , drop it . I will come along okay . I be really sorry Doug , I will see you at the open tomorrow . Holly get up and be between josh and Doug , face josh and push on he . Doug and josh be stare out each other . josh open ! he could not open a freaking envelope . Doug fly at josh over Holly 's shoulder and grab josh by the head , butt he in the nose . josh recoil and stumble back into a nearby table . Doug push Holly to one side and lay in to josh but be quickly attack by josh 's friend who hold Doug back and then allow josh to beat he up . Doug be drop to the floor and Holly go to he . Cafe staff bundle josh and friend towards the door . josh come on Holly ! holly leave I , just leave I alone josh . angle josh and friend be force out of the cafe and walk off past a window . Doug be in a mess and there be debris everywhere . Holly be use paper napkin on Doug 's face . holly I would better get you to a hospital . doug I will be okay , just get I home . int - metro station - doug / holly - night Doug and Holly come off a escalator and go down the station concourse . unattend small newspaper stand have Prague echo News flyer read " businessman find murdered_ . Holly be aid Doug and prop he up against a pillar to wait for a train . people look on disapprovingly . the train arrive and Doug stumble on with Holly help . ext / int - metro train - doug / holly - night Doug and Holly find a seat and train move off . ext - suburban metro station - doug / holly - night Doug and Holly emerge from Metro station and climb up the stair . angle some surround high - rise housing block . holly which way Doug ? Doug look up and focus in the direction of one particular block . doug it 's that one over there . Doug and Holly set off across the street in the direction of the he apartment block . there be a light foyer in the block . int - housing block - doug / holly - night Doug and Holly cross a bare foyer with a wall of postbox and some radiator . there be a enclose notice- board with some political information on display . they go up some stair to where the three elevator be , there be a Czech " not working " sign on one . Doug be propped up against the wall . a elevator arrive and out of it come a girl and she boyfriend , who look Doug over as he pass . Doug and Holly get in the lift which then move off . int - floor lobby - doug / holly - night show many apartment entrance on both side of well - light landing area with linoleum flooring . Doug struggle to get the door key out of he pocket , Holly help he open the door . pan past Doug and Holly into dark apartment with a large window straight ahead . there be a outline of a adjacent block and many light up apartment . Doug reach for the light switch and they enter . int - studio apartment - doug / holly - night Doug 's apartment have a kitchenette at one end with dirty wash - up , a small desk cover with papers and chair , a armchair , a build - in wardrobe with display unit contain book and some bottle of alcohol . there be a stereo unit in the display unit . there be a double bed and some condom , a mug and a mickey - mouse clock on the bed-side cabinet . it 's all very messy . show Doug and Holly 's entry , Doug switch on some spot-lamp and switch off main overhead light and before collapse on the bed . Holly come to he . there be curtain but they be not draw . holly ( wiping back Doug 's hair ) it 's all my fault , I be so sorry Doug . doug I have it come from someone . holly be you sure I should not get a doctor . Doug shake head slowly . holly do you have any antiseptic ?..... I will get some water . Holly get up and go out over to kitchenette there be bottle of drink water on the sideboard and a empty one . show Doug 's bloody upper body and bruise face . pot and plate clang . holly ( os ) who you save the dish for ? doug guest . bathroom door open . Holly come back from the hall - way to bedside where she sit with a small pan , a hand towel and some toilet roll . she tend to Doug . holly do not you have a girlfriend ? doug sometimes . Doug hold back one of Holly 's hand . doug could you switch the stereo on ? Holly get up and turn on the stereo , slow , easy music . she return to Doug . Doug be struggle to get jacket off . holly here , let I help . Holly help Doug with jacket . holly I would better get go , do you need a hand to get into bed ? doug sure ! Doug bend forward and put a hand around Holly and draw she onto the bed and with she head rest back , he kiss she . Holly respond passionately and Doug start to unbutton she , slowly . Doug and Holly make love . show condom wrapper and mickey mouse clock by the bed . pan out of the window to show lit- up apartment in neighbour block . dissolve to : ext - prague STREET - holly - day Holly get off a tram in the old town and walk to a well - present apartment building with a Jeep Cherokee vehicle park outside . Holly pause momentarily before enter . int - josh' apartment - holly / josh - day josh be go through some papers on the coffee table . apartment be classy . angle Holly 's entrance and show she pause in the doorway . josh wrong apartment honey , lose you way ? Holly close the door and move towards the bedroom hall - way . josh get up and move towards she , show josh slightly bruise face . josh I laid you thing out on the floor .... there 's carrier bag in the kitchen . josh go through to master bedroom . Holly be on she knee bundle clothes into a holdall . her clothes and belonging have be dumped on the floor along with loose - leaf papers with she writings on . josh that 's my bag . holly go to hell ! josh it 's more than what you be worth . holly you bastard ! josh yeah and you be a slut , so what ? Holly stuff as much in as possible in the bag and stand . josh shall I look after the rest ? holly do not you dare , I will be back ! Holly push past josh and exit , josh kick she remain belonging into a small pile and exit room . int - asylum - doug / CHRIS / student - day Chris be on the balcony area hold tool for two student who be fitting a spotlight onto the scaffold safety rail . one spotlight have already be fitte opposite it . show auditorium where three other student be use a ladder to hang some curtain leave and right of the floor area towards the rear wall , create off-stage area . angle Doug walk down into the auditorium and look around . CHRIS ( to Doug ) afternoon ! Doug look up and see Chris , some student in the auditorium look at Doug 's batter face . Doug turn and make he way up to the balcony . work on spotlight continue . angle Doug come over to Chris on the balcony area , Chris look and realise Doug 's condition . CHRIS my God ! what happen ? doug I fall in love . CHRIS and a tram hit you ? doug no , the boyfriend . CHRIS what happen to katka ? doug do not I tell you , she dumped I Monday night . CHRIS you Romeo 's sure pay a high price sometimes - anyone I know ? doug Holly ! CHRIS could not keep you hand off the hire help , huh ? doug it just happen . CHRIS she 's as american as apple pie too . have you figure out exactly what it be you despise about they ? doug she 's cool . CHRIS a fine specimen for conversion . doug what be you on about ? CHRIS well , I take it you be go to drag she down to you minimal existence and adjust she mindset . Doug move to check out one of the spotlight . CHRIS do not tell I you really be in love ? doug yeah and I get the bruise to prove it . so what ? CHRIS nothing , it 's just that 's when thing usually start to go wrong . Doug flick on the spotlight and rotate the filter selector . angle to spot on auditorium floor and pan with it , to some student work on the side curtain . int - asylum foyer - doug / CHRIS / holly - day Doug enter foyer area carry armful of rope , he look into the anteroom and notice Chris and Holly sit down talk . Doug go in . int - asylum anteroom - doug / CHRIS / holly - day angle Doug 's entry and pan as he come to Holly 's side . Doug kiss Holly 's head and she put and a arm around he waist . CHRIS so this be what true - love look like ? Doug toss rope onto Chris . doug we have get to rope off the performance area . go string it tight between the pillar . Chris rise , take rope and go to exit but turn back to look . Holly get up to embrace Doug . CHRIS what a picture ! Doug and Holly continue passionate embrace , Chris exit . doug do you take you thing over to my place ? holly uh-huh ! doug run into josh ? holly yeah , but it be okay . doug how do he look ? Holly stroke Doug 's face . holly better than you . doug hmm , I still owe he . holly why do not we both forget about he ? doug alright ! they kiss passionately , Holly back up onto a table and put she leg around Doug . int - asylum foyer - doug / holly / CHRIS / jahn / student - day Doug carry the heavy pay- phone into the foyer and put it on the workbench that have be tidy up and move to the front of the foyer . the pay- phone be now paint red and have be drill in the top to make a slot . Doug go down towards the auditorium where everyone else be . int - asylum auditorium - doug / CHRIS / holly / jahn / student - day Chris and Holly tie off the rope which cordon off a performance area in the centre . the curtain to the leave and right at the rear be up and jahn be fiddling with a small stereo unit set - up by one of the curtain . the work student have go and now there be six perform art student with jahn . the student converse in Czech and duck in and out of the curtain where they have put they thing . Doug check rope and go over to jahn . doug everything okay . jahn yes , it 's look good ..... we will use this for the soundtrack and we will have two guy up there with the spotlight . the other will just be house light . doug great .... how long will it go for ? jahn about forty minute . doug cool .... so , if we say eight o'clock . jahn nod . doug let I know if you need anything . Doug slap jahn on the back and go over to Chris and Holly . Chris be toss he baseball . doug Chris , can you do I a favour ? CHRIS what ? doug take the drill back to honza at the office , I promise to get it back for the weekend and I do not want to show my face there . CHRIS you might make Henry happy ...... sure , I will do it . doug good , and then type up a notice on you computer for tonight 's thing , photocopy it and put it up in all the faculty building and a couple of the pub . it will start at eight o'clock and the bar will be open from seven . Holly and I will go and get some beer and wine . ( turn to Holly ) can you bankroll the bar for tonight ? holly yeah , no problem . CHRIS we be not go to give it away this time , be we ? doug shit no , it will be twice cost . CHRIS you capitalist pig ! doug the performance be free what more do you want .... I have set that old phone up as a donation box and I will get jahn to write out a sign .... okay , let 's get go . Doug kiss Holly on the cheek and they move off . CHRIS do jahn 's thing have a name ? doug hey jahn ..... you get a name for this thing ? jahn stvorhene ! Doug look at Chris , Holly at Chris and then Doug . doug head the flyer up with asylum and then put debut of .... psychosis , theatre experimental . that will cover we if it flop . on the bottom put seek asylum where the star shine on betlemska . holly cool ! CHRIS right on bro ' ! Holly kiss Doug and Chris take off , jahn start play some new - age music and begin rehearsal with the other student . int - asylum anteroom - doug / holly - day Doug slide in the last crate of beer behind bar area and Holly open the plastic cap of some wine bottle with a pen-knife . holly be not you go to get some glass ? doug oh shit , yeah . can you lend some more money ? Holly dig in she pocket and get out last note . doug I hope people turn up tonight . Holly give Doug money . doug thanks , I will be right back , fancy some pizza ? holly yeah , I be starve . Doug exit , show bar set - up , rough but functional . Holly rip off another bottle - top . show a eerie-look painting near Holly . dissolve to : ext - betlemska STREET - people - night show asylum front entrance with it 's sign - write and the adjacent side - door open and many people filing in . the street be pretty calm otherwise . show a man look out of a nearby apartment with interest . int - asylum foyer - people - night show entrance into corridor and through to anteroom via hole in the wall . foyer area be roped off and a student ( 3 ) stand by it l. people be stream into the anteroom ( cafe ) which be jam . int - asylum anteroom - doug / CHRIS / holly / lawrence - night Doug be in conversation with a Czech guy . Chris and Holly be work the bar . there be a blackboard up on the wall - pivo / Beer 14 kc vino 16 kc . the occupant of the room be 70/30 Czech / western , some of the westerner be there at the pre-open party . classic sixty rock music be come out of the ghettoblaster . lawrence walk over to Doug . lawwrence dude , you really get something happen here ...... you want to talk about a slot now ? doug I be re-think the western side , I will give you a call . lawrence turned Czech huh ? doug yeah , maybe . Doug go back to a conversation with a guy , lawrence wander off to talk with Chris . show some guy smoking a joint and drink beer . lawrence be talk to Chris who be not interested whilst serve drink with Holly . student ( 3 ) from the foyer , come over to Doug and point at he watch . Doug go to ghettoblaster and switch it off . doug okay everyone it 's time for the performance . tonight , we have a very special presentation of a experimental piece title psychosis . there 's no cover charge but you can make a donation in the box as you go in and the bar will reopen afterwards . the balcony be open but , like the auditorium , doug ( cont_d ) you must stand ; please do not go take this chair ...... take you place now , it start in five minute . people start to file out , Doug and Holly come together for a kiss and Chris come out from behind the bar . Doug and Holly be the last people out through into the foyer . int - asylum foyer - doug / holly / student ( 3 ) - night people be make there way to the balcony and down into the space and around the roped off area . Doug and Holly stand by the student who be guard the pay-phone box which now have a Czech / English donation sign by it . Doug walk down towards the walkway with he arm around Holly . int - asylum - CHRIS / people / performing student - night show some of the performance which be essentially the group represent a " organism_ up against the rear wall that break up into individual represent the seven sin which , one by one , fire up and express themselves before come back to the " organism_ and die . angle Chris look on squeeze between some girl against the rope . Music be new age and the spotlight track the action and change colour . int - asylum - doug / holly / people - night Doug and Holly sit on the lowest of the foyer step along with some other , they be watch intently . foyer be in the background . student ( 3 ) from the door have go . ext - betlemska STREET - student ( 3 ) / pavel / police - night the Student be urinate between some park car and commando- style police be move cautiously along the street to the entrance of the asylum . the student be grab from behind and drag away . Police group around the side - door and one speak into he radio . pan to show police van and car move silently down the street . a one hundred yard strip either side of the asylum be cordon off and pavel emerge from a car . Police everywhere . int - asylum auditorium - occupant / police - night the " organism_ be fire up in rage with the music tracking . show Doug and Holly and the foyer area behind they , down which mask police commandos suddenly run ..... mayhem , Doug , Holly and other be hold at gun -point while Police secure the auditorium , disrupt the performance and shove people up against the rear wall . curtain be tear down music stop when stereo be kick . Police yell in Czech and English . policeman you be all under arrest .... stay where you be ! int - asylum anteroom - pavel / police - night pavel inspect the hole in the wall before enter the cafe area , he look around in amazement and throw chair aside as he anger swell . int - asylum - doug / holly / police / people - night Doug get push back against a wall . doug what the hell 's go on ? ..... you can not do this ! people stream down from the balcony area escort by police who direct they down to the auditorium . Doug and Holly be shove in the direction of the auditorium and people comply with order and form line against the rear wall . Chris be a distance from where Doug and Holly line up . a policeman talk into he radio . angle pavel 's entry into foyer and down towards auditorium , accompany by two senior officer , he storm down to the auditorium . int - asylum - occupant / pavel / police - night pavel bark some order in Czech and the rest of the people from the balcony be shove to the rear wall . gun be draw . pavel silence ......... silence ! people quieten down and listen . pavel I want that responsible to step forward .... now ! angle Chris who look to doug. Doug and Holly look at each other . pavel if that that be responsible do not come forward , you will all be arrest . people look at each other . suddenly Chris step forward and be soon follow by some czech . Doug notice this and push he way forward with Holly try to hold he back . Doug get close to pavel but be block quickly by police . Chris and some other try to grab he back . doug it 's I you want , I be responsible for all this . CHRIS he 's lie ! I be . jahn and some of the czech try and move further forward but be hold back as be Holly . doug shut up Chris , stay out of it . jahn , tell they to stay back , do it ! Holly try to get to Doug . pavel order he man to bring Doug to he . pavel this be you do ? doug yes , they have nothing to do with it . pavel and you break into that room ? doug that 's right . pavel you will wish you have not . doug fuck you ! pavel strike Doug across the face . holly Doug ! pavel ( to the restrain Officer ) ( subtitles ) take he to the station ! Doug be hand - cuffed and drag off . pavel turn to one of he senior officer . pavel ( subtitles ) take the detail of all this people before release they . search the building , secure it and then report to I . Officer stand to attention and nod , pavel turn and exit . show the downcast people and Chris move over to Holly who be cry . ext / int - betlemska STREET - doug / police - night Doug be in the back seat of a police car and look out at the asylum , the car drive off and be let through the cordon . show pavel 's exit from the asylum , he walk to he smart western model police car . his driver open a rear door and pavel get in and give order to the driver before be drive off . angle commandos wind down and regular officer enter the asylum . int - police interrogation room - doug / pavel - night Doug be sit on a chair in a bare room with he hand hand - cuffed behind he and a strong light overhead . Doug 's mouth be bleed and he head be slump . there be a officer stand behind Doug . pavel be smoking a cigarette and pace around , he acknowledge something Doug have just say and address the Officer . pavel ( subtitles ) have someone go to betlemska and locate that drum . Officer hesitates . pavel ( subtitles ) now ! pavel look at doug. pavel be you quite sure you destroy all the file and the disk ? Doug nod slowly . pavel why do you break into that particular building ? doug it be the biggest I could find . pavel what be the real purpose behind this venture ? doug a kind of freedom . pavel either you be a liar or you be a fool . pavel go to Doug to offer a cigarette . pavel go on have one , it will be a long night . Doug open he swollen lip and take the cigarette which pavel light . Doug soon slump and the cigarette fall to the floor . dissolve to : int - jail interview room - doug / diplomat - day a british consular official sit at a table with vacant chair on the other side . bar on window and daylight outside . angle door open and Doug be lead in by a police officer , Doug be hand - cuffed and walk to chair and sit down . the Officer stop a moment then exit . doug good morning . diplomat I be just here to record some detail , standard stuff . doug you mean you not go to spring I ? diplomat shake head . diplomat I do not know what it be with you bloody hooligan . not content with cause trouble back home , you idiot have to go off and wreak havoc throughout the whole of Europe . and when finally , the police do catch up with you , you expect we to wave a magic wand and get you out , well not this time , I be sorry . doug so be i. diplomat now - you name be Douglas greenwell , yes ? doug yes . diplomat date of birth , November the fourth nineteen-sixty - two . doug yes . diplomat you home address be 18 thornton Avenue , Coventry . doug that 's my mum 's . diplomat I see , would you like we to inform she of you situation ? doug no ! diplomat now , have you be read you rights and be you aware of the charge ? doug no ! diplomat well , I will try and get that clarify . as I understand it though , the charge include break and enter , theft , trespass , operate a unlicense facility , vandalism and destruction of government document - whatever possess you to start destroy people 's medical record ? doug they do not look like medical file to I . diplomat well a plea of ignorance will not go far here . frankly , I think you deserve everything that 's come . doug regards to her majesty . Doug get up , walk to door and knock on it . diplomat be still fill in some detail when a Officer come in . diplomat before you go , do you get that bruise here ? doug sure , they want to know if I ever vote Conservative . Doug and officer exit . show diplomat shaking head and slide papers to the bottom of a already full briefcase . int - courtroom - doug - day Doug be lead into the room hand - cuffed and he be show to a table where there be two men sit . Doug look tired . courtroom be small , modern and functional with bar window and Communist icon still in place together with a Czech Republic flag and coat of arm display . there be a judge drink coffee flanke by two advisor and nearby be clerk and a stenographer . adjacent to Doug 's table be another table with a civilian , who be the prosecutor , and two police officer . the man next to Doug introduce himself . ( jaroslav : weaselly Czech man in he thirty ) jaroslav ( to Doug ) my name be jaroslav novak , I will be you translator . jaroslav gesture to a man at the table who be go through some papers . jaroslav this be petr vitovetch , he will represent you . ( petr : unpleasant -look Czech professional in he fifty ) doug about time I see a lawyer . ( to petr ) we have get some serious talk to do . petr do not respond and Doug look back at jaroslav . the judge call petr to the bar and they talk casually . the stenographer take note . occasionally they look at Doug and be join at the bar by the prosecutor . they continue discussion and refer to the advisor who check through some book . doug ( to jaroslav ) any chance of get I out on bail ? jaroslav what be bail ? Doug shake he head . doug will they free I ? jaroslav I do not know - maybe they be talk about it now . Mr vitovetch be a good friend of the judge . doug will this thing take long ? jaroslav no , it should be over soon . doug you mean it 's start ? jaroslav of course , you can see that lady over there , she be recording everything . doug how do I know what 's be say ? jaroslav I will tell you - within a week I will have the transcript and we can go through it . Doug shake he head in disbelief . petr come back to the table and talk with jaroslav . petr ( subtitles ) he be in big trouble , the judge will hang he out to dry , but tell he he have nothing to worry about . the trial will be in two week and he must stay in police custody till then . here be the charge . petr hand jaroslav some papers , show judge exite . petr join up with the prosecutor and they leave together . jaroslav be still talk to Doug who be now stare away , he guard wait nearby . int - josh' office - josh / holly - day corporate office - first american investment banker . Holly wait in the reception area with a empty coffee cup by she side . josh come down the hall and past receptionist , Holly stand . josh honey what a pleasant surprise , sorry to keep you wait . holly josh , I have to speak you , it 's urgent . josh of course darling , you would like to apologise ? holly can we talk in you office ? josh nod and Holly head off in the direction of he office . josh ( to receptionist ) hold all my call and book I a table for lunch at luigi 's . receptionist acknowledge and josh go off down the hall . int - josh' office - josh / holly - day classy office with lot of leather and wood . Holly sit down on one end of the couch clasp she hand , knee together . josh enter the office and close door , he go to he desk , a distance from Holly . josh so , what have you get to say for yourself ? be he good in bed ? holly josh , I need you help . Doug 's be arrest , he 's in big trouble . I think maybe you father and the embassy might be able to do something . josh you really be a piece of work , you know that ? you walk out on I and my family for some worthless bum and you expect we to help he when he screw up . josh laugh and shake he head , Holly get up to leave . josh suppose I do help he ? Holly turn back to josh . josh will you come home and forget all about he ? holly yes , if you can get he free . josh alright , I will see to it and thing will be just as they be , okay ? josh come over to Holly and move a hand down from she head to a breast . josh deal ? Holly nod with tear in she eye and josh pull open she blouse and then move back she head to kiss she . int - police cellblock - doug / CHRIS - day Doug be share a cell with a elderly man . cell - mate be play chequer on he bed , Doug be use a spoon to make carving on the wall . there be metal plate on a small table . daylight come in through a small bar window . Chris enter the cellblock with a guard open / close bar door behind he and come down the corridor . show some assort other detainee . Chris walk straight up to Doug 's cell but slow a little as he approach . Chris be carry a copy of the " Prague echo " . CHRIS I think I would find you here . Doug turn slowly . doug Chris ! tell I some good news . doug tell I some bad news ? CHRIS I do not want to ruin you day . doug that bad ? CHRIS you too good for this town , buddy . doug so I hear . CHRIS huh ? doug I have a visit from the british embassy . they think I be a stray soccer hooligan . CHRIS they be not the only one . Chris pass newspaper through bar . CHRIS I stop by you office . Henry be steaming , he say he 's go to throw you out of the window and that you never work at the bugler . doug he get that one right . CHRIS honza say they will print a open letter to President havel in next week edition even if they have to threaten a walk - out . Doug go back to he bed . doug they be good guy ..... have you see Holly ? CHRIS no , but I run into jahn , seem he and he friend be in big trouble with the University , they might even be expell . doug damn ! CHRIS do you see a lawyer and go before a judge ? doug yeah . I tell you , they be one big happy family over there . CHRIS what happen ? doug I do not know , I be wait for the transcript . CHRIS you be kid . doug well , the trial 's in two week , but I think they have already sentence I . they just need to check if siberia can slot I in . CHRIS we gotta think of something . doug now you be use that word . CHRIS I could try and get a western lawyer . momentary silence . doug you know , there be one thing I can not figure out . all along they have be bugging I about that file and when I tell they I would burn all that stuff , they go nut - they tell the consul guy they be medical record ? CHRIS so ? doug well , it seem they have drop any charge relate to the file . CHRIS lucky break ! doug maybe , but I have start to wonder what that file be all about . suppose it be old kgb stuff and have the dirt on big people or maybe the personnel record of the secret police , that might explain all the hassle and the cover-up . CHRIS do you see anything in the file ? doug it be all in Czech be not it . doug what happen to that disk I give you , have you still get they ? CHRIS yeah , somewhere ? doug suppose that contain all the file info too ? you could have a third or so of it there . CHRIS do you want I to see what 's on they ? doug no point , it will be in Czech and God know what format . but if I be right , they could be my ticket out of here . CHRIS and if you be wrong . doug siberia . CHRIS what do you want I to do ? doug get I one of the disk . ask a Czech girl to smuggle it in to I this evening . put the other in a locker and write the detail in a note to Reuters and be ready to send it , if this do not work . you would better keep clear of you apartment too . do you know someone with a phone ? CHRIS yeah , Dave Walters . doug good , what 's he number ? Chris get out little address book and flick through it . CHRIS it 's ...42 56 76 . doug 42 56 76 ......... okay , you wait at Dave 's for my call tomorrow , if you do not hear from I by three o'clock , send that note and get out of the country fast . CHRIS Doug , I can not just leave you ! doug you be in the clear , keep it that way , I will be okay . Chris look at cell and Doug 's cell - mate . doug if I cut a deal , I be not stay in this country and I want Holly to come with I . so , if she do not come here today , you be go to have to get she to I tomorrow ; after I call , promise ? CHRIS sure .... anything else I can do for you ? doug you could give I you baseball , so I can drive this bastard nut ..... he 's be play chequer for eight hour and still have not win a game . angle cell -mate struggle with next chequer move . Chris reach into he jacket pocket and get out the baseball and hand it through bar . doug thanks , now get lose . go on ! Chris turn and go off along corridor , the baseball be hear bounce off the cell wall over and over again . dissolve to : int - police cellblock - katka - night katka be in the receive area of the cellblock and a police officer ( 1 ) be search she while another officer ( 2 ) sit nearby go through she handbag . Officer ( 1 ) lift she skirt to show he partner she bottom . officer ( 1 ) ( subtitles ) not much in that ! the officer laugh and katka smooth down she skirt and take back she handbag . Officer ( 1 ) then open the door into the cellblock for she and she pass through hurriedly . int - police cellblock - doug / katka - night katka walk along the cellblock corridor check the cell before arrive at Doug 's . he be look better physically and be read a newspaper , he cell - mate be rest and the baseball be on the table along with the chequer board and piece . doug kat , what be you do here ? Doug get off bed and come over to the bar . katka Chris come to see I , I do not know this have happen to you . he ask I to give you something . katka look around to see if anyone be watch , then reach under she skirt and pull out a floppy disk . katka I think for sure they would catch I . doug thanks . Doug put disk in he trouser pocket . katka will it help to get you out ? doug I hope so ! momentary silence . katka if you get out can we be together again . doug I be no good for you katka , besides I will not be able to stay in Prague . katka but we could go to London and live in England . doug no kat , I lie to you , I hate England and I do not ever want to live there again . katka I do not understand , it 's you home ? doug there 's nothing there for I . katka I be sorry about what I say , really I be . just take I with you , I do not care where . Doug walk away from bar . doug forget about I kat . katka but I love you ! Doug come back to the bar . doug it be a mistake , I never want to hurt you , but it have to end sooner or later and now , well now I love someone else . katka no , it 's not true , you be lie . doug not this time , kat . katka 's hand be on the bar and Doug come back and hold they , they kiss through the bar . the cellblock door open and there be a clink of key as the officer come through . officer ( subtitles ) time up , come on , get out . Doug break and katka look at the Officer . doug bye ! katka give Doug a last tearful look before run off down the corridor and exite . dissolve to : int - police office - doug / pavel - day pavel be on the phone when there be a knock on he door and Doug be lead in by a Officer and sit down opposite pavel at he desk . pavel signal Officer to leave and finish he phone conversation . Doug be look okay physically , a few facial mark only now . pavel enjoy we hospitality ? doug no ! pavel we will have to see what more we can do for you , while you be still we guest . doug thanks , but I do not intend to stay . pavel really ! doug I lie to you , I do not destroy the floppy disk . pavel smile . doug they be go to be on they way to Reuters this afternoon if I be not release by two o'clock . pavel laugh softly . pavel good try Mr. greenwell but a little late . we have analyze the content of that drum , the remain of the disk be there , just as you say . doug not all of they ! Doug get a disk out of he pants and toss it on the table , pavel pick up the disk and inspect it . doug it 's original and I have get seven other . now , do we talk or do we let Reuters figure it out ? pavel lay disk on the table and get up from he chair and look out of window , before turn back to Doug . Wall clock say ten o'clock . pavel you be play a very dangerous game , I suggest you make it easy on yourself and tell I where they be . doug I do not get to see what 's on the disk but I can guess . do you want to hear my term or not . pavel pull he pistol and sit down , rest the gun on the table . doug look , I do not know where the disk be , but if I do not walk free within four hour , Reuters will get they . momentary silence . pavel what be it you want ? doug first , I want to walk free with a letter , in English , from the prosecutor General drop all charge . second , I want two first class ticket to London leave tonight and three thousand crown in a stamp envelope . lastly , all action against the student be to be stop ! pavel toy with the gun and , look at Doug , slowly shaking he head . pavel I be not sure it 's possible . doug the choice be yours , it 's not negotiable . Doug motion with head towards the clock . doug the clock 's run . pavel hit one of a row of button on he desk and a Officer come in . Doug and pavel exchange icy look and Doug be lead away . ext / int - police office - pavel / mira - day pavel and mira be in heat discussion , mira be move around the room . int - police office - pavel / mira - day mira be now seat and pavel be up against the window . pavel ( subtitles ) and there have be enquiry from the american embassy maybe they be involved ? mira ( subtitles ) all the more reason to eliminate he . pavel ( subtitles ) what if he accomplice have make copy ? mira ( subtitles ) it be all on a Russian format , I do not think that would be so easy ; we must take that chance . pavel take he chair and contemplate . mira ( subtitles ) I will have the letter draw up . you see to the money and the ticket , then mira ( cont_d ) speak to Dr. novotny at the University , mention my name if you must . pavel nod . mira ( subtitles ) delay Mr greenwell 's departure until the disk have be locate and you have notify I . then , have one of you officer drive he home - I will see to the rest . pavel ( subtitles ) very well . mira subtitles ) you have make many mistake pavel , let there be no more , for you sake . mira exit , pavel look down at he pistol . int - cellblock - doug / pavel - day pavel enter cellblock with a police officer and come down the corridor to Doug 's cell . the Officer unlock the door and swing it open . Doug be lie on the bed toy with the baseball and swing around to sit on the edge of the bed . the cell - mate be pick at he toenail . pavel you be a very lucky man Mr greenwell . Doug acknowledge . pavel we agree to you term , here be the letter . pavel hold out fold letter , Doug get up and walk over to take it and then read it . doug I be free to go ? pavel get out a envelope and two airline ticket . pavel as agree ! Doug take ticket and check money in the envelope before sealing it . doug and the student ? pavel I have the director 's word , there will be no action against they . you may go once we have the disk . doug how do I know this be not a trap ? pavel you have the letter and my word , if you wish you may wait upstairs .... now , where be the disk ? doug I will need to make a phone call . pavel you may use my office . Doug walk out of cell and follow pavel up the corridor . int - cellblock receiving area - doug / pavel - day Doug and pavel enter into the area from the cellblock follow by the officer ( 1 ) . there be another officer ( 2 ) loung in the area and he get up as they enter . door be lock behind they . pavel would you like you thing now ? doug yeah ! pavel ( subtitles ) release Mr greenwell 's possession . officer ( 2 ) flip up the counter desk and go behind a screen area with shelf on which be large clear plastic bag with belonging . he get a bag and bring it to the counter . Wall clock show time be 1.30 officer ( 2 ) empty bag onto counter and put forward a docket to be sign . content include leather jacket , belt , shoe lace , Czech cigarettes , knapsack and some change . Doug put on jacket and stuff other thing in the pocket except belt which he put on . doug hey , where 's my Zippo , my lighter ? pavel look at Officer ( 2 ) . pavel ( subtitles ) give he he lighter ! Officer ( 2 ) get Doug 's Zippo out of he pocket and put it on the counter . Officer ( 2 ) motion to the docket . pavel ( indicate to Doug ) please sign for you thing . Doug sign docket and pavel lead off into the office with Doug follow , leave the two officer argue with each other . int - pavel' office - doug / pavel - day pavel lead Doug through the open office area , with police officer in various state of activity , into he office . pavel go to he desk and slide the phone across the desk . Doug move forward and pick up the receiver . Doug hesitates , pavel be look on . doug do you mind turn away for a moment . pavel turn to the window , Doug dial a six - digit number and pavel turn back . doug ( into telephone ) yeah , everything 's okay ...... when they have get the disk ........ give it to I ....... Doug pick up a pen and scribbles something on a document nearby . doug right . have you see Holly ?...... try she at she old apartment maybe she go to collect the rest of she thing . ..... just tell she we have get to get out , I will be at my apartment within a hour . ........ I hear Poland 's pretty laid back . ........ look I up in krakow ...... no , we do a hell of a job .... thanks , take care . Doug put the phone down and slide the document with scribble over towards pavel . doug Central station , locker number 139 - combination JFK . pavel good , wait here , it will not take long and then you may go . pavel exit office , close the door . Doug get out the envelope with the money in and write on it " bugler " , name and address , attention Henry whittaker . Doug then put the envelope back in he jacket pocket and move to the window . int - josh' apartment - CHRIS / holly - day Holly be slump on the couch with a comforter and the telephone have be drag over and be on the coffee table , but off the hook . door bell chime . Holly think twice about get up , it chime again , she go to front door and open it . Chris barge straight in . CHRIS what 's the idea of hang up on I ? Holly retreat to far end of room . holly I can not go with he . CHRIS look , I do not care whether you go with Doug or not , but you_ve get to see he before he leave . Chris make a move towards Holly , who be break down . holly you do not understand , I can not ! CHRIS listen , Doug take the rap for we all so grab you coat ' cause you be go . Holly push past Chris and collapse on the couch . holly I make a deal with josh . CHRIS what ? holly it be a condition of get Doug out . CHRIS what be you talk about ? holly in return for Doug 's freedom , I be never to see he again , I have to - it be he only chance . CHRIS josh do not get Doug out of jail , he do a deal in return for some computer disk we would hold onto . Holly spring up off couch . holly you mean , josh 's father have nothing to do with it ? CHRIS no ! holly you be sure ? CHRIS sure I be sure ! Holly grab Chris . holly where be he ? Chris check he watch . CHRIS well , he should be on he way back to he apartment by now . holly do you know the way ? CHRIS sure , it 's on the red metro line you .... holly no , by road ? CHRIS yeah , pretty well . holly good we will take josh 's Jeep , come on ! Holly drag Chris and they fly out the door slamm it behind they . ext - prague STREET - CHRIS / holly - day with Holly drive the Jeep Cherokee they pull out of the parking spot and screech off down the street . the jeep weave past traffic and take a major arterial road . int - pavel' office - doug / pavel - day show wall - clock , time be 2.50 Doug be sit in pavel 's desk chair . pavel enter the office with a Officer . Doug swing around to face they . pavel have seven floppy disk in he hand . Doug stand up . doug it 's be nice know you . the Officer be in the doorway and block Doug 's way . doug we have a deal ! pavel yes , you be free to go , karel here will drive you home . Doug check the Officer . doug that 's okay I like the metro , it 's only a couple of stop from here . pavel I insist , it be the least we can do . Doug acquiece . pavel I strongly advise you to be on that plane this evening . pavel nod to the Officer . pavel Goodbye Mr greenwell . Doug shove past the Officer and exit with the Officer . pavel look at the disk in he hand . ext - police station - doug / officer ( karel ) - day Doug and the police Officer exit from the police station , there be a postbox on the wall nearby . Officer lead Doug over to a old police car . Doug notice mailbox and get out the envelope from he jacket . doug ( motion to postbox ) okay ? Doug do not wait for answer and post letter , Officer follow a little and watch cautiously . Doug come back and they get in the car and drive off . ext / int - old police car - doug / officer ( karel ) - day they drive through suburbia . Doug be check out the Officer , car interior and pass scenery . Doug get out cigarettes and lighter and motion to the Officer . doug mind if I smoke ? officer ( subtitles ) no thank you . Doug realise the Officer do not understand English . doug well , you be all moron Officer nod take it as a compliment . doug in fact , I would say that you be the dumbest brick -head I have ever meet and that you boss be a real bastard . Officer be wary now . Doug reach into he knapsack and get out a Czech / English dictionary and lift it up to the Officer and motion as though it a gift . doug I insist cretin , take it . go on and look that up while you be at it . Officer take book and place it in the door pocket . officer ( subtitles ) thank you . int / ext - jeep - CHRIS / holly - day Holly be drive vigorously . Chris struggle to get the seat - belt on . CHRIS take this exit . holly that one ? CHRIS yeah ! Holly brake sharply and cross two lane of traffic . ext - prague street - CHRIS / holly - day they continue in the Jeep away from the river and into suburbia with architecture turn from historic to modern Soviet functionalist design . Jeep pass through a red light at some crossroad . int / ext - jeep - CHRIS / holly - day Chris be hold onto the dashboard . CHRIS take it easy , or Doug will be visit we in jail - or worse , hospital . Jeep swerve around a car which be blast it 's horn . CHRIS Jesus Holly , we get enough time . holly okay , but I do not want to miss he . CHRIS follow that budjovice sign . the Jeep take a turn at speed . ext - prague STREET - CHRIS / holly - day they travel towards a district of high - rise " panelak " apartment , the Jeep overtake a tram and brake sharply for a old lady at a crossing . ext - housing estate - doug - day the police car with Doug in it pass a metro station and pull into the car park of a large housing estate with a couple of dozen car in it . the police car stop and , after a few moment , Doug get out and slam the door - the car drive off . Doug turn and start wearily towards he apartment building entrance . angle two men in the entrance doorway . Doug get close to the entrance and the two man come out and focus in on he . Doug stop , look at the man and glance around . Doug turn around and the two man reach for gun under they jacket . they aim to shoot at Doug as he take a run leap between two park car nearby . the man take a few step and shoot at Doug one after the other . Doug get up and make it to another row of park car and look back to see the man in pursuit . Doug make he way between some car . as he put he head up to locate he attacker he be shot at and duck down again and keep move . ext - housing estate - holly / CHRIS - day the Jeep approach the entrance to the car park . int / ext - jeep - CHRIS / holly - day still drive at speed , along the estate 's street . holly it 's that one be not it . CHRIS yeah .... shit , that guy have gun . Shots ring out . CHRIS there shoot at something . holly Doug ? CHRIS turn around quick ! Chris wind down he window . ext - housing estate - CHRIS / holly - day Holly swing the Jeep around and head straight for the two men . ext - housing estate - doug - day Doug be at the end of a row of car with no more cover nearby . the two men be on the other side come down the row , check it car by car . Doug look around and get ready to make a run across the open space . hear the screech of the Jeep he look up . the man see Doug and take another shot at he before one of they move to get a clear shot at he . one of the man turn as he hear the Jeep come right at he . int / ext - jeep - CHRIS / holly - day CHRIS it 's get to be Doug . take that guy out ! the Jeep just miss one of the two men and a man dive clear . CHRIS ( point ) there he be ! CHRIS Doug ! ext - housing estate - doug / CHRIS / holly - day the Jeep skid around the end of the row of car and Chris throw open the rear door . Doug look over to the Jeep . the second of the two men move clear of the car and take another shot at Doug . CHRIS come on ! Doug make a run and another shot ring out . he dive into the rear seat and the Jeep screech away . the two men shoot at the Jeep . one of the Jeep 's side quarter - window be blow out and a side quarter - panel take a hit . the two men run after the Jeep and take final shot . show a Czech couple look on . aerial view show bleakness of the surroundings and the Jeep speed off . int / ext - jeep - doug / CHRIS / holly - day Chris check Doug over who be lie down try to catch he breath . doug God , I think I need a holiday . CHRIS some deal you do there ! doug I should have read the fine print . ( lean over to Holly ) I love you Holly , thanks . Doug reach over and kiss Holly . the Jeep screech to a halt and Holly turn around to embrace Doug . CHRIS what about I ? doug here ! Doug get the baseball out of he pocket and put it in Chris 's face . CHRIS come on guy 's let move it , please . Holly accelerate the Jeep away . doug where do you steal the car ? holly it 's josh 's . doug cool .... either of you know the way to krakow ? CHRIS no , want I to ask a cop ? Doug put he arm over Holly 's shoulder . doug just hit it ! Holly turn on the stereo . ext - prague STREET - doug / CHRIS / holly - day rolling shot with Jeep accelerate away along main suburban road into the set sun . aerial shot show Jeep drive along arterial road with Prague 's Old town in the background . fade out : asylum / Jason godwin