at first sight ext . valley - dusk gold light dapple across a valley that seem to reach on forever . we ease back , revealing more - take in the visual feast - finally discover a seat figure face out over the valley - a dog at he foot . virgil anderson , life ahead of he - someone seemingly at ease with himself . as we watch . he a moment - sound become prominent - whistle of the wind through the grass - a bird 's wing as it take flight - a tree branch creak under its own weight . and as he sit there , listen , we see the last ray of sunlight slip from the day . black - and we title come up . then out of the darkness come a pair of headlight . - and we be : ext . new york turnpike - into pinecrest - dusk a old BMW 2002 make its way up the taconic Parkway . int . BMW - dusk on the radio : whitney Houston 's " I will always Love you " . amy tremont , 30' , drive , on the phone . amy I be lose betsy , and you know I - I do not wear lose well - wait , wait I be lose you ... ( the cell phone glitches ) I be pull over before you disappear forever . Amy pull off the side of the road . wrestle with a map and the phone . amy sign ? I be look for a sign ? there 's no ... her attention be catch by something off camera . she stare out into the night .. her Pov - a small iced over pond - and in the middle - move about be Virgil , ice skating - hockey stick in hand - move about the rink with a imaginary puck . amy ( o.s. ) ( distract ) yes ... I take the first ..... no , no , I be listen ... Virgil wind up and take a slap at the ice with he stick - throw he hand up in the air like he just score . Amy smile , peer off down the road . a sign : bear mt . spa and resort 1.4 mile . amy wait , I get it - yeah . no do not call I .. right , unless you hear from Atlanta . and fax I the design - I want to tinker with they a bit more ... I be go to rest - bye - I will see you in a week . beep she hang up . look back out to the pond . it 's empty . shrug - about to pull out - that love song still blaring . amy oh p-lease , whitney . click - she shut off the radio - and pull back out onto the road . ext . bear mt . health spa - night Amy pull luggage out of she car . she take a breath - clearly she 's exhaust - and start towards the entrance . int . bear mt . health spa - reception desk - night Amy at the front desk with the night manager caroline , 30' , annoyingly fit . caroline we have a full weight room , lifecycle , stairmaster , a spa , yoga , aerobics , spin class ... amy I be really just look for a quick fix , here . do you have anything that just involve lie down ? caroline a massage . amy great . I will have one a day . not too early . int . bear mt . - massage waiting area - next day Amy enter , wear sweat , she check she watch - look toward a close door - about to grab a magazine when she hear from behind the door : woman' voice Virgil , oh god... , right there . yes . Amy 's interest pique - the woman 's murmur continue - deep ecstasy . woman' voice yes there - a bit more ... ( a small bell ding ) -- wait - wait , you can not stop - one more minute - noo ! virgil' voice sorry , Susan - time 's up . I have get someone wait . and the door open - and we see a woman , 60' , susan , bette midler type , back out of the room . susan Virgil , you have to come live with I . virgil' voice and what would you husband say ? Amy , you out there ? - c'mon in . susan that 's it - I be get a divorce . Amy smile as she pass Susan and enter . int . virgil be massage room - day Virgil have he back to we as he prepare the table . the room be very order - every vial , bottle , towel have its exact spot . virgil hey , Amy , I be Virgil - why do not you get ready - hop up on the table . Amy see Virgil - he head turn slightly away - she drop she sweat and lie on the table , face down - pull the sheet to cover herself . amy sound like you be a genius at this . virgil ( laugh ) that 's right .. mozart , Einstein , Virgil Anderson , massage therapist . now I be go to start work somewhat deep - you let I know if you want anything deeper . amy deeper be good - where I come from , all you get be shallow . virgil I like that - deep it be . click - he hit a button on a CD player and as we hear the soulful aria " mira , 0 Norma " from Bellini 's Norma . virgil first time in pinecrest ? amy come in late last night .. miss the town completely . virgil if you come in broad daylight , you could still miss the town completely . dissolve to : slow move cut of Virgil , work long stroke over Amy 's body - - he hand gracefully lengthening and stretching she muscle . virgil too much compute ? work . amy uh-huh . virgil bad chair - you should think about a change . amy ( quiet ) absolutely . Virgil reach he hand all the way down she spine and make a move that cause Amy to release a very deep guttural sound . virgil too deep ? amy no .. ..... just right . Amy be now lose in another world - as Virgil shift - work gently - not caress - but molding - like a sculptor . a moment and Amy , surprisingly , begin to cry - softly . Virgil stop - take a step back . virgil I - I be sorry - it be too deep ... she cry for another few beat - then take a breath . amy no - it .. it 's not you .. it 's just thing have kinda build up , I do not know why I be cry .. look , this be embarrassing ... virgil do not be embarrassed - you obviously need it . we should stop for today . amy yeah , thanks . you always make the girl cry . virgil not since grade school . I be go to go now - unless you would like I to stay . amy could you - just for a minute ? virgil of course , whatever you need . Virgil sit next to she - then reach out - take she hand and start a slow comforting massage - we see Amy visibly relax . amy you ever feel like a martian 's invade you entire body ? virgil every day . Amy , close she eye - smile slightly in thanks . int . virgil be massage room - later camera pan slowly over to Amy asleep - and on the click of the door - she eye dreamily open . amy Virgil ? int . bear mt . health spa - late day hallway outside the massage area . Amy exit the change room , now wear she sweat - pull on she sneaker . virgil ( o.s. ) ( call out ) hey caroline , you look incredible today . caroline ( o.s. ) ( laugh ) quite a compliment , Virgil . see ya tomorrow . virgil ( o.s. ) see ya . Amy look down the hall - see a glimpse of Virgil round the corner . she chase after hi~n into the reception area where she see he exite the door and move of for down the driveway . amy Virgil - wait ... he 's go . hopping along , tug on she last sandal - she decide to go after he - fight she way through a large tour group just check in . ext . bear mt . spa - late day Virgil in the distance , move he way towards the main street . Amy exite the building - try not to slip on the ice as she , hurry after he - try to get close enough to call out . Virgil stop at a main roadway as Amy come up behind he . amy Virgil , hey . Virgil turn - sunglass on - look directly at Amy . virgil yes . amy it 's Amy - Amy tremont . virgil of course - you be sleep , do not want to wake you . amy yes thanks - you be the skater , right - I see you last night , come in . pretty mean slapshot . you play on some team or something ? virgil yeah , something . you a hockey fan ? amy always like it - never get around to see a game . but I love to skate as a kid - unfortunately I have two leave foot . virgil ( play with she ) they look perfectly ok with I . Amy laugh , start relax - unconsciously start to flirt . head cocked , shift she weight on one foot , move slightly closer . amy I love the view you get here . virgil same here - I never get use to it . just then a yellow school bus pull up in front of he and whoosh the door pop open revealing carl kipling , black , a hundred year old . Virgil turn as a few kid pile off the bus .. virgil well , this be my ride . hey Tommy , my man . and with he hand extend a kid high fives it . Amy look up - a bus full of young school kid . seem odd . tommy virge . as the kid move off . amy well , I just want to apologize for back there - blubber like that - I be just in a weird place . virgil and now ... amy now , I be fine - so I want to thank - you . for what you do . virgil for make you cry . amy no , I make I cry - and you handle it great - do not freak or anything . ( beat ) be my mascara smear or something ? virgil ( laugh ) no . why ? amy you be just look at I funny . carl Virgil - let move it . virgil as I say earlier - I just never get use to the view . Virgil start towards the bus , reach behind to he pack . pull something out . virgil see you tomorrow . and click , click , click - a white cane unfold in he hand . and he tap he way to the bus . amy see you ... oh my God . virgil what ? amy you be , you be -- I be so sorry . virgil ( smile ) hey , you already apologize once - no need to overdo it . bye now . Amy do not know how to respond . and he move into the front seat of the bus - amongst " hey Virgil 's " from the school kid and ca-chunk the door close - the yellow Bus steaming off - past Amy , as she stare at Virgil in the front seat - about to wave to he - then realize he would not see . as she turn and watch the bus move off down the street - a hand come out - Virgil 's - and wave good - bye . ext . virgil be home .- dusk the bus stop in front of Virgil 's home - a side - by-side duplex at the edge of surround wood . Virgil step into the street and with a honk the bus pull away . he turn , graze he hand across a tree out front - and start towards he home . at the porch - he hesitates at the first door . find it with he hand - then rap on it . no answer . he move over to he own door - and go inside . int . virgil be home - evening as he enter , Sophie , a aging lab , lay on the couch . virgil get of for the couch , Sophie . as the dog slide guiltily off the couch . virgil some see eye dog - more like sleep eye dog . Virgil bend down as he pass the coffee table to pick up the remote control place just so . click - a game show pop on . virgil met a girl today - nice voice - follow I out of the building . Sophie bark . virgil no she be not a stalker . close on Virgil 's hand flipping open a large book mark " tv hockey schedule " - it 's completely white - all in braille . jennie ( o.s. ) Sophie 's just worried about you - she watch too many horror movie . in the kitchen , jennie anderson , older than Virgil , simply dress , put a just make dinner carefully onto a plate . virgil hey , you be here - so how be the kid today ? running he hand down the pure white page - he find what he want : bap - he hit the channel changer and the game come on . jennie the usual - need a lot of attention . so who 's the girl ? move into the kitchen , Virgil put the remote to the side of the refrigerator where it velcro stick to a exact spot . virgil from the spa . I make she cry . jennie you have not do that since -- virgil / jennie -- grade school . virgil ( smile ) that 's what I tell she . Coke ? Virgil move past jennie as she go into the live room - hand up , door open and he 's get a glass . back to the fridge , he grab a coke . jennie I be fine . you dinner 's ready - chicken 's at 3 o'clock - rice be at ... virgil 6 o'clock , peas at 9 o'clock and news at 11 . jennie place Virgil 's dinner down in a exact spot on a coffee table ( face away from the tv ) . jennie ( laugh ) one day I be go to switch they on you . virgil and one day I will play forward for the New York ranger . four precise step into the room and Virgil plop down on the sofa - find he fork . jennie move to a counter where a pile of school book sit . jennie ha - ha . you need new joke . virgil or a new sister . jennie I would work on the joke . pick up the book she move past Virgil - peck he on the head and move to the door . virgil you want to watch some hockey ? jennie ( at the door ) you want to grade some spelling test ? ( beat ) I will be next door you need I . she leave and Virgil pat the couch and Sophie hop up next to he . virgil you know this girl - for one moment - she actually think I could ( Sophie grumble as she settles in ) I be not kid . ( beat ) and she have this great voice - relax - soft like a breeze through ( beat ) wonder what she think about " blind date . " int . amy room - evening Amy in bed - just out of the shower - the only light in the room come from the tv . she have the remote , mindlessly switch channel - not stay on one for more than a second or two . click - a odd couple rerun - click - espn bowl - click - Three stooge - moe poke curly in the eye - click - click - click . bore , she stop - notice a small scarf on a chair next to the bed . she pick it up , hold it against she eye and tie it tight around she head . she stand - hand out in front of she - start to walk across the room - not so bad - wham - right into a side table . shit that hurt ! grabbing she leg , she hop - hit a lamp . amy dammit ! ripping the towel of for she head - hopping around on one foot - she hear : knock knock amy come ! rubbing she leg - she limp / half walk to the door - open it to : Virgil : dark glass , cane , smile amy Virgil ..? she pull a towel in closer - then realize it do not matter virgil my turn to apologize . I should have tell you I be blind it be not fair . amy that 's ok . you want to come in - I just get out of the shower - give I a minute to get change ? virgil ( as he move in ) sure , I promise I will not look . as Amy start to get change in the bathroom . virgil anyway , I be in the neighborhood -- actually the whole town 's my neighborhood -- and since you have never be to we illustrious village , I think maybe we could go into town - see what we see . amy see what we see ? virgil figure of speech . amy you mean right now , tonight ? virgil great - I be blind and you be deaf - what a pair . ext . MAIN STREET - evening a few store window light up . some people eat dinner at a streetside cafe . Virgil , hold Amy 's arm as they walk down the street . with amy and virgil walking : virgil ... the mechanic at the top of the street be Doug - smoke too much - but a good guy . Three step down be carlson 's hardware - he 's get a laugh like a donkey - we sometimes listen to game together - he 's a Devil 's fan . and just up ahead should be grady 's junk shop - he call it " antique " ... smell like junk . I would hate to see what it look like . a woman bustles past , nancy bender , weigh down with grocery . virgil ( intuitively ) hey Nancy . nancy hey Virgil - get that book in for you . virgil Nancy 's we librarian , bring in any braille book I want . nancy ( to Amy ) the guy 's nut about the pyramid - anything he can get he hand on ... virgil thank - you Nancy - you should get you grocery home - you ice cream 's melting . Nancy laugh - as she move off . amy Nice place - you seem to know everyone here . virgil move here when I be eight . my family figure it would be a good place for I to grow up . tell I what you see . amy well , there 's a good structure to the town - genuine line , good use of space . to be honest I would find a better balance to a lot of this building . but that 's I . virgil what 's you ? amy the architect in I - can not leave well enough alone . Art school in college - I make the arm for the venus demilo . ( realize he probably doesn ' t understand ) see , the venus De milo have no arm and ... virgil ( laugh ) I know the venus De milo have no arm , and the mona Lisa have this captivate smile and David do not wear a fig leaf . amy how do you ... virgil I may not have be a lot of place - but I read about thing , then make a image up here -- ( point to he head ) -- that work for I . grazing he hand across a telephone pole - Virgil stop - turn to Amy . virgil this be the end of the street . we should turn back . amy what about past the end of the street ? what 's out there ? he turn around . virgil ( shrug ) nothing . amy no - there 's a old run down building off to the side ... virgil must be the old firehouse . it have a fire so they shut it down . ( Amy laugh ) honest to god. ( intrigue ) what else do you see ? amy a wall of shrub - a field with a interesting configuration of tree . the wind have pick up a bit . virgil tell I how you see it . amy ( enjoy the game ) ok , sure . let 's see - long and elegant . like -- like a woman dance with two lover , try to decide which one she love . Virgil stop a moment - take in the image . amy what ? virgil it 's just - the image you just give I - " Dancing tree . - I like that . Virgil stop - he head cock slightly . virgil we should go - it 's start to rain . amy ( look around ) there 's a bit of a breeze but -- kaboom - thunder - and the rain just drop . int . firehouse - night they run in laugh - Amy close the door behind they as Virgil move he way into the center of the room - stand where the moonlight from a high window hit the floor . Water run down the outside glass , cause the light to ripple across he . the room be empty - almost surreal . amy I can not believe how fast it happen ... ( she see Virgil - he head cocked towards the ceiling ) amy Virgil ? Virgil 's head turn toward she . virgil you like rain - I love the rain . amy ( move to he ) what be you just do there ? Virgil slowly move he head about , sense the room . virgil listen - the rain - it bring out the contour of everything , give life to a room I can not see . we see slow moving cut of the building as Virgil describe what he hear . virgil you hear it ?... on the roof drip down the wall on every side . on the right , on the drainpipe , it 's drum with a deeper , steadier sound - - like a timpani - echoing across the room - tell I the room be large - open . you feel it - in you chest ? on the leave , the rain say ... ( he listen ) ... a fire escape , with it 's own rhythm - ping - ping . then listen - there ... ( he point ) -- what 's that - over there ...? amy look like it 's ... virgil no , listen for it - not what it look like - what it become . come here . Amy move closer - Virgil put he hand out on she shoulder - turn she to the sound . virgil now just listen to it - shut out everything but that sound - do you hear it ? Amy strain to listen - close she eye - she head instinctively turn - no in unison with Virgil 's amy yes - there - it 's soft - like a shimmer virgil the wind blow the rain against a window . amy ( smile ) like a cymbal . it 's like we own percussive symphony , be not it ? Amy open she eye - look about the room - listen . virgil the world be invisible to I - with my touch it come alive . but only one thing at a time . but when it 's raining , I feel everything at once . sometimes , I wish it could rain inside rain all around we . amy ( muse ) " einfuehlung . " virgil what ? amy einfuehlung - it 's a architectural term . it mean to share a empathy . be a long time since I feel that . and as they stand listen to the rain , play its music - Amy watch he - fascinate by he - then shiver slightly . virgil you be cold , we should go . amy no , I be fine , really . it be just something pass through I - can not explain it - a good thing . Amy smile at he - then quietly realize he can not see it . she move close , she hand reach out and take he . amy what you just show I how I feel - make I smile . she take he hand - hesitates - then put it on the side of she face . virgil I see it now . thank -you . we hold a beat - enjoy the symphony of rain - then cut to : ext . bear mt . lodge - morning the sun warming the cool morning air . the school bus pull away to reveal Virgil make he way into work . virgil ( v.o. ) I think after yesterday , you would never get up on my table again . int . massage room - next day Amy on the table . Virgil squirting oil in he hand - prepare . amy you kid ? today , I be look for a complete nervous breakdown . virgil I love a challenge . and as he place he palm carefully on she back - work she back slowly we hear opera play quietly in the background . dissolve to : Virgil 's hand on the small of she back - something amazingly sensual about how he work she muscle . Amy speak to he in low tone - in a state of complete relaxation . amy can I ask how long you have be blind ? virgil of course , most people avoid the subject . you tell they you be blind and they act surprised . " you be blind ? reallv ? I do not know - you hide it so well . " and then they wave they hand in front of you face just to make sure . ( beat ) it start when I be a little over a year old . Virgil 's hand move down Amy 's side - slow - feel each contour - the oil make she skin glisten . Amy move she head slightly with he touch . she let out a small breath of air . amy ( quiet ) you see shadow ? virgil no. congenital cataract . and a case of retinitis pigmentosa throw in for good measure . this area need to loosen up . amy I think you be do it . ( beat ) no bright light , nothing ? virgil I be blind as a bat . actually , blinder ' cause they emit sonar all the time . I do not have a sixth sense , I just do not have the fifth one . I can not hear thing in vermont , can not smell if you be mad at I , and , no - I do not know helen keller , Ray Charles or stevie wonder . Amy murmur in response to Virgil 's touch . virgil you say something ? amy no , I just - this feel nice - too nice . Virgil move he hand down she back - sensually knead each muscle . it 's clear he 's enjoy this as much as she be . amy you be very good .. at what you do . another breath exhales from she involuntarily as Virgil hit a sensitive spot . virgil thank -you . amy you enjoy it . virgil at time . some client make it more enjoyable than other . Virgil now work down she thigh - Amy 's back arching slightly with the movement - both of they heating to the moment . both they breath quicken . amy and this client ... virgil be very , very ... ding - and the spell be break . amy what ? virgil sorry - it 's time . I have get Mr. ketchum come in next - all two hundred pound . sorry - I feel like we be just get start . Amy sit up on the table - the sheet pull away slightly revealing she . for a moment she watch he - he head turn towards she - but not see . then she slowly pull the sheet up cover herself . amy thank -you . for last night as well - love to do it again . virgil how about I cook dinner then , tonight . amy I would like that . int . bear min . - next day aerobics step class . Amy work out . in front of she two rather large woman in neon stretch workout clothes - Amy try to avoid the view - a think - and she shut she eye as she continue she exercise . int . bear mt . - next day Amy , towel around she neck - come in from the workout . caroline Amy int . virgil be home - night onion fry . tilt up to Virgil - cut the last of it and put it in the pan - sizzling as it hit . vegetable and a box of pasta be arrange on the countertop . Sophie watch the proceedings . rrrrine - the phone . Virgil stop cut - he hand easily find the phone . intercut with Amy : on the phone in she car on the taconic Parkway . amy Virgil - it 's Amy . I - I can not make dinner - I be really sorry - a emergency come up - they be drag I back to New York . virgil oh. yeah . anything serious ? amy the project we be work on be reject - could go down the drain . I will deal with it quick - I would like to come back . virgil yeah . good . well . I will be here . Virgil hang up the phone - frustrated , he reach for the fry pan - and promptly burn he hand . virgil - damn it !!! drop the pan - Sophie go scurrying , as he kick at it - send it across the room . he turn - thrust he hand under the sink - turn on the cold water . virgil shit - that be stupid . ext . flatiron district - late day even rush hour traffic surround the flatiron building . voice ( on speakerphone ) I be just say there seem to be something miss . int . roswell -tremont design - day a small cardboard model of what look like a small mini-mall . Amy sit in front of it - draw on a sketch pad . the office be sparse , functional . a few draftsmen can be see in the background through a glass partition . duncan absolutely Mr. falk - something lj miss - we realize that now . we just need some time to figure out what . duncan roswell , 30' , lean a little too ardently into a speaker phone . the voice on the other end be jack falk - they would be employer . they assistant betsy ernst , early 20' , sit in the corner , take note . falk Fine - but you all know what kind of schedule we be on here ? duncan ( watch Amy ) and budget . yes sir . do not worry , we will not let you down . she take a piece of paper , have a idea , start sketching - Duncan hang up . duncan do not say it , I know . you be never happy with the design . amy I be not go to say that . duncan but you would have tinkere with it till the job go away . so now we have get he hook , you have get you second chance . and Amy shove she rough sketch across the table . amy look at this site photo - see that tree - we be go to get rid of they - let 's incorporate they into the design use what 's natural about the location . ( Duncan stare at she ) and by the way - the 53rd St. lobby - come back from pinecrest , I come up with a new addition - add some life to that place . Duncan stare at the sketch - then look up at Amy duncan ok -- what 's go on here ? we send hydra the three head monster off a few day ago and get back Mary poppin in return . amy what ? I can not have a couple of idea . ( even betsy stare at she ) Fine , you want to know - I meet a guy . betsy stand . betsy too modern for I . duncan sit down . betsy . we be all friend here . so - spill the bean . amy nothing to spill - he 's a good guy - smart , funny , blind ... duncan whoa , whoa - wait a minute - blind !? like tap - tap , white cane blind ? come on Amy - I mean , I know you like challenge , hell you marry I - but ... amy I know you would be understanding . duncan ( stand ) no , no I be . you be right , this be none of my business anymore - but a blind guy ? if you be lonely - in my . opinion -- get a puppy . betsy Duncan , do not be a jerk . duncan you still work here . he 's go . betsy he 's just jealous . amy so much for the " we be all friend here " idea . int . roswell -tremont office - night close on - Computer screen . a cursor blink - then the word congenital blindness - a click and a web page for the american braille institute come up . wide - we see Amy hover over she computer - various sketches of the propose building next to she - two giant magnolia tree have be incorporate into the design . as we watch she search on the computer we move over she shoulder to see in the corner of she plan - a sketch of the intertwined " dance tree " and the firehouse . betsy enter carry she jacket . betsy everybody 's go for the day . amy thanks . you go ahead - I be just finish up something here . she turn to look at betsy who now peer over she shoulder - see what she 's do . Amy look up at she - see betsy 's look . amy what ? I just want to know a little more about what 's wrong with he . betsy ( pause ) Amy ? friend to friend ? amy shoot betsy I hate to admit it but I agree with Duncan on this one . amy ( back to the computer ) do not shoot . betsy he make sense sometimes . my father have a problem a few year back with severe cataract . do you have any idea what you be get into ? Amy spin in she chair - look to betsy . amy you ever listen to rain - I mean really listen ? betsy this like that smell the rose thing ? amy ( turn to she ) I have spend the last five year of my adult life with a man who have the emotional content of a soap dish . the only time I see he cry be do we tax return three year ago . ( beat ) I need more than that , betsy . for once in a long , long time I feel like I can breathe again . just the way he touch I I know I find someone I can connect with . betsy ah , here we go . amy no , no . I can tell he 's sense everything about I with a simple touch . he listen to my every word as if it 's the only sound on the planet - I feel like even though he can not see I , he know everything about I . he just move I - do that sound crazy . betsy ( beat ) do he have a brother ? ext : pine crest mountain - late day the frozen pond , nestle against a strand of pine . Virgil skate fast across the ice enjoy the speed - the wind use he hockey stick as a guide - he near the edge of pond - feel it with the stick and slam to a stop . he shuffles he body around to face in the other direction - then start skate again - pass amy stand on the snow cover bank . on amy - smile , watch Virgil - enjoy he release of energy . her Pov - virgil - skate well , a look of relaxation we have never see on he face . he skate in a arc come back past Amy . finally she speak . amy Wayne gretzky , look out . Virgil slam to a halt in surprise - nearly toppling over . amy sorry -- sorry . do not mean to scare you . virgil Amy ?! amy I say I would come back . virgil how long ... how long have you be ...? amy watch you ? just get here - could not find you at the spa - take a chance you would be here . you be very good . virgil skate since I be a kid . my dad teach I - want I to play pro one day . how do you like my pond ? amy it 's beautiful . virgil describe it for I . amy ok . let 's see . like cool blue silk - you know blue ? virgil I think so - keep go . amy Blue silk stretch tight across a bowl - surround by white jackete sentries of tree on the horizon , protect it from the outside world . virgil Horizon 's a tough one . amy what ? virgil never understand horizon - if touch it - do not know what it that 's ok I like the rest of picture . ( he start move towards she ) you want to skate ? amy sorry , I do not bring my skate . virgil do not need they . come on step hold of my stick . amy Excuse I ? virgil ( smile ) hockey stick . here . he hold the stick out like a cross bar . Amy move cautiously forward and take hold of it . virgil ok . now hold on for balance . I use to do this with jennie when we be kid . and Virgil start skate backwards pull Amy with he . Amy be apprehensive at first then start to enjoy the movement - the sensation - both of they laugh out loud . wide as we see they move about the rink - Amy slide and be pull by Virgil . as he pick up speed we hear Amy scream in delight . amy look out - we be run out of ice . Virgil turn expertly , arcing around the edge of the ice but Amy lose she nerve - and balance - and let go of the stick and go fly into a embankment . the momentum carry Virgil off down the ice - both of they laugh hysterically . virgil you ok ? amy Fine . never be dumped so fast in my life . virgil I , dump you ? no way . stay where you be - I will come to you - just keep talk . Amy sit up on she elbow in the embankment . amy what do I say ? Virgil start glide across the ice search for Amy . virgil ( hearing she voice , veer in she direction ) anything - how would you become a architect ? amy God - let 's see - I be in college - art school - a little aimless - and I meet this guy -. a architect - open up a new world to I . I like the structure the control - find problem , come up with solution - when I graduate - we start a company together - on impulse get marry - which be crazy - divorced a year ago - but we be still partner .. which must seem even crazier . and Virgil 's suddenly there - go a little too far - tumble off the pond and into she . virgil you would think I mean to do that . a patent move . they be close - in the snow together - face to face . amy ( Amy smile , realize ) this be tough . virgil what ? amy I bat my eyelash , toss my head just right , and there 's this very sexy thing I do with my eye - then realize none of it matter to you . virgil it do not matter . tell I what you look like . amy I .. .1 do not know I be ... virgil wait . let I . he put he hand out , over she face -- hesitates , then slowly feel down the contour of she cheek , she eyelid , the shape of she lip - Amy move with the touch , the sensuality of it - and as he continue - Amy 's hand reach up - touch he face - Virgil smile . virgil eye , mouth , chin , cheek .. you be very beautiful . amy thank -you . so be you - more than I could describe . Virgil 's hand move down she face - close she eye - let she just experience he touch - he explore . and as both they hand continue , enjoy the sensation of discover each other - Amy lean forward , she eye still close , find he mouth - graze he lip with she own - softly , gently , then they fold into each other 's arm lock into a warm , deep kiss . int . virgil be house - bedroom - night it 's dark - a pale moonglow highlight the two intertwined naked body . a fire burn in the background . in flow cut we see they make love : Virgil - he head tilt down - Amy - put she hand to he chin - lift he head - then kiss each of he close eyelid in rhythm with Virgil 's movement . Amy - now astride Virgil - she close she eye - feel it the way Virgil would - move faster now - in total rhythm - shudder in mutual release -- and she collapse on top of he - a deep breath and she roll over - cuddle into he arm . a long beat - out of breath : amy so -- that 's what a blind date be . they breathe - then both start laugh - quietly - then hysterically together as Virgil wrap she up in he arm - hold she tightly . ext . pinecrest - dawn the horizon . the sun crest it - bring a new light to the day . int . virgil be home - early morning sound of a shower in the background . Amy in Virgil 's robe , pull a juice container out of the fridge - pour herself a glass , put the juice on the counter as she walk into the live room - take in the sparseness of he surroundings . close on - a open braille Book . the completely white page with minute bump . Amy pull up a chair , sit - and flip through the book , run she hand across the page - try to understand he world . she then turn to the front cover to see what it be . playboy . we hear the shower stop as Amy smile , put the book down - push the chair aside then move to a series of picture on the wall : Virgil as a young boy - he sister jennie a few year older - and he mother and father . then another picture next to it - Virgil in he skate and jennie older - no father - Sophie at they foot . and a final picture - Virgil as a adult - he and jennie on the front porch - he arm wrap around he sister like he 's never go to let go . voice ( o.s. ) hello ? Amy turn to see - jennie , carry a bag under she arm . amy hello . jennie move towards the kitchen . jennie I be jennie , Virgil 's sister . and you be ..? Virgil step out - bathrobe - drying he hair . virgil Jen , this be Amy tremont . jennie now at the kitchen - stare at the juice container - place it back in the fridge - just so . jennie I be just at the market Virgil , pick up a few thing before school - and I think you might like some ... virgil ( smell ) apple and bananas . Amy see the fruit on the counter - impressed . jennie he 's be a show -off , Amy - I always bring he this . ( put they in the fridge ) the apple be on the bottom shelf ... virgil at two o'clock . orange at 10 . I know , thanks . jennie Amy -- you in town long ... and wham - Virgil move into the room , collide right into the chair Amy move - knock into a lamp send it to the ground . jennie immediately rush over . amy Virgil ? virgil I be fine . jennie no you be not - you be bleed . ( turn to Amy , sudden ) first lesson with a blind man , Amy - do not change anything - it 's too dangerous amy ( move to Virgil ) I be sorry - I do not know ... virgil it be my fault . I be ok . jennie still dabbing at he leg . virgil ( embarass , snap ) goddamit , jennie - I say I be ok - leave I alone ! jennie hesitates , then stand to go - see the hockey book out of place . a glance to Amy and she pick it up - quietly move it back to it 's rightful spot . jennie I have get parent meeting tonight - there 's dinner in the freezer - leave corner . ( turn to Amy ) Nice to have meet you , Amy . amy I too - and again - I be sorry . and she 's go - leave Amy and Virgil together - a moment of awkwardness . amy she seem ... nice . virgil she seem jealous . amy you leg be still bleed . virgil it will stop - happen all the time . welcome to my world . we hold on Amy - take this in : int . bear mt . - later that night japanese lantern criss -cross across a open area . guest of the spa mingle about - drink in hand - some dance on a floor set up over the aerobics area . Music play in the background . Amy , carry two trays of food , find she way to where Virgil sit at a table off to the side - put he food in front of he . amy let 's see if I can get this right . Chicken 's at three - salad at seven - vegetable at ten . virgil ( pick up he fork ) very good - thank - you . amy this be nice . they do this every weekend ? virgil every Friday - for the guest leave . suppose to make they want to come back . amy ( sit , uneasy ) Love the music - gershwin - make you want to ... she stop . Virgil , fork poise over he food , sense she uncomfortableness . virgil you like dance ? amy hmmm ? yeah - do not do it much . ( change subject ) Chicken 's good . Amy resume eat - Virgil 's fork spear something on he plate - raise it to he mouth - both we and Amy now see it 's a large pat of butter . too late - it 's in he mouth . Amy watch he - the reaction on he face as he taste it - then surreptitiously swallow it . then realize Amy see he . virgil nothing like a good pat of fat . what do you say we dance ? amy no , really , I be fine ... Virgil be up - pull she hand . virgil come on she stand and Virgil put he hand on the back of she shoulder . virgil lead on . and as she usher he to the floor the music change - a salsa - lively . Amy stop : amy different piece - maybe we should ... virgil you kid - take my hand . and as she do - Virgil start dance to the music - feel the beat - in perfect rhythm but he move be he own , something we have never see before - uninhibit , wild - a little funny , but also there 's something sensual in he abandonment . all Amy can do be hang on for the ride - enjoy Virgil enjoy himself . people even clear back a little to give he some room - however he move about the floor easily - somehow sense where the other couple be . it 's a whirlwind moment - a moment where the two of they get lose with each other - for a second shutting out the world and it 's just they , the music and they movement . then suddenly the music be over . and they stop - the moment go . Virgil turn to Amy and she applaud Virgil 's wild move he take a bow with a flourish . spin to another angle - another bow . spin back again - a step back and : crasssh - he 's into the buffet table - slide to the ground - food spilling on top of he . Amy , can not help but laugh , rush to he . amy you have to teach I that move . and Amy reach down to he guacamole cover hand - and pull he up into a embrace and as they kiss amidst sauce and salad dress - we see : int . amy HOTEL room - morning Amy - on the phone - look out she window . amy betsy - you be tell I about you father , he cataract - you say he have a problem . how be he now ? ( she listen ) Doctor - Dr. Aaron ? - do you have he number ? int . bear mt . gym - day a handful of people on various piece of equipment . Virgil , tank top , heavy sweat , on a stationary bicycle - work out . Amy next to he on a treadmill - try to keep up as caroline from the front desk come and hand she something . Amy read it briefly then hop off the treadmill move to Virgil . amy Virgil , I just get some great news . virgil ( pick up speed again ) the Atlanta project ? amy no , no - I be talk to my assistant this morning - she father have this severe cataract ... virgil ( slow ) oh. really . amy she put I in touch with a Dr. Richard Aaron - the guy 's the lead eye surgeon on the eastern seaboard - he 's be work with technique - I do not know all the jargon - but I speak to he earlier on the phone at the Institute ... virgil you call this guy ? Virgil stop riding - start to get off the bike . amy ( excited ) I tell he all about you - he just fax I back - he would love to get a look at you eye - he think maybe , mavbe - there might be a chance of reversal . Virgil face Amy , best he can , while he pull on he sweat jacket . virgil I do not get it - be I miss the sign that say it 's help the handicapped week . Virgil start to move away . Amy stop he . amy I think you would be excited . what 's the problem ? Virgil turn on she . virgil no problem . that 's the whole point here Amy - there be no goddamn problem . and Virgil turn and bump into a stationary bike , he shove it off to the side , and make he way out of the gym . int . locker room - day Virgil enter , visibly upset - pass a co-worker come out of the shower . co- worker hey Virgil . Virgil steam right past he - not answer - hand feel down the locker - find he - he tug it open - pull off he shirt and throw it in . he take a breath , settles himself - then slam the locker door shut . ext . jennie' school parent be pick up they child from jennie 's school . as jennie help the last of the kid into she mother 's car - she look up to see Amy across the street . jennie Amy , right ? Amy nod - start towards she . amy I would like to talk to you if I could -- about Virgil . jennie something wrong ? amy sort of . there 's something I do not understand . you see I speak to a doctor who 's apparently do breakthrough work on cataract - ( jennie turn to Amy ) - but when I bring it up to Virgil he act as if ... jennie what do not you understand ? amy if I be blind almost all my life -- and there be even a remote possibility I could see - I would jump at it . jennie when there 's something you have adapt to , accept - you would just want to change it without even think about it ? ( beat ) we be very comfortable here , Amy . Virgil have everything he need . amy I think just maybe he would like to not be fall over thing for the rest of he life . look , I see ... jennie ( cut she off ) yes you do and Virgil do not . he spend the first eight year of he life have he eye prodd , pierce and poke by doctor , faith healer , spiritualist , shaman and medicine man . my father have they line up out the door . it hurt and disappointed we all and it almost kill he . he do not need to go through that again . now - maybe you understand . and she turn on she heel and be go . ext . virgil' cottage - late day Amy make she way up to the porch - hearing from inside . virgil ( v.0 . ) no , no - why - why ?! she hurry up the step , reach the open door where she see Virgil , he head in he hand . virgil ( v.0 ) I can not believe you be do this to I . amy what - Virgil ? Virgil turn sharply - Sophie jump up - start bark . virgil Sophie - stop it . Amy ? c'mon in - it 's just the ranger . I could check better than this guy today . amy they lose ? virgil I prefer to think of it as not win . I think you would have be long go after that outburst from my evil twin brother . we have have he commit you know . riker Island - hard time . ( stand ) can I get you something - - Coke - beer ? amy no - I - I be fine . I just want apologize for stomping around in life like bigfoot today . Virgil turn towards Amy . virgil Amy , you see the big tree outside ? how far be it from my front porch ? amy guess , about thirty foot . virgil to you . but to I , it 's fourteen step exactly . fourteen step and I arrive right where I want to be . but -- if I run or rush , I will lose count and slam into it . amy I be sorry . told you - can not leave well enough alone . I - I guess I should get back , start to pack ... virgil rushing into tree again ? off Amy 's smile we CUT to : ext . virgil be house - night on the Porch - the two of they - sip glass of wine - we see they dinner - hungry man beef entree - each category of food in it 's own perfect little compartment . amy you know this dinner - this be really quite ... virgil ordinary ? ( she laugh ) it 's a acquire taste - trust I . jennie think it 's the only way I will know where my food be . but I have a secret weapon . ( hold up a little bottle ) hot sauce ! let 's you know you be eat something - like some . he start to sprinkle liberally on Amy 's food . Amy , laugh grab the bottle . amy that 's ok - I will do it . do not want to overdo it . she put the bottle down - look to Virgil - sip she wine . time to face it . amy Virgil - I have to go home tomorrow ... virgil wait , wait - you smell that ? amy no - what ? virgil the winter pine - it 's so strong at night - drift on the wind - wait - hear the breeze then ... amy there . Amy close she eye - take in the scent - and they both sit there - close - take in the night air - enjoy the moment . and on Virgil 's face we see he lose in think . int . virgil be home - night close on virgil - eye close - we hear a sound - like night cricket . his eye slowly open . he roll over - he arm reach out for she : but there 's no one there . Virgil sit upright . virgil Amy ? Amy be sit in a chair by the window . amy I be here - trouble sleep . virgil c'mere . and she crawl back into bed , Virgil take hold of she and as she settles into he arm , he stroke she face gently - a blind man 's version of watch he lover fall to sleep . black - then we hear voice int . virgil be bedroom - morning close on : Amy 's face - the voice awaken she - cut into she dream . she look out the doorway - see Virgil and Jenny argue on the front porch . she can not hear what they be say - but it 's clear there 's a problem . int . virgil be live room - morning Amy pull a robe around herself - come into the room - as Jenny turn on she heel and walk away from Virgil . ext . porch - morning Virgil stand there a moment - take in what just happen . Amy step out onto the porch . amy everything alright ? virgil yeah , yeah . Morning - look , something I want to say ... amy the leave thing - I know - hate it too . virgil the other night - when we be dance - be with you - I feel different - special - I do not know - whole . amy that be whole ? Virgil put he hand out - she take it - he turn to she . virgil ( smile ) just for a second I feel like I could see you - all of you . ( beat ) what you say about this Doctor , this eye guy - I know how important it be to you ... amy ( turn to he ) be you sure you want to do this ? virgil we be just go to talk to the guy - what could it hurt ? off Amy 's smile : smash to : ext . GEORGE WASHINGTON bridge - morning a soar shot . Amy 's car - travel across the bridge - head towards Manhattan . amy ( v.0 . ) you be go to love the city - so many thing to see . int . car - morning Virgil in the passenger seat - window open - take in all the sound - new and exciting . Amy watch he as she drive . virgil ( laugh ) waitwaitwait - he have not say he can even do anything yet . amy I know I just feel good about this . ( Amy look to he - see he feel the light against he face ) Virgil , before you lose all sight , do you remember see anything at all ? virgil yeah , I do . I be just a baby when it happen - but there be one thing . ( beat ) something ... puffy . that 's all I remember about it . everyone say it 's " cloud , " but I know I have it in my hand - so it could not be cloud . this puffy thing - that be something special - it 's stay with I all this year - I do not know why . int . new york eye hospital - exam room - day dr . richard aaron , wire rim , short , stylish haircut - be finish a high - tech examination of Virgil 's eye . cup attach to wire sit over he eye . the machine , a electroretinogram , emit a irritate strange flat line sound . the room be very dimly light . Aaron adjust a intensity dial on the machine - a series of flash light hit Virgil 's eye . the doctor jot down a read - then with a flourish , spin the machine away from Virgil 's face and pop a button emit a detailed computer print out . in the corner sit a older gentleman - Dr. Goldman - focus on papers in he hand . aaron ok - we be do . Aaron bump up the light and wheel he chair back over to Virgil as Amy move to join they . aaron some good news . you have grade 4 posterior subscapular cataract . virgil and this be the good news ? aaron good news in that I should be able to remove they with little or no damage to you cornea . amy so -- what do that mean - they be go - then what ? aaron the cataract be act like a curtain - cover the window of sight . if the disease to the retina be reduce as much as I think it be - there 's a very good possibility we can give you sight . Amy look to Virgil - apprehensive . Virgil 's expressionless - take this all in . virgil sound expensive . aaron ( look to Goldman who nod imperceptibly ) we feel there 's a opportunity for we all here - I think I can get the institute to pick up the bill . virgil so . say you remove the cataract - do you have any idea what kind of vision I would have ? Aaron look to Goldman . aaron at this time - no . unfortunately the cataract be not allow I to see the retinal wall . I can not tell how advanced the retinitas pigmentosa have become . virgil so you be suggest a operation that may or may not be successful . amy but there be a chance he could regain he sight . aaron there have be a few case of restore vision in adulthood to a patient blind since birth . ( move near Virgil ) the operation be delicate , I will admit - but nothing as invasive as what you go through as a child . of course there be always some risk with any operation - infection , swell - long shot stuff . I would do both eye at the same time - it 's basically out patient surgery . Virgil - a exhale of air . a lot to take in . virgil what if it do not work ? what if I have the operation - with all it 's risk - and you remove the cataract - and it do not work . Aaron look to Amy . aaron ( somber ) it would be evident that you will never be able to see . Virgil 's head shift slightly . not what he want to hear . Amy reach out take he hand . amy what do you think ? virgil that 's what I need - to think . ext . amy loft - soho - day Virgil and Amy step out of a cab . Virgil use he cane - seem blinder than we have see he before . the city sound a assault on he . amy this be my place - there 's a park across the street and ... she stop - realize he want to walk in silence . they enter she loft building , a old convert industrial space . int . loft stairwell - day there be a odd , loud sound which echoe three time after every bounce . as they come up on the second floor landing , a basketball come fly down the hall which Amy fumble with - then catch . amy ethan ! from around the corner come ethan colvin , eight , oversize knick shirt . Amy toss he he ball . ethan sorry - my mom will not let I go outside till she get home from work . amy well , if the super catch you play ball in the hall , he will have a coronary . ethan a what ? amy never mind . ethan , this be my friend Virgil . virgil hey , ethan ethan ( see he cane ) be you blind ? virgil yeah . ethan cool . see ya . and he turn and run back up the stair . amy ( apologetic ) Virgil ... virgil hey , the kid think I be cool - what 's so bad . int . amy loft - late day Amy 's loft be a wide open space - a kitchen face onto a small live area - a bed in the corner of the room - a work space with drafting board and drawing rack fill one side of the room . by a window stand a plaster sculpture stick in the corner as if forget . amy this be where I hang my hat - it 's a bit of a mess but ... Amy stop , realize he can not see it . Virgil put he overnight bag down . virgil now , blind 101 . help I out with a mental map . walk I down a straight line and show I you place , all the obstacle . remember once you have tell I , they can not be move - otherwise ... amy get it - here take my arm . ( they start about the room ) couch , chair , tv to the leave , low table at .. .at 4 o'clock , have the phone on it ... they come to the Sculpture , Virgil 's hand graze across it . virgil what 's this ? amy nothing . a sculpture . virgil it 's yours ? amy my art school day - not very good . Virgil continue to feel the sculpture from top to bottom , not stop during the dialogue . virgil it 's a mother ? - hold she child - up in the air - like she 's proud ? it 's beautiful . amy it 's not do yet - one day I will finish it . Virgil turn - he hand to the wall - feel a window : virgil do this window open ? I could use some air . amy ( move to the window ) I think so . as Amy throw open the window , a wind blast through - catch a stack of plan on she draft table - blow they across the floor . amy damn ! Virgil turn , concerned , make he way to she . virgil what happen ? amy the wind - knock over my plan . Amy down on the floor pick they up - Virgil sense she down there - crouch down beside she - try to help she pick up . virgil what be this - this plan ? Amy look at Virgil - - he hand run across one of she plan . amy just my work - - some plan for the Atlanta project we be bid on - drawing of a lobby we be finish up , some other smaller stuff . it 's -- it 's what I do . Amy realize they mean nothing to he - he hand they back - stand . she watch he - then stand , move to he . amy I have get to get to work . tonight we will do something - we could listen to music or go out for dinner ... virgil how about a movie ? amy a movie ? virgil yeah . I have not be in year . amy alright . a movie . I will not be long . and Amy give he a quick kiss and dodge for the door - a beat - she forget she purse - step back in to see : Virgil stand there quietly - he hand out on she plan again - feel the paper - search for the design - want to know she - want to understand she - find nothing there . Amy feel uncomfortable - quietly step out - close the door . int . revival theater - night wide - the theater half full play Woody Allen 's " Annie Hall " the very funny scene where Woody and Diane keaton wrestle with the lobster . we move in slowly and discover Virgil and Amy lean in close to each other - Amy quietly describe the scene to he . amy there 's this big pot and Woody 's get a huge lobster in he hand ... virgil lobster - what 's a lobster ? amy ( try not to use she hand to describe ) it 's a.. .kind of like .. it 's get ... then she look to Virgil - see he be kid she . amy ( laugh ) that 's it - you be on you own . off Virgil 's laugh : int . subway line - night bwam - a subway train explode past we . int . subway car - night a collection of typical night rider - everyone keep to themselves . two kid sit in the corner - blast they boom box Virgil stand in the middle of the train - enjoy the vibration . Amy sit on a seat watch he . virgil and they live happily ever after . amy Woody and Diane ... virgil and the lobster ? amy stop with the lobster . a song come on the radio - Virgil 's head turn . virgil hey - you here that ? all she hear be the clatter of the subway . amy what ? Virgil turn towards the music - bapping he hand rhythmically on the subway car wall . virgil hey - can you turn that up ? the kid shrug - crakk it up . it 's gershwin 's " can not take that away from I . " Virgil turn to Amy - pick up on the song - hand rapping - he start sing : virgil " the way you comb you hair , the way you sip you tea ... " he find Amy , pull she up and into a embrace as he saunter they down the aisle . amy Virgil ?! virgil ( loudly ) " can not take that away from meee " - what ? amy people be watch . virgil watch ? watch what ? amy you . me. everyone be stare at we . virgil and ? amy well - it can be embarrassing . virgil ( kid ) oh - I see . amy no - you do not . virgil touche . " the way you make I see ... " amy ( turn to he ) what do you mean ?! ( Virgil give she a look - I want the operation ) you mean it . I mean I only want you to have the operation ... virgil Amy . I want the chance to see . the chance to see Central Park , the Brooklyn Bridge , apple , raisin , a buffalo , a carbuerator and the man in the moon . ( beat ) but I would give all that up - just to see this face . and Amy fold herself into Virgil - a moment - they hold each other - then - Amy start to sing along with the song - Virgil join in - and they dance - together - in love . smash CUT to : ext . subway car - night amy / virgil ( v.0 . ) " you can not take that away from I . " and the car explode past again - and as the music die we cut to : int . new york eye hospital - operating room close on : a platter of silver utensil - fine , exact scalpel . a glove hand come into frame - pick up a clamp - and we follow it to : virgil be eye - the clamp be use to hold it open . the work we be see be grueling - difficult to watch - but at the same time so fascinating it be hard to take we eye off . Dr. Aaron follow by Dr. Goldman - hand in the air - mask on - lean over Virgil - look to the anesthesiologist who nod - then to no one in particular . aaron ok Virgil - let 's get to it . and as he be hand a scalpel , we watch as it move down to cut open the white section of the eye - and just as it feel almost unbearable to watch - - int . new york eye hospital - waiting room - day we see Amy , coffee cup in hand , grab a second just pour cup out of a vend machine . she make she way over to reveal jennie who sit quietly read a book . amy coffee ? it 's really bad . jennie look up - smile take the cup . Amy sit down next to she . they both sip for a moment . amy Virgil never mention he parent - do they know ? jennie we mother die when I be 20 - Virgil be not even a teenager . and we father - he 's be go for quite awhile . amy I be sorry . I do not know . jennie look into she coffee - take another sip . jennie ( smile ) you be right this be bad . amy it must have be very tough on you - take care of Virgil alone after you mother die . jennie he 's my brother . simple . amy you do not like Virgil do this - do you ? jennie I do not like Virgil get hurt . hope be like fire , it can keep you warm - - or it can burn you . int . new york eye hospital - operating room - day Dr. Aaron : - focus on he exact work . his hand move deftly . close on : Virgil 's eye . cut open . Aaron 's probe work right in the middle of it . dr . aaron there you be . and Aaron pull out the cloudy cataract tissue - hold it up for all to see - before he plop it on a tray . switch instrument - he gingerly pick up a plastic implant - move back towards the eye - he glance at the nurse assist he : dr . aaron you know what they say , Virgil ? the eye be the window to the soul . Virgil can not move - listen intently as he carefully place the implant into Virgil 's eye . dr . aaron ( with a wink ) that make we the windex to the soul . ( he focus ) ok , both eye do . let 's patch he up . on a large monitor we see a extreme close - up of Virgil 's eye - wait . int . new york hospital - later Virgil be wheeled down a hall - head wrap in bandage . int . examination room - day as he enter : virgil hello ? jennie 's there - take he hand . virgil jennie ? jennie how're you feel ? virgil ok - a little pain , like a tequila hang over - be Amy here ? amy right here - Dr. Aaron say you do great virgil so how 's my hair - I would hate the first time I see myself to be a bad hair day . ( Virgil react to a sound ) what 's that ? amy there 's camera guy here too . wide - we now see the room have a small video crew in it prepare to document the event . virgil camera guy ? aaron ( enter ) for posterity . we be go to make you famous . we be also send this close circuit to one of we conference room - there 's a lot of people interested in we result today . so how you feel Virgil ? virgil good. great. fine. ( a laugh ) nervous . Aaron move about the room close blind to let in just a few slat of light . aaron nothing to be nervous about . now jennie and Amy , if you would stand off to my right -- I want Virgil to get just a slight bounce of light . ( return to Virgil ) ready Virgil . virgil let 's go . both Amy and jennie subconsciously adjust they hair as Aaron start to unravel the bandage . when the bandage be completely off - all that be leave be two gauze patch on both eye . aaron okay - last phase - we remove this patch and ... virgil ( suddenly apprehensive , hand up ) okay - wait . so - so - what do I do ? I mean , what will I see first ? aaron well - we be all here - Amy , you sister . this be new for we all . why do not we find out ? Aaron reach up and pluck the two patch from he eye - and everyone wait . Virgil slowly open he eye - he just seem to be stare blankly , bewilder - not focus at Aaron who stand before he , still hold the bandage . Amy look to jennie - to Aaron - what 's happen ? then finally : aaron well ? and Virgil react - a startling look of recognition mix with fear crossing he face . amy what be it Virgil ? virgil it 's - it 's - I do not know . and now for the first time we see Virgil 's Pov : there be light , movement , color , shadow - but somehow it be foreign to we . there be no perception of depth -. no sense of definition of shape or shadow - it be as confound to we as it be to Virgil - like a explosion of Picasso , dali and Monet on screen . suddenly in the midst of this chaos of image - there be movement - and a voice emit out of what we now for the first time recognize as a mouth . Dr. Aaron speak again - lean in to Virgil , who react back . aaron Virgil - what do you see ? virgil something 's wrong . jennie 's reaction come pour out of she eye in tear , first slowly , then a dam break . amy Virgil what 's wrong ? what 's happen ? aaron everything 's fine - it 's go to take ... jennie it 's not fine - do not say it 's fine . aaron tell I what you be see Virgil . Virgil suddenly pull back - he eye dance around in he head - try to take it all in - try to focus . virgil ( over everyone ) I do not know - it 's all screw up - this can not be see - something 's wrong - too confusing - what the hell 's happen ??! he Pov - the camera crew come toward he for a closer shot - it 's like a giant monster violently move towards we ! virgil what be it - stop ! Virgil 's hand lash out towards the camera crew - even though they be 15 foot away . aaron what ? the camera ? jennie ( to the crew ) stop move ! amy Virgil , it 's just the camera . the room have heighten into chaos - Virgil reacting to everything he see , any quick movement - Amy move next to he - Aaron try to remain calm - jennie assure Virgil everything 's ok . aaron alright - alright - they have stop . ok . let 's everybody just calm down - we will take it slowly . everyone settles - take a breath . amy Virgil . what can we do ? they all look to Virgil - breathe heavy - he eye swinging back and forth . virgil I gotta focus - gotta think - gimme a second - ok , ok - get I a coke . somebody ? jennie he 's thirsty - someone get he a drink !! virgil no - just a can - a bottle -- put something in my hand ! Amy reach over - grab a empty coke can . amy here - how 's this ? Virgil take it in he hand - close he eye - feel it . then slowly open he eye - try to focus on what be in he hand - Aaron catch on . aaron good , Virgil - that 's it - use you touch - associate - now , tell I - what do you see in you hand ? Long moment . Virgil hold it up - stare hard . virgil a can . be it a can ? jennie what 's go on ? they all look at Virgil turn the can over and over in he hand - stare intently at it - learn it . aaron ( beam ) he 's associate - one sense to the other . his finger tell he brain - then he brain tell he eye and he recognize the image in front of he . ( realize ) he 's see ! Aaron look to Amy and jennie - they be still doubtful - he motion to they to meet he outside . aaron Virgil - let 's rest you eye for today and we will check they again tomorrow . we should all be happy - we have get something . Virgil : not happy , just very confuse . as Aaron leave , jennie take Virgil 's hand while Amy stand there upset - watch he just stare at a soda can . int . new york eye hospital - day in the corridor , Dr. Aaron shaking hand with Dr. Goldman - people exite the near - by conference room all congratulate the two doctor . as Amy exit the room - Aaron move to she . amy what just happen in there ? aaron you see it . success . amy success - wait a minute - then why can not he see I , he sister , anything . aaron he see you . he just do not understand that he see you . amy but he will overcome it - I mean - this be temporary right ? aaron there 's a very real possibility the part of he brain area allocate to vision be atrophy - give it 's lack of use , Virgil have probably use it for some other function . jennie have step into the wait area - have just hear Aaron . jennie you do not think of this ? this be as much a accusation of Amy as of Aaron . aaron we have no way of know what he faculty be until we give he the operation . if you remember - we do not know what to expect - though it 's clear he retinal disease must be in remission . amy so what be we suppose to do now - you see he - it 's like he 's another person in there . aaron he will not need to stay here - take he home - let he rest . but I will need to see he every couple of day for the next month . amy be not there some kind of therapy he should be do - someone to help he . Aaron stare at she - have not think of this . aaron ok , there be a visual therapist - Ray webster - a little unorthodox - that 's why he 's probably you best bet , especially consider the unique aspect of Virgil 's condition . I will contact he for you - but there 's no guarantee he can help . jennie ( can not believe this ) no guarantee . aaron jennie , I tell Amy here when we first talk - this be whole new ground - for all of we . and jennie quietly turn and go back into Virgil 's room . Amy just stare at Dr. Aaron - a little overwhelm . int . hospital room - change area - day Virgil - start to dress . he stare at he clothes on a hangar - not comprehend what it be . he close he eye - he hand go out to feel it - then open he eye - he take the shirt turn - and notice someone watch he . virgil hello ? he Pov - it 's he own reflection in a mirror next to he clothes . Virgil stare at himself stand stock still - wait for a response from the person stare at he . virgil be there ...? slowly realize that what he see be himself . he start move towards the mirror fascinate . Virgil 's Pov - focus on the image as it slowly take shape - become clearer to he . his hand go up to he nose - move it back and forth - laugh at it 's absurdity - then be take with he own smile . he try a smile - come off awkward as he start to stare at he tooth . touch each part of he face he investigate he chin , ear and finally he hair . then he stop - and just stare - and stare at a face that be he own - but so incredibly foreign to he . who be this person ? int . virgil be room - day Jenny start to pack up Virgil 's thing . suddenly there be a burst of laughter from the other room . she look up quizzically int . hospital check - out - day Amy in the check - in area - pace - on a cellphone . amy Duncan - I know the addition to the mall will cost more .. look , I can not do this on the phone - I will be in tomorrow .. yes , I remember they be put the fixture in the lobby - I will get there as well - I be just ask for one more day . int . waiting area - day Jenny - finish pack up Virgil 's thing . virgil ( v.o. ) Amy ? Jenny look up - Virgil stand in the doorway , dress . jennie no - it 's jennie . she move toward he - Virgil pull back - hand out in front of he . jennie I be sorry - I will move slower - I just ... and Virgil 's hand be on she face - eye close - feel . he open he eye - stare blankly - try to figure this out . virgil this be you . jennie this be I . int . hospital hallway - day angle on Amy move down the hall - hearing the voice . int . hospital room - day jennie everything 's go to be alright - we just need to get you home . virgil no , no - I can not go home . I need to be here - see the therapist - doctor 's . I want to be here . jennie but I can not stay here - and you can not do this alone -- who 's go to take care .. .? she stop . realizing . angle on Amy - outside the door - not want to go in . jennie Amy ? she 's go to look after you ? she do not know anything about the blind . virgil I be not blind anymore - and I be not go to let someone I care about walk out of my life again . jennie ( move to he ) it 's not you fault he leave . you can not keep blame yourself . virgil ( beat ) I be stay here . a pause - and jennie move she hand out to he - touch he arm . int . hallway - day Amy feel uncomfortable - start to step away . jennie ( o.s. ) Amy ? Amy turn - jennie in the doorway . jennie Virgil 's finish get ready . could you walk I to my car ? Amy nod - see a element of defeat in jennie 's eye . ext . hospital - late day jennie and Amy stand on the curb near jennie 's car . a moment of uncomfortableness - then : amy you alright ? jennie I be scared to death . I have spend my whole life look for any hole he might fall in . I would run up ahead and cover they . everywhere I look here , I see hole . amy please believe I - I do not want he to get hurt anymore than you do . jennie Amy - when Virgil be very young , he could not see that close to he - so he never learn to reach out . ( turn to she ) do not expect he to reach out when he 's in pain , or confuse , or unhappy . if you really care about he you have to just be there for he . and before Amy can answer , she get into she car - start it up and drive off . ext / int amy's.loft - dusk Virgil slowly get out of the cab , look up at the building - immediately get dizzy and nearly fall over . Amy lunge to help he . Virgil be laugh in spite of himself . virgil this be just great - I do not believe this . what 's that say - stop the world I wanna get off . ethan ( o.s. ) hey Virgil , it 's ethan . Virgil turn to the familiar voice . ethan , basketball under he arm , come out of the building with he Mom , karen colvin . Virgil scan , try to focus on they . virgil that you ethan ? ethan it 's I - and this be my mom . amy Virgil - Karen . karen hi , Virgil - hear a lot about you . ethan you look funny . virgil you should see how I look from this side . amy let 's just get you inside - then you can rest . we will see you later ethan . Karen . and she give Karen a small glance as she take Virgil 's arm as they start towards the stair lead into the building - Virgil suddenly slamm to a halt . virgil wait , wait , what be we do - we're walking into a wall !! Virgil 's Pov - the staircase . a flat image - a solid wall with horizontal line . ethan , surprised , what 's up here ? amy it 's ok - it 's not a wall - it 's just a staircase . you be go to have to trust I on this thing . virgil God , I feel like ... like such a child - I just think see would be different . amy we will get a hold of this Ray webster guy - we will get he help . Virgil step slowly forward - giant baby step - each foot reach out to feel the step before make the commitment . he Pov - the ' wall ' of stair change perspective with each step . like a accordion spread itself out to we . this be all a very bad acid trip . int . amy apartment - dusk virgil be Pov - multi-color balloon , dozen of assort flower , bowl of colorful fruit and streamer intertwined across the room . a candyland of see . virgil man . something explode in you apartment . Amy laugh - pull he into the room . Virgil try to take it all in - not understanding anything . amy I want to do something special for you . virgil it 's make I a little bit dizzy - but it be special . Virgil 's hand go out - Amy move to he - he hold she shoulder . he stare at she . as she turn she head slightly , Virgil be able to focus on she - she eye - she smile . virgil okay - so - this be what beautiful look like . amy thank -you . you want to see the rest . focus on she , Virgil smile , take she face in he hand - lean in and kiss she . she pull back a little . amy I can not believe this - how nervous I be . she kiss he then take a step back . amy what if you do not like what you see ? virgil do you want I to turn off the light ? amy no - no . this be you first see day . ( she start to unbutton she dress ) I want you to see everything . and she drop the dress from she shoulder - it hit the ground - a beat - and she stand there naked . amy ok ? virgil yes , very ok . and she take a step towards he and fold into he arm and as they kiss we slowly fade to black . int . amy loft - night the sound of heavy New York rain . Amy awaken , and see Virgil be go , he side of the bed empty . she look across the room - where she see silhouett against the moonlit window - - Virgil stand next to Amy 's sculpture , he face and body press up against the pane of glass . amy ( wrapping a house coat around she ) Virgil ? Virgil turn around - half face she - the rain on the window decorate he face . virgil I can not sleep - I be afraid if I close my eye ... amy it will be black when you open they again . Virgil nod . a moment and he hand go out to she sculpture . virgil you enjoy sculpting ? amy at first . I like the idea of molding - take the way I see thing up here - - ( touch she head ) - and make it take shape with my hand . virgil but you never finish they . amy piece never come out the way I want - the way I see they . I end up work on they forever - like this one - never get they right . Virgil stare out the window at the rain . virgil this be what rain look like ? amy yeah . virgil it look lonely . not what I expect . but I like it . Amy smile - move into he as he pull she in close and they look out at the night rain . int . roswell -tremont - day Amy work over a cad computer with & draftsman . amy you have get to alter each of the window by five foot ... draftsman this be the specs you give I . amy I know - I be change they - this be better . ( call out ) betsy ! betsy poke she head in . amy can you get I some research on that maple tree we be leave in . they be too big - I want to change they so they fit in with the design better . get rid of the dead weight . betsy do not you have a appointment ? Amy look to she watch . start for she jacket and the door . amy yes , yes . thank - you . Evan here will print out the new specs - give they to Duncan - tell he I will be back in two hour . duncan ( o.s. ) Amy ? Duncan step out of he office . she turn - virtually out the door . amy just give I two hour . and she 's go . ext . nyu campus - next day a few kide smoking on the step . other enter , laden down with book - a small sea parting to allow Amy help Virgil up the step and inside . int . nyu hallway - day they make they way down the hall - past a - room where a group of blind child learn to read braille . Amy can not help but stare at this young face struggle to learn . it 's a whole different world . int . ray webster' office - day a strange space , dark , as all the window be cover . in a jar on the desk - two pickle eyeball stare back at Virgil and Amy wait patiently . there be book everywhere - periodicals stack and overflow on shelf . a dead plant in the corner . ray webster - 60' , almost completely bald , wear a wear nyu sweatshirt , sit at the desk in front of they - flipping through a file in front of he . webster right - ok , Virgil - say here you go blind at one - before you develop a visual vocabulary . ( webster stand - move towards a bookshelf ) you have no sense of depth of field , no knowledge of space , shape , size or distance . basically you eye work but you brain have not learn to process the information . ( beat ) you be mentallv blind . neurologists call this " visual agnosia " . virgil I call it pretty screw up . webster better term . I will make a note of that . webster plop down a large book - flip through some page , then search he pocket : webster dammit amy what ? webster glass , can never find them . ( call out ) Mrs. fenster . Mrs. fenster pop she head in the door - this must be a ritual they have as she instantly pull she glass off and hand they to webster who drop they over he nose . they be clearly woman 's glass - point in the end - little jewel . as Mrs. fenster leave . webster ( refer to the book ) ok . alberto valvo " sight restoration after Long term blindness " - blah-blah -blah . - ah here ... ( read ) " one must die as a blind person to be bear again as a sighted person . however it be the interim , the limbo- - between two world , one dead / the other powerless to be bear - that be so terrible . " ( slamm the book shut ) there . you be in limbo . amy what do you mean - there - he 's in limbo . that 's all you have to offer ? webster what ? - I be Anne bancroft all of a sudden ? I be a professor - I teach people , how to teach the blind how to become independent . ( beat ) there 's no book on what you be go through - I would like to help - but like the rest of thing in life - it 's up to you . virgil wait a minute - up to I ? I think you be go to help I here . webster rummages in he desk - pull out a magazine photo - then digging in a brown paper bag - he pull out a apple . webster you want a lesson ? right - here . what 's this ? he hold out the apple for Virgil - who reluctantly take it - hold it in he hand , eye close , feel it - then open he eye he hold it out in front of he , try to focus on it . he Pov - as the apple slowly take on dimension and shape . virgil it 's a apple . webster good. good. ( hold up the photo ) ok . what 's this now ? Virgil stare at the photo . he Pov - a photo of -- a apple . not that different from the real apple he hold in he hand - he hold the real apple up to compare - use he eye . virgil it 's a apple . webster ( hold the paper out to Virgil ) good. good . but be it a apple or just a picture of a apple ? and Virgil feel the paper and suddenly realize - it 's not a apple - just a representation of one . Virgil be visibly disappointed . virgil so this be a joke ? be that what you be say - you eye lie to you ? great - look forward to this . webster you eyesight can and will play trick on you Virgil . remember that . no matter what I could teach you - no matter what exercise I could give you - they will still play trick on you . virgil that 's all it be right now - one big trick . nothing make any sense . I can not function like this . webster ( he move to he chair ) Virgil - look - you have to learn to see - just like you learn to speak . only this be not like learn a new language - it 's like learn language for the first time . ( he lean forward ) perception - sight - life , be about experience - about reach out and explore the world for yourself . it 's not enough to just see Virgil -- ( he point two finger into he eye ) -- we have get to look as well . and webster turn the finger from he eye outward - to the world . amy ( wound up ) well , thank - you obi Wan kenobi - but that do not tell we anything . what we need be some assistance here - some kind of program - a set of exercise - we be kind of adrift and ... webster Amy - last I check - this be not a game of parcheesi , it do not come with a set of rule . amy I can not believe you be just ... virgil Amy . let 's go . amy no , wait , Virgil ... virgil let 's go. ( stand ) thank - you Dr. webster . webster you want I - I be always here . and Virgil turn and half step - half shuffles towards the door . we hold on Amy 's befuddle face - then : ext . nyu - day Virgil feel he way down the step - Amy rush out after he . amy I be go to call Aaron - get he to recommend someone else . virgil he 's right , Amy . I have get to do this on my own . no one teach you how to see . Virgil start walk stiffly towards the street . Amy hurry after he - grab he just as he be about to step into traffic . amy I be a baby then - I have year to learn - you do not - you need to ... ( anxious ) -- we do not even know what to do - where to start .. Virgil 's hand go out - brushes a mailbox . virgil what 's this - this thing ? Amy look over . amy ( shrug ) what - it 's a mailbox . virgil what color be it ? amy Blue . Virgil stare at it - try to take it in . virgil Blue . ok , good - that 's a mailbox - it 's blue . there - we have start . she say nothing . Virgil sense she apprehension . amy let 's just get a cab , get you home - and tonight we can work on it . ( hand out ) cab ! a cab veer across traffic - pull up to they . virgil I want to walk . I want to see what 's out there . amy Fine . let 's walk . virgil do not you have a job ? amy I be go to make time for this . I promise . virgil go to work . if I need you - I have you number . a beat , she look to Virgil then climb into the cab and it pull away . Virgil look leave , right - try to decide where to start he journey when we see the cab back up in front of he and Amy climb out . amy screw work - let 's go try that eye . int . lecture rall - day Aaron at a podium . the room fill with colleague . a newscrew record the lecture from the back of the hall . aaron now just two week after surgery -- the patient be still have difficulty understanding image , shape , contour - ext . NY CITY STREET - new day Virgil - determine to see - make he way down a street - try to dodge people come at he from all angle . Amy walk a short distance behind he - coax he along . he Pov - people seem to explode out of two dimension into three . this be clearly exhaust . aaron ( cont . ) - and he progress with depth of field have be especially slow ... wham - Virgil collide with a kid on a skateboard - Amy wince as he quickly regains he balance - shake it off - start he journey again - determine . ext . broadway - STREET vnndor - day Amy try to help Virgil take in the confusion of image - explain to he item hang about the stall . it 's clear he 's a little overwhelm - when something familiar catch he eye . he move toward it : he Pov - focus - try to give it shape - it 's a yellow cab - just like the one Amy drive off in - again he focus - reach out - surprisingly wrapping he hand around the car . aaron ( cont . ) Virgil be still very reliant on he touch to interpret object in he surroundings - he then realize it 's a porcelain toy from a souvenir shop . Amy watch he examine it like a child as we hear : ext . STREET corner - day aaron ( cont . ) - and he understanding of three dimensionality be extremely limited and confound to he ... Virgil - he hand all over a small long haire terrier . he look to Amy as he stand . virgil it 's a dog . Amy on she cellphone - try to get work do - nod - yes that 's a dog . Virgil look back at the pup - which have now turn around backwards . virgil now what 's that ? on Amy - disturb by he slow progress . ext . garden market - another day Amy and Virgil be lead through a series of plant and tree by a earthy saleswoman . saleswoman I believe we have just the tree you be look for you lobby . need very little light - slow grow - ah here we be ... Amy and Virgil stop at a large ficus Tree . amy Nice . good . what do you think Virgil ? aaron ( cont ) he be also still have great difficulty " scan " , basically put a whole picture together . Virgil stare at the large tree . up - down - up - down - up - down - up - down - Amy and the saleswoman watch he , Amy want to help but can not comprehend what he 's go through . aaron ( cont . ) if he look at the top of a tree - then scan to the bottom - he 's forget the top by the time he reach the trunk . int . amy work - day angle on Virgil in Amy 's office - stare at a construction sign - future home of etc ... use he finger to outline the letter of the sign - he try to read the word future . he mouth the letter - try to form the word . aaron ( cont ) this include the ability to read . in read a word - he forget the first letter by the time he get to the last . Amy work with a draftsman - glance up to see Virgil struggle with read . int . new york eye hospital - lecture room - day bath in a bank of light , Aaron at the podium continue . Virgil quiet - be seat behind he . aaron ( cont ) -- meaning ... he have a total lack of visual memory . this be a unexpected physiological flaw . we be hopeful Virgil can overcome this . ( beat ) thank - you - that 's all for today . int . new york eye hospital hallway - day Virgil and Amy exit the hall , be immediately surround by reporter and photographer . there 's a sudden flash . Virgil react , pull away . virgil what 's that ? amy a camera - it 's ok - take you - picture . virgil what , by flash I in the face ? flash - there 's another - Amy try to block the light . amy please !! - it 's not good for he . suddenly - there 's a mike in he face , as christie evan reporter from Channel 2 news step forward with camera crew in tow . christie evan Mr. Anderson . Christie Evans eyewitness news . we hear the Doctor speak about you progress - and we be wonder what you expectation be . as Virgil stop - stunne by the light in he face . as he look to Amy we cut to : int . home - late day tv monitor - Virgil turn to camera - start talk to the reporter . as we pull back we hear less and less as we reveal a modest live room . a teenager do homework on a table in the corner and a man - early 60' , rugge - sit on a couch watch the news . man oh my God . he lean forward - he interest pique and he pick up the phone . man information . pinecrest . for a jennie Anderson .. int . restaurant - littte italy - later that night a silver fork hold up in front of we . amy what 's this ? Virgil and Amy sit on the patio of La mela . Virgil 's hand go out for the fork . Amy pull it away . amy uh uh uh . see it first . no cheating . concentrate . Virgil stare hard at it . virgil ( guess ) a pen . I do not know - let I touch it . she hand it to he . virgil a fork . amy right .. now put it down in front of you . how far be it from . virgil twenty foot amy you be not look . virgil dammit , Amy , Amy , I spend all day in front of that panel feel like a guinea pig . every time I open my eye I have to look . can we just sit and have dinner for once ? Amy just stare . it 's clear they be both tired . amy I be just try to help you see . virgil I know . but that 's all it seem we be about . how be you day - what go on at work - how about that ranger - do the stock market hold today - be there anything else go on in we world besides my eye ? amy ( beat ) ok , we have be invite to a party - Duncan 's birthday . a italian waiter appear - put a large plate of spaghetti in front of Virgil and Amy . Virgil be a little repulse by what he see . virgil what 's this - look like worm . amy it 's spaghetti - it 's fine . as Virgil try to maneuver he fork - Amy reach behind she . amy I bring you a present - good for hand eye coordination . she hand he a toy R US bag . he peer inside . virgil great - you go to work building building - I go home with building block . int . roswell - tremont - late day Amy - look a little wear - stare blankly at she computer . a three dimensional rendition of the mall rotate on the screen . Duncan poke he head in . duncan I be here for you to wish I happy birthday . how 's it go ? amy ( distract ) ok . he 's progress , slowly - do the best he can . duncan I be actually wonder about the mall design . we be expect in Atlanta tomorrow - with this plan . amy I can not go to Atlanta tomorrow - not with Virgil 's problem , .. duncan ok , ok ( Duncan move in behind she ) I be sorry . thing be not go so well ? amy ( stare at she work ) he seem blinder now than he ever be . Duncan put he hand on she shoulder - start to knead they . Amy start to relax . amy do you ever wonder why you do the thing you do ? duncan do not get what you expect do you ? amy sometimes I think he 's not go to make it - that he 's never go to be able to see . duncan Amy - listen to I . you like this guy - I see that . you want to help he - it do not work out so hot . you can not punish yourself .. sometimes thing just do not work out the way we want they to - look at we . Amy smile warmly . amy yeah . thanks Duncan . duncan anytime . ( beat , a joke ) now back to work . as he start out of the room , Amy turn stop he . amy hey , happy birthday . int . amy loft - day Virgil sit at the kitchen table stare at everyday kitchen utensil - be hold by ethan . virgil measure cup ? ethan shake he head - no - it 's a cheese grater . Virgil stare again . ethan mime grate cheese . virgil cheese grater . ethan yes - my man . ethan hold up something new - one of that strange spaghetti strainer . now they be both stare at something they do not understand . Virgil look to ethan . ethan get I . virgil ( laugh ) you be no help . how be I suppose to do my homework if ... ethan homework - dude - I be not doin ' homework . Virgil continue to look at the strainer as ethan gravitate towards he cane fold up on the table . ethan ( beat ) you be lucky you get a cane . Virgil look over - see he fascination . virgil you want it . I have be think about throw it out . ethan 's up in a flash . ethan man - really - I can have it ? cool. ( pick it up ) I could be a ninja darth vader fighter with one of this - protect my mom from the evil super . Virgil be up - with the spaghetti strainer in he hand . virgil but first you will have to fight off the evil --- whatever this be . as they joust about - Virgil enjoy himself - there 's a knock at the door . virgil could be the super - go for cover . as ethan duck behind the couch , Virgil make he way to the door , fumble with the handle - he open it to : jennie . Virgil stare at she . we soon realize he have no idea who this be . virgil yes ? Jenny look at he , she eye welling . jennie Virgil - it 's I . and suddenly ethan be there - cane draw like a sword . ethan en garde . jennie startle - look to ethan then Virgil . what 's go on ? virgil jennie ?! jennie .. God , I be sorry - c'mon in - this be my friend ethan - what be you do here ? off jennie 's look : ext . construction site - day Virgil and jennie stand across the street from a building be tear down . hard hatted worker hover about the large truck at work . virgil you want to tell I what we be do here ? jennie point . jennie that 's he . that 's we Father . Virgil look in the direction she 's point - try to focus on a figure move across the lot . the man we see watch tv . virgil I can not - I can not see he . jennie look to he . jennie I think you eye be better . virgil no . I - I do not want to see he . my eye be not good enough - not yet - he will not understand . it will not be enough . Virgil take a step back . jennie he 's we father . he hear about the operation and he 's ask to see you . look here he come . virgil goddamit jennie - I do not want to see he - I do not even know why you bring I here . and Virgil take another step back then turn and start of for down the street leave Jenny alone . int . amy build - night Amy make she way up the stair - roll of plan under she arm . open she door to : int . amy loft - night a totally dark room . she drop she thing . amy Virgil ?... Virgil ?! she flick on the light - to reveal Virgil have be sit in the dark . she look over - see the scattered block on the floor . virgil I be here . I forget about the light sometimes . amy look - about this party tonight - it 's no big deal - maybe we should just ... virgil it 's you partner 's birthday . we should go - besides you want I to meet you friend , right ? amy yeah . right . int . loft - night noisy , crowded - people mill about carry drink - black and silver balloon float about the ceiling . move through the crowd - music blast - Amy introduce people to Virgil over the noise . a waiter walk up to they hold a tray of wine . waiter Glass of wine ? Red - white ? Amy reach out - take one . virgil which be the red ? Amy look at the waiter - then point to one . Virgil 's hand reach out slowly - hover - it 's clear it 's confusing - try to separate out one glass . the waiter look to Amy like " be he ok ? " amy Virgil - here let I . her hand dart in front of he . virgil ( quick ) no! sorry - I mean - I be almost there - I think I get it . and she back off as he hand wrap around a glass - pull it back . at the last second knock over two other glass . virgil dammit . sorry . the waiter - try not to spill on himself . waiter trust I - you be not the first - or probably the last . let I get a cloth . virgil thanks the waiter smile - and as he walk off . Virgil nervously take a large drink of wine . waiter I hope you be drive . suddenly from the front of the room - marshall , the host call out : marshall ok . he 's come up the stair . everybody get ready - kill the light . excitement - a buzz - Virgil look around then click - all the light go out . Virgil panic momentarily . virgil what - what 's happen ? Amy move to he in the near dark room . amy it 's for the surprise - they turn off the light . virgil surprise - yeah . and suddenly the light flood back on , everyone scream : surprise !! Duncan - at the door with betsy - genuinely surprised - catch he breath - then fake a quick heart attack and drop to the floor . the room explode in laughter - Amy include . this action be even more confusing to Virgil . virgil be he ok ? hear this - everyone break into bigger laughter - Virgil now the focus of attention - good naturedly laugh - Amy smile , embarrassed . Virgil take a gulp of he wine , finish it off . later : the Music be cranke ! many couple dance . Virgil exit the bathroom - glance back in the mirror again , at he hair - not sure he like its style . he try brush it to the other side - it 's ok . how about the other way - not so bad - maybe . it 's clear he 's a little tipsy as he keep play with he hair . waiter ( o.s. ) here ya go Virgil . Virgil turn - the waiter stand there hold a glass of wine - place it carefully into Virgil 's hand : virgil cheer , Kevin . amy ( 0.s. ) ( over the noise ) Virgil !! Virgil embarrassed , turn - can faintly hear Amy 's voice over the music . search the room - bop body - balloon be bashed round - light dim . the number of drink he 's have be not help . amy Virgil - - over here !! Amy , stand with Duncan and betsy . duncan maybe he 's blind again . amy do not even think it . c'mon - I want the both of you to meet he - he will never find we here . with virgil - smile as he see Amy , Duncan and betsy move towards he . amy Virgil - I be sorry - I go to get Duncan . Duncan - Virgil . and this be betsy . duncan hey Virgil good to meet you . betsy Heard a lot about you . virgil heyyy ! yeah . good to meet you . Virgil thrust he hand out - collide it into Duncan 's . virgil sorry - thing still get a little cockey sometimes . duncan ( hold up he drink ) few more of this and I will be the same . virgil lemme get Kevin - my man - he will top you up . ke -vin !!! amy Virgil ! virgil what ? uncomfortable - everyone stop . amy nothing . it 's ok . duncan Amy , in Atlanta tomorrow ... amy Duncan - I tell you ... duncan I speak to falk and he ... amy ( can not hear ) what ? Duncan pull Amy in close to talk - shutting Virgil and betsy out . betsy Amy say you have great hand . virgil ( laugh ) she do , do she . Virgil hold they up in front of he face - try to see they . then look past they and watch Amy and Duncan - more importantly look at Duncan 's hair , he clothes . it 's clear he 's become aware of appearance . his own especially . as they break they tete a tete . betsy you know my father be blind for several year , he have cataract as well . somehow this come out patronize . virgil really . I be surprised I do not know he . it 's a club you know . Kevin , the African american waiter come up . kevin yes . Virgil throw he arm around Kevin . virgil Kevin - Duncan here the birthday man - could use himself a drink . Kevin here tell I he 's black - do you know that - I mean look at he - look at I - be not that the damnedest thing . he 's black . Amy be mortify , Kevin laugh . kevin I will get you a drink . Virgil look to Amy . virgil what 's that look ? amy what look ? virgil I have never see you face that way before . it 's .. . weird . what do it mean ? before she can answer - a dance song break out - betsy wrap she arm around duncan' . betsy come on Duncan - let 's dance - move that old bone . Duncan only acknowledge betsy 's contact with a raise eyebrow to Amy . duncan what the hell it 's my birthday -- nice to meet you Virgil - see you at the open . and they be go onto the floor . Virgil watch he - see the ease with which Duncan move , handle thing . virgil open ? amy the lobby we design . Virgil - you can not ... virgil let 's dance . Virgil take she arm and pull she out on the floor . Amy - ready for one of Virgil 's wild dance take hold of he hand . the music blaring , Virgil start to get into it - Amy start to relax - then Virgil slowly notice how everyone else be dance - more conservative . he 's even get some look from people . slowly he wind down - try to mimic what everyone else be do - end up in just a slow shuffle . Amy watch he - see he 's uncomfortable - move to he - but Virgil turn on he heel and stride away . Amy follow after he . int . loft - corner - night Virgil stand near the glass door lead to a outdoor balcony . Amy come up to he - find Virgil face a wall - eye shut . amy what be you do ? Virgil 's head cock slightly towards she - just like when he be blind . virgil I feel like rip Van winkle . I have wake up from a thirty year sleep - and the world 's pass I by . amy it 's just dance . who care ? Virgil whirl on she - he hand on she shoulder to steady he look at she . virgil no-no-no-no . it 's not the goddamn dance . I want to come here tonight - show you I could " fit " in . like the big boy do . Big see boy . yes . well , I do not . do not . amy it 's just go to take time . you be not ready . we should not have come . virgil no - I - I , should not have come . you want I to see - but you know what - you know what - shit - I do not belong in the wonderful world of see . Amy reach out to he . amy Virgil look . Amy realize what she just say - Virgil pull he arm away . virgil no , I will not . I be tired of look . fuck look and the horse it come in on . and he spin to get away from she and take a step crash right into the slide glass door which explode in a shower of little crystal . the party slam to a halt - Amy stand stunne . Virgil shake - tiny cut on he face . amy oh my God , be you alright ? Virgil slam he eye shut . virgil yeah , I be just fine . take I home . int . amy loft - next morning Virgil , small nick on he face , wake up - roll over - feel the empty bed beside he . look up to see Amy pull she coat on - suitcase at she side . amy do not want to wake you . virgil you be go . amy I will only be a couple of day . virgil this be not work . amy what - we be not work - you eye - what 's not work ? virgil I get up every morning - I look in the mirror - and I stare at a total stranger . I stare and I stare - and no matter how hard I look - I do not see Virgil there anywhere . and the more I look at you ... amy what ? you do not see I ? virgil I see you better when I be blind . amy well , you be not blind any more . I be sorry if that disappoint you . ( beat ) I have get a plane to catch . I be go to go before we say thing we do not mean . and she grab she bag and be out the door . as we hold on Virgil 's face . at the window - Virgil look out - watch Amy get in the cab . as she drive away we see Virgil watch the car recede - then he hand go out . he Pov - he hand grasp at the tiny disappear cab - try to hold onto it like in Times Square - try not to let it go . int . falk board room - day close on - Amy 's sketches . the mall have be integrate into the two large tree - give it shelter and shape . falk ( o.s. ) I love it . Amy and Duncan sit across from falk , a man in he 40' - earn everything he 's get - no bullshit kinda guy . falk but we already cut that tree down . ext . nyu campus - day kid milling about . a young couple neck unabashedly against a wall . we see this be Virgil 's Pov - he 's watch - people together . int . nyu hallway - day Virgil make he way down the hall . stop at a open doorway - a sign next to it with raise letter in braille . as he hand feel across it - he also read the visual letter - Dr. Ray webster . peer inside - he see a Lab - full of the newly blind - some teenager - a couple of adult - a handful of seeing impaired - all learn to use a cane . the rapid tapping of they cane like a room full of typewriter . Virgil watch - the blind work they way around a small obstacle course - many of they run into desk , table - it 's tough , frustrating work . suddenly Virgil feel someone next to he . webster . webster you want to join we . Virgil watch the blind . virgil no - no - I will wait for you out here - when you be do . as Virgil move off to a hallway bench : webster Virgil Virgil turn as webster toss he something . Virgil miss it - it hit the ground - he reach down - find it , he pick it up - it 's a apple . he look to webster who smile back at he . webster I will be do in a minute . int . HOTEL lobby - atlanta - dusk Amy and Duncan walk through the lobby to they room . a little combo play music in the adjacent bar - a few people on the tiny dance floor . amy you would think he would have tell we . I mean that tree be in the photo . duncan we will just have to win he over tomorrow . let I buy you a drink - get that creative juice go . amy ( look at she watch ) aw - no - I really ... but Duncan have she by the arm - and in one spin have she in a dance embrace . this move seem comfortable , familiar to they both . duncan c'mon - listen , they be play we song . amy ( laugh ) mack the knife be we song ? int . webster be lab - later webster be clean up after class . Virgil watch some of the teenage kid and adult find they way out of the room . as the last of they leave . webster ok - I be just about do here - I get a place for you - relax that eye a bit . int . strip club - night a table front and center . some empty beer glass in front of they . two full one in they hand - they be both a little in they cup . a stripper grind and weave she way about the small dance floor to the sound of talk head " Burning down the House " . virgil ( eyeing the girl ) you want to know the truth -- God 's honest truth ? see 's be the shit . webster you get to be kid I son . you can say that - sit here in this prime view seat . forget fix you eye - we be go to get you head examine . virgil I be serious . I be better off blind . people do not have this expectation of you you can not live up to . you be blind - fine - they deal with it . webster do not get what you expect do you ? virgil when I be blind - I have a image of what everything be , up here ... ( point to he head ) now - it 's all different - not at all what I would expect - not what I would hope for . webster Virgil , let I explain something here . when you be blind - you deal with thing one at a time - sequentially right ? a wall lead to a door to a tree to a car . that 's how you get to what you want - right . ( beat ) see people - for better or worse - deal with everything all at once - take in the whole picture - which sometimes confuse the hell out of what they want . ( beat ) Virgil , my advice after three beer - do not be afraid to take in the whole picture - just do not lose sight of what you want . virgil what I want be to make it work with Amy . webster and what do she have to say virgil she just want I to see . webster it 's that important be it ? virgil you know what I learn a long time ago . see girl like see guy . ( beat ) I be not go to let she down . int . HOTEL bar - night 102 Amy and Duncan be dance - they seem good together . nothing fancy - but they move as one about the floor . duncan see - not so bad . amy not so bad . duncan it 's nice to dance together again . amy yeah . duncan you remember ...? amy first time we dance - Connecticut . we watch the leave turn - so much to see - I would love to go back . duncan so would i. ( beat ) what happen to we Amy ? you be so intent on fix everything - why would you give up on we ? amy I learn some thing can not be fix . we get marry for all the wrong reason . I do not think I fall in love with you as much as I fall in love with architecture . duncan ( serious ) I never fall in love with architecture - but I know I fall in love with you . amy now - that 's bullshit . duncan it use to work . they smile at each other - everything 's easy right now - pause - they dance - Amy look up at Duncan - who hesitates - then lean in and kiss she . a moment and Amy pull away slightly - look down for a second - then she lean back in and they kiss again . we hold on this kiss , then cut to : int . HOTEL room - night black - we hear movement - then a light come on in the bathroom . Amy stand there clutching she clothes - stare into the mirror . in the background we see Duncan curl up asleep in bed . Amy stare at herself long and hard . amy ( whisper ) oh , God . and she start to dress : duncan Amy ? - what 's go on - what time be it ? click - he flick the bedside lamp on - squinting - find Amy . she do not talk - keep dress . duncan what 's wrong ? amy what 's wrong ? this be ' a mistake - a big mistake . go back to sleep - you have get a important meeting tomorrow . duncan I have get ? - hold on here - you be not bail out on I - I need you . amy ( flat ) for the meeting . duncan of course for the meeting . dress , she move toward the doorway - Duncan sit up in bed . amy I be go home . duncan to be a babysitter . she stop at the door . amy can not we for once be adult - face the fact that we have just make a colossal error ? duncan Fine - this be stupid , there - happy ? - but goddamit Amy - I still care about you . where do you actuallv think any of this be go to lead with this guy ? amy I do not know - but the one good thing to come of this mess tonight - I know I want to find out . and she 's go - wham . ext . amy loft - dusk a cab pull up - Amy get out - look up at she loft - it 's dark . int . amy loft - dusk Kitchen light on - a pile of ethan 's block on the table . Amy make she way over to see it read : on the roof ext . amy roof - dusk Amy open the door and see Virgil lean against the parapet wall , stare out at the night Manhattan skyline . after a moment , he walk back to the other end of the roof , turn and slowly walk - toward the parapet wall again - all the time stare at the skyline - with a smile and look of amazement on he face . amy hi Virgil turn - find she . virgil hey . Amy start toward Virgil . amy whatcha do ? virgil it 's the craziest thing . you start back over there - focus on a building . and when you walk towards it - it change - each step make it look different . I start out just look for the horizon . amy you can not see it from here - too many building . virgil but it 's still there - even though you can not see it - right ? you gotta have faith it 's there . thing exist beyond what I can see - I just have to take it on faith . she come up next to he - Virgil , look out over the wall turn to she - study she face : virgil you have so many look ? amy there 's something I have to tell you . I be get confuse - which be no excuse for how I have act , but ... virgil wait - no - this be not you fault - I be the one 's be a shit . you be too hard on yourself - expect too much of yourself . amy Virgil virgil ( stop she ) let I say this . every day of my life - I have wish for just one thing . amy to see . virgil to be whole . for just one month . for just one day or one minute . for one goddamn half a second . and not just to be able to run , or ride a bike , or drive a car . ( beat ) but for once not to have a bruise from bump into something or to stand in a room and have to ask " be anyone here " and here that dead silence , know someone be there . not to have food on my sweater , or have to put my finger in my glass to know when it 's full . I just want to be whole . ( beat ) I go to see my father the other day . Amy move toward he . virgil I could not face he . I feel like I be let he down . I feel like I be let you down . amy no virgil no , listen . I give up year ago - I be not go to give up now . Amy - that day I meet you - for the first time in my life I feel someone need I as much as I need they . I do not want you to give up on I . Amy out of breath - feel a surge of love for this man - move in kissing he . a long kiss - then : virgil besides I could not leave you - I owe too much in back rent . and as Amy pull he into embrace - we hold on she face - then : int . lecture hall - day close on - Dr. Aaron - harsh light wash he out . aaron up until the operation five week ago - Virgil have be a touch person - someone who 's vocabulary , whole sensibility , he picture of the world be base on tactile -- non-visual term . int . downtown ateletic club - day a health instructor - 50 's Jack lalaine type - be give Virgil the tour of the facility . they enter the weight / workout room . various shape and size of people work out on various shape and size of workout machine . Aaron 's voice - over continue as Jack motion to Virgil to follow he .. Virgil hesitates . he Pov - chrome , iron , plastic - but somehow it 's more define than we have see before . determined - Virgil start he way into the gym - hand ' out brush by what he see in front of he . aaron ( cont ) but - now - as a sighted person - by focus singlemindedly on he goal , Virgil have a new find ability to understand he own physical relationship to object in he life around he ... Virgil now drop he hand - start move through the maze of people and equipment - actually " see " he way . aaron ( cont . ) distance , size , shape - perspective - now all have profound meaning to he ... ext . health club - day Virgil negotiate a glass door - exite the building . aaron ( cont ) and though there be still mile to go in he learn process - for all medical intent and purpose - he be become a see person . Virgil walk down the street - deftly dodging a kid on a skateboard - throw out he hand to hail a cab . aaron ( cont . ) this be a extraordinary achievement and advancement for medical science and a tribute to Virgil 's determination to see . int . lecture hall - day aaron ( cont ) lady and gentlemen - Virgil Anderson . applause and Virgil look to Amy in the audience , stand - a see man - and easily make he way to the podium . stand in the light he readjust the microphone - move it up from the much short Aaron . virgil ( clear he throat ) since this may be one of we last session - be there any question ? voice in the dark Mr. Anderson - be there something you be surprised to see for the first time - something that look quite different than you think ? virgil breast . ( laughter ) no , really . do not get I wrong - I love they - they just be not what I expect . voice what about you girlfriend ? virgil whose do you think I be talk about ? laugh . another voice in the dark now that you be fully see - what be you look forward to most ? virgil not have to do this session . ( laugh ) no - actually - be independent . voice can you read yet ? virgil no , but ... voice will you ever be able to ? virgil I do not know . voice if you can not read - will you ever be able to drive ? virgil ( suddenly somber ) I do not know . voice well how can you say ... familiar voice ( interrupt ) Virgil . after so many year of darkness - describe what it be to actually see . angle on the Voice in the dark . webster . close on - Virgil - as he think about the question . int . roswell -tremont - amy office - late day close on - the Atlanta project . miniature size . and a set of plan laid out across Amy 's desk . Virgil 's hand come into frame - touch the model - move to the plan - touch they . on virgil - alone in Amy 's office - look at she work . we go to he face - he eye - we see that he be see Amy 's work . amy ( o.s. ) you be here . Virgil look up - Amy at the doorway . virgil the Atlanta project - I think it go away . amy Duncan do some song and dance - falk 's come to the lobby open tomorrow - see we work . virgil I see it Amy . amy what 's that ? virgil you world . what you do . the plan - the work the idea . the molding . for the first time I really see what you do - and not just up here ... ( he point to he head ) but in here . Virgil 's hand go out to she chest - place it on she heart . amy ( move in close , sexy ) tonight be you night something special I want to show you virgil what be it ? smash to . ext . build - late day amy ( v.0 . ) everything . top of the world trade CENTER the sun start to set - the whole of the five burrough of New York laid out in front of we . Virgil move to the edge - look out over this amazing panorama . Amy move up next to Virgil - they take it in a moment . amy that 's the Brooklyn Bridge , Empire State Building , Chrysler building just over there ... virgil Amy , look at I . amy what ? virgil this face - this be everything . it 's all I have ever want to see . ( he watch she ) you have so many look . what do all that look mean ? amy well . let 's see . this ... ( make corresponding face ) ... be sad . this ... be frustrated . this ... be tired . this .. be confuse . this .. be happy . and this ... ( she face soften ) ... be what in love look like . Virgil put he hand on she face - look at it carefully . virgil this look - this look I love . Amy lean forward and kiss he - and he soon forget it even happen . as they kiss we pull slowly back and away as the sun go deep gold and we start to hear what sound like rain : we cut to : int . amy loft - night and they be still kissing - and we realize they be in the shower - together - kissing - explore - very sensual . as Virgil move to kiss she neck - she breast - Amy 's head tilt back in to the spray . amy Virgil - it 's raining . and he move up again - look she in the eye - and for a moment he eyesight shudder ever so slight1y - it go away and they kiss again . ext . amy loft - morning Amy and Virgil on the street - each hail separate cab . amy so - eight o'clock tonight . virgil eight o'clock - building open - I have not forget . she blow he a kiss and she 's go . Virgil watch she cab pull away - clear something be bother he . he Pov - he vision go in and out . then clear , then cloud again . int . downtown athletic club - day Virgil 's massage room . not as organize as he have at bear mtn.. Virgil be work on a overweight man - he back be splotchy from too much sun . Virgil massage - become preoccupy with he skin 's imperfection - lose he concentration . overweight man hey , Virgil - I be the one suppose to fall asleep here . virgil yes - sorry . he close he eye - get back into he rhythm . int . athletic club - later Virgil , pack over he shoulder leave for the day - about to cut through the weight room - when it suddenly come to a halt . his Pov - he vision fade in and out - and then suddenly quick flash of black . on the final black : we smash to : int . new york hospital - day Virgil at the desk . the nurse look up . virgil daphne - I need to see Dr. Aaron - right away . it 's a emergency . int . new york hospital - exam room - day Dr. Aaron be again examine Virgil on the electroretinogram . done , Aaron pull the machine out of the way . look at Virgil - rub he hand across he face . virgil what do that mean ? aaron what ? virgil what you just do ? Virgil imitate he . aaron it mean - the machine be only register spark of activity - retinal spark - follow by nothing . how long have this be go on ? virgil I do not know - first I think I be tired - some blur - occasional cloudiness but it 's be get worse . today I be get complete blackout . aaron you retinal function be down ten percent . I be afraid - you retinal disease seem to have return . virgil you be afraid . what do that mean - I think you correct it . you tell I I be a ' see person ' . aaron now , you have every right to be upset . maybe you do not have the blood vessel to supply enough oxygen to the retinas . - possibly some trauma - there be so many variable ... ( beat ) to be honest , I do not know . I wish to God I do . Virgil stand , anxious - start pace . virgil ok . you be the expert . tell I - what do we do now - how do we repair this ? aaron Virgil . I -- I wish there be a nice way to say this . Virgil back away - do not want to hear it . virgil no - there be no nice way to say it be there . no nice way to let the man know it 's all over - that .. he 's go blind again ! aaron Virgil , I understand what ... virgil no you do not ! do not ever say that . you will never understand . ever ! Aaron stand there - say nothing - try to let Virgil 's anger dissipate . a long moment . virgil how long ? aaron hard to say . month - few week - ( beat ) day . Virgil stand there stunne - then look to Aaron . virgil God , what do I tell Amy ? what do I tell she ? on Virgil 's face . int . eye institute hallway - day Virgil step into the hall - see : a five year old boy - blind - eye half shut - hand reach out , plodd it ' a half circle over to where he mother wait for he . and we see the realization on Virgil 's face of see he past - and what he will return to : ext . street - day Virgil running , running , best he can - through the crowded street - hand out - bump into people - desperate - scared - try to run from himself - from he fate . wham - he come to a stop - out of breath - he look leave - right - where do you go - then see something off screen . his face tear with fear - he move forward - hand out - reach to a window - to he own reflection . and we push slowly in on the reflection as he touch the window - he hand on he face - a face he may never see again - and a cloud pass overhead and he reflection be go . ext . construction site - day Virgil stand at the site - amidst the rubble and mud . his Father walk slowly over to he - raise he arm to embrace he . Virgil take a step back - not , ready - he father stop , understand - look he son up and down . father you look good . hey - how do I look ? virgil I need some answer . why would you leave ? because I be blind - or because I quit try to see ? father to the point - I like that - something you get from I . virgil cut the bullshit - " dad " . I do not hear from you for over twenty year - then you find out I can see and all of a sudden you show up ? father ( look around ) hey . virge - can we talk about this later , huh ... virgil no , not later . now ! be my blindness so wrong that make you tear we family apart . Virgil 's rile he father . he step towards Virgil try to speak under he breath . father every morning I wake up and look at you and see my own failure . if I could not get my own son to see then ... what difference do any of this make - you can see now - hell , I know you could . Virgil watch he father - this stranger . his eye start to well . virgil I be go blind again . his Father look at he - stunne . he reel from the news - take a step back . father no ... virgil the doctor tell I today . you be the first person I have tell . I want to come see you before it be completely go . father ( speechless ) a beat and Virgil 's father take another step back , then turn and walk away - forever . ext . new build - late day Virgil stand across the street . try to take in the building ext . new build - late day stand at the front as a security guard open the door . guard sorry the building do not open until tonight . virgil I know . I be Virgil Anderson ... with roswell tremont . we do the lobby . I be here to check some detail for tonight . guard oh , okay , sure Mr. Anderson . int . lobby - late day the lobby be pretty , straightforward . open - a few plant - a large central check in desk . simple - unobtrusive - nothing exceptional or unique . Virgil move he way about the lobby - look at it carefully from every possible angle - he hand graze across wall , entranceways - desperately commit as much as he can to memory - finally end up in the middle of the room in a final attempt to absorb as much as he can . guard ( o.s. ) you want to see that the thing work ? virgil thing ? what thing ? guard this thing the Guard reach over - hit a switch - and against one section of window a wall of water come drip down - cause a shower of indoor rain - the sound instantly echoing off of the wall . Virgil smile - move toward it - close he eye - listen to the indoor rain - really take in the room have total empathy with what Amy have create . int . amy loft - bathroom Virgil , wrap in a towel , be shave . but he have he eye close . Amy come in , dress beautifully - use the mirror to put she earring in . Virgil quickly open he eye . virgil you nervous ? amy no - not a bit . what do you think ? she pivot for he . virgil you look great . amy really . not too flashy ? ( she look in the mirror , she be nervous ) I be go to change . Virgil let she go - call to she . virgil this be a important night for you . amy but you know what 's most important ... ( she poke she head in ) that you be go to be there to see it . Virgil turn to the mirror , stare at himself - contemplate what he 's up against . int . new build - night the lobby be fill with business type , waiter circulate with champagne , tiny hor - d'oeuvre . Virgil and Amy enter - stand at the top of the stair lead to the party . Virgil immediately go into a performance for Amy . amy so . virgil Amy , it 's good - very good . I be proud of you . I love the detail - plant pot in the corner , the molding ... ( beat ) it 's get genuine line . amy ( excited ) look around - do you see it ? virgil what ? he look about the room - then turn towards the indoor rain . he Pov - clear - then slight haziness - a momentary flash of black - then back in focus . he turn to Amy . put he arm around she . virgil we rain . amy you rain . duncan hey Virgil . he extend he hand . Virgil , oblige slowly extend he - have trouble focus - but Duncan help he - take hold of it and shaking it . duncan still work on that hand shake you will get it do not worry . virgil congratulation - the place look great . duncan thanks - here 's the genius though - I just get the gig . can I steal she away falk ' over there and I can not tell if he 's impressed with we work or just have gas from the pate . virgil go - do you thing . amy I will be right back . there 's food and drink down on the floor . Duncan and Amy start down the stair as Virgil try to find a safe place to stand . his eyesight fade in and out - he look around - decide to negotiate the step : he take one step on the stair - look down - be able to see Amy with falk and Duncan , look up at he - she smile - he do he best - smile back - let go of the handrail - take another step - finally reach the bottom floor . he stand there for a long moment - lose as to where to move . a glimpse towards the rain sculpture and he start towards it use the sound to help guide he . Amy look over - see Virgil move across the floor - give he a little wave - he do not notice she . at the rain Virgil stand take in the sound . a figure come up next to he . virgil quite a party . Love the detail of the building . webster sometimes the detail do not matter . Virgil stop - turn to webster . virgil Ray . what be you do here ? webster Aaron call I . he be worried . I have be try to find you - Amy 's office tell I you be here . it 's bad ? virgil it 's almost go . last few day have be pretty bad . webster obviously Amy do not know . virgil it 's go to break she heart . this be she big night - I do not want to ruin it . think I could pull it off . webster ( beat ) you can not avoid this forever . Virgil turn back towards the rain . virgil I know ( beat ) so Ray ? be it better to have see and lose than never to have see at all ? webster I think it be love and lose . Amy come up to they . amy Dr. webster - this be a surprise . webster Virgil invite I - want to show you off I think . the place be terrific - he 's get every right to be proud . amy thank -you . I need Virgil for a moment - schmooze time . webster shmooze away . virgil ( as he 's lead away ) thanks Ray . I will call you . angle on - Duncan stand anxiously with falk and he wife donna as they arrive . amy Virgil - I would like you to meet Jack falk and he wife donna up from Atlanta . virgil please to meet you . donna Amy tell we you be blind . Amy spurt out a glass of wine . Virgil deflect the comment . virgil that 's ok - nice to see someone so honest . falk Amy tell we you be she inspiration . any help you can give we with we project ? virgil I be a little biased but I kind of like Amy 's original design . falk but could we do better . Amy jump in with . amy we could do better , Mr. falk - a lot better . falk good , I like that attitude . let 's keep try for perfection . everyone smile - Amy wrap she arm around Virgil . amy that 's right - that 's why I have get Virgil . pleasant laughter all around - and as Amy and the other continue - we push in on Virgil as he take in this think . ext . new build - night Virgil and Amy out front . people leave - Duncan get into a town car with falk and he wife - he look back - give the thumb up and climb in after they . the car pull away into the night . virgil you wanna walk - I feel like some air . amy see what we see ? sure . virgil can I take you arm - eye a little tired . as they walk . virgil you really make the place come alive with that fountain . amy thank -you. ( beat ) you know I have be think - you be do so great now - and if we get this new design job we would have some extra money - I think we should go on a big see celebration . virgil ( take aback ) a see celebration ? amy yeah , maybe in a couple of month . I look into Egypt - we could see the pyramid - we could see it together for the first time . what do you say ? virgil you know - there be something I would like to see . amy of course , anything . virgil the ranger play tomorrow . season will be over before we know it - could be we last chance . amy the ranger . sure , why not ? black then a tiny pinpoint of light ahead - one that grow increasingly larger as we move towards a SOUND . a hum that grow in intensity until the light fill the frame and bam - we exit the tunnel and we be : int . madison square garden - night that glorious first view - people - the white ice shine below like a giant jewel - and the player - in bright color scurrying about the play surface below . amy this be amazing - be not it ? she look to Virgil who be awed by what he be see . then suddenly on he face - a flash - one of that moment of darkness . amy should we find we seat . look like the game 's already start . virgil yeah - I - I will follow you . int . garden - seat - later Virgil and Amy in the loge seat - on the aisle - up behind the goal . Amy look at the stadium while Virgil next to she , watch the game best he can . amy I love the stadium the way it 's structure ... virgil Amy - the game ... amy right - the game . smash - a hard check into the board deep in the ranger end of the ice . the puck squirt out gretzky pick it up - fire it across ice - one , two it 's back to he and he have a wide open break from center ice - the crowd be out of they seat - Virgil include - Amy quickly get catch up in the enthusiasm . on Virgil 's face - watch gretzky skate towards he - excited - then lose he - another flash of blackness - like a blow to the head - and we hear the crowd suddenly explode - and as Virgil 's vision regains we see the player mob Wayne after he goal - the little red light behind the net the only evidence of it happen . we see the frustration as Virgil realize he will never see it . amy he score , he score - you see that - it be amazing . as the player make they way to center ice - the crowd sit and Amy see the expression again on he face . amy what ? that be good right ? virgil yeah - it be great - I be just ... suddenly Virgil become transfix . walk down the aisle , away from he : a vendor - carry a tray of pink cotton candy . Virgil stare at it a moment - transfix - then like in a trance - he stand - step out into the aisle - a man on a mission . amy Virgil , where be you go ? and he 's on the stair - carefully move down the stair toward the vendor . then she see the vendor - hand Virgil a large cotton candy - round and puffy like a cloud - but something he can hold in he hand . Amy can not believe it - watch Virgil - he fascination at find this long lose memory . amy the puffy thing . angle on Virgil turn - admire he prize - then look up , try to find Amy - who wave to he excited . he Pov - scan the crowd - it 's hazy - then flash of dark . Amy 's face - suddenly drop - it 's clear , even though she be only four row up - he do not see she . int . madison square garden - night game be over - Virgil be pack up he stuff - Amy stare . at he . amy Virgil , what 's happen ? virgil just have a bad eye day . a lot to take in . amy tell I . what 's go on ? virgil nothing . I see almost nothing . Amy : she feel like she 's about to explode . amy oh God . virgil it 's ok . amy ok ?!! virgil it 's ok for you to cry . amy ( recover ) no , no - I be not go to cry . solve the problem . we make it through one operation - we will make it through another . we will not give up . we will get this right - we just need to ... virgil I see Dr. Aaron . there 's nothing they can do . amy then we will find another Doctor . there 's get to be someone else . we will find something that work . virgil do not you get it - I can not go through this again . amy so just like that - we just forget it - give up ? why the hell have not you tell I what be go on ? virgil ( whirl on she ) because of this !! amy what this ? virgil you ! not let it go - think there 's a solution . goddamit , I be not design flaw in you fuck work that you can just change to make work or throw away because it do not meet you expectation . ( beat ) let 's face it - it 's over !! amy Virgil , give it time , you will see . virgil no ! I will not ! this conversation be end !! int . amy apartnent - night the door swing open - Amy and Virgil enter - Virgil move towards the bed - pull out he duffel bag . amy what be you do ? virgil I be leave . amy what do you mean leave - you be leave this apartment - you be leave New York - you be leave I ? Virgil turn - they stand across the room from each other - mile apart . virgil I be go home . Amy walk toward he , pick a battle , rejection . amy so you be big sister can take care of you - feed you tv dinner for of you life . Virgil try to side step she . virgil I be not go to go through this bullshit again . Amy move in front - confront he amy be that what this have all be to you - bullshit ? virgil yes !! who the hell be we fool ? I be blind - I be not mean to see - I do not belong here . amy God damn right you be blind . you want to live in you own little world - this perfect world that you sister build for you - where no one can touch you ... where no one can reach you . virgil do you know the reason why I remember the cotton candy all that year ? because I go to the game with my father . and it 's the only good thing I can remember about he . the rest be he push I to be something I be not - then turn he back on I the minute he plan fail . amy I be not turn my back on you . you want I to give up on you - you love the self pity . virgil I do not want you to give up on I . but you will not give up on I see . amy because there must be other option . virgil not anymore . Virgil , avoid she , sidestep quickly past she - straight into the lamp , which crash to the ground and break . darkness . virgil dammit . a short few step then a much larger crash - the sound of a large heavier thing break . amy Virgil !! Amy feel she way to the light - and turn they on . we see that Virgil have collide with Amy 's sculpture of the woman . he sit among the piece on the floor . Virgil - feel the damage . amy ( go to he ) be anything break ? virgil no - no bone be break . Virgil use the wall to stand - then - with he hand out in front of he he find he way to the bed . virgil it 's finish - can not you see that ! we both do not get what we want . amy ( quietly ) I never mean to hurt you . virgil when you ask I to come here - do you ever think this be not go to work - that for one minute I may not be able to see . ( beat ) do you ever think it would be ok to have a relationship with a blind man ? Amy - a pause .. too long . virgil there 's my answer . and he grab he duffel and pack - throw the last few thing in - and move to the door - leave . int . bus - night - raining Virgil riding - crossing the George Washington Bridge - go home . he look out the window - see the recede city - and he close he eye - listen to the rain . ext . pinecrest - MAIN STREET - night the Bus come down the main street of pinecrest . stop - the bus door open and Virgil get out - and turn to face up the street - the street he know so well that be so foreign to he right now . ext . virgil and jennie be - night the door open . jennie smile warmly , reach out to he . jennie welcome home . int . home - night Virgil and jennie enter he place - to be greet immediately by : sophie bound across the floor towards they - tail wag - tongue hang out . virgil Sophie !? and he bend down to hug she . Sophie lap at he face . Virgil hold she back to get a good look at she . virgil let I look at you . you be so beautiful .. yes . jennie watch she brother - happy to have he home . hope to get he back to ' normal ' . int . virgil be home - later Virgil walk around , touch thing , see the simplicity of he life . nothing on the wall - no decoration - no plant . everything functional . he realize this be a home design by he sister . he move over to the photo of the family . he on he dad 's shoulder . stare at it - at he father and mother for the first time . jennie Mom and dad . Virgil just stare . jennie everything 's as you leave it . nothing 's change . virgil Jen - I be pretty tired - I would like to be alone . the phone ring . ring again . Virgil do not move - he apprehension be clear - he know who it be . jennie see this and move toward the phone . Virgil turn and walk out onto the front porch - follow by Sophie , as he sister pick up the phone in the background . ext . virgil be porch - night he sit down - look into the night as we hear jennie faintly on the phone . a beat and she hang up . we hold on Virgil : ext . pinecrest STREET - day Virgil walk down Main street . see he town - a town he grow up in but now seem so foreign . Virgil seem oddly disturb by what he see . the yellow bus drive by - full of kid - Carl at the helm . somehow it 's not what he expect . int . roswell -trrmont design firm - day Amy organize all she work on the Atlanta project - - the original design - the new design with the tree - then she see : the sketch she make of the " dance tree " . her eye hold - and she slowly shut they - and with they tightly close - she hand reach out and run along the drawing . ext . pinecrest - end of MAIN STREET - day we find Virgil stand - look out at the end of the street where he stand with Amy . in front of he he see : the " dance tree " . virgil be Pov - a retinal spark - a quick glimpse of the intertwined tree - one lover choose between two other . int . firehouse - late day Virgil - stand in the middle of the room . look about at what be at one time so special to he . now it just seem old and dingy - the magic be go . he close he eye for a moment - listen - cock he head to the leave - the right - but there be nothing there . ext . town library - late day Virgil stand outside - stare at a building he 's never see - never be inside . he Pov : flicker a moment . int . library - sunset Virgil now sit at a table . stack and stack of life magazine splay out in front of he . he be flipping through they at a rapid rate - like a drown man search for air . image - car , JFK , the pyramid , Martin luther King , house , flower , Marilyn Monroe , that napalm burn little girl in viet nam , African mask , dachau prisoner , Nixon , Warhol painting , the mona Lisa , that vulture watch over the little baby , the eiffel tower , first man on the moon , the venus De milo , that guy in front of the tank in tianaman square .. and the pyramid . the picture go by fast and furious - Virgil soaking they up like a sponge - life , beauty , horror , great people , great event ... and we move in on he face - absorb this image for the last time - a face fill with anguish at a world disappear . and we cut to : ext . amy roof - sunset Golden ray of the late afternoon sun . Amy on the roof - lean on the parapet - watch the horizon . then a think come to she . and mimick what Virgil have do - she walk back to the other end of the roof , turn and look out towards the skyline again ... then start slowly walk towards the parapet till she reach the wall again . the reaction on she face - she do not " see " it - not like Virgil do . int . virgil be home - day Virgil be shifting furniture in he house . a table - move it to the window - move a chair to join it - stand back to have a look at it . he Pov - a moment of clear - then haze - then dark - then haze . Virgil rub he head - this last day of sight have be painful and exhaust for he . jennie ( o.s. ) hello ! she 's at the door . Virgil cock he head in she direction . jennie I pick up some thing at the store - t-shirt , I be sure you be out , some sock ... virgil jennie , what 's at the end of Main Street ? jennie well - I think it 's vivian 's little stationery ... virgil Beyond all the store - past firehouse . what happen when this be no more Main Street ? jennie well - there 's nothing really - you know that . ~ virgil no ! you tell I that 's all there be . that 's wrong . there 's a helluva lot out there . jennie surprised at where this be go . jennie I tell you what you need to know . virgil what be within my reach . jennie what more do vou want ? virgil be not there anything more that vou want ? jennie be this about we father - he call tell I ... virgil no . this be not about he . jennie - you have spend you whole life as blind as I be . the world do not stop within we reach . jennie Virgil , please . this be you home . stop think about what 's out there - thing that will never matter to you . you be safe here where everyone ... virgil where everyone what !? jennie know you . virgil can protect I ?! ( beat ) jennie , this place be a wonderful safe haven for I grow up . I know that . ( look around ) and I can only imagine what you give up to keep this world for I . I thank you and love you from the bottom of my soul . but now I want to give you you life back . jennie Virgil , I - I can not ... virgil you can Virgil reach out he arm for she to join he . virgil I be reach out , jennie . this get jennie and she go to he , really hugging he for the first time as tear flow from she eye . int . amy loft - late day Amy , dress in sweat pants and tee shirt sit on the ground , try to piece the sculpture back together . it 's a difficult fix . knock knock duncan Amy - you in there . amy go away . she scrape some plaster into a dust pan . we hear enter a key in the door - and the door open . Duncan duncan I know keep this key would come in handy one day . what a mess - what happen ? amy it break - I be try to fix it . duncan so - guess what ? amy I be not in the mood for game . duncan we get it . the goddamn Atlanta mall - we get it !! now - pull yourself out of this slump - I want you to fly down this week to ... continue to work on the sculpture . amy I be not go . duncan what be you ta1king about ? what 's the problem here ? amy the problem ?! everything . nothing be right thank - you very much . duncan you know what the problem be - you be the problem - you meet a blind guy you think be cool and spend the first two month try to change he . amy be you finish ? duncan not even close . let I tell you something - you can not change people to solve you . you try to do it with I - you try to do it with Virgil . you ever think some of the thing you try to fix - be not break . and he 's go - as Amy slump into a chair - confuse , tired - then slowly she start to hear : tap - tap - tap ... taptap - tap the SOUND of a cane in the stairwell ! Amy 's heart start racing - she take a breath - jump up quickly and move she way over to the door - unlock it and swinging it open : amy ( excitedly ) virg ....... the cane - be hold by ethan - as he tap he way down the stair . ethan hey Amy . amy hi , ethan . sorry - I think ... ethan he 's not come back be he ? amy no - he 's not . ethan see she 's cover in dust - look past she into the loft . ethan whatcha doin ' ? he look past she at the sculpture half repair . amy Cleaning up a mess - go to start over . ext . pinecrest - sunset Virgil walk the path , Sophie follow close behind . by the way he walk , count step , touch landmark , we realize he be use sight very little . ext . hidden valley - sunset come through the clear , to the plateau where he take Amy , the leave now start to turn golden color - he stop - stand over top of the pond . virgil be Pov - a retinal spark . the view across the valley , with white cloud against the bluest sky . his hand reach out - to touch the edge of the world - to touch the horizon . and as he drop he hand , we see the cloud start to race by - while the blue sky go golden then drift into darkness . Virgil do not move from the spot . the screen go almost black - then slowly the sun start to rise in the east . Virgil make no movement . a long beat - then - as the sun move across he - he realize it 's day . he stand and unfold he cane . it 's clear he have return to be completely blind . as he turn and start he way down the hill we hear : virgil ( v.o. ) grow up blind - I have two dream . one be to see . the other - to play for the New York ranger . int . lecture hall - n.y. eye institute - day Virgil stand at the podium speak - dark glass on , cane in hand . virgil after the ' miracle ' of my short period of sight - I realize - I would rather play for the ranger . ( laugh from the dark ) it 's not that it be so awful - I see many thing - some good , some back some that I be already forget . int . webster be lab - nyu virgil ( v.o. ) but I realize that we eye be not what make we see . we only live in darkness when we do not look - look at what be genuine about ourselves - genuine about other - you do not need eye for that . Virgil sit with three young blind child - work through braille with they . webster watch from the corner of the room . ext . nyu - day Virgil - small brown bag in one hand - cane in the other - exit the building and make he way across the street to Washington Square . ext . WASHINGTON square - day Virgil - take in the sun - finish off the last of he sandwich . balling up he paper bag - he tap he cane out - find the garbage can nearby - and toss the bag - rim shot - it miss , hit the ground . a hand reach into frame and put the bag in the garbage . Virgil look up - sense the presence . virgil do I miss ? voice ( o.s ) by a mile . virgil Amy ? angle on Amy : watch Virgil - realize he sight be go . amy Ray tell I you be live in town - say I could find you here . ( beat ) I rush , do not I ? fourteen step to the tree and I make we smash right into it . virgil we try . Amy sit next to he . amy I finish the sculpture . I would love you to see it . virgil figure of speech . amy figure of speech . Virgil - when I first meet you - you see more than any sighted person I have ever know . I do not mean to take that away from you . virgil Amy . I see ... I actually see the horizon . you do that for I . it 's out there . you show I you just have to reach for it .. Amy smile - she hand go out - hesitates - then land lightly on he . amy you want to walk ? virgil see what we see ? amy yeah . just see what we see . Virgil smile , nod . as he stand - he take she arm - and as they walk off into the park , we slowly fade to black and just listen , listen to the sound of the day - the percussion of the city . the end