ATM screenplay by Chris sparl Story by Chris sparl & ron tippe ( draft 1/26/10 ) Kaplan / perrone entertainment copyright 2009 ( 310 ) 285-0116 Chris sparl United talent Agency ( 310 ) 273-6700 '' rtm '' fade in : ext . CITY - day credit over : businessman and woman fill the sidewalk , clutching they winter coat shut . most wear glove and hat , though they provide little respite from the blustery midwestern wind . salt-stain taxis jockey for position . steam billow from manhole cover and metal grate . Metro train car , fill to capacity , howl across the frigid track . high-rise build the revolve door spin like a carousel , fill with the briefcase - carry denizen of this busy financial center . a sign , situate high above the front security desk : '' starkweather financial . '' a large Christmas wreath hang above the sign . the elevator door start to close . a hand shoot in , stop it . the door reopen . david hargrove , 27 , more handsome than he probably realize , climb into the crowded elevator . the other occupant barely move . the door close -- inch from David 's face . ding . we track with david as he : exit onto he floor ... walk through the cubicle farm , past the other middle - income earner and entry -level employee ... sit down in he cubicle . toss he car key into a plastic cup fill with pocket change , next to he small desk clock that read 8:29am ... pour himself a cup of coffee in the break room ... talk on he office phone , while sneaking in bite from a sandwich ... the wall clock show 1:30 pm ... he remove a tall stack of file from a drawer and drop they on he desk ... talk on the phone some more . stress out ... David 's small , desk clock show 4:42 pm ... he enter data into a computer program ... finally let out a deep sigh . just another day . end credit CUT to : int . starkweather financial - later it 's now dark outside . fluorescent light fill the antiseptic office . people work into the night . the wall clock read 7:14 pm . David sit at he desk , talk on the phone . or , better describe , be talk to . his tie unloosen , he hair muss , he fail in he effort to keep stress at bay . david ( into phone ) right ... I understand . but , there 's so many variable that come into play in a market like this . the voice from the other end of the phone be unintelligible , but its tone be unmistakably hostile . david ( cont 'd ) if you would like , we can explore shifting what 's leave in you 401k into ... I see . corey thompson , 28 , David 's somewhat overbearing and audacious friend and coworker , overhear the conversation . tune in . david ( cont 'd ) yes . yes , sir , I know Christmas be come . I understand . I be sorry , mister Dean . truly , I be sorry . I spread the investment risk as wide as I could . ( more ) david ( cont 'd ) it 's just the unfortunate state of the economy we be all -- from the other end of the phone , we hear the muffle sound of what sound a lot like a string of curse word . david ( cont 'd ) hello ? hello , mister Dean ...? ( sotto ) shit . David hang up the phone . bury he face in he hand . rub he temple . Corey wheel back in he chair . leans into David 's cubicle . corey you lose he ? david what give it away ? David power down he computer . Corey take a candy cane off David 's desk . tear open the plastic wrapper . pop it into he mouth . corey candy cane taste like shit . david I would not know . Corey smirk . David look at himself in the reflection of he power down computer monitor . his button - down shirt . his loosen tie . his messy hair . Corey notice he deject expression . corey hey , it 's not you fault . david ( sarcastically ) oh no , who 's fault be it then ? ( sincere now ) I have never even meet this guy . just move some number around on the computer and now he 's fuck . corey everyone 's fuck . so stop mope . David shrug he acknowledgment . david maybe I should have take today off . Corey look across the office . see emily brandt , 25 , attractive , chat with a coworker . corey ( be : Emily ) ah , but then you would have miss you chance . david what do you mean ? corey today 's she last day . david she 's quit ? corey that 's what I hear . david no ... he watch Emily as she walk back toward she cubicle . corey stop be such a bitch and go ask she out . david I try that a year ago . I make a ass out myself . corey yeah , because you could not say the word date . what do you call it again ...? david I ask she if she want to meet up for ... a gather . corey a gather ? what be she , a fuck wizard ? david no idea why I say it . corey you be right , you do make a ass out yourself . David ignore Corey . collect the last of he belonging . corey ( cont 'd ) come on , come on -- I be just mess with you . go talk to she . david I can not . corey why can not you ? david because ... I leave my ball at home . corey not again . david yup , right there on the dresser . corey next to you nightgown ? david right next to it . in fact , it 's probably cover they a little bit , keep they warm . corey like a male penguin . david like a male penguin . I do not know what that mean . David grab he jacket and car key . david ( cont 'd ) I 'il see you on Monday . corey what about the Christmas party ? david eh ... corey do not give I '' eh . '' we be meeting everyone at Max 's in , like , twenty minute . david should not I go home and change first ? corey you be fine ; everybody 's go straight from the office . david oh ... I get it now . male penguin sit on the egg to keep they warm ... like my ball . corey you get it right away . stop try to change the subject -- the party 's go to be fun . david be Jerry and luke go ? corey yeah . everybody from we department be . besides , I need a ride . david you know all that yellow car out there ? it 's crazy , all you need to do be give they some money and they drive you wherever -- corey -- yeah , yeah , yeah . just give I a second . I gotta’ take a piss . david ( through a smile ) I be not go . corey yeah you be . you wanna 's know why ? David 's already give up . raise he eyebrow to say '' why ? '' corey ( cont 'd ) ( be : Emily ) because she 's go , too . Corey walk off , leave David to reconsider , and then yell from afar . corey ( cont 'd ) this be go to be a big night for you , bro . I can feel it . int . max be - later busy bar scene . Young professional enjoy after-work drink at they company Christmas party . some enjoy too many , evidence by Corey 's obvious inebriation . he and David sit at a table , along with coworker christian , jerry , and luke . High - ball glass cover the table . Corey 's iphone also sit on the table , in front of he . Emily stand across the room , speak with friend at the bar . back at the table , Corey hold court . corey so I purposely order the pizza at , like , three minute before midnight . jerry on New Year 's Eve ? corey yeah . luke ( to the group ) what 's go on for New Year 's this year ? corey who give a shit ? I be not do with my story . jerry it 's go to be Easter by the time you be . corey yeah , whatever . go fuck yourself . anyway ... where be I ? david New Year 's . you order a pizza . corey right , right . so , three minute pass , the ball drop , it 's officially the new year . lo and behold , ten minute later there 's a knock on my door . luke be it the point of the story finally show up ? David listen in . laugh . glance over at the bar , where he see Emily . she look back at he . they gaze hold for a moment , but then they both look away . corey it be the pizza guy . so , I tell he , '' you better not be charge I for this . I order the fuck thing last year ! '' the punchline receive a few courtesy chuckle . luke do you end up pay ? corey no . the kid apologize and -- as Corey plop back down into he seat , Corey accidentally bang into the table and knock he iphone onto the floor . he do not notice . he also spill everyone 's drink . that , everyone notice . christian ah , man . what the hell ? corey shit . my bad , my bad . Corey pull out he wallet . grab all he cash . call over a cocktail waitress . corey ( cont 'd ) ( hand she all he cash ) sweetie , here . bring a bottle of tequila to the table . best stuff you get . cocktail waitress it 's five more dollar . corey oh ...um ... Corey search he pocket . David stand up and place a ten dollar bill on the cocktail Waitress 's tray . he walk away from the table . we stay on david as he cross the bar . readies himself . approach the bar , next to Emily . tries to make he selection of that spot seem random . he signal the bartender . david ( to the bartender ) another beer . thanks . he turn and look at Emily . david oh...hey , Emily . emily hi , David . the bartender bring David he beer . david ( to Emily ) do you want anything ? emily no , I be good , thanks . I be leave , actually . david I hear that . Emily 's slightly confuse . emily you hear I be leave ? david yeah . Corey tell I you get a job at a npo . emily oh , right ... I do . I mean I be leave ... never mind . 10 . david well , congrat . need a change , I guess . emily thanks , yeah I think I have go about as far as I can handle in finance . david I know what you mean . neither of they seem to know where to go from here . the extend silence be a bit awkward . emily ( cont 'd ) so ... I should probably get go . david right ... emily thanks for the drink -- well , the offer . david of course . yeah . and , ah , you know ... maybe i’1l catch you later ... or something . emily umm ...yeah . Emily grab she coat and purse . walk off . David wince . die a little on the inside . ext . STREET - second later Cars and taxi speed past . they exhaust mix with the cold air , clouding up the street . Emily walk from the bar and be instantly hit by a achingly cold gust of wind . she extend a shiver arm to signal a cab , but it pass she by . David exit the bar , carry a winter hat . catch up to she . david Emily , wait ... Emily turn to face who call she . see it 's David . a hopeful smile cross she face . 11 . david ( cont 'd ) you forget you hat . emily oh ... that 's not mine . david shit. do I just steal a hat ? emily I think you may have . david well , consider it a go away present ... from whoever own it . emily I be not go far . my new office be only a few block uptown . David go for break . david want to grab lunch some time ? emily ummm .... crash and burn . David quickly recoil . david it 's cool . I understand ... emily no , no -- I would . sorry . I be nervous . david nervous ? about what ? emily about this . about we talk right now . david really ? emily yes . she reach out to another pass taxi . 12 . it , too , do not stop . she grow frustrated . cold . she move to a spot further down the street . David walk with she . david we have talk plenty of time before . wearing only he button - down work shirt , the cold be already take its toll on David . he fold he arm for warmth . tries to rub life back into he limb . emily at work , yeah . you have call I at my desk , ask I about a financial report , but that be it . david I never care about the report . they smile at each other . they breath escape into the cold nighttime air . a cab speed past . Emily miss the chance to signal it . stand in the spot she stand moment ago be two woman . the cab stop for they and they climb in . emily ( be : the miss cab ) damn it ... a bone-chill gust of wind blow through . Emily clutches she coat closer to she chest and neck . David turn away slightly , let the brunt of the wind hit he back . once it pass : david I can give you a ride home . Emily consider it , but then : emily I live outside the city . it 's really out of the way . another cab pass without stop . david come on , it 's freezing out here . in 1l grab my jacket and we will go . more cold wind blow through . it chill they to the bone . 13. emily that would be great . thanks . he hurry back toward the bar . Emily yell over to he . emily ( cont 'd ) you should probably return that hat . int . max 's - moment later the bar be just as busy as it be when we last leave it . David enter -- he place the hat on the back of a chair . leave it there . walk to he table . a almost full bottle of top -shelf tequila sit on it , along with several empty shot glass . david I be take off . corey already ? David 's lip form a modest smile . david I be give Emily a ride home . the guy at the table applaud . corey see ? and here it be you do not even want to come tonight . David smirk . put on he winter jacket . david i’1ll see you guy on Monday . luke alright , playboy . jerry congrat . David 's about to leave the table . he notice that Corey have put on he own jacket , which be half soak from when he spilt the drink . 14 . corey ( patting down he jacket ) damn . david what be you do ? Corey put he jacket over he arm instead . corey what do you mean , what be I do ? we be leave . david well , I be leave ... corey yeah . and you be my ride home . david can not you take a cab ? corey I do not have any more cash on I . slightly frustrated , David take out he own wallet . he do not have much cash either . corey ( cont 'd ) I will just go with you now . david I tell you , I be bring Emily home . corey I know . just drop I off on the way . david Corey ... corey it will take ten minute . david you live twenty minute away . corey what be I suppose to do -- walk ? david ( sigh ) okay . let 's go . 15 . Corey swipe the bottle of tequila off the table and hide it under he jacket . off the guy 's chagrine look : david what ? I be the one who buy it . David walk away , toward the exit , with Corey follow close behind . ext . road - later a long stretch of darken , suburban road , light by the occasional street light . small , snow - cap home appear sporadically . the chill limb of wintry tree spread like spindly , bony finger , hover just above the road . a set of headlight cut through the darkness . int . car -— continuous David drive as Emily ride in the passenger seat , do she best to warm she hand near the dashboard vent . she stare out the window , watch the dark world outside speed past she . Corey sit in the backseat , he bottle of tequila in hand . he sip from it as he talk , unnecessarily loudly , on a cell phone . corey ( into phone ) check my seat . nothing ? how about under the table ? yeah . yeah , it 's a iphone . Nice . leave it on my desk tomorrow . luke ? leave it ... you there ? yo ? Corey look at the cell phone . it 's power down . corey ( cont 'd ) ( to David , be : the phone ) you battery 's dead . David plug he car charge into the cigarette lighter . david ( be : the cell phone ) let I see it . 16 . David reach he hand behind he , but Corey throw the phone over David 's shoulder , onto the front seat . it land on the floor , in a small crevice on the side of the seat . david dude ...? David reach for the phone , but he hand do not fit . he give up . leave it there . they continue drive . David look over at Emily , who keep she hand press against the heating vent . he slide off he jacket . david ( place the jacket over she lap like a blanket ) here . emily ( smile ) thanks . david ( cont 'd ) I be sorry by the way . emily for what ? david I realize this be out of the way ... emily it 's fine . honestly . ( beat ) I be enjoy the company . David and Emily share a flirtatious smirk . from the backseat , loudly : corey it 's true , I be good company . take this leave . Corey tell David to take the turn just as he reach the street . David swerve slightly , but readjust . corey ( cont 'd ) do not worry about it . you can take the next one . David continue drive . 17 . after a beat : corey ( cont 'd ) I be starve . no response . Corey try again . corey ( cont 'd ) you know what I be say ? david yeah , that you be hungry . I get it . corey let 's grab something to eat . david it 's after midnight . corey and ? what be I , a fuckin’ gremlin ? emily yes . David smirk . david eat at home . corey I do not have anything . c’mon , just stop somewhere . david nothing 's open . corey there 's a pizza place near here that serve slice till two . Corey 's clearly too drunk to be get the hint . David try a more direct approach . david I kind of want to , you know , bring Emily home ... corey it will take two second . I swear , I will stop this masterclass in cock - block right after that . 18 . David look at Emily . she laugh . David end up do the same . david you be kill I right now . corey cool . oh yeah , I need to stop at a ATM . david just use you debit card . corey they only take cash ... unless you wanna 's spot I --— david where 's the ATM ? ext . supermarket parking lot - moment later large and dark , the lot be a vast expanse of empty area . yellow line demarcate the hundred of parking space , though none be occupy . it 's quite barren . eerie . not the best part of town , either . the supermarket be close for the night . a long , freeze , industrial hose snake from the building to the row of Douglas - fir tree line near its entrance . the tree 's chill limb dance in the strong wind . festoon above they , a large banner read : '' christmas tree for sale . '' nearby , beneath the supermarket 's main sign , be a large time and temperature sign . current time : 1:18am . temperature : negative 3 degree Fahrenheit . across from the supermarket , in a remote area of the parking lot , sit a standalone ATM vestibule own by bank of the midwest . the large , glass - encase ATM vestibule remain open for 24 - hour use . David 's car pull up near the ATM vestibule . not far , but not exactly close , either . int . car - moment later Emily open she door . llean she seat forward . Corey squeeze through , squashing Emily in the process . 19 . corey I will be back in a second . leave he damp jacket in the car , Corey hurry over to the entrance . the ATM vestibule shine like a beacon in the otherwise darken parking lot . its many window be partially frost from the extreme cold . Corey take a long pull from the bottle of tequila he bring with he . David and Emily watch from the car as Corey insert he ATM card into the outside security reader . he pull open the door and he enter . neither say a word at first . silence , save for the idling engine and the steady sound of heat escape the vent . david I ' 1ll make sure he 's fast at the pizza place ... emily I really do not mind . david they actually make pretty decent pizza . the mushroom and , um , and something ... garlic , I think , be pretty good . they cook it all up and stuff . it 's good . off David 's stammer : emily I think I be the nervous one . David jokingly puff up . david what be you talk about ? I be not nervous . emily catch you later ? david well that be -- okay , I be a little nervous then , but ... emily I like it . it 's cute . 20 . Emily smile . she notice a pewter clip -- feature Saint Christopher -- attach to David 's visor . emily ( cont 'd ) ( be : the clip ) what 's that ? David seem slightly embarrassed . david oh , it 's nothing . Emily lean in and read the inscription . her shoulder touch David 's . her touch electrify he . emily '' protect I and my passenger and all who pass by with a steady hand and a watchful eye . '' david it 's stupid . I do not know why I even have it . emily I think it 's nice . there 's nothing wrong with have a little faith . they conversation be interrupt by the distant sight of Corey in the ATM vestibule . it 's clear by he body language that he 's aggravate about something . david ( cont 'd ) ( be : Corey ) uggg ... what be it now ? Corey turn to face they . throw he hand up in resign defeat . david ( cont 'd ) you have get to be kid I . David get out of the car . leave he jacket behind on Emily 's lap . jog over to the ATM vestibule . we stay on emily as she watch David use he own ATM card to let himself into the vestibule . he and Corey have a brief discussion , end with David 's obvious displeasure . Emily look around while hold she cold hand closer to the heat . the emptiness and dark surroundings make she visibly uneasy . 21 . after a moment , she turn off the car . remove the key from the ignition . still wear she coat , she exit the car and hurry over the ATM . we see that she leave behind she purse . Corey open the door and let she into ... int . ATM vestibule - continuous large , both in length and height , the vestibule be quite roomy inside . Close to fifteen foot across . thirteen foot high ceiling . Glass window cover three side of the rectangle shape vestibule . its fourth side be a dull , white plaster wall , cluttere with Bank of the Midwest advertisement . off to one side of this wall be a automate teller Machine ( ATM ) . David stand at the ATM , go through the process of get cash . insert - the p.o.v. from the silent , black and white video camera situate in the ATM : David , with Emily and Corey in the background , stand in front of the ATM . he punch in he pin . back to scene corey ( to Emily ) what 's wrong ? emily nothing . I do not want to wait in the car . david I ' 1l just be a second . emily ( to David ) why be you take out money ? David roll he eye over in Corey 's direction . Corey notice . corey cockhead , I 'il pay you back . ( to Emily , kinder ) the magnetic strip on my card 's mess up . emily cockhead ? 22 . corey just a little pet name I have for he . Emily chuckle . Corey , who leave he coat in the car , blow into he hand for warmth . corey ( cont 'd ) it 's freakin’ freezing in here . Emily agree with a nod . Corey place he cold hand against a small heating vent locate along the bottom of the plaster wall . it offer a small amount of relief . transaction complete . David take he cash . grab he receipt . throw it in a waste basket . david ( cont 'd ) all set , let 's go . lead the way , Emily place she hand on the vestibule door - - on the exit lever . she 's about to press the lever and open the door , when suddenly -- -- she stop . Corey and David look at she . corey what ? she do not move . not a muscle . her eye be fix on something straight ahead in the dark parking lot . Corey and David turn they attention to what she stare at . stand there , about thirty foot from the door , be a man . a formidably size man , at that . shroud in darkness , wear a heavy , hood parka . he do not move -- he simply stand and stare . we cannot see he face , only the faint wisp of steam as they curl from he mouth in the cold winter air . David , Emily and Corey stop dead in they track . they never exit the vestibule . david who the hell be that ? David look at he own hand , which be full of cash . practically on display . 23 . he quickly stuff the cash into he pocket . corey who give a shit ? let 's go . Corey put he hand on the door , about to open it and exit . David warily grab cory by the shirt . david no , wait ... corey for what ? david just wait . Corey stand down . the three of they stare outside at the man . he stare back . david ( cont 'd ) why 's he out there ? corey he 's probably wait to use the ATM . emily why do not he come in , then ? corey who care ? I be freezing . let 's go . david damn it , Corey . wait . Corey stop . let 's out a annoyed sigh . corey the fuck guy want to use the ATM . Big deal . emily where 's he card ? corey probably in he wallet . david what if he want to rob we ? 24 . corey he 's not here to rob we . david Corey , it 's one in the morning . why would this guy be in the middle of a empty parking lot ? corey ( be : the ATM ) the same reason we be here . david do we walk here ? alone ? Corey look at the man for a beat . consider David 's assertion . after a beat : corey this be retarded . I be leave . Corey open the door and start to exit . the very second he do -- -- the man take a step closer to the ATM vestibule . see this , Corey freeze . after a beat , he then slowly step back inside the vestibule . close the door . emily what be that ? why do he do that ? corey maybe ... maybe he think we be do , so he could finally come in . they wait . continue to look outside at the man . he do the same right back at they . emily should we call the police ? corey no. emily ( to David ) I think we should . David do not respond . he hold he attention on the man. 25 . corey let 's just ask he why he 's here , then . emily no ... david Corey , no . Corey knock on the glass . call out to the man . corey hey , buddy . you wait to use the ATM ? the man do not respond . he continue to stand and stare . unflinchingly . emily ( unnerve ) what do he want , then ? david probably we money . ( beat ) do he have anything on he ? can you see ? emily I ... I can not tell . corey be you guy serious right now ? who care about this jerk -off ? let 's go . david say the guy who just get scared back into the booth . corey whatever . if we all leave at once , we will be fine . come on . Corey put he hand on the door , prepare to exit . David grab onto he again . david wait -- will you just wait ?! Corey shake David 's grip off of he . 26 . corey for what ? I want to go eat . David look outside . the man stare back , still stand in the same spot in the parking lot . david he 's just ... watch we . outside the vestibule the man stand and stare at David , Emily and Corey . they stare out at he . inside the vestibule Emily , David and Corey keep they attention on the man. confused . slightly fearful . grow colder with each pass minute . emily maybe he 's homeless . corey he probably be . so , give hima fin and let 's call it a night . david he do not look homeless . corey what make someone not look homeless ? david when they be that big . just then , the man 's head whip around . a faint jingling sound grow louder and louder . someone 's come . outside the vestibule ROBERT , 43 , a random man walk he dog , amble through the parking lot , a hundred foot or so behind the man . a medallion on he Golden retriever 's collar jingle with each step . ROBERT ( to he dog ) alright , go ahead . Robert let go of the dog 's leash . it run off into the dark . 27 . inside the vestibule David , Emily and Corey watch as Robert come into view . the man walk over to Robert with a determine step . outside the vestibule Robert stand and wait for he dog to return . bounce on the ball of he foot to keep warm . he then notice David , Emily and Corey in the ATM vestibule . they all stand at the door , watch intently . he appear to find this somewhat odd . Robert then see the man approach . ROBERT how 's it go ? the man continue toward he . do not say a word . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) just let my dog do he business . the man continue he approach , undeterred . Robert suddenly appear to feel slightly threaten . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) be there ...uh , something I can help you -- smash ! without a moment of hesitation , the man punch Robert in the face . drop he . inside the vestibule emily oh my God ! David bang against the glass , try to stop the man . david hey ! hey !! outside the vestibule the man grab Robert 's head in he big , meaty hand , wrap in dark leather glove and -- -- smash -smash !! against the concrete . like a animal . blood trickle out from Robert 's head . 28 . inside the vestibule corey Holy shit . do you see that ? do you see that ?! emily David ... outside the vestibule the man remove Robert 's wallet from he back pocket . do not open it . stuff it into he own jacket pocket . he leave Robert 's bloody body in the middle of the parking lot . no care . no remorse . he walk back toward the vestibule . well behind he , Robert 's Golden retriever return . nudge he a few time with he snout . whimper . Robert do not move . the dog walk away , its leash drag behind on the ground . inside the vestibule they watch in horror as the man return to where he be originally stand . he plant himself there . as if nothing happen . David frantically reach into he pocket . search . nothing . reaches into he other pocket . same result . david damn it ! ( to Emily and Corey ) call nine -one -one . call they ! Corey throw he hand up . he do not have he phone , remember ? David look to Emily . she sheepishly answer . emily my phone 's in my purse . david where 's you purse ? Emily look outside . emily in the car . 29 . Corey start frantically look around next to the ATM . corey ( run he finger along the underside of the ATM ) do not they have panic button in this thing ? emily yeah they must . they all join in look for the button , but can not find it . david shit , what about a hard line ? corey what do you mean ? david I do not know , like a elevator phone . a speaker thing that connect directly to the bank . corey right , right . they all continue look around , but still they find nothing . emily this can not be happen . but it be . the three of they stare at each other , all plead for a idea . they have get nothing . the gravity of the situation fully take hold . fade to : ext . supermarket parking lot - later chill wind scream through the empty lot , knock one of the Christmas tree over . a small chain , fastened to its trunk , keep it from blow away . a few piece of trash roll about like suburban tumbleweed . the time and temperature sign provide its update . current time : 1:52 be . temperature : negative 5 degree Fahrenheit . the ATM vestibule sit in the distance , aglow in the dark winter night . 30 . int . ATM vestibule - continuous David pace back and forth , futilely hugging he arm close to he body for warmth . Corey kneel near the wall , he hand near the heating vent . he take a warming sip from the bottle of tequila . Emily clenches she jacket close as she stare into the parking lot . her tooth chatter behind she dry , pallid lip . she can not take she frighten eye off the man , who slowly circle the vestibule like a shark . a predator . david there have to be something . something we can do to , I do not know , get someone 's attention . corey who ? there 's no one else out there . david there be that guy with he dog . corey and look what happen to he . David take this into account . emily ( be : the man ) why have not he come in here ? Corey and David look outside at the man . Study he as they talk to each other . david maybe he do not have a ATM card . emily why would that stop he ? david you need it for the buzzer thing . corey what if the dog guy have one ? david have he check ? 31 . corey how the fuck should I know ? they concern escalate . emily what be we go to do ? David look over at the car . it 's park a good distance away . david where be my key ? Emily dig into she jacket pocket . remove David 's key , as well as a tube of lipstick . she hand David he key . david ( cont 'd ) maybe I can get to the car . corey you 'il never make it . david you do not know that . corey David , the guy 's right there . you will be lucky to get within ten foot of it . outside the vestibule the man notice that all three of they look in the direction of the car . it 's obvious what they be consider . he walk toward the car . inside the vestibule emily what 's he do ? david shit -- I think he hear we . outside the vestibule the man open the driver 's side door . leans in . fiddle around near the steering wheel , though we cannot see what he 's do . he then push a button to pop the trunk . close the driver 's side door . 32 . after stand in front of it for a moment -- with he back face the vestibule -- he then retreat to the back of the car . open the trunk . a faint light emit from a small bulb . the man carelessly rummages through the junk inside , throw much of it to the ground , include a old , fold lawn chair . he find a tire iron , apparently what he be look for . grab it . he then spot a small tool kit . take that , too . inside the vestibule they watch as the man close the trunk , carry the tire iron and tool kit . he walk away from the car , toward the vestibule . continue walk , until he 's out of sight , presumably behind the vestibule . corey be he leave ? David place he face against where the last pane of glass meet the plaster wall , try to see the man . david no ... I can not tell . I think he go around back . shit. David peel away from the window . emily what should we do ? they all look at one other . at the car . at the open parking lot . decision time . insert - the p.o.v. from the silent , black and white security camera in the ATM : David , Emily and Corey stand near one another , look unnerve . discompose . scare . back to scene still no sign of the man . silence , except for the steady hum of the small rotor in the heating vent . 33 . David 's foot lift from the floor . slowly . it land one step closer to the door . he wait a second for a reaction of some kind . but there 's none . have the man leave ? as David begin to take another step -- -- bang !! the sound of metal strike metal . come from the back of the vestibule , behind the plaster wall . David , Emily and Corey whip around to face the plaster wall . bang -bang-bang-bang-bang !! it echoe through the vestibule . follow by a screeching sound . Metal scraping metal . David wait a beat , and then : david ( to Emily , hushed ) you cell phone ... you be positive it 's in you purse ? Emily nod . david ( cont 'd ) on the front seat ? Corey look over at David , figure out what he 's drive at . corey no ... david he 's back there . by the time he get around the booth , I 'il be halfway to the car . corey and what about the other half of the way ? bang -bang -bang !! even louder this time . Emily , Corey and David watch as the plaster wall rattles slightly . follow only by the continuous hum of the heating vent . and then the faint sound of what sound like a metal object be drop onto the ground be hear . emily ( hushed ) he have a gun . David shake he head . david he would have shot at we by now . corey this glass be probably bullet - proof . david no , it 's not . emily we should just wait . it ’1ll be light out soon . this parking lot will be fill with people . david the sun will not be up for hour . we will be lucky if we do not freeze to death before then . 34 . David 's right . the cloud of breath that escape he mouth be proof of this . corey this be fuck insane . Corey rest he head against the glass . defeat . emily ( plead with she eye ) it 's too dangerous . David meet Emily 's heartfelt stare . his adrenaline be momentarily stifle as he consider what to do . and then -- -- poof -poof -poof ... the overhead fluorescent light blow out in succession . vestibule turn almost pitch black inside , save for the of the ATM display screen . david terrific . after a few short beeps , the emergency light kick in . the light they be not nearly as bright . the vestibule remain quite dark . 35 . corey what the hell be that ? what happen ? david he cut the power . emily oh no . David and Corey turn to see what concern Emily . she 's crouch down near the heating vent . it 's silent . corey no ...no , no ... Corey bang the bottom of he fist against the vent . nothing . corey ( cont 'd ) shit . david he 's back . Corey lift he head . see that the man be back in view . he stand about fifteen foot from the vestibule . and then , something occur to David . look at the glass window pane -- david wait ...wait-wait-wait ... emily what be it ? without explanation , David suddenly bang against the frosty window several time . hard . but the glass show no sign of compromise . emily ( cont 'd ) what be you do ?! david the glass -- there 's get to be a alarm on it or something . David bang harder , all to no avail . 36 . emily but if you break it , he will be able to get in . she 's get a point . david all right ... then something else . David look around the vestibule . his eye lock on the plaster wall . he kick at it . repeatedly . frantically . it dent . deform . cory join in . smashes he shoulder into the plaster wall , over and over again . piece of drywall fall to the ground . but still , no alarm . david damn it !! Emily 's eye drift upward . something catch she attention . emily wait ... David and Corey stop . david what ? emily that will have a alarm . David look up to where Emily stare . he see what she see : the emergency fire sprinkler . emily ( cont 'd ) do you have a lighter ? david shit. no. ( to Corey ) you ? Corey shake he head '' no . '' out of breath , David look at the ATM itself . without any hesitation , he storm over to it . wham !! he deliver a kick right at it . nothing . 37 . insert - the ATM 's silent , black and white security camera p.o.v. : David repeatedly kick the ATM . back to scene outside the vestibule the man watch the chaos from the shadow . David finally give up . Corey do the same . they fight to catch they breath . slightly muffle by the glass : david come on !!! inside the vestibule David be at a loss . still labor to catch he breath in the cold air , he slowly approach the glass . see something in the distance . his eye widen . he bang the glass . yell out . david hey ! hey !! over here !! Emily and Corey see what David be look at : a car -- with emergency light on its roof . it have just pull into the distant entrance of the parking lot . corey it 's the cop . emily hey !! help we !! but , the car circle back around , never come close to the bank . david no ! emily come back ! please !! the car 's taillight disappear into the night , behind the cover of white cloud exhaust . it 's too late -- it 's go . none of they have a clue what to do next . 38 . after a beat : emily ( cont 'd ) I be so cold . david I too . Emily pace to the other side of the vestibule . shiver . david ( cont 'd ) ( to Corey ) how much do you have in you account ? corey I be not sure . why ? david I have get close to three grand . David approach the ATM . insert he card . punch button . corey you be not go to give this asshole money ? david he just fuck beat a guy to death , Corey . if it mean we get out of here alive , absolutely . something 's wrong . david ( cont 'd ) damn ... emily what be it ? david ( be : the ATM ) it all only let I take out four hundred . emily why ? david I already take out a hundred . there 's a daily limit . 39 . David go forward with the withdrawal anyway . david ( cont 'd ) ( to Corey ) you take out five hundred , too . maybe a thousand will be enough . David grab he cash . take back he ATM card . corey I tell you , my card 's not work . david shit . that 's right . David give Corey a once-over . notice he watch . david what about that ? corey what ? david you watch . corey no fuck way be I give this to he . Emily take off she diamond stud earring . emily here . take this . David look down at the earring . after a beat he reluctantly take they . david ( to Corey ) it 's just a watch , Corey . corey the thing 's be in my family forever . I can not ... david look , I know it 's important to you , but ... we need it . corey no . I be not do it . 40 . david you be unbelievable . corey Fine , I be unbelievable . David give up . stare at the cash and earring he hold in hand , clearly question if it be go to be enough . now what ? Emily huddle she arm close to she body for warmth . she tremble . as she stare outside , almost in a state of catatonia , she have a frightening realization . emily ( to Corey ) wait ... if you card 's not work , how do you get in ? corey what do you mean ? after a moment , David appear to figure out what Emily 's drive at . he instantly become equally concerned . david she mean , if the magnetic strip on you card 's mess up , like you say it be , how be you able to get past the security buzzer ? corey who give a shit ? david please tell I you be just be cheap . corey what ? David 's panic grow tenfold . his word be plea for comfort . david you card work fine . you be just too cheap to take out money , right , Corey ? Corey finally get it , evidence by he sudden look of disquietude . 41 . david ( cont 'd ) Corey ...? he slowly shake he head to say '' no . '' David and Emily look at each other . fear stain they face . David take slow , trepidant step over to the vestibule door . he look at it . terrify . he slowly extend he tremble hand until he fingertip make contact with the icy glass . without press the exit lever , he gently , and ever so slightly , push the glass door itself -- -- and it open . a chill wind whistle in through the small space . his outstretch hand quiver . the lock mechanism on the door be clearly break . in short : the door be unlock . David look outside for the man . he 's nowhere in sight . but still , do he see this ? David nervously pull back he hand , close the barely - open vestibule door . he back away . after a beat , David signal to Corey . '' give it . '' Corey remove he wristwatch . hand it to David . David approach a signing shelf , affix to one of the glass wall of the vestibule . he grab a ATM deposit envelope . reaching into he pocket , he remove all he cash . stuff it into the envelope . same for Corey 's watch and Emily 's earring . seal the envelope . his cold , shaking hand make this fine movement difficult . David signal Emily and Corey over . they huddle around he . he hold the deposit envelope in hand . david I be go to slide this to the side of he -- away from the door . if he go for it , we run the other way , toward the main road . 42 . corey yeah . okay . it 's apparent that Emily be less confident in the plan . david ( to Emily ) what 's wrong ? emily what if there be more of they out there ? corey more of what ? emily him . Emily look outside for the man . emily ( cont 'd ) how do we know he 's alone ? outside the vestibule the man stand at the rear of the vestibule , out of they sight . the tool box the man remove earlier from David 's trunk be on the ground . its cover open , we see a spool of wire amongst its content . in front of he be a steel door , encase by a brick wall , that appear to lead inside the vestibule . he try to pry open the door with the tire iron . no luck . he then pick up a screwdriver in one hand and a hammer in the other . the man place the screwdriver to the already damage lock . he be about to strike the end of the screwdriver with the hammer when he overhear Corey , David and Emily off-screen . he stop . listen . it 's difficult to hear they , but it sound as though they be have a disagreement over something . david ( 0.s. ) Emily 's right , it 's too risky . corey ( 0.s. ) there 's no one else out there . emily ( 0.s. ) you do not know that . 43. corey ( 0.s. ) neither do you ! david ( 0.s. ) I 'il go alone . emily ( 0.s. ) no , David . corey ( 0.s. ) you be not stranding we here . david ( 0.s. ) I be not stranding anybody . if I make it to the car , I can go get help . the man quietly place the tool on the ground . walk to the side of the brick wall . peer around it . wait . inside the vestibule insert - p.o.v. from the black and white security camera , situate inside the ATM . the image be slightly obscure , cause earlier when David smashed the ATM with he foot : with the deposit envelope in hand , David slowly approach the door . Corey and Emily stand close behind he . the security camera image only capture the inside of the vestibule , but only a few foot outside . outside the vestibule David open the door . halfway . second later , he take a single step outside . he be hit by a blast of arctic air . his button -down , collare shirt do little to keep he warm . the man slowly emerge from behind the vestibule . ready . David take a second step outside . he turn around to face Corey and Emily . David signal they with a apprehensive nod . they respond as they be clearly suppose to -- by close the door behind he . for the first time since all this start , David be outside the vestibule . alone. vulnerable . he look around . nervous . scare . no sign of the man. 44 , and then , from out of the shadow , he emerge . stand approximately twenty foot in front of David , he heavy breath escape from the hood of he parka . David hold out the envelope . david there 's ... there 's five hundred dollar in here ... plus , everything we have . a pair of earring , a watch . it 's yours , all of it . please ... just let we go . the man do not react . he just continue to stare . Corey and Emily watch , nervously , from behind the glass . the bitter cold sting David 's cheek , transform he breath into vapor . david ( cont 'd ) we will not tell the police about any of this . we have never even see you face , so ... so you can just take this ... David slide the envelope full of valuable across the concrete , off to the side -- away from the door . david ( cont 'd ) .»- and ... you know , disappear . like nothing happen . okay ? be that ... be that okay ? the man be yet to move . silence . the tension be palpable . and then , after a long beat -- -- the man take a step in the direction the envelope . finally , a glimmer of hope . step by lumber step , the man get closer to the envelope -- and further away from David . and the car . David surreptitiously remove he car key from he pocket . wait the for the right moment to make he move . wait ... wait ...... wait ........ 45 . now ! david sprint across the parking lot , toward the car . the man see he and give up entirely on the envelope . walk , quite resolutely , toward David . david reach the car . pull on the door handle . it 's lock . he immediately click the unlock button on the key , but it remain lock -- -- he look down to see the lock be jamme with something . the pewter visor clip of St. Christopher . david shit ! inside the vestibule Corey bang on the glass . Emily yell out , frantically . emily he 's come !! outside the vestibule david look through the car window at the passenger side . that door be unlock . he turn around to check on ... the man , who be almost on he . david run around the car . reaches the passenger side . yank at the door -- -- it open . relief . momentary . the man round the front of the car . david 46. leap inside . slide over to the driver 's side . insert the key into the ignition . turn it -- -- click . nothing . a break panel expose tear wire hang from the ignition . the man get within foot of the passenger side door . david lock the passenger side door . he then spot Emily 's purse on the floor . he hurriedly rummages through it . find she cell phone . dial 9 - 1 - 1 . be just abut to press send , when -- -- smash !!! the man punch through the passenger side window with he glove hand . lunge for David . david leap to the driver 's seat . open the door . be about to escape when -- the man unlock the passenger side door . violently swing it open . catch hold of David by the neck . yank he out of the car in a single pull . his strength be impossible . david fall from the car , landing hard on the cold concrete with a wind-steal thud . Emily 's cell phone fall from he hand and slide well out of reach . corey jump out of the vestibule , keep one hand on the open door . corey David the man look over at Corey , momentarily turn he attention away from David . 47 . david use this distraction to climb back into the car . the already open driver 's side door be he only chance . he frantically scurries across the front seat . the man reach in the car after David . get a hold of he shirt . pull hard . david shed he rip dress shirt , leave he in a T-shirt and freeing himself from the man 's powerful grip . he fall out of the driver 's side door . struggle to get to he foot -- he 's bang - up pretty badly . corey reach he hand out , try to hurry David along . corey hurry !! Emily join cory outside the vestibule door . emily David , run !!! the man walk to the front of the car . close in on David . david stagger toward the vestibule . notice the cell phone . 911 shine brightly on the display , wait for the send button to be press . corey hurry !! David stop . he 's about to change course and go for the phone . emily David -- no !! the man get to within eight foot of David . five foot ... 48 . Three foot ... he 's right on he ... he 's just about to grab he , when ... david be force to abandon the phone . he change he course back toward the vestibule . he outstretch he hand , fight through the pain . just as the man be about to latch onto he -- corey lean forward and connect with David 's hand . he yank David in . hard. pull he ... inside the vestibule Corey and Emily slam the door shut and hold it close . grip the handle with all they might . David fall to the floor , hold he rib . cough . bleed . after a moment of obvious surprise , Emily and Corey release they grip on the door . we see that the man have discontinue he pursuit . just over ten foot from the vestibule door . Emily drop to she knee , next to David . come to he aid . take off she jacket and wrap David in it , leave she in a thin blouse . emily David ! David ! be you okay ? David labor to get he breath back . Corey watch as the man walk away from the vestibule , into the darkness . once Corey know it 's safe , he join Emily at David 's side . corey you all right ? David cough . his breath cloud in the cold air . he struggle to regain he faculty . david yeah ... 49 . David hand Emily back she jacket . david ( cont 'd ) here . emily you need it . david so do you . outside the vestibule the man pick up Emily 's cell phone . he then walk over to the discard deposit envelope . pick that up as well . inside the vestibule they watch as the man approach David 's car . circle around to the trunk . corey what 's he do ? outside the vestibule the man reach into he jacket pocket and remove Robert 's wallet . toss it inside the trunk . he then throw the deposit envelope and Emily 's cell phone into the trunk . 911 on the phone 's display screen , still have never be send . he slam the trunk shut . inside the vestibule they watch the man. corey ( exasperate ) shit ... Corey lean against the glass . slide down to the floor . mentally and physically spend . David and Emily be already seat on the floor . they , too , have reach they limit . the three of they look at one another from across the vestibule . shiver uncontrollably . they face ashen with grief . no one seem to know what to say . silence be appropriate . 50 . Emily stuff she hand into she jacket pocket for warmth . find something -- she tube of lipstick . she uncap it and approach the window . write something on the glass . David and Corey watch she . outside the vestibule the dim emergency light appear bright when set against the dark night . written in large , lipstick letter on the glass : '' help '' fade to : int . ATM vestibule - later insert - p.o.v. from the silent , black and white security camera in the ATM : David and Corey pull on the small metal grate cover the heating vent . kick at it . Emily watch with hope . her lipstick message fall just outside the camera 's line of sight . end insert try as David and Corey might , the metal grate 's not budging . not a chance . they give up . david Son of a bitch . they speech have begin to thicken . they exhibit sign of cognitive decline . shiver uncontrollably . appear slightly confuse . early sign of hypothermia . David look closer at the vent . examine it . stare inside with a mini key ring flashlight . corey what do you see ? david there 's a... a room or something . emily a room ? David blow into he numb hand in effort to warm they . 51 . david yeah . it 's small . it must be where they go to restock the ATM . corey if there 's a room , that mean there 's a door . Corey kneel down next to he . look inside the small vent . corey ( cont 'd ) if we distract he , Emily can use it to sneak out back . david ( be : the vent ) there 's no way she 's fitting through this . David 's right . the vent be far too small . Corey look up at the crack and dent make earlier in the plaster wall . dig he finger in . pull . his tired , freeze muscle keep he from muster up any real strength . finally , a sizeable chunk of drywall fall to the floor , expose a brick wall behind it . corey Son of a bitch . Emily look over at the ATM . emily ( to David ) let I see you card . david I take out as much as I could . emily I know . her hand stay outstretch . David hand it to she . she insert it into the ATM card slot . look to David . it take he a second to realize what she 's wait for . david five , nine , oh-eight . Emily remove a pen from she coat pocket . say the pin out loud as she write it on the back of a deposit envelope . 52 . emily five...nine ...zero ... eight. okay ... she press number on the ATM keypad . in reverse order of what she write down . emily eight...zero ... david you be do it backwards . emily I know . I remember hearing that if you enter a pin backwards into a ATM , it automatically alert the police . it 's some sort of panic code in case you be get rob . David join Emily at the ATM . Corey stay down near the heating vent , shine the mini key ring flashlight inside . corey that 's a urban legend . it 's bullshit . david ( to Corey ) how do you know that ? Corey turn off the flashlight . stuff the key in he pants pocket . corey think about it -- what if you pin be , like , four , two , two , four ? you be fuck . emily it 's still worth try . Emily enter the last of the digit . press enter . the display screen read : '' incorrect pin . '' David 's card be eject from the card slot . a steady beep sound from the ATM , alert they to remove the card . David be about to retrieve he card when he be distract by Corey , who climb to he foot , face the door . corey where do he go ? 53. David and Emily turn around to see what Corey be look at : no one . the man be miss . Robert 's body , however , remain where it be last see . david do you see he leave ? corey I just turn around and he be not there anymore . david but do you actually see he walk away ? David press he face against the glass . his dilate eye frenetically dart in every direction . the ATM continue to beep , signal the need for the card to be retrieve from the slot . corey who care ? this might be we only chance . david he could be right around back . corey even if he be , we be less safe in here than we be out there . david we be still alive . ( be : Robert ) he 's not . corey that do not mean shit . Corey put he hand on the door , prepare to exit . emily Corey , please , no . he stop . disarm by Emily 's genuine concern for he . emily ( cont 'd ) please ... he take he hand off the door . calm down . after a beat : 54 . corey if he want to get in here , he can . david he do not know that . corey he do not have to use the door . he can smash the glass with a rock . he can drive the damn car right at we ... emily then why have not he ? corey I do not know . I do not know ... the ATM finally stop beep . David 's card be swallow . David tap a few button on the ATM . nothing . his card be go . david shit ... Emily continue to stare out the window . with she eye fix outside : emily why 's he do this to we ? david I do not know . emily maybe we do something to he . but what ? David obviously have no idea . emily ( cont 'd ) do something happen at the bar ? david not with I . corey I either . ( beat , then to David ) wait ... what about that guy from work today ? david what guy ? 55 . corey the one scream at you on the phone . emily what do you do to he ? david nothing . corey bullshit , nothing . you lose half the money in he 401k three day before Christmas . david yeah , I know , but ... ( be : the man ) this guy be not he . corey how do you know ? david because I know . corey you say it yourself . you have never meet he in person . david no , but I do know he 's in he sixty . if anything , this guy could be any one of the thousand of people you piss off daily . Emily 's not convinced . david ( cont 'd ) Emily , this guy be not do all this because I lose he money . if that be the case , why would he kill the dog guy ? it do not make sense . corey it 's at least a reason . emily but why here ? why not do this in some alley or wherever , where there be not glass separate we , or a security camera watch ? 56 . David look around the vestibule . thinks as he speak . david it 's isolate . open all night . only one way in or out . and there 's a box full of money in it . ( beat ) it 's the perfect human trap . corey human trap ! be you hearing yourself right now ? David shrug , any other idea ? corey so what , he be wait here ? david I do not know . it 's possible , maybe . emily he could not have follow we . we do not see any car . david right , yes . so he be wait . corey but how do he know we would be here ? david he do not . Corey shake he head . corey fuck that , this be all bullshit . david ( sarcastic ) that 's great man . really fuck insightful . they all try to calm they nerve a bit . none of they can stop from shiver . the cold be oppressive . after a long beat : corey I can not feel my finger . 57 . emily I either . Emily extend she pale hand to get a better look at they . her fingertip be slightly purple . David cup Emily 's hand in he . rub they . in a much need moment of levity , David grab Corey 's hand , too . huddle they together with he and Emily 's . but , the moment be fleeting . somber look soon appear on they face . they tremble hand lower and separate . they eye divert . they be freezing to death . they clearly know it , too . just then , a faint light shine across the parking lot , near the supermarket . David , Corey and Emily turn to face it . david what 's that ? second later , its source appear : the same car from earlier . unlit emergency light sit on its roof . emily it 's the police . the same one from before . Emily bang against the class . emily ( cont 'd ) help !! help US !! David and Corey join in , basically yell the same . int . security car - continuous a slightly overweight security guard , 45 , drive he car through the parking lot . a late-night am talk show play on he radio . he notice David , Emily and Corey across the parking lot in the bank vestibule . confound , he circle around . ext . parking lot - continuous insert - the man 's p.o.v. : the car approach . he watch it from the shadow . end insert 58 . the Security car pull up closer to the vestibule . inside the vestibule they watch as the car draw nearer . Corey be ready to burst out the door . Emily and David stand behind he , also ready . corey as soon as the cop see we , we make a run for it . david yeah . okay . but then -- the car 's overhead emergency light be switch on . not red and blue . Green . Corey stop . apparently think better of exite . corey it 's a security guard . emily so what ? the Security car park . its green light continue to spin . from out of it emerge the Security Guard . corey so he do not have a gun . he 's not go to be able to do shit to stop that guy . david ( be : the man ) where be he ? corey I do not know . I still do not see he . Emily bang on the glass . emily help we !! outside the vestibule the Security Guard walk toward the vestibule . cautiously . the spin green light reflect off he shiny , brass badge . 59 . he notice the residue of the word '' help '' write on the glass , which be now fade and indiscernible . he remove a maglite flashlight from he garrison belt , next to a can of pepper spray . security guard what be you guy do in there ? muffled through the glass : david watch out -- there 's someone out there . Emily open the door enough to lean outside . the midwestern wind howl madly . emily call the police ! the Security Guard can not hear she over the wind . security guard what ? I can not ... he walk closer . trepidation in each step . security guard ( cont ’d ) be you okay in there ? still fight the wind , but more discernible : emily ( point ) he 's try to kill we !! the Security Guard look over to where Emily point . all he see be David 's car . confused at first , the Security Guard 's expression quickly change upon see Robert 's bloody , dead body lie on the concrete . security guard Jesus ... he fumble with he walkie-talkie . hurriedly put it to he mouth . security guard twenty - two to base , twenty - two to base ... 60 . only static be hear from the other end of the walkie-talkie . security guard ( cont ’d ) twenty - two to base , twenty - two to base ... a dispatcher be hear through the walkie-talkie . dispatcher ( v.o. ) go ahead , twenty - two . wham !!! the Security Guard 's head be smashed with a half crumble cinder block . he collapse to the ground . the man stand over he . see this , Emily yank the vestibule door shut . the Security Guard be almost unconscious . the man pick up a smaller piece of the now shattered cinder block and smash - smash . the man slam he in the temple . blood spill out . just as suddenly as it start , it stop . the Security Guard do not move . the man take a step away , over to the Security car . he turn off the ignition , the light . the man then grab the Security Guard by he shirt . drag he , use only one of he powerful arm , across the parking lot . like he 's clear roadkill . inside the vestibule David , Emily and Corey watch as the man drag the Security Guard 's dead , bloody body closer to David 's car . he leave he there , carelessly , not far from Robert 's carcass . it 's all too much for Emily to take . she walk softly to the corner of the booth . sit down . her back face David and Corey . after a beat : david be you okay ? Emily ? she do not answer . corey Emily ? 61 . emily leave I alone . David reach out to touch Emily 's shoulder . she abruptly pull away . emily both of you , please , just ... leave I alone . she shiver in the cold . hug she arm close to she body . David and Corey speak quietly to each other . corey she need to keep move . david I know , I know ... corey we should still make a run for it -- david ( overlap ) no -- corey -- he will go for one of we , and the other can make a run for it . david who 's go to play the bait ? you ? because I be sure as hell not go to again . Corey sigh . frustrate . still huddle in the corner : emily do we have any more plant ? david ( confuse ) what ? emily plant ... I do not know . I think there be plant . she rub she temple . appear disconcert . 62. corey ( quietly to David ) she 's disorient as fuck . david it 's hypothermia . we can not stay here much longer . corey no shit . we just have -- click . a howling wind blow into the vestibule . they head whip around to face the now open door , where they see -- -- the man walking in !!! Corey 's eye widen . david Emily !! David lunge forward , blocking the man from Emily , who he be nearest . he grab the man by he thick jacket and slam he against the plaster wall . man abhh .. the man fight back . resist . Corey immediately jump in the fray . join David in wrestling the man to the ground . whack -whack-whack ! David and Corey 's punch land , haphazardly , all over the man 's face and body . still he continue to struggle , both audibly and physically . the man kick wildly , striking Corey in the face . Emily scream . david grab he !! Corey shake it off . blood spill from he nose . he jump back on top of the man , rejoining David in the struggle . he grab the man by the hair , lift he head -- -- slam-slam-slam . against the wall , just beneath the signing shelf . the man scream out in pain . blood stain he hair . still , he fight back . grab at David 's face and neck . 63 . emily David !! the man 's finger rake across David 's eye . pull at he hair and skin . the entire battle be awkwardly primordial . no skill whatsoever ; only pure survival instinct . with the man 's hand now grabbing at he throat , David notice the pen -- hang from a thin , steel cable wire attach to the signing shelf above -- dangle in front of he . his eye widen . he frees one of he hand , which be tangle up in the struggle . grab the pen . wrap the steel wire around the man 's throat . take hold of the wire with both hand -- -- and pull with all he might . push off with he foot , for leverage , against the man 's body . the man 's hand instantly raise to he throat . he writhes and thrashes like a fish on a boat deck . desperately try to squeeze he finger beneath the wire . his face turn color . Red first , then blue . the vein in he forehead and neck look as if they be about to burst . David bare he clench tooth , hold on with all he strength . the man 's leg kick uncontrollably , more and more ... until -- -- he succumb to asphyxiation . he stop move . his head slowly slump to he chest . it 's over . Corey inch away from the body . equally unnerve , David push the man 's dead , bloody body off of he , onto the floor . insert - the p.o.v. from the black and white security camera in the ATM : David slide out from underneath the man . let go of the signing shelf pen cord , wrap around the man 's throat . it slip off the man . dangle from the signing shelf . Corey and Emily stare . David look up at they . back to scene 64 . emily be he ...? still labor to catch he breath , David respond with a uneasy nod . Corey let out a long sigh . his lung be also on fire from the encounter . he take off he collare dress shirt , leave he in a T-shirt . he hold the collare shirt to he bloody nose . emily ( cont 'd ) what ... what do we do now ? corey leave . David nod in agreement , still somewhat shell - shocked . emily we have to tell the police . david yeah . we will . let 's just get out of here first . David climb to he foot . Corey do the same . david ( cont 'd ) ( to Emily ) you okay ? emily yeah . be you ? david I think so . ( to Corey ) how 's you nose . Corey do not answer . he slowly lower the shirt from he nose . his dilate eye stare straight ahead . david ( cont 'd ) ( to Corey ) hey ...? you all right ? emily no ... David look at Emily . she also stare outside . David turn to see what they be look at . 65 . to he shock , he see the man . stand twenty foot from the entrance . watch they . david what ...? how 's he ...? emily what do you do ? david I do not do anything . he ...he be go to kill we ! corey ( be : the dead body ) who be he ? if it 's not he , then who be it ? david I do not know . I think ... you do , too . corey I know , I know ! David be thunderstruck . he place he hand against the wall to steady himself . Emily take step away , overcome by emotion . after a beat , Corey take off the dead man 's parka . its hood -- which be on the dead man 's head when he first enter the vestibule -- have since fall off , expose he bloody face . underneath the parka , the dead man wear a work uniform of some kind . a factory - style jumpsuit . a plastic employee badge for '' newgate hospital '' -- with he photo , name and '' custodial dept . - 3rd shift '' print on it -- be clipped to he breast pocket . Corey search through the parka pocket . he only find useless piece of paper . he then start a search of the dead man 's pants pocket . david what be you do ? corey look for a cell phone . Corey continue he frantic search . from the dead man 's pocket , he remove : set of key ... 66 . small bit of paper ... and a wallet . but no cell phone . corey ( cont 'd ) nothing . Corey resignedly toss the item to the cold , tile floor . Emily notice a ATM card lie on the floor . David grab the dead man 's discard wallet off the floor . sift through its content : a credit card ... very little cash ... a small photo of he , along with a woman of about the same age and two adolescent child ... his license ... david ( read ) harold westbrook . eight Frederick Street . date of birth : five , nineteen , sixty -eight . ( beat ) what the hell be he do here ? emily use the ATM . David look over to see Emily hold harold 's ATM card . David lean back against the frosty glass . sit down . his head fall into he tremble hand . corey we do not know anything about this guy . for all we know , he could have be work with that douchebag outside . david he 's get a wife ... kid . corey so what ? that could all be bullshit . 67 . david for Christ 's sake , Corey , the guy 's a fuck janitor . he be on he way to work . Emily place the ATM card on the floor and move back . emily he 's innocent ... ( sotto , but loud enough for they to hear ) just like we be . Corey and David be quickly sober by this statement . a few moment of silence pass before David break it . david ( be : harold , deject ) not anymore . David look at Emily . his guilt be palpable . Corey can not fight it anymore . he know they be right . he kick over the metal waste basket . Paper fly everywhere . outside the vestibule the man watch they for a moment . Studies they . after a beat , he move into the shadow . inside the vestibule Emily return to the opposite side of the vestibule . David remain seat against the glass , he arm huddle to he chest . Corey walk over to harold 's body and take the parka off he . see harold 's bloody , dead body make Emily uneasy . she look away . Corey put the heavy parka on over he T-shirt . walk to the other end of the vestibule . leans against the glass . it 's apparent they all need some space from one another . no one say a word at first . and then , after a long beat : david you have to make I stop . you could not just go home ... 68. corey fuck you , David . do not even try make this my fault . david it be you fault ! outside the vestibule the man walk to the rear of the vestibule . David and Corey continue to argue off -screen . they voice , though slightly silence by the wall , still carry through enough to be hear . corey ( 0.s. ) nobody make you stop . david ( 0.s. ) you do ! the man flip open the toolbox . grab the spool of metal wire . inside the vestibule the argument continue . corey I do not make you do anything . you could have say no . david I do say no . twice . but as usual , you do not give a shit . corey that still do not make this my fault . if it 's anyone 's fault , it 's yours . david mine ? David leap to he foot . corey get the fuck out of my face . david fuck you . 69 . corey ( be : harold ) you be the one who do this ... with that , David immediately charge at Corey . insert - the p.o.v. from the silent , black and white camera inside the ATM : David slam Corey hard into the plaster wall . Corey stand back , momentarily shocked . he appear to shout something and then charge back at David . back to scene Corey try to tackle David , but David hold he ground . Emily attempt to break it up . emily stop ! stop it ! David push Corey back against the wall . Corey respond by shove David hard to he chest . david ( to Corey ) you do it , too ! corey get off I ! outside the vestibule the man watch from the shadow , not far from David 's car . Corey and David continue to push and shove each other . inside the vestibule David and Corey , still tangle up , have clearly begin to tire . they arm soon unlock . release they grip on each other , break the stalemate . they each let out long sigh , which curl from they mouth in spiral of cold mist . they walk away from each other . Emily look outside . emily he 's go again . 70 . David do not bother to look . neither do Corey . they disdainful gaze be lock on each other . david he 's out there . somewhere . it 's clear that Corey 's reach a break point . corey I be tired of this shit . I be tired of hide . tire of wait for someone to come save I . david it 's the only option we have . corey you have . Corey grab he bottle of tequila . take a swig . emily what be you go to do ? corey get the hell out of here . david that 's what he want you to do -- corey -- fuck he ! he 's one guy ! there be three of we . emily I can not go out there , Corey . corey do not . ( to David ) you either . ( to both ) I do not even care anymore . if you want to stay in here and die , that 's you call . but I be do with this . Corey place he bottle of tequila on the ground . emily please , just wait ... corey no . no more wait . 71 . david enough with the tough guy rou -- wait ... what ?!! Corey 's burst out of the vestibule door !! david ( cont 'd ) Corey , no !! outside the vestibule Corey stop for a brief moment , not far from the door . scan the parking lot . to the leave ...to the right . it 's empty -- the man be nowhere to be find . David and Emily bang against the glass , try to get Corey to return . Corey disregard they plea . he steel himself -- and then race into the darken lot . his leg pump hard despite be nearly lock up from the cold . his heart drum wildly . just as he be about to pass by David 's car -- -- wham !! his leg inexplicably come out from under he , landing he flat on he back . hard . the bone in he leave leg break . inside the vestibule David and Emily watch . panicked . david no ! emily Corey ! outside the vestibule Corey lie on the ground , in agonizing pain . he cough , gasp for breath . hold he throat . still , he try to drag himself to safety . just then , the man approach he , arrive from out of the darkness . traces something in the air -- a straight line of some kind . we see what it be he trace : the metal wire -- strung across the clear between the car and the pole of a overhead light . 72 . he create a perimeter . the man hover over Corey . Corey 's gaze climb he , until he finally stare at the man 's shroud face . deep , cloudy breath emanate from underneath he hood . corey please ... please ... inside the vestibule David bang against the glass . plead for he friend 's life . david no !! nol !!! the man look over at David and Emily . he calmly pull out a screwdriver from inside he parka . David 's eye widen as he see the screwdriver . he try to exit the vestibule to help he friend , but Emily grab hold of he . she hang on with all she might . david ( cont 'd ) no !! Corey !!! emily David , no ! david let I go !! emily it 's too late ! david no it 's not ! let I go ! David open the door and push free of Emily . harder than he probably intend . she fall backward , trip over harold 's leg and slamming she head onto the cold floor . see this , David stop . close the door and rush to she side . david ( cont 'd ) shit ! I be sorry ! Emily ...! emily I be okay . I be all right . she rub the back of she head . 73. see that she 's okay , David start to turn away . Emily grab he by the arm with surprising force , stop he . emily ( cont 'd ) do not look . Emily 's fearful plea give David pause . but , David have to look . he slowly turn to face the vestibule door . outside , he see Corey 's dead , bloody body lie on the cold concrete . the screwdriver still stick from he stomach . David 's hand tremble . his breathe border on hyperventilation . near a breakdown , David 's foot move backwards . slowly . further and further away from the door . his back soon touch the plaster wall . collapse onto it . david this can not ... this can not be happen ... he rub at he eye , he temple . his hand wring he muss hair . his whole body shake . he fall apart . Emily wait a moment before approach he . sit down next to he . she hold he ; he hold she . they shiver in the unyield cold . outside the vestibule the man walk behind the vestibule . pick up the hammer and screwdriver . he 's just about to smash the metal door , when he 's distract by a distant sound . turn to see what cause it , he notice that yet another Christmas tree have blow over near the supermarket . it pull against a metal chain , which keep it from completely blow away . he be about to return he attention to the vestibule , but do a double - take when he see -- -- the long , freeze , industrial hose snake between the row of Christmas tree . 74 . he take a beat . the vapor of misty breath stop come from under he parka hood . the world seem still , quiet . as if provide he with the silence he need to think . then , a sudden release of breath escape he mouth as he march over to the row of Christmas tree . he grab the industrial hose . pull . it crack and creak as the ice inside and around it break up . fade to : inside the vestibule David and Emily huddle close together for warmth . it do little to keep they body from freezing . david the hat ... I know it be not yours . I grab it off the back of someone 's chair . emily why ? david ( shrug ) I be desperate . emily for what ? david for a way to keep you from leave . ( beat ) I wish I have just let you go . I be so sorry . emily do not be . david you should be home right now . emily David ... david it 's my fault . a unsettle realization occur to Emily . emily you be right . it be . 75 . David look at Emily . surprise by she concurrence . emily ( cont 'd ) it 's all of we fault . Emily set adrift in think . emily ( cont 'd ) we have be in here for hour now try to control what 's happen to we . wait for ... a reason . ( beat ) what , because we do not do anything wrong we be somehow suppose to be protect ? by who ? the police ? alarm ? Little visor clip with angel on they ? ( beat ) if there be a reason this be happen , it 's because we never think it could . David take a moment to consider this . david still , you should not be here . emily I could have take a cab . I could have skip the party . I could have never work at starkweather in the first place . but , I do all that thing , and a million , random thing in between , and add up they all bring I here tonight ... with you . David look up at Emily . emily ( cont 'd ) although , give what 's happen , lunch would have probably be a better choice . David eke out a smile . he pull Emily closer . they tighten they embrace . david I have want to be this close to you for so long . Emily 's head fall to David 's chest , against he T-shirt . her chin slowly rise . 76 . tear trickle over she lip as they draw nearer to David 's . and then , suddenly -- bang ! ! David and Emily leap to they foot . turn to face the plaster wall . bang-bang-bang-bang ! ! follow by silence . David and Emily stare at the plaster wall . like deer in headlight . wait for whatever could possibly happen next . and then , the distinct sound of old , rusted hinge squealing as a hulk metal door be force open . David and Emily listen intently . dun .....--- dun .......- dun ......-- the man 's heavy footstep trace along the opposite side of the plaster wall . a faint clinking sound be hear , come from the heating vent . Metal touch metal . but just as suddenly as it start , it stop . silence . Emily and David do not move a muscle . they wait . David 's attention be suddenly steal by something he see out of the corner of he eye . David turn around fully to get a better look . his visage of bewilderment be instantly replace by that of shock . david Christ ... Emily turn to see what David be look at . it 's Corey . he 's ash - white . bleed profusely . the screwdriver still stick in he stomach . Corey 's quivering arm drag himself across the parking lot , toward the ATM vestibule . a trail of smear blood follow he . Emily be about to say something -- or scream -- when David pull she close to he . cover she mouth . 77 . put a finger to he mouth . shhhhhhhh . a cloud of smoke accentuate he silent directive . he point at the plaster wall , refer to the man . Emily get it -- she nod . David remove he hand from she mouth . David quietly open the vestibule door . exit . Emily exit with he to ... outside the vestibule they be instantly hit with a achingly cold gust of wind . in the background , we see the time and temperature sign . current time : 3:léam . temperature : negative 6 degree Fahrenheit . David and Emily sneak across the parking lot . hurry over to Corey . grab he under the arm . lift the upper part of he body off the ground . for a moment they consider whether to make a run for it in the other direction . but it 's impossible . they have to get Corey back inside . david ( hushed ) okay . come on . they move Corey back toward the vestibule , try not to make a sound . his rag doll leg noisily drag across the ground . david ( cont 'd ) ( hushed ) hurry ... they continue to drag Corey . blood spill from he open wound . they be halfway there , when -- the man appear from out of the shadow . he move toward they . faster than usual . david and emily see the man . they panic . emily there he be !! 78 . david go-go-go !! they pull with all they might , as fast as they freeze , fatigue body will allow . the man close the distance between they . he hold the tire iron in he hand . david and emily pull Corey with all they collective might . David 's leg get tangle with Corey 's . he stumble . emily get up ! he 's come !! David quickly get back to he foot . they resume they rescue effort . the man get dangerously close . within twenty foot . Fifteen foot . ten foot ... david and emily call upon every last bit of strength they possess . david get the door !! I have get he -- get the door !! emily let go of Corey . rushes over to the vestibule . david grab Corey under both arm from behind . lift he a bit higher off the ground than he previously have be . Corey let out a pain groan . the man see Emily rush for the vestibule . he choose to stay on David . he 's close . very close . emily open the door . rushes inside . hold the door open with a outstretch arm . 79 . the man raise the tire iron as he get within strike distance of David . emily David ! hurry !! david give Corey one final , desperate pull , drag he ... inside the vestibule Emily help pull David in , as he still carry Corey . Emily slam the door shut . insert - the p.o.v. from the black and white security camera in the ATM : David fall into the vestibule , on top of Corey , after drag he body in there . David drag and lean Corey against one of the window . David 's body block much of what be go on with Corey . back to scene outside the vestibule the man stand outside the vestibule . just over ten foot away from the entrance . still hold the tire iron . he stare at Emily , who remain stand at the door . transfix . after a beat , the man lower the tire iron to he side . inside the vestibule Emily stare back at the man. terrify . david Emily , what be you do ?! I need you help ! Emily snap out of it . slowly . still stare at the man . after a beat , she join David , who attend to Corey . Corey 's in worse condition than it seem . his skin be terribly pale . his purple lip tremble . 80 . blood leak from he stomach , through he flimsy T-shirt and all over harold 's parka , which he still wear . david ( to Corey ) Holy shit , holy shit . Corey ? Corey ? can you hear I ? come on , buddy ... please ... Corey ? Corey ?! ( to Emily ) we have get to get he help . emily cover he stomach with something . david with what ? emily anything ! david I do not have -- give I something ! Emily look around . grab a handful of deposit envelope . hand they to David . emily ( be : the envelope ) use this . David place they against Corey 's wound , carefully avoid the screwdriver . blood immediately soak through the paper . the pressure cause Corey to emit a anguish scream . he double over . outside the vestibule the man lean in the smashed passenger side window of David 's car . shift it into neutral . inside the vestibule Corey 's condition worsen by the second . david what do I do ?! emily I do not know ! Corey shiver uncontrollably . he 's freezing . bleed to death . david Jesus ... Corey .... to Emily , regard the screwdriver : david ( cont 'd ) should I pull it out ? emily no . it could make it worse . david ( be : the blood ) it 's not stop ! emily I know , I know ... Emily place Corey 's discard button - down shirt -- which he previously leave in the vestibule after use it to blot he bloody nose -- over he stomach . david do it easy . emily I have to put pressure on it ! Emily press the shirt down on Corey 's wound , try to stabilize he bleed . more blood ooze out . Corey respond weakly . it 's clear he 's fade fast . the blood soak through the shirt , drench it . david we have get to get he to a hospital . emily how ? david I do not know , but we have to . he 's go to bleed to death if we do not . Corey continue to shiver . Emily take off she coat , leave she in she work blouse . she drape it over Corey like a blanket . still aid Corey , David look outside for the man. nowhere in sight . 82 . David turn he attention back inside the vestibule . frantically look everywhere for a answer . david ( cont 'd ) if we try to ... David notice that Corey be start to drift away . he gently tap he cheek to bring he back . david ( cont 'd ) ( to Corey ) ... whoa - whoa-whoa , Corey ... Corey ! Corey come back around , albeit slightly . david ( cont 'd ) ( be : the compress ) keep hold that there . David climb to he foot . nervously search the vestibule . emily what be you do ? David pick up the metal waste basket . take firm hold of it . without even a moment of hesitation -- whack ! whack ! whack ! David slam the waste basket against the ATM . insert - p.o.v. from the black and white security camera in the ATM : the round base of the metal waste basket come into frame as it 's continuously smashed against the ATM . after yet another smash with the waste basket , the image on ATM security camera go dead . back to scene the ATM display screen be shattered . there be no longer a image -- only a dead , break monitor . David look up to the emergency light with hope in he expectant eye . still , no alarm . emily what be you do ?! 83. david it will send a signal to the police , will not it ? if the ATM 's break ? emily I do not know ! david well , something in this thing have to ! it 's own by a God damn bank ! still tend to the rapidly fade Corey , Emily glance outside . her mouth fall agape . David turn and see why . the man have roll David 's car up against the front of the vestibule . the front bumper press against the glass door . david ( cont 'd ) what ...? David try to open the vestibule door . not a chance . he frantically try again . it barely open a inch . david ( cont 'd ) we be lock in . Corey suddenly start to convulse . emily ( be : Corey ) what 's he do ?! David rush over to help . grab Corey 's shaking leg . david grab he ! Emily struggle to keep Corey 's body under control . blood and bile spill from the corner of he mouth . david ( cont 'd ) Corey ! come on , buddy . please ... Corey soon stop . he 's alive . barely . his blood soak David 's clothes . David be paralyze by he inability to do a damn thing to fix the situation . and then -- there's water . it rush through the heating vent . fast. 84 . david ( cont 'd ) Holy shit ! the icy water rapidly spread across the floor . pool in the corner . emily stop it ! David stuff Corey 's discard , bloody shirt into the metal grate cover the vent . it do little to stop the heavy flow of water . he wince in pain as the cold water sting he shiver , purple hand . the water splashes all over he , soaking he clothes . a inch of water have already fill the vestibule . some leak out from underneath the door and window -- but not much . emily ( cont 'd ) David , help I ! Emily try to lift Corey 's body from the water . David rush over to help . they lift Corey 's body . he emit a pain moan . david the signing shelf . they foot splash through the frigid water as they struggle to carry cory 's limp body over to the signing shelf . david ( cont 'd ) on three . one , two , three ... they try to lift Corey high enough to lay he on the signing shelf , but can not . david ( cont 'd ) Higher ! emily I ...i... can not . Emily 's bent finger appear almost arthritic . the cold and wet be crippling . she shiver uncontrollably . David grab Corey by himself . lift he . place he on the shelf -- but it 's far too narrow . Corey slip right off . 85 . David have no choice but to place he back on the ground , in the water . it 's now close to six inch deep . david fuck ... Emily drape she coat over Corey once again . David approach the door . he try to control he erratic , irrepressibly rapid breathe . his purple lip quiver . emily ( be : the man ) he 's try to drow we . David push the door with all he might . it open a inch . Water drain -- but cold air rush in . David 's muscle give . the door close . david not drow we -- freeze we . the water be unremitte . gallon after ice cold gallon spill from out of the vent , bring the level in the vestibule just under David and Emily 's knee . harold 's corpse float at the surface of the frigid water . holding Corey close , compress he wound , David 's eye frenetically dart in every direction , search for a solution . and then , he see something -- right in front of he face . the focus of he rapt attention : a pack of cigarettes , poke out of the inside pocket of harold 's parka -- which be still be wear by Corey . David ferret through the parka . remove the pack of cigarettes . as he clearly hope , a disposable lighter be also tuck away in the inside pocket . his look of hopelessness evaporate from he face , overcome by a expression of nascent optimism . he then look up at the ceiling , where he see -- -- the FIRE sprinkler system , poke through various part of the high ceiling . David hatches a instant plan . potentially a good one . 86 . he leap to he foot . climb , with great difficulty , on top of the metal signing shelf . tries sparking the lighter . his numb , purple hand lack the motor skill require to spin the striker . he resolve to use the palm of he other hand to spin it . it only spit a few spark . one more try . finally , it catch . he hold the lighter over he head . but , the ceiling be far too high . david ( cont 'd ) shit ! emily you need to be higher . david I know , I know ... Emily sit Corey up against the wall . she then collect as many paper item as she can that have not yet get wet . deposit envelope , discard receipt , etc . stuff they in the metal waste basket , which now float on the surface of the rise water . emily find as much paper as you can . anything that will burn . David join Emily as they both work intensively at this task . outside the vestibule the man set up the fold lawn chair . sit in it . watch David and Emily from afar as they race to fill the waste basket . inside the vestibule the waste basket be fairly full . david that 's enough . David hold out the lighter . again he struggle to light it . spark . spark . david ( sotto ) come on , come on ... 87 . spark . spark . david ( cont 'd ) come on ! and then , finally -- -- and it catch . he use he other hand to shield the flame as he move the lighter closer to the paper in the waste basket . David touch the flame to the corner of a single piece of paper . the flame quickly spread . he stuff the lighter into he pants pocket . within a matter of second , large flame jump out from the top of the waste basket . david ( cont 'd ) all right -- hold onto it . Emily take hold of the waste basket . watch David as the ice cold water continue to rise . he place he knee on top of the signing shelf . reaches to grab hold of anything that can assist he in he climb -- but there 's nothing . just a blank , glass wall . inching forward onto he butt , he manage to sit on the narrow shelf . the next step be far more difficult : stand up . he check the status of the fire inside the waste basket . still burn , but already show sign of weaken . he look over at Corey , who sit against the wall . the water be up to he chest . time be run out -- for everyone . david ( cont 'd ) throw in more paper . emily there 's only a little leave ! david use it ! Emily throw in the last of the paper . the fire reignite to its original strength . she approach the signing shelf . 88 . emily here -- grab onto my shoulder . David do just that . he 's able to maintain he balance long enough to stand up . david okay ... hand it to I . ducking away from the flame , Emily lift up the metal waste basket . david ( cont 'd ) careful ... be careful . emily take it ... take it ! David take the waste basket . Emily take several step backward . sloshes through the ice cold water . David lift the waste basket . past he face . over he head . his lower back inch away from the wall . he sway back and forth . his view of the fire sprinkler be block by the waste basket . david be I near it ? she shake she head to offer a distress '' no . '' David angle the waste basket so he can see for himself . he 's not even close . the ceiling be simply too high . he let out a frustrated scream . lower the waste basket . rest it on the signing shelf . outside the vestibule David 's scream be dampen by the glass window . the man remain seat in the lawn chair . patiently wait . he watch as Emily push against the door . it open enough to let some water out . inside the vestibule 89 . the fire inside the waste basket be die fast . david we need more paper . anything ! Corey fade in and out of consciousness . his skin have turn a icy blue . the water level be up to he chin . Emily 's jacket , which be previously drape over he like a blanket , now float on top of the water , as do he cap bottle of tequila . Emily tear cardboard Bank of the Midwest advertisement out from behind they plastic shield , on the plaster wall . hurries they over to David . emily throw this in . David do just that . woosh -- the advertisement go up in flame . David angle away from the heat . but the flame quickly subside . threaten to extinguish . Emily and David 's already raise panic increase . emily ( cont 'd ) help I up . Emily start climb onto the signing table . she extend she hand for David to grab . emily ( cont 'd ) help pull I up . david no -- what be you do ? emily the fire 's go to burn out . David help Emily onto the narrow signing shelf . the two of they barely fit on top of it . the flame waste basket do not make it any easier . Emily take hold of David 's shoulder as she get she balance . be smaller than David , she have less trouble stand up . david what the hell be you -- emily try to squat down a little . 90 . david the fire 's go out . we be waste time ! emily if I can get on you shoulder , I should be able to get close enough to the sprinkler . david what ?! emily just do it , David ! please ! David squat down . slightly . his back ease away from the wall . his balance be shaky . Emily place she foot on David 's thigh . carefully grab around he neck . tries to climb on top of he . with one hand still balance the waste basket on the signing table , David use the other to help Emily climb . Emily 's foot slip off David 's thigh . she lose she balance , but manage to stay on the signing shelf . Corey emit a pain moan , which instantly turn into a misty spiral in the cold air . david forget it ! David grab the other side of the waste basket . ready to lift it again . emily help I up again . david forget it , Emily . it 's not work ! emily you can not reach it by yourself ! David reluctantly give in . he squat lower , struggle to maintain he balance . emily ( cont 'd ) lower ... gl . david I can not get any lower without fall off . emily try ! he manage to lower himself a few more inch . his leg sway back and forth , threaten to cause he to fall at any moment . Emily again place she foot on David 's thigh ... grab hold around he neck ... pull herself up ... slowly raise she leg over he shoulder , follow by the other . she 's on . David waver a bit , cause Emily to sway , but he manage to hold fast . he slowly press up with he leg . they do it . and not a minute too soon -- the fire be rapidly fade . emily okay , pass it to I . David grip the waste basket . his knee shake a bit . his balance remain unsteady . he raise the flame waste basket . david okay , take it . the flame get rather close to Emily . still , she reach for the waste basket . emily almost ... David extend he arm above he head as far as he can . Emily 's hand lunge for the basket . she reach further ... further ... and then finally -- 92 . emily ( cont 'd ) I have get it ! David slowly release the waste basket . Emily hold onto it . david all right , rise it above you . under one of the sprinkler . Emily spot the close sprinkler . it 's right above she . the top of David 's foot dangle precariously off the edge of the shelf . his hypothermic body sway back and forth . Emily 's skinny , soaking wet arm struggle to raise the metal waste basket over she head . david ( cont 'd ) Higher ! emily I be try !! it inch up further . almost close enough . Higher ... Higher ... almost there ... and then , as the flame lick against the sprinkler -- -- pssshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !! all of the sprinkler fire , raining down water inside the vestibule . outside the vestibule the man watch from the shadow as a strobe light flash repeatedly from inside the vestibule . a separate strobe light flash outside the vestibule . a audible alarm sound : woop ... woop ... woop ... woop ... inside the vestibule frigid water spray all over Emily and David . the strobe light flash ad nauseam . the alarm be deafen . but Emily and David rejoice . emily it work ! it wor -- 93 . the signing shelf give on one side . collapse . David 's leg come right out from under he . he and Emily come crashing down . David splashes into the waist - deep water that fill the vestibule . his back slam against the floor below with a thud . Emily , fall from a even great height , fall straight down -- -- smack !! her head smashes against the half of the signing shelf that do not collapse . she splashes into the water . Cloud of crimson spill from she head , clouding the water in which she now float . in a great deal of pain , hypothermic , David emerge from the water . see Emily lie motionless in the sanguine water . david Emily !! he rush through the water to she . lift she in he arm . hold she close to he . shiver uncontrollably . david ( cont 'd ) ( frantic ) oh my god. Emily ! she barely stir . her eye flutter . bloody spit spill from the corner of she mouth . she 's alive . hanging on by a thread . gelid water also continue to rain down from the sprinkler , cause the water level to rise twice as fast as before . the strobe light keep its cadence , as do the audible alarm sound . david ( cont 'd ) please ... just hold on . help 's on the way . hold on . Emily 's almost completely unresponsive . she start to slip away . david ( cont 'd ) no-no-no ... come back , come back . 94 . Emily come around , albeit ever so slightly . but only for a moment . she and David look in each other 's eye ... and then ... ... she 's go . crestfallen , David lean he head against the glass wall , hugging Emily close to he . he shiver madly , colder than ever . david no ... the ear-pierce sound of the alarm and the extremely bright strobe light be madden . holding Emily in he tremble arm , cover in she blood , he rapidly come undone . he look across the vestibule , at Corey , who , like harold , float face - down on the surface of the water . time have expire for he as well . David fall apart . the water from the sprinkler rain down on he defeat head . it 's over . but then -- -- smash !!!!! David 's car crash through the vestibule door , after have be rammed by the Security car . the vestibule 's glass wall shatter . Water rush from the vestibule , into the parking lot , bring Corey 's body with it . David lay on the floor of what remain of the vestibule . injured . disorient . bleed . freeze . he soon regains he faculty . look at the pile - up car . the destruction . the body . he crawl over to where Emily 's body now lay . cradle she in he tremulous arm . a single tear streak down he pallid cheek . it cling to he clench jaw before fall to the ground . 95 . he look outside the vestibule at the man , who be back in view , seat -- to David 's confusion -- in the fold lawn chair . the man do not flinch . he just sit and watch . but then -- a change in David begin to occur . angry tear escape he eye . his tooth clench . his pulse race . his breathe become fast and guttural . overcome by a blind rage , he lean Emily 's lifeless body against the wall . sit she upright , against the badly damage plaster wall . he tenderly brushes she hair from she pretty face as the achingly cold water continue to spray from the fire sprinkler above . despite the extensive damage suffer by the vestibule , the emergency light continue to strobe , intersperse flash of white light with moment of almost complete darkness ... the fire alarm keep its madden cadence . David climb to he foot . walk , like a cage animal , across the vestibule . his eye lock on Corey 's half - full bottle of tequila . he unscrew the cap ... reaches into he car through the smashed window . remove he jacket . tear out the liner ... pour a small amount of the tequila onto the jacket liner ... stuff it into the bottle , let a portion hang outside to serve as a wick . a molotov cocktail . David then exit what 's leave of the vestibule . walk past the crash security car . see that the gas pedal be wedge to the floor with the tire iron . he approach Corey 's drench , dead body . he grab hold of the screwdriver in Corey 's stomach , look away -- and yank it out . seethe , David again look out at the man , who still remain seat in the fold chair , partially shroud by darkness . David take one last look at Emily . she lean against the plaster wall , where he leave she . 96 . tragically beautiful . this galvanize image bring David to he break point . the temperature be crippling . his drench clothes cling to he enfeeble frame . still , David soldier on . he hold the molotov cocktail at the ready . the screwdriver in the other hand . he remove the lighter from he pocket . it light on the first try . he touch the flame to the alcohol - soak jacket liner . it catch . cover in blood , and with a look of unbridle hostility on he face , David look every bit the animal he captivity have cause he to become . the alarm sound loudly ... the strobe light continue to flash , outside and inside the vestibule ... the green security light spin atop the security car as steam emanate from under its damage hood ... the night 's madness have reach its crescendo .. David move in closer , the screwdriver outstretch before he . every step he take gather more purpose . incredibly , the man still do not move from the chair . he sit , hide in the shadow , watch as David draw nearer . David be now approach with considerable speed . without break he stride , he take a quick look at the molotov cocktail . it 's more than ready . david ( reach he arm back ) burn , you son of a bitch . with that , David throw the bottle down hard from less than ten foot away . -- boooosh !! it crash directly in front of the man , instantly engulf he in flame . a somewhat sadistic , satisfied smile grin cross David 's face . 97 . david ( cont 'd ) burn ! ! but then , he savage elation slowly fade away , replace by a look of grave concern . to David 's amazement -- and horror -- the man do not move a inch , despite be burn alive . the flame burn high into the dark sky , but the man sit motionless . his primal courage quash , David 's overcome by the crush return of he fear . he clearly can not believe what he 's witness . he move in closer to investigate . cautiously . shield he face from the heat with he hand . and then , once he 's within a few foot of the man , something stop David in he track . through the flame , he see -- -- a badge . and a garrison belt . it 's not the man ; it 's the Security Guard . he 's be place in the chair . David whip he head to where the Security Guard last be . he 's not there . a empty pool of blood on the concrete mark he absence . realizing he 's be trick , David spin around . a look of abject terror appear on he face . we see why . the man stand outside the vestibule , stare at David , block any chance of escape in that direction . with little hesitation , he walk toward David . upon turn to face the other direction , David see he finally have a chance to make a run for it . insert - the Security Guard 's garrison belt . cover in fire , the can of pepper spray deform from the blister heat . back to scene just as David take he first step in that direction , prepare to dash to safety -- -- pop !! the pressurize can of pepper spray burst . a mist blast out from the Security Guard , cover David like a swarm of bee . he fall he knee , clutching at he burn eye in agony . scream . writhing . 98 . the man halt he stride and watch David . unflinchingly . David try desperately to see , but cannot . he fall to he knee , at the foot of the burn Security Guard . the screwdriver still in he hand . suddenly , siren be hear , get louder by the second . the faint hue of flash red and blue light appear . within second , several police car come scream into the distant entrance of the parking lot , follow by a FIRE truck . int . police car —- continuous through he windshield , a sergeant see the burn Security Guard , as well as David -- who be cover in blood , hold the screwdriver , and scream like a madman . the strobe light inside and outside the vestibule continue to flash . two car be crash into the vestibule . Robert 's dead body remain splay out on the concrete . sergeant what the hell ...? ext . parking lot - continuous the police car speed toward this carnival of chaos . from he vantage point , now further back toward the vestibule , the man notice the arrive phalanx of police car . for a moment he edge forward , consider whether to complete he attack . instead , restrain himself , he calmly slip into the shadow . outside the vestibule the police car come to a screeching halt . the sergeant swing open he door . stands behind it . train he weapon on David . sergeant ( cont 'd ) get on the ground !! a patrolman pull out a shotgun . point it David . patrolman Drop the weapon !! still in tremendous pain and unable to see , David be non - compliant . he also have some difficulty hearing the officer over the glaring sound of the alarm and roaring wind . 99 . david no ... what ? I do not ...! schk-schk . the patrolman cock the shotgun . patrolman I say drop it !! David drop the screwdriver , though he wild , uncontrollable movement still appear threaten . other police officer pull out they weapon and train they on David . they all tactically inch they way closer to he . sergeant get on the God damn ground !! now !! david help I ...he 's still here !! sergeant ( to another Officer ) move in ! move in !! two other Police officer rush David . smash he down to the ground . Drop a knee into he back . grab at he arm . David struggle . resist . david he 's right there !! he 's -- David 's cut short by the weight of a Officer 's baton against the back of he neck . he yell out in pain . laying prostrate on the ground , David 's wrist be handcuff . the firefighter move in fast . attend to the burn Security Guard . with the officer still pin he face - first on the ground , David lift he head from the concrete . look toward the vestibule . the man be go . david ( cont 'd ) no! no !! after a beat , the sergeant look over at the vestibule . he do a double - take after catch a glimpse of Emily 's body -- as well as Corey and harold 's . 100 . sergeant we have get three more vic near the vestibule . secure that area ! officer run off toward the vestibule , they gun draw . David be yanked to he foot and dragge to a squad car . he fight back . david what be you do ?! no ! wait -- the officer grip tight on David 's arm . they hand feel like vice against he freeze skin . the Officer shove he into the backseat of the squad car . slam ! he 's lock inside . David 's head slump against the window of the police car . his eye burn red , he breath steal from the blow from the baton , all he can do be watch . dissolve to : montage -- a Fire official turn off the sprinkler and fire alarm as emt lift Emily 's body from the vestibule . -- Police examine the scene , note the break security camera and display screen on the ATM . -- detective and crime scene analyst photograph and diagram the scene , include Corey 's body . -- a detective open the trunk to David 's car . find Robert 's wallet , as well as the deposit envelope fill with cash and Corey 's watch . he also find Emily 's cell phone , with 911 dial and ready to be send . -- a detective hold the spool of wire from David 's tool kit as he examine the wire perimeter . -- a detective pick up the screwdriver with a pair of latex glove and place it into a evidence bag . -- several dead body , now cover in white sheet , be wheeled on gurney into the back of ambulance . -- detective review the black and white footage from the security camera locate inside the ATM . in it , they see : David and Corey kick the window and the plaster wall , look as though they be attempt to break into the ATM ... 101 . David slamm Corey against the wall and the wrestle match that follow ... David attack and ultimately strangling harold with the wire attach to the signing shelf pen ... David shove Emily , landing she hard against the floor ... David lay next to Corey , cover in blood . he move away and reveal that Corey have a screwdriver stick from he stomach . from the camera 's vantage point it appear as though David stab he ... and David smash the ATM with the base of the metal waste basket until the security camera finally go to static . but nowhere do they ever see the man . not in a single , solitary frame of the security camera video . because he never come within ten foot of the vestibule , he remain outside the camera 's line of sight . it 's as if he be never there . furthermore , the water flooding the vestibule , Emily 's fall , and the subsequent action , all come after David smashed in the camera , leave no explanation for how it happen . one of the detective press a button on the video playback . it instantly bring the security camera footage back to a earlier position -- show a close - up of David 's face as he take money out of he account use the ATM . the close - up image of David 's face remain pause on the video playback screen like a mugshot . end montage the detective look at each other . one of they hold David 's swallow ATM card . his name right on it : '' david hargrove . '' dissolve to : ext . parking lot - later a early morning sun peek over the horizon . Police tape cordon off the crime scene . the area be fill with Police and Fire official . emergency light flash . Walkie-talky crackle . David remain seat in the back of the police car . the sergeant tap on the back of the squad car . signal the patrolman inside . 102 . with that , the patrolman start the car . turn on red and blue . let the siren blare . officer pull back two wooden police barricade , allow the police car 's egress . the police car cruise through the parting throng of onlooker and news reporter who have since gather . int . police car —- continuous physically exhaust and emotionally bankrupt , David 's head fall to he chest . he languidly look out the car window . mix amongst the crowd be several people wear thick dark parkas , similar to the one the man wear . David 's eye scan to see if the man be among they . ext . parking lot - continuous from within the crowd we watch the police car as it pass by . David turn and look out the rear window as the police car head further and further down the street . until it 's go . fade to : int . lockerroom - morning p.o.v . - a man 's outstretch arm hang a thick parka ( the same one the man wear ) up inside a locker . his other arm reach in and grab a apron . he place the apron over he head and close the locker door , revealing the reflection of - - the man ( stocky , cropped haircut , average look ) . end p.o.v . the man run he hand over he 5 o'clock shadow before walk off . CUT to : int . coffee shop - moment later the man stand behind the counter . we push in , revealing the stencil on he apron . it read - Seattle 's finest coffee . the push - in continue up to the man 's face . he wait patiently for customer to arrive . 103 . just another day . fade out . the end