atomic blonde written by kurt johnstad base on the oni Press graphic novel series " the coldest City " write by Antony johnston and illustrate by Sam hart fade up from blackness : super : '' berlin , november 9 , 1989 '' int . attache 's office - night the room be light by a single bare bulb and a small television . a man with '' Eric clapton '' hair and moustache circa 1976 sit alone , drink two finger of single - malt scotch . this be david perceval . insert - news footage MTV 's kurt loder report from the Berlin Wall . we see from the MTV news footage that massive crowd be assemble . two east german soldier stand on the Wall , hold a MTV umbrella , a iconic symbol of the time . back to scene we move on a reflection of perceval on the television . perceval lean in , shut off the television and stand with a clear objective . time to go . ext . west berlin - night the air be electric as West Germans carry hammer , chisel and pickax with purpose towards the Berlin wall . we see perceval turn the corner into a dark alleyway near a park saab 900 turbo . perceval see a figure in the shadow and slow . perceval well , I suppose that 's it . we will be obsolete by morning . i’1l be back in London , and you ... back to the party . we hear the faint sound of hammer striking against concrete . perceval ( cont 'd ) the simplicity of we struggle crumble as that wall come down . the line on the map draw by man who never face the risk themselves will be harder to see . in the distance , the crowd 's cheer be hear . perceval ( cont 'd ) a different world be approach . more volatile . more corrupt . there will be no ideology to protect we . just the brutal and cold conscience of commerce . perceval 's eye follow a group of West Germans with hand tool move towards the Wall . perceval ( cont 'd ) extortion ... whoever have the list in this new world have all power . without it ? just a target . perceval turn back to the wordless figure in the shadow . perceval ( cont 'd ) we play we hand . Hell , I be just glad to see you face at this moment , as the rampart of tyranny fall into the history book . perceval smile softly to himself as he look towards the crowd . perceval ( cont 'd ) listen to they . in the faint light , we see the flash of gunmetal . we hear a gunshot bark out ! hardcut to : int . london - HOTEL room - bathroom / room - day super : '' london , november 11 , 1989 - two day later '' a bathtub fill with ice cube and freezing water . a woman appear from beneath the surface . this be lorraine broughton . broughton 's body be athletic and strong but also patchwork of bruise and cut from the last ten day . she pull a towel across she body , step from the cold water and pour two finger of stoli into glass . broughton look down at the word '' Hotel moskva '' on the label and then to the mirror . she click on the dial of shitty radio . we hear David bowie 's '' cat people put out Fire . '' broughton open a vanity drawer . next to the cosmetics be a frame photo of she and a handsome man in front of the Blue mosque in Istanbul . broughton stare down at the photo for moment , hold by a memory and then reach for a compact . broughton cover she contusion with makeup and dress in a navy crepe wool skirt suit from chanel , heel and jackie-o sunglass . simple and sexy . as she open a Kelly bag we see a brown hi-power at rest next to a pack of woodbine cigarettes . broughton do not need to chamber check the weapon . it 's always load , cocked , lock and await she command . she pull a cigarette from the pack , step out of the bathroom , glance at the she empty bed and light she woodbine . broughton walk out she apartment door . bowie 's voice build as we follow she out . ext . london - day the morning be crisp . a double -decker bus drive past with '' boycott apartheid '' paint on its side . ext . century house - day just across the westminster Bridge sit a limestone and glass post- modern fortress . this be the british headquarters of mi6 . broughton walk through the busy street and into the century House . int . century house - lobby - day broughton move through the lobby and towards a line of people wait at the metal detector . the security personnel wave she straight through . she belong here ; she 's a bad ass . Security walk she to a single elevator , insert a key , and broughton enter the elevator alone . the door close . elevator there be only one button , and that be a arrow down . broughton push the button and ride the elevator for some time . hallway as the door open , she be meet by another two armed security personnel who nod and wave she past they . broughton walk down a long , top light , kubrickian 60 hallway . we see a remote video camera track she . no one else be down here , and the two security personnel be 100 yard away by now . broughton stop at a unmark door . we see another video camera lens focus on she , and the electronic dead bolt click the door open . int . century house - ISO - fac - day the '' bin '' be a sterile ISO - fac ( isolation facility ) for the debrief of operative return to England . the room be sparse . all the wall be cover in 60 acoustic sound tile save for a two - way mirror on one wall . mr . eric gray , mid-sixty and capable , sit with emmett kurzfeld of the CIA at wooden table . broughton enter and slow as she see kurzfeld . gray how be you flight ? broughton uncomfortable . broughton take a seat across from the two man . broughton ( cont ’d ) Sir , what be he do here ? gray we think it would be helpful to get kurzfeld 's perspective . Gray lean back and sit next to kurzfeld . other side of the two - way mirror we see a older man , '' C , '' watch . his face be reflect in the glass of the two - way mirror . gray ( v.o. ) give the scale of recent world event , C will not be join we . broughton look straight into the two - way mirror and nod with the confidence that C be there . broughton ( v.o. ) yes , of course . back to ISO - fac broughton look at Gray and kurzfeld . gray let 's begin , for the record . Gray reach across to a nagra III reel - to- reel recording unit that rest on the desk . Gray click the recording dial . gray ( cont 'd ) under formal direction of the Joint Intelligence Committee : the follow will serve as first contact and operational archive for her majesty 's military Intelligence section 6 . record on the 11th of November 1989 . the voice of record be as follow , senior Directorate Officer Eric Gray , senior case Officer emmett kurzfeld of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency , and return british operational Officer lorraine broughton . Gray lean forward and begin the interview . gray ( cont ’d ) tell we about Berlin . be you there when perceval be shot ? broughton calmly reply to Gray . broughton no . broughton look to the two - way mirror and then to kurzfeld . Gray scribbles down a note in a folder stamp '' top secret '' in front of he and look up at broughton . gray let 's start from the beginning , shall we ? a graffiti title card scrawl out : '' the coldest CITY '' ext . london - day super : '' london , november 2 , 1989 - nine day ago '' hard rain . broughton walk up the wide stair of century House . a handmade Fox umbrella shelter she from the weather . int . century house - gray 's office - continuous the office be classic british Empire . frame conquest map hang on the wall . a Regent desk in dark wood and oxblood leather chair . Gray and another man , the Chief of the secret Intelligence service know only as " '' C , '' sit across from one another . gray broughton speak four language , and she Russian be excellent . cc what about she field craft and perishable skill ? gray she 's a expert in escape and evasion , NATO and Warsaw pact weapon system , and hand - to-hand combat . cc know the red as I do , she will need to use every damn one of they . there be a knock on the office door . neither Gray or C stand as broughton enter the room . gray sorry to pull you in on short notice , lorraine . you know C , of course . broughton look to the emotionless man who remain seat in a straight - back chair . broughton yes , of course . C motion towards a chair , and broughton sit at the table and open a pack of woodbine cigarettes . broughton ( cont ’d ) mind if I smoke , sir ? Gray pull a cadet lighter from he pocket , lean across he desk and light broughton 's woodbine . broughton take a drag off of she cigarette and exhales . gray I all get straight to the point . how well do you know , James gascione ? broughton enough to say hello ... we do work together several year back in Istanbul . Gray and C share a quick look , try to decipher if she be lie to they . gray ( pre - lap ) as of yesterday morning gascione be report as incommunicado . hard CUT to : ext . west berlin - dawn super : '' west berlin , november 1 , 1989 '' 5 am . snow be fall . most berliner in the french , british and american sector of this divide city be asleep . a dependable - look middle - age man run down the empty street . ( the same man from the photo in broughton 's vanity ) this be jame gascione . broughton ( v.o. ) who be gascione handle ? gascione 's shoe pound the pavement . his lung burn . each quick exhale leave a ghostly trail behind he . remember the gradation of fear in gascione 's eye as he glance over he shoulder . gray ( v.o. ) gascione be run a agent codename spyglass , a stasi officer . two rough men chase after he through the snow . they be all business . they be kgb . gascione cut through a backyard , hurdle several fence , vault over a brick wall and land . he check over he shoulder again . nothing . maybe he lose they . gray ( v.o. ) spyglass have just deliver a list to gascione . gascione sprint towards the river and glance again just as ... ... the roar of a engine get he attention . gascione hold he hand out on instinct , headlight blind he until he feel the front of a sedan slam into he leg just above the knee . gascione 's body be lift and then violently pin against a park car . pain surge through he body as he look down at he mangle leg . the sedan reverse a few foot , and gascione crumple facedown onto the snowy pavement . the two rough man slowly jog up to the scene as a average - look man , yuri bakhtin emerge from the car and move towards gascione . bakhtin look at I . gascione 's eye tilt upward at bakhtin . gascione you ... cossack ... bastard ! bakhtin press the barrel of a makarov pistol onto gascione 's forehead . the makarov bark out , and gasicone be consume by the white halo of a muzzle flash . silence . bakhtin grab gascione 's wrist and remove a classic '' '' Carl F bucherer '' wrist watch . bakhtin nod towards the two rough man , who lift gasicone 's lifeless body from the blood - soak snow and dump it into the river spree . C ( pre - lap ) gascione be dead . int . century house - gray 's office - continuous broughton lower she cigarette without a word . gray the jerries fished he out of the spree River this morning . a West german coroner extract a 9x18 mm from the base of he skull . broughton Soviets . Gray set down a black - and - white photo of a average - look man in a Soviet military uniform . gray we source point to yuri bakhtin , a lead kgb officer who be tickete out of Berlin on aeroflot to Moscow . broughton you want I in Moscow ? cc bakhtin never arrive in Moscow . Gray pick up the photo and scan the document within a ts ( top secret ) folder stamp '' UK eye only . '' gray so either we man on the ground be wrong , or bakhtin pull a switch and be now lose to we . broughton take another drag from she cigarette . broughton gascione be en route to where ? gray we head of Berlin operation when he be assassinate . broughton how sensitive be the list ? gray spyglass claim it be a complete inventory of the identity and location of every active clandestine officer . broughton lower she cigarette as a thin ribbon of smoke curl up towards the low ceiling . broughton be that even possible ? cc the real question must be : be it wise to hope it 's not possible instead of prove it be ? there be a moment of silence in the room . a challenge have just be laid down . 10 . gray everyone be hunt for it : the yank , the frog , we , and the Soviets for sure . cc tell she the rest of the good news . gray spyglass disclose the list would expose a double agent by the name of '' satchel '' within the ally intelligence network . cc you find satchel in this embarrassing mess and we will hang he for treason . broughton exhales smoke from she lung and harden to the truth of this knowledge . cc ( cont 'd ) the list be the whole damn chessboard . whoever control it control the cold War . gray Berlin be already on a short fuse . hungary have dismantle hundred of kilometer of the Iron curtain since May . last month , East Germans storm the frg 's embassy in Prague and Warsaw . they be give immunity and send to West Germany . cc Gorbachev 's glasnost nonsense have he people hopeful , and there be nothing worse than a hopeful enemy . gray the Wall will not last much longer . David think it might even fall before Christmas . broughton David , sir ? gray David perceval be we number one in Berlin . we be send you to link up with he . 11 . broughton I have never be to Berlin , and if bakhtin have the list , he 's on the run . Gray sit behind the Regent desk . gray we do not think he do . there 's no question he would have take it straight to Moscow . cc the list be still in Berlin . gray perceval be search for it , but we want another pair of hand at the tiller as it be . C lean ever so slightly forward in he chair to commit importance to he word . C ( pre - lap ) most of the ally officer have be in Berlin for year . hardcut : int . / ext . east berlin underground club - night super : '' east berlin , november 2 , 1989 '' perceval slam a empty shot glass of whiskey down on the bar . we hear Public enemy 's Chuck D come through the speaker with '' fight the power . '' drunk East german youth fill the place . it 's a strange mix of punk , hip hop , and anti-east german establishment . perceval take some d-mark from a kid for a bottle of Jack Daniels and a old penthouse magazine . another East german hand he money , and perceval hand over a pair of levi's . perceval have a nice little side business in sell contraband . cc ( v.0 . ) with no embassy to watch over they , they play by they only rule . perceval see a clean - cut East german enter and sit at a quiet table near the bar . 12 . this be spyglass . he be the real reason perceval be in the East . perceval move across the room and join he at the table . perceval hand a small brown bag of contraband ( can food , Jack Daniels and woman 's jeans ) to spyglass . perceval the jordache jeans be not easy . spyglass they be for my wife 's birthday . perceval let I cut right to the bone . where be the goddamn list ? spyglass be this a joke ? perceval no joke . spyglass I give it to gascione last night . perceval gascione never show . spyglass look up at perceval with consternation settling in he brown eye . perceval ( cont 'd ) why do you think I jump the Wall , and I make contact with you ? spyglass I do not know . I follow all the order . look , I be careful . I meet gascione in friedrichshain . he take the list from I . spyglass ''s eye be fill with despair . spyglass ( cont 'd ) I do my part . I have risk everything .... you must to get I and my family across ! perceval calm down . perceval study spyglass for a moment . 13. spyglass be you go to kill I ? perceval I have think about it ... however , I can not ignore the fact you be tell I the truth . spyglass take a breath as he control he anxiety . perceval ( cont 'd ) do you make a copy of the list ? spyglass no ... I memorize it . perceval the entire list ? spyglass nod . suddenly , the front door of the club be kick in . we see the green-gray uniform of the east german stasi officer surge into the crowd . perceval ( cont 'd ) goddamn it . perceval scan the room . a east german bartender quickly motion to he . perceval ( cont 'd ) move ! perceval and spyglass avoid the chaos of the room . the bartender pull back a small service door to reveal a hallway . the bartender , perceval , spyglass , and several patron run down the hallway to the door lead outside . perceval open the door to see two stasi officer stand directly in front of he . stasi ( in german ) you ? you papers ! now ! spyglass and the other be in the hallway , unseen to the stasi . perceval reach into he pocket and pull out a wear leather wallet . he step towards the stasi and in the same motion , throw the wallet into one officer 's face as a distraction . perceval punch one stasi in the throat and knee the other in the family jewel . both drop to the alley and writhe in pain . 14 . perceval look back through the door , still open a few inch as spyglass and the other be witness to he burst of violence . perceval I will be in contact . perceval step past the two stasi on the ground and slowly jog away down the alley and into the night . C ( pre - lap ) it seem Berlin have its way with the young generation . it 's infectious , a epidemic really . they be all feral and have go native . int . century house - gray 's office - continuous broughton exhales she woodbine and stare at Gray and C through the smoke . gray you have no family , no colleague , no friend there . cc no history to confuse you loyalty . you do not even know perceval . C stand and slowly walk towards the threshold of the office door . C pause with he back to the room . cc ( cont 'd ) when that bloody Wall come crash down , we do not want to be under it . I want that list , broughton . bring it back home , and you will find yourself at Buckingham for tea . C move out the door , and broughton look back across the desk at Gray . gray I recommend you for this . so , do try and look grateful . Gray hand broughton the ts folder . 15 . gray ( cont ’d ) I know , it 's short notice . h / war suggest you use gladys Lloyd , as she be never compromise . commit everything to memory and then burn it all . Gray point to a large metal '' burn can '' for document in the corner of the room . gray ( cont 'd ) a car will take you to you flat . pack and then go straight to heathrow . remember , lorraine , trust no one . Gray walk toward the office door . broughton flip open the folder to a black - and - white photo of ber - 1 , David perceval . broughton what 's he like , sir ? David perceval . flash CUT to : int . east berlin - tunnel - night perceval carry a flashlight and take a pull off a fifth of jd . he walk briskly and make he way through a covert tunnel network towards West Berlin . gray ( v.o. ) David perceval be a royal pain in the ass . int . century house - gray 's office - continuous Gray stop and turn at he office door . gray however , he be arguably one of the best damn spy to ever serve the Crown . my office be yours . Gray step out of the office , and broughton open the ts folder in front of she . pre - lap on soundtrack : '' one thing lead to another '' by the fixx . 16 . int . / ext . pan am boeing 707 - day broughton be in a window seat . we see a couple empty mini bottle of stoli on the tray in front of she and hardcover copy of trevanian 's '' shibumi '' . broughton look out the window at the bleak November sky . int . west berlin - tempelhof airport - terminal - day broughton walk off the Pan be flight and towards the passport control kiosk . she hand the West german passport officer she UK passport . he look at the passport photo and then to broughton . he flip through the page with scrutiny , give she another look and then stamp she passport and wave she through . we follow broughton into the unclutter airport terminal . a loose crowd wait for the arrive international traveler . from this crowd , a gentleman step forward , all business , and extend he hand . gentleman Ms. Lloyd ? broughton slow to a stop . the gentleman 's british accent be good , perhaps too good . gentleman ( cont ’d ) Mr. perceval be run late . he send I to pick you up . broughton scan the terminal then look back to the gentleman . gentleman ( cont ’d ) checked bag ? broughton no . gentleman please , follow I . ext . west berlin - tempelhof airport - terminal - day broughton eye she surroundings as they cross into a parking lot . we see a attractive woman turn from a phone booth , watch they , then methodically dial a number on the pay phone . 17 . ext . west berlin - tempelhof airport - parking lot - day a forest green BMW 2002 sedan be isolate at the end of the parking lot . the gentleman and broughton climb in . int . / ext . BMW 2002 - continuous the gentleman pull out of the airport parking lot and onto the main route . they drive in silence . broughton look into she side mirror and notice a saab 900 turbo tailing they . gentleman well ... it 's a remarkable time to be in Berlin . broughton that so ? broughton look again to she mirror and see the saab be still there . gentleman the music , nightlife and great restaurant . broughton you have get a suggestion ? gentleman for the beautiful people , go to the Palm for a drink . broughton look back to the mirror . the saab speed up behind they and tap the BMW 2002 in a perfect pit maneuver . broughton quickly buckle she seat belt . the gentleman be too busy control the car to notice broughton reach across and depress the button to he seat belt . the BMW spin off the road , and broughton brace for impact . the BMW slam into a metal guard rail . the windshield shatter , and the gentleman be eject onto the hood . broughton relax and look out at the bloody and moan body of she driver . a figure drag the gentleman off the hood and onto the freeze ground . we see perceval look back through the shattered glass at broughton . perceval welcome to Berlin . 18 . perceval stuff a rag in the gentlemen 's mouth and secure he mouth , ankle and hand with duct tape . broughton unbuckle she seat belt and step out of the BMW . broughton I could have handle he . perceval I have no doubt . question be : what be you wait for ? perceval drag the gentleman across to he idling saab . the boot be already open . broughton who do he work for ? perceval kgb . perceval dump the gentlemen into the boot . the gentleman start to realize what be happen . broughton unload a huge right hand into he face , more as a fuck you to perceval than anything . the gentleman 's body go limp . perceval shoot she a look , impressive . broughton I be on the ground five minute and get blow . perceval you be not blow . perceval slam the boot close . broughton he know my name . perceval trouble . broughton and yours . perceval not surprised . broughton and perceval move and get into the car . 19 . int . / ext . perceval 's saab - continuous the inside of the car be litter with wienerwald wrapper and empty beer can . perceval jam the saab into gear and speed away . broughton how would anyone know I be on that flight ? perceval turn with a peripheral smile . perceval that be the kind of question that keep we up late at night . broughton we should message the home office and let they know what happen . perceval Christ and mother Mary . London send you to sort this mess out ? broughton I just go where I be tell . perceval Story of we life . checkpoint Charlie , by the way . perceval point out the windshield . broughton I be not here to collect postcard . perceval ahhh ... you be all business under that lipstick . broughton ignore the remark . broughton I be tell you would be brief . perceval you cover be civil service ? gladys Lloyd , Cambridge -educate lawyer send by James gascione 's family to return the body and effect of they now - decease son , a british subject . 20 . perceval look for a reaction but get nothing from broughton . perceval ( cont 'd ) just how in the hell the suit think that 's go to help find we damn list be beyond I . pick up gascione 's body will not take much time . broughton I nil just have to be creative . perceval point outside the car again . perceval brandenburg Gate . my office be just there ... I suppose hq think there 's no point in replace gascione with the Wall come down . broughton seem improbable after twenty - eight year . perceval everything be probable . and that assertion confirm to I you do not know the first damn thing about this city , so do not pretend you do . the tension build within the car . perceval slam on the brake and slide the car to stop . perceval get out of the car , open the trunk , pull the kgb driver out and drag he onto the sidewalk . we see a sign the read : '' embassy of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republic . '' perceval lean the kgb driver against the Soviet embassy 's wringht - iron gate . within the compound several soviet guard start to move towards the gate . broughton what be you do ? perceval send my old friend bremovych a message . perceval stomp he foot across the driver 's face for good measure . hardcut to : 21 . int . east berlin 's hohenschonhausen prison - night we see a man build like a Soviet T - 10 battle tank . he wear a gray Soviet translation of a brook Brothers suit and be all business as he move into the room . this be aleksander bremovych , kgb . a dozen stasi officer have six east german punk ROCKERS and b- boyz from the underground night club line up in they underwear against the wall . there be a wooden table in the center of the room and nothing more . bremovych set a carton of Russian '' belomorkanal '' cigarettes on the table . bremovych ( in german ) you be not free to go . you may never be free to go . unless you tell I what I want to hear ? bremovych light a filter - less belomorkanal from a pack of twenty five . four stasi officer drag a young man over and slam he face down onto the table . bremoyvch hold a small b/w photo of bakhtin . bremovych ( cont ’d ) ( in german ) have you see this man ? east german ( in german ) no . bremoyvch nod and lay down another photo of spyglass . bremovych ( in german ) last night at the club , do you see this man ? east german ( in german ) no . bremoyvch take a long drag on the filter - less cigarette and then jam it into the young East german 's eye . the young man howl in pain and buckle under he captor 's hand . bremovych light another cigarette and hold up the carton for the rest of young man to witness . bremovych ( in german ) if I must , I will use all of they to get the truth from you . 22 . bremovych turn back to the whimper young East german . back to : int . perceval 's saab —- continuous perceval and broughton be drive through the street of West Berlin . we see outside , a massive wall of graffiti-cover concrete that divide East and West . broughton broughton I do not travel as a qm , so I need you to supply I with a firearm . perceval this be Berlin , not tombstone . broughton gascione be assassinate , and I be just set up by the kgb . perceval if the kgb want you dead , you 'il need more than good look and a pistol . look out the side window . broughton turn leave here and take I to my hotel . perceval they say you have never be to Berlin . how in the hell do you know where you hotel be ? broughton I can read a map , you chauvinistic sonofabitch . perceval slam on the brake and pull the car to a stop . perceval you may not be declare here by her majesty , but I be still the head of this goddamn station , and you will respect I . broughton broughton she small int . west a Patrick 23 . broughton respect be a two - way street , Mr. perceval . clearly , you do not want I here . however , C himself give I this job . perceval c be a arrogant lapdog and do not know fuck all about the world past the edge of he desk ! open the door and step out . broughton good night , Mr. perceval . cross the hardscrabble street and walk towards hotel , never look back . berlin - HOTEL room - night nagel print hang on the wall . the room be equal part euro-chic and Miami vice . we hear the running water from the bathroom . broughton sit on the edge of the bed watch MTV news on a color Zenith . kurt loder ( v.o. ) the civil disobedience in East Berlin continue to build momentum . the disenfranchise youth leader shout out they protest through the tear gas and water cannon . one eyewitness tell of police beat the peaceful demonstrator with baton . broughton turn off the sound on the Zenith . she move the hardcover of '' shibumi '' onto the nightstand , pick up the rotary telephone , dial , and speak . broughton gute abend . ich bin fraulen Lloyd , auf der britische botschaft Khan , uh ... kann ich mit der coroner sprechen ? morgue employee ( v.o. ) you be English ? why do you require the coroner ? 24 . broughton I have be send to arrange the return of a british subject , recently dead ... I be tell you have the body . morgue employee ( v.o. ) nobody work tomorrow . it 's Sunday . call Monday , in the morning . auf Wiedersehen . broughton hear a click and set the phone on its cradle . broughton walk into the bathroom and turn off the cold water fill the chip porcelain tub . she turn to a half - dozen little ice bucket fill to the top and then dump they into the bathtub . this be she daily ritual , the ice bath . broughton switch off the bathroom light . the zenith be still playing in the other room . she undress in the faint light and step into the freezing water without pause . broughton sink up to she nose with only she pale green eye on the icy surface ... then disappear below . ext . west berlin - apartment build - next morning super : '' november 3 , 1989 '' broughton stand on the step of a colorless apartment building and ring a call box buzzer . across the street , fifty foot away , be the graffiti-cover Berlin Wall snake through the neighborhood . int . attache 's office - day surveillance gear and monitor sit on a small table . contraband be everywhere : lps , Jack Daniels , carton of lucky strike and marlboro reds . we hear the buzzer , and perceval , still in he clothes from last night , stir and answer the call box . perceval yeah . broughton ( 0.c . ) Mr. perceval ? it 's Ms. Lloyd . you leave a message at my hotel . 25 . perceval I will be right down . perceval grab he coat and move towards the front door . ext . west berlin - apartment build - day broughton wait and watch a couple of child kick a soccer ball against the Wall . we see the same woman from the airport watch from a park beige mercede 300d . after a few moment , perceval exit he building . perceval let 's take a walk . they start down the street , side by side . perceval ( cont 'd ) about yesterday ... in the car ... the chauvinistic remark . I should not have -- broughton , without slow she stride , interrupt . broughton apology accept . perceval look at broughton and then clear the air between they with a simple nod . perceval it 's as cold as a witch 's tit on the dark side of the moon today . broughton I like the cold . perceval no wonder they keep send you to Moscow . broughton look at perceval . perceval ( cont 'd ) do not act surprised . we both read each other 's file . perceval stop at a street vendor sell currywurst from a roll cart . perceval turn to broughton . perceval ( cont 'd ) buy you breakfast ? 26 . broughton do not need to say no for perceval to understand . he busy two , and they walk through a broadstone archway . we see a sign that read '' tiergarten park . '' they continue on the crush gravel path until stop next to a freeze duck pond . perceval throw small piece of he currywurst bun out onto the ice . broughton you should not feed they bread . it 's bad for they digestion . a thin man wear horn -rimm glass and a heavy winter topcoat approach . it 's emmett kurzfeld . kurzfeld she be right . perceval you damned Americans will back up anything in a skirt . kurzfeld you must be Ms. Lloyd . I be kurzfeld . broughton extend she hand . broughton please to meet you . kurzfeld 's hand stay in the warmth of he pocket . perceval kurzfeld here go to Princeton . broughton slowly retract she hand . perceval ( cont 'd ) kurzfeld think he know everything ... so you two should get along just fine . kurzfeld I have be in Berlin almost as long as David ... nobody want the list to fall into Soviet hand . broughton look to perceval . 27 . broughton what else have you share with he ? perceval just woman and scotch . kurzfeld we watch out for one another . broughton look back to kurzfeld . broughton I think bakhtin be go to dump the list on the black market . kurzfeld what make you so sure ? broughton if one of the ally have it , we would already know . if Moscow have it , there 's nothing we can do . so either bakhtin put it up for sale , or we will never see it again . kurzfeld she 's smart . perceval you only say that because you have that same idea . kurzfeld turn to perceval . kurzfeld what 's the plan with spyglass ? perceval I have not decide yet . kurzfeld I should be go . let I know if the company can help in any way . kurzfeld nod towards broughton . kurzfeld ( cont 'd ) good day , Ms. Lloyd . kurzfeld walk on alone through the park cover in rag of snow and freeze grass . broughton be there even a plan ? 28 . perceval not yet , and if there be , I would be damned if I would share it with the yank . hardcut back to : int . century house - ISO - fac - day the nagra III keep recording . the ashtray on the table be fill with several crush Woodbine . Gray and kurzfeld look across at broughton . gray so , how would you describe the situation on the ground that first couple of day ? broughton hostile . gray with perceval ? broughton with everyone . gray who be in the country ? broughton pull another woodbine out of she pack . broughton you be not . ext . west berlin - glienicke bridge - day the sky be colorless . a lone figure walk through the cold and across the '' Bridge of spy . '' as the figure get closer we see it be bremovych . his kgb driver be wait for he on the West german side . bremovych ( in Russian ) do she get the message ? gentleman ( in Russian ) I believe so . 29 . bremovych pause for a moment and look at the swollen face and black eye of the driver . bremovych ( in Russian ) do the woman do that to you ? gentleman ( in Russian ) no . the gentleman open the side door of a black sedan . bremovych ( in Russian ) you have look much worse if she touch you . bremovych climb in . int . attache 's office - day perceval and broughton enter the room . perceval can I take you coat ? broughton hand over she coat . she move down a short hallway as perceval hang she coat on a hook by the front door . less chaos than the rest of perceval 's apartment . a plain desk and two wear - leather club chair . a bookshelf run the length of the room . a small television plays MTV Europe in the background . broughton so this be what you get after year of service . perceval in a complicated world , I prefer thing to be simple . broughton scan the shelf fill with volume in six foreign language , save for the '' great book '' that be all in English . broughton you like to read . perceval depend on the book ... if I say epictetus , I would be lie ... ( more ) 30 . perceval ( cont 'd ) volume 23 ... chapter 15 ... '' he who neglect what be do for what ought to be do , sooner effect he ruin than he preservation . '' broughton 's eye settle onto volume 23 . broughton machiavelli . perceval the prince of prince . broughton turn back to perceval . broughton '' it 's a double pleasure to deceive the deceiver . '' a hint of a smile from perceval . perceval ahhh . niccolé sound sweeter somehow , come from you . perceval be at he desk and reach for a eighteen - year- old bottle of single malt from the Isle of skye . perceval ( cont 'd ) drink ? broughton no . we hear the german version of '' Major Tom '' by véllig losgelést playing on the television . broughton pick up a '' penthouse '' magazine from a stack on table . broughton ( cont ’d ) you library include Larry flint . perceval the champion of free speech . broughton set the magazine back down as perceval pour two finger of talisker into a heavy glass . broughton I be sorry about gascione . perceval raise the glass in silent tribute . 31 . perceval James be a gentleman , one hell of a spy and a true friend . I know you be close . James tell I as much . broughton remain steady and without emotion . perceval slowly sip the scotch . broughton I will need he address . perceval I have be there . the West Germans have be there . God only know who else . broughton I have not . perceval you always get you way ? the slight smile appear at the corner of broughton 's mouth , then disappear . broughton we will let that question keep you up tonight . perceval nod and lift he glass of scotch . perceval it 's down the street from fehrbelliner platz . brandenburgisher strasse 10 . it 's a walk - up . fifth floor . broughton gascione 's passport ? perceval the police have he passport . he be carry it . broughton do not you have a copy ? perceval no ... but do not worry you pretty little head . the Circus call I yesterday with the number . broughton can you write it out for I ? 32 . perceval already have . perceval glance at he desk and hand she a piece of paper with gascione 's passport number . perceval ( cont 'd ) anything else ? broughton where would you recommend for dinner and a drink ? perceval be that a invitation ? broughton give he a silent look , and that 's all perceval need to have he question answer . perceval move back to the front door and hand broughton she coat from the hook . perceval ( cont 'd ) well then , you can not go wrong with the ritz off potsdamer . the venison be marvelous . broughton turn for the attaché office door . broughton thank you , Mr. perceval . perceval you be welcome , and feel free to drop in anytime , Ms. Lloyd . int . west berlin - HOTEL room - night broughton pop open the back on the hardcover novel of '' shibumi '' to reveal a lead line compartment . Inside : a narga sn mirco recording unit and thin surveillance microphone . with care broughton tape the wire to she lean body and then conceal the narga sn recorder . broughton check herself in the mirror . perfect . behind she , the bathtub of ice cube drain . broughton step into the room and glance at the Zenith . we see news of the german protest grow in size around both side of the Berlin Wall . broughton grab she dark coat and be out the door . 33 . ext . watch repair shop - night along a quiet street , just around the corner from Zoo Station , be a tiny watch repair shop . broughton enter with purpose . int . watch repair shop - continuous broughton move through orderly store fill with hundred of grandfather clock . a couple of patron mill about the aisle . in the back of the shop , a middle - age man know only as the watchmaker stare through magnify jeweler 's glass at the gut of a '' Newman '' daytona . broughton I would like to purchase a watch . the watchmaker never look up from he delicate work . with a thick german accent : watchmaker I do not sell watch . I only fix they . broughton I be look for a East german watch . watchmaker the East german watch be not worth wear . broughton I be look for a ruhla . watchmaker a ruhla be very different . broughton I will pay a premium . watchmaker I sense you be serious . come back tomorrow before close . broughton thank you . broughton exit the shop without another word , and the watchmaker never look up from the precision of he work . 34 . ext . brandenburger strasse 10 - night a work - class neighborhood . broughton approach the apartment building and deftly breach she way inside . int . gascione 's apartment build - stairwell - night broughton climb up a dimly - light stairwell to the fifth floor landing . she quickly shim the lock and step into apartment 5a without a sound . int . / ext . apartment 5a - continuous broughton move through gascione 's apartment and study the detail of a dead man . the camera follows she as she move to the bedroom , examine . a closet of perfectly - fold clothes and shoe in neat row . the bed 's make with military corner . a porthole into gascione 's precise and orderly life . broughton step into the live room . she walk towards a biedermeier secretaire desk and pick up a frame photo . we see a young James gascione and David perceval in the English countryside , Holland & Holland shotgun cradle over they shoulder and freshly - kill rabbit in both of they strong hand . broughton set the photo down and take in the room . outside the window , broughton notice the building across the street bath in blue flash light . she lean towards the window for a better view . we see german polizei car roll to a stop . a dozen officer advance towards the apartment building . int . apartment 5a / apartment build hallway - moment later broughton move through the hallway as she hear the polizei five floor below . broughton push a sofa out of the live room and down the short hallway . she push the sofa out into the stairwell landing . we hear polizei boot four floor below . 35 . broughton move back to the kitchen and find what she need : a box of steel wool and bottle of high - proof rub alcohol . broughton move back down the hallway . we hear polizei boot three floor below . broughton pile the steel wool on the sofa , soak the sofa and steel wool in rub alcohol and stand back . broughton draw a black ski mask from she jacket pocket and pull it over she head . we hear polizei boot two floor below . broughton light a match against the wall and toss it onto the soak steel wool and sofa . whoooom ! broughton push the burn sofa down the stair at the advance polizei and force they to dive out of the way . the polizei push past flame and climb the stair . still wear the ski mask , broughton duck back in the apartment and wait in the darkness . the first officer charge in with he baton in hand . broughton slam the door and bolt it shut . as the officer turn , broughton strike he with blind speed and then hang arm throw he to the floor . the officer outside in the hallway be pounding on the door . broughton pick the baton and then crack it down on the officer . he be out cold . we hear the chambering of a breach round into a shotgun , and broughton roll out of the way as the lock on the front door explode inwards . broughton bolt through the live room as a second officer grab she from behind . broughton snap she head back , crush he nose , and then hip throw she attacker through the glass door of the balcony . ext . gascione 's apartment build - night broughton step over the break glass and the officer . she quickly climb out onto the thin feature of the building . it 's not gymnastic pretty but sixty foot off the street , broughton be strong and without fear . broughton , now on the rooftop , quickly scan the building around she as she sprint across the flat roof . 36 . Three polizei officer pull themselves onto the rooftop , and the chase be on . broughton jump down a staggered rooftop , land and sprint with the polizei close in . ext . various rooftop — continuous without slowly down , broughton jump across onto the next rooftop and land safely . the polizei follow she with less elegance . broughton leap across a open gap between the last two apartment building , land on a ledge and then jump into the void below . the three polizei run to the edge of the rooftop , only to see the human wear a ski mask and dark winter jacket land on the thick nylon roof of a farmer 's market tent . broughton slide down the tent roof , land on she foot , and never look back . the three polizei can do nothing but watch as the figure disappear into the evening crowd . pre - lap on the soundtrack : '' Der kommissar '' by after the Fire . ext . berlin STREET - night broughton step from a taxi and walk towards the door of the Palm Restaurant . int . palm restaurant - night soundtrack shift to a piano player behind a bosendorfer sing a slow and sexy club version of '' Der kommissar . '' broughton walk up to a empty space at the Art Deco bar . broughton stoli on ice . the bartender nod . broughton put a cigarette to she lip and turn slowly to the room . a patron hold out a riga metal lighter with its flame burn . without a word , broughton lean into the fire , light she smoke , and only when she pull away do ... we see the Soviet kgb agent , bremovych . bremovych haben sie , fraulein ? 37 . broughton I do not speak german . bremovych you be british ? broughton nod she head slowly through the smoke , study he voice . broughton and you sound Polish , with a slight affect of slovak . be you from the carpathian mountain ? bremovych impressive , miss ... ? broughton Lloyd . bremovych this can not be you only talent . broughton talent can be overrate . bremovych now dedication , loyalty that be rare . broughton I agree . broughton go back to she stoli . bremovych how do you like Berlin , Ms. Lloyd ? broughton excite , so far . mr? bremovych bremovych . be you on holiday ? broughton on business . bremovych be not we all . a woman step to the bar behind broughton . this be delphine lasalle . she 's a mixture of punk rock and Peter beard muse . this the same woman who be watch broughton at the airport and on the street . 38 . lasalle I leave you alone for only a moment and already you be attract admirer . lasalle turn to bremovych . lasalle ( cont 'd ) monsieur , three be not always a crowd , but tonight it be . bremovych ahhh ... french woman . bremovych look at broughton . bremovych ( cont ’d ) what about the british ? maybe we can make some sort of arrangement ? broughton I do not think so . bremovych my apology . good evening . broughton share a look with bremovych , and then he exit past the restaurant table towards the coat check . broughton whoever you be , you have quite the high level of confidence . lasalle no more than that communist pig . lasalle watch bremovych leave and then turn back to broughton with a smile that could end the cold War . lasalle ( cont 'd ) my name be delphine lasalle , and I be at you service . broughton what make you think I need you service , mademoiselle ? lasalle gesture to the bartender for a drink . lasalle a woman drink alone be always in need of something . allow I to be presumptuous ; be you here for work or pleasure ? 39 . broughton I be a lawyer for the british government . and you ? lasalle I be raise in Paris in the 18th arrondissement . my parent be teacher , and I make my way to West Berlin after study at the sorbonne . broughton a respectable story . and what bring you here ? lasalle the danger of course . the bartender set down a tumbler in front of lasalle . lasalle ( cont 'd ) and a break heart . broughton I be sure he regret lose you . lasalle smile . lasalle I be sure she do . lasalle take a drink and let she sexuality hang in the air for a moment . lasalle ( cont 'd ) you must join I for a drink . broughton what be we do now ? lasalle this place be pretentious . my friend own a club , and I know the city well . you have be surprised what secret one overhear late at night out on the town . broughton secret ? lasalle what every woman love . 40 . broughton the french will never change . lasalle it 's we charm ... I will give you the address . tomorrow night , around eleven . lasalle write out the address on a cocktail napkin . we see several paparazzi start a frenzy of strobe by the front door . broughton what be that about ? lasalle David hasselhoff be in town . lasalle slide the address in front of broughton . lasalle ( cont 'd ) until then . lasalle move towards the crowd of photographer and out onto the street . we see perceval watch from a corner table , a safe distance from be notice by broughton . ext . west berlin - CITY morgue - day super : '' november 4 , 1989 '' broughton walk up the wide , brick step of a government building . we see lasalle across the street , watch broughton enter the West Berlin City morgue . int . west berlin - CITY morgue - moment later the coroner walk broughton through the spotless corridor . coroner the body be identify by you attaché . broughton I believe so . coroner this be not a question ... it be a statement . 41. broughton I be sorry . this be the first time I have be send to do this . I be tell you would have he passport . coroner it will be release with the body . after you , Ms. Lloyd . the coroner hold the door open for broughton . int . CITY morgue - examination room — continuous a bright , sterile world . along the wall , stainless steel rack of cold storage hold dead body . the coroner heave a cold rack open and pull back a thin cotton sheet from the body . broughton stare down at James gascione in the stillness of death . there be a moment of contemplation for a fall friend or maybe more . coroner he be you colleague ? broughton a different department . coroner which department ? broughton look at the coroner , nice try . broughton a different one . coroner you have the transfer papers ? broughton hand the transfer papers to he . broughton I fill they out while I be wait downstairs . the coroner study the paperwork carefully . coroner wait one moment , please . broughton be something the matter ? coroner the passport number be incorrect . 42 . broughton there must be some mistake . the fco give my attaché the number . coroner it 's you responsibility to give I the correct papers . broughton it 's obviously the right man . the corner pull the sheet over the body and push the cold rack back into the wall . coroner I will not release this body . broughton it 's a simple clerical error . coroner Ms. Lloyd , in Germany we do not make clerical error . I would advise you to talk to you embassy in bonn . I must inform my superior . the coroner move back to the door and hold it open for broughton without another word . int . attache 's office - day perceval sit behind he bare desk with he dark eye lock onto broughton . perceval what ?! broughton you give I the wrong number . perceval the hell I do . perceval grab the morgue 's transfer papers from broughton . perceval ( cont 'd ) you write '' 16 '' where it should have be '' 76 . '' perceval slam the paper down onto he desk . 43. perceval ( cont 'd ) you realize the coroner will now inform the chief of police of West Berlin . they will probably refuse to release the body for another week while they investigate . not to mention they will now suspect gascione be a officer . perceval push back from he desk and look dead center into broughton 's eye . perceval ( cont 'd ) let 's take a walk . ext . west berlin - wall - day perceval and broughton tread through the crisp afternoon parallel to the colorful graffiti-cover concrete of the Berlin Wall . perceval the passport number . you be be '' creative . '' broughton 's face show nothing . broughton you say yourself it would not take much time to pick up the body . perceval I should send you back to England . broughton I do not think C would appreciate that very much . perceval turn to broughton . perceval look ... if you be go to be here for awhile , we have better play nice with one another . two US army jeep with soldier from the 2nd battalion 6th infantry patrol past . perceval gesture towards the brandenburg Gate . perceval ( cont 'd ) how would you fancy a trip to the East tonight ? I have to go check for word from spyglass . 44 , broughton you meeting he ? perceval I never have . James turn he . spyglass have not surface since the exchange of the list . broughton what about bakhtin ? London say he mostly likely have it . perceval trust you gut . if bakhtin want the Russians to have it he would have give it to they . he know the importance of that list . bakhtin go so deep we will not find he until he come up to make he move . they climb the stair of a wooden observation platform for tourist and West Germans to see over the Wall to the East . perceval ( cont 'd ) look at it ... Berlin be a city under siege , surround by seventy mile of barb wire and concrete , three hundred and ten guard tower , sixty - five anti-vehicle trenches , and forty thousand heavily - armed Soviet - train frontier troops . broughton all that and five thousand of the gdr citizen still have the gut to escape . perceval point and move he hand along the ribbon of concrete . he stop at a tenebrific group of building on the eastern side of the Wall . perceval there 's a letter box around the back of gantzstrasse . terrify or not , if spyglass know anything , he be suppose to leave word at that dead drop . broughton Home office say spyglass have expose a ally double codename satchel . 45 . perceval nonsense . I have hear about satchel for year . broughton you do not think he be real ? perceval look if he exist , which I highly doubt , he have more at stake than anyone . when this wall come down satchel will be ducking bullet from both side . perceval look at broughton and size up the moment . perceval ( cont 'd ) let 's drop the official pretense . everything in this conversation can be off the record . broughton nod . perceval ( cont 'd ) London send you to gather a body and order we both to find a list . why ? broughton because the kgb kill gascione and take the list from he . perceval partly true ... look , we be all on the damn list . you. me. every one of we , patriot and traitor alike . broughton that 's a bold statement . perceval you do this job long enough , you become fairly accurate . broughton let 's not forget what we do for a live . we turn people against they close friend , family member , and the very country they profess to love . we exploit , corrupt , and bribe business and government official for any scrap of advantage ... win at all cost . perceval the two World Wars in this century alone make that rather clear . broughton to win once , you can play by the rule , but to win every time , you have to play dirty ... you think London be worried for other reason ? perceval I know they be . this list be about cover the Queen 's ass not the officer that serve the Crown . broughton welcome to Berlin . perceval smile at he own word be repeat to he . broughton ( cont ’d ) you be not worried spyglass could be set we up ? perceval it 's a possibility . even if the Soviets know , I doubt the kgb would try to turn spyglass back or even pay for a train ticket to siberia . broughton what would they pay for ? perceval calmly reply : perceval a bullet . the two stand in silence and look out over the Wall to the colorless East beyond . the stake be clear to both of they : life or death . broughton I can not cross tonight . I be meeting someone . perceval the little mademoiselle from the bar last night ? broughton glance at perceval . 47 . perceval ( cont 'd ) I tell you to go to the ritz for venison , and you go to the Palm for drink . perceval study broughton for a second . perceval ( cont 'd ) you think you be the only one do they job ? broughton say nothing . perceval ( cont 'd ) just be careful . you can not trust frenchy . perceval walk down the wooden stair and leave broughton stand alone on the observation platform . int . west berlin - HOTEL room - night broughton remove thin wire from she body and set it back into the hardcover book . we see several fully record sn mirco tape on the desk . broughton stand on the bed , slide a ceiling tile back and place the novel , narga sn and record tape in the small space and slide the ceiling tile back . ext . west berlin - zoo station / watch repair shop - night the night sky be without warmth . broughton walk along the rain-soaked kurfiirstendamm . West Germans mill about the shopping district . broughton move into the crowd at Zoo Station and exit out the other side . she cross the quiet street , look over she shoulder once to confirm no one be follow she and then enter the small watch repair shop . int . watch repair shop - continuous broughton proceed to the back towards the workshop . the watchmaker be hunch over another swiss watch , never look up from he work . watchmaker you watch be ready . it 's on the counter in that plain envelope . broughton pick up the plain envelope . 48 . broughton how much do I owe you ? watchmaker if it work to you satisfaction , we can discuss payment . broughton put the plain envelope inside she coat pocket without look inside . broughton very well . broughton look at the watchmaker for a moment and then leave . pre - lap on soundtrack : '' the Politics of Dancing '' by re-flex . int . pike club - night the smoke-heavy room be full of West Berlin 's new wave youth . lasalle stand at the back of the room near the crowded bar as broughton enter and approach she . lasalle I be not certain you would show . broughton how could I resist you invitation ? broughton light a cigarette . lasalle you be finish with you work ? broughton I may be here for a while . lasalle then we have to enjoy ourselves . lasalle hand broughton a glass of stoli on ice . broughton you pay attention . lasalle lift she drink in salute . lasalle I look for pleasure in the detail . broughton I be sure . 49 . lasalle what be it you have like from I ? in one movement , broughton lift and empty she glass of vodka . broughton another drink to start . lasalle order another round . lasalle be you enjoy the club ? broughton not really . it 's pretentious . lasalle smile at broughton , lean closer and whisper in she ear . lasalle May I take you somewhere quiet , where we can talk ? broughton look at lasalle and off that look -- int . pike club - hallway - night broughton push lasalle against the hallway wall , kissing she softly , then harder and with more passion . lasalle ma cherie . ( beat ) this be how you like it ? broughton oh yes . broughton push open the club 's bathroom door just as two young punk exit . int . pike club - bathroom - continuous broughton lock the bathroom door as she winter coat fall to the floor . lasalle you like to play rough ? broughton sometimes . 50 . broughton 's hand wrap around the small of lasalle 's back and pull a conceal handgun from lasalle 's lean waist . broughton ( cont ’d ) when I be the one hold the gun . lasalle wait ! broughton you have be follow I since I arrive at tempelhof -- outside the city morgue and my colleague 's apartment . lasalle you be mistaken . broughton backhand lasalle across the face , send she to the floor . broughton why the gun ? lasalle look up with a thin stream of blood at the corner of she perfect mouth . lasalle Berlin be a dangerous city . broughton especially if you keep lie . lasalle stare up the barrel of she own gun . lasalle I know who you be , miss broughton . you be not so well disguise as mi6 may think . you be here , of course , because of the death of gascione . broughton hold the weapon steady . broughton what do you know about he death ? lasalle only that I be interested ... if someone be kill ally officer , should not we all care ? broughton you be with dsge ? 51 . lasalle nod she head . lasalle why do you think you colleague be sanction ? broughton he be carry a document . lasalle that list be very sensitive . broughton cock the hammer back on the pistol and drop the safety off . broughton I never say list . I say document . lasalle my colleague in Paris be right . they inform I the '' document '' be very valuable . this be why you be talk to the watchmaker . you look for bakhtin ? broughton there be a good chance it will float onto the black market . if bremovych be still look for it , bakhtin have not hand it off and clearly have other plan . lasalle lean over and pick up broughton 's winter coat . lasalle if it 's still in Berlin , it will surface . you must be careful . you be vulnerable . lasalle hand broughton she coat . broughton you be a better liar than my station chief . lasalle to be a spy take a steady hand . broughton Mademoiselle . broughton de-cock lasalle 's pistol and thumb the safety on . 52 . broughton ( cont ’d ) let I show you what take a steady hand . broughton pull lasalle closer , and they fall ... int . lasalle 's apartment - night .»+. onto the sheet of a simple bed . lasalle 's hand push back along the wall ... she finger climb against its rough surface , find the light switch . broughton look straight into lasalle 's eye which read equal part temptation and fear . broughton lean in , kiss she and gently bite she lower lip . lasalle 's hand pull down against the light switch and the bedroom go dark . ext . lasalle 's apartment build / int . perceval 's saab - dawn broughton sit on the edge of the bed and exhales she cigarette smoke out the open window . the cold air feel good . lasalle awake ... we see broughton 's coat sling over the chair . rack focus ... outside the window . a beat - to-hell saab 900 turbo stand out among the street of park car . perceval lower a high - power Nikon f3 and telephoto lens . we see a '' seceret service style '' ear bud in he ear . the headlight of the saab illuminate , and perceval pull out into the morning . hardcut back to : int . century house - ISO - fac - day broughton lean forward and tap she woodbine in the ashtray . a dozen use cigarettes rest there now . Gray thread a fresh reel to reel onto the nagra III and click record . gray so you make contact with the french operative . broughton yes ... you could say that . gray could she be satchel ? 53 . broughton no . Gray look at kurzfeld and then scribbles a note into the ts folder . gray what be you assessment ? broughton I believe she have information that I could either use or exploit . int . west berlin - HOTEL room - morning a etiolate morning light come through the window . broughton have the open plain envelope on the small desk in front of she . broughton take apart the back of the ruhla wristwatch with a small screwdriver . she release the pressure from the main spring and disassemble the watch movement use the pry point . broughton lift the wheel plate and turn it over with a small tweezer . we see engrave on the inside be a column of number . broughton remove the escape and sweep wheel . she set they on the desk with the rest of the internal part . broughton lay out a map of West and East Berlin . she look at the column of engrave number . first number in the sequence be 06 . broughton find the number 06 on the map , and it tally with checkpoint Charlie . broughton look to the next number : 7e . broughton take the tiny sweep wheel from the watch and roll it on its edge 7 time in the direction of East , match the 7e directive , and land on the next engrave number 01 . broughton repeat this action from position 01 . 3n be the next number , and broughton roll the sweep wheel 3 time in the direction of North . she land on number 12 on the grid coord of she map . broughton look to the engrave number again . 2e be the last number . broughton roll across the map 2 time in the direction of East . she stop , lift the sweep wheel and mark the rendezvous point on the map . 54 . broughton commit every detail of the map to she memory and begin to reassemble the watch . ext . checkpoint charlie - day super : '' november 5 , 1989 '' broughton wait to cross into East Berlin . a formidable - look east german guard stare down at broughton 's passport , then back into she face . east german guard you should have apply for a visitor 's permit . what kind of work do you do ? broughton legal affair , I be a lawyer . the East german Guard look down again at she passport . east german guard wait here . the East german Guard take she papers and speak with he superior as broughton wait . the East german Guard make a phone call , then return with broughton 's passport and hand it back to she . east german guard ( cont ’d ) if you do not return before six o'clock , you will be arrest . do you understand ? broughton yes . of course . ext . east berlin - day broughton move past a assembly of protest east german youth near the blank concrete Wall . broughton walk the local street . as she move , she glance at she reflection in a store window . we see two young stasi officer shadow she . broughton step up she pace . the two stasi officer continue to follow she . broughton move through a crowded S - bahn station and out the other side . the stasi still follow ... farther back now . 55 . broughton move towards a large set of shop at the base of the East Berlin tv tower . we see a government sedan pull to the curb . the stasi officer turn to the government sedan . bremovych and he driver be in the front seat . in the rear seat sit two kgb officer , the same two rough man from gascione 's assassination . bremovych bring she to I . the kgb officer step from the back of the car and join the two stasi officer . broughton now have double the trouble walk towards she . ext . kino INTERNATIONAL cinema - continuous broughton move towards a local cinema name the kino International . int . kino INTERNATIONAL cinema - lobby - continuous broughton move through the door and into the mid-century modern lobby . theater broughton quickly move into the dark and pack theater . the stasi and kgb officer chase after she . we see Richard attenborough 's '' cry freedom '' and a young denzel Washington on the screen . broughton egress through the row of people , run down the aisle , then behind the aged-silk movie screen . broughton reach up onto the movie theater wall and pull down hard on the FIRE alarm ! the audience jump from they seat and flood the exit as the stasi and kgb pursue broughton . broughton melt into the crowd and disappear out the back door in the mass exodus of patron . 56 . ext . kino INTERNATIONAL cinema - moment later bremovych and he driver pull to the curb at the rear of the movie theater . the stasi and kgb search the crowd outside for broughton . nothing . bremovych keep look for she . the two kgb officer move away from bremovych 's sedan and back towards the crowd . ext . east berlin - day broughton move through the bomb - out neighborhood leave over from the second World War . she enter a abandon building on the southwest corner of arnimplatz . int . abandoned build - rooftop —- continuous broughton move up a set of crumble stair towards the roof . the Berlin Radio Tower loom close . broughton step onto the rooftop . we see the young bartender from the East german Club sit in one of two lawn chair on the roof . his newly - dyed hair and tattoo be visible from under he plain jacket . this be merkel . merkel ( bartender ) you be late . broughton I know . merkel and you be follow . broughton I lose they twenty minute ago near the palast der republik . merkel you be as good as you reputation . broughton I be already know by reputation ? merkel to the right people . 57 . merkel sit in one of the lawn chair and look out across the drab rooftop to the West . broughton be this the best place for a rendez - vous ? merkel point towards the orwellian tower . merkel keep you enemy close . please have a seat . broughton no thanks . merkel the watchmaker tell I there have be great interest in the black market over the last few day . broughton I be look for -- merkel a list ... it be the desire of you and every foreign officer . broughton do you know who have it ? merkel some say bakhtin have it other say he do not . broughton where be he ? merkel no one know . all this talk of satchel have people nervous on both side of the wall . broughton if bakhtin or the list surface you must let I know . merkel the price will be extremely high . broughton we will not be outbid . broughton hand merkel a fist full of deutschmark . 58 . broughton ( cont ’d ) five thousand mark to get you start . broughton move across the rooftop and down the dilapidate staircase . int . west berlin - HOTEL room broughton lace the wire and sn mirco recording device back onto she body with flawless detail . check herself in the mirror , grab she coat , and be out the door . int . watch repair shop - night the watchmaker be busy at work , when a solitary man enter the shop and move towards the back to speak to he . only when the man arrive do we reveal it be bakhtin . bakhtin I be interested in sell a watch ? the watchmaker continue he accurate work . watchmaker tell I what you be sell ? bakhtin it 's extremely valuable and the finest quality . the watchmaker look up at bakhtin . watchmaker you have my complete attention . ext . west berlin - night the neon sign be bright . the kadawe department store be open late , and all be bustling along the kkurfiirstendamm . int . west berlin - rough trade bar - night it 's a leather bar . on the wall , a mural - size painting of a young Ronald Reagan in biker chap 4 la '' daddy and the muscle Academy '' by Tom of Finland . we hear '' you spin I round '' by Dead or alive playing on a jukebox . the room be fill with man enjoy man and woman woman . save for perceval and broughton , who sit in vinyl booth against a wall . perceval Berlin be like a beautiful woman go bad . broughton that why you like it here so much ? perceval nowhere else in the world have such a concentration of musician , artist , filthy squatter , junky , and hedonist . I do not like it here . I love Berlin . 59 . enjoy a red broughton look across at two man wear full dress white , clearly more Village people than US military . perceval ( cont 'd ) spyglass leave we a message . we guarantee safe passage , and he will cross over . broughton why take the risk when we can just wait until the Wall come down ? perceval raise he beer , about to drink . perceval the entire Soviet bloc be on edge . have not you see the bloody protest on the news ? broughton I see one this morning on unter de linden . perceval stare at she , he beer still as stone in front of he . he slowly lower the glass . perceval you go to the East ? what in the hell be you think ? broughton that it be best you do not know . perceval why not ? 60 . broughton deniability . perceval lean forward for impact . perceval this be not a goddamn game . NATO have over ten thousand warhead , and the Russians have half that number . perceval stare at broughton . perceval ( cont 'd ) so while you skip around the East , try and grasp the blowback if something be to happen to you . broughton nothing happen , and I need to secure the trust of my contact . perceval you can not trust the frenchie ? broughton this contact be a man . perceval well now , you be play all the angle . broughton we need ground truth to find that list . I will not need to go over again . perceval on the contrary . spyglass be in hide and desperate to get out . gascione 's death have everybody jumpy . right now , the people in the stasi do not know if they be go to be stare at a fire squad or freedom . broughton this be my first time in Berlin . perceval I be not sure if I believe you . broughton lean back into the booth slightly . 61 . broughton believe what you want . perceval spyglass be a asset that we can not lose . right now , he be scared , and scared people make mistake . broughton we need he out before the kgb or the stasi discover he treason . perceval quickly scan around they table and firmly grab broughton 's arm to get she attention . perceval keep you voice down . I be still you number one , and you work for I . broughton say nothing , only look at perceval 's hand on she bicep . perceval get the point and release he grip . broughton do not ever touch I again . now you listen . I be here on C 's direct order . my work do concern you , but you be mistaken to think it 's under you purview . broughton stand and shoulder she winter coat . broughton ( cont ’d ) I do not have to take order from you . so with all due respect , you can go fuck yourself . broughton walk out the door without another word . ext . west berlin - night cold rain . perceval step outside as broughton walk down the sidewalk . broughton ( to herself ) come on ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... perceval jog after she . perceval wait. 62 . perceval catch up to broughton at a taxi stand . perceval ( cont 'd ) I can not operate alone on this one . broughton so get the american . kurzfeld seem happy to share you bed . perceval out of the question . the Americans would have spyglass on a aircraft back to langley without he foot ever touch the ground . I need you help . perceval extend he hand . perceval ( cont 'd ) truce ? broughton take a moment , and then she hand meet he . broughton do not make I regret it . broughton release he hand , open the taxi door and gesture for perceval to join she . int . / ext . taxi - moment later broughton look to the german taxi driver and then to perceval . broughton kasier whelm . broughton glance towards the taxi driver , and perceval know without say anything ( for operational security use a geminate - conversation ) . broughton speak Arabic . perceval reply in bahasa . broughton ( cont ’d ) ( in Arabic ) bakhtin be a ghost . perceval ( in bahasa ) seem to be . broughton ( in Arabic ) do spyglass photograph the list ? 63. perceval ( in bahasa ) no . he commit the entire list to memory . broughton ( in Arabic ) then if we have spyglass , we will not need the list . perceval ( in bahasa ) precisely , we break he out . do not worry I can make allowance for you be unseason . broughton ( in Arabic ) I have jump the curtain more time than you have wish maggie thatcher dead . perceval ( in bahasa ) not here ... not in Berlin . broughton ( in Arabic ) what about the tunnel ? when be the last time they be use ? perceval ( in bahasa ) stay out of the tunnel . we need something out of the box . broughton take a moment and then reply with confidence . broughton ( in Arabic ) the East Germans be plan a large demonstration at alexanderplatz . the stasi security service will be spread thin . the taxi slow to a stop . we see they be outside the bombard ruin of the kasier whelm Memorial Church . perceval hand the driver several D - mark and exit . broughton follow he onto the sidewalk . they now return to English . 64 . perceval bring he out in daylight ? broughton we will use the protest as cover . perceval it 's bold . broughton 's determination be clear to perceval . broughton you get we in and I 'il get we out . perceval deal ... where do you want spyglass to meet we ? i’1l drop hima message . broughton there be a abandon building on the southwest corner of arnimplatz . I will need two day with my contact to make the arrangement . perceval nod . perceval one more thing , you Arabic be piss poor . broughton turn , and without miss a beat , call out over she shoulder . broughton and you bahasa be shit . perceval watch she go , then lift he coat collar to the cold and move out alone into the night . ext . west berlin - day super : '' november 7 , 1989 '' broughton wear a jet black wig and a simple brown overcoat . she enter a S - bahn station . ext . s- bahn station - moment later broughton wait on the platform on the u6 line . the train arrive , and she step into the matte-r train car . 65 . int . u6 train car - continuous the car be empty as broughton sit next to perceval . the train roll down the track towards East Berlin . perceval next stop be Friedrichstrasse . on the south side of the station there be a green service door mark '' diensteing '' for the deutshe reichsbahn employee . the train begin to slow for the upcoming station . perceval ( cont 'd ) the Red Army terror cell and the West german communist party use it for year . on January 18 , 1979 , I lead out the East german double Werner stiller . broughton that be you . perceval my first dance , and I have be use the breach point for the last ten year . broughton and perceval stand to exit . perceval ( cont 'd ) just do as I do . the door open , and they step out into the station . int . / ext . s- bahn station # 2 - continuous they walk through the station until they reach a green metal door mark just as perceval say : '' diensteing . '' perceval wait a beat for several worker to pass and then produce a small key and open the door . broughton and perceval slip inside without a waste movement . control room / hallway they move through a empty control room and down several dimly - light hallway until they reach a exterior door . perceval hold. 66 . perceval look out through the dirty industrial glass window at four East german guard stand at attention across the street . perceval look at the sweep hand of he watch . perceval ( cont 'd ) they turn they back at the change of the guard . outside , four more East german guard goose step towards the group stand at attention . perceval lock eye onto broughton . perceval ( cont 'd ) Three second to get out of this door and around the building before we be see . outside , the guard goose step to a stop . as they comrade step off duty , the other step forward . perceval ( cont 'd ) now . perceval open the metal service door , and they exit ina steady walk . broughton and perceval turn the corner just as the East german guard pivot and stand at attention , never see they exit the station . ext . east berlin - neighborhood / abandoned build - day broughton and perceval move through a barren neighborhood and quickly enter the door of the abandon building . from across the street , spyglass watch they movement with apprehension . int . abandoned build - moment later broughton and perceval descend the stair to the basement . as they turn the corner , they find merkel wait . merkel Ms. Lloyd speak highly of you . perceval look to broughton . perceval and you as well . at the top of the stair , spyglass appear , and all three of they turn . broughton motion to merkel. 67 . broughton watch the street to make sure he be not follow . merkel nod and move up the stair past spyglass . perceval step forward towards spyglass . perceval I be confident Ms. Lloyd can get you across . broughton approach spyglass and hold out a small package from perceval 's office . broughton you smell like a stasi officer . broughton gesture to a small adjoin room . broughton ( cont ’d ) there be a bucket of water . shave off you moustache . use this soap and cologne , it be from the West . spyglass take the package and do as he be tell . perceval how big be this protest suppose to be , anyway ? broughton thousands . merkel come back down the stair . merkel he be not follow . merkel step to a small table and roll out a kitchen towel . Inside the towel be a markov pistol . merkel ( cont 'd ) per you request . broughton chamber - check the weapon and index the trigger perfectly to she hand . broughton close she eye , feel the pistol 's weight , then finally look down at the crisp profile of the front sight . we have just witness flawless muscle memory and broughton 's mastery of a weapon . broughton it will do . 68 . broughton seat a load magazine , rack the slide and thumb the safety . clocked and lock , she slip the pistol into she waistband . broughton ( cont ’d ) everything else ready ? merkel yes . all the detail you request . i’1l lead you around the corner towards alexanderplatz and let you handle the crossing . spyglass I be ready . broughton turn back to a clean-shaven spyglass . broughton what about he shirt ? merkel I would not be catch dead in it , but for he , it 's prefect . broughton stand over here . a 6x6 foot patch of the wall have be freshly paint pale yellow . spyglass stand in front of the yellow patch . broughton ( cont ’d ) face he and look like a free man . merkel step forward and with a polaroid land camera -- click ! flash ! -- merkel pull the film from the camera back , step aside to a small fold card table and get to work . broughton ( cont ’d ) what do you tell you commanding officer ? spyglass I be go to tell he I be sick , but my family and I have be in hide since the other night . spyglass be about say more when perceval interrupt . perceval do you know anyone at oberbaumbriicke ? 69 . spyglass no . broughton any colleague ? spyglass no . they be all at the demonstration . I check the work rotation week ago . merkel hand perceval a forge West german passport . perceval open the lead page . spyglass 's new photo be attach and stamp perfectly with the ddr - emboss seal . perceval hand it to spyglass . broughton you be Johann Schmidt , resident of West Berlin . I be you English wife , Mary . you be a banker , and we have a daughter . spyglass what be she age ? my daughter be four . broughton then she be four . broughton look to perceval . broughton ( cont ’d ) we have be visit you brother han on this street . memorize all of this , because you will be do the talk . my german be terrible . spyglass who send a woman who speak no german ? perceval the same people who be go to give you a cottage in the countryside with a little garden . spyglass look at merkel , who say nothing . broughton take off all you clothes . spyglass turn around , visibly unsettle by she request . 70 . spyglass I will not be treat like I ama common prisoner . broughton glance at perceval and then back to spyglass . broughton shut up ... you do what I say when I say it . you have two minute to strip naked . everything ! you will take nothing from the East to the West . nothing . do you understand ? spyglass stare at she silently . broughton point at the package wrap in brown paper sit on the table . broughton ( cont ’d ) that 's underwear , sock , clothes , shoe , belt , scarf , and coat . merkel set down a wallet and a set of key next to the brown paper package of clothes . broughton ( cont ’d ) you now have a wallet , forge document , german driver 's license , bank card , dmark , and house and car key . spyglass just stand there . broughton ( cont ’d ) herr Schmidt , you have ninety second . spyglass strip down completely naked and begin to pull on the underwear and sock . then , we hear a noise and broughton draw and level she pistol at the top of the stair . spyglass no ! merkel ( in german ) show yourself ! from the darkness appear a plainly - dress East german woman ( helena ) and a young girl of four year ( audrey ) . merkel look at the woman and child . merkel ( cont 'd ) jordache . Nice touch . perceval turn to spyglass . 71 . perceval who the hell be this ? spyglass my family . perceval I tell you I could not guarantee to get they across . half -dress , spyglass move towards he wife and child . spyglass please , you must help we . broughton look at perceval . broughton you say you never meet spyglass . perceval remain silent , and broughton look to spyglass . spyglass of course we have meet . perceval enough ! spyglass stop talk . his wife and child be frighten . broughton where ?! spyglass at a bar in East Berlin . broughton turn to perceval , who know he have be catch . we hear the crowd of demonstrator outside marching . merkel the protest be come . broughton do not look away from perceval . broughton you lie to I . perceval we be all liar , and you know that . my lie be reserve for work . now you know the truth , so that make we friend . perceval look to spyglass , the woman and the little girl . 72 . perceval ( cont 'd ) so let 's drop the righteousness and get this family across . we hear the swell of the crowd outside now . broughton look at the scared face of spyglass and he family . broughton can you get they over ? perceval yes . broughton turn back to group . broughton you will stay with I , herr Schmidt . you have 60 second to finish get dress . spyglass hug he wife and child and pull the rest of he clothes on . ext . east berlin - day perceval scan the street . merkel hand broughton a umbrella at the doorway of the abandon building . spyglass and he family be at he side . we hear the distant crowd from alexanderplatz . merkel good luck . the protester slowly surge around the corner and begin to march past they . merkel step into the loud crowd move down the street . spyglass kiss he wife and daughter who have tear stream down they face . spyglass ( in german ; to daughter ) you must listen to you mother now , and be a brave little girl . perceval remove a East german ushanka ( fur-line officer 's hat ) from he overcoat and put it on he head . perceval take off he overcoat to reveal the green uniform and shoulder board of a East german Oberst ( Colonel ) . spyglass kiss he wife again . 73 . spyglass ( cont 'd ) ( in german ) you must go with he now . perceval we will see you in West Berlin . perceval and spyglass 's family quickly blend into the thousand of East Germans and disappear down a side street . broughton lift she umbrella . broughton let 's go . broughton and spyglass step into the groundswell of the protest . int . / ext . build - 7th floor - day the same two kgb rough man ( from the gascione assassination and movie theater scene ) be back , dress in match track suit . they occupy a gut room . one work as a sniper and the other as he spotter . they're set back from the window behind a dragunov rifle and high - power optic . we see they scan the crowd below with precision , search for they target . ext . east berlin - day broughton look to merkel in the crowd , then lift she black umbrella . merkel nod , and throughout the crowd , dozen of black umbrella begin to open . int . / ext . build - 7th floor - same the sniper watch through he dragunov scope as umbrella begin to pop up and conceal the protester . the sniper glance at he spotter , who be unsure of what to do . we see a sea of a hundred of umbrella on the street below . ext . east berlin - continuous on the street , the crowd swell in size and close the distance to the border lace thick with concertina wire . 74 . the east german guard watch the protester as they advance towards the oberbaumbriicke checkpoint . broughton turn to spyglass as he lean into she . spyglass Ms. Lloyd . spyglass 's face reveal distress as he take a few weak step and stagger to he knee . we see dark blood soaking down spyglass 's back as the crowd of protester come apart . we hear a shot echo off of the tall building . chaos ! umbrellas drop to the ground . broughton 's eye scan through the terrify protester as East german Guards begin run in all direction . int . / ext . build - 7th floor - continuous the spotter call distance , bullet drop , and wind . the sniper 's trigger fire with a smooth cadence . they search the street below for they target . ext . east berlin - continuous across the street , broughton pull spyglass behind a park car to safety . spyglass I have be shot . broughton I know . broughton scan the building and rooftop . another round deflect off the hood of the car and pound into the wall of the building . broughton ( cont ’d ) they have the high ground . broughton grab the side mirror of the car and angle it back towards the building . she be look for the sniper from the trajectory of the income round . we see the slight glint of a rifle 's optic . 75 . broughton ( cont ’d ) I have get they . broughton pull spyglass 's scarf from around he neck and hand it to he . broughton ( cont ’d ) listen to I . apply direct pressure . spyglass I do not want to die . broughton slap spyglass 's face as hard as she can to get he complete attention . broughton you will not die ! say it . spyglass put the scarf against he wound with new resolve . spyglass I will not die ... I will not die ... broughton direct pressure . spyglass direct pressure ... I will not die ... direct pressure ... broughton can you run ? spyglass if I must . broughton grab spyglass , and they sprint across the street towards the base of the sniper 's building . int . build - 7th floor - continuous the spotter provide security in the doorway as the sniper break down and bag he rifle . the sniper team move out into the hallway and slide the bag weapon down a coal shoot . int . build - various - continuous broughton and spyglass enter the lobby . 76 . broughton stay right here . spyglass lean against the base of the staircase . broughton take off she coat and reverse it , quickly change the color from brown to green . broughton exhales through she nose , slow she heart rate , and head up the stair . first floor ... second ... third ... and , as she be turn the corner to the fourth floor landing , the sniper team appear , come down two step at a time . sniper entschuldigung , fraulein . broughton pass they on the stair , and they pass she . we see broughton 's pistol press against the back of the sniper 's head . broughton ( in Russian ) that accent sound distinctly muscovite to I . without hesitation , the young sniper spin and disarm broughton . the pistol skitter across the tile floor . the sniper draw and raise he own markov when broughton charge and disarm the weapon . fight time ! two highly - train man against one bad - ass woman . it be close . brutal . and extremely violent . punch , knee and elbow throw from both side . the two man be relentless with they attack on broughton . the sniper knee broughton in the face , and she body crumple to the floor , break . the spotter pick broughton up and be about to finish she off when ... broughton smashes she head into the spotter and drive she thumb into the sniper 's eye . broughton 's body slam against the wall , send plaster dust into the air . they fight on . we watch as three savage beat the live hell out of each other in a dingy staircase in East Berlin . the spotter leap for the one of the disarm pistol , but broughton be there to stop he . they struggle for the weapon and roll across the landing . 77 . the spotter pound he fist into broughton 's body . broughton escape the barrage onto she back just as the spotter raise the markov pistol to she head . broughton uncoil she body , thrust she leg into he chest and launch the spotter backwards into the daze sniper . they both disappear over the stair railing without so much as a whimper . four floor of free fall and then they slam onto the lobby floor next to spyglass . broughton pick up she pistol from the floor and calmly walk down the stair . broughton pick up the second pistol from the lobby floor and then step past the two dead body . broughton ( cont ’d ) let 's go . broughton and spyglass move on . broughton never look back . ext . east berlin - day broughton and spyglass move down the street litter with black umbrella . spyglass I can not . broughton yes , you can . two unarm east german guard see broughton support spyglass , who 's soak in blood . east german guard halt ! the two East german Guards jog towards they . broughton keep walk . east german guard halt ! broughton turn and point she pistol directly at the two unarm East german Guards . they back away , hand in the air , and then turn and break into a full run . broughton see what she want . she take two step to a park trabant sedan . 78 . spyglass how can you be so confident ? broughton I allow for no other option . broughton swing the door open and grab a handful of wire beneath the dash . a few second be all broughton need to get the engine turn over . broughton shift she eye down the street several block . we see a dozen East german frontier troops run up the hill toward they with they weapon draw . int . / ext . sedan - continuous broughton watch in the rear-view mirror . broughton hold on . broughton jam the sedan in drive , cut the wheel hard and spin out across the cobblestone street . the East Germans jump into several military car and give chase after broughton . this be french connection meet bullitt but through the street of East Berlin 1989 ! broughton race the steal sedan through featureless neighborhood . a half - dozen East german military car hunt she at breakneck speed . broughton rally down a narrow alleyway , out onto a wide street and through a gauntlet of near miss . two East german military car try to block she route . broughton smashes through a crude roadblock and spin the military car like top . several more East Germans 's car join in the hot pursuit . broughton 's side window explode and send glass through the sedan . broughton have have enough . broughton slide to a stop , jam she sedan into reverse , then draw and empty the markov pistol out the windowless hole to she side . bullet strike into the pack of pursue military car . broughton whip the sedan back around as three more East german car pile up in a smoking heap . 79 . spyglass we will never ... make it . broughton we will make it . broughton 's sedan be up on the sidewalk , fly over and through most every obstacle as the East german noose tighten around she . out the window , the Friedrichstrasse Station can be see a few block away . broughton ( cont ’d ) it 's just ahead . broughton slide the sedan around the corner and towards the station when a East german t55 tank roll down the street at they , stop and level its big gun at they . broughton look in she rear-view mirror at the military car come up behind she . broughton scan she surroundings . broughton reverse the tiny sedan . broughton ( cont ’d ) hold on ! broughton yank the steering wheel hard and slide the sedan onto a narrow street above the spree River . she jam it into gear , and they race on . without warning , a East german military truck slam into the sedan from a side street . the tiny sedan buckle on impact . broughton and spyglass flip end over end and plunge into spree River . the cold water pour into car from the shattered window . the sedan quickly disappear and be consume by the dark river . broughton remain calm as the cold water rush in . spyglass my foot be trap . spyglass pull at he trap leg . broughton I 'il get you out . broughton unbuckle herself and lean across to aid spyglass . she pull at he leg . nothing . broughton dive under the rush water and try to release he foot . nothing . she surface , and the water continue to rise past they chest . 80 . broughton ( cont ’d ) I will get you out ! broughton be about to dive under the water again , when spyglass grab she . spyglass the last thing I be tell can not be another lie . spyglass ''s eye be pure and without fear . the water fill up to both of they shoulder . spyglass grab broughton 's hand . spyglass ( cont 'd ) my wife , helena , and daughter , audrey -- tell they I love they . promise I . broughton nod as the water reach they neck . broughton I promise . spyglass go ... save yourself . they each take one last breath as the cold water cover they . broughton hold onto spyglass 's hand until he body convulse and relax in death . the tiny sedan twist in the river 's current . broughton push the car door open . she glance back at spyglass 's lifeless body and then never look back again ... broughton swim underwater through the wintry river . she do not have much time . hardcut back to : int . century house - ISO - fac - day close on the narga III deck and the tail of the tape flap on another full reel . kurzfeld do you need to take a break ? broughton no. 81 . broughton light another woodbine and watch in silence as Gray pull the tape archive off of the deck , drop a fresh one on and thread it . gray I be ready when you be . Gray click record , and the reel start back up again . back to : ext . spree river - moment later broughton 's head break the surface , and she pull herself up against the wooden pylon of a boat dock out of sight . she look up the river to see dozen of East german soldier search . broughton struggle to pull herself onto the dock as she body be quickly go hypothermic . a car skid to a stop on the street above of she . we hear the door OPEN and footstep approach she . broughton be desperate , fight to warm she body as she cold finger fumble with she empty pistol . we see boot run up and then stop next to a exhaust broughton . merkel I be here . merkel grab broughton 's hyperborean body and quickly toss she into the warm car . merkel speed away with broughton in the passenger seat . int . east berlin - safe house - day broughton , wrap in wool blanket , huddle around a coal fire contain in a metal bucket . merkel sit in the flicker light . merkel what happen ? broughton the kgb position a sniper team in a building . I recognize they from several day ago . 82. merkel you recognize they ? broughton I catch up with they in the stairwell of the building . they have blue eye . I kill they both . merkel look at broughton who share no emotion . broughton stare at the fire and replay everything in she mind . broughton ( cont ’d ) perceval ? merkel I lose he and spyglass 's family in the crowd . I be sure they be safe in the West . broughton spyglass be dead . merkel and you be alive . broughton 's still try to put all the piece together . broughton the kgb know everything . broughton stand , blanket wrap around she shoulder . broughton ( cont ’d ) I need to get across . I need to call in and make contact with my superior . merkel stare at she for a moment in silence . merkel you be a strong woman . broughton I prefer it to good - look and useless . merkel stand . merkel follow I . broughton follow merkel down a faintly - light hallway . 83. merkel ( cont 'd ) you must use the old tunnel . merkel kneel and lift a false section in the floor , revealing a open within the tile . merkel hand broughton a metal flashlight . merkel ( cont 'd ) walk until you see the metal ladder , it will bring out in the West . broughton lower herself down into the dark hole and turn on the flashlight . int . east berlin —- sewer - moment later the flashlight 's yellow beam illuminate the damp tunnel . broughton walk in silence towards West Berlin for several hundred yard until ... we see the beam of she flashlight cut across a dead man 's body . the cold have keep the body preserve with a fox green hue to the skin . broughton kneel down for a closer look and identify the face warpe by death . broughton ( to herself ) batkhin broughton quickly search he pocket and body and find nothing of value . she stand and move on past the kgb officer 's corpse towards the West . ext . attache 's office - day broughton stand in the cold and ring the buzzer , which go unanswer . she try again , nothing . broughton move back out onto the street and be on the move . int . west berlin - HOTEL room - day super : '' november 8 , 1989 '' broughton , wrap in a towel , sit on the edge of she bed , stare at the wall . broughton 's emotion be just below the surface of she face . she replay every detail in she mind . cross over . the family . the sniper . how do the kgb know ? the car flooding with water . spyglass 's death . 84 . how do the kgb know ? suddenly , broughton stand and move through the room . she take apart the phone . nothing . she look in the lamp . nothing . under the bed . nothing . window sill . nothing . doors. nothing . she search for the device . then , from across the room , she see she coat , still damp from the spree River . broughton inspect the button , pocket , and liner . she feel along the collar and pull a tiny uhf device and hard wire out of the coat . we hear pounding on she hotel door . polizei ( 0.s. ) offen sie die tur ! polizei ! broughton stuff the device back into she coat just as ... we see the hotel door burst open . the polizei enter with complete intimidation . they be follow by a older and very severe - look first chief inspector . broughton you have no right to break into my hotel room ! who in the hell be you ?! the first Chief Inspector point at the four silver star on he meticulous uniform . first chief inspector Ms. Lloyd . I be first Chief Inspector of this district , and you rights here be not the same as if you be in knightsbridge . broughton I would like to call my attaché in the british sector and see if he agree with you . the first Chief Inspector narrow he eye at the remark . first chief inspector a high rank stasi officer be kill yesterday in East Berlin . his body have be pull from a submerge car in the river . 85 . the first Chief Inspector look for a reaction but get none from broughton . first chief inspector ( cont ’d ) this have cause a great deal of tension between East and West . broughton how can I help you , Inspector ? first chief inspector first Chief Inspector , Ms. Lloyd . we be tell the stasi officer be try to defect . broughton there be sixteen million East Germans that to want to defect . first chief inspector two Russian national be also kill . broughton why be you tell I this ? first chief inspector witnesses say that there be a woman aid the stasi officer . a woman that fit you general likeness . the first Chief Inspector stare at broughton . broughton I do not believe you have any evidence . first chief inspector what make you so sure ? broughton because if you do , I would be in you jail by now . the first Chief Inspector take a step closer . first chief inspector the britisher who be shot last week be a spy , be not he ? broughton how would I know ? 86 . first chief inspector you government send you to replace he and stage a stasi officer 's defection . broughton I have no idea what you be talk about . I be a british civil servant , a lawyer . the first Chief Inspector take another step , close the distance to broughton 's face . broughton remain stoic under the tension in the room . first chief inspector where be you yesterday afternoon ? broughton lasalle ++. be with I . the first Chief Inspector turn to lasalle stand in the hotel room doorway . lasalle ( cont 'd ) there be plenty of my friend who will confirm this . first chief inspector no doubt . the polizei brush past lasalle . the first Chief Inspector stride towards the door and then turn back to broughton . first chief inspector ( cont ’d ) I ' 11l will question each and every one of they thoroughly . the polizei be go . lasalle look at broughton . broughton you do not have to do that . lasalle when I do not hear from you , I get worried . broughton move towards she clothes that hang in the closet as she lower she towel . lasalle look across at she naked frame . we see deep bruise cover broughton 's body from the punish staircase fight and car crash . broughton pull on she clothes . 87 . lasalle ( cont 'd ) I fear you be in danger . broughton grab she coat . broughton we be all in danger here . you should pack and run back to Paris . broughton pull on she coat and move towards the door . lasalle what for ? broughton you will be dead if you do not . now excuse I . broughton move past lasalle , and the hotel room door close . ext . west berlin - mi6 safe house - day broughton walk off the street and up the stair to a drab apartment building . int . west berlin - mi6 safe house - day perceval look through the peephole and open the door for broughton . perceval you look like shit . broughton say nothing and enter the room . perceval ( cont 'd ) you okay ? broughton spyglass do not make it . perceval I know ... welcome to Berlin . broughton start to take she coat off . perceval ( cont 'd ) leave it on . the Americans want to talk to we . broughton have you tell he family ? 88. perceval not yet . I be wait to see if you even make it . broughton take a breath . broughton I will do it . give I a few minute alone with they . I make a promise . perceval step aside , and broughton move towards a small bedroom door . she knock gently and then slowly open the door . spyglass 's wife and daughter sit on a twin bed and stare up at she frame perfectly in the doorway . broughton ( cont ’d ) I be so sorry . helena pull she daughter into she arm and cry out in grief . broughton shut the bedroom door and keep she promise to spyglass . ext . tiergarden park - day perceval , kurzfeld and broughton stand near the freeze duck pond in the harsh light of the afternoon . kurzfeld I expect more out of the brit than a royal goat fuck ! perceval maybe you should have back we up ! kurzfeld we would have if we have know you be crossing he over . broughton you do not have we own stasi agent ... do you ? kurzfeld not one with a photographic memory . goddamn it ... so , who be blow ? perceval not we ... the kgb know the exfil route and the best hide position for effective fire . 89 . kurzfeld that do not guarantee who give the sniper he order . broughton could it have be satchel ? they all look at one another for a moment know they do not have a answer to that question . kurzfeld well maybe the dead drop be compromise ? perceval no ... only myself and gascione ever know its location . perceval turn towards broughton . perceval ( cont 'd ) what about you fixer , merkel ? broughton if I be not for he , I have have never make it back . perceval well , you never know whom to trust . perceval look at broughton . broughton that 's right . trust do seem to be in short supply this day . broughton hold perceval 's eye for a moment . kurzfeld could you have be the target ? broughton me? kurzfeld that spyglass be just collateral ? broughton if the sniper want to shoot I first , he could have . kurzfeld mighty convenient that they do not . 90 . broughton take a step towards the remark . broughton what be you imply ? perceval step between they . perceval be serious , emmett . this be obviously about silencing spyglass before we get to he . he must have be blow . broughton well , whoever the target be , Moscow have send we a message . kurzfeld lean towards broughton and point he finger . kurzfeld langley be go to hang my ass in the wind for this . perceval I be sure they be wait for you to file you report . I know London 's wait on I . kurzfeld walk away in disgust and do not look back . kurzfeld let 's all just concentrate on keep we head down . perceval turn to broughton . perceval it 's all cocked up , but I think he still like we . they stand for a moment in silence . broughton I do not know what to say . perceval I nil work on a flight for you . C 's go to want whatever you side of this mess be in triplicate . int . west berlin - HOTEL room - evening super : '' november 9 , 1989 '' gl . broughton stare out the window at the gray evening sky . a half - empty bottle of stoli sit next to she . we hear the phone ring . broughton pick it up and speak . broughton Lloyd . int . lasalle 's apartment - evening lasalle stand in she bedroom in La perla with the telephone press to she ear . lasalle dinner ? broughton ( v.o. ) I do not think it 's the best idea . lasalle a drink then ? broughton ( v.o. ) you be persistent . lasalle chamber check she pistol , confirm it be load , and slide it beneath the pillow on she bed . lasalle another of my charm . I have a recipe of great interest to you . broughton ( v.0 . ) what might that be ? lasalle it 's sweet as sugar . it have to do with perceval . int . west berlin - HOTEL room - evening broughton take a sip of she stoli and look out around she empty hotel room . broughton all right , I will be by later tonight . broughton set the phone down , look out the window , and then dial another number immediately . 92 . broughton ( cont ’d ) be you busy ? perceval ( v.o. ) write up a report for my old friend , " C . '' broughton there be some legal issue with the transportation I have like to ask you about . perceval ( v.o. ) come by anytime . broughton I will get a cab and be right over . broughton hang up the phone . ext . west berlin - night broughton step from a cab and walk up to perceval 's building . int . attache 's office - night broughton walk through the office door and leave she coat on this time . perceval and broughton be civil , however they be a cat and mouse tension to the room . perceval you look polished . broughton I be say goodbye to lasalle . perceval lucky lady ... scotch ? broughton sure . perceval move across to he desk and lift a bottle . perceval there be not any transportation issue . so , what do you really want to talk about ? perceval set two glass out and lift the bottle . 93. broughton failure . perceval be you worried about how this look in you file ? how you 'il advance up the ladder at the Circus ? broughton I really have not think that far . perceval pour three finger of a single malt and hand it across to broughton . perceval well , do not . broughton be that you official recommendation ? perceval you have never lose a package before ? broughton I have bury friend ... enemy ... and I have bury my emotion for a great many year ... and with that , I have come to the conclusion that it simply do not matter . perceval offer broughton a seat in one of the two wear - leather club chair . perceval lift he highball towards broughton . they both take a silent , smooth drink . perceval there be a lovely italian girl who once tell I , '' David , you can not unfuck what have be fuck . '' perceval smile and lean in , serious and measure . perceval ( cont 'd ) listen carefully . at the end of a very long career of chase shadow , the only reward you take home be to grow old . if you be lucky , you tell some good lie to the boy down at the pub . broughton I believe somehow the truth would lay out differently . 94 . perceval there be that beautiful word . Truth . broughton we be in the enterprise of reshaping the truth to serve England . after all , there be no way around the datum that at time we job come down to kill or be kill . perceval pause for a moment and then , upon reflection -- perceval the blood on we hand will wash away with time . broughton that 's it ... just let it go ? perceval unless you want it to eat a hole straight through you gut . it 's simple . somewhere , somebody get the upper hand . maybe you be too conspicuous when you go over to see merkel . broughton wait a damn minute . perceval or maybe I be indiscreet when I pick up spyglass 's message . as I already say , most likely , spyglass himself be the loudmouth . the truth be we will never know . broughton and the body I find in the tunnel ? perceval I tell you that tunnel be history . broughton it be bakhtin . perceval take a drink . perceval do he have the list ? 95 . broughton no . perceval who the hell know how bakhtin end up there ? anyone , even bremoyvch could have kill he . broughton I suppose you be right . perceval set he empty glass down on the side table . perceval I be right , and you be damn fortunate to make it back to fight another day . broughton hold up the uhf device and hard wire and hand it to perceval . his smile fade . broughton it 's french make for the dsge . I find it in hide in my coat . perceval never trust the frenchy . broughton nod and move towards the front door follow by perceval . perceval ( cont 'd ) can I give you a lift to lasalle 's place . broughton no , I be go to walk . the fresh air help I think . perceval open the door for broughton as she step out into the hallway . perceval you be a hell of a good officer . now ... forget I ever say that . broughton nod and continue on without ever look back . perceval close the door . he look at the uhf device and hard wire on the table and then grab the key to he saab . pre -lap on the soundtrack : '' voice carry '' by ' til Tuesday . 96 . int . lasalle 's apartment - night we see a window of the apartment slide open . cold air gently blow the curtain . lasalle listen to a Sony walkman through headphone as she pour a drink for herself in she bedroom and set the bottle down . we reveal a intruder wear a ski mask stand behind she . lasalle be completely unaware until the electrical cord pull tight around she neck . lasalle struggle to free herself . she throw the intruder off of she and scramble , gasp for air , towards the bed . the intruder lunge after lasalle as she crawl up the bed , reach for the pillow , she conceal gun just inch away . we hear the downstairs buzzer of the building . the intruder climb on lasalle 's back , grab the cord and pull it tight around she neck . lasalle 's hand be on the gun , but she do not have the strength to lift it into she palm . ext . lasalle 's apartment build - night a young couple leave lasalle 's building . broughton slip through the open front door and move down the hallway . int . lasalle 's apartment - night lasalle twist around and claw the ski mask off the intruder . we reveal : perceval as he pull back on the cord , and the life fade from she eye . lasalle 's body fall to the floor . perceval move off of lasalle 's dead body and begin to search through the apartment . we hear a knock on the door . perceval be out of time . he turn and climb out the open window as lasalle 's front door be push open by broughton . broughton enter and find lasalle 's strangle , warm body on the floor . she move through the apartment , see the open window , and look outside . nothing . broughton move back through the apartment and stop at the bathroom . she look in and see it have be convert to a small photo darkroom with a red blub . a clothesline hang above the develop , fix , and stop trays . we see there be several photo of broughton that reveal lasalle 's fixation . 97 . broughton close the door and move back into the kitchen we see large glass container of flour , salt ... and sugar . broughton turn over the container , dump the sugar onto the counter along with a package . broughton open the package to reveal a stack of photo . insert - photo photo 1 - perceval and bremovych talk in a club . photo 2 - perceval talk to the kgb sniper , Ivan yerchenko . photo 3 - kgb agent bakhtin hand perceval a envelope . photo 4 - perceval open the envelope . photo 5 - gascione 's burcherer timepiece in perceval 's hand . photo 6 - perceval stand over bakhtin 's dead body . back to scene broughton take the photo and move out of the apartment , never look back at lasalle 's body on the floor . ext . berlin - french sector - night broughton exit lasalle 's apartment building and move into the neighborhood . on the street , a sedan pull out and follow she . broughton can sense the sedan 's headlight and pick up she pace towards a busy intersection ahead . broughton stop at a small newspaper stand and glance toward the street and the approach sedan . she can now see bremovych and he driver clearly in the sedan drive towards she . she calmly turn and walk around the corner just as the light turn red . bremovych 's sedan pull up just six foot away . steady now ... broughton look across the six busy lane of traffic to the hotel 's taxi stand . out of the corner of she eye , she watch bremovych . then , the sedan 's window start to roll down . against the red light , broughton bolt out into the fray of speed car and cut through the screeching traffic . we hear horn honking and sheet metal smashing . Cars slide and pile up in the intersection . broughton escape without a scratch . 98 . she sprint onto the median , across the next three lane , and jump into the wait taxi . broughton look across at the wreck of a dozen car . bremovych stand next to he sedan and watch she escape he once more . int . attache 's office - night the room be light by a single bare bulb and a small television . perceval sit alone , drink two finger of single - malt scotch . insert - news footage MTV 's kurt loder report from the Berlin Wall . we see from the MTV news footage that massive crowd be assemble . two east german soldier stand on the Wall , hold a MTV umbrella . a iconic symbol of the time . we move on the television , and we see the reflection of perceval . he lean in and shut of the tv . perceval swing a small duffle bag over he shoulder and kick over a Jerry can . the gasoline pour out onto the hardwood floor of he apartment . perceval stand at he front door , light a match and throw it onto the floor . the whole room be consume in flame . perceval move on . ext . perceval 's apartment build - night perceval step out of he building . we see the flame and smoke come from he apartment window . perceval walk parallel to the graffiti-cover Wall and then cut into the alleyway towards he saab 900 turbo . a figure step towards he in the dark alley , and perceval slow he step as he approach he car . perceval well , I suppose that 's it . we will be obsolete by morning . i’1l be back in London , and you ... back to the party . we hear the faint sound of hammer striking against concrete . perceval ( cont 'd ) the simplicity of we struggle crumble as that wall come down . ( more ) 99 . perceval ( cont 'd ) the line on the map draw by man who never face the risk themselves will be harder to see . in the distance , the crowd 's cheer be hear . perceval ( cont 'd ) a different world be approach . more volatile . more corrupt . there will be no ideology to protect we . just the brutal and cold conscience of commerce . perceval eye follow a group of West Germans with hand tool move towards the Wall . perceval ( cont 'd ) extortion ... whoever have the list in this new world have all power . without it ? just a target . perceval turn back to the wordless figure in the shadow . perceval ( cont 'd ) we play we hand . Hell , I be just glad to see you face at this moment , as the rampart of tyranny fall into the history book . perceval smile softly to himself as he look towards the crowd . perceval ( cont 'd ) listen to they . in the faint light , we see the flash of gunmetal . we hear a gunshot bark out ! baaam baaam baaam ! perceval 's body fall to the cold alleyway . broughton step from the shadow and stand with the smoke twist from the barrel . broughton lasalle be harmless ? perceval no one be harmless . lasalle be extort I . broughton and the list ? 100 . perceval you be too late . bremovych pay I handsomely . perceval cough up a mouthful of blood and stare up at broughton hold she gun in he face . she reach down and remove the '' Carl F bucherer '' timepiece from he wrist . broughton you go to play out the lie until the bitter end ? perceval 's eye struggle to focus on broughton 's face and then , when they do , he softly grunt : perceval would you believe Queen and country ? broughton yes , comrade satchel . perceval that 's how you be go to play it ? broughton say nothing . perceval ( cont 'd ) well do ... well do . the pool of blood grow around perceval 's body , and he relax in death . ext . england - farnborough airport - day super : '' november 11 , 1989 '' it 's raining in England . it 's always raining . a Royal Air Force C - 130 hercules aircraft park on the hardstand . the giant prop slow to a stop as the rear ramp extend down . broughton exit the front of the aircraft . we hear the SOUND of a lone bagpiper . broughton turn and watch the Royal Scots honor Guard exit down the ramp of the C - 130 with two flag - drape coffin , the body gascione and perceval . broughton stand in silence as the coffin be load for ground transport . 101 . int . century house - ISO - fac - day the ashtray be full of Woodbine . the nagra III reel to reel record on the table . Gray lean forward and then exclaim : gray what happen ? broughton sit in silence for a moment . broughton I fail , sir . gray you directive be to bring home one body , and you return with two . you be task to find the most important list of the last forty year of the cold War , you come back empty-hand . you be a bloody disgrace ! broughton lean across the desk . she have have enough . broughton you send I into a hornet 's nest . from the moment I touch down , the kgb be on to I . you know perceval be on the bubble and he know not to trust I . you want satchel ? well here he be . broughton set down a manila folder . Gray look through a stack of black - and - white photo from lasalle 's apartment . Gray lift a black - and - white photo and show it to kurzfeld . broughton ( cont ’d ) this photo be damn evidence of perceval 's involvement with the kgb . perceval be satchel . Gray and kurzfeld look across at broughton . broughton ( cont ’d ) Three day after gascione be kill , bremovych arrive in Berlin . why ? because gascione be onto perceval and he be go to reveal he as the double . 102 . kurzfeld so bremovych have gascione kill to cover for perceval . broughton point to the photo of perceval and bakhtin . broughton and once you send I to West Berlin . perceval be cover he track . kurzfeld the sniper team be mean for you after all . broughton I think so . I find a french make uhf device in my coat after spyglass be kill . I now believe perceval plant it and make it look like lasalle . flash CUT : int . west berlin - HOTEL room - night broughton sit at the desk in front of the narga sn mirco recording device . a stack of record reel and reel tape sit next to she . with great precision , broughton methodically edit section of tape together from different record conversation . back to : int . century house - ISO - fac - day broughton turn to Gray . broughton Sir , you tell I to '' trust know one '' . in case you need anymore evidence against perceval . broughton pull out the narga sn from she purse and set it on the desk . broughton ( cont ’d ) here be a recording of bremovych and perceval . broughton lean forward and click on the narga sn and the mirco reel begin to play she masterfully edit tape . 103 . we follow the dialogue back to each scene : flashcut to : ext . west berlin - wall - day perceval walk with broughton . two US army jeep with soldier from the 2nd battalion 6th infantry patrol past . perceval gesture towards the brandenburg Gate . perceval look ... if you be go to be here for awhile , we have better play nice with one another . flashcut to : ext . perceval 's apartment build - night perceval be in the alleyway next to he saab 900 turbo . perceval whoever have the list in this new world have all the power . flashcut to : int . palm restaurant - night bremovych stand along the Art Deco bar next to broughton and lasalle . bremovych maybe we could make some sort of arrangement ? flashcut to : ext . west berlin - night we see the bombard ruin of the kasier whelm Memorial Church . perceval stand next to broughton . perceval deal . flashcut to : 104 . int . palm restaurant - night bremovych stand turn to broughton at the bar . bremovych what about the british ? flashcut to : int . perceval 's saab - night perceval stare to broughton in the park car . perceval c be a arrogant lapdog and do not know fuck all about the world past the edge of he desk ! flashcut to : int . century house - ISO fac - day broughton stare at the mirror of the wall and then at the two veteran of the cold War . she calmly lean over and click off the narga sn and the mirco reel fall silent . broughton do you need to hear more ? Gray look at kurzfeld and lean over , click he nagra reel to reel . the tape stop for the first time in hour . gray we be choose to bury this one , broughton . you mission never take place . this conversation and the one that emmett and I be about to have with C never happen . broughton sit in silence . gray ( cont ’d ) I be put you on leave , effective immediately . come back fresh in the new year . we will start the next decade well - rest . Gray and kurzfeld stand and exit the room . broughton sit in the bare light . she slowly light she last woodbine and exhales . 105 . ext . newcastle , england - airport super : '' december 1 , 1989 '' a gorgeous blonde step from a newcastle taxicab and walk into the airport . it 's lorraine broughton . she carry no bag . she walk through security and board a international flight . ext . london - day cc and Gray stroll along the Thames River under a late afternoon sky . cc thatcher be go to have a difficult time with this . gray it 's never good when one of we own stumble . cc nod and squint towards the Palace of westminster . int . / ext . pan am flight - day on the descent , broughton look out the window . cc ( v.0 . ) do we ever find the watchmaker ? flash CUT : ext . west berlin - watch repair shop . we slowly move into the shop window and reveal the watch repair shop be completely empty . gray ( v.o. ) we send a team to the address broughton give we . it be clean , nothing but a empty store front . back to : ext . paris - charle do gaulle airport - day broughton step up to a wait taxi and climb into the backseat without hesitation . the taxi pull out and drive towards the city of Paris . 106 . int . french taxi - evening broughton be be drive through the City of light . the blonde wig be go , and she 's wear a new set of clothes . she look through a small hermés Kelly bag . broughton exit the taxi and turn into the early evening . ext . london - dusk the sun be nearly go . Gray and C move they walk off the bank of the Thames and up to the Victoria embankment . cc we will have to promote broughton just to keep she quiet . gray yes , sir . ext . paris - l’hotel ritz - night broughton walk across the place vendome . the ritz doorman greet she as she enter the lobby . int . paris - l’hotel ritz - lobby / elevator - night broughton move through the grand lobby , pass the bar vendome and stop at the front desk . we do not hear the conversation . broughton smile as she be hand the room key and move to the elevator at the end of a gild hallway . ext . london - night Gray and C stand outside the black door of number 10 down street . gray it 's still hard to imagine David perceval and satchel be the same person . cc I never really trust he . int . paris - l’hotel ritz - night broughton walk down the hallway to the door of she suite . she enter and take off she coat . a titan of man sit on the couch with he back to she . stand and turn to reveal : bremovych . bremovych ( in Russian ) comrade satchel . broughton ( in Russian ) comrade bremovych . broughton move toward bremovych , and they embrace . bremovych ( in Russian ) I be pleased you choose to meet in Paris before we return home . broughton ( in Russian ) I order room service from the concierge . broughton lean in and kiss she counterpart . broughton ( cont ’d ) ( in Russian ) I could have do without be shot at in East Berlin with spyglass . bremovych ( in Russian ) the West have make you soft with idea of individualism , comrade . broughton ( in Russian ) my hope be Moscow and the party will be pleased . 107 . he we hear a knock at the hotel suite door . broughton walk to the door , and a room service attendant enter with a roll cart and bottle of dom perignon and stoli sit in silver bucket of ice . bremovych sign for the bill and tip the attendant . room service attendant merci . bon nuit , monsieur . the attendant turn to broughton . room service attendant ( cont ’d ) Mademoiselle . 108 . only in this moment do we sense something familiar about he -- he turn and leave without another word speak . bremovych lift the dom perignon from the ice . bremovych ( in Russian ) 1961 . very appropriate . broughton move to he , take the bottle of dom from he hand and set it back into the ice . broughton ( in Russian ) let 's start with the vodka . bremovych ( in Russian ) a good Russian woman . broughton lift the bottle of stoli from the second bucket and pour two glass of vodka . broughton ( in Russian ) that you have be order to kill , have not you ? bremovych do not react and deflect she question . bremovych ( in Russian ) lasalle , gascione and perceval they be all worthy enemy . broughton hold up she wrist and reveal the '' Carl F bucherer '' timepiece . bremovych ( cont ’d ) ( in Russian ) they may have win the battle for Berlin , but this ... will let we win the cold War . broughton ( in Russian ) let 's enjoy the night . broughton hand bremovych he vodka . bremovych ( in Russian ) for the memory , comrade satchel . 109 . bremovych and broughton look at the vodka and then empty the glass . a share moment of accomplishment between two warrior in the parisian hotel suite . broughton move to the vodka bottle . bremovych reach to the small of he back and he strong hand make contact with a weapon . with one swift movement , broughton draw a suppress handgun out of the ice and double tap the trigger before bremovych can react . the two bullet punch through bremovych 's cranial stem and kill he instantly . broughton ( in English ) for the memory , comrade bremovych . the room service attendant appear from the hallway . this be merkel from East Berlin . he be follow by a clean team that move into the suite , lift bremovych into a body bag , and begin to sterilize everything . merkel look at broughton . merkel he 's wait . broughton walk out of the suite and never look back . ext . paris - night broughton walk out of a side door of the l’hotel ritz . we follow she several block as she cut through the jardin des tuilery and along the place de la concorde . she descend the stone stair to a small motor boat wait on the seine . ext . paris - motor boat - night a deckhand unty the boat and throw the line ashore . we hear the boat 's engine cry out in the cold air . broughton walk past the close cockpit . at the control of the small motor boat : we see the watchmaker . he touch the brim of he fade New York yankee baseball cap as he recognize broughton . not a word be speak between they . broughton move towards the bow of the boat . we hear a voice call out : 110 . kurzfeld we team be clear of the ritz and already at we embassy . emmett kurzfeld step forward . broughton perceval be never go to defect ? kurzfeld unknown . I plant that story to safeguard you . broughton I do not feel good about that . kurzfeld I have be where you be right now , where everything and everyone I get close to end up dead . they share a moment of silence . broughton sit down on a small bench seat against the cabin . broughton I be tired , sir . kurzfeld how many year have you give for this night ? broughton more than I would have like . broughton hand kurzfeld the '' Carl F burcherer '' '' timepiece . kurzfeld pries open the back plate , and within it be a secret chamber : we see the encrypt list with the name of every cold War intelligence officer . kurzfeld it 's time you come home , Karen . broughton smile at the sound of she true give name . broughton I be ready , sir . I have have enough of the cold . pre - lap on the soundtrack : '' Home sweet Home '' by motley Crew . 111. on the boat 's prow , a defiant american flag snap in the wind . broughton and she american counter - intelligence team speed past the eiffel Tower under a starless night . slam to black . super : graffiti title scrawl out '' the coldest CITY '' the end