qiing a S ° Ze ~o — e atonement screenplay by curistopher hampton base on the novel by lan mcewan introduction by christopher hampton a newmarket shoot script® Series Book newmarket PRESS + new york wuc7 , '' rs a in the strange day towards the end of 2001 , I be in Thailand prepare to | go location - scout for a film I have co-written and be intend to direct , base on a novel by Eric ambler . I have bring with I Ian mcewan 's novel atonement : | always look forward to he book , and this longish novel , I think , might be the ideal distraction from the gather conviction that a piece like ambler 's the night - comer — which deal with the quiet , deadly power struggle in Indonesia between moderate and fundamentalist Moslems — would , in the current climate , never even reach the start gate . so , sit by the hotel pool , far from the prewar English country landscape so vividly evoke in the novel , I feel myself sink into the world of briony tallis , so entrance that I could scarcely bring myself to move when the fierce sun shift and fall across my foot or shoulder . by the time I come back to England , I be convinced that , complex and interiorized as it be , the novel could still be the basis of a powerful film . I contact my agent , who tell I that several writer be already inter - est in the project and that Ian , who have retain a position as executive producer , have reserve the right to interview , vet , or otherwise audition the candidate . a dinner be arrange with Richard eyre , a old friend and colleague of both Ian and myself ; Robert Fox , the producer ; and Ian . I give a somewhat halting ( and , in retrospect , totally inaccurate ) account of the approach I be think of adopt and , in due course , to my great excite - ment , be offer the job . over the next couple of year , I produce three or four draft , each of which be analyse and dissect in meeting at Richard 's house , before be discuss in considerable detail with Ian . in the version that emerge , the story be frame by the return of briony tallis , celebrate she seventy - seventh birthday , to the country hotel into which she childhood home have be convert ; the voice of the old writer , whose action one blaze summer 's day in 1935 have profoundly affect , not to say blight , she own life and the life of that most precious to she , be hear from time to time , reflect on the implication of this or that event , while she she - self be glimpse occasionally like a ghost from the future ; and the second and third section of the novel ( the flight to dunkirk and briony 's wartime service in St. Thomas 's Hospital ) , which happen more or less simultaneously in time , be rearrange and interwoven . the intention be always to remain as faithful to the spirit of the novel as possible — I be always baffle by the widespread notion that when a high price have be pay for a much - love play or novel , the first thing to do be to set about it with a hacksaw — and to translate it into a calm and measure overview of a series of irredeemable catastrophes , somewhat in the manner of harold pinter 's spare and heart break account of L. P. hartley 's the go-between . time drift on , and a familiar anguish begin to make itself feel : the fear that for one or another unfathomable reason , the film might in the end not be make . a pretty expensive art film about a writer and she very partic - ular suffering and temptation might well seem a hard sell , and eventually Richard eyre move away in the direction of a sure thing : he exquisitely act and entertainingly malevolent version of Notes on a scandal . it seem to I as if a whale I have be riding for a number of year be about to disap - pear into the deep : and then I be call into the work title office to meet Joe wright . Joe waste no time in uttering one of that formulae that strike dread into a screenwriter 's heart ( other might include , '' this be a really good first draft '' or '' who exactly be we suppose to be root for ? '' ) . he say : '' I would like to start from scratch . '' furthermore , he mean it . but the good news be he know what he want : to bring the screenplay back even closer to the form of the novel , and he have good , specific idea of how this might be do . for he the first move be to kick away the crutch : the explanatory voice - over , the frame device , the linearity of narrative . this would mean that the story would have to be tell primarily in image and that the actor 's thought would have to be readable on they face rather than audible on the vi sound track ; and that , echoing the bold strategy of the book , we would be deal in big , self - contain chunks of narrative , where the focus would shift unapologetically from one character to another . this have one major unforeseen advantage : the twenty - minute gap between see briony at thirteen and briony at eighteen make it far easier to think of casting two separate actor , a idea that have not really occur to we before , when we structure have appear to insist on a teenage actor capable of aging up and down . the reclaim of the first half of the story , so that it could be see through the eye of a genuine child , make a immeasurable dif - ference to the understanding of briony 's crime , if that be what it be . and the hold in reserve of old briony , who now appear only in a relatively brief epilogue , mean that the viewer of the film , no longer alert by premoni - tory hint , can suffer the same dislocate shoc the novel . the entire process be long and arduous : a low by constant revision of one section or 's at the end as the reader of couple more full draft , fol - another , until finally , at the end of 2005 , Joe and I go to spend two week on a property not far from Florence , belong to susa gelpke , a extreme 's ly sympathetic and hospitable friend of Joe 's , out of which come a final draft which prove to I the truth of something I have often hear assert : consume or effortful than the work require nothing can be more time - to make a piece of write seem simple , lucid , and effortless . a word , finally , about the passage we always refer to as '' the dunkirk section . '' formally troublesome in itself , it be also the most serious victim of the budget restriction that have , quite sensibly , be apply to this adventurous project . there be to be no column of refugee strafe by german stukas , no panzer roll northward , no carpet - bombing of the retreate army . instead , illustrate another old adage about the creativity unleash by impose limit , there would be three soldier tramping north through a phantasmagorical landscape of literal death and dream and meem - ory of many other kind of death . the teeming chaos of dunkirk have to be portray in a kind of composite scene , brilliantly organize by Joe into a single , spectacularly execute steadicam shot . not exactly a case of less meaning more , although it mean that the thousand extras be require only for one day , it give a genuine sense of sweep and size and a true feel of the sorrow and pity of war . here and elsewhere I can say , almost as a objective bystander , though with great pleasure and pride , that the film find its own compelling way of convey the novel 's particularly eloquent bal - ance of the epic and the intimate . a word about the text itself ? what you have in you hand be a transcrip - tion , make after the event , of the finish film . the dozen of scene that fall by the wayside like exhaust soldier on they way to dunkirk have they place in the overall scheme of thing , but to include any or all of they might seem like a criticism of the complete object : the film atonement , of which this be the write record . — Christopher hampton December 2007 vili atonement screenplay by Christopher hampton base on the novel by Ian mcewan credit sequence the SOUND of a typewriter , irregularly strike , now fluent , now create a urgent rhythm that form the percussive element of the open score . a doll 's house , in the form of the tallis house , a enormous victorian gothic pile . the camera move from room to room , from the nursery and spare bedroom on the second floor , to the main bedroom on the first floor , where puppet version of mother , daughter , son and baby sister be neatly order , to the ground floor with its library , draw room , dining room and kitchen . finally the camera move to the hall through which a young gardener puppet wheel a wheelbarrow . the camera pull back through a downstairs window to reveal the whole impressive facade . a caption : england , 1935 int . briony 's bedroom . tallis house . day . the doll 's house be keep in briony 's bedroom . at 13 , she 's the youngest of the family , a intense- look child with a wilful temperament . her room be meticulously tidy , with model animal arrange with military precision , all face in the same direction , two by two , as if queuing for the ark . briony be type out a version of she just - complete first play , a batter copy of the Oxford English dictionary open on the desk . as the camera arrive at she manuscript , she be type , with a confident flourish , the word the end . have do this , she lean forward to pull the page from the typewriter and add it to a small pile ( the play be no more than 8 page ) of manuscript , the cover page of which read the trial of arabella by briony tallis . it 's still early in the morning , but the bead of sweat briony brushes from she forehead tell we that the day be already exceptionally hot . int . landing , staircase and hallway . day . holding she manuscript , briony hurry along the landing , past a door open on to a spare bedroom . Inside , a housemaid be sing as she make up twin bed . briony descend the servant 's staircase , which lead to a black - and - white tile hallway . she do not even glance into the library , a vast , gloomy room glimpse through its open door , but turn to move towards the back of the house . int . kitchen . day briony glance into the empty dining room and pass through the scullery into the huge old kitchen , where grace turner , the housekeeper , sit at one end of the kitchen table polish the silver , while betty , the cook , be supervise two or three kitchen - maids , who be peel mound of potato , scour oven - trays , etc . briony I have finish my play ! grace well do , dear . briony have you see mummy ? grace I expect she will be in the draw room . betty I hope you be not go to be get under we foot today , miss briony , we have get a dinner for ten to prepare . briony 's already on she way out of the room , not listen . int . hallway . day . briony hurry back down the hall , reach the draw room door and be about to enter when she see robbie turner , a impressive - look young man of 24 in work clothes , outside a open door lead to the formal garden . he 's put on a pair of muddy gardening boot . robbie hello pal . I hear you be put on a play . briony who tell you ? robbie jungle drum . briony will you come and see it ? robbie I be not sure that would be quite ... he break off , quickly find another tack and stand . robbie why do not you let I read it ? you use to make I beautiful bound copy of all you storey . briony I still want you to come . robbie let 's see . briony enter the draw room . Inside the morning news play on the wireless . briony mummy , I need you ! she close the door behind she . int . drawing room . day . the draw room be a enormous corner room look out onto a terrace . emily tallis , briony 's mother , a slightly fade woman with pale skin and raw nerve , finish read briony 's manuscript . the radio have be turn off . briony hover above she , anxious and excited . emily look up and smile warmly at briony . emily stupendous ! it 's stupendous , darling ! you first play ! briony do you think Leon will like it ? emily well of course he will . ' the trial of arabella 's by briony tallis . ext . tallis house . garden . day . it 's no later than 10 be , but the sun be already high and blaze down on the monumental facade of the tallis house , recognisable from its miniature version see earlier . lying on one of the roll lawn be cecilia tallis , briony 's sister , a beautiful , restless - look girl of 23 , who be make a desultory attempt to read a fat edition of Richardson 's clarissa . she turn back a page to re-read something , then sigh , roll on to she back and shut she eye against the sun . briony be lie a few foot away . briony cee ? cecilia yes . briony what do you think it would feel like to be someone else ? cecilia cooler , I should hope . pause . briony I be worried about the play . cecilia I be sure it 's a masterpiece . briony but we only have the afternoon to rehearse . what if the twin can not act ? cecilia you have to be nice to they . think how you would feel if you mother have run off with Mr. what 's - his - name who read the news on the wireless . briony perhaps I should have write Leon a story . if you write a story , you only have to say the word ' castle 's and you can see the tower and the wood and the village below ... but in a play it 's ... it all depend on other people . cecilia mm. briony roll over . some way off , robbie turner push a wheelbarrow up to a flower bed and park it . briony cee ? cecilia yes . briony why do not you talk to Robbie any more ? cecilia I do . we just move in different circle , that 's all . down by the flower bed , robbie glance across at cecilia and briony . but he 's very focus on he immediate task which be the plant of a row of cutting from the greenhouse . he wipe the sweat off he forehead and begin to dig with a trowel . int . nursery . day . rehearsals be take place in a now disus room on the top floor , the former nursery , occupy the front corner of the house . briony have wedge herself into a old high chair and look down at she red-headed cousin : lola quincey , 15 , and she twin 9 year - old brother , pierrot and jackson . they be all clutching handwritten copy of briony 's play . jackson do we have to do a play ? pierrot why do we have to ? briony it 's to celebrate my brother Leon 's visit . pierrot I hate play . jackson so do i. briony how can you hate play ? pierrot it 's just show off . lola cross she leg , revealing a ankle bracelet above she sandal , and a set of brightly paint toenail ; she speak quite calmly . lola you will be in this play or you will get a clout and I 'il tell the Parents . jackson you be not allow to clout we . lola we be guest in this house and what do the Parents say we be to make ourselves ? well ? pierrot ? pierrot amenable . lola Jackson ? jackson amenable . lola amenable , that 's right . she turn graciously to briony . lola now , briony , what 's you play about ? briony it 's about how ... love be all very well , but you have to be sensible . lola frown , dubious . lola I suppose you be go to be arabella . briony well ... not necessarily . she 's be surprised into this , but lola take immediate ruthless advantage . lola in that case , do you mind if I play she ? jackson lola be in the school play . lola do say yes , it have be the first decent thing to happen to I in month . briony can not see any way to get out of it . briony well ... all right . lola I suppose we should start by read it ... briony if you be go to be arabella , then I will be the director , thank you very much . lola sorr-ee ! briony I be go to do the prologue . she look down and begin read . briony prologue . this be the tale of spontaneous arabella who run away with a extrinsic fellow . it grieve she parent to see they first bear evanesce from she home to go to eastbourne ... the door open ; briony break off and look up to see danny hardman , the seventeen year - old spotty son of the head gardener , stand in the doorway . briony yes ? danny nothing . just think I would watch . briony rehearsals be private , I be afraid . you can see the play this evening . danny i’1l have to work then . briony well , I be sorry , Danny . danny reluctantly prise himself away , close the door behind he . briony turn back to the other . jackson can we have a swim now ? pierrot yes , yes , yes ! briony there 's no time ! pierrot cecilia will let we . before briony can respond , the twins be charge towards the door , pretend to fire gun at one another and shouting for cecilia . lola I be sure a half - hour break would do we all good . lola saunter casually after the twin , leave briony alone . she sit on the floor , she back up against the wall , fan herself with she script , she expression morose . a wasp be buzzing irritatingly , trap between two pane of the open sash window . briony get up and go over to liberate it . she 's about to lower the sash , when something outside catch she attention . below , to one side of the house , be a terrace , dominate by a monumental fountain . beside the fountain be robbie and cecilia glaring at each other . as briony watch , robbie stretch out a hand and say something , as if issue a command . in response , although she expression be mutinous , cecilia immediately kick off she shoe , unbutton and remove she blouse and strip off she skirt , so that she 's stand before robbie in she underwear . briony gasp and step back from the window . the wasp buzze frantically . when she return , robbie be stand motionless by the fountain and cecilia have disappear . then , suddenly , the surface of the water break and cecilia emerge from the fountain . she pick up she clothes , turn she back on robbie and pull they on to she still drip body . then she bend and rise again , this time hold a previously invisible vase of flower , and stride off back towards the house . robbie , leave by the fountain , reach out a hand and lay it on the surface of the water . briony lower the sash with a bang , liberate the wasp . ext . wood . day . CUT back in time . cecilia , with a armful of wild flower , run through the wood , enjoy the sheer exhilaration of movement . there be not a cloud in the sky . ext ./ int . nursery . day . close on briony , see through the window , stare out . ext . wood . day . CUT back in time . cecilia run on through the wood . int . hallway . day . cecilia cross the hall , as the twins come clatter and shouting down the stair . jackson can we go for a swim please , cecilia ? cecilia I do not see why not , as long as you do not go near the deep end . and the twins rush away as cecilia step into the draw room . int . / ext . drawing -room . day . cecilia cross to the window . outside , robbie be stand roll himself a cigarette . cecilia go over to a cherry - wood table , where there 's a early 18th - century meissen vase . she drop the flower untidily into it and pull out a crush packet of cigarettes , which turn out to be empty . she glance back out of the window , pick up the vase , check she reflection in the mirror and stride out towards the terrace . ext . terrace . day . cecilia speak a little sharply , startling robbie . cecilia can you do I one of you bolshevik roll -up ? 10 . she do not stop ; and he follow she , make the cigarette as she head across the lawn towards the fountain . cecilia beautiful day . robbie I suppose so . too hot for I . they move on in silence . robbie how be you enjoy you book ? cecilia not at all . robbie it get better . cecilia I would rather read field any day . much more ... passionate . cecilia suddenly feel awkward and hasten to change the subject . cecilia Leon 's come down today , do you know ? robbie I have hear a rumour . cecilia he 's bring a friend with he . this Paul Marshall . the chocolate millionaire . robbie be the flower for he ? cecilia why should not they be ? Leon say he 's very charming . they reach the fountain : cecilia put the vase down on the top step lead up to it . robbie hand she the cigarette and light it . they obviously know one another very well ; yet there 's some definite , perceptible constraint between they . there 's more than a hint of accusation in what cecilia say next . 11 . cecilia the Old man telephone last night . he say you be plan to be a doctor . robbie I be think about it , yes . cecilia another six year of student life ? robbie how else do you become a doctor ? cecilia you could get a Fellowship now , could not you ? with you first . robbie but I do not want to teach ... he break off , look away for a moment ; then turn back to she . robbie I say I have pay you father back . cecilia that 's not what I mean at all . there 's a edge of real hostility in she voice . she put she cigarette between she lip and bend to pick up the vase , prepare to dunk it in the fountain , have first take out the flower and laid they on the step . robbie let I do that . cecilia I be all right , thanks . but robbie persist , reach for the vase . robbie you take the flower . cecilia I be all right ! he get hold of the vase , just as cecilia turn away ; and with the crisp sound of a dry twig snap , two triangular section of the rim of the vase detach themselves in he hand . in he 12 . shock , he let they go ; and they drop into the fountain and sink slowly , spiralling to the bottom , almost three foot down . cecilia look at he , horrify . cecilia you idiot ! you realise this be probably the most valuable thing we own . robbie not any more , it be not . the hint of truculence in he voice serve to agitate cecilia even more . she set the vase down . then straighten up , aware that robbie have begin to unbutton he shirt . she take a step towards he , then , confusedly , a step back . robbie , afraid she 's go to step on the vase , throw out a restrain hand , a gesture so abrupt as to seem peremptory . robbie careful ! cecilia 's response be to kick off she shoe and , in front of robbie 's transfix gaze , to strip down to she underwear . then she step over the lip of the fountain and lower herself into it . she gasp at the unexpectedly cold water , but do not hesitate to plunge she face beneath the surface . robbie , watch , unable to look away , he expression a queasy mixture of fear and long . cecilia 's hair fantail out across the surface of the water . underwater . day . cecilia reach down to the bottom of the basin and carefully retrieve the two triangular shard of porcelain . ext . terrace . day . cecilia lay the two piece of pottery down by the vase and , with she back to robbie , scramble back into she clothes . then she gather up she sandal , tuck they under she arm , pick up the pottery fragment and put they in she skirt pocket , take up the vase of flower and march back towards the house . robbie stand there , watch she go . then he reach out a hand and lay it on the surface of the water , as if to calm it . 13 . ext ./ int . nursery . day . briony , see through the window , close it and stay where she be for a moment , stare out . then she turn back into the room and cross it , grab up she notebook . ext . pergola . day . briony stride through the rise - cover pergola , move away from the house . ext . tallis house drive . day . a cream - coloured roll - royce make its stately way up the drive . int . / ext . cecilia 's bedroom . day . cecilia 's room be heroically untidy . the bed be unmade , the floor be litter with papers , clothes , and open book , the ashtray be overflow and the dress - table be a disaster area . cecilia herself sit , painting she toenail , when she hear the SOUND of the approach motor . she cross to the window gingerly , so as not to ruin she nail polish . in the distance she see robbie stride across the lawn on he way down to the lodge , where he life with he mother . the roll - royce slow and stop alongside robbie and the passenger lean out to speak to he . cecilia frown in obvious annoyance . cecilia no need to encourage he . int . hallway . day . the two young man , leon tallis , 25 , and he friend paul marshall , 28 , surge into the house , follow by danny hardman , struggle with they suitcase . leon cee ! mother ! he turn to danny . leon where be everyone , Danny ? danny dunno , sir . leon I be gasp for a drink . 14 . he step into the draw room . danny , still with the luggage , follow confusedly . int . drawing room . day . leon be move over to the drink table . leon will you have one ? marshall Rather . leon Whisky ? marshall please . as leon fix the drink , cecilia burst into the room . cecilia Leon ! leon take she in he arm . leon here she be ! cecilia oh , I have miss you . I have be go completely doolally up here . leon turn to include marshall . leon this be my sister , cecilia ; Paul Marshall . marshall I have hear a awful lot about you . cecilia likewise . 15 . leon where be we put he ? cecilia turn to danny . cecilia in the blue room . danny start off up the stair , then stop , look gormless . cecilia mother 's lie down , she 's get one of she migraine . leon not surprised , this heat . cecilia look up at danny , somewhat irritate . cecilia the big room next to the nursery . danny set off , grunt with effort . cecilia be the Old man stay in town ? leon look like it . there 's some sort of rush on at the Ministry . int . emily tallisn bedroom . day . emily be on she bed in she darken room , propped up against two pillow , she eye protect by a eyeshade , cool by a electric fan that whir on she bedside table . from the nursery come the regular thud of a bounce rubber ball . emily sigh and push up she eyeshade . int . nursery . day . the twins be sit in they still wet bathing suit , bounce a rubber ball against the wall . lola lie on the couch , flick through a fashion magazine . pierrot so be not we do the play ? 16 . lola no . jackson why not ? lola do not ask I . pierrot I do not like it here . ext . lake . day . on the lake float a white pontoon . cecilia be wear a white one - piece swimsuit and nursing a glass of punch . marshall and leon be also in bathing suit . we be look at cecilia , lie on the diving board in the blind heat , as marshall 's dron voice nibble at the edge of she attention . marshall and currently we main challenge be whether or not to launch the new amo bar , the Army amo . you see , pass the amo ! cecilia turn she head to look at he for a moment . marshall my source at the Ministry of Defence - I use to clean he shoe at harrow , so he 's very reliable - assure I we have a good chance of get the amo bar include in the standard - issue ration pack . which mean I have have to open at least three more factory , more if they bring in conscription , which I have say be bound to happen if herr Hitler do not pipe down - and he 's about as likely to do that as buy share in Marks and spencer , would not you agree ? cecilia 's be make a valiant effort to seem interested ; now she take a sip of she punch . cecilia this be not very good . 17 . marshall I make a cocktail with rum , crush ice , and melt dark chocolate . absolutely scrumptious ! cecilia manage to catch leon 's eye and make a discreet vomit face ; leon be oblige to rise to he foot to conceal a irresistible burst of silent laughter . to recover , he turn away to speak to cecilia . leon guess who we meet on the way in ? cecilia Robbie . leon I tell he to join we tonight . cecilia Leon ! you do not ! leon ( to Marshall ) so Robbie the housekeeper 's son , whose father do a bunk twenty year ago , get a scholarship to the local grammar and the Old man put he through Cambridge ; go up at the same time as cee and for three year she hardly speak to he ! she would not let he within a mile of she roedean chum . cecilia anyone get a cigarette ? marshall produce a gold case , bring it over to cecilia and light the cigarette she 's take . leon do not know what the hell he 's do this day , mess about in flower bed ... cecilia be stand on the diving board now . cecilia as a matter of fact he 's plan on do a medical degree . leon and the Old man say yes to that ? 18 . cecilia look , I think you ought to go down to the lodge and ask he not to come . leon why ? have something happen between you ? cecilia oh , for God 's sake . cecilia dive into the lake . underwater . day . cecilia swim by , powerful underwater breast-stroke . int . bathroom in the lodge . day . robbie surface in he bath : he settles back , brood , look up at a skylight , a small pane of glass directly above he , a square of bright blue sky , through which fly a raf plane . int . nursery . day . lola , pierrot and jackson be hang about aimlessly , already at a loss as to what to do . jackson when can we go home ? lola soon . pierrot we can not go home : it 's a divorce ! lola how dare you say that ? pierrot well , it 's true . lola grab pierrot by the shoulder and shake he . lola you will never ever use that word again . do you understand ? pierrot nod miserably . eventually , jackson break the silence . 19 . jackson now what be we go to do ? marshall ( 0.s. ) I be always ask myself that . they be all startle by paul marshall 's sudden appearance in the doorway . he advance into the room , hand extend . marshall my name 's Paul Marshall . and you must be the cousin from the north . what be you name ? they tell he , as he shake hand with they . marshall what marvellous name . jackson do you know we parent ? marshall well , I have read about they in the paper . this cause consternation , from which lola be the first to recover . lola what exactly have you read about they ? marshall realize it may be time to back -pedal . marshall oh , I do not know . usual sort of nonsense . lola i’1l thank you not to talk about this in front of the child . marshall turn to the twins and speak with glutinous solemnity . marshall you parent be absolutely wonderful people , that 's quite clear and they love you and think about you all the time . lola 's expression change ; he 's successfully appease she and follow swiftly through with a compliment . marshall jolly nice slack . lola smooth they down , visibly pleased . lola we go up to see a show and get they at Liberty 's . marshall what be the show ? lola hamlet . marshall ah , yes : to be or not to be . lola I like you shoe . marshall tilt he brown and white co-respondent shoe , self - satisfied . marshall ducker 's in the turl . they make a ... wooden thing shape like you foot and keep it for ever . pierrot I be starve , when 's dinner ? marshall I might be able to help you out , if you can guess what I do for a live . jackson you have get a chocolate factory . pierrot everyone know that . marshall ah , so it be not a guess . 20 . serenely he take a slab of something wrap in greaseproof paper out of he pocket and unwrap it to reveal a shell of khaki sugar which he tap with he fingernail . 21 . marshall there 'il be one of this provide in every kitbag of every soldier in the british Army . sugar case so it will not melt . pierrot why should they get free sweet ? marshall because they will be fight for they country . jackson we daddy say there be not go to be a war . marshall you daddy be wrong . he 's snap at the boy , and now smile wolfishly in a attempt to make amend . marshall we be call it the Army amo . lola amo ama amat . marshall top mark . pierrot it 's boring how everything end in 0 . polo and aero . jackson and oxo and brillo . marshall sound as if you do not want it then . I shall have to give it to you sister . which he do . she take it , smile triumphantly at the disappointed twins . she glance flirtatiously at marshall , who watch with frank interest as she wrap she lip around the end of the bar . his voice be soft and breathy . marshall bite it . you have to bite it . 22 . ext . grotto . day . Beyond the formal lawn at the bottom of the garden be a old crumble grotto . this be briony 's place : she sit in the shade , scribbling furiously in she notebook . briony ( v.o. ) the princess be aware of he remorseless wickedness , but that make it no easier to overcome the voluminous love she feel for Sir romulus ... the princess know instinctively that the one with red hair be not to be trust ... as he young ward dive into the depth of the lake in search of the enchant chalice , Sir romulus twirle he luxuriant moustache ... Sir romulus ride north with he two companion , draw ever closer to a effulgent sea ... so heroic in manner he appear , so valiant in word , no one could guess at the darkness lurking in the black heart of Sir romulus turnbull : he be the most dangerous man in the world . int . robbie 's study / bedroom in the lodge . day . robbie sit at he typewriter , pensive . his tiny room be stuff full of book ; open on he desk be a copy of gray anatomy . he read back what he 's just write . robbie dear cecilia , I think I should write to apologize for my clumsy and inconsiderate behaviour ... he sigh , pull the paper out of the typewriter , crumple it up and throw it in the waste - paper basket , where it join other reject draft . int . cecilia 's bedroom . day . cecilia be study herself in the full - length mirror . she 's wear a black dress and a jet necklace . with a profound sigh , she shake she head and let the dress fall to the floor . 23 . on SOUND : the final duet of Act 1 of La boheme . int . robbie' study / bedroom . day . the music be on robbie 's gramophone . he lean back , wrenching the paper out of the typewriter , again , crumpling it and throw it in the waste- paper basket . a series of jump cut : robbie move over to the gramophone , stand a moment listen to the climax of the duet , pick up the arm and move the needle back to replay the high note . he pace he small room . he feed another sheet of paper into the typewriter , stub out he cigarette , pull the sheet out of the typewriter and start again . decisively , he begin to type . as he type , the word appear on the paper : '' in my dream I kiss you cunt , you sweet wet cunt . in my thought I make love to you all day long . Robbie . '' robbie sit back with a small gasp and laugh ; he 's surprised himself . then he pull the page out of the typewriter , set it down on Gray 's anatomy , push the typewriter aside and reach for some notepaper and a fountain pen . after a pause for reflection , he unscrew the pen and start write . he write : '' dear cecilia ... '' robbie ( v.o. ) «+. you would be forgiven for think I mad - the way I act this afternoon . int . cecilia' bedroom . day . cecilia be now wear a green halter - neck evening gown and the jet necklace have be replace with a rope of pearl . a couple of other dress lie on the floor beside the reject black dress . robbie ( v.o. ) the truth be , I feel rather light - head and foolish in you presence , cee , and I do not think I can blame the heat . will you forgive I ? Robbie . cecilia fix on a diamond hair-clip , contemplate she reflection for a moment , this time with satisfaction and leave the room . 24 . int . stair / front room . lodge . day . robbie come downstairs in a vest , carry a shoe brush and a pair of black brogue . his mother , grace turner , whom we have already encounter in the tallis kitchen , be sit in the front room with she eye close , she foot up and she slipper dangle from she toe . robbie spread out a double page of the Daily sketch , before sit to polish he shoe . grace off out , then ? robbie yes ; Leon ask I to join they for dinner . grace so that 's why I have be polish the silver all afternoon . robbie I 'il think of you when I see my face in the spoon . he stand up . grace watch he for a moment . grace you be not a bit like you father . not in any way . robbie that 's because I be all yours . robbie kiss he mother 's forehead . robbie I all be late . grace you shirt be hang upstairs . robbie start to leave . grace Son ? robbie yes ? grace nothing . 25 . int . robbie' study / bedroom . dusk . robbie , rush now , do up the front of he shirt and at the same time find a envelope , fold he letter , look for he cigarette case , put the letter in the envelope and seal it . he put he jacket on , test he lighter three time and leave the room . ext . lodge & park . dusk . robbie leave the bungalow , impeccable in he evening dress , the envelope in he hand and a spring in he step ; he look for all the world like a young man with a glorious future . ext . driveway . dusk . robbie walk down the drive towards the tallis house , he letter still in he hand . he come to a monumental bridge that cross a small stream . below he see a figure at the water 's edge , slashing at nettle with a hazel switch . robbie briony ? be that you ? briony turn , obviously startle and straighten she hair . robbie be you all right ? briony nod , she face flush . robbie do you think you could do I a favour ? briony scramble up the slope to join robbie . robbie could you run ahead and give this to cee ? I would feel a bit of a fool hand it over myself . briony all right . she take the envelope from he , turn and run off without another word . he start to roll himself a cigarette . robbie watch she go , leave the drive to take a short cut across the grass , run all the way . 26 . suddenly robbie gasp , as if punch in the solar plexus , and let drop the making of the cigarette . robbie briony . ext . garden . dusk . but briony be out of earshot , run across the garden , clutching the envelope . int . robbie 's study / bedroom . day . CUT back in time . again robbie test he lighter three time and leave the room . but this time the camera pan back to robbie 's desk and move in on the hand - write letter , still lie on he copy of Gray 's anatomy . ext . driveway . dusk . robbie , panicked now , cup he hand around he mouth and yell at the top of he voice : robbie briony ! int . hallway . dusk . briony run into the hall and stand for a moment , alone . then , impulsively , she rip open the letter , stuff the envelope into she pocket and read . the SOUND of a typewriter , build to : int . robbie' study / bedroom . day . the hammer of robbie 's typewriter in extreme close - up , crash down with the word : c-u-n-t int . hallway . dusk . wide on briony , a tiny figure isolate in the vast hall , transfix by what she 's just read . 27 . int . drawing room . dusk . cecilia and leon , both hold gin-and - tonic , sit in a window seat overlook the garden . cecilia I suppose he 's what you might call eligible . leon Rather ! cecilia he certainly seem to think he 's the cat 's pyjamas . which be odd , consider he have pubic hair grow out of he ear . leon snort with laughter . cecilia I imagine he have give you a lot of very noisy bonehead son . leon he 's quite a good egg , actually . cecilia you say that about everyone . leon 's face light up as briony burst into the room ; he go into he Arthur askey impersonation . leon Rummy , if it be not my little sis ! briony thrust the letter into cecilia 's hand without a word and fling herself into leon 's embrace . briony I write a play , Leon . I want to do a play for you , the trial of arabella . close on cecilia as she unfold the letter and read . she blushes hotly , look up to make sure she shock have not be observe and bow she head to read it again . leon there 's still time , do not have to be this evening . 28 . briony no , it 's impossible ! cecilia briony ? briony completely ignore cecilia , pretend to hang on leon 's every word . leon tell you what , I be good at voice and you be even better . we 'il read it out after dinner . cecilia briony , do you read this letter ? briony yes , let 's , that 's a wonderful idea ! cecilia briony ... cecilia 's about to speak , but she 's interrupt by the sudden appearance of paul marshall , who 's carry a silver tray , on which stand five cocktail glass contain a sludgy brown liquid . he have a faint scratch run down he right check . marshall here we be , my chocktail ; I insist you try it . briony try to take advantage of this to slip out of the room ; but cecilia grab hold of she arm and hiss at she . cecilia be not there a envelope ? briony wriggle free and hurry out of the room . int . briony 's bedroom . dusk . briony , not yet change , pace restlessly up and down , try to make sense of the event of the evening . there 's a light tap on the door and she look up , very surprised to see lola . lola do you mind if I come in ? before briony can answer , lola come in and perches on the edge of the bed ; she expression be tragic . she 's dress for dinner and wear make - up and lipstick . 29 . lola I have have the most appall evening . the twin have be torture I . look . she pull up a sleeve to reveal a blue bruise on she upper arm . briony how awful ! as she speak she notice lola 's wrist be blotched and sore - look ; she reach out to take it . briony chinese burn ? lola that 's right . briony but why ? lola be beginning to weep softly , in the presence of briony 's obvious sympathy . lola they want to go home . they think it 's I keep they here . briony lola , can I tell you something ? something really terrible ? lola yes , please . briony what 's the worst word you can possibly imagine ? ext . lawn / terrace . dusk . robbie approach the tower bulk of the house , drag he foot . he look up at the light window and come to a halt outside the front door , not at all sure he can bring himself to proceed . finally , he take a deep breath and tug at the bell - pull . int . briony 's bedroom . dusk . lola seem to have make a complete recovery . she 's stare at briony in undisguise fascination . lola he 's a sex-maniac ! briony nod seriously , struggle to find the correct mature response . briony that 's right . lola what 's cecilia go to do ? from below , a ring on the doorbell . briony I do not know . lola you ought to call the police . briony do you think so ? lola he say he think about it ' all day long . 's all you need do be show they the letter . briony you will not tell anyone , will you ? promise . lola I promise . briony if he find out , there 's no know what he might do . lola you be right . briony you would better tidy you face . I have still get to change . lola go to the door , turn back in the doorway . 31 . lola thanks , briony , you be a brick . she leave the room . int . staircase and hallway . night . briony , now change for dinner , cross the landing and start down the last section of staircase lead to the hall . as she reach the bottom step , she notice a diamond hair- clip lie in front of the door to the library . she cross to the hair - clip and pick it up . a moment later she hear a low moan , recognizably cecilia 's voice , come from behind the door . int . library . night . briony open the door quietly and stand , frame in the doorway , peer apprehensively in . the library be cavernous and dark , line with floor - to- ceiling bookshelve . the only light come from a desk lamp that point directly into briony 's eye . silence . briony take a tentative couple of step into the room . as she do so , there 's a sound from the far corner . cecilia ( 0.s. ) ( whisper ) someone 's come in . briony edge closer and suddenly , reveal in the corner , freeze against the bookshelve , be robbie and cecilia . robbie , who have one of cecilia 's wrist pin against the wall , appear to be attack cecilia , while cecilia have a hand round he head , grip a handful of hair . briony , bewilder , stop by the desk . briony cecilia ? SOUND of a doorbell . ext . tallis house . dusk . CUT back in time . close on robbie 's hand , tug at the bell - pull . when the door open , it 's cecilia , the fold letter in she hand . 32 . robbie it be a mistake . cecilia briony read it . robbie oh God . I be so sorry . it be the wrong version . cecilia yes . robbie no one be ever mean to ... cecilia no. int . hallway . night . cecilia turn away and move briskly towards the library . robbie , after a second 's hesitation , follow she , almost step on the hair- clip which have drop from she hair . int . library . night . it 's dark in the library . robbie wait in the doorway , until cecilia have switch on the desk - lamp ; then he close the door behind he and advance tentatively into the room . cecilia cross almost the full width of the room , before turn to face he . cecilia what be in the version I be mean to read ? robbie I do not know , it be more formal , it be less ... cecilia anatomical ? robbie yes . cecilia do not know whether to laugh or cry . robbie begin to inch towards she as she begin to back gradually into a dark corner , until she 's up against the bookshelve . 33 . cecilia it 's be there for week and then this morning by the fountain ... I have never do anything like that before and I be so angry with you , and with myself . I think if you go away to medical school , I have be happy . I do not know how I could have be so ignorant about myself . so stupid . tear well in she eye . he 's move closer and closer . cecilia you do know what I be talk about , do not you ? you know before I do . robbie why be you cry ? cecilia do not you know ? robbie yes , I know exactly . he reach out and draw she to he , until they face be inch apart . he kiss she briefly and pull back ; then they look at each other and kiss again , this time a long , passionate and breathless kiss , that draw from cecilia a fall , sighing sound . he push she back into the corner and she start tear at he shirt , pull at he waistband . he bury he face in she breast and she drag he head up by the hair and bite he lip . she link she hand around he neck . he reach down under she dress and into she underwear . she kick off she shoe and he raise one of she foot on to the lowest shelf . he undoe he button , lift she dress and enter she . she turn she head sharply , bite she lip . they stop move and slowly turn to look into each other 's eye . then , after a long , still pause they whisper to one another , barely audible . cecilia Robbie . robbie cecilia . cecilia I love you . robbie I love you . 34 . she gasp as he start move again , crush she against the creak shelf . he take she wrist and hold it back against the wall . the door open . cecilia and robbie freeze . cecilia ( whisper ) someone 's come in . briony cecilia ? cecilia do not answer . robbie step back from cecilia and begin adjust he clothes , keep he back to briony . cecilia tidy herself up , step out from behind robbie and push past briony without a word . briony watch she leave the room , at a loss , then turn back , startle , as she sense robbie turn towards she . she take a step back , frighten ; but he merely fumble with he bow - tie and , stare coldly past she , leave the room . int . dine room . night . briony enter the dining room to find robbie hold cecilia 's chair for she to sit . also around the table be leon , marshall , lola and , at the top of the table , emily . danny hardman be rather sloppily pour wine for leon , whilst leer across the table at lola . leon in Charlotte Street last week , people be sit out have dinner on the pavement . emily it be always the view of my parent that hot weather encourage loose moral . in high summer my sister and I be never allow out of the house . leon what do you say , cee ? do the hot weather make you behave badly ? cecilia flush red , take by surprise . leon good heaven , you be blush . cecilia it 's just hot in here , that 's all . 35 . emily lola , wipe that lipstick off . you be far too young . leon what about you , briony ? what sin have you commit today ? briony , now seat , look across at he indignantly . briony I have do nothing wrong . she turn to look meaningfully at robbie and cecilia . meanwhile emily speak to lola , emily have you see the twin recently ? lola er...no . follow some nervous impulse , robbie suddenly find himself join in the conversation . robbie they do not look very happy last time I see they , poor little chap . briony you know nothing about it . emily I can not imagine what 's get into you , briony . I have never know you be so rude . cecilia dab she lip with a napkin to find a tiny spot of blood . briony well , they be not poor little chap : just look what they do to lola ! emily what be you talk about ? briony Jackson and pierrot . bruise she arm , give she chinese burn . marshall she 's quite right , I be afraid , I have to pull they off she . 36 . he indicate the scratch on he cheek . marshall that 's how I get my war wound . emily the twin do that ? lola ? lola do not reply . marshall it all turn into a bit of a wrestle . still , no harm do , eh , lola ? emily would you go and find this boy please , briony ? tell they dinner 's ready and where be they manners . briony why do I have to go ? emily briony , you will do as you be tell or you will go straight to you room . briony rise from the table , she expression mutinous ; emily turn to inspect lola 's arm . under the table , cecilia reach for robbie 's hand . int . twins 's room . night . briony switch the light on and be surprised to find the room empty . there 's a large rag piece of paper on one of the bed . as briony move towards it , she see it 's head in big red capital : to whom it may concern . she reach for it . int . staircase and hallway . night . briony come fly down the stair , the piece of paper in she hand . int . dine room . night . all head turn as briony fling open the door . cecilia let go of robbie 's hand . briony it 's a letter ! 37 . cecilia immediately panic . cecilia give it here . then she see what 's in briony 's hand and relax ; briony , meanwhile , be advance towards the head of the table . briony they have run away . emily who have ? briony the twin . briony read from the piece of paper . briony '' we be go to run away because lola be so horrid to we and we want to go home . also there be not a play . '' she hand the sheet of paper to emily . lola have go pale . marshall not to worry , we will send out some search party , they can not have go far . leon cee , you come with I . cecilia manage to catch robbie 's eye and half - shrug , as if to say it can not be help . ext / int . terrace / drawing room . night . briony come out on to the terrace ; she hesitates a moment and then move off into the darkness . wide shot : the house with torch beam fan out across the grounds . voice call out the twin 's name . ext . lake . night . briony cross the small bridge that cross from the bank of the lake to the small island , she torch switch on . 38 . see what might be the flash of another torch in the distance , she stop and listen . ext . boat house . night . briony come down a narrow stone alley and peer into the watery darkness under the boat house . suddenly , a duck splashes away from under a boat , startling she . ext . grotto . night . briony climb down the steep step into the bowl of the grotto . then , once again , she hesitates and slow to a standstill . suddenly , out of the darkness , there 's a painful gasp ; and briony whirl round , point she torch . for a fraction of a second there 's a image of lola , on all four , she dress hike up and a tall male figure , kneel behind she . briony drop she torch in shock ; it shine up in she eye , blind she , so that the man , rise to he full height , turn and scramble away up the bank , disappear before she can pull herself together . lola 's voice break the silence . lola briony ? briony pick up the torch and shine it at lola , who by now be in a sit position . she hurry over to join lola , drop to she knee beside she . briony lola . be you all right ? lola I be sorry , I do not , I be sorry ... briony put she arm round lola 's bony shoulder ; she seem strangely invigorate . briony who be it ? lola do not answer . she 's sit up now , she arm wrap round she knee , rock slightly . they talk in whisper . briony I see he . I see he . lola yes. 39 . briony it be he , be not it ? lola yes . it be he . briony lola ... who be it ? lola do not answer . silence . briony it be Robbie , be not it ? briony Robbie . lola you see he . briony like you say , he 's a sex maniac . and you do not even know what happen before dinner . I catch he attack my sister in the library . I do not know what he have have do , if I have not come in ... lola you actually see he . briony of course I do . plain as day . lola he come up behind I . he push I to the ground and then he put he hand over my eye . I could not actually , I never actually ... briony listen , I have know he all my life . and I see he . lola because I could not say for sure . briony well , I can . and I will . 40 . int . hall . night . leon cross the hall with lola limp in he arm , follow closely by briony and cecilia . he speak to emily in a urgent undertone . leon call the police . and she will be need a doctor as well . int . drawing room . night . as the party surge into the room , follow leon , lola burst into noisy tear , which continue as leon lay she down on one of the sofa and emily try to comfort she . emily it 's all right , dear , you be all right now . cecilia be Robbie back ? emily I have not see he . all this be very fast and chaotic : then briony , who 's stand just inside the french window , make a quiet announcement . briony I know who it be . int . library . night . briony , she face sharply light against the dark library wall , be be interrogate by a stony - face plain clothes inspector . emily be scarcely visible . he rattles out the question intimidatingly ; but briony 's answer be firm and unhesitate . inspector you see he , then ? briony yes , I see he . inspector just as you see I . briony I know it be he . 41 . inspector you know it be he , or you see he ? briony yes , I do . I see he . inspector with you own eye ? briony yes . I see he , I see he with my own eye . emily rest a comforting hand on she daughter 's shoulder . emily well do , darling . ext . terrace . night . cecilia pace on the terrace , draw hard on she cigarette , as she peer out into the darkness , look for robbie . int . landing . night . briony hesitates outside cecilia 's room , then try the door gingerly . it 's dark in the room . int . cecilia 's bedroom . night . briony step into the room , close the door , turn on the light , cross to cecilia 's dress table , open one of the drawer and begin to rummage around in it . we pass through the wall into - int . lolan bedroom . night . - lola 's bedroom , where lola , be be examine by a doctor , watch by betty the cook . int . cecilia 's bedroom . night . briony continue to rummage , open cecilia 's desk . 42. int . library . night . cecilia be be interrogate : as with briony , she 's brightly light , the inspector and emily be in shadow . cecilia my brother and I find the two of they , down by the lake . inspector you do not see anyone else ? cecilia I would not necessarily believe everything briony tell you ; she 's very fanciful . cecilia '’s bedroom . night . briony throw back the cover on cecilia 's bed and find , there on the rumple sheet , what she 's look for . cecilia 's handbag and in it robbie 's letter . int . library . night . danny hardman be be interrogate . he 's flustered , almost tearful . danny when they go look , I go up to my dad 's . I do , honest .. inspector why be that ? danny to tell he all about it . int . library . night . close on the letter as emily read it , the inspector wait in the background . briony I know I should not have open it . emily no . you should not . but at least you have do the right thing now . 43 . int . drawing room . night . tea be be serve to the various police officer . marshall be on one of the sofa , fast asleep , he mouth open . leon , sit isolate in a armchair , sigh and consult he watch . briony sit at the piano . suppress a yawn , she reach forward and plonk on one of the note two or three time . at the window , cecilia have see something . a wider shot reveal a constable step into the room . constable Sir , there 's someone come . ext . terrace . night . cecilia emerge from the house to join emily , briony , leon , marshall and the three policemen all of whom be watch , motionless , the approach of a strange apparition through the mist : which eventually reveal itself as robbie , with pierrot on he shoulder and jackson , cling on to he hand . emily speak sharply to briony . emily it 's time you go to bed . briony but ... emily now . obediently , briony turn and vanish into the house . robbie , closer now , stop in he track as he become aware of the policemen . int . briony 's bedroom . night . briony be awake , cry into she pillow silently . she stop , hearing the sound of a car start , and jump out of bed . int / ext . landing / staircase / drive . night . briony run across the landing and jump up on to a window ledge to look out . below be a police humber with all four door open . 44 . then robbie appear , he wrist handcuff in front of he , move between the two constable . one of they round the car to get into the back seat . robbie stop suddenly and turn back towards the house . at the same time , emily 's voice ring out . emily ( 0.s. ) cecilia ! briony crane forward to try to see what 's happen . cecilia , ignore she mother , run to robbie . robbie move towards she , catch the constable off guard for a second ; she catch hold of robbie 's lapel and whisper into he ear . the constable arrive and disengage she hand , gently but firmly , then lead robbie to the car and push he down into the back seat . cecilia burst into tear , as the door close . the car begin to pull away from the house . visible through the back window , as he twist round to look over he shoulder , be the shocked , white face of robbie . the car be only about twenty yard away from the house , when it 's oblige to slow down by the irate figure of grace turner , clutching a umbrella , march down the very centre of the drive . as the car pass she and before it can accelerate away , she bring the umbrella down with a great crash on the shine paintwork , roaring out at the top of she voice : grace liar ! liar ! liar ! briony 's p.o.v. : cecilia stand motionless , isolate below on the driveway . tracking shot : the camera slowly close in on briony 's eye , unblink at the window . int . barn . night . robbie turner , in a private 's uniform , be a good deal thin than when we last see he , pale and unshaven . he 's with two corporal in the loft of a french barn : tommy nettle , a young , skinny cockney and frank mace , a giant of a man , black , with a once - white bandage round he large head , hold a patch over one eye . he 's stuff sack with straw to make rough mattress , while nettle try to light a stub of candle . a caption : northern FRANCE , 1940 . 45 . nettle .«+. so I say to he : '' you can sit round here twiddle you thumb , wait to get you head blow off if you want to , I be off out of it '' ... robbie ssh . he 's hear footstep approach the barn . nettle and mace reach for they rifle and robbie take out a revolver . two figure appear in the doorway , carry something , possibly weapon , it 's too dark to tell . voice bonsoir , messieur . robbie bonsoir . he whisper to the corporal robbie let I do this . voice anglais ? belge ? robbie anglais . voice on a quelque choose pour vous . ( we have something for you . ) robbie quoi ? ( what ? ) mace what 's he game ? robbie he say he 's get something for we . nettle Fucking hell . the two frenchmen take another step and robbie and the corporal release they safety catch . 46 . voice laissez vos arme ! ( put away you gun . ) robbie vous aussi ! ( put away yours ! ) voice attendez ! ( wait ! ) one of the frenchmen reach in he pocket and bring out a torch , which he use to reveal that the two of they be carry loaf and bottle . the two frenchmen be obviously brother and in they fifty . 1st frenchman ou a du manger pour vous . du pain , du sucre ... ( we have some food for you . some bread , some sugar . ) 2nd frenchman et du vin ! ( and some wine ! ) 1st frenchman vive 1 's angleterre . robbie er , vive la France . later . the two frenchmen sit in the loft with robbie , mace and nettle , circulate the wine bottle . 2nd frenchman qu’est - ce que vous faite ici ? ( what be you do here ? ) robbie tout au commencement de la retraite , il y avait un attaque de panzer et j'ai été séparé de mar section . ( when the retreat start , panzer attack and I be separate from my unit . ) 1st frenchman ah , c’est vrai , 1l ’armée anglaise se retire . ( so it 's true , the English be retreate . ) 47 . robbie on va disparaitre , avant qu 'o fait jour . ( we will be go at first light . ) 1st frenchman on s’est battu toute ces annéée , tant de gen sont mort . maintenant les allemand sont de nouveau en France . ( we fight all that year , lose all that dead . now the Germans be back in France . ) robbie on va revenir . on va les chasser . c’est promis . ( we will come back . we ’1ll throw they out . I promise you . ) later . below , the frenchmen smile and wave . 1st frenchman bonne chance ! ( good luck ! ) they disappear into the night . nettle turn to robbie . nettle come on , then . how come a toff like you , talk french and everything , end up a private ? robbie hesitates , then decide to be forthcoming . robbie not eligible for officer training if you join direct from prison . nettle you be pull my tit . robbie no , I be not : they give I a choice , stay in prison or join the army . they be look at he with increase respect , as he add , quietly : robbie and , for the record , the last thing I be be a toff . he lean back against the wall , lose in think . 48. int . joe lyon corner house in the strand . day . CUT back in time . robbie , in uniform , look through the glass separate the foyer from the café and see cecilia , in she nurse 's uniform , sit at a table near the back . suddenly overcome with nerve , he turn away , face the cloak -room , where he try to get the better of he fear . when he turn back , cecilia , light by a shaft of sunlight , be stand by she table , look at he . robbie push into the cafe and move over to she . for a moment , they stand in awkward silence . robbie I be sorry I be late , I get lose . cecilia hello . robbie hello . a short silence . cecilia shall we sit down ? robbie yes , of course . she 's already order tea and now she pour he a cup . her hand hesitates over the sugar bowl . cecilia I be sorry . I be afraid I can not remember ... robbie two , thank you . he begin stir he tea ; cecilia put a hand over he . a moment pass , then he gently take he hand away . robbie where be you live ? cecilia tiny flat in balham . it 's ghastly . the landlady 's rude and horribly nosey . 49 . robbie you look the same , apart from the uniform of course . cecilia I have to be back at the hospital in half a hour . robbie oh , God , that 's ... he break off , master he dismay . two old lady be gossipe at a nearby table . cecilia I be sorry . robbie no ... have you be in touch with you family ? cecilia I have tell you , I be not go to . Leon come and wait outside the hospital last week . but I just push past he . robbie cee , you do not ... owe I anything . cecilia do not you read my letter ? have they let I visit you , have I be allow ... every day ... I have have be there every day . robbie yes . but if all we have rest on a few moment in the library three and a half year ago , then I be not sure ... I do not know if ... cecilia put she hand on he . cecilia look at I . he do so . he 's close to tear . cecilia come back . come back to I . she reach out and put a hand on he cheek ; he incline he head , hold she hand between he cheek and he shoulder . 50 . int . barn . night . robbie lie awake , hearing the snore of the corporal . a white barn owl sit on a adjacent beam stare at robbie , who 's compose a letter in he mind . robbie ( v.o. ) dearest cecilia ... dearest cecilia ... cecilia ... ext . whitehall . day . CUT back in time . robbie be walk cecilia to the bus stop , through milling crowd , many in uniform , past sandbag pile high in shop entrance . cecilia a friend of mine have a cottage by the coast ; she say we can use it when you be next on leave . White clapboard with blue paint window frame . they look at each other ; then he kiss she , a long , deep kiss . cecilia start to cry . a bus pull up beside they . cecilia hurriedly produce a photograph of the cottage and hand it to robbie . cecilia something to think about while you be away . she tear herself away and scramble aboard the bus . she stand on the platform , look back at robbie and the bus start up and move away . robbie I love you . robbie start to run after the bus , but soon it accelerate away , leave he maroon in the middle of the road , the traffic pass either side of he . 51 . ext . barn . dawn . robbie sit outside the barn in the pearly dawn light . he 's look at the now somewhat batter photograph of the cottage which be attach to a bundle of letter , which he now put back in a inside pocket . then , check to make sure he 's not be watch , he open he shirt to reveal , at he solar plexus , a wound about the size of a old penny . it do not look too bad , just red and sore . but when he press on it , he gasp in pain and the wound release a flow of colourless liquid . ext . field . dawn . the three soldier move across a field , silhouett against the rise sun . they move along the bank of a narrow canal , in which be reflect the shape of three german bomber , pass overhead . nettle some poor sod 's go to catch a packet . ext . STREET in balham . day . CUT back in time . cecilia move briskly down the street with a letter in she hand . cecilia ( v.o . ) my darling , briony find my address somehow and send a letter . the first surprise be she do not go up to Cambridge . she 's do nurse 's training at my old hospital . I think she may be do this as some kind of penance . she say she 's beginning to get the full grasp of what she do and what it mean . she want to come and talk to I . she kiss the letter and post it . cecilia ( v.o. ) I love you . i’1l wait for you . 52 . int . postbox . day . the letter fall on to the pile of other letter . cecilia ( v.o. ) come back . come back to I . robbie ( v.o. ) come back . ext . apple orchard . day . robbie , mace and nettle move cautiously through a mist-shrouded orchard . robbie ( v.o. ) come back . come back . nettle , who 's limping a little , come to a rag halt . nettle where be we go , guv ? he suddenly sit down on the ground and , with a cry of rage , pull off he boot and hurl they into the distance . nettle I fuck hate that boot . I hate they worse than all the fuck Germans put together ! robbie you will have a job get back to England in you sock . robbie trudge off through the tree to retrieve nettle 's boot . he approach the area where he think nettle 's boot might have fall , a little out of sight of the corporal , find the boot , pick they up , wearily remove he tin hat , mop he brow and close he red-rimme eye . when he open he eye again , he notice something , frown and advance a few pace . in a clear in the orchard , lie in neatly organised row , be the corpse of thirty girl , all around 13 , dress in the neat black and white uniform of a convent school . robbie look down at they , appal and move . 53 . ext . river - bank near the tallis house . day . CUT back in time . there 's a natural pool not far from the weir in the river which flow through the wood at the far end of the tallis House grounds . robbie finish dress , pick up a damp towel and emerge from the tree to find briony , still in she swimsuit , stand by the jump - off point , wrap in a towel . robbie come on , pal . you should be get dress . briony if I fall in the river , would you save I ? robbie of course . as robbie bend down to do up he shoelace , there 's a loud splash . he look up . briony have disappear , she towel lie where she stand . horrify , robbie move forward to look down at the river . briony surface for a second , then go under again . she 's drift towards the weir . robbie do not hesitate . he dive into the river . ext . underwater . robbie flounder around in the greenish murk . then he see a flash of white and the bubbles rise round briony 's flail limb . he swim powerfully towards she . ext . river -bank . day . robbie drop briony in the shallow water near the bank and stride ashore , furious . briony , on the other hand , seem delighted . briony thank you , thank you , thank you ... robbie that be a incredibly bloody stupid thing to do . 54 . briony I want you to save I . robbie do not you know how easily you could have drown ? briony you save I . robbie you stupid child ! you could have kill we both ! be that you idea of a joke ? she look at he for a moment , shocked by he tone , but defiant nonetheless . briony I want to thank you for save my life . I will be eternally grateful to you . he stride away angrily , into the wood , leave briony disconsolate amidst the cow parsley . ext . river - bank in FRANCE . day . robbie lead mace and nettle northward beside a broad river . robbie ( v.o. ) the story can resume . we story can resume . I will simply resume . nettle 's insistent voice break into he reverie . nettle let 's see Jerry come and have a go at we in fuck southend . or , better still , trafalgar Square . no one speak the fuck lingo out here . you can not say '' pass the biscuit '' or '' where 's I hand grenade ? '' they just shrug . because they hate we too . I mean , that 's the point . we fight in France and the french fuck hate we . make I Home Secretary , I ’1ll sort this out in a fuck minute . we get India and Africa , right ? Jerry can have France and Belgium and whatever else they want . who 's fuck ever be to Poland ? it 's all about room , empire . ( more ) 55 . nettle ( cont would ) they want more empire . give ’em this shithole , we keep ours , and it 's Bob 's you uncle and fanny 's you fuck aunt . think about it . ext . sluice . dusk . it 's late afternoon and the sun be low in the sky as robbie and the corporal trudge past some kind of sluice which squat across a broad canal . they be approach the outskirt of the industrial quarter of dunkirk , close enough now to see the huge pall of black smoke rise above the town . ext . railway bridge . night . robbie be try to get some sleep under a stone railway bridge , watch by a impassive bullfrog . robbie ( v.o. ) dearest cecilia , the story can resume . ext . beach below white cliff . day . on a desert shingle beach , beneath tower chalk cliff , cecilia sit , look out to sea towards France . robbie ( v.o . ) the one I have be plan on that evening walk . I can become again the man who once walk across a Surrey park at dusk in my best suit , swagger on the promise of life ; the man who , with the clarity of passion , make love to you in the library . the story can resume . ext . industrial quarter . day . the three soldier tramp along between narrow - gauge railway line . robbie ( v.o. ) I will return . find you , love you , marry you , and live without shame . 56 . a wide angle reveal that robbie , mace and nettle be move past a enormous burn steelwork ringed with deep bomb crater , with destroy vehicle at precarious angle . ext . approach to bray dune . day . robbie and he companion move along a straight road between patch of scrub grass , the industrial quarter now behind they . suddenly , robbie raise he head . robbie I can smell the sea . he set off at a run , along a path cut through long grass , mace and nettle labour behind . ext . bray dune . day . robbie scramble up the final steep dune and stop . nettle and mace join he , they jaw drop in amazement . they be look down at a astonish scene . Beyond they , the beach at bray be teeming with soldier , hundred of thousand of man as far as the eye can see . the few ship there be , out on the iron-grey Channel , be almost all capsize or ablaze ; and , most strike of all , what look at first sight like a series of jetty turn out to be column of soldier , six or eight deep , stand out to sea for almost five hundred yard in the shallow water , the close submerge up to they knee , the furthest oblige to hold they rifle up above they tin helmet to keep they dry . the three men watch for a moment in silence , before mace give out a heavy sigh . mace fuck I , it 's like something out the Bible . for once , nettle be at a loss for word . nettle Jesus Christ . robbie shake he head as if to clear it . ext . beach at bray dune . day . robbie wander with the other through what seem like a hallucination . 57 . harness but riderless horse gallop across the sand . a whaler with rag black sail lie fifty yard from the sea . a football game be in progress . a small group of man throw off they clothes and splash into the sea for a swim . another larger group huddle in a bandstand , sing a hymn . a chaplain and he clerk be throw prayer book and bible into a bonfire ; the thin page catch and float into the air like black snowflake . a young soldier of no more than 17 sit quietly look out to sea with tear stream down he face . robbie approach a group of naval officer , as they stride down the beach with a clipboard , try to do a head -count . they keep move briskly throughout the conversation . robbie we have just arrive , Sir . can you tell we what we be suppose to do ? naval officer nothing . just wait . robbie where be the ship ? naval officer a few make it in yesterday but the luftwaffe blow they to buggery . we lose five hundred man when they sink the endurance . and high command in its infinite wisdom be deny we air cover . it 's a disgrace , it 's a fuck disaster . robbie the thing be , I be expect back , you see . naval officer there 's over three hundred thousand man on this beach , private . so you 'il have to wait you turn . just be grateful that you be not wounded , we have have order to leave the wounded behind . nettle pull robbie away , as the naval officer continue up the beach . nettle come on , guv , never trust a sailor on dry land . best off out of it . 58 . robbie move on , daze , through crowd stream across the beach in opposite direction , past gut and blaze vehicle . from up ahead , the SOUND of a gunshot . mace that 's not right . to one side be a detachment of french cavalry , each man dismounted and stand to attention beside he horse . a french officer with a pistol move slowly , almost ceremoniously , down the line , shoot each horse in the head . robbie move on , as another horse go down in the background . he round the back of the beach whaler where a derange soldier be perch up on the mast , furiously wave and shouting at the top of he voice . soldier can you hear I , laddy ? I be come home . the seafront , or what 's leave of it be once a cheerful resort with cafe and little shop . robbie , mace and nettle pass a bandstand and merry - go- round decorate in red , white and blue . Soldiers have open up the cafe and a good portion of they be raucously drunk . some lark about on bike . a solitary sunbather in he underpant lie on a towel . a brawling couple roll down the bank on to the beach . mace climb up on to the gazebo-shaped bandstand where a tight knot of soldier be sing '' dear Lord and Father of mankind '' . then he catch up with robbie and nettle as they plunge on ahead . robbie come on . I have to get something to drink . nettle you need one . you be grey . he turn to mace . nettle he 's go all grey , look . they move on past another group of soldier , disable vehicle with they rifle-butt . then robbie point ahead to where a cinema sit , perch unexpectedly at the top of the beach . 59 . robbie there . come on . he scramble up a wooden stairway and disappear into the cinema , have take one last appraise look out across the raucous inferno of the beach . int . cinema bar . day . robbie push he way through a tight crowd of soldier , who be sing '' the Long and the short and the tall '' with the word change from '' bless ’em all '' to '' fuck ’em all '' . he can not find anything to drink , and , as a brawl start up and bottle begin to fly , he duck through a door at the back . int . backstage area . day . robbie find a tap on the wall in a kind of box-room , cluttere with film cannister ; he try it , but nothing come out . in the background , the song have change to '' the White Cliffs of dover '' , but robbie have hear , under this , the murmur of french dialogue and he move forward to investigate . int . cinema . day . robbie scramble down a ladder and find himself at the foot of a giant screen where the huge face , full of doom melancholy , of Jean Gabin lean forward to kiss the shine lip of michéle Morgan in quai des brume . as Gabin kiss she a second time , robbie , dwarf by the enormous black - and - white image , bury he face in he hand . ext . STREET in bray . night . robbie wander down a rubble - strewn street , between blaze building and vehicle ; nettle , accompany he , cup he hand around he mouth . nettle mace ! mace ! they turn a corner and nettle , demoralise , stop to light a cigarette . nettle hold up , guv . 60 . robbie , look listlessly around , see a elderly frenchwoman step into a shop with shattered window . his interest abruptly arouse , he speak crisply to nettle . robbie wait here . he set off into the shop , leave a bemuse nettle . int . shop . night . robbie move into a kind of parlour off the main shop . he look around ; he 's sweat now and very pale . suddenly , a familiar voice break into he reverie . grace ( 0.s. ) why do not you sit down ? robbie turn to find the reassure figure of grace , he mother , stand in a doorway . gratefully , he sink into a chair . robbie it 's so hot in here . grace take you boot off . later . grace be wash robbie 's foot . they exchange a tender smile . robbie I have to get back . I promise she . to put thing right . and she love I . she 's wait for I . grace look up at he , infinitely understanding . there 's a loud explosion outside . ext . STREET . night . robbie stride out of the shop , carry bread and wine , no longer wear he boot . nettle , who 's sit wait , be oblige to jump to he foot and hurry after he . nettle oi! wait ! nettle catch up with robbie . él . nettle what you do with you boot ? no answer . nettle circle robbie , try to get he attention . nettle you sure you be feel all right ? robbie never better . he move on , frown in concentration . robbie now , I be wonder if the beach really be the best place for dinner . ext . side STREET . night . robbie and nettle turn into a side street , as bomb explode not far away , and the night be light up by flash of artillery . robbie I be not sure , I do not recognise it ... nettle follow , scramble over rubble and bomb debris . he indicate a dark open . nettle this 'il do . down here . robbie no , no , it 's a little further on . nettle what be ? robbie this place I know , a old cottage , white clapboard with blue paint window frame . nettle finally understand he 's delirious and decide to play along with he , whilst manoeuver he towards the entrance of a abandon ice factory . nettle oh , yes , that 's right , that 's where we be go . robbie it 's close to here . 62. nettle we be there . this be it . he succeed in lead robbie into the side entrance of the factory . int . ice factory . night . nettle guide robbie between rank of sleep soldier , arrive at a steel staircase lead down to a cellar . nettle here we be . down here . int . staircase and cellar . night . robbie descend the narrow staircase , nettle follow . the cellar be also crowded , but they reach a empty stretch of wall and nettle start to help robbie off with he pack . as he do so , robbie more or less collapse . nettle it 's all right , guv ’nor . he straighten robbie out and drape a thin blanket over he . nettle that 's right . get you head down . there you go . tuck yourself in . keep yourself warm . nettle hand robbie a chunk of bread . nettle chew on a bit of this but quiet like or they 's 1l1 all be want some . and try and get some sleep . ssh . have calm robbie , nettle settles himself down face he . darkness . then a match flare . it 's robbie : he have the bundle of letter in he hand , and the photograph of the cottage on the coast . SOUND of the sea . slowly the match burn out . montage Key moment from robbie 's past , some familiar , some not , replay , some run backwards . the fragment of meissen fly back up out of the fountain and be - attaches itself to the lip of the vase . 63 . robbie take back the letter he 's hand to briony . the hammer of robbie 's typewriter lift the ink from the page : t- n-u-c , leave clean white paper . robbie , alone , advance through a poppy -field in France , under a blaze sun . robbie ( v.o. ) find you , love you , marry you , and live without shame . the dunkirk cinema be fill with soldier sing '' the White Cliffs of dover . '' as Jean Gabin kiss michéle Morgan , robbie raise he face from he hand . a slow tracking shot find cecilia , in she green evening gown , stand outside the tallis House . robbie 's arrest , play backwards : he back away from the car , break away momentarily from the constable escort he . close on cecilia : she lean forward and whisper into robbie 's ear . cecilia I love you . come back . come back to I . int . cellar . night . robbie come awake with a start ; nettle be gently shaking he . nettle bit too much noise , guv ’nor . robbie noise ? what noise ? nettle you keep shouting . some of the lad be get a bit peeve . robbie try to lift he head but can not . nettle strike a match . nettle Christ . you look a bit rough . 64 . robbie thing be , I have decide to stay ona bit . I be meeting someone . I be always keep she wait . nettle wipe the sweat off robbie 's forehead ; he begin to speak , he voice soothing . nettle now listen , listen to I , guv ’nor . I go out for a Jimmy riddle just now . guess what I see ? they be get themselves sort out down on the beach . the boat be back and a geezer from the buff be march we down at seven . we be away , we be off home , mate ! so get some more sleep and no more of you bleed shouting , all right ? robbie look peaceful . he speak in a crack whisper : robbie I will not say a word . wake I before seven , would you ? thanks so much . you will not hear another word out of I . I promise . fade to black . int . corridor and ward in ST . thomas' hospital . day . a broad , empty hospital corridor , simonize to a improbable gloss . a caption : london , three week earlier . the SOUND of rapid , regular step at the far end of the corridor . then they appear , a group of probationary nurse follow a ward sister , like duckling after they mother . at the back of the group be briony tallis , now eighteen , dress , like the other , in the constrict purple and white tunic of a probationer . sister drummond , a woman in she thirty with a narrow mouth and a quiet but lethal delivery , and she nurse sweep into a long ward with high ceiling and window . 65 . drummond bed castor should be line up and point inwards . I find three yesterday that be not . you know who you be . they keep walk , move fast . drummond which of you be responsible for put away the blanket today ? a amiable - look nurse , fiona avery , pipe up apprehensively . fiona I be , sister . drummond I do not suppose you can tell we what you do wrong . fiona no , sister . drummond label be fold to the inside , be they not ? fiona oh , yes , sister , sorry , sister . drummond do they again . nurse tallis , I will see you in my office . the rest of you be excuse . briony follow sister drummond towards she office . int . sister' office . day . briony stand across from sister drummond , who sit at she desk . drummond be this job at all important to you , tallis ? briony very important , sister . 66 . drummond yesterday you be seconded to man 's surgical . when you patient come round from he anaesthetic , it seem the first thing he do be to ask for briony . who might briony be ? briony well , I , sister . sister drummond suddenly draw herself up and shout at briony . drummond there be no briony ! you be tallis . nurse tallis . be that understand ? briony yes , sister . int . corridor . night briony stand at a window at the end of a long corridor look out at a view of the Thames and parliament beyond . the sun be set . her focus shift to she own reflection which she study impassively for a moment . briony there be no briony . she turn from the window and walk away down the corridor , past people put up the blackout shutter . over this , the voice of a radio newsreader . newsreader ( v.o. ) this be the b.b.c Home service . here be the news . the b.e.f. , with they french ally , be fight a desperate battle in the Northern Zone of the western Front . the ally force have not lose cohesion and they morale be high . the r.a.f. continue to give all the support in its power to the ally army in Northern France ... int . nurse 's dormitory . night . the camera move slowly through the 20 - bed dormitory , take in jar of cosmetics , overflow ashtray and tennis racquet . in the corridor a nurse stand at the wall - mount telephone talk to each one of she family in turn . 67 . back in the dormitory , nurse be put in curler , write letter , cry gently on one another 's shoulder , dance to a flanagan and Allen record . finally , we arrive at briony , who be trimming the nail on fiona 's right hand . fiona thanks , I never could make the scissors work with my leave hand . mummy always do it for I . briony there . you be do . she turn to she bedside locker , in which be the small portable typewriter she use as a child . somebody shout '' light out ! '' and the light go out . fiona oh , bother . briony lie back on she bed . fiona good night , tallis . int . water tank room . ST . thomas 's hospital . night the water tank room be high in a tower above the hospital . the SOUND of someone type . briony be perch on a step , among the pipe and tank , type furiously . beside she , a small pile of paper . a noise at the bottom of the stair . briony be startle . fiona do not panic . it 's only I . briony Fiona ! I almost jump out of my skin ! fiona climb up . she 's wear she dress gown . she sit and fish for a cigarette . fiona so this be what you get up to after light out . I think you might be in the middle of some tempestuous romance . she shiver . 68 . fiona do not you freeze to death up here ? she move to look out of the window . fiona I love London . do you think all of this will be bomb and just disappear ? briony no . I do not know . fiona do you write about sister drummond ? do you write about I ? briony sometimes . fiona can I look ? briony I would rather you do not . it 's private . she put out a hand to cover the title page , which read : two figure by a Fountain by briony tallis . fiona I do not see any point in write a story if you be not go to let anyone read it . briony it 's not ready yet . fiona what 's it about ? briony it 's just ... it 's about a young girl , a young and foolish girl , who see something from she nursery window which she do not understand , but she think she do ... I probably will not ever finish it . fiona consider briony for a moment . fiona I look at you , tallis , and you be so mysterious . ( more ) 69 . fiona ( cont would ) I have never be mysterious . do you know what I decide tonight ? briony what ? fiona I could never marry a man who be not in the Royal navy . briony think about this , then burst out laugh . fiona shush she , giggle helplessly herself . int . hospital administration office . day a sympathetic- look assistant with a index - card in she hand turn to speak to briony , who 's in uniform , wait on the other side of the counter . assistant here we be , cecilia tallis , I think this be she address . briony thank you . int . ward . night . briony , on night duty , sit at she table study textbooks . briony ( v.o. ) dear cecilia , please do not throw this away without read it . as you 's 1ll have see from the notepaper , I be here at St. Thomas 's , do my nurse 's training . int . sluice room . day . briony , in a heavy rubber apron , sluice a bedpan , look away , hold she breath . briony ( v.o. ) I decide not to take up my place at Cambridge . I decide I want to make myself useful , do something practical . 70 . int . hospital corridor . day . briony and fiona be polish the floor use a heavy bumper that they can hardly move from side to side . fiona it say in the paper the army be make strategic withdrawals . briony I see that . it 's a euphemism for retreat . ext . hospital yard . day . briony work alongside a number of other probationer , on she knee in the centre of the yard , scrubbing the frame of one of a number of filthy old bed . briony ( v.o. ) but no matter how hard I work , no matter how long the hour , I can not escape from what I do ... int . wash room . night . briony stand at the only ( cold ) tap , fiercely scrubbing she hand with a scrubbing - brush and baking soda . her hand be red - raw , crack and mark with chilblain . briony ( v.o. ) ... and what it mean , the full extent of which I be only now beginning to grasp . cee , please write and tell I we can meet . you sister , briony . int . store room . day . briony work in a corner near the doorway , with fiona . from time to time porter arrive with trolley and leave pile of box outside in the corridor . other nurse unpack and stack kidney bowl and pack of hypodermics . fiona so do you ? briony do I what ? 71 . fiona have a secret fiance in France ? that 's what everybody think . briony no . of course not . fiona imagine not know if he have ever come back . briony I have never be in love . fiona what never ? not even a crush ? briony I have a crush once , when I be ten or eleven . I jump in the river to see if he have save I from drown . fiona now you be teasing I . briony no . and he do save I . but as soon as I tell he I love he the feel sort of disappear . outside in the corridor , there 's a commotion . people be run past . another probationary nurse stick she head through the doorway . nurse something 's happen . briony and fiona put down the box they be stack and run out into the corridor , where everyone be run towards the exit . ext . entrance to ST . thomasx hospital . day . as briony and fiona arrive , out of breath , bloody and wounded soldier be be unload from the lorry and ambulance . many of they be black with oil , coat in grime and daze with exhaustion . briony have scarcely arrive , when a young registrar bark at she . registrar you ! get on the end of this stretcher ! 72 . he turn away from she and pick up the stretcher , handle behind he , so that he do not see the vast effort it cost briony to lift she end . the patient be a large sergeant , he bare foot and filthy bluish toe directly below briony 's face , he thigh disfigure by a ugly wound . briony struggle forward , each step plainly a agony for she and , even more distressingly , for the sergeant . int . second floor . corridor . day . the lift door slam open and the registrar emerge carry the stretcher . briony be struggle desperately along behind the registrar , she tooth gritt , she face puce with effort . the patient utter a fearsome groan . tear begin to roll down briony 's cheek as she gasp with effort , the finger of she leave hand begin inexorably to unravel . she hang on grimly until they turn into the ward . int . ward . day . a nurse and a sister wait by a emergency bed in a ward now cramme with extra bed . the registrar and briony arrive alongside and stop . briony 's leave hand give way and she 's oblige to catch the stretcher on she knee . this cause a anguish gasp from the patient . the registrar glare at she . briony turn and hurry away , glance surreptitiously at she red and dent leave hand . ext . hospital entrance . day . briony emerge into a scene of escalate chaos as more and more field ambulance arrive and dozen of wounded soldier mill about hopelessly or sit wait on the pavement . 1st soldier Fucking shamble . 2nd soldier Turner ! private Turner ? briony spin on she heel . there be a slight man , he face filthy and black with oil . it be robbie . briony Robbie ? Robbie ! robbie turn away . briony rush to he , put a hand on he arm and turn he forcibly . the man be not robbie . 73 . briony Excuse I . int . briony 's ward . day into night a montage of briony 's work against a background of ceaseless activity in the rest of the ward . briony help lift a man whose leg have be amputate back on to he bed . briony swab the oil from a long , stitched wound down a man 's back . briony lean forward , put one hand on a airman 's leg , grip the end of a protrude piece of shrapnel with the forcep and pull it out , firmly and smoothly . briony rip a dress off a man 's chest , cause he to cry out and vomit . briony join a group of nurse around the bed of a young man whose body be entirely cover in savage oil burn . outside in the hallway , fiona , overcome , turn towards the wall and weep . int . ward . night . briony move between row of sleep patient , check they . she 's intercept by sister drummond . drummond you speak a little french , if I remember rightly . briony only school french , sister . drummond the soldier over there in bed 13 . go and sit with he for a minute . hold he hand . briony hesitates , look over towards the soldier . drummond off you go . briony slowly move down the length of the ward , full of apprehension . bed 13 be surround by screen . Inside the screen be the patient , luc cornet , he head heavily bandage . 74 . he 's asleep . briony sit by the bed and hesitantly take he hand . he turn to she . cornet Te voila , enfin . ( here you be , at last . ) briony La soeur m 'a envoyée . pour bavarder un peu . ( the sister send I . for a little chat . ) cornet ah , oui , je I souvien de to soeur . elle était toujour tré gentille . qu ’est - ce qu ’elle fait maintenant ? ( oh , yes , I remember you sister . she be always so nice . what 's she do now ? ) briony erm , elle est aussi infirmiére . ( she 's a nurse as well . ) cornet est-ce qu ’elle s’est mariée enfin avec cet homme qu ’elle aimait tant ? j’ai oublié son nom . ( do she finally marry that man she be so in love with ? I have forget he name . ) briony er , Robbie . bientét , j’espére . ( she will soon , I hope . ) cornet Robbie , oui , c’est ga . ( Robbie , yes , that 's right . ) briony et vous , comment vous appellez-vous ? ( and what an you name ? ) cornet luc. luc cornet . et toi ? briony hesitates . briony tallis . 75 . cornet tallis . c’est joli . ( that 's 's pretty . ) a spasm of pain or bewilderment cross he face . he grip she hand tightly and look at she , frown . cornet je I rappelle de toi maintenant . c’est 1 's anglaise . tu the souvien , to premiére visite a millau ? je travaillais avec mon pére pré des four . j'ai entendu ton accent . ( I remember you now . you be the English girl . you remember you first visit to millau ? I be work by the oven with my father . I hear you accent . ) briony look at he , move by he confusion . cornet tu peux I rendre un tout petit service , tallis ? ( can you do I a little favour ? ) briony Bien sfr . ( of course . ) cornet ce bandage I serre terriblement . tu peux le desserrer un peu ? s‘il the plait . ( this bandage be so tight . can you loosen they a bit ? please . ) briony stand to look down at the bandage . it 's secure by a pair of simple gauze bow . she begin to undo they . cornet tu the souvien de mar soeur cadette , Anne ? elle joue toujour ce petit morceau de debussy . tu the souvien ? ( you remember my young sister , Anne ? she still play that little debussy piece . do you remember ? ) he start to hum the tune . briony continue to unwind the bandage . cornet elle prend toujour une mine si grave quand elle joue , tu not trouve pas ? ( she always look so serious when she play , you know ? ) all of a sudden , the sterile towel underneath the bandage slide away , take most of the bloodstain dress with it . a section of cornet 's skull be miss and briony find herself look directly down at he brain . cornet et nos croissant ? qu ’est - ce que tu en pensais ? ( what about we croissant ? what do you think of they ? ) methodically , not panic , briony start to replace the dress . briony délicieux . Les plus délicieux a millau . ( delicious . the most delicious in millau . ) cornet oui , c’est la qualité du beurre . ( yes , it 's the quality of the butter . ) briony oui . ( yes . ) cornet c’est pour ga que tu venais tous les jour ? ( be that why you come every day ? ) briony oui , bien sar . ( yes , of course . ) cornet think for a moment . meanwhile , with infinite care , briony be replace the sterile towel . cornet parce que , tu sais ... ma mére t’aime beaucoup . ( because , you know ... my mother be very fond of you . ) 77 . briony ah , bon ? ( oh , yes ? ) cornet oui . a son avis , on devrait se marier pendant 1’été . ( yes . in she opinion we should get marry in the summer . ) briony falter in she work , but recover . she 's tie the bow of the bandage . briony c’est plus confortable comme ga , j’éspére . ( I hope that 's more comfortable . ) cornet tu m'aime ? ( do you love I ? ) briony oui . ( yes . ) she 's speak without hesitation . he 's break into a light sweat , and she lean forward to wipe he face tenderly . he look up at she . cornet tu peux rester un peu ? ( can you stay a while ? ) briony nod reassuringly . all of a sudden , it 's as if a electric current have pass through he . he jerk upright and begin to topple forward . briony catch he and he head slump forward , bang against she cheek . it 's all she can do to get he back to he previous position in the bed . she 's settling he , she face close to he , when he eye flutter open . a tear roll down he cheek . cornet j'ai peur . j'ai peur . tallis . ( I be frighten . I be frighten , tallis . ) briony briony . je m‘appelle briony . ( my name be briony . ) she 's suddenly aware of sister drummond stand above she . she speak with she habitual sinister softness . 78 . drummond stand up , nurse tallis . briony do , brace herself for a onslaught which do not come . instead , drummond reach out to straighten briony 's collar . behind she , a nurse cover luc cornet 's face with the sheet . finally , drummond speak , a unprecedented note of tenderness in she voice . drummond now go and wash the blood off you face . numbly , briony turn away and set off down the centre of the silent , darken ward . int . hospital day room . day . open on full - screen newsreel footage : the return of the bef from France . the newsreel be be show on a makeshift screen in the day room , where it be be watch with various degree of disbelief and disgust by that of the patient well enough to be up and about . in total contrast to everything we have see in the hospital and at dunkirk , what 's show tell of a heroic rescue and a triumphant return . we see the troops offer smile face and give the thumb - up as train carriage roll into London . we see Union jack wave , and happy wife and child . news reporter ( v.o . ) the navy have earn we undy gratitude . the army be undefeate . courage have bring they through unconquer , they spirit unbow . this be the epic of dunkirk , a name that will live forever in the annal of warfare . briony stand at the back , watch this propaganda . the next item in the newsreel be introduce by a title : on the home front . news reporter ( v.o . ) in the course of a comprehensive tour , Queen Elizabeth be see here visit a chocolate factory in the North of England ... on the screen the Queen be be give a tour of the army amo factory . briony begin to collect she thing to leave . suddenly she attention be catch , as there , on the screen , she see lola quincey and paul marshall shaking hand with the queen. 79 . news reporter the confectionery magnate , and friend of the british Army , Mr. Paul Marshall , give the Queen a tour of the Army amo factory with he lovely soon - to - be-w fiancee miss lola quincey . and what a mouthwater couple they be . keep the amo come , we boy have a sweet tooth ! lola look at the camera and smile , as if straight at briony . ext . church of the holy trinity , clapham . day . the church stand at the end of a street of terrace house , a impose facade behind pillar and a flight of step . briony approach , move up the street , take note of a empty black roll royce park outside the church . she hesitantly climb the step towards the church door . int . church of the holy trinity . day . the wedding be already in progress , as briony quietly let herself into the church . there be a large number of guest . pierrot and jackson , now fourteen , stand between they estrange parent , hermione and cecil . on the other side be the many guest of marshall . lola , in full bridal white and heavily veile , and marshall in a morning suit , face the vicar , who be in full flow . briony slip into a pew at the back and watch . vicar secondly for a remedy against sin , and to avoid fornication , that such person as have not the gift of continence might marry and keep themselves undefile member of Christ 's body . thirdly , it be ordain for the mutual society , help and comfort , that the one ought to have for the other ... the voice of young briony break in , talk to the police inspector . young briony ( v.o. ) I see he . briony sit in she seat , a appall knowledge dawn . 80. vicar therefore if any man can show any just cause , why they may not be lawfully join together , let he now speak , or for ever hold he peace . briony 's finger grip she seat . young briony ( v.o . ) I know it be he . ext . grassy bank near the tallis house . night . 1935 . briony stand still , blind by the torch . int . church of the holy trinity . day . 1940 . briony 's eye widen . ext . grassy bank near the tallis house . night . 1935 . this time it 's clear that the figure scramble away up the bank be paul marshall . a crash of organ music . int . library . night . young briony face the inspector . briony I see he , I see he with my own eye . the church organ thunder on . int . church of the holy trinity . day . 1940 . briony stand in she pew as lola and marshall walk towards she . they do not notice she until the vicar swing open one of the great door of the church . a shaft of sunlight sweep across , shine straight on briony . she stare at lola and marshall as they draw level with she . lola 's eye meet with briony 's , she forehead crinkle with displeasure , she lip purse . marshall 's face redden and then they be go . briony be leave alone in the church . 81. ext . STREET near balham . day . briony pass down a narrow terrace of red-brick house . come towards she be a mother with four unruly boy , all carry cardboard suitcase and knapsack . mother leave off , let the nursey through ! the boy take no notice of she whatsoever , and briony be oblige to stand aside to let they pass . the mother smile at she apologetically . mother they be go down to the country today . never be out of London before . briony I hope they get a nice family . mother they dunno what they be in for with this lot ! ext . dudley villas in balham . day . briony walk down the long , drab street and stop at no .43 , outside which be a old Ford 8 without wheel , support on pile of brick . she walk down the front path , ring the doorbell and then , realize it do not work , use the heavy knocker to knock twice . the door be open by a sour-face woman in she thirty , mrs . jarvis . briony I be look for miss tallis . cecilia tallis . be she in ? mrs. jarvis turn and yell up the stair . mrs . jarvis tallis ! door ! eventually , cecilia appear in the doorway . she 's wear a blue stripe dress - gown and man 's sock . cecilia my god. 82 . briony I try write , but you would not answer . I have to talk to you . int . cecilia' flat . day . cecilia lead briony to she tiny kitchen / live room . everything - furniture , lino , wallpaper - be cheap and shabby . there 's a small table cover by a gingham cloth , a few book ( Shakespeare , Gray 's anatomy ) , a overflow ashtray and a jam jar contain a bunch of harebells . the door to the bedroom be close . cecilia be lighting a cigarette as briony advance tentatively into the flat . she see cecilia 's uniform hang behind the door . briony so you be a ward sister now ? cecilia yes . cecilia force herself to offer briony a cigarette . briony thanks . briony launch abruptly into what she 's come to say . briony I want to go in front of a judge and change my evidence , cee . cecilia do not call I that ! she turn away , try to control herself . cecilia please do not ever call I that . briony what I do be terrible , I do not expect you to forgive I . cecilia do not worry , I will not . she turn away again . 83. cecilia you be a unreliable witness , they would never re-open the case . briony well at least I can tell everyone else , I all go home , explain to mummy and daddy and ... cecilia what 's stop you ? briony I want to see you first . cecilia they do not want to know . that unpleasantness be all tidy away in the past , thank you very much . briony start : the bedroom door have open and robbie stand in front of they , in he uniform shirt and trousers . his shirt be open revealing a square bandage tape over the wound at he solar plexus . briony be partly obscure from robbie 's view by cecilia who have turn to he . he talk quietly to cecilia without focus on briony , then briefly nod in she direction . robbie Excuse I . then he 's go again . silence . cecilia he sleep so deeply . briony hold onto the table for support . in silence cecilia begin to move around the kitchen area of the room . she fill a kettle . mix milk and water to egg powder and lay a pot of jam and three plate and cup on the table . finally they hear the click of the bathroom door and robbie whistling as he cross the landing . briony move as far away from the door as possible . she 's in he sight line as robbie open the door . he see she . he can not even address she . robbie what be she do here ? cecilia she come to speak to I . robbie oh , yes ? what about ? 84 . briony the terrible thing I do . robbie move around the room , put he hand in he pocket , take they out again . it 's clear he 's furious , hardly able to contain himself . robbie I will be quite honest with you . I be tear between break you neck here and throw you down the stair . briony stand she ground , shake but not afraid . robbie have you any idea what it 's like in jail ? course you do not . tell I , do it give you pleasure to think of I inside ? briony no . robbie but you do nothing about it . briony no . robbie do you think I assault you cousin ? briony no . robbie do you think it then ? briony yes , yes and no . I be not certain . robbie and what 's make you so certain now ? briony grow up . robbie grow up ? briony I be thirteen . 85 . robbie how old do you have to be before you know the difference between right and wrong ? do you have to be eighteen before you can own up to a lie ? there be soldier of eighteen old enough to be leave to die on the side of the road ! do you know that ? briony yes . robbie five year ago you do not care about tell the truth . you and all you family , you just assume that for all my education , I be still little better than a servant , still not to be trust . thanks to you , they be able to close rank and throw I to the fuck wolf . briony shake she head . robbie clenches he fist , look as if might attack she . briony prepare herself , flinching . but cecilia intervene , hold on to he , calming he . cecilia Robbie . Robbie , do not . please . look at I , Robbie . look at I . she kiss he gently and lingeringly on the lip . briony look away , something like shame in she eye . we stay on briony 's face . cecilia ( 0.s. ) come back , come back , come back to I . briony look out of the window . robbie and cecilia be now talk in low voice as briony watch a old woman outside in the street below , push a pram . cecilia briony . briony turn . 86 . cecilia there be not much time . Robbie have to report for duty at six and he 's get a train to catch . so sit down . there be some thing you be go to do for we . briony and cecilia sit in the kitchen . robbie lean on the table , loom over they . robbie you will go to you parent as soon as you can and tell they everything they need to know to be convinced that you evidence be false . you ’1ll go and see a solicitor and make a statement and have it sign and witness and send copy to we . be that clear ? briony yes . robbie then you will write a detailed letter to I , explain everything that lead up to you say you see I by the lake . cecilia try and include whatever you can remember of what Danny hardman be do that night . briony it be not Danny hardman . it be Leon 's friend , Marshall . they both look at she , astonished . cecilia I do not believe you . briony he 's marry lola ; I have just come from they wedding . silence . finally , robbie exhales the breath he 's be hold , cecilia look across at he . cecilia lola will not be able to testify against he now . he 's immune . robbie straighten up and turn away , grapple with a riot of emotion . silence . finally , briony stand up and speak , very 87 . formal . briony I be very , very sorry to have cause you all this terrible distress . I be very , very sorry . robbie just do what we have ask of you . write it all down . briony I will . I promise . she leave abruptly , she eye brim with tear . ext . dudley villas . day . in the window , cecilia and robbie be lock in a tender embrace . below in the street , briony turn away and set off into the distance . int . underground train . briony sit on a busy train stare straight ahead , try to take in all that 's happen , all she 's learn . try not to cry . the light flicker on and off , take we finally to black . over this , the tired voice of older briony . older briony ( v.o. ) I be sorry , could we stop for a minute ? int . tv control room . day . 1999 . see on dozen of monitor , briony tallis , 76 now , have interrupt a interview she 's give for television . lean forward , she unhook she radio mike . interviewer of course . be anything wrong ? older briony I just need a couple of minute to myself . the videotape rewind and we be back to earlier in the interview . 88 . interviewer you new novel , you twenty - first , be call atonement ; it 's a period piece set before and during the second World War ... he break off , concerned , as older briony bury she face in she hand . int . interviewer briony ? bathroom . day . alone , older briony grimace at she over - make - up face in the mirror , pour three aspirin into she hand and wash they down . then she lower she head and close she eye . int . tv studio . day . the interview have resume . interviewer I would like to talk now about you new novel , atonement , which be come out in a few day to coincide with you birthday . it 's you twenty - first novel ... close on briony , she face against black : where we will remain for the rest of she interview . older briony it 's my last novel . interviewer oh , really ? you mean you be retire ? older briony contemplate he calmly for a moment . older briony no , die . before the interviewer be quite able to reassemble he thought , she resume : older briony my doctor tell I I have something call vascular dementia ; which be essentially a continuous series of ( more ) 89 . older briony ( cont would ) tiny stroke . you brain gradually close down . you lose word , you lose you memory : which , for a writer , be pretty much the point . that 's why I could finally write this book ; and why , of course , it 's my last novel . strangely enough , it would be just as accurate to call it my first novel . I write several draft as far back as my time at St. Thomas 's Hospital during the war . I just could not ever find the way to do it . interviewer because the novel be autobiographical , be that right ? older briony yes , entirely . I have not change any name , include my own . interviewer and be that the problem ? older briony no . I have for a very long time decide to tell the absolute truth . and I think ... she hesitates . older briony you have read the book , you 's 11l understand why . I get first -hand account of all the event I do not personally witness , condition in prison , the evacuation of dunkirk , everything . but the effect of all this honesty be rather ... pitiless , you see . I could not any longer imagine what purpose would be serve by it . interviewer by what ? by honesty ? older briony or reality . because , in fact , I be too much of a coward to go and see my sister in June , 1940 . int . water tower at ST thomasx hospital . night . 1940 . briony sit at she typewriter . 90 . older briony ( v.o. ) I never make that journey to balham . so the scene in which I confess to they be invent , imagine . int . cecilia 's flat in balham . day . robbie 's face ; the empty bed . older briony ( v.o. ) and , in fact , could never have happen ... int . cellar at bray dune . dawn . corporal nettle remove a piece of wood from the entrance to the bomb out cellar . Light pour in . older briony ( v.o. ) ..- because Robbie Turner die of septicaemia at bray dune on the first of June 1940 , the last day of the evacuation ... robbie lie dead amongst the rubble ; beside he be the bundle of letter and cecilia 's photograph . nettle pick up the letter . nettle cheerio , pal . he cover robbie 's face and put the letter in he pocket . int . platform on balham tube station . night . a thick pipe , run above the platform , be drip , undramatic but regular . older briony ( v.o. ) «+. and I be never able to put thing right with my sister cecilia ... a wide shot show the platform , dimly light , crowded with sleep body , mostly woman and child . pan over the body : one of they , cecilia , as it turn out , open she eye , quite calmly , at the SOUND of muffle explosion from the first bomb fall on the street above . the light flicker and revive . gl . ext . balham tube station . night . the illuminate sign above the station also flicker and go out . out here the SOUND and flash of the bomb be far more present . older briony ( v.o. ) ..- because she be kill on the 15th of October , 1940 ... int . balham tube station . night . a vast wall of water cascade , in slow motion , down the desert escalator . older briony ( v.o. ) ...by the bomb that destroy the gas and water main above balham tube station . int . platform on balham tube station . night . cecilia sit up as the light flicker and , this time , go out . the thunderous roar of the approach water . int . underwater . cecilia 's body , balletically graceful , hair fantail out , drift through the tube tunnel towards a distant light . int . t.v. studio . day . 1999 . older briony look intently at the camera . older briony so my sister and Robbie never have the time together they both so long for and deserve , which , ever since , I xave ... always feel I prevent . but what sense of hope or satisfaction could a reader derive from a end like that ? so , in the book , I want to give Robbie and cecilia what they ( more ) 92 . older briony ( cont would ) lose out on in life . I have like to think this be not weakness or evasion , but a final act of kindness . she think for a moment . older briony I give they they happiness . ext . beach below white cliff . day . robbie and cecilia crunch across the pebble and splash gleefully through the wave , below the tower white cliff on they way back to they white clapboard cottage . the end