august : osage county written by Tracy lett 1 a endless sky at twilight 1 forebode . heat lightning in the distance . mile of unforgive , summer -scorch prairie . beverly ( os ) ... " life be very long ... " 2 mile of straight road 2 two lane , not a car in sight . crack asphalt undulate over gentle , brown hill , disappear into a infinite horizon . beverly ( os ) ts eliot . not the first person to say it , certainly not the first person to think it . 3 a lake in the gathering dusk 3 flat , still . a empty aluminum rowboat loll listlessly , tie haphazardly to a old wooden dock . beverly ( os ) but he 's give credit for it because he bother to write it down . 4 a old farm house sitting atop a low hill 4 at the end of a long gravel road . surrounded by tower black walnut and lace - bark elm . a farm once , no one 's put a plow to earth here in decade . beverly ( os ) so if you say it , you have to say he name after it . " life be very long : " ts eliot . absolutely goddamn right . wrap around porch , forget garden . impose in the gather gloom . a single downstairs window glow . beverly ( os ) ( cont 'd ) give the devil he due . very few poet could have make it through eliot 's trial and come out , brilliantine and double -breasted and Anglican . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 2 . 4 continued : 4 and now , a face fill the screen -- 5 int . beverly dimly lit study - twilight 5 beverly weston . a craggy , wise and deeply sad okie . we take a long moment , just to study that face . beverly not hard to imagine , face with eliot 's first wife , lovely viv , how crane or berryman might have react , just foot - race to the nearest bridge ; olympian suicidalist . stare out the window at the darken , ominous horizon . beverly ( cont 'd ) not eliot : after sufficient year of ecclesiastical guilt , plop she in the nearest asylum and get on with it . he sit at a cluttere desk , he face damp with sweat . nurse a glass of whiskey , he staggered delivery due more to he careful selection of word than drunkenness . he 's talk to someone we do not yet see . beverly ( cont 'd ) god-a-mighty . you have to admire the purity of the survivor 's instinct . from somewhere upstairs , a thud . he look to the ceiling . beverly ( cont 'd ) violet . my wife . she take pill , sometimes a great many . they affect ... among other thing , she equilibrium . fortunately , they eliminate she need for equilibrium ... 6 int . violet' bedroom - twilight 6 full of shadow . she sit up slowly from rumple sheet . we be on she profile , close , silhouett against the faint light from the open bathroom door . she hesitates on the edge of the bed , get she bearing . find a pack of winston , light one . listen to the voice filter up from below . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 3. 7 int . the study - twilight 7 beverly shift , wait for the sound of more movement from the room overhead . when there be none -- beverly my wife take pill and I drink . that 's the bargain we have strike . intercut with : 8 int . violet' bedroom / upstair hallway - twilight 8 she gather herself to stand . move to the door . we follow her closely . her hair unkempt , she step unsteady , into -- beverly the reason why we partake be anymore inconsequential . the hallway , wall line with photo of long - dead pioneer ancestor and fade school photograph of three daughter . beverly ( cont 'd ) the fact be : my wife take pill and I drink . that 's the bargain we have strike , just one paragraph of we marriage contract ... cruel covenant . and this fact have over time make burdensome the maintenance of traditional american routine . she make she way to the stair start down . beverly ( cont 'd ) Rather than once more vow abstinence with my finger cross in the queasy hope of righting we ship , I have choose to turn my life over to a Higher power and join the rank of the hire class . the light from the study slice across the live room . beverly ( cont 'd ) it 's not a decision with which I be entirely comfortable . I know how to launder my dirty undy . done it all my life , but I be find it 's get in the way of my drink . she can see a portion of beverly 's desk , a woman 's leg . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 4. 8 continued : 8 beverly ( cont 'd ) sorry about the heat in here . my wife be cold - blooded and not just in the metaphorical sense . she do not believe in air-condition ... as if it be a thing to be disbelieve . I know you father , you know . buy many a watermelon from Mr youngblood 's fruit stand . he do pass , do not he ?? johnna yes , sir . beverly May I ask how ? johnna he have a heart attack . fell into a flatbe truck full of wine grape . beverly wine grape . in Oklahoma . I be sorry . violet bev ...?! beverly yes ? violet do you pullish ? do you ... oh , goddamn * it ... do . you . be the police here ? beverly no ... she stand in the shadow of the live room , confuse . violet be I look through window ? a window ? beverly can you come here ? she step into the study , emerge from the darkness into light to reveal : violet weston . dissipate , dishevel , late sixty . she wear pajamas and a much sleep - in robe . violet oh. hello . she 's stare at a woman sit in front of beverly 's desk : johnna . thirty , Native american , simply dress . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 5 . 8 continued : 8 beverly johnna , the young woman I tell you about . violet you tell I she 's a woman . wo-man . whoa-man . beverly that I be hire -- violet oh , you hire woman 's now the thing . I think you mean the other woman . beverly to cook and clean , take you to the clinic and to the -- violet ( over-articulating ) in the int'rest of ... civil action , you par-tic -u- lar way of speak - king , I think you mean you have think a whoa-man to be hire ! beverly I do not understand you . violet ( winsome , to johnna ) hello . johnna hello . violet I be sorry . ( curtsy ) like this . johnna yes , mar 'am . violet you be very pretty . johnna thank you . violet be you a indian ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 6. 8 continued : 8 johnna yes , mar 'am . violet * what kind ? * johnna * cheyenne . * violet do you think I be pretty ? johnna yes , mar 'am . violet ( curtsy again ) like ... this ? ( curtsy again ) like this ? she stumble , catch herself . beverly careful ... violet you be the house now . I be sorry , I take some medicine for my mussss ... muscular . beverly why do not you go back to bed , sweetheart ? violet why do not you go fuck a fuck sow 's ass ? beverly all right . violet I be sorry . I will be sickly sweet . I be soooooooo sweet . in -el -abrially sweet . she smile at johnna , go . beverly watch she disappear back up the stair , then -- " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 7. 8 continued : 8 beverly we keep unusual hour here . try not to differentiate between night and day . you will not be able to keep a healthy routine . johnna I need the work . beverly I myself require very little attention , thrive without it , sort of a human cactus . my wife have be diagnose with a touch of cancer , so she will need to be drive to Tulsa for she final chemotherapy treatment . you be welcome to use that american - make behemoth park out in the drive . welcome to make use of anything , everything , all this garbage we have acquire , we life 's work . do you have any question ? johnna what kind of cancer ? beverly my God , I nearly neglect the punch line : mouth cancer . johnna what pill do she take ? beverly valium . vicodin . darvon , darvocet . percodan , percocet . xanax for fun . oxycontin in a pinch . and of course diluadid . I can not forget diluadid . beverly wobble to he foot , explore he bookshelf . beverly ( cont 'd ) " by night within that ancient house , immense , black , damned , anonymous . " ( and ) my last refuge , my book : simple pleasure , like find wild onion by the side of a road , or requite love . he take a book from the bookshelf , give it to she . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 8. 8 continued : 8 beverly ( cont 'd ) ts eliot . read it or not . it be not a job requirement , just for you enjoyment . ( beat ) here we go , round the prickly pear ... * prickly pear prickly pear ... here we go round the prickly pear ... 9 open title 9 we be underwater . Light fracture and scatter above . the surface undulate gently as we glide through a lake 's dark , tenebrous water on a moonlit night . a rowboat slip across we field of vision . it 's aluminum hull cut through the calm above , send out small wave as it make it 's way slowly past . oar dip in on either side , propelling the small craft toward deeper water . it slow . stop . bob gently . we wait , watch -- and then suddenly , something large hit the surface above , indistinct , explode the calm , come towards we , sink fast as title end -- 10 a shape 10 prone , silhouett against a sunlit window across the room . a body , she back to we . the phone ring . once , twice . the body do not move . a girl 's voice call from downstairs . jean ( os ) Mom ...? the phone continue to ring . still no movement . jean ( os ) ( cont 'd ) Mom ...! nothing . the ringing stop . a moment of silence , follow by irritate teenage footstep on the carpete stair . jean ( os ) ( cont 'd ) ... Mom ...? the hallway door open , we be in -- " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 9 . 11 int . barbara' bedroom - day 11 jean , fourteen , precocious , stick she head in . jean ... Mom ? a sound from the body , still no movement . barbara mmm ... jean you do not hear the phone ? barbara if it 's you father , tell he to fuck off . jean it 's aunt ivy in Oklahoma . New deal . she sit up . close on : barbara fordham , late - forty , fully dress . she grope for the phone . barbara ... ivy ? ... what 's wrong ? barb stand , move slowly to the window . outside : identical suburban home , neutral house color , lawn . we study barb as she listen . greying root , no make - up , a few extra pound . a woman who , for reason we do not yet understand , have decide to stop give a damn . barbara ( cont 'd ) ... when ...? Jean pass in the hall . stop , watch as she mother slowly dissolves , reach for the sill , lower herself to sit . 12 int / ext . weston house ( pawhuska , oklahoma ) - day 12 a batter Honda Civic make it 's way up the long drive from the highway below , dust swirl behind it . it 's hot . Bright . the Honda park . ivy weston , forty , shy and soft -spoken , attractive enough but expert at hide it , climb out . stare up at the tree surround the old farm house . the precarious old barn out back and untend flower bed . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 10 . 13 int . weston kitchen - day 13 johnna wash a dish at the sink . watch ivy 's arrival through the kitchen window . make no motion to go to she -- 14 int . the weston house - day 14 ivy step into the dark house . drape draw , light off . ivy Mom ...? ( no answer ) Mom ? step into the open door of she father 's study . his vacant desk chair , untouched papers , dust mot settling in the sunlight . she take a moment , then head upstairs . carrying US with she . find violet , in she bedroom , sit in front of she vanity in near darkness , smoking and on the phone . violet ... you have be out there ...? barely acknowledge ivy 's arrival . the room be unruly . bed unmade . clothes drape over chair . dresser and night - stand cluttere with pill , tissue box , creams and lotion . violet ( cont 'd ) ... you be go out yourself ...? * ivy wander into the bath . more pill , wet towel on the floor . she turn off the drip faucet . pick up towel . violet ( cont 'd ) stop that ... violet be off the phone , stand in hall , watch ivy . ivy stop , briefly chasten . violet open a bottle of pill . violet ( cont 'd ) you call barb ? what would she say ? ivy she 's on she way . violet what would you tell she ? ivy I tell she dad be miss . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 11 . 14 continued : 14 violet do you tell she how long he would be miss ? ivy five day . violet what do she say ? ivy she say she be on she way . violet goddamn it , ivy , what do she say ? ivy she say she be on she way . violet you be hopeless . ( head back into she room ) goddamn you father for put I through this . see that office of he , all that mess ? I can not make head or tail of it . he hire this indian for some goddamn reason and now I have a stranger in my house . what 's she name ? ivy follow she mother , return to tidy up . ivy johnna . who be on the phone ? violet this house be fall apart , something about the basement or the sump pump or the foundation . I do not know anything about it . I can not do this by myself . ivy I call Karen . violet what do she say ? ivy she say she would try to get here . violet she will be a big fat help , just like you . ( more ) " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 12 . 14 continued : 14 violet ( cont 'd ) ( take another pill ) I need barb . ivy what 's barb go to be able to do ? ivy move on to hang clothes back in the jamme closet . violet what do you do to you hair ? ivy I have it straighten . violet you have it straighten . why would anybody do that ? ivy I just want a change . violet you be the prettiest of my three girl , but you always look like a schlub . why do not you wear makeup ? ivy do I need makeup ? violet all woman need makeup . do not let anybody tell you different . the only woman who be pretty enough to go without makeup be Elizabeth Taylor and she wear a ton . stand up straight . ivy Mom . violet you shoulder be slump and you hair 's all straight and you do not wear makeup . you look like a lesbian . violet take another pill . violet ( cont 'd ) you could get a decent man if you spruce up . a bit , that 's all I be say . ivy I be not look for a man . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 13. 14 continued : 14 violet there be a lot of loser out there , do not think I do not know that . but just because you get a bad one last time do not mean -- ivy Barry be not a loser . violet Barry be a asshole . I warn you from the jump , first time you bring he over here in he little electric car with he stupid orange hair and that turban -- ivy it be not a turban -- violet you work at a college . do not tell I there be not people come through the door of that library every day . ivy you want I to marry some eighteen year old boy from one of this hick town ? violet they still have teacher at tu , right ? they do when you father teach there . violet take another pill . violet ( cont 'd ) how many be that ? ivy I be not count . violet take another pill . ivy ( cont 'd ) be you mouth burn ? violet like a son-of - a-bitch . my tongue be on fire . ivy be you suppose to be smoking ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 14 . 14 continued : 14 violet be anybody suppose to smoke ? ivy you have cancer of the mouth . violet just leave it alone . ivy * ( after a moment ) * be you scared ? violet course I be scared . and you be a comfort , sweetheart . thank God one of my girl stay close to home . outside , the sound of a car pull up . ivy pull back the drape and the shade , find a big cadillac arrive . ivy aunt mattie fae 's here . violet she mean to come in here and tell I what 's what . ivy I do not know how uncle Charlie put up with it . violet he smoke a lot of grass . ivy he do ? violet he smoke a lot of grass . 15 int / ext . charlie' cadillac / weston house - day 15 mattie fae I tell vi , " take all that goddamn book he 's so fond of and make a big pile in the front yard and have yourself a bonfire . " mattie fae aiken , sixty -one , violet 's baby sister , larger than life , be in the passenger seat . charlie , mattie fae 's husband , easy - go , be behind the wheel . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 15 . 15 continued : 15 charlie you do not burn a man 's book . mattie fae you do , if the situation call for it . charlie the man 's book do not do anything . mattie fae you get any idea about just up and take off , Charlie aiken , you better believe -- charlie I be not go anywhere . Charlie park , they climb out into the blind sunlight . mattie fae I be say if you do , I will give you two day to get you head straight and then it 's all go up in a blaze of glory . not that you have any book lie around . I do not think I have ever see you read a book in my life . charlie that bother you ? mattie fae what 's the last book you read ? charlie beverly be a teacher ; teacher read book , I be in the upholstery business . ivy come out of the house to meet they . mattie fae spot she , make a beeline for she , envelope ivy in a hug . mattie fae ah , sweetie . you daddy 's do this before . just take off , no call , nothing . I tell you mother , " you pack that son-of - a-bitch 's bag and have `em wait for he on the front porch . " mattie fae sweep past ivy into the -- " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 16 . 16 int . weston house - day 16 ivy and Charlie follow . mattie fae where 's you mother ? ivy upstair . charlie they have always have trouble , ivy . mattie fae he will come back again , I know he will , he always do . beverly be a very complicated man . ivy kind of like Charles . charlie yes , like Little Charles . exactly -- mattie fae oh . he 's nothing like Little Charles . charlie she just mean in they sort of quiet complicated way -- mattie fae Little Charles be not complicated , he 's just unemployed . the phone begin to ring . ivy eye it apprehensively . charlie he 's a observer . mattie fae all he observe be the television . ( and ) why be it so dark in here ? charlie so you can not even see ivy 's point ? that Little Charles and beverly share some kind of ... complication . mattie fae you have to be smart to be complicated . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 17 . 16 continued : 16 the phone stop . violet 's answer it upstairs . charlie be you say we boy be not smart ? mattie fae yes , that 's what I be say . ivy steal glance upstairs , concerned about the phone . mattie fae ( cont 'd ) I be sweat . be you sweat ? charlie Hell , yes , I be sweat , it 's ninety degree in here . mattie fae feel my back . charlie I do not want to feel you back . mattie fae sweat be just drip down my back . charlie I believe you . mattie fae feel it . charlie no . mattie fae come on , put you hand here -- charlie goddamn it -- mattie fae sweat 's just drip ... mattie fae pull back a set of drape , find the light be block by shade seal with tape . mattie fae ( cont 'd ) ivy , when do this start ? this business with taping the shade ? ivy be a couple of year now . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 18 . 16 continued : 16 mattie fae start peel off the tape . mattie fae be it that long since we have be here ? charlie do you know its purpose ? you can not tell if it 's night or day . ivy I think that 's the purpose . ivy go , Charlie notice mattie fae pull off tape . charlie do not do that . this be not you place . mattie fae the body need sunlight . a17 int / ext . rental car ( moving ) - afternoon a17 * Jean have on headphone , listen to she walkman in the back . * Barbara 's estrange husband , bill fordham , drive the rental . * barb 's in the passenger seat beside he , watch the brown * countryside pass by . * barbara * what be this people think ... the * joker who settle this place . who * be the asshole who see this flat hot * nothing and plant he flag ? I mean * we fuck the Indians for this ? * bill * well , genocide always seem like such * a good idea at the time . * barbara * right , you need a little hindsight . * bill * if you want I to explain the creepy * character of the Midwest , you be -- * barbara * please , the Midwest . this be the * Plains : a state of mind , right ? a * spiritual affliction , like the blue . * " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 19 . a17 continued : a17 bill * " you okay ? " " I be fine . just get the * Plains . " * they laugh . he reach across , touch she tenderly . * barbara * do not . * he withdraw quickly . * 17 int . violet' bedroom - day 17 violet hang up the phone . sit for a long moment , absorb what she 's hear . mattie fae watch from she spot sit * on the corner of the bed , concerned . ivy be in the door . * violet they check the hospital , no beverly . mattie fae who 's this now ? the highway patrol ? * violet no , the sheriff , the gilbeau boy . ivy what else do he say ? violet the boat 's miss . ivy dad 's boat ? violet I ask the sheriff to send a deputy out to the dock to check if anybody have see he and he boat be go . ivy watch she mother be comfort by mattie fae . want to go to she . do not . 18 move to a17 18 * " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 20 . 19 int / ext . rental car / weston house - afternoon 19 Bill slow the rental car to turn . barb look down the road * and across the field to where the farm house peek out * through the tree , beckone , threaten , ominous . * Bill pull the rental in front of the house . turn off the * ignition . neither move to get out . Jean realize they have stop , pull off she headphone . jean I be gonna grab a smoke . Jean head for the relative privacy of the fence at the edge of the yard . leave Bill and barb alone , watch . barbara you have encourage that . bill I have not encourage anything . barbara you admire she for get hook at fourteen , make she seem even more mature . Barbara climb out . Bill follow . barbara ( cont 'd ) goddamn , it 's hot . Bill unlock the trunk , begin unload luggage . bill suppose you mom 's turn on the air conditioner ? barbara you kid ? remember the parakeet ? bill the parakeet ? barbara I do not tell you about the parakeet ? she get a parakeet for some insane reason , and the little fucker croak after two day . so she go to the pet store and raise hell and they give she another parakeet . that one die after one day . ( more ) " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 21 . 19 continued : 19 barbara ( cont 'd ) so she go back and they give she a third parakeet and that one die too . so the chick from the pet store come out here to see just what in the hell this serial parakeet killer be do to bump off this bird . they head for the house with suitcase , wilting in the heat . bill and ? barbara the heat . it be too hot . they be die from the heat . bill Jesus . barbara this be tropical bird , all right ? they live in the fuck tropic . he laugh . barb look over to Jean smoking by the fence . barbara ( cont 'd ) what , be she smoking a cigar ? bill be you ready for this ? barbara no . no way . 20 int . weston house - afternoon 20 Charlie be poke around the old stereo , find a lp , the tv beside he be tune to a royal game . charlie violet 's a clapton fan ? johnna pass through , Charlie hold up he empty bottle . charlie ( cont 'd ) ` scuse I , dear ... could I trouble you for another beer ? mattie fae goddam it , she 's not a waitress . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 22 . 20 continued : 20 charlie I know that . mattie fae then get you own beer . johnna ( take the empty / go ) I will get it . mattie fae I do not believe you . watchin ' a ball game , drinkin ' beer . you have any sense of what 's go on around you ? charlie be I suppose to sit here like a statue ? you be drink whiskey . mattie fae I be have a cocktail . charlie you be drink straight whiskey ! mattie fae just ... show a little class . barbara ... Mom ? Barbara and Bill have enter , be quickly descend upon by mattie fae and Charlie . hug , overlap dialogue . mattie fae ( cont 'd ) barbara oh my God , Barbara --! you hi , aunt mattie fae -- give I some sugar ! mattie fae ( cont 'd ) bill Bill ! look how skinny you hi , mattie fae . be ! bill hi , Charlie . Jean enter behind she parent , stand sheepishly . mattie fae oh my gosh , will you look at this one ? come here and give you aunt mattie fae some sugar ! " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 23. 20 continued : 20 mattie fae ( cont 'd ) charlie my gosh , you be so big ! look ` lo , Bill . man you have at you boob ! last time I drop some weight , have not see you , you look like a you ? hello , sweetheart . little boy ! barbara hi , uncle Charlie . charlie how be the flight from Denver ? bill Fine ... violet appear on the stair , rush to Barbara . violet barb ... barbara it 's okay , Mom . I be here , I be here . shh , it 's okay , I be here . ivy appear at the top of the stair , watch she mother in she sister 's arm . Bill turn to Charlie , quietly : bill no word then ? charlie mattie fae no . no , huh -uh . violet barbara what be I go to do ? it 's okay , Mom . barbara do you see Bill and Jean ? violet take they in , disorient . violet yes . hi , Bill . bill hello , violet . violet I be just so scared . mattie fae of course you be , poor thing . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 24 . 20 continued : 20 violet ( see Jean ) well , look at you . mattie fae be not she the limit ? look at she boob ! jean o-kay , we have all stare at my tit now . mattie fae they be just so darn big . vi hug Jean . johnna slip in , leave a beer for Charlie . violet you be just the prettiest thing . thank you for come to see I . barbara ivy , I do not see you up there . ivy , still stand above on the stair . ivy it look crowded . barbara God , you look good . do not she look good , Bill ? bill barbara yes , she do . I love you hair , that look great . violet she have it straighten . Barbara , or Bill , it do not matter , I need you to go through beverly 's thing , help I with this paperwork . barbara well ... we can do that , Mom . ivy I be go to help with -- violet no , now that desk of he be such a mess and I get confuse -- " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 25 . 20 continued : 20 bill I will take care of it , violet -- barbara ( to Charlie ) which room be you in ? mattie fae we be gonna head home soon . violet you be go back to Tulsa ? mattie fae we have to , we leave in such a rush we do not get anyone to take care of the damn dog . anyway , I know you want to spend some time with this girl . violet how about Little Charles , can not he take care of the dog ? charlie well , yeah , I guess he could -- mattie fae charlie no , he can not . we have to get maybe we should call he , back . mattie fae -- mattie fae we talk about this . barbara Mom , can Jean stay in the attic ? violet no , that 's where what 's - she - name life . ivy johnna . barbara who 's johnna ? violet she 's the indian who life in my attic . barbara she 's the what ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 26 . 21 ext . the yard - late afternoon 21 Jean step out onto the porch . see johnna across the road by the fence . head for she -- jean hi ... johnna be cut off sprig of wild mint entangle in the fence , stand in what be once a vegetable garden . johnna hello . jean * I be Jean . * johnna * johnna . * johnna keep work , Jean watch . jean I like you necklace . a bead pouch in the shape of a turtle . johnna * thank you . * jean do you make that ? johnna my grandma . jean be there something in it ? johnna my umbilical cord . Jean recoil . johnna smile . jean ewww , be you serious ? johnna when a cheyenne be bear , they umbilical cord be dry and sewn into a pouch . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 27 . 21 continued : 21 jean you be cheyenne . like that movie powwow highway . do you see that ? johnna * yes . we wear it for the rest of we * life . if we lose it , we soul belong nowhere and when we die we soul walk the Earth look for where we belong . johnna start back for the house with she mint . off Jean -- 22 int . the back porch - late afternoon 22 a screen in back porch off the kitchen . Bill and barb sit at a old linoleum table . bill this be when ? violet stand smoking , unhappily watch Charlie and mattie fae climb into the caddie and disappear down the gravel drive , head back to Tulsa . violet Saturday morning . the indian girl make we biscuit and gravy . we eat some , he walk out the door , this door right there . get into he truck . and that be it . johnna enter with she mint , cross into the kitchen . barbara he just leave ...? violet I go to bed Saturday night , get up Sunday ... still no beverly . I do not make much of it , think he would go out on a bender . barbara why would he do that ? not like he could not drink at home . unless you be riding he ass . violet I never say anything to he about he drink , never get on he about it . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 28. 22 continued : 22 barbara really . viloet Barbara , I swear . he could drink himself into obliv-uh , obliv-en - um ... barbara oblivion . bill so Sunday , still no sign of he ... violet yes , Sunday . no sign . I start get worried , do n'tcha know . that 's when I get work up about that safety deposit box . we keep a awful lot of cash in that box , some expensive jewelry . I have a diamond ring in that box appraise at seven thousand dollar -- johnna return with glass of iced tea , each with a sprig of mint , deliver they to Bill and Barbara . barbara wait , wait , wait , I be miss something . why do you care about a safety deposit box ? violet well , I know what you will say about this , but , you father and I have a urge-ment ... arrangement . if something be to ever happen to one of we , the other one would go empty that box . barbara because ... bill the money and jewelry get roll into the estate , bank seal the box until probate be settle . can take month . violet right , that 's right -- barbara you be such a fuck cynic . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 29 . 22 continued : 22 violet I know you would disapprove -- johnna cut into a freshly baked apple pie in the kitchen . barbara okay , what about the safety deposit box ? violet I have to wait for the bank to open on Monday . and after I emptied that box , I call the police and report he miss . Monday morning . barbara and you only have ivy call I today ? violet I do not want to worry you , honey -- barbara bill Jesus Christ . vi , you sure there be not some event that trigger he leave , some incident . violet ( cont 'd ) you mean like a fight . johnna place piece of pie in front of Bill and barb . bill yes . violet no . and we fight enough ... you know ... but no , he just leave . barbara maybe he need some time away from you . violet that 's nice of you to say . barbara good old unfathomable dad . violet oh . that man . what I first fall of with -- fall in love with , you know , be he mystery . I think it be sexy as hell . ( more ) " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 30 . 22 continued : 22 violet ( cont 'd ) you know he be the smartest one in the room , know if he just say something ... knock you out . but he would just stand there , little smile on he face ... not say a word . sexy . intercut with : 23 inside the kitchen 23 ivy enter with she coffee cup , run water in it at the sink . outside , she mother , sister , and Bill on the back porch . bill you can not think of anything unusual -- johnna sit at the kitchen table behind ivy . johnna stand , join ivy at the sink . ivy have not see she there . violet he hire this woman . he do not ask I , just hire this woman to come live in we house . few day before he leave . barbara you do not want she here . violet she 's a stranger in my house . there 's a indian in my house . ivy look to johnna , embarrassed . but johnna just take ivy 's cup from she , finish clean it . bill you have a problem with Indians , violet ? violet I do not know what to say to a indian . barbara they be call Native Americans now , Mom . violet who make that decision ? barbara it 's what they like to be call . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 31 . 23 continued : 23 violet they be not any more native than I . barbara in fact , they be . violet what 's wrong with indian ? barbara why 's it so hard to call people -- violet let 's just call the dinosaur " Native Americans " while we be at it . barbara she may be a indian , but she make the best goddamn apple pie I ever eat . johnna smile , nod to ivy . leave the kitchen . violet he hire a cook . it do not make any sense . we do not eat . barbara and now you get biscuit and gravy . kind of nice , huh ? violet Nice for you , now . but you will be go soon enough , never to return . barbara ( a warning ) Mom ... violet when be the last time you be here ? barbara violet do not get start on that -- really , I do not even remember . barbara I be very dutiful , Mom , I call , I write , I send present -- violet you do not write -- " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 32 . 23 continued : 23 barbara present on birthdays , mother 's Day -- ivy eavesdrop at the sink , unsure if she should stay or go . violet because you be " dutiful . " bill all right , now -- violet I do not care about you two . I would like to see my granddaughter every now -- barbara well , you be see she now . violet but you father . you break he heart when you move away . barbara that be wildly unfair . Bill stand , pick up a plate , push he way back into the kitchen . ivy hear he come , but do not have time to escape . go to the refrigerator instead . bill violet be I go to have to you know you be beverly 's separate you two ? favorite ; do not pretend you do not know that . Barbara follow Bill . ivy find iced tea , pour herself some . tries to make herself invisible -- it 's not hard to do . barbara ( cont 'd ) I would prefer to think my parent love all they child equally . violet trail behind they into the kitchen . violet I be sure you would prefer to think that santy Claus bring you present at Christmas , too . if you would have more than one child , you would know a parent always have favorite . mattie fae be my mother 's favorite . Big deal . I get use to it . you be you daddy 's favorite . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 33. 23 continued : 23 Barbara notice ivy , stand there , Christ . this be not a conversation she would like to be have in front of she sister . violet see ivy too -- could care less . violet ( cont 'd ) break he heart . barbara what be I suppose to do ?! Colorado give Bill twice the money he be make at tu -- bill why be we even get into this ? barbara you think daddy would not have jump at the chance Bill get ? violet you be wrong there . you never would have get beverly Weston out of Oklahoma . barbara daddy give I he bless . violet `s what he tell you . barbara now you be go to tell I the true story , some terrible shit daddy say behind my back ? bill hey , enough . everybody 's on edge -- violet beverly do not say terrible thing behind you back -- bill vi , come on -- violet he just tell I he 's disappointed in you because you settle . he think * you have talent , as a writer . * barbara daddy never say anything like that to you . what a load of absolute horseshit . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 34 . 23 continued : 23 violet oh , horseshit , horseshit , let 's all say horseshit . say horseshit , Bill . bill horseshit . violet go . barb and Bill exchange a look . barb look to ivy , who 's blank . barb take a beat , follow violet . 24 int . bathroom - late afternoon 24 violet be close the bathroom door . barb stop she . barbara be you high ? violet Excuse I . barbara I mean literally . you take something ? violet a muscle relaxer . barbara listen to I : I will not go through this with you again . violet I do not know what you be talk about . barbara this fuck pill ? call at three * am about people in you backyard ? violet stop yell at I ! barbara the police , all the rest of it ? violet it 's not the same thing . I do not have a reason . barbara so now it 's okay to get hook because you have a reason . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 35 . 24 continued : 24 violet I be not hook on anything . barbara I do not want to know if you be or not , I be just say I will not go -- violet I be not . I be in pain . barbara because of you mouth . violet yes , because my mouth burn from the chemotheeeahh -- barbara be you in a lot of pain ? violet start to break down , sit on the lidd toilet . violet yes , I be in pain . I have get ... get cancer . in my mouth . and it burn like a ... bullshit . and beverly 's disappear and you be yell at I . barbara I be not yell at you . violet you could not come home when I get cancer but as soon as beverly disappear you rush back -- barbara I be sorry ... you be right . I be sorry . Barbara kneel , take she mother 's hand . barbara ( cont 'd ) know where I think he be ? I think he get some whiskey , a carton of cigarettes , and a couple of good spy novel ... I think he get out on the boat , steer it to a nice spot , close to shore ... and he 's fishing , and read , and drink , maybe even write a little . I think he will walk right through that door any time . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 36 . 25 int . upstair hallway / stair / attic room - twilight 25 Jean walk down the hall , peruse photo of she ancestor . Rail -thin , sunburn dust bowl farmer , WWII gis stand in front of batter packard before shipping out to die on the beach of normandy . violet and bev on they wedding day . Jean 's mother and aunt in grade school , with prom date . the photo end in a doorway that lead to a narrow , wooden staircase . Jean climb it to -- 26 int . the attic bedroom - twilight 26 find johnna on she bed in the small ascetic attic room , read t.s. eliot . Jean knock on the open door . jean hi , again ... be I bugging you ? johnna no , do you need something ? jean no , I think maybe you would like to smoke a bowl with I ? johnna no , thank you . jean okay . I do not know . ( beat ) do you mind if I smoke a bowl ? johnna i. no , I -- jean Mom and dad do not mind . you will not get into trouble or anything . johnna be clearly a bit uncomfortable . but : johnna okay . jean okay . you sure ? from she pocket , Jean take a glass pipe and a bud . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 37 . 26 continued : 26 jean ( cont 'd ) I say they do not mind . if they know I smuggle this on the plane ? and sit there sweat like in that movie Midnight Express . do you see that ? johnna I do not think so . jean I just mean they do not mind that I smoke pot . Mom kind of do . I think cause dad smoke pot too , and she wish he do not . ( smoke , offer pipe ) you sure ? johnna yes . no. I be fine . Jean notice a frame photo on the night stand . jean wow , be that you parent ? johnna mm-hm , they wedding picture . jean they costume be fantastic . be they still together ? johnna my father pass away last year . jean oh. sorry . johnna that 's okay . thank you . jean be you close ? johnna yes. very . jean my Mom and dad be separate now . johnna I be sorry . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 38 . 26 continued : 26 jean he 's fuck one of he grad student . I do not care -- aside from the pathetic English and humanity cliche , like all that departmental dick fuck they student -- he can fuck who he want and that 's who teacher meet , student . he be just a turd the way he do not give Mom a chance to respond or anything . what suck now be she 's on my ass cause she 's afraid I will have some post- divorce freak - out and become some heroin addict or shoot everybody at school . or God forbid , lose my virginity . I do not know what it be about dad split that put Mom on hymen patrol . ( then ) do not say anything about Mom and dad ; okay ? they want to play it low key . a27 int . beverly study - night a27 Bill stand in beverly 's empty study . absorb the room , the man , the stillness . pick at the papers on the desk without specific purpose . turn to one of the many bookcase , eventually find a book , smile . 27 ext . weston house front porch - night 27 Barbara sit on the front step . it 's dark now , but still very hot . moth bat at the porch light . Bill come out * carry a Coke , share it with barb . * bill ivy leave ? barbara ( she nod ) I would forget about the lightning bug . around the yard , flitting in and out of the low hang bough of the tree . bill look what I find ... she turn , he hold a thin hardback copy of meadowlark . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 39 . 27 continued : 27 barbara we have copy . bill I do not remember a hardback edition . think this be worth something ... first edition , hardback , mint condition ? Academy Fellowship , wallace Stevens Award ? this book be a big deal . barbara it be not that big a deal . bill in that circle , it be . barbara that be small circle . he open the book , peruse the first page . read . bill " dedicate to my violet . " that 's nice . Christ , probably every word he write after this he have to be think , " what be they go to say , be they go to compare it to meadowlark ? " barbara Jean go to bed ? bill just turn out the light . you would think at some point , you just write something anyway and who care what they say about it . I do not know -- barbara will you shut up about that fuck book ?! you be just drip with envy over this thirty poem my father write back in the late sixty , for God 's sake . y'hear yourself ? Bill 's take aback , but do not want to overreact . bill I have great admiration for this poem -- " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 40 . 27 continued : 27 barbara my father do not write anymore for a lot of reason , but critical opinion be not one of they , hard as that may be for you to believe . bill what be you attack I for ? I have not do anything . barbara I be sure that 's what you tell sissy , too , so she can comfort you , reassure you , " no , billy , you have not do anything . " bill why be you bring that up ? barbara they be all symptom of you male menopause , whether it 's you struggle with the " creative question , " or screwing a girl who still wear a retainer . bill all right , look , I be not go to be hold hostage here while you attack I . and she name be Cindy . barbara I know she stupid name -- do I the courtesy of recognize when I be demean you . bill violet really have a way of put you in attack mode , you know that ? you feel such rage for she you can not help dish it -- barbara psychoanalyze I right now , I skin you . bill you may not agree with my method , but you know I be right -- " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 41 . 27 continued : 27 barbara " you method . " thank you , Doctor , but I actually do not need any help from my mother to feel rage . bill you want to argue ? be that what you need to do ? pick a subject , alright , let I know what it be , so I have a fight -- barbara the subject be I ! I be the subject , you narcissistic motherfucker ! I be in pain ! I need help ! Barbara head into the yard to get away from he . 28 int . weston house , upstair room - continuous 28 Jean 's on the small bed in the darken room . stare at the ceiling , listen to she parent argue . 29 ext . weston house front porch - night 29 Bill chase Barbara into the yard . bill I have cop to be a narcissist . we be the product of a narcissistic generation . barbara you can not do it , can you ? you can not talk about I for two second -- bill you call I a narcissist ! barbara you do understand that it hurt , to go from share a bed with you for twenty - three year to sleep by myself . bill I be here , now . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 42 . 29 continued : 29 barbara oh , man always say shit like that , as if the past and the future do not exist . Jean listen in the dark to she parent fight -- as she have many time before . head out into the hallway to screen door lead to the upstairs porch . barbara ( cont 'd ) it 's just horseshit , to avoid talk about the thing they be afraid to say . bill I be not necessarily keen on the notion of say thing that would hurt you . barbara like what ? bill we have enough on we hand with you parent right now , let 's not revisit this . barbara when do we visit this to begin with ? I still do not know what happen . do I bore you , intimidate you , disgust you ? be this just about the pleasure of young flesh , teenage pussy ? I really need to know . bill you need to know now ? with beverly miss , and you mother crazy as a loon ? you want to do this now ? barbara you be right . I will just hunker down for a cozy night 's sleep upstairs . next to my husband . bill this discussion deserve we care . and patience . we will both be in a better frame of mind to talk about this once you father 's come home . Bill turn , start back for the house . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 43. 30 int . weston house bedroom - night 30 Jean see she father come , hear he footstep approach across the wooden porch below , the screen door open quietly . she slip back into she room and bed , but he do not stop . Jean wait , listen for she mother . she do not come . 31 ext . skiatook lake - night 31 we be on the old wooden dock , watch a man walk away from we toward a aluminum rowboat tie haphazardly to the dock in the moonlight . he lean down to untie the boat , look back at we , directly into camera -- beverly . now we be travel below the surface of the lake , through its dark , tenebrous water on the moonlit night . the rhythmic slap of gentle wave . we be underwater , light fracture and scatter above we . we have be here before as -- a rowboat slip across we field of vision . it 's aluminum bottom cut through the calm above . oar dip on either side , propelling the small craft . it slow . stop . bob gently . we wait , watch -- until , suddenly , something hit the surface above , explode the calm , come at we fast , sink . 32 int . the attic - night 32 johnna wake with a start . sit up , listen intently . 33 ext . weston house - night 33 johnna step out onto the second floor porch balcony , find a police car approach in the distance , headlight cut through the dark country night . 34/35 int . weston house stairway - night 34/35 barefoot , johnna quietly descend the stair . approach the front door , leave open to let in the cool night air . undoe the screen door latch . step outside . watch the car arrive . the driver 's door open , a sheriff get out , silhouett against the police flasher behind he . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 44 . 36 int . upstair hallway - moment later 36 Barbara , bleary - eye , move quickly down the dark hall in she robe . Bill follow in he boxer and T-shirt , pull on pants . barb go to vi 's door , knock . barbara Mom ? she open the door . over she we find : violet , entombed in she room . squint against the intrusive hall light . barbara ( cont 'd ) Mom , wake up , the sheriff 's here . violet do you call they ? I dig in call they . barbara Mom . the sheriff be here . violet inna esther ? barbara what ? violet inna esther break . ` N pay I `em ... sturck ... strike . bill come on . leave she there . Barbara do , start for the staircase , meet the just awaken Jean come out of she room , concerned . bill ( cont 'd ) go back to bed , sweetheart .... Barbara descend the stair , trail by Bill . the sheriff wait on the porch , late - forty , handsome , stetson in hand . they go to he , but we hang back with Jean , watch the scene outside unfold . Bill shake the sheriff 's hand . the sheriff speak earnestly to Barbara and Bill . we can not hear what 's be say , only murmur until -- Barbara sink to she knee . Bill hold she . Jean watch . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 45 . 37 int . kitchen - night 37 johnna enter , snap on the light , start a pot of coffee . stoic , inscrutable . 38 ext . weston house driveway - just before dawn 38 a big pre-dawn sky be change from black to blue . the sheriff walk to he cruiser , kill the flasher . Bill join he , still barefoot . bill what happen ? sheriff couple old boy run jug line in the lake hook he . pull he up . bill he drown . that 's how he die , from drown ? sheriff look it . yes , sir . Bill look off . song bird begin they pre-dawn chatter . bill be there any way to determine if he ... I mean be this a accident , or suicide --? sheriff there 's really no way to tell . bill what 's you guess ? sheriff ... suicide . and now the full weight of it hit Bill . after a moment -- bill how do a a person jump in the water ... and choose not to swim ? 39 int . weston girl bedroom - pre -dawn 39 barb pull on clothes , rake a brush through she hair . Jean appear in the door , watch she . after a moment : " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 46 . 39 continued : 39 jean what about aunt ivy ? barbara I guess we will stop on the way . Christ , I need to call Karen , too . why the fuck be I brush my hair ? she drop the brush . and then a odd sound intrude from downstairs , a song : " Lay down , Sally " by Eric clapton . 40 int . live room - pre -dawn 40 the music be loud . we follow Barbara and Jean halfway down the stair to reveal : violet , high as a kite , do a jerky little dance by the stereo . the sheriff stand uncomfortably by the door , he hat in hand . she shuffles over to he . violet izza story . barely 's back . do sum beer- ley come home ? sheriff ma'am ? violet gizza cig ... some cigezze ? cig-zezz , cig-zizz ... cig-uhzzz ... she laugh at she inability to speak . he take a pall mall from he shirt pocket , hand it to she . light it for she . violet ( cont 'd ) in the archa , archa-tex ? I be in the bottom . inna bottom of they . ( and ) mm , good beat , right ? he nod . Bill come back in from outside . violet ( cont 'd ) Barbara ?! be Barbara here ?! barbara ( quietly ) right here , Mom ... johnna step in from the kitchen , pensively observe . violet mm , good beat , right ? id not it 's a good beat ? ( more ) " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 47 . 40 continued : 40 violet ( cont 'd ) mmmm , I be on the music ... pell man onna sheriff . armen in tandel s'lossle , s'lost ? lose ?! from the day , the day . be beerly ... and beverly lose ? violet abandon she dance , separate invisible thread in the air . the other stand freeze , stare at she . violet ( cont 'd ) and then you be here . and Barbara , and then you be here , and beverly , and then you be here , and then you be here , and then you be here , and then you be here , and then you be here ... 41 ext . skiatook lake road - dawn 41 the sun 's just top the horizon , throw long early shadow across the flat expanse of prairie . scatter tree , a ribbon of asphalt lead to a distant lake , telephone pole . we be high above the country road , follow the sheriff cruiser below . barb 's rental sedan trail behind . barbara ( os ) I use to go out with that boy . that man . 42 int . rental car ( moving ) - early morning 42 Bill drive , ivy up front with he . Barbara sit in the back with Jean . watch the sheriff 's car ahead . jean what man ? the sheriff ? barbara in high school . he be my prom date . jean you be kid . barbara Day of the prom , he father get drunk and steal he car , steal he own son 's car , go somewhere , Mexico . deon show up at the door . he would be cry . confess he do not have a way to take I to the prom . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 48 . 42 continued : 42 the cruiser slow , pull through a pipe gate and over a cattle - crossing , head for a small collection of emergency vehicle park around a brush-strewn cove . bev 's old chevy pick - up truck sit to one side . barbara ( cont 'd ) so we get a six - pack and break into the chapel , stay up all night talk and kissing . now here he be , show I -- ( fight she emotion ) it 's so surreal . thank God we can not tell the future . we would never get out of bed . the car stop . the sheriff get out . bill let I go first , see what they need . Bill go . barb fix Jean with a look . barbara listen to I : die after I , all right ? I do not care what else you do , where you go , how you screw up you life , just ... survive . outlive I , please . they watch the man . a resolute Bill return to get Barbara and ivy . the sister climb out , follow he to the water 's edge . Jean wait a moment , then step out of the car . watch she father lead she mother down the small crack concrete boat ramp to where the sheriff wait by a cover body . as the sheriff pull back the tarp -- 43 int . a sterile room - day 43 White wall , bright overhead light . we be close on a man' pale , lifeless hand . another hand enter frame with a sponge , begin clean off the mud , filth . 44 ext . weston house - day 44 the Weston clan walk to beverly 's lincoln , Bill , Jean . barb and ivy help a distraught violet . all wear mourn black . 45 int . the sterile room - day 45 beverly 's sodden shoe be remove , he sock . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 49 . 45 continued : 45 his limp , greyish arm be guide into a starch white shirt - sleeve . the button carefully buttone . 46 int . beverly car ( moving ) - day 46 Bill drive . Jean beside he . Barbara and ivy sit in the back seat , flanking violet . they ride in silence . we study they face , the brown countryside outside . Bill notice something in he rearview , a red speck , come up fast , very fast . a sport car . it 's suddenly right behind they , fill he mirror . it wait for a semi load down with massive circular hay bale to pass in the opposite lane , then -- roar around . a Ferrari , it 's throaty V -10 rumbling as it scream past , accelerate down the road . Bill and Jean exchange a look , watch it disappear . 47 int . the sterile room - day 47 strong male hand lift beverly 's now dress body carefully and place it into the casket . adjust the pillow , comb he hair into place , fold he hand across he chest . we never see he face , never see he whole body . only this small , intimate piece . 48 int / ext . car / first baptist church of pawhuska - day 48 a few mourner enter the church as Bill pull in to park , discover the Ferrari already there . a woman emerge . barbara Holy shit , that 's Karen . karen weston , forty , lithe , climb from the car . barbara ( cont 'd ) do you remember you aunt Karen ? jean kind of ... steve heidebrecht , fifty , grey , athletic , tan and handsome , get out of the driver 's side . barbara * that must be this year 's man . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 50 . 48 continued : 48 mattie fae and Charlie be wait for they , start over as violet emerge into the blind sun . recoil slightly . mattie fae catch she , whisper comfort into she ear , help she toward the church step . we stay back , watch the weston enter the church -- karen ( vo ) I spend so much time in we bedroom pretend my pillow be my husband and do he like the dinner I make and where be we go to vacation that winter and he would surprise I with ticket to belize and we would kiss . 49 int . beverly lincoln ( moving ) - afternoon 49 Barbara drive , Karen beside she . heat radiate off the road . they follow Charlie 's caddie , vi and ivy visible in the caddie 's back seat window ahead of we . karen I mean I would kiss my pillow , and then I would tell he I would be to the doctor that day and I would find out I be pregnant . I know how pathetic that sound , but it be innocent enough . then real life take over , cause it always do -- barbara -- uh-huh -- here come the red speck in the rearview again . the Ferrari roar up behind they , pull around to pass , honk as it go . barb catch a glimpse of Jean in the passenger seat , Bill jamme into the tiny back seat . karen thing do not work out like you plan . that pillow be a better husband than any real man I would ever meet ; this parade of man fail to live up to you expectation , all of they so much less than daddy or Bill . you punish yourself , tell yourself it 's you fault you can not find a good one . I do not know how well you remember Andrew ... barbara no , I remember . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 51 . 49 continued : 49 karen I love he so intensely , so the thing he do wrong be just opportunity for I to make thing right . if he cheat on I or call I a cunt , I would think " no , love be forever , so here 's a opportunity to make a adjustment in the way you view the world . " the ac be not work , barb 's sweat , roll down she window , let 's the wind whip she hair around . karen ( cont 'd ) and thank God one day I look in the mirror and say , " moron , " and walk out , but it kick off this whole period of reflection , how hard I have screw it up , where would I go wrong . that 's when I get into that book and discussion group -- barbara and Scientology too , right , or something like that --? karen exactly , and finally one day , I throw it all out , I say , " it 's I , just I with my music on the stereo , my glass of wine and bloomer my cat . I do not need anything else , I can live my life with myself . " I get my license , throw myself into my work , sell a lot of house , and that 's when I meet Steve . Charlie slow , signal , turn onto the gravel road lead to the Weston house . barb follow , Karen still go strong -- karen ( cont 'd ) that 's how it work , you only find it when you be not look , you turn around and there it be : Steve . ten year older than I , but a thinker , and he 's just so good . he 's a good man and he 's good to I and he 's good for I . 50 int . weston house stairway / upstair hall - afternoon 50 Barbara lead Karen upstairs , Karen carry she suitcase , Barbara carry Steve 's . Karen 's still talk . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 52 . 50 continued : 50 karen the best thing about he , for I , be that now what I think about be now . I live now . my focus , my life , my world be now . I do not give a care about the past anymore , the mistake I make , the way I think . and you can not plan the future cause as soon as you do , something happen , some terrible thing happen -- barbara like you father drown himself . they enter a bedroom , dump the luggage on the bed . karen that 's exactly what I mean . you take it as it come , here and now ! Steve have a huge presentation today for some big - wig government guy who could be important for he business , something he 's put together for month , and as soon as we hear about daddy , he cancel he meeting . he have he priority straight . and you know what the kicker be ? ( beat ) do you know what the kicker --? Barbara head for the fan on the dresser , flip it on . barbara what 's the kicker ? karen we be go to belize on we honeymoon ! barb stick she face into the fan . Karen watch , what ? barbara sorry . hot flash . 51 int . violet' bedroom - day 51 violet pull a dress from the closet ; mattie fae sit , root through a box of photo ; ivy stand by the door . violet it will not kill you to try it on -- " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 53. 51 continued : 51 mattie fae oh , this be a sweet one , vi -- ivy I find this a tidge morbid , frankly -- mattie fae violet look at this , ivy -- what 's morbid about it ? ivy ( cont 'd ) it 's not my style , Mom . violet you do not have a style , that 's the point . mattie fae where be this take ? violet New York . on the first book tour . ivy I do not have you style , I have a style of my own . violet you wear a suit to you father 's funeral . a woman do not wear a suit to a funeral . ivy God , you be weird ; it 's a black suit . violet you look like a magician 's assistant . mattie fae Little Charles have be talk about move to New York . can you picture that ? violet do not discourage he now -- mattie fae he would not last a day in that city . they would tear he apart . mattie fae ( cont 'd ) ivy I could kill that kid -- why do you feel it necessary to insult I ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 54 . 51 continued : 51 violet stop be so sensitive . mattie fae he oversleep ? for he uncle 's funeral ? a noon service ? ivy I be sure there 's more to the story -- mattie fae do not make excuse for he . that 's what Charlie do . thirty - seven year old and can not drive ? who can not drive ? violet pull more and more clothes from the closet , dump they on the bed . the pile be get very large . mattie fae ( cont 'd ) I have see a chimp drive . ivy why be you give away you clothes ? violet all this shit 's go . I do not plan to spend the rest of my day look at what use to be . I want that shit in the office go , I want this clothes I be never go to wear go . I mean look at this fuck shoe -- ( hold up spike heel ) even if I do not fall on my face , can you imagine anything less attractive , my swollen ankle and varicose vein ? and my toenail , good God : anymore they could dig through cement . 52 int . the kitchen - afternoon 52 johnna 's at the sink , wash and break bean , every kitchen surface be cover with the large dinner she 's prepare . Barbara enter , Karen still pursue she . karen you get a read off Steve ? do you like he ? barbara we say two word to each other -- " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 55 . 52 continued : 52 karen you get a feel , though , do not you ? do you get a feel ? barbara he seem very nice , sweetheart -- barb grab a glass from the cabinet , open the freezer for ice , let she head linger in the cold . karen he be , and -- barbara -- but what I think do not matter . I be not marrying he -- karen I guess what I be tell you be that I be happy . I have be unhappy most of my life , my adult life . I doubt you have be aware of that . I know we life have lead we apart , you , I and ivy . maybe we be not as close as , as close as some family -- barb give up on the freezer , fill she glass with iced tea . barbara yeah , we really need to talk about Mom , what to do about Mom -- karen -- but I think I have not want to live my unhappiness in view of my family . but now I be just really happy . I would like we to get to know each other a little better . Barbara stare at she , what be she talk about ? barbara yes . yes . Karen wrap she arm around Barbara . barbara ( cont 'd ) okay . yes . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 56 . 53 ext . pawhuska liquor store parking lot - afternoon 53 the Ferrari pull into the lot . Bill crawl out , head for the store . a anxious Jean call after he . jean hurry , okay ? bill I will , sweetheart . Steve join Jean , lean against the car . throughout the follow they watch Bill shop for wine inside . steve be it always this hot ? jean usually it 's hotter . steve hard to imagine . ( a beat ) how old be you , about , seventeen ? jean fourteen . steve fourteen , right ... know what I be do when I be fourteen ? cattle processing . know what that be ? jean it do not sound good . steve slaughterhouse sanitation . jean that 's disgusting . steve I do not recommend it . but hey . put food on the table . get it ? a impatient Jean watch she father compare wine inside . steve ( cont 'd ) what 's that smell ? she sniff . do not smell much of anything really . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 57 . 53 continued : 53 jean dumpster over there ? steve Nah , that 's not what I be smell . he sniff the air , then sniff she . jean what be you do ? steve do I smell what I think I smell ? jean what do you smell ? steve what do you think I smell ? jean I think you smell that dumpster . he whiff , hard , breathe she in . steve be that ... pot ? you smoking pot ? jean no . steve you can tell I . jean no . steve you a little dope smoker ? ( beat ) then you be in luck . because I just happen to have some tasty shit . and I be go to hook you up . Bill pay inside , motion to Jean that he 's hurry . jean that would be so great . I just smoke my last bowl and I really need to get fuck up . steve you what ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 58 . 53 continued : 53 jean I really need to get fuck up -- steve you need to get what ? jean you be bad -- Bill hustle out of the store , carry several bag . bill no pinots , but they have some decent California merlot . crawl into the car . Steve grin to Jean over the roof of the car , climb in behind the wheel . 54 int . violet' bedroom - day 54 the closet be mostly empty now , the bed overflow with discard clothes . mattie fae nurse a cocktail , hand a * photo to violet . violet look at I . ( show photo to ivy ) look at I . ivy you be beautiful , Mom . violet I be beautiful . not anymore . mattie fae ivy oh , now -- you be still beautiful . violet ( cont 'd ) one of that lie we tell to give we comfort . woman be beautiful when they be young and not after . Men can still preserve they sex appeal into old age . not that man like you see with short and that little purse around they waist . some man can maintain a weary masculinity . woman just get old and fat and wrinkly . mattie fae I beg you pardon ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 59 . 54 continued : 54 violet think about the last time you go to the mall and see some sweet little gal and think she 's a cute trick . what make she that way ? taut skin , firm boob , a ass above she knee . mattie fae I be still very sexy , thank you very much . violet you be about as sexy as a wet card - board box , mattie fae , you and I both . look , would not we be better off if we stop lie about this thing and tell the truth ? " woman be not sexy when they be old . " I can live with that . can you live with that ? mattie fae what about Sophia loren ? what about lena horne ? she stay sexy till she be eighty . violet find something else in the closet for ivy to try . violet the world be round . get over it . now try this dress on . ivy I be sorry , I will not . violet you do not know how to attract a man . I do . that 's something I always -- ivy we just bury my father , I be not try to attract --! violet I be not talk about today , dummy , this be something you can wear -- ivy I have a man . all right ? I have a man . violet you say you be not look for a man -- " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 60 . 54 continued : 54 ivy and I be not . because I have one . okay ? now will you leave it alone ? violet mattie fae no , I will not leave it alone . no , let 's not leave it alone . ivy ( cont 'd ) I wish you both could see the brainsick look on you face -- violet who be it ? ivy nobody . forget it -- mattie fae tell we , be he someone from school ? how old be he , what 's he do --? ivy I be not tell you anything so -- mattie fae you have to tell we something ! ivy no , I really do not . violet be you in love , ivy ? ivy I ... I do not ... I be ... ivy burst into awkward laughter , vi and mattie squeal . 55 ext . weston house - afternoon 55 the Ferrari roar up the drive . Jean jump out , race into the house . Bill and Steve emerge , grab the wine . steve no , we maintain the account off - shore , just until we get approval . bill to get around approval ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 61 . 55 continued : 55 steve to get around approval until we get approval . there 's a lot of red tape , bureaucracy , I do not know how much you know about Florida , Florida politics -- bill only what I read and that 's -- steve right , right , this kind of business in particular . Charlie , key in hand , come out , head for he caddie . bill ... Charlie ? charlie pick up Little Charles . Charlie climb in behind the wheel , pull away . steve Little Charles ? bill his son . I be sorry , what be you * business again ? they start up the porch step with the wine . steve you know , it 's essentially security work . the situation in the Middle East be perpetually dangerous , so there 's a tremendous amount of money involved . bill Security work . you mean ... mercenary ? 56 int . kitchen / weston live room - afternoon 56 Bill and Steve enter . Barbara 's in the dining room with Karen and mattie fae set the table . go for the man . barbara give . me. the wine . she pull a bottle of merlot from Bill 's grocery bag . hear something , look into the live room as she pass . Jean have just turn on the tv , loud . Barbara stare for a beat . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 62 . 56 continued : 56 barbara ( cont 'd ) be that what you be in such a hurry to get home for ? what the hell 's on tv that 's so important you ? jean phantom of the Opera , 1925 . barbara for God 's sake , you can get it at any blockbuster . jean they be show it with the scene in color restore . Steve 's appear in the live room archway . steve cool . barbara let I make sure I have get this : when you throw a fit about go to the store with you dad ... hey , look at I . ( Jean do ) and you be so distraught over the start time of you grandpa 's funeral . be this you concern ? get back here in time to watch phantom of the Fucking Opera ? jean I guess . barb give Jean a wither look , exit . Bill take the wine from Steve , follow . Steve linger , watch the tv . steve phantom of the Opera , huh ? jean huh-uh . Karen enter from the dining room , sidle up to Steve . karen hi , doodle . steve ( focus on the tv ) hey , baby . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 63. 56 continued : 56 karen ( in super - baby-voice ) hi , doodle ! Steve turn to she , embrace she . they kiss . his hand wander , squeeze she ass . she giggle , then break it . karen ( cont 'd ) come on , I want to show you we old fort . man , the air in here just do not move . she go . he start , but stop . quietly to Jean : steve hook you up , later . 57 int / ext . greyhound bus / parking lot - afternoon 57 we be inside the bus , sit next to a man , little charle , thirty - seven , rangy and awkward . he stare pensively out at the pass pawhuska storefront as the bus slow , pull into a parking lot next to the bank . he spot Charlie , wait , drink a Coke . Little Charles exhales , stand . step reluctantly out into the heat . little charle I be sorry , dad . charlie no need to apologize . little charle I know Mom 's mad at I . charlie do not worry about she . little charle what do she say ? charlie you mother , she say what she say . little charle I set the alarm . I do . charlie I know you do . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 64 . 57 continued : 57 little charle I love uncle bev , you know that . charlie stop apologize . little charle the power must have go out . I wake up and the clock be blink noon . that mean the power go out , right ? charlie it 's okay . little charle I miss he funeral ! charlie it 's a ceremony . it 's ceremonial . it do not mean anything compare to what you have in you heart . ( and , then ) hold on , comb you hair . Charlie hand Little Charles he comb . little charle uncle bev must be disappointed in I . charlie you uncle bev have get bigger and better thing ahead of he . he do not have time for spite . he be not that kind of man anyway -- Charlie start for the driver 's side , stop when he see Little Charles weep . returns to he , comfort he . charlie ( cont 'd ) hey , hey . it 's okay . it 's okay , now ... little charle just ... I know how thing be . I know how they feel about I and something like this ... you want to be there for people , and I miss uncle bev 's funeral , and I know how they feel about I -- charlie how who feel about you ? feel what about you ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 65 . 57 continued : 57 little charle all of they . I know what they say . charlie they do not say thing about you -- little charle I see how they be . I do not blame they . I be sorry I let you down , dad . charlie you have not let I down . you never let I down . now listen ... you be wrong about this people , they love you . some of they have not get a chance to see what I see : a fine man , very loving , with a lot to offer . now take this ... ( a handkerchief ) give I my comb . stand up straight , look folk in the eye . stop be so hard on yourself . little charle I love you , dad . charlie Love you too , son . 58 ext . weston backyard - afternoon 58 Barbara burst out of the back porch screen and into the yard , head to the old barn . Bill follow . barbara phantom of the Opera -- bill you do not remember what it be like to be fourteen ? barbara she 's old enough to exhibit a little character . but that 's something you normally learn from you parent . bill that 's a shot across my bow , right ? I miss something . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 66 . 58 continued : 58 barbara really ? instill character : we burden as parent . bill I get that part . barbara and you really have not be much of a parent lately , so it 's tough to -- bill just because you and I be struggle with this gordian knot do not mean -- barbara Nice , " gordian knot , " but she fourteen - year - old self might view it differently , might consider it " abandonment " -- bill oh , come on , she 's a little more sophisticated than that , do not you think ? Barbara kick at a old , stick , door . enter -- 59 int . the workshop at the back of the barn - day 59 make she way to the back where old dinner chair hang from nail pound into the overhead beam . barbara pretty fuck sophisticated , the restore whatever from phantom of the Opera , I know that make you dick hard -- bill Barbara -- barbara precocious little shit . bill I be not defend she . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 67 . 59 continued : 59 barbara bill ( voice rise ) ( voice rise ) I be not blame she , because I be on you side . how can we I do not expect she to act any fight when I be on you side ? differently when she father Barbara ... Barbara , settle be a selfish son-of - a-bitch . down ! barbara be a father ! help I ! bill I be she father , goddamn it ! barbara her father in name only ! bill I have not forsook my responsibility ! Barbara hand dusty batter chair back to Bill . barbara it 's " forsaken , " big shot ! bill actually , " forsook " be also a acceptable usage --! barbara oh , " forsook " you and the horse you ride in on -- each now with chair in hand , head out into -- 60 ext . the back yard - day 60 and the blind sunlight . start back for the house . bill you do not fight fair . barbara I have see where that get I ! I be sick of the whole notion of the endure female . grow up ! Cause while you be go through you fifth puberty , the world be fall apart and you kid can not handle it ! " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 68 . 60 continued : 60 bill we kid be just try to deal with this goddamn madhouse you have drag she into . barbara this madhouse be my home . bill think about that statement for a second , why do not you ? barbara Jean be here with I because this be a family event . bill Jean 's here with you because she 's a buffer between you and the shrill insanity of you mother . barbara y'know , you would have a lot more credibility if you have any credibility . bill you can not resist , can you ? barbara you be a pretty easy mark . bill you be so goddamn self - righteous , you know ? you be so -- barbara surely you must have know when you start pork pippi longstock you be due for a little self - righteousness , just a smidge of indignation on my part -- bill maybe I split because of it . they have reach the back porch stair . she turn on he . barbara be this you confession , then , when you finally unload all ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 69 . 60 continued : 60 bill you be thoughtful , Barbara , but you be not open . you be passionate , but you be hard . you be a good , decent , funny , wonderful woman , and I love you , but you be a pain in the ass . Bill push past she up the stair , disappear inside . 61 int . beverly study - afternoon 61 violet stand in the middle of the room . sunlight stream in through the window surround she . approach beverly 's swivel chair , touch the back , ... slowly spin it ...sits . violet August ... you month . locust be raging , " summer psalm become summer wrath . " ` course it 's only August out there . in here ... who know ? ( and then ) all right ... okay . " the carriage hold but just ourselves , " dum -de-dum ... mm , best I get ... Emily dickenson 's all I get ... something something , " horse 's head be toward eternity ... " produce a bottle of pill , shake one out , take it . violet ( cont 'd ) that 's for I . one for I . survey the photo behind he desk . the girl . vi and bev together in happier time . pick up the hardback meadowlark Bill leave . find beverly 's read glass on the desk , put they on . thumb through it , find the dedication : simply : violet ( cont 'd ) for my violet ... violet smile ruefully , take another pill . violet ( cont 'd ) for the girl , God love `em . survey the book with something border on disgust . another pill . sits. wait . for what ? she 's not sure . barbara ( os ) Mom ?! food 's on the table ! she take a final look around , take one last pill . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 70 . 62 int . dine room - afternoon 62 johnna , Karen , Steve and mattie fae carry in serve dish , set they down on the already overlade table . Charlie pour himself a sweet tea . karen this be lovely ! you do all this ? johnna mattie fae mm-hmm . she 's a wonder , this one . Bill pass through , carry we into the live room where he find Jean , still watch the movie . bill turn that off , it 's time to eat . jean do not suppose I could eat in here ? bill you suppose right . ivy come down the stair , look . ivy do I hear Little Charles ? charlie he go back out to the car . 63 ext . back yard - afternoon 63 ivy step out onto the porch . Little Charles be by he father 's car , retrieve a pyrex dish . little charle Mom 's casserole . shut the door , rest the casserole on the hood . ivy they say you oversleep . little charle maybe I purposely accidentally oversleep . I do not know . I be sorry . ivy please . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 71 . 63 continued : 63 little charle I know you have one of the worst day of you life and I be sorry if I -- ivy we do not have to do that with each other . she embrace he , kiss he . he look toward the house . little charle you be break we rule . ivy they be on to I . not we , just I . I tell they I be see someone . I do not tell they who . I just want you to know , in case it come up . ( he stare at she ) what ? ( beat ) Charles ... little charle I adore you . 64 int . dine room - afternoon 64 Barbara , Bill , mattie fae , Charlie , Karen , and Steve be already seat . the man have remove they suit coat . charlie pass the casserole , please ? mattie fae my casserole 's come . charlie I will eat some of yours , too -- barbara ( call out ) Mom ?! let 's eat ! Little Charles and ivy enter with the casserole . mattie fae there he be . I want to put you at a kid 's table but they would not let I . little charle where do you want this ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 72 . 64 continued : 64 ad-lib greeting , hug , handshake , Karen 's introduction of Steve . ivy slip in and take she seat . Little Charles go to put mattie fae 's casserole on the table , but drop it . it land on the floor with a sicken splat . little charle ( cont 'd ) bill oh Jesus --! whoops . mattie fae steve goddamn it --! o-pah ! mattie fae you goddamn clumsy goofball ! little charle charlie Mom , I be so sorry -- all right , nobody 's hurt . Little Charles help johnna clean up the mess . mattie fae ( cont 'd ) what about I ? I be hurt . charlie little charle you be not hurt . Mom , Jesus , I be sorry -- ivy it 's just a accident . mattie fae that 's my casserole ! charlie steve let it go , mattie fae . it 's not a party until someone spill something . charlie Jean , you do not get any chicken . barbara jean no , she will not -- I do not eat meat . charlie steve you do not eat meat . good for you . charlie ( cont 'd ) " do not eat meat . " okay . who want chicken ? Little Charles , chicken ? mattie fae just put it on he plate for he or he 's liable to burn the house down . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 73. 64 continued : 64 charlie all right , mattie fae . barbara Mom ...! violet enter with a small frame photo of she and bev. violet barb ... will you put this ? barbara yeah , sure . Barbara take it , place it on the sideboard . mattie fae karen that 's nice . that 's sweet . violet I see you gentleman have stripped down to you shirt front . I think we be have a funeral dinner , not a cockfight . a awkward beat . the man glumly put they suit coat back on . violet ( cont 'd ) someone should probably say grace . ( no response ) Barbara ? barbara uncle Charlie should say it . he 's the patriarch around here now . charlie I be ? oh , I guess I be . violet by default . charlie okay . ( clear he throat ) dear Lord ... all bow they head . charlie ( cont 'd ) we ask that you watch over this family in this sad time , o Lord ... ( more ) " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 74 . 64 continued : 64 charlie ( cont 'd ) that you bless this good woman and keep she in you , in you ... grace . a cell phone ring , play the theme from sanford and son. Steve dig through he pocket , find the phone , check it . steve I have to take this . Steve hustle into the kitchen to talk on the phone . charlie we ask that you watch over beverly , too , as he , as he ... as he ... make he journey . we thank thee , o Lord , that we be able to join together to pay tribute to this fine man , in he house , with he beautiful daughter . we be truly bless in we , we fellowship , we togetherness , we ... we fellowship . thank thee for the food , o Lord , that we can share this food and replenish we body with ... nutrient . we ask that you help we ... get better . be better people . Steve reenter from the kitchen , snap he phone shut . charlie ( cont 'd ) we recognize now more than ever the power , the ... joy of family . we ask that you bless and watch over this family . amen . steve amen . sorry folk . bill let 's eat . they begin to eat . everyone but violet , who smoke instead . violet barb , have any use for that sideboard ? barbara hm ? violet that sideboard there , you have any interest in that ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 75 . 64 continued : 64 barbara this ? well ... no . I mean , why ? violet I be get rid of a lot of this stuff and I think you might want that sideboard . barbara no , Mom , I ... I would not have any way to get that home to Colorado . karen really pretty . violet mm. maybe ivy will take it . ivy I have something like that , remember -- violet clear all this out of here . I want to have a brand new everything . barbara i. I guess I be just sort of ... not prepare to talk about you stuff . violet suit yourself . steve this food be just spectacular . karen little charle it 's so good -- yes , it be -- ivy you like you food , Mom ? violet I have not try much of it , yet -- barbara johnna cook this whole meal by herself . violet `s what she 's pay for . a silent moment . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 76 . 64 continued : 64 violet ( cont 'd ) y'all do know she 's get pay , right ? charlie Jean , so I be curious , when you say you do not eat meat , you mean you do not eat meat of any kind ? jean right . charlie and be that for health reason , or ...? jean when you eat meat , you ingest a animal 's fear . violet ingest what ? it 's fur ? jean fear . violet I think she say -- charlie how do you do that ? you can not eat fear . jean sure you can . what happen to you , when you feel afraid ? do not you body produce all sort of chemical reaction ? charlie do it ? little charle ivy it do . yes . little charle adrenaline , and , and -- jean you body go through a whole chemical process when it experience fear . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 77 . 64 continued : 64 little charle -- yep , and cortisol -- jean do not you think a animal experience fear ? steve you bet it do . I use to work in a cattle processing plant , lot of fear fly around that place . jean so when you eat a animal , you be eat all that fear it feel when it be slaughter to make food . charlie wow . you mean I have be eat fear , what , three time a day for sixty year ? mattie fae this one will not have a meal `less there 's meat in it . charlie I guess it 's the way I be raise , but it just do not seem like a legitimate meal `less it have some meat somewhere -- mattie fae if I make a pasta dish of some kind , he will be like , " okay , that 's good for a appetizer , now where 's the meat ? " violet " where 's the meat ? " be not that some tv commercial , the old lady say , " where 's the meat ? " karen " beef , " " where 's the beef ? " violet ( screeching ) " where 's the meat ? ! " " where 's the meat ? ! " " where 's the meat ?! " barbara that 's pleasant . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 78 . 64 continued : 64 charlie I think the service be lovely . karen steve yes , be not they --? preacher do a fine job . vi stick she hand out , flat , wiggle it back and forth . violet ehhhhh ! I give it a ... ( repeat gesture ) ehhhhh ! karen barbara really ? I think it be -- great , now we get some dramatic criticism . violet ( cont 'd ) too much talk about poetry , teach . he have not write any poetry to speak of since ` 65 and he never like teach worth a damn . nobody talk about the good stuff . man be a world - class alcoholic , more and fifty year . nobody tell the story about that night he get wrangle into give a talk at that tu alumnus dinner ... ( laugh ) drank a whole bottle of ron bocoy White rum -- do not know why I remember that -- and get up to give this talk , and he foule himself ! come back to we table with this huge -- barbara yeah , I can not imagine why no one tell that story . steve I do not know much about poetry , but I think he poem be extraordinary . ( to Bill ) and you read be very fine . bill thank you . violet ( to Steve ) who be you ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 79 . 64 continued : 64 karen Mom , this be my fiance , Steve , I introduce you at the church . steve Steve heidebrecht . violet hide - the-what ? steve heidebrecht . violet hide -a-burrr ... german , you be a german . steve well , german - irish , really , I -- violet that 's peculiar , Karen , to bring a date to you father 's funeral . I know the poetry be good , but I would not have really consider it date material -- barbara Jesus . karen he 's not a date , he 's my fiance . we be get marry on New year . in Miami , I hope you can make it . violet I do not really see that happen , do you ? Steve . that right ? Steve ? steve yes , mar 'am . violet you ever be marry before ? karen that 's personal . steve I do not mind . yes , mar 'am , I have . violet more and once ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 80 . 64 continued : 64 steve Three time , actually , three time before this -- violet you should pretty much have it down by now , then . steve ( laugh ) right , right -- everybody 's eat , pass food . vi turn to mattie fae . violet I have that one peg . I mean , look at he , you can tell he 's be marry . karen I take Steve out to show he the old fort and it 's go ! ivy karen that 's be go for year . that make I so sad ! bill what be this now ? karen we old fort , where we use to play Cowboys and Indians . ivy daddy say rat be get in there . violet Karen ! shame on you ! do not you know not to say Cowboys and Indians ? you play Cowboys and Native Americans , right barb ? barbara what do you take ? what pill ? violet lemme alone -- Charlie 's silverware clatter to the floor . he appear to be have some kind of attack . charlie uh-oh ! " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 81 . 64 continued : 64 mattie fae what be it ? charlie uh -oh ! mattie fae what 's the matter ? little charle ivy dad --? you okay , uncle -- charlie I get a big bite of fear ! I be shakin ' in my boot ! fear never taste so good . laughter . Charlie dig into he plate ravenously . steve right , right , it 's pretty good once you get use to the taste . barbara I catch she eat a cheeseburger every now and again . jean I do not ! barbara double cheeseburger , bacon , extra fear . jean Mom , you be such a liar ! more laughter . violet stare at Jean . violet y'know ... if I ever call my mom a liar ? she would have knock my goddamn head off my shoulder . silence . violet ( cont 'd ) you girl know there 's a will . barbara Mom ... " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 82 . 64 continued : 64 violet we take care of it some time back . barbara Mom , we do not want to talk about this . violet I want to talk about it . what about what I want to talk about , that count for anything ? ( beat ) bev make some good investment , believe it or not , and we have money for you girl in he will , but we talk it over after some year pass and decide to change thing , leave everything to I . we never get around to take care of it legally , but you should know he mean to leave the money to I . barbara okay . violet okay ? ( look to ivy , Karen ) okay ? ivy okay . violet Karen ? okay ? uncertain , Karen look to Steve , then Barbara . barbara okay . karen okay . violet okay . but now some of this furniture , some of this old shit you can just have . I do not want it , get no use for it . maybe I should have a auction . mattie fae sure , a auction 's a fine idea -- " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 83. 64 continued : 64 violet some thing , though , like the silver , that 's worth a pretty penny . but if you like I will sell it to you , cheaper and I might get in a auction . barbara or you might never get around to the auction and then we can just have it for free after you die . ivy Barbara ... beat . violet coolly study Barbara . violet you might at that . little charle Excuse I , Bill ? I be wonder , the read you do , that poem --? violet where be you live now , Bill ? you want this old sideboard ? bill I beg you pardon . violet you and Barbara be separate , right ? or you divorced already ? bill ... we be separate . violet ( to Barbara ) think you could slip that one by I , do not you ? barbara what be the matter with you ? violet nobody slip anything by I . I know what 's what . you father think he 's slip one by I , right ? no way . I be sorry you two be have trouble , maybe you can work it out . bev and I separate a few time , course we do not call it that . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 84 . 64 continued : 64 barbara help we to benefit from a illustration of you storybook marriage . violet Truth be , you can not compete with a young woman . one of that unfair thing in life . be there a young woman involved ? barbara you have say enough on this topic , I think . bill yes . there 's a young woman . violet y'see ? odd be against you there , babe . ivy Mom believe woman do not grow more attractive with age . karen oh , I disagree , I -- violet I do not say they " do not grow more attractive , " I say they get ugly . and it 's not really a matter of opinion , Karen dear . you have only just start to prove it yourself . charlie you be in rare form today , vi. violet the day call for it , do not it ? what form would you have I in ? charlie I just do not understand why you be so adversarial . violet I be just truth -telling . ( to Barbara ) some people get antagonize by the truth . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 85 . 64 continued : 64 charlie everyone here love you , dear . violet you think you can shame I , Charlie ? blow it out you ass . barbara Three day ago ... I have to identify my father 's corpse . now I be suppose to sit here and listen to you viciously attack each and every member of this family -- violet rise , she voice booming . violet attack my family ?! you ever be attack in you sweet spoiled life ?! tell she `bout attack , mattie fae , tell she what a attack look like ! mattie fae ivy vi , please -- settle down , Mom -- violet ( cont 'd ) stop tell I to settle down , goddam it ! I be not a goddamn invalid ! I do not need to be abide , do I ?! be I already pass over ?! mattie fae honey -- violet ( point to mattie fae ) this woman come to my rescue when one of my dear mother 's many gentleman friend be attack I , with a claw hammer ! you think you be attack ?! what do you know about life on this Plains ? what do you know about hard time ? barbara I know you have a rotten childhood , Mom . who do not ? violet you don 't know ! you do not know ! none of you know , icept this woman right here and that man we bury today ! ( more ) " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 86 . 64 continued : 64 violet ( cont 'd ) sweet girl , sweet Barbara , my heart break for every time you ever feel pain . I wish I coulda shield you from it . but if you think for a solitary second you can fathom the pain that man endure in he natural life , you get another think come . * do you know where you father live from age four till about ten ? do you ? no one respond . violet ( cont 'd ) do you ?! barbara no . ivy no . violet in a pontiac sedan . with he mother , he father , in a fuck car ! now what do you want to say about you rotten childhood ? that 's the crux of the biscuit : we live too hard , then rise too high . we sacrifice everything and we do it all for you . you father and I be the first in we family to finish high school and he wound up a award - win poet . you girl , give a college education , take for grant no doubt , and where would you wind up ? ( jab a finger at Karen ) whadda you do ? ( jab a finger at ivy ) whadda you do ? ( jab a finger at Barbara ) who be you ? Jesus , you work as hard as we , you would all be President . you never have real problem so you get to make all you problem yourselves . barbara why be you scream at we ? violet just time we have some truth 's tell `round here . damn fine day , tell the truth . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 87 . 64 continued : 64 there 's a long pause as everyone gather themselves , then : * charlie well , the truth be ... I be get full . steve amen . johnna there 's dessert , too . karen I see she make that pie . they look so good . Little Charles suddenly stand . little charle I have a truth to tell . violet it speak . ivy ( softly plead ) no , no -- charlie what be it , son ? little charle I have a truth . mattie fae Little Charles ...? little charle I ... ivy Charles , not like this , please ... little charle the truth be ... I forget to set the clock . the power do not go out , I just ... forget to set the clock . sorry , Mom . I be sorry , everyone . Excuse I ... i... i. he stumble from the room . a long moment , then -- " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 88. 64 continued : 64 violet scintillate . mattie fae ( to Charlie ) I give up a long time ago ... Little Charles be you project . ivy ( near tear ) Charles . his name be Charles . violet poor ivy . poor thing . ivy please , Mom ... violet poor baby . ivy please ... violet she always have a feel for the underdog . ivy do not be mean to I right now , okay ? violet everyone 's get this idea I be mean all of a sudden . ivy please , momma . violet I tell you , I be just tell the -- barbara you be a drug addict . violet that be the truth ! that 's what I be get at ! I , everybody listen ... I be a drug addict . I be addict to drug , pill , specially downer . she pull a bottle from she pocket , hold they up . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 89 . 64 continued : 64 violet ( cont 'd ) y'see this little blue baby ? this be my best fuck friend and they never let I down . try to get `em away from I and I will eat you alive . Barbara lunge at the bottle , she and vi wrestle for it . barbara gimme that goddamn pill -- violet I will eat you alive , girl ! Bill and ivy try to restrain Barbara ; mattie fae try to restrain violet . other rise , ad-lib . pandemonium . steve ivy Holy shit -- Barbara , stop it --! charlie karen hey , now , c'mon --! oh God -- violet wrest the pill from barb . Bill pull barb back into she seat . violet shake the bottle , taunting barb . barb lunge again , grab she mother by the hair , toppling chair , they crash into the -- 65 int . live room - afternoon 65 tumble to the floor . pandemonium , scream . the family rush after they into the live room . barb have she mother pin on the floor and be strangling she . Bill and Charlie struggle to pull Barbara off , pry she finger off violet 's throat and get she away . johnna and mattie fae rush to violet , get she to a chair . violet goddamn you ... goddamn you , barb ... barbara shut up ! ( silence ) okay . pill raid . johnna , help ivy in the kitchen ; Bill and Jean upstairs with I . ( to ivy ) you remember how to do this , right ? ivy yeah ... " August " 10/23/12 blue draft 90 . 65 continued : 65 barbara go through everything . every closet , every drawer , every shoebox . charlie what should we do ? barbara get Mom some black coffee , a wet towel and listen to she bullshit . Karen , call Dr. burke . violet you can not do this ! this be my house ! this be my house ! barbara you do not get it , do you ? she stride to she mother , loom over she . barbara ( cont 'd ) i'm running thing now ! 66 int . upstair hallway - late afternoon 66 the hallway be empty , but we hear the sound of the search come from the bedroom . Barbara appear , look through the linen closet , look behind stack towel and old electric blanket . find a bottle of pill in the back . ivy come upstairs , follow closely by Karen . hold out pill * bottle , barb add they to the one she 's already collect in a large Ziplock bag . ivy that 's all we could find . * barb head for the bathroom , lift the toilet seat . begins * dump pill into the bowl . Karen examine the bottle . * karen * why would Dr. burke write she so many * prescription ? do not he know --? * ivy * it 's not just he . she 's get a doctor * in every port . * * " August " 11/09/12 pink draft 91 . 66 continued : 66 barbara you know this be go on again ? ivy shrug . finish empty the pill , barb flush the * toilet , step to she mother 's open bedroom door , look in . 67 int . violet' bedroom - late afternoon 67 violet lay motionless on the bed in the semi-darkness , face the wall , still fully clothed . ivy and Karen join she . they stare at they mother 's comatose form . finally : * karen now what ? barbara * wine ... lot of wine . * a68 omit a68 * 68 omit 68 * 69 omit 69 * a70 ext . weston house yard / gazebo - night a70 * Barbara , ivy , Karen and the remain of the dinner wine sit * around the table in the backyard gazebo . * barbara * think we can goad Mom into give * burke she " great " generation * speech tomorrow , tell he about the * claw hammer ? * " August " 11/11/12 yellow page 92. a70 continued : a70 ivy wo not do any good , he 's part of the same generation . barbara " greatest generation , " my ass . what * make they so great ? because they * be poor and hate Nazis ? who do not fuck hate Nazis ? remember * when we check she in the psych ward , that stunt she pull ? ivy * Big speech , she 's get clean , make this incredible sacrifice for she family , she 's let we down but now * she will prove she 's a good mother . karen I be not there . barbara she smuggle darvocet into the psych ward ... in she vagina . there 's you greatest generation for you . she make this speech to we while she be clenching a bottle of pill in she cooch , for God 's sake . karen God , I have never hear this story . " August " 11/11/12 yellow page 93. a70 continued : a70 ivy do you just say " cooch " ? barbara the phrase " Mom 's pussy " seem gauche . ivy you be a little more comfortable with " cooch , " be you ? barbara what word should I use to describe we mother 's vagina ? ivy I do not know , but -- barbara " Mom 's beaver " ? " mother 's box " ? ivy karen oh God -- Barbara ! as they laughter slowly die down -- * karen one thing about Mom and dad . you have to tip you cap to anyone who can stay marry that long . ivy Karen . he kill himself . barbara be there something go on between you and Little Charles ? ivy I do not know that I be comfortable talk about that . " August " 11/09/12 pink draft 93a . a70 continued : a70 barbara because you know he 's we first cousin . ivy give I a break . karen you know you should not consider child . ivy I can not anyway , I have a hysterectomy last year . what ? Barbara and Karen stare at ivy . " August " 10/23/12 blue draft 94 . a70 continued : a70 karen * why ? ivy cervical cancer . karen I do not know . barbara neither do I . ivy I do not tell anyone except Charles . that 's where it start between we . barbara why not ? ivy and hear it from Mom the rest of my life ? she do not need another excuse to treat I like some damage thing . barbara you might have tell we . ivy you do not tell we about you and Bill . barbara that 's different . ivy why ? because it 's you , and not I ? barbara because divorce be a embarrassing public admission of defeat . Cancer 's fuck cancer , you can not help that . we be you sister . ivy * I do not feel that connection very * keenly . * karen * I feel very connect , to both of you . * ivy * we never see you , you be never around , * you have not be around -- * " August " 10/23/12 blue draft 95 . a70 continued : a70 karen * I still feel that connection ! * ivy I can not perpetuate this myth of family or sisterhood anymore . we be just people , some of we accidentally connect by genetics , a random selection of cell . * barbara when do you get so cynical ? ivy that 's funny , come from you . barbara bitter , sure , but " random selection of cell ? " ivy maybe my cynicism come with the realization that the responsibility of * caring for we parent be mine alone . barbara do not give I that . I participate -- ivy till you have enough and get out , you and Karen both . I be not criticize . do what you want . you do , Karen do . barbara and if you do not , that 's not my fault . ivy that 's right , so do not lay this sister thing on I , all right ? when I leave * here I will not feel any more guilty than * you two do . * karen * I can not believe you world view be * this dark . * ivy * you live in Florida . * * " August " 11/09/12 pink draft 96-97 . a70 continued : a70 barbara you be think of leave ? ivy Charles and I be go to New York . barb burst out in derisive laughter . Karen join she . barbara what be you go to do in New York ? ivy we have plan . barbara like what ? ivy none of you business . barbara what about Mom ? ivy what about she ? barbara you feel comfortable leave Mom here ? ivy do you ? ( then ) you think she be tough when he be alive ? think what it 's go to be like now . * ( to Karen ) you be go back to Miami , right ? karen yes . ivy stand , gather up she wine glass . " August " 10/23/12 blue draft 98. a70 continued : a70 ivy * there you go , barb . you want to know * what we be do about Mom ? Karen and * I be leave . you want to stay , * that 's you decision . but nobody get * to point a finger at I . nobody . * ivy start back for the house . * 70 omit 70 * 71 omit 71 * 72 ext . weston house yard - night 72 * the Weston woman head for the house . * violet * my girl all together . hear you * just now give I a warm feel . * violet , sit on the swing in the semi-darkness , smoking , she * hair wrap in a towel . they have not see she . how long have * she be there ? * " August " 10/23/12 blue draft 99 . 72 continued : 72 barbara * you have a bath ? * violet * uh-huh ... * barbara you need something to eat ? more * coffee ? violet no , honey , I be fine . ( then ) this house must have hear a lot of Weston girl secret . Karen move to she mother , sit next to she on the swing . barb lean against a fence post , ivy hang back . * karen I get embarrassed just think about it . Karen take a tube of hand creme from she purse . violet oh ... nothing to be embarrassed about . secret crush , secret scheme . Province of teenage girl . I can not imagine anything more delicate , or bittersweet . some part of you girl I always identify with ... no matter how old you get , a woman 's hard - press to throw off that part of herself . ( to Karen , be : hand creme ) that smell good . karen it 's apple . you want some ? violet yes , please . violet put out she cigarette . Karen pass she the creme . violet ( cont 'd ) I ever tell you the story of Raymond quall ? not much story to it . Boy I have a crush on when I be thirteen or so . rough-looking boy , beat - up Levis , messy hair . terrible underbite . ( more ) " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 100 . 72 continued : 72 violet ( cont 'd ) but he have this beautiful cowboy boot , shiny chocolate leather . he be so proud of that boot , you could tell , way he would strut around , all arm and elbow , puffed up and cocksure . I decide I need to get a girly pair of that same boot and I convinced myself he would ask I to go steady . he would see I in that boot and say " now there 's the gal for I . " violet light another cigarette . * violet ( cont 'd ) found the boot in a window downtown and just go crazy : praying for that boot , rehearse the conversation I would have with Raymond when he see I in my boot . must have ask my momma a hundred time if I could get that boot . " what do you want for Christmas , vi ? " " momma , I will give all of it up just for that boot . " bargain , you know ? she start drop hint about a package under the tree she have wrap up , about the size of a boot box , nice wrapping paper . " now , vi , do not you cheat and look in there before Christmas morning . " Little smile on she face . Christmas morning , I be up like a shot , boy , under the tree , tear open that box . there be a pair of boot , all right ... man 's work boot , hole in the toe , chew up lace , cake in mud and dog shit . Lord , my momma laugh for day . silence . barbara please do not tell I that 's the end of the story . violet oh , no . that 's the end . ivy shake she head , go inside . she 's have enough of violet to last a lifetime . karen you never get the boot ? " August " 11/09/12 pink draft 101 . 72 continued : 72 violet no , huh -uh . barbara okay , well , that 's the worst story I ever hear . that make I wish for a heartwarming claw hammer story . violet my momma be a nasty - mean old lady . I suppose that 's where I get it from . a awkward moment . karen you be not nasty - mean . you be we mother and we love you . violet thank you , sweetheart . Karen lean she head against she mother 's shoulder , take she mother 's hand . off Barbara , watch this -- 73 int . guest room - early morning 73 Barbara wake , take a moment to get she bearing . early sunlight pour in . Bill 's still asleep . she sit up , study he . surprise to find he beside she . 74 omit 74 * 75 omit 75 * " August " 11/09/12 pink draft 102. 76 int / ext . backyard - early morning 76 * Barbara stand in the door . close she eye , let the * early morning sun warm she . after a long moment , johnna appear with a coffee mug . barb take it , nod she thanks . barbara last time I speak with my father , we talk about the state of the world , and he say , " you know , this country be always pretty much a whorehouse , but at least it use to have some promise . now it 's just a shithole . " I think maybe he be talk about something else , something more specific , personal ... this house ? this family ? his marriage ? himself ? there be something sad in he voice -- not sad , he always sound sad -- hopeless . as if it have already happen . as if whatever be disappear have already disappear . and no one see it go . this country , this experiment , America , this hubris : what a lament , if no one see it go . johnna Mrs. fordham , be you go to fire I ? barbara what ? no . but I will understand if you want to quit . I mean , there 's work . and then there 's work . johnna I be familiar with this job . I can do this job . I do not do it for you or Mrs. Weston . or even for Mr. Weston . right ? I do it for I . barbara why ? johnna I need the work . barbara johnna , do my father say anything to you ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 103 . 76 continued : 76 johnna he just seem like maybe he have ... he * talk about ... ( beat ) he talk a lot about he daughter , he three daughter , and he granddaughter . that be he joy . barbara thank you . that make I feel better . know that you can lie . johnna smile . 77 int . doctor' office / waiting room - day 77 Barbara sit opposite dr . burke , a genial , charming and remotely creepy small town doctor . ivy stand . violet be visible out in the wait room , Karen sit with she . dr . burke the chemotherapy and the radiation , couple with the overuse of pain medication -- barbara -- right -- dr . burke -- and without the benefit of more thorough testing , a mri or ct scan , I believe you mother be show sign of mild cognitive impairment . barbara mild cognitive impairment ? dr . burke Brain damage . it may be time to consider place she in a long term care facility . I would certainly feel more comfortable know she be receive that level of supervision . barbara that would make you comfortable ? you would be comfortable with that ? dr . burke of course , it 's a family decision . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 104 . 77 continued : 77 barbara you want we to send she to where , a psychiatric hospital ? dr . burke well , beverly 's go . barbara right . not " go " so much as " dead , " but I see you point . ivy suppress a laugh . burke look at ivy , confuse . dr . burke legal guardianship for you and you sister , with my recommendation , should be a simple -- ivy leave I out of this , thanks . barbara so you be think that if the three of we cooperate with you on a commitment end - around , we would be less likely to sue you ass ? dr . burke I be sorry ? barbara " mild cognitive impairment ? " be you fuck kid I ? you really want to go before a judge and make a case for a couple radiation treatment and some chemo cause brain damage ? think you can make that stand up in court ? when I be sit at the other table , do this ? Barbara pull out the Ziplock bag , throw a pill bottle at Dr. burke , bounce it lightly off he head . dr . burke all right , I think -- throw another pill bottle at he . barbara know whose name be on this bottle ? she hit he with another pill bottle . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 105 . 77 continued : 77 dr . burke you mother be a very -- she hit he with another pill bottle . ivy barb ... she hit he with another pill bottle . he relent , wait for she to get it out of she system . only one problem with that idea , though -- she hit he with another pill bottle . another pill bottle . and another pill bottle . she pause . it seem she 's do . but then , another pill bottle . and another . barbara we will hang on to the bucket of this we have at home . for evidence . for you trial . she get up to go , get to the door , turn and fire one last pill bottle at he . leave . ivy linger , grin at burke . 78 int / ext . tallgrass prairie preserve / bev' lincoln - day 78 the sun parched indian grass and Turkey toot be wilting but stir by prairie wind . bev 's old lincoln follow a thread of blacktop through the tall grass . barb drive , ivy up front . Karen 's in the back with violet . violet pull the car over . barbara we will be home in a few minute . violet pull the car over . ( beat ) I be go to be sick . Barbara look back , see she mother mean this literally , pull to the side of the road . violet get out quickly . we stay with Barbara as she climb out of the car , stare across the road , wait for violet , who can be hear retching . Karen and ivy still in the car . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 106 . 78 continued : 78 the sound fade as Barbara contemplate the prairie and for a long moment ... lose herself , back to this land , to she home . her expression be unreadable , enigmatic . then behind she , out of focus , we become aware of violet run away , across the prairie , through the tall grass . Barbara turn , simply to get back in the car , see violet run through the field . barbara Mom ? violet keep run . barbara ( cont 'd ) Mom ?! where be you go ? Barbara watch for another moment . barbara ( cont 'd ) goddamn it . Mom ! Barbara take off after she . ivy and Karen climb out , but do not follow . Shield they eye to watch the chase . it 's a odd sight , the two woman , racing through the grass . one almost seventy , the other near fifty . Barbara be slow in she pursuit at first , maybe because of she shoe , or maybe because she just feel silly . then realize that violet be not stop ... not unless Barbara stop she . violet run through the tall grass , put a foot wrong , go down . Barbara catch up , out of breath , collapse . they lay on the ground , wheeze , sweat . barbara ( cont 'd ) where the fuck be you go , Mom ? and now we see the full beauty of the land , the distant horizon , the high cumulous cloud , the endless blue sky . barb and violet two dot , lose in the unforgive prairie . barbara ( cont 'd ) there 's nowhere to go . 79 int / ext . lincoln / weston house driveway - afternoon 79 barb pull the lincoln in beside Charlie 's caddie and ivy 's Honda . shut off the engine . ivy and Karen climb out , start back for the house . Barbara turn to violet . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 107 . 79 continued : 79 barbara I be sorry . violet please , honey -- barbara no , it 's important I say this . I lose my temper at dinner and go too far . * violet Barbara . the day , the funeral ... the pill . I be spoil for a fight and you give it to I . barbara so ... truce ? violet ( laugh ) truce . they take a long moment , then -- * barbara what now ? violet how do you mean ? barbara do not you think you should at least consider a rehab center ? Karen turn , realize they be not follow . should she go back to the car ? she decide no , continue inside . violet I can not go through that again . no , I can do this . you get rid of my pill , right ? barbara all we could find . violet I do not have that many hide place . barbara Mom , now , come on . violet you wanna search I ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 108 . 79 continued : 79 barbara uh ... no . violet if the pill be go , I will be fine . just need a few day to get my foot under I . barbara I can not imagine what all this must be like for you right now . I just want you to know , you be not alone . if you need any help -- violet I do not need help . barbara I want to help . violet I do not need you help . barbara Mom . violet I do not need you help . I have get myself through some ... I know how this go : once all the talk 's through , people go back to they own nonsense . I know that . so , do not worry about I . I will manage . I get by . violet get out , head inside . Barbara watch she go . 80 int . weston house , live room - afternoon 80 ivy find Little Charles watch television . ivy be the coast clear ? little charle never very . ivy wait until Karen pass through , head upstairs . ivy what be you watch ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 109 . 80 continued : 80 little charle Television . ivy can I watch it with you ? little charle I wish you would . she sit beside he on the couch . little charle ( cont 'd ) I almost blow it last night . ( she nod ) be you mad at I ? ivy nope . they hold hand . little charle I be try to be brave . ivy I know . little charle I just ... I want everyone to know that I get what I always want . and that mean ... I be not a loser . ivy hey . hey . he turn to look at she . ivy ( cont 'd ) you be my hero . he consider this ... then break into a huge smile , mute the tv , go to the ancient , oak , electric piano , turn it on . little charle come on , help I push the pedal . she join he on the piano bench . little charle ( cont 'd ) I write this for you . he play , and quietly sing a gentle but quirky love song . it 's charming , touch . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 110 . 80 continued : 80 she smile , he smile back . midway through , mattie fae enter , watch for a moment . then break the spell . mattie fae liberace . get yourself together , we have to get home and take care of that damn dog . they have probably eat the drape by now . Charlie come down the stair with they overnight bag . charlie I be sure the house be fine . mattie fae ( notice the tv ) oh , look , honey , Little Charles have get the tv on . little charle no , I be just -- mattie fae this one watch so much television , it 's rotted he brain . ivy I be sure that 's not true . mattie fae what be it I catch you watch the other day ? little charle I do not remember . charlie mattie fae -- mattie fae you do so remember , some dumb talk * show about people swapping wife . little charle I do not remember . mattie fae you do not remember . ( to ivy ) too bad there be not a job where they pay you to sit around watch tv . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 111 . 80 continued : 80 charlie c'mon , mattie fae -- mattie fae ( still to ivy ) y'know he get fire from a shoe store ? charlie mattie fae , we be gonna get in the car and go home and if you say one more mean thing to that boy I be go to kick you fat irish ass onto the highway . you hear I ? mattie fae what the hell do you say --? charlie you kid go outside , would you please ? ivy and Little Charles go . charlie ( cont 'd ) I do not understand this meanness . I look at you and you sister and the way you talk to people and I do not understand it . I can not understand why folk can not be respectful of one another . I do not think there 's any excuse for it . my family do not treat each other that way . mattie fae maybe that 's because you family -- charlie you have better not say anything about my family right now . I mean it . we bury a man yesterday I love very much . and whatever fault he may have have , he be a good , kind , decent person . and to hear you tear into you own son not even a day later dishonor beverly 's memory . we have be marry thirty - eight year . I would not trade they for anything . but if you can not find a generous place in you heart for you own son , we be not go to make it to thirty - nine . he go . she take a moment to collect herself , turn to follow , find Barbara stand out in the open kitchen door . * there 's a awkward moment . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 112 . 80 continued : 80 barbara I do not mean to eavesdrop . I froze . mattie fae that 's -- you have a cigarette , hon ? barbara no , I quit year ago . mattie fae so do i. just sound good to I . I think at dinner ... at that horrible dinner last night , seem like , something might be go on between ivy and Little Charles . do you know if that 's true ? barbara oh , this be ... I be not sure what to ... mattie fae look , just . be it true ? barbara yes . it 's true . mattie fae okay . that can not happen . barbara this be go to be difficult , uh ... ivy and Little Charles have always march to they own ... and I would expect this to be toughest on you -- mattie fae barb ...? barbara they be in love . or they think they be . what 's the difference , right ? mattie fae honey -- barbara I know it 's unorthodox for cousin to get together , at least this day -- mattie fae they be not cousin . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 113 . 80 continued : 80 barbara -- but believe it or not , it 's not as uncommon as you might -- mattie fae listen to I . they be not cousin . barbara beg pardon ? mattie fae Little Charles be not you cousin . he 's you brother . he 's you blood brother . he be not you cousin . he be you blood brother . half -brother . he 's you father 's child . which mean that he be ivy 's brother . do you see ? Little Charles and ivy be brother and sister . Karen and Steve enter from outside . barbara go away . karen we be just go to -- barbara go away ! now ! go away ! Karen and Steve retreat . Barbara stare at mattie fae . barbara ( cont 'd ) you and dad . ( mattie fae nod ) who know this ? mattie fae I do . and you do . barbara uncle Charlie do not suspect ? mattie fae we have never discuss it . barbara what ?! mattie fae we have never discuss it . okay ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 114 . 80 continued : 80 barbara do dad know ? mattie fae yes . y'know , I be not proud of this . barbara really . you people amaze I . what , be you drunk ? be this just some -- mattie fae I be not drunk , no . maybe it 's hard for you to believe , look at I , know I the way you do , all this year . I know to you , I be just you old fat aunt mattie fae . I be more than that , sweetheart , there 's more to I than that . I do not know why Little Charles be such a disappointment to I . maybe he , well , I do not know why . I be disappointed for he , more than anything . I make a mistake , a long time ago . okay ? I pay for it . but the mistake end here . barbara if ivy find out , it would destroy she . mattie fae I be sure as hell not gonna tell she . you have to find a way to stop it . you have to put a stop to it . 81 ext . weston house backyard - night 81 it 's late , the house still . we move through dark room , draw to the murmur of SOUND and a faint sound come from outside the kitchen -- jean ( os ) you be not kid , this stuff be strong . steve ( os ) Florida , baby . number one industry . jean who care ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 115 . 81 continued : 81 slowly discover : Jean and Steve share a joint , out by the fence . she wear a long T-shirt ; he wear sweat pants and a sleeveless T-shirt . both be barefoot . steve number one by far . want a shotgun ? ( off she look ) you do not know what a shotgun be ? jean I know what a shotgun be . steve not that kind of shotgun , here . just put you lip right next to mine and you inhale while I exhale . jean okay . he put the joint in he mouth , light end first . they lip nearly touch as he blow marijuana smoke into she mouth in a steady stream . she nearly choke . steve hold it . do not let it out . she finally gasp , exhales , cough . steve ( cont 'd ) that 's a kick , huh ? 82 int . the attic room - night 82 johnna wake . listen . sit up . 83 int . attic stair / upstair hallway - night 83 johnna make she way down the attic stair and into the second floor hallway , the whisper below unintelligible . 84 int . MAIN staircase / hallway 84 johnna step into the main hallway . drawn to whisper , and giggle from outside in the yard . steve ( os ) ... show `em to I ... I will not look . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 116 . 84 continued : 84 jean ( os ) if you will not look , there 's no point in show they to you . steve ( os ) okay , okay ... I will look . jean ( os ) you be just a old perv ... steve ( os ) Christ , you get a great set . show you mine if you will show I yours . jean ( os ) I do not want to see yours , perv . johnna approach carefully , can not yet see they . steve ( os ) you ever see one ? jean ( os ) what be you do ? steve ( os ) nothing . jean ( os ) you be gonna get we both in trouble . steve ( os ) I be white and over thirty . I do not get in trouble . johnna push out the screen to discover : Steve kissing and grop Jean , slide he hand down between she leg . johnna grab a shovel lean against the storm cellar door . Jean and Steve , clothes in disarray , quickly separate . jean steve oh my God ... Ho , fuck ! johnna approach Steve menacingly . steve ( cont 'd ) hold up there , lady , you do not -- johnna swing the shovel , barely miss Steve 's nose . bedroom light above SNAP on . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 117 . 84 continued : 84 steve ( cont 'd ) hey , goddamn it , careful ! she swing again , hard . the shovel smack into the arm he put up to block she smash he head with the spade . steve ( cont 'd ) ow , goddamn --! he hold he arm in pain . she wade in with a strong swing and connect with he back . he go down . johnna stand above he , arm cocked , watch for he to try and get up . he do not . Karen rush out , see Steve on the floor . karen what happen ?! johnna he be mess with Jean -- karen honey , you be bleed , you okay ? he groan , try to sit up . Bill and Barbara run in . barbara Jean , what be you do up ? jean we be , I do not know -- barbara bill who be ? be you alright ? do I need to call a doctor ? jean ( cont 'd ) karen yeah , I be fine . I do not know . barbara johnna , what 's go on ? johnna he be mess with Jean , so I tune he up . barbara bill mess with , what do you what ... what 's that mean ? mean , mess with ? johnna ( cont 'd ) he be kissing and grab she . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 118 . 84 continued : 84 this information settles in ... then Barbara attack Steve , who 's just get to he foot . Karen get between they . Bill grab Barbara from behind , try to pull she away . barbara I will murder you , you prick ! steve I do not do anything ! jean karen Mom , stop it ! settle down --! barbara you know how old that girl be ? steve ( to Jean ) tell they I do not do anything ! barbara she 's fourteen year old ! barbara ( cont 'd ) karen be you out of you goddamn Barbara , just back off ! mind ? Karen manage to get Steve up the porch step and into the house . Barbara , Bill , Jean , and johnna remain . barbara ( cont 'd ) son-of-a-bitch be a goddamn sociopath ! jean what be the matter with you ? will you please stop freaking out ? bill why do not you start at the beginning ? barbara what be you even do up ? bill please , sweetheart , we need to know what go on here . jean nothing " go on . " can we just not make a federal case out of every thing ? I come down for a drink , he come in ... end of story . all right ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 119 . 84 continued : 84 barbara bill that 's not the end of the that 's not the end of the story . story . jean ( cont 'd ) we smoke pot , alright ? we smoke a little pot , and we be goof around , and then everything just go crazy . barbara bill what have I tell you about then johnna just choose to smoking that shit ?! what do attack he with a shovel ? I say ? jean ( cont 'd ) it 's no big deal , nothing happen . barbara just tell I what he do ! jean he do not do anything ! what 's the * big deal ? bill the big deal , Jean , be that you be fourteen year old . jean which be only a few year young than you like `em . Barbara slap Jean ; Jean burst into tear . jean ( cont 'd ) I hate you ! barbara yeah , I hate you too , you little freak ! Jean try to head into the house . Bill grab she . bill jean Jean -- let I go ! Jean pull free , run off . Bill get in Barbara 's face . bill what 's the matter with you ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 120 . 84 continued : 84 Bill exit , pursue Jean . Barbara and johnna be leave stand there , then : we follow barb into the kitchen and up the stair to -- 85 int . the guest bedroom - night 85 Karen be pull on a sweatshirt , grab they clothes , stuff they into a suitcase . karen I can do without a speech . barbara where be he ? karen out at the car . we be leave . back to Florida , tonight , now . I and Steve , together . want to give I some grief about that ? barbara now wait just a goddamn -- karen you better find out from Jean exactly what go on before you start point finger . Cause I doubt Jean 's blameless in all this . and I be not blame she , just cause I say she 's not blameless do not mean I have blame she . I be say she might share in the responsibility . it 's not cut and dry , black and white , good and bad . it life where everything life : somewhere in the middle . where the rest of we live , everyone but you . barbara Karen -- karen he 's not perfect . just like the rest of we , down here in the muck . I be no angel myself . I have do some thing I be not proud of . thing you will never know about . I may even have to do some thing I be not proud of again . Cause sometimes life put you in a corner that way . ( more ) " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 121 . 85 continued : 85 karen ( cont 'd ) and I be a human be , after all . anyway . you have you own hash to settle . before you start make speech to the rest of we . barbara right ... karen come January ... I will be in belize . do not that sound nice ? Karen push past barb , roll she suitcase behind she . 86 ext . weston house and driveway - night 86 Karen burst through the screen door , rush down the step to Steve 's wait Ferrari , it 's light already on , engine run . throw she suitcase in the back . barb step out onto the porch as it reverse , slam into gear and accelerate down the drive , spew gravel as it go . Bill come out , watch it disappear with Barbara . then : bill I be take Jean with I , head back to Colorado in the morning . but barb 's still focus on the distant Ferrari . bill ( cont 'd ) she 's too much for you right now . barbara okay . bill I be sure you will find a way to blame I for all this . barbara yeah , well ... ( beat ) I can not make it up to Jean right now . she 's just go to have to wait until I get back to Boulder . bill you and Jean have about forty year leave to fight and make up . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 122 . 86 continued : 86 barbara ( confuse ) why , what happen in forty year ? bill you die . barbara oh , right . bill I mean -- barbara no. right . I fail . as a mother , as a daughter , as a wife . I fail . bill no , you do not . barbara I have physically attack Mom and Jean in the span of twenty - four hour . you stick around here and I will cut off you penis . bill that 's not funny . he start back inside . barbara you be never come back to I , be you , Bill ? bill never say never , but ... barbara but no . bill but no . barbara even if thing do not work out with you and Marsha . bill Cindy . barbara Cindy . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 123. 86 continued : 86 bill right . even if thing do not work out . barbara and I be never really go to understand why , be I ? Bill struggle ... seem he might have more to say , but then : bill probably not . Bill go . she watch he leave . fights back tear . 87 ext . weston house - day 87 a blister hot late August day . the Weston house sit in bucolic , heat - weary silence . the driveway no longer crowded with car . barb stand nearly where she do the night before , in she sweat and robe . watch yet another car go . they rental , Bill behind the wheel , back up . Jean in the seat beside he . Jean stare blankly at she mother , as she roll past . Bill never look back . the rental head down the drive , pass ivy 's Honda arrive . Bill slow for a moment to let ivy pass . then continue on it 's way back to Tulsa and the airport . ivy pull in next to bev 's big lincoln . climb out . walk to she sister , look back to the rental leave . ivy where be Bill and Jean go ? Barbara do not answer , just stand there . ivy ( cont 'd ) Karen , too ? barbara yeah ... barb turn , head for the house , ivy follow -- ivy be she clean ? barbara she 's moderately clean . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 124 . 87 continued : 87 ivy moderately ? barbara you do not like moderately ? then let 's say tolerably . ivy be she clean , or not ? barbara back off . ivy I be nervous . barbara oh Christ , ivy , not today . ivy I have to tell she , do not I ? we be leave for New York tomorrow . barbara that 's not a good idea . for you and Charles to take this any further . ivy where be this come from ? Barbara head up the porch step and into -- 88 int . the weston house / kitchen - day 88 barbara lot of fish in the sea . surely you can rule out the one single man in the world you be related to . ivy I love the man I be related to -- barbara fuck love , what a crock of shit . people can convince themselves they love a paint rock . they find johnna cooking in the kitchen . barbara ( cont 'd ) look great . what be it ? " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 125 . 88 continued : 88 johnna catfish . barbara bottom feeder , my favorite . you be nearly fifty year old , ivy , you can not go to New York , you will break a hip . eat you catfish . ivy I have live in this town , year in and year out , hope against hope someone would come into my life -- barbara do not get all carson mcculler on I . now wipe that tragic look off you face and eat some catfish . they head into the dining room , find violet smoking , work on she jigsaw puzzle . barbara ( cont 'd ) howdy , Mom . violet what 's howdy about it ? barbara look , catfish for lunch . johnna ! ( to violet ) you hungry ? violet ivy , you should smile . like I . johnna enter from the kitchen . barbara Mom need she lunch , please . violet I be not hungry . barbara you have not eat anything today . you do not eat anything yesterday . violet I be not hungry . ivy * why be not either of you dress ? * " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 126 . 88 continued : 88 barbara * we be dress . we be not sit here * naked , be we ? * violet * yeah ... * johnna reenter with plate , then go . barbara eat . violet no . barbara eat it . Mom ? eat it . violet no . barbara eat it , you fucker . eat that catfish . violet go to hell . barbara that do not cut any fuck ice with I . now eat that fuck fish . ivy Mom , I have something to talk to you -- barbara no you do not . ivy Barbara -- barbara no you do not . shut up . shut the fuck up . ivy please -- violet what 's to talk about ? ivy Mom -- " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 127 . 88 continued : 88 barbara forget it . eat that fuck fish . violet I be not hungry . barbara eat it . violet no ! ivy Mom , I need to --! violet no ! ivy mom ! barbara eat the fish , bitch ! ivy mom , please ! violet Barbara ...! barbara okay , fuck it , do what you want . ivy I have to tell you something . barbara ivy 's a lesbian . ivy Barbara -- violet no , you be not . ivy no , I be not -- barbara yes , you be . do you eat you fish ? ivy Barbara , stop it ! " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 128. 88 continued : 88 barbara eat you fish . ivy Barbara ! barbara eat you fish . violet Barbara , quiet now -- ivy Mom , please , this be important -- barbara eatyourfisheatyourfisheatyourfish -- ivy stand , hurl she plate of food , smashes it . barbara ( cont 'd ) what the fuck -- ivy I have something to say . barbara be we break shit ? Barbara take a vase from the sideboard , smashes it . barbara ( cont 'd ) `cause I can break shit -- violet throw she plate , smashes it . barbara ( cont 'd ) see , we can all break shit . ivy Charles and I -- barbara you do not want to break shit with I , muthah - fuckah -- ivy Charles and I -- barbara johnna ?! Little spill in here ! ivy get in Barbara 's face . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 129 . 88 continued : 88 ivy Barbara , stop it ! ( return to violet ) Mom , Charles and I -- barbara Little Charles -- ivy Charles and I -- barbara Little Charles -- ivy Barbara -- barbara you have to say Little Charles or she will not know who you be talk about . ivy Little Charles and I ... Barbara relent . ivy will finally get to say the word . ivy ( cont 'd ) Little Charles and I be -- violet Little Charles and you be brother and sister . I know that . freeze . silence . barbara oh ... Mom . ivy what ? no , listen , Little Charles -- violet I have always know that . I tell you , no one slip anything by I . ivy Mom -- barbara do not listen . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 130 . 88 continued : 88 violet I know the whole time bev and mattie fae be carry on . Charlie should have know too , if he be not smoking all that grass . barbara it 's the pill talk . violet you father tore himself up over it , thirty some - odd year , but beverly would not have be beverly if he do not have plenty to brood about . ivy Mom , what be you ...? barbara oh honey ... violet better you girl know now though , now you be older . never know when someone might need a kidney . ivy look from violet to Barbara ... suddenly lurch away from the table , knock over she chair . ivy why in God 's name do you tell I this ? violet hey , what do you care ? ivy you be monster . violet come on now -- ivy monster ... violet who 's the injure party here ? ivy flee from the dining room , pursue by Barbara -- " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 131 . 89 int . front hallway - continuous 89 barbara ivy , listen -- ivy leave I alone . barbara when mattie fae tell I , I do not know what to do -- ivy run from the house . 90 ext . weston house - continuous 90 ivy rush to she car , still follow by Barbara . barbara I be try to protect you -- ivy we will go anyway , we will still go away . ivy get in the car , start it , revs the engine . Barbara try to open the car door . barbara this be not my fault . Barbara pound on the car window . barbara ( cont 'd ) I do not tell you , Mom tell you ! it be not I , it be Mom ! the car window slide down . ivy there 's no difference . ivy floor the car , roar out of the driveway , leave barb stand there . after a moment , barb turn , stare up at the house , angry , resolute . start back inside . 91 int . weston house - continuous 91 find violet still at the table , lighting a cigarette . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 132 . 91 continued : 91 violet we could not let ivy run off with Little Charles . just would not be right . Barbara do not respond , keep she distance . violet ( cont 'd ) she will be back . she 's a sweet girl , ivy , and I love she to death . but she be not strong . not like you . or I . barbara you know about daddy and mattie fae ? violet oh sure . I never tell they I know . but you father know . he know I know . but we never talk about it . I choose the higher ground . ( and then ) if I would have the chance , there at the end , I would have tell he , " I hope this be not about Little Charles , cause you know I know all about that . " if I would reach he at that motel , I would have say , " you would be better off if you quit sulk about this ancient history . " barbara ... what motel ? violet I call over there on Monday after I get into that safety deposit box . but it be too late , he would check out . barbara how do you know where he be ? violet be grow agitate with the interrogation . violet the note . he say I could call he over at the country squire Motel -- barbara he leave a note ? violet and I do , I call he on Monday . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 133 . 91 continued : 91 barbara after you get the money out of you * safety deposit box ... violet we have a arrangement . you have to * understand , for people like you * father and I , who never have any * money , ever , as kid , people from we * generation , that money be important . * barbara * if you could have stop daddy from * kill himself , you would not have * need to get into you safety deposit * box . * violet * well , hindsight 's always twenty - * twenty , be not it ? * Barbara stare at she mother for a long moment . then -- barbara do the note say he be go to kill himself ? no response . barbara ( cont 'd ) Mom ? violet if I have my wit about I , I might have do it different . but I be , you father and I both , we be ... Barbara look off , quietly : barbara you be both fuck - up ... you be * fuck - up ... you be fuck - up . * violet you would better understand this , you smug little ingrate . there 's only one reason beverly kill himself and that 's you . think there 's any way he would have do what he do if you be still here ? no , just he and I , here in this house , in the dark , leave to ourselves , abandon , waste lifetime devote to you care and comfort . ( more ) " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 134 . 91 continued : 91 violet ( cont 'd ) so stick that knife of judgment in I , go ahead , but make no mistake , he blood be just as much on you hand as it be on mine . Barbara be reeling , try to comprehend . violet ( cont 'd ) he do this though , not we . can you imagine anything more cruel , to make I responsible ? just to weaken I , make I prove my character ? so I wait , to get my hand on that safety deposit box . but I would have wait anyway . you want to show who 's stronger , bev ? nobody 's stronger than I , goddamn it . when nothing be leave , when everything be go and disappear , I will be here . violet yell up to the empty house . violet ( cont 'd ) who 's stronger now , you son-of - a - bitch ?! Barbara feel sick , the floor give away beneath she . she take a moment . then : barbara you be right , Mom . you be the strong one . she go to she mother , kiss she . turn , head into the hall , grab she purse and bev 's key from the dish . violet only slowly realize Barbara 's go . violet ... Barbara ? hear the sound of the screen door open and slapping shut . violet ( cont 'd ) Barbara ? violet follow she into the hall , stop at the screen door . violet ( cont 'd ) you and I . we be alike . barb do not turn around , keep move . quietly : " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 135 . 91 continued : 91 barbara no ... see barb head across the yard for beverly 's pick-up . violet Barbara , please . barbara I be nothing like you ... violet please , Barbara . watch Barbara climb into the truck , back slowly out , go . violet ( cont 'd ) ... Barbara ? Barbara drive off . the driveway now empty again . violet alone outside on the walkway . she turn back to the house , yell , move from empty room to empty room . violet ( cont 'd ) ivy ?! ivy , you here ?! silence . the dining room , the kitchen . violet ( cont 'd ) barb ?! ivy ?! and into the live room , bev 's study . violet ( cont 'd ) bev ?! ... bev ?! she stumble to the stereo , put on she clapton ... stare at the spin album ... violet ( cont 'd ) johnna ?! she reel to the stair , crawl up -- 92 int / ext . beverly pick - up ( moving ) - day 92 Barbara be nearly catatonic as she drive , the house recede in the rear window behind she . a few large rain drop splatter she windshield , the rumble of distant thunder , lightning and tower , ominous cloud in the distance . " August " 9/21/12 final white draft 136 . 93 int . upstair hallway / attic stair - day 93 violet climb the staircase on all four . violet johnna ... johnna ... johnna ... johnna set down she ts elliot , go to violet , hold violet 's head , smooth she hair , rock she . quietly -- violet ( cont 'd ) and then you be go , and beverly , and then you be go , and Barbara , and then you be go , and then you be go , and then you be go -- johnna quietly sing to violet . johnna violet " this be the way the world -- and then you be go , and end ... " then you be go -- 94 int . beverly pick - up - day 94 on Barbara as she drive -- johnna ( os ) " ... this be the way the world end , this be the way the world end ... " violet ( os ) -- and then you be go , and then you be go ... we stay on barb as she slowly pull herself back together . brushes tear from she cheek . laugh darkly . notice she hand be shaking from the adrenaline . slow , pull the pick - up to the side of the road at the top of a small rise . climb out , stare out over the mile of prairie . the wind gently ruffle she clothing , she hair . close on she as she settles into exhaust relief , unsure of what come next , but finally on she way as we -- fade to black