austin power : INTERNATIONAL man of mystery by Mike myer final draft - 5/24/96 pink revision - 5/17/96 blue revision - 7/12/96 yellow revision - 7/17/96 ext . las vega ( stock fottage ) - night graphic : 1967 - somewhere in nevada it be set against the obvious skyline of Las Vegas . int . dr . evil' private quarter - day the lair be 1960 's high - tech . we see a huge oversize conference table with six scary - look evil associate , include a Latin american revolutionary in a field jacket and turtleneck , twin nordic doctor , and a meter maid . angle on : a ring with dr . evil' insignia on it . the ringed hand be stroking a white fluffy cat . dr . evil ( face always unseen ) gentlemen , be we all here ? good . as you know , my plot to high - jack nuclear weapon and hold the world hostage have fail . again . this organization will not tolerate failure . he press a button . the Revolutionary , the twin Nordic doctor , and the meter may 's chair tip back and fall into a pit . they chair return empty and smoking . dr . evil mustafa ... angle on : mustafa , a arab with a red fez . dr . evil frau farbissina ... angle on frau farbissina in a severe salvation Army uniform . dr . evil I spare you life because I need you to help I rid the world of the only man who can stop I now . we must go to London . I have set a trap for Austin power ! ext . carnaby STREET - day music : soul bossanova by quincy jone . we start on a pair of beatle boot and peg-top crush velvet pants walk down the street in rhythm , à la Saturday night fever . we pan up to reveal austin power , International man of mystery . he 's a swinger , with medium - length mod hair and sideburn and he wear National Health service glass . Austin walk along carnaby Street take photograph . it be that perpetual bright sunny day you see in sixty movie . Austin , burst with life , give a two -hande handshake to a mod freak , who 's just get off a red double - decker bus . Austin salute a strolling bobby , then come across two beautiful mod girl who be excited to see he . they all start to twist to the music , include the Bobby . freeze frame - technicolor blue tint - title card ( production note : all title card will be do in technicolor freeze frame '' LA sweet charity . ) in the middle of the street , three model wait impatiently to be photograph in a makeshift photo shoot area . one wear a short - skirt stewardess outfit . one wear a metallic silver pantsuit with match cowl . the other wear a see-through Mary quant dress . austin ( take photo ) alright , love ! Love it ! turn ... pout for I baby . smash ! we see that austin have very bad english teeth . the model in the stewardess outfit foe on all four . austin crazy baby . give I some shoulder . yes ! yes ! yes ! ( beat ) no. no. show I love . yes ! and ...done . here you go , love . I be spend . Austin throw the camera in the air behind he . a assistant scramble and catch it before it hit the ground . austin get this off to fab Magazine right away . supermodel 1 Austin , you have really outdone yourself this time . austin thanks , baby . supermodel 2 ( suggestively ) we could have another photo session back at my flat . austin ( coyly ) oh , behave ! supermodel 3 Austin , I love you ! austin so many woman , so little time . a gaggle of mod girl come towards the shoot site . they recognize Austin and scream hysterically . mod girl 1 it 's Austin power ! Austin run away . the mob chase after he a la hard Day 's night . ext . carnaby STREET two bad guy attack Austin . he judo chop they . austin judo chop ! judo chop ! the mob of girl catch up to Austin and he run away . ext . phone booth Austin 's in a phone booth with he back turn . the mob run by . he step out , disguise only by a beard . ext . guard station - london - day Austin be jiving down the street and come across a stone - face red- coat buckingham palam guard stand at attention just outside he guard box . Austin mug for the guard , try to get he to crack up , but to no avail . finally , he pull a big sixty flower from behind the guard 's head and present it to he . they both crack up . ext . photo booth the girl run by a sixty - era photo booth with somebody inside . Austin step out . angle on the film strip panel 1 - 3 show Austin with various exotic model . the fourth panel show Austin with the queen . ext . carnaby STREET Austin spot a very pregnant hippy girl with a placard that say " protest ! " in a funky font . austin you might want to protest a bit louder next time , love . the both laugh . 2l full screen insert - austin' passport the passport open . we see Austin 's dour photo . then he give a insane grin , show he bad tooth . the page flip and we see visa stamp from all the exotic place he 's be . ext . carnaby STREET - day Austin flip a coin into a blind man 's cup . the blind man , obviously sighted , move the cup to catch the coin . Austin wag he finger in a " oh , you " fashion , and then proceed to knee he the ball . ext . carnaby STREET - day Austin be be chase around the corner by a gaggle of schoolgirls . after a moment , Austin return from around the corner with a baton , follow by a marching band . the schoolgirls pick up he trail again and he begin to run . a 1967 jaguar xke convertible , which be decorate with a large Union Jack , pull beside Austin . he jump over the door into the move convertible , racing off just ahead of the crowd . ext . / int . jaguar - street of london - day the driver of the jag be Austin 's associate , mrs . kensington , a beautiful woman in she thirty . they drive against obvious rear projection of 1960 's London . austin hello , Mrs. kensington . mrs . kensington hello , Austin just then , a flashing red light go off and we hear a distinctive phone ring . mrs . kensington that will be basil exposition , Chief of british Intelligence . the glove compartment revolve to reveal a picture phone . angle on : picture phone screen . we see basil exposition a distinguished older man . a desk plate read : " basil exposition , Chief of british Intelligence . " basil exposition ( on picture phone ) hello , Austin . this be basil exposition , Chief of british Intelligence . you be Austin power , International man of mystery , and you be with agent Mrs. kensington . the year be 1967 , and you be talk on a picture phone . austin we know all that , exposition . basil exposition I just want to be extremely clear so that everyone know what 's go on at any give time . we have just receive word that Dr. evil , the ultimate square , be plan to take over the world . austin Dr. evil ? I think I put he in jail for good . basil exposition I be afraid not . earlier this week , Dr. evil escape from Zedel edel prison in baad baad and now he 's plan a trap for you tonight at the electric psychedelic pussycat swinger 's Club in picadilly Circus here in swinging London . a panel revolve to reveal a map of London with light show Austin 's position and the location of the club . austin just where you would never think to look for he . we will be there . basil exposition good luck , Austin . austin thank you . basil exposition oh , and austin&amp ; emdash austin yes ? basil exposition ( pause ) be careful . austin thank you . ( to Mrs. kensington ) let 's go , baby ! ext . stock fottage - picadilly circus - night on top of one building be a three - story high bob be big boy figure . ext . electric psychedelic pussycat swinger' club - night the jaguar pull up in front of the swinging nightclub . Mrs. kensington step out of the car , dress in a tight leather fightsuit . she look fabulous . int . electric psychedelic pussycat swinger' club it 's a swinging club . freak abound . in one corner , there be a PRESS conference in progress . mick jagger hey Austin power , it 's I , Mick Jagger . austin hey , Mick ! mick jagger be you more satisfied now sexually , Austin ? austin well , you can not always get what you want . mick jagger ( think ) " you can not always get what you want ! " that 's a great title for a song ! I be gonna write that , and it will be a big hit . austin good on ya , man . mick jagger groovy ! full screen insert a vinyl 45 of " you can not always get what you want . " 9 full screen insert - billboard chart " you can not always get what you want " at number one . int . electric psychedelic pussycat swinger' club in one corner andy warhol sit in front of he multi-color elvis ( or equivalent ) . he body paint a butterfly on the thigh of a mod girl wear a metallic miniskirt outfit . andy warhol Austin power ? hi , I be Andy Warhol . austin hey , how be you ? andy warhol hungry . austin here , have this can of Campbell 's tomato Soup . Austin hand Andy a can of soup . andy warhol I be go to paint this can of soup and become famous and not give you any credit for it . austin if you can become famous , everyone will have they fifteen minute of fame , man . andy warhol " Fifteen minute of fame ? " I be go to use that quote and not give you any credit for that , either . austin smash ! full screen insert Andy Warhol 's famous Soup can painting . int . electric psychedelic pussycat swinger' club her majesty , the queen be give Austin a Victoria 's Cross like the lyndon Johnson scene in forrest gump . behind they , be two coldstream guard and the duke of edinburgh . queen Austin power , Britain owe you a debt of gratitude . Austin give a cheeky look to Mrs. kensington . queen I understand you be wounded . where be you hit ? austin in the but-tock . queen that must be a sight . I would kind of like to see that . Austin turn around , drop he pants , and show he wounded bum ( match gump 's ) to the queen . the queen walk away . queen ( laugh ) Nice buttock . in the line - up we also see forest gump . he have to pee very badly . mrs . kensington we have get to find Dr. evil ! austin wait , I have get a idea . he punch a pretty mod girl in the face , knock she out cold . everyone ohhh ! mrs . kensington Austin , why in God 's name do you strike that woman ? austin that be not no woman ! it 's a man , man . it 's one of Dr. evil 's assassin . Austin pull off the mod girl 's wig . she be a male assassin . the assassin come to and leap to he foot . Mrs. kensington knock he foot from under he . the assassin hit the ground and pull out a dagger . Mrs. kensington kick the knife out of he hand and Austin get he in a head - lock from behind . austin where 's Doctor evil ? angle on : a finger with dr . evil' insignia on it . the finger pull the trigger of a spear gun . the assassin fall forward . a spear protrude from he back . Austin see Dr. evil as he run through a door . they give chase . int . club - back room they enter . Dr. evil climb into a egg chair . austin I have get you again , Dr. evil ! the chair fill with a white mist . dr . evil ( unseen , through mist ) not this time . come , Mr. bigglesworth ! ( call out ) see you in the future , Mr. power ! before the door close , the white cat jump in the egg chair . a sign on the egg read " cryogenic freezing beginning . " mrs . kensington my God ! he 's freezing himself . Austin begin firing at the egg chair . the ceiling open up and the egg rise through the open . everything begin to rumble . rocket exhaust pour out of the ceiling . ext . roof - night the Bob 's Big Boy rocket begin to lift off . ext . club - sidewalk - night people outside the club react to the rocket . ext . earth from space the Bob 's Big Boy rocket leave the atmosphere . Mr. bigglesworth be press to the window like one of that stuff garfield . DR. evil ( v.o. ) ( shiver ) I will be back , Mr. power , when free love be dead , and greed and avarice once again rule the world . ext . norad - colorado spring , colorado graphic : 1997 - norad - colorado spring this scene be shot in the multiple split screen style , like the thomas crown affair : 16 full screen - int . norad tracking room a blip appear on the radar screen . radar operator ( on phone ) Commander gilmour ? 17 split screen 2 - int . commander gilmour' office commander gilmour , a distinguished man in he fifty . radar operator ( on phone ) Commander , this be slater in sowest com Three . we have a potential bogey with erratic vectore and a unorthodox entry angle . commander gilmour ( on phone ) be it one of ours ? radar operator no. log com Bird twelve say its metalurg recon analysis be a standard alloy , not stealthy , not carbon - composite . ( pause ) it do have a odd shape , sir . commander gilmour what be you say , son ? radar operator it appear to be in the shape of Bob 's Big Boy , sir . 18 screen 3 - the bob be big boy rocket the rocket be dirty and batter from thirty year in space . commander gilmour oh my God , he 's back . dramatic sting radar operator in many way , Bob 's Big Boy never leave , sir . he 's always offer the same high quality meal at competitive price . commander gilmour shut up . radar operator should we scramble tachq for a intercept ? commander gilmour what 's its current position ? 19 screen 4 - a radar map of nevada on the radar screen it say " nevada . " radar screen it be over nevada , but ... oh my God ! it 's go ! commander gilmour listen son , I want you to forget what you see here tonight . radar operator Commander , I have to log it&amp ; emdash commander gilmour that 's a direct order . you do not see a thing ! he hang up and pick up another phone . commander gilmour ( into phone ) philip . 20 screen 5 - sergeant philip at he desk sergeant philip pick up the phone . commander gilmour call the President screen 6 - the white house commander gilmour prepare the jet ... 22 screen 7 - a AIR force jet on a runway commander gilmour get my overnight bag . 23 screen 8 - a overnight bag commander gilmour philip , do I a favor and feed my fish . screen 9 - fish in a tank a hand enter and sprinkle fish food . commander gilmour not too much ! the hand re-enter and scoops up some of the fish food . commander gilmour I be go to London , England . ext . ministry of defense - london , england graphic : london , england - ministry of defense music : " rule britannia " int . m.o.d . - hallway ( outside cryogenic storage facility ) basil exposition ( now age 30 year ) , Command gilmour , and nicolai borschevsky , a Russian General , put on extreme - weather gear over they uniform . basil exposition as you know , gentleman , Dr. evil have himself freeze in 1967 . soon after , Austin power volunteer to have himself freeze , in the event Dr. evil should ever return . we believe Dr. evil have begin yet another plot to take over the world . and that , gentleman , be why we be here . command gilmour outstanding re-cap , exposition . Command gilmour open a vault door . cold mist escape . int . m.o.d . - cryogenic storage facility they pass a row of cryogenic hold berth , each contain a naked person in suspend animation , a la demolition man . they pass gary coleman , evel knieval ( with cape ) , and vanilla ice , all in suspend animation . they pass a now -empty berth with a plate that read " JOHN travolta . " borschevsky who be this Austin power ? be he a british operative ? basil exposition no , he work freelance , a internationally renowned swinging photographer by day and the ultimate gentleman spy by night . finally , they come across Austin power : he be naked . his hand cover up he private part . the look on he face suggest ' oh my God , my bit and piece be cold ' . his glass be frost over . he be very hairy . female announcer ( on PA ) attention , stage one , laser cut beginning . laser begin to cut Austin out of the ice in one huge cube . female announcer ( on PA ) laser cut complete . stage two , warm liquid goo phase beginning . a robotic arm lift the cube out of the berth and place it into a high - tech melting vat of warm liquid goo . female announcer ( on PA ) warm liquid goo phase complete . stage Three , reanimation beginning . Austin come to life out of the goo on a drain platform . female announcer ( on PA ) reanimation complete . stage four , cleanse beginning . int . examination area technician lead a half - asleep Austin to a screen area , where only he foot and head be visible . he 's wash off with a series of hot- water jet . female announcer ( on PA ) cleanse complete . stage five , evacuation beginning . he 's give futuristic inoculation and then lead to a screen - in toilet area . we can hear the sound of pee entering the BOWL . he pees for a while , then a little longer . and then even longer still . the stream seem to be subside ... then begin stronger than ever . he be still peeing . finally , it stop . female announcer ( PA ) evacuation com ... he begin peeing again . a little longer . then in short staccato burst . the it stop . pause . two drip . female announcer evacuation ... ( wait ) complete ! the cryogenic state of Austin power be now complete . Austin lie in a bed tilt up in a extreme angle à la Dr. frankenstein 's lab . nurse technician administer injection and monitor electrode , iv 's , and other biological sensor . austin ( weakly ) where be I ? basil exposition you be in the Ministry of Defense . it 's 1997 . you have be cryogenically freeze for thirty year . austin ( shouting ) who be these people ? basil exposition the shouting be a temporary side - effect of the unfreeze process . austin yes , I be have trouble controlling&amp ; emdash ( shouting ) the volume of my voice ! basil exposition you might also experience a slight fever , dry mouth , and flatulence at moment of extreme relaxation . Austin , this be Commander gilmour , Strategic Command , and General borschevsky , Russian Intelligence . austin Russian Intelligence ? be you mad ? basil exposition a lot 's happen since you be freeze , Austin . the cold war 's over . austin thank God . that capitalist dog will finally pay for they crime against the people , hey comrade ? basil exposition we win , Austin . austin groovy . smash ! good on ya ! ( to gilmour ) Nice tie . yea capitalism ! commander gilmour Mr. power , the President 's very concerned . we have get a madman on the loose in nevada . basil exposition it 's Dr. evil . austin when do I begin ? basil exposition immediately . you will be work with Ms. kensington . austin you mean Mrs. kensington ? basil exposition no , Austin , Mrs. kensington have long - since retire . Ms. kensington be she daughter . vanessa kensington , Mrs. kensington 's daughter , beautiful , mid-Twenty , English , enter . she be wear a very conservative , business pantsuit . her hair be up and she wear glass . Austin 's breath be take away . she set down a huge stack of file . basil exposition vanessa 's one of we top agent . austin ( out loud , to himself ) my God , vanessa 's get a smash body . I bet she shag like a minx . how do I tell they that because of the unfreeze process , I have no inner monologue ? ( pause ) I hope I do not say that out loud just now . there be a uncomfortable silence . vanessa Mr. power , my job be to acclimate you to the nineties . you know , a lot 's change since 1967 . austin well , as long as people be still have promiscuous sex with many anonymous partner without protection , while at the same time experiment with mind - expand drug in a consequence - free environment , I will be sound as a pound . vanessa my mother 's tell I all about you . austin if it 's a lie , goddamn she . it it 's the truth , goddamn I . ( pause ) God , I hope that 's witty . how 's you mum ? vanessa my mother 's do quite well , thank you very much . basil exposition yes , well ... agent kensington will get you set up . she 's very dedicated . perhaps , a little too dedicated . ( aside to Austin ) she 's get a bit of a bug up she ass . good luck , Austin , the world 's depend on you . austin thank you , exposition . basil exposition oh , and austin&amp ; emdash austin yes ? basil exposition be careful . austin thanks . basil exit . int . m.o.d . - quartermaster's window Austin and vanessa wait at the window . vanessa let 's gather you personal effect , shall we ? a clerk bring out a locker - basket and read off a list . clerk ( read ) danger power , personal effect . austin actually , my name 's Austin power . clerk it say here , name danger power . austin danger 's my middle name . clerk ok , Austin danger power : one blue crush - velvet suit . one frilly lace cravat . one gold medallion with peace symbol . one pair of italian shoe . one pair of tie -dy sock , purple . one vinyl recording album : Tom Jones , live at Las Vegas . one swedish - make penis enlarger pump . austin ( embarrassed ) that 's not mine . clerk ( read ) one credit card receipt for swedish - make penis enlarger pump , sign Austin power . austin I be tell you , baby , that 's not mine . clerk ( read ) one warranty card for swedish - make penis enlarger pump , fill out by Austin power . austin I do not even know what this be . this sort of thing be not my bag , baby . clerk ( read ) one book : swedish - make penis enlarger pump and I : this sort of thing be my bag , baby , by Austin power . the clerk show the book to Austin , who be humiliate . austin ok , ok man , do not get heavy , I will sign . just to get thing move , baby . vanessa listen , Mr. power , I look forward to work with you , but do I a favor and stop call I baby . you can address I as agent kensington . we have to leave immediately . we have preserve you private jet just as you leave it . it 's wait at heathrow Airport . austin ( excited ) my jumbo jet ? smash baby . ext . plane taking off - day we see a plane take off in silhouette . ext . plane in flight - day a multi-color psychedelic jumbo jet with Austin 's logo on the tailpiece . int . private psychedelic jet the inside look like Hugh heffner 's jet&amp ; emdash rust shag carpet , brown wall , and bead . Austin and vanessa sit on beanbag chair . vanessa work on she lap top . austin pretty groovy jumbo jet , eh ? how do a hot chick like you end up work at the Ministry of Defense ? vanessa I go to Oxford and excell in several subject , but I end up specialize in foreign language . I want to travel -- see the world . in my last year I be accept into the m.o.d. in the cultural Studies sector . I think I be off on a exciting career , but my job be to read everything print in every country . it 's very boring . my whole day be spend read wedding announcement in farsi . if I do well with this case , I finally get promote to field operative ... austin that 's fascinating , vanessa . listen , why do not we go into the back and shag ? vanessa I beg you pardon ? austin I have be freeze for thirty year , man , I want to see if my bit and piece be still work . vanessa Excuse I ? austin my wedding tackle . vanessa I be sorry ? austin my meat and two veg . vanessa Mr. power , please . I know that you must be a little confuse , but we have a very serious situation at hand . I would appreciate it if you would concentrate on we mission and give you libido a rest . austin have you ever make love to a chigro ? vanessa a chigro ? austin you know , a chigro&amp ; emdash part chinese , part negro&amp ; emdash chigro . vanessa ( offended ) we do not use the term ' negro ' anymore . it 's consider offensive . austin that 's right . you be suppose to say ' color ' now , right ? ( spot the flight attendant ) here 's the stewardess ! bring on the sexy stew ! the stewardess enter . they be not dress very sexily . one of they be a man and another wear brace . flight attendant Excuse I , do you say ' stewardess ' ? we be call ' flight attendant ' now , thank you very much . austin oh , I get it , it 's like ' I be not a whore , I be a sex worker ' , baby . flight attendant my name be Mrs. wilkenson . there be a few thing we need to discuss . first of all , we be not wear this . she hold up some skimpy , lingerie- type flight outfit . flight attendant also , I have some question about the itinerary . it say here , ' 4:30 - dinner , 5:30 - everyone get nake and cover with baby oil , 6:00 - orgy ' ? austin seem pretty straightforward , do not you think ... listen darling , I think you be a fabulous bird . can I get you telephone number ? flght attendant ( mock sexy ) sure , it 's easy to remember . ( write on he hand ) it 's 777 -film . we have to prepare the craft for take - off now . austin smash ! when we land I will give you a tinkle on the tell bone . the flight attendant give he a chilly stare and then exit . austin brrrr ! she must be frigid . there 's two thing I know about life : one , Americans will never take to soccer . two , swedish girl and stewardess love to shag ! they be shag -mad , man ! let I ask you a question , vanessa , and be honest . vanessa sure . austin do I make you horny ? vanessa what ? austin do I make you horny ? Randy , you know . to you , be I ero manifest ? vanessa I hope this be part of the unfreeze process . austin listen , vanessa , I be a swinger&amp ; emdash that 's what I do , I swing . vanessa I understand that , Mr. power , but let I be perfectly clear with you , perhaps to the point of be insulting . I will never have sex with you , ever . if you be the last man on Earth and I be the last woman on Earth , and the future of the human race depend on we have sex simply for procreation , I still would not have sex with you . Austin be oblivious . austin what 's you point , vanessa ? ext . plane in flight - night Austin 's plane . time have pass . iint . private jet - night vanessa 's lap - top beeps . computer voice you have get mail ! angle on : the computer screen . it 's basil exposition . basil exposition hello Austin . hello vanessa . this be basil exposition , from british Intelligence . there 's a company in Las Vegas call virtucon that we think may be link to Dr. evil . many of the virtucon executive gamble at the hotel / casino where you will be stay . that 's the first place you should look . well , I be off to the chat room . austin thank you , exposition . basil exposition oh , and austin&amp ; emdash austin yes ? basil exposition be careful . vanessa close she lap-top . pilot ( over loudspeaker ) lady and gentleman , we be beginning we final descent into Las Vegas International Airport . Flight attendant will be come by to collect you drink , and I will ask you at this time to please return to the main cabin and put you bean - bag in the upright position . Austin and vanessa fasten the seatbelt on they bean bag . ext . airplane landing - night we see a plane 's light landing at night . zoom CUT to : int . psychedelic scene break music : psychedelic wa-wa pedal funky drummer beat title graphic : the trip use a sequence of snap -zoom , color projection , and flash light , we see Austin dance crazily à la bob fosse with a go - go girl in a bikini with the Austin power logo body - paint on she midriff . the sequence last five second and be very groovy . ext . las vega montage - night sights and sound of Las Vegas icon at night : " welcome to Las Vegas " sign . luxor . the giant cowboy whose arm wave . caesar 's Palace . the montage end on the modern skyline of Las Vegas . graphic : 1997 , somewhere in nevada int . dr . evil' private quarter dr . evil ( face again unseen ) lady and gentlemen , it 's be a long time , but I be back . it 's all go perfectly to plan except for one small flaw . because of a technical error , my right arm be not freeze . I be therefore by definition only partially freeze . angle on evil associate mustafa . he be terrify and sweaty , eye darting leave and right . mustafa but my design be perfect ! you autonomic function be shut down , and even though you arm be not freeze , the aging be retarded , therefore you right arm be only slightly older than the leave . dr . evil can not you see I be only half a man ? look at I , I be a freak ! he hold up he older right arm , which look normal . mustafa but Dr. evil , all you need to do is&amp ; emdash ( hold up tennis ball ) -- work with this tennis ball . squeeze it for twenty minute a day . a few month of that and it will be just as strong as the other arm ... dr . evil and look what you have do to Mr. bigglesworth ! angle on mr. bigglesworth who be now totally hairless , with a fringe of white hair around it 's ear , like Dr. evil himself . mustafa we could not anticipate feline complication due to the reanimation process&amp ; emdash dr . evil ( face unseen ) silence ! angle on a hand with dr . evil be ring on it Dr. evil press a button . mustafa 's chair tip back and he fall backwards into a pit . mustafa ( blood-curdling scream ) ahhhhhhhhh ! dr . evil ( face unseen ) let this be a reminder to you all that this organization will not tolerate failure . mustafa's scream echo faintly angle on : dr . evil for the first time . he be in he early fiftie and be bald , with a hideous scar on he cheek . dr . evil gentlemen , let 's get down to business . more muffle scream . dr . evil we have get a lot of work to do . mustafa ( o.s. ) ( muffle ) someone help I ! I be still alive , only I be very badly burn . dr . evil ( slightly distract ) some of you I know , some of you I be meeting for the first time . mustafa ( o.s. ) ( muffle ) hello up there ! anyone ! can someone call a ambulance ? I be in quite a lot of pain . dr . evil ( very frustrated ) you have all be gather here to form my evil cabinet . Excuse I . he pick up a white phone and murmur into it . mustafa ( o.s. ) ( muffle ) if somebody can open the retrieval hatch down here , I could get out . see , I design this device myself and ...oh , hi ! good , I be glad you find I . listen , I be very badly burn , so if you could just&amp ; emdash sfx : muffled gunshot mustafa ( o.s. ) ( muffle ) ow ! you shot I ! dr . evil right. okay . move on . mustafa ( o.s. ) ( muffle ) you shot I right in the arm ! why did&amp ; emdash sfx : muffled gunshot . Dr. evil wait . nothing . dr . evil let I go around the table and introduce everyone . frau farbissina ... angle on frau farbissina dr . evil ... founder of the militant wing of the salvation Army . random Task ... random task be a large Korean man in a butler 's uniform . dr . evil ...a Korean ex- wrestler , evil handyman extraordinaire . show they what you do . he stand up , bow , then take off he shoe and throws it . it knock the head off a sculpture across the room . dr . evil thank you , random Task . Patty o'brien ... patty o'brien , a small , wiry irishman with fiery eye . dr . evil ...ex - irish assassin . his trademark ? around patty oxbrien wrist be a charm bracelet . dr . evil a superstitious man , he leave a tiny keepsake on every victim he kill . Scotland yard would love to get they hand on that piece of evidence . patty o'brien ( heavy irish accent ) yes , they be always after I lucky charm ! everyone in the room try to keep a straight face . patty o'brien what ? what ? why do everyone always laugh when I say that ? they be after I lucky charm . they cannot contain they laughter . patty o'brien ( angry ) what ? frau farbissina ( through suppress laughter ) it 's a television commercial with this little cartoon leprechaun who be a benevolent imp who be very concerned that this child will steal he lucky charm which be foodstuff fashioned into various shapes&amp ; emdash heart , moon , clover , what have you ... ( pause ) it 's a long story . dr . evil finally , I come to my number two man . his name : number two . number two , a good-look 40 - year - old man with a eye-patch . dr . evil for thirty year , number two have run virtucon , the legitimate face of my evil empire . he hit a button . the conference table slowly rotate to reveal a large , illuminate map of the United States dot by various miniature model . number two over the last thirty year , virtucon have grow by leap and bound . about fifteen year ago , we change from volatile chemical to the communication industry . we own cable company in thirty - eight state . the thirty - eight state illuminate on the map . number two in addition to we cable holding , we own a steel mill in Cleveland . a steel mill miniature illuminate in Cleveland . number two ship in Texas . a ship off the coast of Texas illuminate . number two oil refinery in Seattle . a oil refinery illuminate in Seattle . number two and a factory in Chicago that make miniature model of factory . the miniature model factory light up in Chicago . number two we also own the Franklin mint , which make decorative hand - paint theme plate for collector . ( hold up plate ) some plate , like the go with the wind series , have go up in value as much as two -hundre and forty percent , but , as with any investment , there be some risk involved . dr . evil gentlemen , I have a plan . it 's call blackmail . the Royal family of Britain be the wealthiest landowner in the world . either the Royal family pay we a exorbitant amount of money , or we make it look like Prince Charles , the heir to the throne , have have a affair outside of marriage and , therefore , they would have to divorce . there be a uncomfortable silence . number two um , Dr. evil , Prince Charles do have a affair . he admit it , and they be now divorced , actually . dr . evil people have to tell I this thing . I have be freeze for thirty year , throw I a bone here . ( pause ) ok , no problem . here 's my second plan . back in the sixty I have a weather change machine that be in essence a sophisticated heat beam which we call a " laser . " use this laser , we punch a hole in the protective layer around the Earth , which we scientist call the " ozone layer . " slowly but surely , ultraviolet ray would pour in , increase the risk of skin cancer . that be , unless the world pay we a hefty ransom . there be another uncomfortable silence . number two umm , that also have already happen . dr . evil right. ( pause ) oh , hell , let 's just do what we always do . let 's hijack some nuclear weapon and hold the world hostage . ( pause ) gentlemen , it 's come to my attention that a breakaway Russian Republic call kreplachistan will be transfer a nuclear warhead to the United Nations in a few day . here 's the plan . we get the warhead , and we hold the world ransom ... ( dramatic pause ) ... for one million dollar ! there be a uncomfortable pause . number two do not you think we should ask for more than a million dollar ? a million dollar be not that much money this day . dr . evil all right then ... ( dramatic pause ) ... five million dollar ! there be another uncomfortable pause . number two virtucon alone make over nine billion dollar a year . dr . evil ( pleasantly surprised ) oh , really ? ( slightly irritate ) one-hundred billion dollar . ( pause ) ok , make it happen . anything else ? frau farbissina remember when we froze you semen , you say that if it look like you be not come back to try and make you a son so that a part of you would live forever ? dr . evil yes . frau farbissina well , after a few year , we get sort of impatient . Dr. evil , I want you to meet you son . dr . evil my son ? frau farbissina yes. ( call out ) Scott ! scott evil walk out . he be fifteen , grungy , and wear a kurt cobain T-shirt . scott evil hi. dr . evil hello , Scott . I be you father , Dr. evil. ( emotional ) I have a son ! I have a son ! everyone , I have a son ! ( gesture to globe ) someday , Scott , this will all be yours . scott evil I have not see you my whole life and now you show up and want a relationship ? I hate you ! ext . jaguar - drive - vega - day vanessa and Austin drive in he perfectly - preserve jag . austin you have preserve my jag ! smash ! vanessa yes , we have have it retrofitted with a secure cellular phone , a on-board computer , and a Global geosynchronous position device . oh , and finally , this . the glove compartment revolve to reveal a display of various dental hygiene products&amp ; emdash floss , toothpaste , toothbrush , dental mirror , and clean tool . austin let I guess . the floss be garotte wire , the toothpaste contain plastic explosive , and the toothbrush be the detonation device . vanessa no , actually . I do not know how to put this really . well , there have be fabulous advance in the field of dentistry . austin why ? what 's wrong with my tooth ? ext . vega HOTEL - night the Union Jack -emblazon jaguar pull up to the front door . int . vega HOTEL room vanessa carry she compact flight attendant bag and Austin take he two bright red oversize leatherette samsonite suitcase . ausitn which side of the bed do you want ? vanessa you be go to sleep on the sofa . I would like to remind you , Mr. power , that the only reason we be share a room be to support we cover story that we be a marry couple on vacation . austin so , shall we shag now , or shall we shag later ? how do you like to do it ? do you like to wash up first ? top and tail ? a whore 's bath ? personally , before I be on the job , I like to give my undercarriage a bit of a how's - your-father . austin ( off she angry reaction ) I be just joke , vanessa . try to get a rise out of you . they both laugh . vanessa let 's unpack . her luggage : in the inside flap be a type list of content . all of she item be in separate , label plastic bag . austin gor blimey , nerd alert . he luggage : he pull out a Nehru jacket and a huge remington shaver with huge English plug . her luggage : she pull out a compact clothes steamer / travel iron and a braun blow drier . he luggage : he pull out a vintage 1967 playboy and a bottle of jurgen lotion . her luggage : she pull out wet - nap , she underthings in a plastic baggie mark " underthings " and she shoe in a baggie mark " shoe . " he luggage : he pull out a miniature meditation go and Hai karate cologne . her luggage : she pull out a dossier label " Dr. evil - top secret . " he luggage : he pull out the swedish penis enlarger pump . vanessa see it . austin hey , who put this in here ? someone 's play a prank on I ! honestly , this be not mine . vanessa ( suffer ) I be sure . austin I think I will give that stew a ding - a - ling . Austin casually dial the phone while look at he palm . after a beat we hear a loud male voice come through the handset . movie phone voice ( through handset ) hello ! and welcome to 777-film ! Austin cover the mouthpiece and whisper to vanessa . austin I get she answer machine . int . casino Austin and vanessa walk through the casino . Austin give people two-hand handshake . they stare like he 's a freak . austin I love Las Vegas , man . oh , I forget my x- ray glass . vanessa here , use mine . austin I be go to use a cover name . it 's important that it be a generic name so that we do not draw attention to ourselves . int . casino Austin and vanessa join the high-rollers table . number two be there , complete with eyepatch . on one side of he be a beautiful italian woman ( a la sophia loren ) in a white dress with a white kerchief on she head . on the other side of he be a extremely large - breast bimbo . austin do you mind if I join you ? number two not at all . the dealer deal . dealer seventeen . Zoom in on number two 's eyepatch . number two's monocular Pov graphic : " X -ray eyepatch " . we see everyone at the casino in they underwear . he look at the next card in the shoe . it be a 4 . number two hit I . dealer you have seventeen , sir . the book say not to , sir . number two I like to live dangerously . the dealer draw a card from the card shoe . dealer four. twenty-one . everyone at the table applaud . the dealer deal to Austin and number two . dealer ( to Austin ) eighteen . ( to number two ) sixteen . number two's Pov graphic : " X -ray eyepatch " . he look at the shoe at the shoe and see that the next card be a ten . number two I will stay . dealer ( to Austin ) Sir ? smugly , Austin put on vanessa 's x- ray glass . austin' Pov graphic : " X -ray specs " . everyone be in they underwear , but it be completely blurry . dealer ( to Austin ) Sir ? vanessa ( quietly ) what 's wrong ? austin ( quietly , to vanessa ) I can not see a bloody thing . vanessa oh , I forget to tell you , they be prescription X - ray glass . I have very bad astigmatism . dealer Sir , the table be wait . austin ( panic ) uh , hit I . the table murmur . dealer on a eighteen , sir ? austin yes , I also like to live dangerously . the dealer deal he the ten . number two you be very brave . austin card be not my bag , man . allow myself to introduce ... myself . my name be ritchie cunningham . vanessa be mortify . austin ( indicate vanessa ) this be my wife , enid . number two my name be number two . he extend he hand to shake . Austin extend he hand , but miss and begin to shake the bimbo 's breast . there be a awkward pause . Austin take off he glass . vanessa ( rescue he ) number two ? that 's a unusual name . number two my parent be hippie . ( indicate italian woman ) this be my italian confidential secretary . italian woman ( italian accent ) my name be alotta ( quickly ) alotta fagina . austin I be sorry , I be just not get it . it sound like you be say you name be a lot of ... never mind . listen , cat , I be go to crash . it 's be a gas . number two bye-bye , mr... cunningham ? austin peace , baby . Austin and vanessa leave . int . casino vanessa why do you leave so soon ? austin that cat number two have a x-ray eyepatch . I get bad vibe from he , man . listen , we should go back to the room , but first I have to go to the naughty chair and see a man about a dog . he head to the rest room . int . high roller table - casino number two have be watch they . he press a button . int . bathroom - casino Austin enter to see a gregarious texan in a huge cowboy hat . Austin enter a stall . the Texan enter the adjoin stall . texan good luck , buddy . you do not buy food , you rent it . austin too right , youth . int . bathroom stall Austin sit down . behind he , a panel slide OPEN , revealing Patty o'brien . his charm bracelet jingles . Austin look back . Patty 's bracelet be now garotte wire . he wrap it around Austin 's throat . Austin get he thumb between the wire and certain death . austin ( grunt ) uh , uh ! int . texan's stall the Texan can only see Austin 's foot , which be move about frantically . he can hear the grunting . texan hey pardner , just relax , do not force it ! use some creative visualization . int . austin' stall Austin grunt and snap he head back into Patty o'brien 's crotch . Patty o' brien groans in agony . patty o'brien ( groan ) ughhhhh ... Austin break free of the charm bracelet / garotte , grab Patty o'brien 's head , and pull it between he leg so that it hover above the toilet bowl . austin who do number two work for ? int . texan's stall texan that 's right ! show that turd who 's boss ! int . ausitn' stall austin who do number two work for ? patty o'brien ( quietly , strain ) go to hell . Austin drop Patty 's head into the toilet and flush . we hear muffled gurgling sound from Patty o'brien . int . texan's stall the Texan hear all of this , and be now concerned . int . austin' stall Austin reach into Patty o'brien 's wallet . we see he Dr. evil id card and alotta 's virtucon business card with she address . int . bathroom Austin be leave he stall . the Texan can see Patty o'brien 's dead body head - first in the toilet . texan Jesus Christ , what do you eat ? angle on the floor of austin' stall Patty o' brien 's lifeless hand hit the floor . the charm come tumble out : a heart , a moon , a star , and a clover . a second later , a blue diamond fall out . int . psychedelic scene break music : psychedelic wa-wa pedal funky drummer beat title graphic : Love power Austin and the go - go girl dance crazily . ext . vega HOTEL - morning int . HOTEL suite - day vanessa be on the phone on the bed sifting through photo and file on Dr. evil , virtucon , etc . in the background , through a open door , we see that Austin be asleep on the couch . vanessa ( into phone ) hello mum ? int . mrs . kensington's house - london a older Mrs. kensington sit in she suburban English front room . mrs . kensington ( on phone ) oh , hello vanessa . how be the flight ? vanessa ( v.o. ) great . mrs . kensington how 's Austin ? vanessa ( v.o. ) he 's asleep . mrs . kensington you do not ... int . HOTEL suite vanessa oh , God no , I make he sleep on the couch . in the background , we see Austin get off the couch . he be very naked and very hairy . a strategically place vase of flower block he naughty bit from view . mrs . kensington ( v.o. ) I be proud of you . vanessa why ? mrs . kensington ( v.o. ) because you manage to resist Austin power 's charm . Austin move towards the bathroom away from the flower . right in the nick of time , vanessa hold up a photo of number two and look at it , block he naughty part . vanessa well , God know he try , but I have be rather firm with he , mummy . you do not tell I he be so obsessed with sex . it 's bizarre . mrs . kensington ( v.o. ) you can not judge he by modern standard . he 's very much a product of he time . in my day he could have any woman he want . vanessa what about he tooth ? split screen - HOTEL room / mrs . kensington's house mrs . kensington you have to understand , in Britain in the sixty you could be a sex symbol and still have bad tooth . it do not matter . vanessa I just do not see it . mrs . kensington just wait . once Austin get you in he charm , it 's impossible to get out . vanessa do you ever ... mrs . kensington of course not . I be marry to you father . vanessa do you ever want to ? mrs . kensington Austin be very charming , very debonair . he 's handsome , witty , have a knowledge of fine wine , sophisticated , a world - renowned photographer . woman want hin , man want to be he . he 's a lover of love&amp ; emdash every bit a International man of mystery . we hear the toilet flush . Mrs. kensington wipe off the screen . Austin re-enter from leave to right , still naked . vanessa hold up Austin 's fab Magazine shoot from the sixty , and in perfect timing block he crotch from the camera . vanessa you do not answer my question , mum . mrs . kensington ( v.o. ) I know . let I just say this : Austin be the most loyal and caring friend I ever have . I will always love he . austin ( v.o. ) good morning , love , who be you on the phone with ? vanessa ( to she mother ) do you want to talk to he ? mrs . kensington ( v.o. ) no , it 's be too long . best to leave thing alone . vanessa ( to Austin ) I be on with a friend ! ( to she mother ) look , I would better go . I love you . mrs . kensington ( v.o. ) I love you , vanessa . vanessa hang up . Austin enter wear a " Austin power " robe . austin good morning , vanessa ! I hope you have on clean underwear . vanessa why ? austin we have get a doctor 's appointment&amp ; emdash a evil doctor 's appointment . ext . virtucon MAIN entrance - driveway - day through binocular Pov CUT - out we see a black limousine pull up in front . random Task and another bodyguard exit the limo and secure the area . ext . las vega - bushes we see that the binocular belong to vanessa . she and Austin be on a stakeout . Austin 's jag be in the background . vanessa a limousine have just pull up . austin let I see . Austin pull into frame a extremely long telephoto lens attach to he vintage camera . ext . virtucon MAIN entrance telephoto lens Pov two more bodyguard leave the building and approach the limo . number two exit the building hold Mr. bigglesworth , the hairless cat . he 's not happy about this , and have a scratch on he cheek . freeze frame . sfx : camera motor drive . ext . bushes austin hello , hello . that 's Dr. evil 's cat . vanessa how do you know ? austin I never forget a pussy ...cat . ext . front entrance telephoto lens Pov number two hand the hairless cat through limo 's window . freeze frame . sfx : camera motor drive . the limousine speed off . ext . bushes vanessa let 's go get he ! austin he 's too well - protect right now . vanessa we can not just sit here , Austin . austin let I tell you a story . there 's this two bull on top of a hill check out some foxy cow in the meadow below . the young bull say , 'hey , why do not we run down the hill and shag we a cow ? ' , and the wise old bull reply , ' no , why do not we walk down the hill and shag all the cow ? ' vanessa I do not get it . austin well , you know ... cow , and shagging . vanessa unfortunately , while you tell that stupid story , Dr. evil have escape . austin no worry , love . we will just give basil a tinkle on the tell bone ... he notice the way the desert light catch she beauty . austin my God , vanessa , you be so incredibly beautiful . stay right where you be . Austin change lense and begin snapping picture . vanessa I hate have my picture take . austin you be crazy . the camera love you , vanessa . vanessa do a few coy pose . austin go , vanessa , go ! vanessa let go a little bit more . white cyc Austin and vanessa be in the midst of a full professional photo shoot , and she 's loving it . Austin begin snapping picture , all the while change she look , touch she hair . austin alright , love ! Love it ! turn ... pout for I vanessa . smash ! crazy . give I some shoulder . ( pause ) yes ! yes ! yes ! he motion to she two top button of she blouse . she nod no . Austin nod yes . she sheepishly undoe they . a montage of she in various gowns , one more exotic and exciting than the other . austin show I love . yes ! ( beat ) smash ! vanessa be flanke by two buff male model à la madonna . austin great ! great ! smash ! ( beat ) yes ! yes ! yes ! ( beat ) no ! no ! Love it . give I love . give I mouth . give I lip . ( beat ) go in very close now . he go in closer . austin give I eye . ( closer ) give I cornea . ( closer ) give I aqueous humour . ( closer ) come in closer . give I retina , vanessa . ( closer ) even closer . give I optic nerve . ( beat ) Love it ! ( beat ) and ... do . he throw the camera down . austin I be spend . what say you we go out on the town ? ext . las vega STREET - bus - night Austin and vanessa be on the top deck of a open air double - decker English bus have a full - course formal dinner . they be drink champagne . Austin be cut sausage into ever - smaller piece , hold he cutlery very English . he have cut one piece to the point to which it 's a speck . h put it on the fork and offer it to she . austin Fancy a nibble ? vanessa I could not have another bite . they laugh . they drink . it 's tom jone , serenade they . they begin to dance . Austin give she rose . Austin be woo she . ext . las vega STREET - night they walk along the brightly - light street , laugh , enjoy each other 's company . Austin give vanessa a pet rock . she graciously accept . 64 las vega - superimposition montage Austin and vanessa stroll against a change series of backgrounds&amp ; emdash neon sign , Vegas icon , dice showgirl , etc . int . HOTEL room sound of moan and groans . we see Austin 's backside stick out above a piece of furniture , then vanessa 's high - heele leg strain upwards . vanessa ( o.s. ) watch out , you be on my hair ! austin ( o.s. ) sorry . move you hand to the leave . there you go . gorgeous . vanessa ( o.s. ) go! just go ! we hear a spinning SOUND . austin ( o.s. ) Left hand , blue . we now see that Austin and vanessa be play twister . she reach for leave hand blue and they fall over , laugh . austin wait a tick , I forget something in the lobby . ( move behind the couch ) I know what . I will take the stair . behind the couch , Austin mime go down stair . austin maybe I will take the escalator . Austin mime the smooth descent of a escalator . austin why take the escalator when I could take a canoe ? Austin mime row a canoe behind the couch . vanessa I have not have fun like that since college . austin I be sorry . vanessa why ? austin I be sorry that bug up you ass have to die . she laugh too much , make a snorting sound . vanessa always want to have fun , that 's you in a nutshell . austin no , this be I in a nutshell . Austin mime be trap in a nutshell . austin help ! I be in a nutshell ! what kind of nut have such a big nutshell ? how do I get into this bloody great big nutshell ? vanessa laugh again , snorting , tipsy . austin you be smashed , vanessa . vanessa I be not . austin oh , yes you be . vanessa I be not . I be the sensible one . I be always the designate driver . they be both on the bed . she look at he . he look at she . there be a awkward silence . she 's about to kiss he , then he pull away . austin I can not . you be drunk . vanessa it 's not that I be drunk , I be just beginning to see what my mum be talk about . ( pause ) what be my mother like back in the sixty ? I be die to know . austin ( sentimental ) she be very groovy . she be so in love with you dad . if there be one other cat in this world that could have love you mum and treat she as well as you dad do , it be I . but , unfortunately for yours truly , that train have sail . Austin hear snoring . he look over and see vanessa asleep . a distinctive phone ring and a red light flash . Austin open one of he funky suitcase to reveal a picture phone . it 's basil exposition , on a airplane . basil exposition ( on the picture phone ) hello , Austin , this be basil exposition from british Intelligence . thank you for confirm the link between Dr. evil and virtucon . find out what part virtucon play in something call Project vulcan . I will need you and vanessa to get on that immediately . austin right away , exposition . basil exposition where be vanessa , by the way ? Austin look over at vanessa 's sleep figure . austin she 's work on another lead right now . basil exposition then you will have to go it alone . good luck . austin thank you , basil . basil exposition oh , and austin&amp ; emdash austin ( know ) yes ? basil exposition let I remind you that because of the unfreeze process you might experience flatulence at moment of extreme relaxation . austin oh , yes . thank you . basil exposition there 's one more thing , Austin . austin yes ? basil exposition be careful . austin thank you . Austin look at alotta 's virtucon business card . int . alotta' japanese style penthouse Austin be in a dark penthouse suite . Austin pass a piece of art that be very suggestive of the female anatomy . austin page Dr. Freud . he go over to a credenza where there be a briefcase . he open it . full screen - document Austin 's photograph the dossier with he miniature camera / pendant . austin ( photograph ) give it to I baby . Super . we now see that the document outline all of virtucon 's holding in a flow - chart fashion . austin pout for I , love . smash . yes ! yes ! yes ! no! no ! one side of the chart be label " secret project . " under that we see " human organ traffick " , " carrot top Movie " , and in close - up&amp ; emdash " Project vulcan . " we see schematics for some sort of subterranean probe and a cross-section of the earth label " Crust , mantel , core . " austin and I be spend . the front door open . it 's alotta . austin you seem surprised to see I . alotta I think you would quit while you be ahead . austin what , and watch all my earning go ... ( smug ) down the toilet ? alotta what do you want , mr... cunningham , be it ? austin call I ritchie , miss fagina . May I call you alotta ... ( pause ) please ? alotta you may . austin you boss , number two , I understand that cat 's involved in big underground drill . alotta virtucon 's main interest be in cable television , but they do have a subterranean construction division , yes . how do you know ? austin ( smug ) I do not , baby , you just tell I . alotta it 's for the mining industry , Mr. cunningham . we can talk about business later . but first , let I slip into something more comfortable . austin behave ! music : " the look of Love " by sergio mendez and brazil 66 alotta go behind a japanese screen . in silhouette she take off she clothes and put on a robe . she open a pair of slide door to reveal a elaborate japanese bath grotto . int . japanese bath she slip off she robe , revealing a dr . evil logo tattoo on she shoulder , and enter the water . alotta come in . austin I would rather talk about number two . alotta do not you like girl , Mr. cunningham ? come in , and I will show you everything you need to know . Austin take off he clothes . he be extremely hairy . he go in . alotta produce a soapy sponge and swim over . alotta May I wash you ? austin groovy . she wash he back . behind he back , she pull out he wallet and look through it . angle on he identification . it read " austin power , INTERNATIONAL man of mystery . " angle on he various card : chargex , playboy club , etc . she put he wallet back in he trousers . alotta in Japan , man come first and woman come second . austin or sometimes not at all . alotta Care for some saki ? austin sak - i it to I ! alotta pour they saki . alotta unscrew the diamond in she ring . a sign on the inside of she ring read " relaxation pill . " she drop two pill into he drink . Austin take a sip . his eye glaze over . he 's instantly woozy . alotta how do you feel , Mr. cunningham ? austin mmmm ... I feel extreme relaxation . a big bubble come to the surface , right in front of Austin . austin ( recite poem ) ' pardon I for be rude , it be not I , it be my food . it just pop up to say hello , and now it 's go back down below . ' alotta that 's very clever . do you know any other poem ? austin ( recite in a lofty tone ) ' milk , milk , lemonade . round the corner fudge be make . stick you finger in the hole , and out come a tootsie roll ! ' alotta ( genuinely move ) thank you , that 's beautiful . to you health . austin to my health . alotta kiss I . they go to kiss . she notice he terrible teeth , close - up . alotta do you mind if I ask you a personal question ? austin be it about my tooth ? alotta yes . austin damn . what exactly do you do at virtucon ? alotta I will tell you all in due time , after we make love . but first , tell I another poem . austin I think it be wordsworth who pen this little gem : ' Press the button , pull the chain , out come a chocolate choo-choo train . ' alotta oh , you be very clever . let 's make love , you silly , hairy little man . she glide over to he . int . psychedelic scene break music : psychedelic wa-wa pedal funky drummer beat graphic : the Party Austin and the go - go girl dance crazily . int . dr . evil' private quarter - day Dr. evil , number two , and frau farbissina sit at the large conference table . dr . evil Austin power be get too close . he must be neutralize . any suggestion ? frau farbissina ya wohl&amp ; emdash I mean , yes wohl , herr Doctor . I have create the ultimate weapon to defeat Austin power . bring on the fembot ! music : sexy Matt helm - type theme three fembot enter . they be beautiful buxom multiracial girl / robot in sixty clothes and white go - go boot . dr . evil breathtake , frau . this automated strumpet be the perfect bait for the degenerate power . frau farbissina this be the latest word in android replicant technology . lethal , efficient , brutal . and no man can resist they charm . send in the soldier ! seven soldier come in . they be immediately attract to the fembot . they throw down they gun and come to the girl zombie-like . when they get within range , gun pop out of the fembot ' bras and begin firing , kill the guard . dr . evil quite impressive . frau farbissina thank you , herr Doctor . dr . evil I like to see girl of that caliber . by caliber , I mean both the barrel size of they gun and the high quality of they character ... forget it . sfx : 60's electronic buzzer number two that would be the video feed from kreplachistan . Dr. evil and number two watch a large screen . we see stock footage of a Russian warhead . we cut into a close - up of russian soldier be take prisoner by virtucon soldier in the front of a military vehicle . dr . evil gentlemen , phase one be complete . the warhead be ours . let phase two begin ! patch we through to the United Nations security secret meeting room . int . UN secret meeting room representatives of various country in they traditional garb around a large UN - style meeting table . the british be dress in bowler hat . the AMERICANS all look like JFK . the canadian be dress as mounties . the arab be dress in ceremonial robe , etc . dr . evil gentlemen , my name be Dr. evil . they all look up at the screen . dr . evil in a little while , you will find out that the kreplachistani warhead have go miss . well , it 's in safe hand . if you want it back , you will have to pay I ... one million dollar ! the UN representative be confuse . number two cough . dr . evil ( frustrated ) sorry . one -hundre billion dollar ! the representative argue amongst themselves . UNITED nation secretaty gentlemen , silence ! ( to Dr. evil ) now , mr. evil&amp ; emdash dr . evil ( angry ) Doctor evil ! I do not spend six year in evil medical school to be call ' mister ' . UNITED nation secretary Excuse I . Dr. evil , it be the policy of the United Nations not to negotiate with terrorist . dr . evil Fine , have it you way . gentlemen , you have five day to come up with one hundred billion dollar . if you fail to do so , we will set off the warhead and destroy the world . UNITED nation secretary you can not destroy the world with a single warhead . dr . evil really ? so long . the screen go blank . dr . evil ( to evil associate ) gentlemen , in exactly five day from now , we will be one-hund billion dollar richer . ( laugh ) ha-ha-ha-ha. ( slightly louder ) ha-ha-ha-ha . evil associate ( laugh with he ) ha-ha-ha-ha . dr . evil &amp ; associate ( louder and more staccato ) ha-ha-ha-ha-ha ! ( louder again , and even more evil and maniacal ) ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha ! ( pause ) ohhhh , ahhhhhh ... ( pause , quieter ) ohhh , hmmmm . ( pause , very quiet ) han . there be a uncomfortable pause , because clearly we should have fade to black . the evil associate look around the room , not know what to do with themselves . dr . evil okay ... well ... I think I be go to watch some tv . evil associate okay . sure . they exit the frame awkwardly . int . british makeshift hq Austin and vanessa enter past two british military policeman . there be a communication center , a makeshift armory , bunk , etc . we see basil , dress as the vegas-era elvis . austin hello , exposition . basil exposition Austin , vanessa , let I bring you up to speed . Dr. evil have high - jack a nuclear warhead from kreplachistan and be hold the world ransom for one- hundred billion dollar . if the world do not pay up in four day , he 's threaten to destroy the world . austin thank you , exposition . only two thing , scare I , and one be nuclear war . basil exposition what 's the other ? austin Excuse I ? basil exposition what 's the other thing you be scared of ? austin carny . basil exposition what ? austin Circus folk . ( shudder ) nomad , you know . they smell like cabbage . basil exposition ( suffer he ) indeed ... if we could get back to the business at hand . it 's one thing to have a warhead , it 's quite another thing to have the missile to launch it . austin maybe this photograph be the last piece of that puzzle . ( hand he the photo ) I have uncover the detail on Project vulcan . it 's a new subterranean warhead delivery system . basil exposition good God , and underground missile . we have long fear such a development . vanessa when do you find that out , Austin ? basil exposition Austin do some reconnaissance work at alotta fagina 's penthouse last night . vanessa oh . basil expositon we next move be to infiltrate virtucon . any idea ? vanessa yes , virtucon run a tour of they facility every hour . I suggest we pose as tourist and do site - level reconnaissance . basil exposition top drawer , kensington . oh , Austin , I want you to meet somebody . basil wave to a extremely frail elderly british lady . basil exposition Austin , this be my mother , Mrs. exposition . she 's in from tunbridge Wells in Kent . can you believe , she 's ninety - two year old ? Austin haul off and punch the lady in the face . basil exposition my God , Austin , what have you do ? austin that 's not you mother , that 's a man ! Austin begin tug on she hair . mrs . exposition owww ...my hair ! basil exposition get away from my mother ! vanessa Austin , have you go mad ? the two guard come over and help Mrs. exposition to a cot . mrs . exposition ( through pain ) who be that man ? why do he hit I ? basil exposiion do not worry , mother . lie down . Austin , you have a lot of explain to do . austin I be sorry , basil , I think she be a man . basil exposition damn it , man ! you be talk about my mother ! austin you must admit , she be rather mannish . no offense , but if that 's a woman , it look like she 's be beat with a ugly stick . vanessa really , Austin ! austin look at she hand , baby ! that be carpenter 's hand . basil exposition all right , Austin , I think you should go . austin I think if everyone be honest , they would confess that the lady look exactly like a man in drag . basil exposition I be leave ! ( pause ) oh , and Austin ? austin yes , basil ? basil exposition be careful . austin thanks . basil escort he mother out . vanessa Austin , may I have a word with you ? austin of course , love . vanessa listen , I know I be just be neurotic , but I can not shake this suspicious feel about that italian secretary , Ms. fagina . I mean , I do not want to sound paranoid , but I have have some bad relationship in the past , and I have some jealousy issue . you go to she penthouse . it make I feel so small to give into this insecurity , but I can not help but feel this weird , irrational , unfocus ... well , jealousy . I be sorry . austin do not be sorry . you be right to be suspicious . I shag she . I shag she rotten . vanessa ( stunne ) I can not believe you make love to she just like that . do you use protection ? austin of course , I have my nine- millimeter automatic . vanessa no , do you use a condom ? austin only sailor use condom , man . vanessa not in the nineties . austin well they should , filthy beggar , they go from port to port . alotta mean nothing to I . vanessa ( pause ) well , it mean something to I . if you want we to have a relationship , you have get to be a one - woman man . austin it be just a shag , vanessa . you be everything to I . vanessa you just do not get it , do you , Austin ? good night . welcome to the nineties , you be go to be very lonely . int . HOTEL room - night music : " what the World need now " by burt bacharach Austin look at he address book . angle on the page : we see a list of name cross out , with comment write in beside they . beside jimi hendrix we see " decease , drug " ; Janis joplin , " decease , alcohol " ; mama Cass , " decease , Ham sandwich " ; Jerry Garcia . " decease , gratefully " ; Jane fonda , " Square " . Austin look at he old pair of sixty - era canvas sneaker . he pick up he new pair&amp ; emdash reebok shaq cross - trainer pump . he pump they too much and they explode . Austin look out he window at the lonely city below . we see the CD he 's just purchase , include sergeant pepper be and burt bacharach greatest hit . Austin go over to the kitchenette and put a can of unopen Campbell 's tomato Soup in the microwave and turn it on . it explode in a shower of spark and soup . he put the CD on a record player and drop the needle . the noise be awful . Austin play mortal combat III . his fighter get he head rip off , and blood spew out . Austin be genuinely frighten by this . int . bathroom Austin attempt to use the Water pik , but the head be too loose and water shoot all around the bathroom . ext . car - street of las vega - night Austin drive alone and sad against the rear-projection of Las Vegas . int . casino bar - night Austin drink by himself while a gaggle of EIGHT contemporary young people in love cavort . they look at he like he 's a freak . Austin raise a bottle of zima as if to say " hey , I be down with that " . they shoot he sarcastic peace sign . Austin be pleased . int . HOTEL room - day Austin sit watch the time - life the last thirty year video on tv . vanessa enter . austin hello , love . vanessa thirty year of political and social upheaval . the fall of the Berlin wall , a female Prime Minister of England , the abolishment of apartheid , a fascinating tapestry of human strum und drang . austin yeah , I can not believe liberace be gay . woman love he , man . I do not see that one come . vanessa basil be very concerned to know where you be last night . austin out and about , do odd and sod . vanessa I will tell he . by the way , I have decide we should keep we relationship strictly professional . int . therapist's office - next day we be in the middle of a group therapy session , contain six or seven father with they teenage son . it be emotionally charge . a lot of pain expression and coffee in styrofoam cup . son 1 ( cry ) I love you , dad . dad 1 I love you , Son . they hug . everyone applaud . we see Dr. evil and Scott . therapist that be great , Mr. keon , Dave . thank you . ok , group , we have two new member . say hello to Scott and he father , mr.... ehville ? dr . evil evil , actually , Doctor evil . group hello , Dr. evil. hello , Scott . scott evil ( into it ) hello , everybody . therapist so , Scott , why do not we start with you . why be you here ? scott evil well , it 's kind of weird . therapist we do not judge here . scott evil ok . well , I just really meet my dad for the first time three day ago . he be partially freeze for thirty year . I never know he grow up . he come back and now he want I to take over the family business . therapist and how do you feel about that ? scott evil I do not wanna take over the family business . dr . evil but Scott , who 's go to take over the world when I die ? scott evil not I . therapist what do you want to do , Scott ? scott evil I do not know . I be think , maybe I would be a vet or something , cause I like animal and stuff . dr . evil a evil vet ? scott evil no. maybe , like , work in a petting zoo or something . dr . evil a evil petting zoo ? scott evil ( shouting ) you always do that ! ( calm ) anyway , this be really hard , because , you know , my dad be really evil . therapist we do not label people here , Scott . scott evil no , he 's really evil . therapist Scott . dr . evil no , the boy 's right . I really be evil . therapist do not be so hard on yourself . you be here , that 's what 's important . a journey of a thousand mile begin with one step . scott evil I just think , like , he hate I . I really think he want to kill I . therapist ok , Scott , no one really want to " kill " anyone here . they say it , but they do not mean it . the group laugh . dr . evil actually , the boy 's quite astute . I be try to kill he . my evil associate have caution against it , so here he be , unfortunately , alive . therapist we have hear from Scott , now let 's hear from you . dr . evil the detail of my life be quite inconsequential . therapist that 's not true , Doctor . please , tell we about you childhood . group yes , of course . go ahead , etc . dr . evil very well , where should I begin ? my father be a relentlessly self - improve boulangerie owner from Belgium with low - grade narcolepsy and a penchant for buggery . my mother be a fifteen - year - old french prostitute name Chloe with webbed foot . my father would womanize , he would drink , he would make outrageous claim , like he invent the question mark . sometimes he would accuse chestnut of be lazy . a sort of general malaise that only the genius possess and the insane lament . my childhood be typical . summer in rangoon , luge lesson . in the spring we would make meat helmet . if I be insolent , I be place in a burlap bag and beat with reed . pretty standard , really . at the age of twelve I receive my first scribe . at the age of fifteen , a Zoroastrian name vilma ritualistically shave my testicles . there really be nothing like a shawn scrotum . at the age of eighteen , I go off to evil medical school . from there ... angle on the therapist and the group . they be stunne . psychedelc scene break music : psychedelic wa-wa pedal funky drummer beat title graphic : sock it to I Austin and the go - go girl dance crazily . ext . virtucon high rise - next morning int . hallway - virtucon a tour be in progress . Austin , vanessa , and other tourist ride on a electric tram . austin since I have be unfrozen , I have have a rancid taste in my mouth . do you have a piece of gum ? vanessa ( in she own world ) do you think she 's prettier than I ? austin who ? vanessa you know who . austin no ! do not lay you hang - up on I , vanessa . you be be very trippy . vanessa I be look at you , and the whole time I can not help think you have you willie inside she hootchie-kooch . austtin well put . listen love , we can not keep have this fight . I be a International man of mystery . sometimes in the course of my work to save the world I have to shag some crumpet . it 's all part of the job . tour guide welcome to virtucon , the company of the future . ( point to large display window ) virtucon be a lead manufacturer of many item you will find right in you own home . we make steel , volatile chemical , petroleum - base product , and we also own the Franklin mint , which make decorative hand - paint theme plate for collector . ( hold up plate ) some plate , like the go with the wind series , have go up in value as much as two -hundre and forty percent , but , as with any investment , there be some risk involved . the people on the tour applaud . tour guide come up on the leave , we have the virtucon gift shop , offer a wide range of virtucon license product . on the right , you will notice a door that lead to a restrict area . only authorize personnel be allow beyond that point . int . virtucon gift shop area all the tourist head for the gift shop . Austin notice a seven -foot-tall scientist leave the " restricted area " with a four -hundre - pound female scientist . they both wear virtucon coverall . austin I will take he , you take she . the seven-foot - tall male scientist go to the men' room ; the four-hundred - pound woman go to the lady room . Austin and vanessa follow . we hear from inside either washroom the sound of people be knocked out . Austin and vanessa exit wear the scientist ' coverall over they clothes . magically , the coverall fit perfectly . they go through the door into the restrict area . int . hallway - restricted area they approach the security guard . vanessa Austin , we do not look anything like we photo badge . austin do not worry , baby . I pick up a mind control technique during my travel to India . I learn it from my guru , the late guru shastri , a chaste man who mysteriously die of a disease that have all the hallmark of syphilis . just watch I . watch I , now . they reach the guard . guard hi , folk . you be enter a restrict zone . can I see you security badge ? austin sure . they flash they security badge to the guard . angle on austin . we push in slowly as austin concentrate , raising one eyebrow and then the other , back and forth . music : mystical indian sitar . austin ( hypnotist - like ) everything seem to be in order . guard ( look at the badge ) hey , wait a minute&amp ; emdash angle on austin . he redouble he eye-brow-raising . guard ( trance-like , in Austin 's English accent ) everything seem to be in order . vanessa that 's amazing . let 's go ! austin hold on one second . Austin again do he mind control trick . austin here , have a piece of gum . guard ( in trace ) here , have a piece of gum . he hand Austin a piece of gum . austin do not mind if I do . guard ( slip out of trance ) hey ! wait a minute , that 's my last piece of gum . Austin do he mind - control again . austin no , no , I want you to have it , even if it 's my last piece . guard ( trance -like ) no , no , I want you to have it , even if it 's my last piece . austin ( mind-controlling ) I be go to go across the street and get you some sherbert . vanessa ( irritate ) Austin , we have to go ! she pull he away . guard ( o.s. ) ( faintly ) I be go to go across the street and get you some sherbert . Austin and vanessa come to a door mark " project vulcan - top secret . " they walk through . int . project vulcan research room Inside , scientist wear head - to- toe radiation suit surround and inspect a huge diamond - encrust drill bit . scientist this be the strongest , sharpest drill bit ever produce by man . it weigh fifteen metric tone and can bore through a mile- thick bedrock of solid granite in seven second . int . virtucon gift shop area - tour tram a security guard and the tour guide take a head count . they notice Austin and vanessa 's empty seat on the tram . the guard speak into he walkie-talkie . int . project vulcan research room sfx : alarm goe off announcer ( on PA ) attention , there be intruder in the complex . all the radiation suite scientist turn to look at Austin and vanessa . scientist get they ! the scientist approach . Austin knock two of they out cold with judo chop . austin judo chop ! judo chop ! vanessa knock two of they out use roundhouse kick . security guard flood into the room from the hallway . Austin and vanessa take off through another side door which read " virtucon steamroller testing facility . " int . steamroller testing facility it be a room the size of a large gymnasium overseen by a large observation booth . six steamroller go around a test track very slowly . Austin and vanessa hide behind one of the slowly move steamroller . Security guard enter the facility and begin fan out in a search . austin we only way out of here be to drive out ! they climb up the back of a steamroller , knock out the driver , push he off , and assume the control . p.a. ( o.s. ) there they be ! two security guy jump on either side of the steamroller . vanessa wrestle the machine gun off on and push he away . Austin punch the other one off . austin hang on ! I be go to floor it ! he engage a lever . it go only slightly faster . two security guard jump in front of the steamroller . they be act like they be freeze , ad if in the headlight of a fast - approach car . guard noooooooooooooo ! austin where do you learn to shoot ? vanessa where do you learn to drive ? angle on the guard . one of the guy jump out of the way as if " in the nick of time . " the steamroller be now 8 yard away . the other army guy be still freeze in the path of the oncoming steamroller . guard noooooooooooooo ! vanessa Austin , watch out ! austin ( look around ) where ? where ? angle on the guard . he's bathed in the headlight of the steamroller , which be still 3 yard away . guard noooooooooooooo ! angle on austin and vanessa . austin be frantically jerking the steering wheel and try to downshift . sfx : Metal grind . the shifter break off along with a gaggle of ware . he desperately jam on the break . angle on the guard . he be finally run over by the steamroller . there be a inordinate amount of blood and gut . by now , Austin and vanessa be right by the door . they run out into the hallway . int . hallway the coast be clear . vanessa thank God , Austin , we make it . austin yes , act naturally and we will split this scene the way we come in , vanessa . from behind , a hand knock vanessa and Austin out . it be random Task flanke by four security guard . int . steamroller testing facility we see the aftermath . several workmen sweep up the blood and gut with large squeeege and broom . one of they turn to reveal " steamroller Accident response team " write on he jumpsuit . another workman lean down to the body with a hand broom and dust pail to sweep up blood . zoom in on the steamrolled Army guy 's id tag , which read " steve harwin . " ext . suburban house - los angele it be a pleasant , Marcus welby - like ranch - style house . we hear a phone ringing . int . kitchen a pleasant - look middle aged lady answer the phone . middle aged lady hello ? ( pause ) yes , this be Mrs. harwin. ( pause ) yes , I have a son name Steve harwin . ( pause ) yes , that 's right , he 's a henchman in Dr. evil 's private Army . ( pause ) what ? kill ? ( pause ) how ? ( pause ) run over by a steamroller ? oh my God . thank you for call . she hang up . a fourteen-year-old enter . fourteen -year-old hi Mom ! when 's Steve come home ? he say he be go to teach I to play ball . mrs . harwin sit down , billy , I have some bad news . as you know , you brother Steven be a henchman in Dr. evil 's private Army . billy be ? what be it , Mom ? mrs . harwin you brother be run over by a steamroller . billy a steamroller ? ( burst into tear ) no , not Steve ! since dad die , Steve 's be like a father to I . mrs . harwin I be sorry son . people never think how thing affect the family of the henchman . ( hugging he ) I love you , billy . ( to herself , out loud ) I wonder if we will be able to receive Steve 's henchman 's comp . camera pan to a high -school photograph of Steve on the wall . int . psychedelic scene break music : psychedelic wa-wa pedal funky drummer beat title graphic : the pad Austin and the go - go girl dance crazily . ext . vega - highway we see a virtucon electric minivan humning along . int . back of electric minivan Austin and vanessa be unconscious . ext . highway the electric minivan turn onto a dirt road that lead to a boulder . ext . desert - boulder the boulder lift up and the minivan drive into it . int . underground tunnel the minivan enter a long cylindrical tunnel . int . freight elevator the minivan be be lower on a high -speed elevator . int . dr . evil be MAIN chamber virtucon army member keep watch . scientist check clipboard . dr . evil frau farbissina , check on we guest . the electric minivan pull up right next to the immense table . all the evil associate be present . Dr. evil squeeze a tennis ball repeatedly . frau farbissina open the rear hatch of the minivan and pull out Austin and vanessa . dr . evil welcome to my underground lair , Mr. power . Mrs. kensington 's daughter , how lovely . I believe you name be vanessa ? I would shake you hand , except for obvious reason . vanessa I do not understand . dr . evil my hand , dammit ! look at it ! austin what 's wrong with you hand ? dr . evil do not try to suck up to I ! it 's a little late for that . I be a freak ! look at it , it 's be render useless . he move he arm around to show they , but it 's virtually normal , just slightly age . austin I be sorry , baby , I be just not grock you head space . dr . evil oh forget it . as a fellow player on the international stage , Mr. power , I be sure you will enjoy watch the curtain fall on the third and final act . a large telescreen come on , show the United Nations secret meeting room . dr . evil gentlemen , I give you the vulcan . he press a button on he chair panel . a giant canvas fall , unveil a ultra-high tech diamond - blade subterranean bore&amp ; emdash the vulcan . it be rather phallic . austin ( under he breath to vanessa ) do that make you horny ? vanessa ( under she breath ) not now , Austin . dr . evil the world 's most powerful subterranean drill . int . UNITED nation secret meeting room on screen : stock footage of volcanoe erupting and animated chart of magma squirting through the Earth 's layer . dr . evil ( voice over ) so powerful it can penetrate the Earth 's crust , deliver a 50 kiloton nuclear warhead into the planet 's hot liquid core . upon detonation , every volcano on the planet will erupt . the various representative be abuzz . behind the british delegation sit basil exposition . to he right , sit Mrs. exposition with a hideous black eye . american UN representative why should we pay he the money ? he 's only get one warhead and he 's go to detonate it deep underground . basil exposition ( the light shift towards dramatic as he speak ) my God , man , do not you understand ? it will not just be active volcanoe , inactive one will erupt as well . Seven -eighth of the Earth 's land mass will be deluge with hot magma . tectonic plate will shift , cause massive earthquake . imagine no United Kingdom . think of it , no cricket , no tea , no freshly toast crumpet smother with devonshire clotted cream , the diving mystery of stonehenge . imagine sever forever the continuity of britannic majesty , the demise of this scepter isle , this jewel , this England ... british UN representative any word from power ? basil exposition ( back to normal ) I be afraid we have lose contact with he . british UN representative I see . UNITED nation secretary Dr. evil , it seem we have no choice but to pay you ransom . int . dr . evil be MAIN chamber dr . evil gentlemen , you deadline be in three hour . you have you instruction . good-bye . the screen go black . dr . evil come join we for dinner , will not you Mr. power ? int . dr . evil' private quarter Austin and vanessa be seat at a table with frau . waiter serve food . music : sexy Matt helm - type theme dr . evil I think you will enjoy the food . I have the best chef in the world . his name be ezekial . he 's make of seventy - five percent plastic . Scott enter . dr . evil Scott my boy , come here . how be you day ? scott evil well , I and a buddy go to the video arcade in town and , like , they do not speak English right , and so my buddy get into a fight , and he go 'hey , quit hassling I cause I do not speak french or whatever ' , and the other guy go something in Paris talk , and I go 'um , just back off ' and he go ' get out ' and I go ' make I ' . dr . evil ( try to hide contempt ) fascinating . what be you plan for this evening ? scott evil think I would stay in . there 's a good tittie movie on skinemax . dr . evil and that 's how you want to live you life , be it ? scott evil yeah . what ? angle on a panel of button that have everyone's name on it . dr . evil' hand hover over the button label " scott . " frau farbissina slap he hand away . dr . evil Scott , I want you to meet daddy 's nemesis , Austin power . scott evil why be you feed he ? why do not you just kill he ? dr . evil in due time . scott evil but what if he escape ? why do not you just shoot he ? what be you wait for ? dr . evil I have a better idea . I be go to put he in a easily - escapable situation involve a overly - elaborate and exotic death . scott evil why do not you just shoot he now ? here , I will get a gun . we will just shoot he . bang ! Dead . done . dr . evil one more peep out of you and you be ground . let 's begin . a private army soldier grab Austin and vanessa . Dr. evil hit a button . one whole wall slide out to reveal a tank . dr . evil Mr. power , vanessa , some friend of mine be join we for dinner . they be quite delighted you will be part of the meal . the soldier take Austin and vanessa to the tank and put they in the dip mechanism . austin Dr. evil , do you really expect they to pay ? dr . evil no , Mr. power , I expect they to die . even after they pay I the money , I be still go to melt all the city of the world with hot magma . ( to guard ) all right , guard , begin the unnecessarily slow -move dipping mechanism . the guard do so . Austin and vanessa begin to descend slowly towards the surface of the water . dr . evil release the shark ! ( to the room ) all the shark have have laser beam attach to they head . I figure every creature deserve a warm meal . frau farbissina ( clear she throat nervously ) Dr. evil ? dr . evil yes , what be it ? you be interrupt my moment of triumph . frau farbissina it 's about the shark . since you be freeze , they have be place on the endangered species list . we try to get some , but it will take month to clear up the red tape . DR. evil ( disappointed ) right. ( to Austin ) Mr. power , we be go to lower you in a tank of piranhas with laser beam attach to they head . frau clear she throat again . dr . evil what be it now ? frau farbissina well , we experiment with laser , but you would be surprised at how heavy they be . they actually outweigh the piranha themselves , and the fish , well , they sink to the bottom and die . dr . evil I have one simple request&amp ; emdash shark with friggin ' laser beam attach to they head , and it can not be do ? remind I again why I pay you people ? what do we have ? frau farbissina Sea bass . dr . evil right . frau farbissina they be mutate sea bass . dr . evil really ? be they ill-tempere ? frau farbissina please allow I to demonstrate . frau farbissina throw a leg of lamb attach to a rope towards the tank , where the water bubble and sea bass arch through the air . the sea bass devour the lamb . she pull the rope back . the lamb have be eat to the bare bone . dr . evil fine. whatever . mutated , ill - tempere sea bass it be . ( to the room ) come , let 's return to dinner . Close the tank . scott evil be not you go to watch they ? they will get away ! dr . evil no , we will leave they alone and not actually witness they die , and we will just assume it all go to plan . scott evil I have a gun in my room . give I five second , I will come back and blow they brain out . dr . evil no Scott . you just do not get it , do you ? Dr. evil press a button ; the wall close back over the tank . int . tank area Austin and vanessa slowly descend towards the water . they can see the water bubbling beneath they . vanessa what 's you plan ? just then , a sea bass jump out of the water , just miss Austin . austin first , I plan to soil myself . then , I plan to regroup and think about the next move . any thought ? vanessa sadly , no . hold on ! I always keep this on I just in case . she pull out a container of dental floss . austin all right , I get it . I have bad tooth . you have to understand , in Britain in the sixty you could be a sex symbol and still have bad tooth . it do not matter . vanessa no , no , no . we will use the floss to get to the ledge . austin smash idea ! give it to I . Austin take the container and draw out four foot of dental floss and spin the container above he head like a bolo . he throw it and it wrap around a radiator and it catch like a grapple hook . Austin begin draw out the floss to take up the slack . meanwhile , the slow-dipp mechanism be edging towards the sea bass . unfortunately , Austin be still draw out the floss . he keep pull out floss . more floss still . the mechanism continue to sink . finally , the floss line go taut . Austin tie it off high on the pole of the slow - dip mechanism . Austin hold out he hand like a surgeon&amp ; emdash vanessa place a tube of toothpaste in he hand . meanwhile the guard be reach to undo the floss . Austin place the open tube on he palm , aim at the guard . vanessa whistle at the guard loudly . he turn around . austin judo chop ! Austin judo chop the toothpaste tube , send a stream of toothpaste into the guard 's eye . guard ( scream , rub he eye ) my eye ! my eye ! Austin fold the tube across the top of the wire , grab both end . austin hold on , vanessa ! she grab onto he and they slide down the floss to safety right as the dip mechanism go under the water . meanwhile , the guard wait for they with toothpaste smear all over he face . he and Austin struggle . the guard manage to get Austin pin to the ground , Austin 's head dangle over the water . sea bass circle . the water boil , dangerously close to Austin 's head . vanessa ( shouting ) Austin , watch out ! Austin flip the guard over . the sea bass chew the guard 's head off like a blender . austin not a good time to lose one 's head . vanessa indeed . austin that 's not the way to get ahead in life . vanessa yes . austin it 's a shame he be not more headstrong . vanessa shut up . austin Fair enough . they head out a door . angle on the headless torso . the name tag read " JOHN smith . " ext . hooters restaurant - day it be a sport bar- type restaurant that have scantily clad busty waitress . int . hooters restaurant at a table we see fifteen or so twenty - something guy , scout chick , drink mug of beer . guy 1 I can not believe John Smith be get marry tomorrow . guy 2 where be smittie anyways ? it 's not like he to be late for anything , especially he own stag party . guy 3 well , you know he 's a henchman for Dr. evil . sometimes they work late . can I just say something that may sound a little sappy ? I think it 's a testament to we friend John that so many of he buddy show up in he honor . there 's a lot of love in this room . a large- breast waitress approach with a phone . waitress hi , I have a phone call here for the John Smith party . guy 1 hello ? ( pause ) yes , I have a friend name John Smith . ( pause ) that 's right , he 's in Dr. evil 's private army . ( pause ) what ? he 's dead ? ( pause ) decapitate by mutate fly sea bass ? oh my God ! ok , thank you . he hang up . guy 2 ( to guy 1 ) hey Bill , what 's wrong ? be that John ? be he come late ? guy 1 guy , John 's not come . guy 2 why ? guy 1 he be decapitate by mutate fly sea bass . guy ( upset ) oh no , oh my God , etc . guy 1 all right , to smittie ! everyone raise they glass . guy to smittie ! int . psychedelic scene break music : psychedelic wa-wa pedal funky drummer beat title graphic : out of sight Austin and the go - go girl dance crazily . int . corridor Austin and vanessa drive a Dr. evil golf cart down a brightly - light , narrow corridor to a doorway mark " emergency exit . " vanessa what do we do now ? austin we have get a freak out square and world annihilation be he bag . you go get help . I be gonna stay here and keep a eye on the bad Doctor . vanessa I be not go anywhere . we be a team . austin too right , youth . that 's why I need you to lead the troops . vanessa I will hurry back . austin listen , vanessa , whatever happen , I just want you to know that I feel bad about shagging that italian girl . I have a sip of sake and all of the sudden , I do not know what happen . the whole time I be shagging her&amp ; emdash I mean really shagging she , I mean it be crazy , I be like a huge mechanical piston , in and out , in and out ! &amp ; emdash vanessa ( cut he off ) Austin , what 's you point ? austin anyway , what I be try to say be that if you want I to be a one - woman man , well , that 's just groovy , because ... I love you . vanessa oh , behave ! vanessa go out the door . int . ladder vanessa start climb up the ladder . int . corridor Austin try to turn the cart around in the narrow corridor . he begin a twenty - seven point turn . int . dr . evil' private quarter Dr. evil , Scott and the evil associate finish dinner . dr . evil come , everyone , let we repair to the main chamber . Project vulcan be about to begin . Scott , be you come ? scott evil I do not want to . dr . evil do not you want to see what daddy do for a live ? scott evil ( under he breath ) blow I . dr . evil what do you say ? scott evil show I . they all go towards a giant door with the radiation symbol paint on it . int . corridor Austin 's still try to turn the cart around . pull back to reveal&amp ; emdash the cart be completely wedge perpendicularly in the corridor . Austin jump out and start run down the hall . Austin come to a T in the hall and go around the corner . he see two guard and duck into a door . int . fembot lair Inside be seven fembot loung in various seductive pose on sixty furniture&amp ; emdash egg chair , trapeze , round furry bed , etc . music : sexy Matt helm - type theme austin hello , hello . fembot hello , Mr. power , care to have a little fun ? austin ( look at he watch ) no , actually , I have to save the world . he run towards to door to exit . suddenly , a pair of female legs drop and wrap around Austin 's neck and lift he up . his foot leave the floor . another fembot cartwheel up to Austin . nozzle pop out of the tip of the fembot 's bra . austin be it cold in here ? a cloud of multicolor gas spew from the nozzle . Austin be overcome . the room start to spin . int . dr . evil be MAIN chamber - control area Dr. evil sit into he chair with he radiation suit on . dr . evil Arm the probe ! a small electric flatbe come in carry the nuclear warhead . a phalanx of Dr. evil 's soldier run beside it . the cart approach the subterranean probe and the warhead be load up into its tail . int . fembot' lair Austin be on the bed be hold down by the fembot . psychedelic music play . project color swirl light flash . the fembot swirl around seductively . austin ( delirious ) I have get to get Dr. evil ! ( eye close , finger in he ear ) Margaret thatcher naked on a cold day ! Margaret thatcher naked on a cold day ! Margaret thatcher naked on a cold day ! int . dr . evil be MAIN chamber the ( very phallic ) vulcan droops to its down position . dr . evil probe in place . technician in " virtucon " lab coat scurry about , be technical . dr . evil five minute to go . let the penetration countdown begin . Dr. evil press a button mark " penetration begin . " next to it be a large button that say " abort . " angle on a eastern european technician at a microphone . eastern european technician ( on PA , very slowly , with very thick accent ) five minute and coun -ting . ext . desert vanessa lead fifteen commandos on atc across the sand . int . fembot lair two fembot guard the door and five be on the bed in come - hither pose . fembot you can not resist we , Mr. power . eventually you will give in . austin au contraire , I think you can not resist I . music : sexy Matt helm - type theme Austin start he seductive dance . he do a quick head count of the fembot , reach out of frame , pull out eight cigarettes , put they in he mouth and light they with a blowtorch . he throw seven cigarettes one by one . each cigarette land perfectly in a different fembot 's mouth . Austin smoke the remain cigarette . Austin begin to do a seductive striptease . the fembot be arouse . he take off he shirt , revealing he hairy chest , and focus he sexual energy on one fembot . she begin to shake violently , she head shaking back and forth like in Jacob 's ladder . eventually she head explode . Austin be now stripped down to he Union Jack bikini brief and turn to another fembot . her head explode . he take off he shoe and throw they away cavalierly . then he toss down he light cigarette and grind it with he bare foot . he give a look of disguise pain . he mouth " I love you " to another fembot . her head explode . he do the ' I will call you ' hand signal to yet another fembot , whose head explode . Austin do a hip -thrust to another and she head explode . Austin lean over and wag he rump to the two remain fembot . ausitn oh , I fall over . they head explode simultaneously . all the fembot be lie on the floor , smoking . just then , vanessa enter , flanke by a couple of commandos . she survey the scene and look at Austin in he brief . she 's hurt . the commando salute Austin . austin it 's not what it look like , vanessa . ( to the commando ) at ease , boy . vanessa ( glance down ) likewise . austin I can explain . they attack I . Gas come out of she ... well , and then they ... and I ... vanessa I believe you , Austin . let 's go . austin hold on a tick , let I put on my tog . int . MAIN chamber Austin and vanessa lead fifteen commandos into the chamber and gunfire break out . two catwalk run the length of the chamber , meeting at the door to the control area . the commando split into two group and lob grenade at the private army soldier who be guard the stair lead to the catwalk . they go fly . int . control area the alarm go off . dr . evil activate the blast shutter ! Metal shutter automatically cover the window overlook the probe mechanism . dr . evil Launch the subterranean probe ! the giant probe engine begin to throb and whirl . the tip of the spin probe suddenly strike the floor of the chamber and burrow into the earth with atomic force . smoke and debris explode upwards . the entire chamber quake violently&amp ; emdash eight on the richter scale . eastern european technician we have penetration . subterranean detonation&amp ; emdash two minute and coun -ting . int . dr . evil be MAIN chamber Austin , vanessa , and three commando be pin down behind several virtucon barrel int . catwalk another four guard block they way . Austin go to shoot , but he 's out of bullet . sfx : clicka -clicka Austin and vanessa run along the catwalk towards the control room . they be directly in the path of ten charging private army soldier . austin follow I ! we be go to have to jump over the rail ! vanessa be you crazy ? austin do not worry ! angle on side shot of catwalk they continue to run towards the guard behind some stacked barrel . two obvious stunt double run out from behind the barrel in a continuous motion instead of Austin and vanessa and diver over the rail . angle on the other team of commandos they be make progress on the other catwalk . angle on austin and vanessa they have land safely , but be surround by five private army soldier , armed to the teeth&amp ; emdash one have a bazooka , one have a flamethrower , one have a gatling gun , etc . they see Austin and throw down they weapon , pull out knive . one of the private soldier run at Austin and he stab he . another soldier run at Austin , and Austin also stab he . a third private army soldier run at Austin . Austin do the stabbing motion . sfx : clicka-clicka austin blast ! out of ammo . vanessa unleash a series of kick , knock they all out . int . control room Austin begin to enter . vanessa Austin , I be come with you . austin I be go it alone this time , vanessa . I have a follow - up visit with the evil Doctor . vanessa I will secure the perimeter . int . control area Austin enter the control area . a virtucon army man fire at he . Austin return fire , shoot up some electrical equipment . live wire dangle dangerously . Austin see Mr. bigglesworth run out a read door . dr . evil ( o.s. ) come , Mr. bigglesworth ! Austin head for the door until he smack into a invisible force field . he turn and see a bank of old - fashioned computer label " destructacon 5000 " . destructacon ( v.o. ) good afternoon , Mr. power , I be the destructacon 5000 . I be program to prevent you from progress beyond this point . you might as well surrender . resistance be futile . you odd of survival be 23,763,273 to austin well , destructacon 5000 , you have quite a head on you shoulder , I dare to coin . destructacon ( v.o. ) yes , I be program to answer any question . austin really ? let I ask you this . what be love ? destructacon ( v.o. ) that do not compute . austin why not ? it 's a question . destructacon ( v.o. ) Love be ... love be ... love be ... the computer begin to smoke . alarm bell ring . destructacon ( v.o. ) remjack ! remjack ! ( sing ) Daisy , Daisy ... ( faster ) remjackremjackremjack ! there be a muffle explosion . the computer go dark . Austin pass through the force field and head for the door until he hears&amp ; emdash eastern european man ( on PA ) subterranean detonation&amp ; emdash one minute and coun -ting . he begin look furiously for the abort button . austin ( to Eastern european man ) where 's the abort button ? the Eastern european man hold up he finger as if to say ' give I one second . ' eastern european mean ( on PA ) forty -five second and coun -ting . ( to Austin ) it 's right over there . Austin see the abort button . it be across the room . just then , random Task enter . Austin see he and go to shoot he , but he have run out of bullet . random task take off he shoe . Austin make he way across the room to the button . random Task throws he shoe . angle on shoe spinning in the AIR the shoe hit austin in the head . Austin pause . the shoe have not kill he . it have just hurt he slightly . austin ow ! that really hurt . I be go to have a lump there , you idiot ! who throw a shoe ? you fight like a woman . eastern european man ( on PA ) Fifteen second and coun -ting . random task block Austin 's way to the button . he stand there , menace , miss one shoe . expose wire be everywhere . on the counter beside Austin be a Big gulp . austin Care for a drink ? Austin throw the drink at random Task 's foot . it land in front of he on a pile of expose wire . electricity travel through the Big gulp , up random Task 's wet sock , electrocuting he . he begin to smoke , and then die . austin shock . eastern european man Three ...two ...one ... a 50 kiloton explosion from deep in the earth rock the control area . ext . stock footage montage - volcanos erupting different volcanoe around the world . lava spew and flow . int . control area Austin dive in slow motion towards the abort button . he fly through the air for a inordinate length of time . austin ( slow motion distortion ) nooooooo ! his hand land on the button . eastern european man ( on PA ) abort . ext . stock footage montage - reverse volcano eruption lava , smoke and debris suck back into volcanoe around the world . ( eruption footage run in reverse . ) int . control room have save the world , Austin pick up a machien gun from a fall private Army guy and run to the door at the back , chase Dr. evil . int . corridor Austin chase after Dr. evil . int . dr . evil' private quarter Austin burst in , catch Dr. evil pack a suitcase . austin I have get you , Dr. evil ! dr . evil well do , Mr. power . we be not so different , you and I . it 's true , you be british , and I be belgian . you have a full head of hair , mine be slightly recede . you be thin , I be about forty pound overweight . ok , we be different , I be not make a very good point . however , be not it ironic , Mr. power , that the very thing you stand for&amp ; emdash swinging , free love , party , distrust of authority - be all now , in the nineties , consider to be ... evil ? maybe we have more in common than you care to admit . austin no , man , what we swinger be rebel against be uptight square like you , whose bag be money and world domination . we be innocent , man . if we would know the consequence of we sexual liberation , we would have do thing differently , but the spirit would have remain the same . it 's freedom , man . dr . evil you freedom have cause more pain and suffer in the world than any plan I ever dream of . face it , freedom fail . austin that 's why right now be a very groovy time , man . we still have freedom , but we also have responsibility . dr . evil really , there 's nothing more pathetic than a aging hipster . alotta enter . she hold a gun to vanessa 's head . alotta not so fast . dr . evil well , it seem the table have turn , Mr. power . just then , Scott evil enter . scott evil hey , dad , I can take my sega , right ? Austin grab Scott and put the gun to he head . austin it seem the table have turn again , Dr. evil . dr . evil not really . kill the little bastard . see what I care . austin man , you be one chilly square ! scott evil dad , we just make a breakthrough in group ! dr . evil I have the group liquidate , you little shit . they be insolent . scott evil I hate you ! I hate you ! I wish I be never artificially create in a lab . dr . evil Scott , do not say that ... Scott run off . in the confusion , vanessa knock the gun out of alotta 's hand . alotta pull out a knife . Austin shoot the knife out of she hand . vanessa grab alotta by the throat . vanessa this be for sleep with my man , you whore ! alotta I do not sleep with he . vanessa I do not believe you . alotta ( choke ) it 's the tooth . vanessa ok , I believe you . but you still must be chop . vanessa give she a judo chop . vanessa judo chop ! meanwhile , Dr. evil have run to the egg shape rocket , which close and begin to lift up through a hole in the ceiling . he run in . on the way , he flip a switch which say " self -destruct - 5:00 minute . " eastern european man ( o.s. ) ( on PA ) five minute to self - destruct and coun -ting . Austin shoot and miss . rocket exhaust pour out of the hole in the ceiling . austin let 's split ! Austin and vanessa run out the door into the ... int . corridor they pass number two , who be front of a open safe , stuff he pocket with cash while the other be try to escape . Austin and vanessa run to the main chamber ... int . MAIN chamber ...to the main corridor ... int . MAIN corridor ... past the fembot lair , over the wedge - in cart , to the escape ladder . they begin to climb . int . MAIN chamber explosion , debris , the cavern begin to collapse . 134 stock footage - desert floor - MERCURY test sight Ground cave in from a underground nuclear explosion . ext . raft - middle of the ocean - day Austin and vanessa be float in a large inflatable raft . fiery debris fall in the water around they . vanessa I have something to tell you . austin Lay it on I . vanessa I love you , Austin . austin that 's fab , because I love you , too , vanessa . vanessa kiss I . austin behave ! Austin and vanessa draw towards each other , prepare for a passionate kiss . just as they lip be about to touch , however , they be interrupt by a strong wind and the noise of a helicopter overhead . they hair be blow all about and the wave be whipped into a frenzy . austin just when thing be get interesting . angle on basil exposition wearing scuba gear , be lowered on a rope from the helicopter . he stop just above they . basil exposition well , Austin , you have stop Dr. evil from destroy the world with he subterranean nuclear probe , and somehow you and agent kensington manage to escape unscathed from he evil lair . austin I would say that about sum it up , exposition . basil exposition not quite , actually . vanessa , I have something for you . basil hand vanessa a official - look set of leather - bound credential . basil exposition because of you exemplary service to her majesty , you be now officially a active field agent with all the privilege and responsibility thereof . vanessa thank you , exposition . I be honore . austin congratulation , field agent kensington ! basil exposition Austin , I have something for you as well . he hand he a business card . basil exposition here 's the number of my dentist , he 's first rate . Ring he up , he will look after you . austin thanks , basil . maybe the nineties be not so bad after all . vanessa oh , Austin . Austin and vanessa embrace and kiss . basil exposition Austin , now , about you next mission&amp ; emdash still kissing vanessa , Austin motion with he thumb to the pilot of the helicopter to lift basil up . he rise away in mid - sentence . basil exposition ( rise up ) but , wait , i&amp ; emdash you get I again . oh , and austin&amp ; emdash austin ( call out ) yes basil ? basil exposition ( rise ) be careful ! Austin and vanessa kiss again . the helicopter blow they around . the camera tilt up to the sky and continue to rise , until we be in&amp ; emdash ext . space we see dr . evil' capsule in orbit around the Earth . dr . evil ( v.o. ) I will get you yet , Austin power ! end credit roll last credit read " see austin power in you only floss once . " austin power logo announcer ( v.o. ) now you can get all the Austin power movie in one laser disk box set ! virtucon Home video present " the power Collection . " display table with five laser disk laid out , alongside a pk - 47 , Austin 's glass , and floss and a toothbrush . announcer ( v.o. ) relive all you favorite Austin power movie , include ... 141 grainy , black &amp ; white clip show Mike as Austin power , with fifty hair and suit , against a rear projection of explosion and stunt from stock footage . announcer ( v.o. ) Middle name : danger . austin so , Dr. evil , do you expect the world to pay the ransom ? dr . evil no , Mr. power , I expect they to die . announcer ( v.o. ) no Austin power collection would be complete without some of the later hit , like ... seventie film clip announcer ( v.o. ) four eye only . we see Austin from behind , talk to a girl in a bathing suit . girl in bathing suit oh , Austin , kiss I . he turn around . it 's Austin power , play by roger moore , with the same glass and bad tooth . roger moore oh , behave ! he do a frightening grin , display the awful teeth . announcer ( v.o. ) we have also include some of the more obscure hit , like ... 143 very runny color film clip announcer ( v.o. ) from India with affection . we see Austin power play by a indian gentlemen , same glass , same bad tooth . indian ausitn ( indian accent ) well , my good fellow , be you expect I to pay the ransom to you , you despot ? indian dr . evil ( indian accent ) no kind sir , I expect you to go up in the evolutionary chain . but first , I expect you to sing . indian austin ( sing , indian atonal ) ' if music be the food of love , let' bake a cake .' display table announcer ( v.o. ) all the Austin power adventure in one laser disk box set ! 145 clip from movie - austin in tight close - up austin behave ! the end