austin power : the spy who shagge I by Mike myer music : timpani roll and dramatic sting narrator in he last adventure , Austin power , a swinging spy from the sixty , be unfrozen in the nineties to battle he archenemy Dr. evil . Austin foil Dr. evil 's plan to send a nuclear warhead to the center of the earth and banish he into space forever . or so he think . ext . HOTEL - night ( establishing shot from first movie ) super : the french riviera int . HOTEL - hallway elegant double door with a brass plaque read " honeymoon suite . " a " do not - disturb " sign hang from the handle . int . HOTEL suite from the first movie : Austin and vanessa snuggle in bed . she play with he chest hair . vanessa I love you , Mr. power . austin and I love you , Mrs. power . shot to match existing footage : Austin get out of bed . we see vanessa put on she robe from behind , and then existing footage : Austin and vanessa kiss . vanessa let 's go out on the terrace . it 's a beautiful night , we can look at the star . ext . HOTEL balcony existing footage : Austin and vanessa gaze at the star . austin look how beautiful the night sky be . vanessa be not that the big dipper ? austin yeah , and that look just like Uranus . vanessa Austin ! austin ( sheepish ) well , you know . vanessa hey , I have never see that big star before . austin yeah , what be that ? Austin pull out he telescope and take a look . austin be Pov - telescope effect ext . space existing shot : the Bob 's Big Boy rocket . int . dr . evil' capsule dr . evil this be not over yet , Mr. power . I have one more trick up my sleeve , do not I Mr. bigglesworth ? the freeze Mr. bigglesworth meow . ext . space the Bob 's Big Boy rocket . suddenly , a hatch open in Bob 's rear end and Dr. evil 's silver egg capsule poop out . sfx : ploop ! capsule begin fiery re-entry to Earth int . HOTEL room Austin come in and shut the balcony door . austin oh well , I guess it be nothing . a vanessa double cross carry a bouquet of flower , which obscure she face . austin Care for some champagne ? ( pour ) here 's to monotony -- I mean , monogamy ! vanessa sit at the vanity with she back turn . austin hello ? vanessa ? what be you do , love ? vanessa ( back turn ) just put on my -- as vanessa turn around she put she hand up and pull off her face revealing wire , transistor , and a speaker where she mouth should be . fembot vanessa ( computer voice ) make -up ! austin ( frighten ) vanessa , you be a fembot ! they fight . midway through the fight , machine gun pop out of vanessa 's breast . austin Machine gun jubbly , how do I miss that ? vanessa ( robot voice ) perhap next time you should try foreplay . her machine gun breast FIRE , spraying the room in slo -mo . then they run out of ammo and click , click . Austin empty he gun into the robot , but to no avail . she rush at he , he give she a judo chop , also to no avail . then Austin ' notice a self-destruct switch and hit it . she start to twitch , she head spin , and she explode . fembot part fly around the room . Austin sit on the bed , sadden . he hold vanessa 's hand , which have wire hang out of it . on one of the finger be she wedding ring . music : very sad piano austin ( very sad ) I can not believe vanessa , my bride , my one true love , the woman who teach I the beauty of share you whole life with another , the person who teach I the meaning of love , be a fembot . how will I ever go on ? ( beat ) wait a tic ! that mean I be single ! oh , behave ! int . lobby - HOTEL Rich european guest mill about the luxurious lobby . suddenly , Austin dance through naked . just as we be about to see he bit and piece , a man lift up he suitcase . austin yeah , baby , I be free ! I be naked and free ! sequence credit music : soul bassanova by quincy jone pan up Austin 's naked body as he walk down a boardwalk . just as the camera reach that most sensitive of area , a credit appear starring mike myer . Austin give a big ' who I ? ' and we freeze frame . ext . boardwalk - french rivera european type stare and point . we see Austin from behind . his bottom half be block by a bicycle . the bicycle move away . just as Austin 's bum be about to be reveal - a credit appear block it . Austin turn he head around to the camera and put he hand to he mouth in a 'oh my !' take and we freeze frame . a man in a raincoat flash Austin , he thingy block by a credit . Austin just laugh ... crazy , man ! Austin go around a corner . a moment later he return , follow by a nude marching band . a sign on the leave side of the screen read " warning ! nude Beach " . Austin enter from the leave . we see he naked , hairy torso from the waist up . just as he be about to appear from behind the sign , a ... credit appear moving left to right block he penis lengthwise as he walk . nude beach - credit sequence a girl sit on a blanket ; a horizontal credit block she bare chest . Austin lay on he back beside she , try to be suave ; a vertical credit appear . the wind blow away a kite , revealing a stark - naked girl . the credit " production design " block she chest ; the credit " by " block she you - know - what . Austin walk into frame ; the " production designer' name " disguise he grow interest . Austin join a nude volleyball game in progress . credit appear everywhere to block all possible combination of nudity . people leap in all direction to make save , cause credit to appear at crazy angle . a pretty girl watch Austin lift weight . her boob be block by the " written by " credit . Austin lift a dumbbell . the credit " mike myer " stick out from he waist . Austin look proud . a buff naked bodybuilder join they . he lift a much heavier weight . a much longer credit stick out from he waist : " and michael mcculler " . Austin pout . Austin run down the beach , he bum block by the credit " direct by " . he jump on a trampoline and do the split in mid-air : freeze frame and pan around like in the gap " khaki swing " ad . Austin smile crazily , he penis block by " jay roach . " Austin do a super- duper double flip into he jaguar . austin shaguar , baby , yeah ! cu on the chrome script on the grill : it read " shaguar " where it would normally read " jaguar " . the car speed off . full screen tv jerry springer show on the stage we see a klansman father and he klansman son , a Nazi father and he Nazi son , and scott evil all seat on a panel . lower third chyron : " my father be evil and want to take over the world " jerry springer if you just join we , today 's topic be " my father be evil and want to take over the world " . now , Bobby , you have something you want to share with you father before the break . bobby dad , I know you be against race mixing and all that , but I meet someone ... klansman do not say it ! the crowd whoops . bobby I meet someone ... and he 's black . the crowd go crazy . klansman he ? the klansman hold he hood head in he hand . jerry springer please welcome Tim . a handsome Blair underwood look - alike enter and hug the klansman 's son . the crowd scream . jerry move to scott evil . jerry springer now Scott , tell we about you father . share with we . scott well he 's the head of a evil organization that have aspiration for world domination . jerry springer and where be you father right now ? scott he 's in outer space , like freeze in a giant egg and stuff inside a Big Boy rocket with he cat , Mr. bigglesworth . jerry springer really ? well , we have a surprise for you , Scott . let 's bring out scott be father , Dr evil . Dr evil enter . lower third chyron : " want to take over the world " dr . evil hello Scott , I be back . scott I can not believe you would do this to I on national television ! dr . evil they offer I a free makeover . jerry springer Dr. evil , we have see a lot of the father here today open up to they son , son to the father . be there anything you would like to share ? dr . evil share ? jerry springer yes , do not you have any secret ? dr . evil ok . I have a vestigial tail . everyone be a little gross out . dr . evil it 's more of a nub , really . the spine just go on a little longer than it should . also , I have dabble . I mean , perform fellatio once and you be a poet , twice and you be a homosexual . I remember once I be be fisted by sebastian cabot - but here 's where the story get interesting . he be lactose- intolerant . he could eat red meat all night long , but one sip of milk and it be gastric hell . and I remember we be catch in fragrance delicto by Henry kissinger , and you can imagine my humiliation at have hank hear I say , " Mr. french , no tooth . " one of my great disappointment be that I never become a song and dance man . I could have be a quadruple threat , kind of like a despotic Ken Barry . dancer , singer , actor , and I would possess nuclear weapon , the latter be the most threaten of the four . I once sit on a bus and try to will myself a menstrual cycle . all I end up with be a sense of failure and a mild neuralgia in my incisor tooth and perhaps a grudge respect for the weaker sex . I love toe cleavage . for the most part I distrust dog . I sleep in a horse once . it be quite roomy . on second think , it be the ritz . I name my leave testicle ' piss ' and my right testicle ' vinegar ' . I write " it 's raining Men " , or so the Christmas baby tell I . oh yes , I also make a marzipan voodoo effigy of the fonze while I be in coma after smoking some peruvian prayer hash , but who at the end of the day can honestly say they have not do that ? the springer audience be stunne , slack - jaw and for once quiet . klansman what be you , some kind of freak ? scott shut up , jagoff ! Studio audience whoops at this . klansman I will kick you ass punk ! crowd go crazy . dr . evil no one talk to my boy that way ! Dr. evil charge at klansman and start to bitch slap he . Security man , with headsets on , rush in to separate they . dr . evil I be ok , I be ok . there be a beat , then Dr. evil charge the guy again , knock he down . dr . evil come Scott , let 's go to daddy 's new evil lair . ext . world headquarters build - day we pan up a modern office building . the camera reach the top of the building and we see a giant starbucks logo and the word : Starbucks World headquarters . int . starbucks board room the penthouse boardroom be adorn with Starbucks paraphernalia : large logo , clear canister full of bean , and a large world map with a little logo everywhere there be a Starbucks . around a large table be Dr. evil , number two ( bandage and lightly spot with soot ) , frau , Scott and a couple of new henchmen . a Starbucks employee serve everyone steaming hot coffee product . number two Dr. evil , as the legitimate frontman of you organization , I seize upon the opportunity to invest in a small Seattle - base coffee company several year ago . today , Starbucks be a far - flung empire with 2000 outlet worldwide . dr . evil oh good , number two , I do enjoy a good cuppa joe . number two if I may continue , I believe if we shift we resource away from world domination and focus on provide premium quality coffee drink , we can increase we gross profit fivefold . Dr. evil take a sip of cappuccino , leave a white frothy milk mustache on he upper lip . dr . evil right . perhaps you have confuse I with someone who give a shit . might I remind you that I run the show here ? I demand a little respect . number two ( indicate Dr. evil 's milk mustache ) Dr. evil , I think you -- dr . evil silence ! I will not tolerate you insolence ! remember what happen last time . flashback ( footage from first movie ) number two disappear backwards into the fiery pit . int . starbucks world headquarters number two smile weakly , break into a sweat on he brow . number two May I add , I appreciate you reinstate I after we little ... misunderstanding . dr . evil frau farbissina . wie geht be einen ? we see frau . she look a little more ' masculine ' than before . frau Zehr gut , herr Doctor . dr . evil how be thing ? frau I have come to embrace the love that dare not speak it 's name . to my right be my lover . we see a severe- look german woman with one continuous eyebrow . frau her name be unibrau . I meet she on the lpga Tour . dr . evil right on . welcome , unibrau . Dr. evil take another sip of cappuccino , make the frothy milk mustache even larger . frau Doctor , you have a ' milk mustache . ' dr . evil ( wiping it off , embarrassed ) oh , I know . I know . number two Dr. evil , I would like to introduce the Greek assassin , oedipus . we see a swarthy Greek army guy . dr . evil welcome to my private army , oedipus . excite ? oedipus I could give a shit . dr . evil kiss you mother with that mouth ? oedipus yes . dr . evil of course you do . Dr evil begin to press a button label " oedipus " on he control panel , but number two interrupt . number two ( clear throat ) Dr. evil , as you know , the rate at which you liquidate henchmen far exceed we ability to replace they . dr . evil I have so few pleasure leave to I , number two . the key to life be to rotate you vice . one day it 's execution , another day it 's creamy french cheese . it 's like frickin ' heroin . number two well , Dr. evil , perhaps I have the answer . while you be freeze , we begin a program to clone you . dr . evil cool . number two we have a few glitches , but I think you will be pleased with the result . frau ( shouting ) send in the clone ! music : dramatic sting we see the shadow of a approach figure . the shadow look like Dr. evil , only much larger and scarier . number two he be identical to you in every way , except he be one - eighth you size . we see that the source of the shadow be a miniature dr . evil , just like the creepy mini-Marlon brando in the Island of Dr. Moreau . he mimic Dr. evil 's mannerism include hold he tiny pinky to he tiny mouth . dr . evil breathtake . I shall call he mini- me. ( to clone ) mini- I , you will sit to my right . mini- I sit down in a miniature version of Dr. evil 's command chair . dr . evil come Mr. bigglesworth ! the bald Mr. bigglesworth run and jump into Dr. evil 's lap . a bald mr. bigglesworth kitten jump into mini- I 's lap . dr . evil mini-me , something to eat ? ( expectant pause ) no? ( pause ) ok . ( to room ) tire . gentleman , I have a plan . as you know , the most powerful man in the world be the President of the United States . but he be just that - a man , subject to temptation of the flesh like any other man . here 's what we do : we make it seem that the President have have " extra-marital oral relation " with - and this be the kicker - dramatic sting , SNAP zoom to dr . evil . dr . evil with a White House intern ! Dr. evil gloat . so do mini-me. number two ( clear he throat ) uh-hem . dr . evil what , that already happen ? number two nod . dr . evil this be ri-goddamn -diculous . oh well , how about a frickin ' time machine ? do the president have a time machine ? have I be scoop on that ? number two no , not that I be aware of . dr . evil alright , time machine it be . as you know , every diabolical scheme I have hatched have be thwart by Austin power . and why be that , lady and gentleman ? scott because you never kill he when you get the chance and you be a dope ? mini- I hop upon the table and try to push the " Scott evil " button on Dr. evil 's control panel . frau squirt he with a water bottle . mini- I glare at Scott and give he the finger . dr . evil no , because Austin power have " mojo " . number two mojo ? frau yes , mojo . the mojo be the life force , the essence , the libido , the " right stuff " . dr . evil it 's what the french call a certain ' I do not know what . ' scott if you have get a time machine , why do not you just go back and kill Austin power when he 's a baby or something ? dr . evil no , no , no . number two ( interrupt ) Dr. evil , would not it be easier to use you knowledge of the future to play the stock market ? we could literally make trillion . dr . evil ( smug laugh to himself ) why make trillion when we could make ... ( pause ) billion ? number two Excuse I ? dr . evil why think small be all I be say . scott a trillion be more than a billion , numb-nut . dr . evil Zip it . unveil the time portal ! a wall panel open to reveal a stargate - like wall of shimmer energy . dr . evil lady and gentleman , I give you the time portal . as you know , Austin power be freeze in 1967 . therefore , I time travel to 1969 , two year after he be freeze . Security will be lax and I will strike when he be totally helpless . first , I take Austin power ' mojo . then I begin my domination of the world . scott can I come ? dr . evil no , Scott , daddy have a score to settle . Austin power be the snake to my mongoose , or the mongoose to my snake . either way it 's bad , I do not know animal . but I do know this : this time it 's personal . frau , number 2 , I will see you both in 1969 . come , mini- I . Dr. evil walk to the portal . mini- I follow , imitate he perfectly . they enter the portal . there be a freeze frame effect and they fade away , like in Star Trek . int . dr . evil' volcano lair - Dr. evil and mini- I emerge on the other side of the portal into a new lair . it be a large hollow - out volcano room dominate by chrome conduit and tasteful art piece . a young frau sit with number two , now play by rob lowe in a eye-patch . dr . evil ah , here we be mini- I , 1969 . number two , you look very youthful and healthy . ( turn to frau ) and frau you look ... right . as Dr. evil walk to the center of the room , chair rise from the floor . everyone take a seat , but Dr. evil get catch in the middle as chair rise around he . he be frighten . one of the rise chair hit he in the crotch . dr . evil ok , people , we now officially have a chair problem . if another one of this chair hit I in the nut , I be gonna go postal . mini- I , I want you to meet number two . number two hello there . mini-me say nothing . dr . evil mini-me ? mini-me still say nothing . dr . evil shy . low blood sugar . ( to room ) gentlemen , phase two be beginning . I have a operative inside the Ministry of Defense . by this time tomorrow , Austin power ' mojo will be mine . Dr. evil go over and look out the large window . dr . evil ( maniacal laugh ) ha-ha-ha ! ha-ha-ha ! ext . dr . evil' tropical island - we cut outside to see that window be in fact the leave eye of a mt. rushmore - type depiction of Dr. evil carve into the side of a volcano on a tropical island . DR. evil ( v.o. ) ( maniacal laugh ) ha-ha-ha ! ha-ha-ha ! int . mod - cryogenic freezing room - we see Austin 's frozen body in cryogenic storage . above it , we see two digital clock . one read : current date : may 25 , 1969 , the other read : date frozen : november 11 , 1967 . one of the scot guard , be a immensely fat scottish soldier ( play by Mike myer ) . british colonel we have have report that there 's a spy in the Ministry of Defense . the content of this room be vital to the country . be on special alert . fat soldier ( thick Scottish accent ) that bastard will have to kill I before I let anything happen to this wee naked hairy popsicle , sir ! british colonel very good . and try and lose some weight for God 's sake ! they exchange salute and the Colonel exit . fat soldier yessir ! ( sotto after the Colonel ) I outta smash you tooth out with a toffee Hammer Mr. English Colonel telling - me-what-to-do- and-steal - we -oil-refusing - to-recognize - our- Scottish - Independence ! the fat soldier begin to play the bagpipe , a white vapor come out of they , fill the room . the other soldier collapse , unconscious . he bore through the ice and pull out a sixty high - tech syringe type device with a LED graph on the side . he place it in Austin 's navel . the LED meter go from red to green , indicate full mojo . ext . / int . austin' shaguar - drive - day Austin drive in modern traffic . he be drink a starbucks coffee and listen to the jag 's in - dash CD player . suddenly Austin droops . the car start to sputter . the fuel gauge read empty . austin gor blimey , I be on empty ! that 's funny , I just fill the shaguar up this morning . Austin hit a button on the dashboard . basil exposition appear on the picture phone in the dash . basil exposition ( on picture phone ) hello , I be basil exposition , head of british Intelligence . austin you always be , basil . listen , the weirdest thing just happen , I have run out of petrol . basil exposition we will send a man around immediately . how be you honeymoon ? austin vanessa try to kill I , basil . she be a fembot ! basil exposition ah woman , who can understand they ? move on , let 's discuss you new case . austin New case ? very shagadelic , basil ! basil exposition you will be do a photo shoot . we know that one of the model be a ex - kgb agent sell top secret material to the high bidder . austin that sound easy enough , you know what they say : all work and no shagging make Austin a dull boy , man ! int . ski lodge Austin set up he photo equipment . the room be decorate in classic heffner - bear skin rug , leather chair , roaring fire . austin ( look around ) tres chic , baby . reg , the photo assistant , enter . reg Austin , the model be ready . austin ta , reg . bless you cotton sock . hey , reg , do you have any hobby ? reg what ? austin hobby , man ! I for one enjoy make model ! the model make they entrance . they be real supermodels , say cindy crawford , rebecca romajin and also one model we do not know . supermodels ( circle Austin ) it 's he ! oh my God ! it 's Austin power ! Austin shoot a look to reg like ' still get it , baby . ' austin one at a time , girl . one. at. A. time ! cindy hi , I be Cindy . I do not believe I have have the pleasure . austin of course you have not have " the pleasure " , we just meet , baby , yeah ! rebecca how do you do , Austin ? I be Rebecca . ( indicate the photo gear ) you equipment be quite impressive . austin thank you . you breast be amazing . Austin come to the unknown model . she be tall and angular . austin and what 's you name , baby ? model ( thick Russian accent ) ivana humpalot . austin Excuse I ? ivana ivana . ivana humpalot . austin and I vanna toilet make of solid gold but it 's just not in the card , now be it ? Austin look over the girl , try to decide who be the spy . austin ( v.o. ) ( inner monologue ) now , which one be the Russian spy ? Cindy Crawford , Rebecca romajin ... or ivana humpalot ? think , man , think ! Austin begin snap picture . the sequence be shot like a photo shoot , with freeze frame , etc . austin alright , baby ! Love it . turn and pout for I baby ! smash ! Cindy get on all four . austin great , darling . give I some shoulder . yes , yes , yes . ( angry ) no ! no ! full frame , cover of vogue . Cindy with she head frame out . austin ( to Rebecca ) show I love . smash ! you be a animal . you be a tiger . be a tiger , baby ! you be great ! you be grrrrrr - eat ! you be tony , be corn flake , baby , be frost . now be a lemur , baby ! you be a ring -taile lemur . Rebecca look confuse . rebecca a lemur ? austin a small mammal native to the African savannah . c'mon baby , you know . like this ! ( imitate lemur ) ok , predator come ! now , burrow , burrow ! you be a lemur . it 's all you have get . ( beat ) I take it back . be a tiger again . smash ! full frame , Rebecca on the cover of National -- geographic . austin and ... do ! I be spend ! Austin throw he camera to reg , who catch it . reg hel - lo , you forget about ivana . austin I do not forget , baby . miss humpalot and I be go to have a ' private session ' . reg show the girl out as they protest . Austin and ivana be leave alone . Austin clap twice and the light dim . he clap again and the fire go up . music : I be never go to fall in Love again by burt bacharach ivana when do you get " the clapper " ? austin November , 1964 , dutch East indie , shore leave . ivana be you cold , Mr. power ? austin I once have a bad experience with frostbite . I have to dip my tadger into a brandy snifter . ivana move over to a chessboard set up nearby . ivana do you know how we keep warm in Russia ? austin I can guess , baby . ivana we play chess . austin I guess wrong . ivana it take a keen intelligence to play chess . of course , you know what they say about man with big brain , do not you ? austin they wear large hat ? ivana no , they make better lover . austin wrong again . ivana start play with the chess piece sexily ( like in the Thomas crowne affair ) . ivana I assume you know how to play . she run the bishop across she lip sexily . austin of course . the ... horsey ... move in a L shape . Austin try to match she sexy move and choke on a piece . austin let 's stop play game with each other ... especially difficult one . May I ask you a question , miss humpalot ? ivana of course . austin do I make you horny ? do I ? Austin roll around on the polar bear rug . ivana I will tell you anything you want to know , just make love to I . she pull he shirt off , revealing he prodigious chest hair . ivana you be hairy , like a animal ! austin ( growl and bark ) grrrr , baby . Austin take the head of the bear skin rug . austin grrrr. ruf ! ruf ! ( cover the bear 's eye ) wait a tick , I do not want he watch I while I be on the job ! ivana make love to I , monkey man . austin groovy , baby ! we pan around the room , see all the stuff and mount wildlife who seem to be watch . suddenly the camera stop . so do the music . ivana ( o.s. ) what 's the matter ? CUT to : montage - various stock footage a tall flower wilt and bed over . a souffle fall . a flag be lower to half mast . a giant redwood fall in a forest . a hot air balloon deflate and fall . a actual scientific diagram of a penis in the refractory period . int . lodge austin ( to camera ) crikey , I have lose my mojo . ext . london street ( stock footage ) a ambulance race through the street , siren blaring . ext . ministry of defense super : " ministry of defense " int . mod - hallway basil hurry through , push past technician and worker . basil exposition where be he ? in here ? int . mod - lab basil enter . Cross between a hospital room and a lab . Austin lie in bed hook up to lot of monitoring equipment . basil exposition Austin , I come as soon as I hear . austin there must be some kind of mistake , basil . maybe I be drunk and I do not know it . Austin hold he neck very stiffly . basil exposition what 's wrong with you neck , Austin ? austin ( turn stiffly to face basil ) I take a viagra and it get catch in my throat . I have have a stiff neck for hour . basil , be it true ? have I lose my mojo ? basil exposition we be go to run a few test , Austin . do not worry , old friend , we will get to the bottom of this . int . mri machine Austin be be load into one of that big scary mri machine : the mojonator 9000 . the mojo meter read very low . int . mod lab montage ( time - lapse ) : technician in white suit and mask transform the room into a love lair : a pair of latex - glove hand carefully put a burt bacharach record on a turntable . examination light be replace with lava lamp . a tray be bring in with a videotape mark " swedish educational film . " finally , the transformation be complete . Austin lie in bed read a vintage playboy . a candy stripe nurse enter , very pretty , in a tight outfit . nurse Excuse I , Mr. power , I need to give you a sponge bath before we begin the test . austin ( not pay attention to she ) alright , miss , just let I finish this article on the Suez crisis . a alarm go off . Bright light come on . basil enter . austin what 's go on ? basil exposition alright , everyone , we be do . austin but the test have not even start ! basil exposition agent haggerty be the test , Austin . not only be you actually read a article in that playboy , but a candy - stripe nurse offer to give you a sponge bath do not so much as turn you head . austin wait , I can explain , man ! I be go to shag she but the article be so fascinating -- basil exposition I be sorry , Austin , I be afraid it 's true : you have lose you mojo . basil show Austin the mojometer , which read empty . austin ( crush ) without my mojo , I be useless to the Ministry and to her majesty . I think it 's time to retire . basil exposition I be afraid that 's not possible , Austin . you see , Dr. evil have return . austin again ? basil exposition again . int . mod - time - TRAVEL room Austin and basil ride on the back of a golf cart through the large room you have ever see in you life . basil exposition we have evidence that Dr. evil have develop a time machine . basil show Austin alter photo of Dr. evil with famous villain , such as sadam , Nixon , and Donald trump . basil exposition we researcher notice that this photo from the archive have change . that mean Dr. evil be travel back in time and create alliance with each decade 's most despise villain . Austin try to read they and get queasy . austin I can not read in the car . I get a bit vomy . Austin burp and swallow it . austin get it . I almost gip . basil exposition ( v.o. ) we data indicate that Dr. evil be in the year 1969 . luckily , we also have a time travel device . after year of research we have develop a machine that will transport you back to the sixty . a bright overhead light come on spotlight a brand new volkswagen beetle convertible , paint up psychedelic by Peter Max . austin but basil , be not that the new volkswagen beetle ? basil exposition that 's what they would like you to believe . austin so , basil , if I travel back to 1969 and I be freeze in 1967 , I could go look at my freeze self . but , if I be still freeze in 1967 , how could I have be unthawe in the 90' and travel back to the sixty ? ( go cross - eye ) oh , no , I have go cross -ey . basil exposition ( to camera ) I suggest you do not worry about that thing and just enjoy yourself . Austin get into the car and turn it on . austin this be smash basil . I will go back to the sixty , recharge my mojo , defeat Dr. evil and be back in time for tea . basil exposition good luck , Austin . austin luck have nothing to do with it , basil . Austin step on the gas . the car lurch in reverse and smashes some equipment . austin sorry. ( change gear ) swing sixty , here I come , baby , yeah ! the car take off , head for the wall . it disappear , leave flame tread mark . flash CUT to : ext . STREET - london - the beetle time machine appear out of nowhere and screech to a stop . a London hippie smoking a hukka watch . he throw the hukka down . Austin hop out . austin I feel better already , man ! Austin smile and we see that he tooth be back to be terrible . he walk off as a crowd gather around the car . ext . park - london Austin enter the park in high spirit . we pull back to see that Austin be be watch through binocular by a big aryan assassin . pull back further to reveal a beautiful mysterious woman watch both of they . from this distance we can not tell who she be . a sign read " be - in for peace " . hippies , mod , and freak of all description dance to the music of a psychedelic band . the band 's name be on the drum kit : " ming tea . " austin alright , baby , a swinging shin-dig ! Austin get into the dance , quickly become the center of the scene . the lead singer of the band invite he on stage and hand he the microphone as the band start a new song : " sexual revolution . " Austin begin sing and a choreograph musical number begin involve the outdoor crowd a la Bob fosse 's sweet Charity or Hair . austin ( sing ) ' there's a sexual revolution , you can feel it in the AIR . people shagging just like weasel and they just don't seem to care . hip-thrust young mod freak fosse-hump rhythmically . austin ( sing ) hey , watch out square ... you make US bore ! the penis be mightier than the sword Austin do various groovy dance move like the rock ' em sock ' em robot and the heavyweight . austin ( sing ) there's a sexual revolution and you ain't see nothing yet people shagging in the club and inside a jumbo jet forty austin appear in a kaleidoscope effect . austin ( sing ) hey square world the end be nigh . when we say hump you say ' how high ? ' Three groovy chick behind Austin suddenly have tambourine for the big finale . the assassin and the mysterious woman be both in the audience , keep a eye on Austin . all we see of the woman be shot of she boot , clothes , and a female symbol medallion . austin ( sing ) so go make love or masturbate -- sexual freedom will never be out of daaaaaaaaaaate ! Austin hold the note a improbably long time , arm outstretch . the dancer crouch - walk towards the camera . everyone ( chant ) free -- love ! ( louder ) free -- love ! ( louder ) free -- love ! ( shouting ) it's the sixties ! the song end and all the dancer end up on one knee with they arm outstretch , panting . Austin breathes heavily and smile smugly like Michael flatley , Lord of the dance . we be tight on Austin 's ass . pull back to see that it be the mysterious woman who be watch Austin 's ass . she smile behind the binocular hide she face . 37 ext . carnaby ST . Austin walk down the street look at he new beatle album . sitting in a park citroen watch he be the assassin . the Aryan assassin nod to a shoe - shine on the street . the shoe-shine boy nod to a business man in a homburg . the business man nod to a bobby . the bobby nod to a woman with a baby carriage . the woman with a baby carriage nod to a mime . the mime nod to a blind beggar with a tin cup . the blind beggar nod to a carpenter on a roof . the carpenter flash a light to a indian chief . the indian Chief give a smoke signal to a telegraph operator . the telegraph operator send a signal to the beefeater guard . the beefeater salute with he pike to a sexy ticket collector on a double - decker bus . the sexy ticket collector signal a taxi driver . the taxi driver nod back to the assassin as he drive by . int . citroen the assassin get the signal and start the car . the whole nodd sequence be a circular waste of time . ext . STREET - various angle Austin walk along . suddenly , he see the citroen come at he . he dive out of the way and take off run . he round a corner and pretend to be a couple making out against a wall by hugging himself . the assassin see he and slam on the brake . he raise he gun . Austin turn as he hear a car honk . it 's Austin 's beetle convertible . the mysterious woman step out . we see she in she entirety for the first time , and what a sight it be . she have long auburn hair and wear a tight racing suit , unzip just enough to show the female symbol medallion . she be felicity shagwell . music : felicity's theme felicity Care for a ride ? austin that 's my beetle , baby . felicity it be you beetle . get in . Austin dive in as the assassin fire . the car speed off . int . beetle ( rear projection ) felicity drive expertly . felicity Austin power , I presume ? austin power by name , power by reputation . felicity felicity shagwell , CIA . shagwell by name , shag-very - well by reputation . austin ( turn to camera ) crazy , baby ! ext . road the beetle zip along , and then -- the citroen appear behind it . the assassin fire . int . beetle felicity turn around to look . felicity grab the wheel , would you ? Austin grab the wheel and felicity pull a gun . she turn and fire out the window . ext . road the assassin 's tire blows . the car skid towards a cliff and he jump out as it go over . ext . cliff see from the ocean the car go over and tumble down the cliff , bounce three time before it explode . ext . cliff the assassin hang on to a branch with one hand . he fall . assassin ahhhhhhhh ! ext . cliff see from the ocean same shot as the car : the assassin 's body go over and tumble down the cliff , bounce three time before it , too , explode . felicity well , Austin , I think this time you may have meet you match . austin oh , I have beat Dr. evil before , and I will beat he again . felicity I be talk about I . she smile , turn , and walk away . int . austin' pad the room be dark , with only a single spotlight provide illumination . suddenly , Austin and felicity rise on a elevator into the middle of the spotlight . austin welcome to my shag pad , baby . Light flood the pad , revealing hang basket chair , hi - fi , and Warhol silk screen of Austin . Austin blow dust off a table . austin Care for something to drink ? Austin hit a button and a bookcase revolve to reveal a wetbar . austin or perhaps something to read ? Austin walk seductively over to the real wetbar and hit a button . it revolve to reveal a bookcase . austin how about a hot cup of coffee ? felicity yes , I rather fancy a grind . austin oh , behave ! Austin hit a button and a automatic coffee- pourer pour a cup . music : girl from impenema by jobim austin would you like a ... mas-sage ? a sensssual mas-sage ? Austin hit a button and a series of action take place : the floor open up to reveal a sink bed ; red gel slide into place over the lamp ; a painting slide back to reveal a reel - to-reel ; a end table revolve to reveal a selection of massage oil . felicity lie on she stomach . Austin begin to massage she . austin how do that feel , baby ? felicity mmm , lower . austin ( lowering he voice ) how doe that feel , baby ? they laugh . Austin continue to massage she . felicity wait , something 's itching I . she reach behind she and unty the strap of she evening dress , revealing she naked back . felicity that 's better . austin crikey !!! Austin gulp and accidentally spurt way too much oil on she . austin sorry . Austin continue the back rub and felicity stretch out on the bed . austin ( talk to he crotch ) hello , anyone home ? c'mon lad , do it for England . Austin take a peak - - nothing . he be panicked . felicity oh , that be so relax . felicity stretch very sexily . austin would you ' like to see my etching ? felicity ( sexy ) I think I be ready for bed . she move close to Austin . he slide to the other side of the bed . austin I will get you some pjs . felicity no , I be ready for bed . she move over to he . he avoid she . austin oh , you will want to clean you tooth then . Austin hold up toothpaste and toothbrush . felicity finally grab he and pin he to the bed . felicity no , I want to have sex with you , Austin . austin hello vicar ! felicity I have study everything about you - you method , you accomplishment , you preference . you be the reason I become a spy . now , I have wait two year to meet you , so I say we get busy make up for lose time . Austin sit up . austin ( reflective ) felicity , I use to think that way , too , but I guess ... I guess I have change . not to make a short story long , or to ramble on and on , or to keep talk in a repetitive manner ad infinitum until it become impossible to remember what I be talk about in the first place , but - where be I ? music : sad instrumental austin oh yes . felicity , I can not shag you . I have lose my mojo . felicity ( obviously disappointed ) oh. austin I think come back to the sixty would bring it back , but it have not . felicity Austin , do not worry . I know just the man to help you . he 's my guru . ringo recommend he and he 's the best . austin I will warm up the jumbo jet , baby ! ext . austin' psychedelic jumbo jet Austin 's plane in flight . ext . india - stock footage ext . / int . beetle Austin and felicity drive against obvious rear screen projection of India . int . ashram it look like a mosque , with incense , tapestry , and disciple . Austin and felicity enter . music : sitar felicity there he be . that 's my guru . we see the guru pitka ( play by Mike ) , a indian man in a bright red sari . felicity guru , I would like you to meet Austin power . austin how be you baby ? guru pitka my chakra be align and I be in a perfect state of equipoise . austin good on ya . I do not know what that mean but it sound fab . felicity guru , we need some advice . guru pitka hold you horse and any other beast - of burden . I must lead my disciple in meditation and then I will help you . the guru walk to the front of the room and the disciple sink to they knee . disciple ahhhhhh ! guru pitka my name be the guru pitka . I be a spiritual teacher and I have combine many disparate discipline into a unify movement of human potentiality and equipoise that I learn from my guru , the late guru shastri , a chaste man who die mysteriously of a disease that strangely have all the hallmark of syphilis . he would say to I , sparky , love be all , life be breath . disciple ahhhhhh ! guru pitka now , perhaps you be wonder where I get the nickname sparky . well , when we be young we use to play a game call " stinkmop " . we would urinate into a bucket , dip a mop into it , and play tag . I do not care for " stinkmop " and a very wise old man say to I 'oh lighten up , sparky ' , and I do not know , the name kind of stick . disciple ahhhhhhhh ... guru pitka now , the reason I be a spiritualist instead of a therapist be that ' therapist ' often become ' the rapist ' and that will not help we attain potentiality . now what be potentiality ? it be the ability to achieve that goal that we wish to achieve for ourselves . people often say to I that they feel " nowhere " , and I be go to change that to " now here . " the guru hold up a card which say " nowhere = now here ! " disciple ahhhhhhh ... guru pitka and you have many assumption about you goal , but when you " assume " you make a " ass " out of " u " and " I " . guru hold up a card which say " assume = ass - U - I . " disciple ahhhhhhh .... guru pitka the be , or that which we call ' ourselves ' , be not the tinker . it be not the taught . it be the gap between the tinker and the taught ! we be not we mind , we be not we body , we be the gap ! guru hold up a card that say " not tinker , not taughts , but the gap " with the familiar gap font . disciple ahhhhh ... guru pitka ( rapid fire ) the heart of the matter be that you be the heart of the matter . there be no " I " in " team " . beer before liquor , never sicker . do not take a wooden nickel . if you pipe be short and you pump be weak , you better stand close or you will piss on you foot . he who go to bed with itchy bum wake up with smelly finger . disciple ahhhhh ... guru pitka finally , the path to spiritual awaken require the death of ego . leggo of my ego ! let we end with the mantra : om ay vant yu uh ... Mo ay vant yu uh ... Mo ay vant yu Hu . disciple ( chant ) om ay vant yu uh ... Mo ay vant yu uh ... Mo ay vant yu Hu . the guru take a swig of yoo-hoo . guru pitka go with God , and pay at the door please . the disciple file out . Austin and felicity approach . guru pitka how can I help you ? austin guru , I be have trouble perform . guru pitka what do you mean ? austin you know - my bit and piece be a bit sleepy . guru pitka I be not understanding . austin I have forget the step to the mummy - daddy dance . guru pitka still not clear . austin my flag 's at half mast and no one will salute it . guru pitka sorry ? austin my Willie do not work . guru pitka why be you beat around the bush ? austin that 's my problem . guru pitka ohhhhh , I get it . ( beat ) no , I do not get it . felicity he 's impotent ! austin alright , easy . ( to guru ) felicity and I be all set for some hump Olympic and I could not bat for six . guru pitka oh , yes , I see . austin you have no idea what I be say , do you ? guru pitka not a word . austin guru , I have lose my mojo . guru pitka oh , mojo ! you should have say so . well , you have lose you mojo because you chakra be misalign . you have lose love . austin lose love ? oh , you mean vanessa ? felicity who 's vanessa ? austin she be a evil robot minion of Dr. evil . I could not have love she . guru pitka denial be not just a river in Egypt , buddy . you will only get you mojo back when you surround yourself with love . austin oh , I get what you be say now ! he 's talk about free love , baby ! tune in , turn on , and drop out ! guru pitka I be talk about true love . you must stay and study until you be worthy . austin no way , man . the only way to surround yourself with love be to throw a swinging shin-dig ! yeah , baby , yeah ! int . DR. evil' volcano lair Dr. evil and frau be interrupt by the man we now know as fat bastard . he be foul - mouth , and when he swear he be bleep . dr . evil well do , fat bastard . May I have the mojo ? fat bastard first thing first , where 's you shitter ? I have gotta bleepin , turtle head pokin ' out . DR. evil ( disgust ) right. charm . fat bastard - you do not mind I call you fat bastard do you ? fat bastard I have get a lot of demon kickin ' around in my noggin , but weight issue be not one of they . dr . evil alright , fatty - fat bastard the name be fat bastard ! I be the incorrect weight for my height and I be bear out of wedlock , hence the moniker fat bastard . hey , I be not kiddin' . I have get a crap on deck that could choke a donkey . dr . evil fat bastard , the mojo ? fat bastard where 's my ( bleep ) money ? dr . evil a gentleman never discuss money . fat bastard Fine , you can take you ( bleep ) in ' money and shove it up you ( bleep ) , you stupid ( bleep ) prick ! while you be at it you can suck my greasy , two - tone ( bleep ) ! DR. evil ( pause ) vulgarity be no substitute for wit . fat bastard ( bleep ) you ! dr . evil right . bring in the money . Dr. evil private army soldier drive in a forklift load with gold bar . fat bastard alright , here it be . fat bastard slowly draw out the high - tech syringe full of mojo . Dr. evil be mesmerize . dr . evil mini- I , fetch . mini- I run and snatch the mojo from fat bastard and give it to Dr. evil , who caress it and place it on a specially prepare pedestal . number two enter . number two Dr. evil , I have some bad news . Austin power be back in the sixty . one of we best assassin spot he but he get away . dr . evil this be ri-goddamn - diculous , we have he mojo . number two there be another . felicity shagwell , CIA . suddenly , Scott evil enter through time portal . dr . evil Scott , what be you do here ? scott I do not know , I be sit around watch the tube and the courtship of Eddie 's Father come on Nick at nite , you know , and I be just listen to that theme song -- ( hum / sing the theme ) anyway it make I think that maybe we could try and work thing out . you know , you be my dad and I need you . dr . evil you have you chance , Scott . I already have someone create in my image . he 's evil , he want to take over the world , and he fit easily into most overhead storage bin . ( look around ) have anyone see mini-me ? ( call out ) mini- me! mini-mouse ? mini- Driver ? hello ! Mini Pearl ? can we put a frickin ' bell on he or something ? Scott , very hurt , sit back in he chair and sulk . Dr. evil hit a button and a model moon and a model earth descend . dr . evil gentlemen , phase three . we place a giant laser on the moon . let I demonstrate . ( beat ) where 's my laser ? Dr. evil look around and see mini- I gnaw on the model laser . Dr. evil take it from he mouth dr . evil mini- I , do not chew my laser . ( to room ) not feel well . he have a ear infection , but tit 's ok . ( pause ) no? nothing ? ( back to model ) anyway , the laser be powerful enough to destroy every city on the planet at will . we will turn the moon into what I like to call a " death Star " . Scott snicker . dr . evil what ? scott ( snicker again ) nothing darth . dr . evil what do you call I ? scott nothing . ( pretend to sneeze ) rip-off ! DR. evil ( unsure ) bless you ? anyway , since my " death star " laser be invent by the note Cambridge physicist , Dr. parson . I think we would name it in he honor -- the Alan parson Project . Scott snicker again . dr . evil what now ? scott the Alan parson Project be a progressive rock band from 1982 . why do not you just name it operation wang chung , ass ? dr . evil ( indicate laser ) when you get you own evil empire , you can call it whatever you want . gentlemen , allow I to demonstrate the awesome lethality of the Alan parson Project . Fire the laser ! insert shot : a giant laser beam smashes down through the roof of the White House , cause it to explode . everyone be shocked by the laser 's power . number two my God , Dr. evil , you destroy the wihite House with no warning ! dr . evil actually , that be just footage from the 1996 blockbuster motion picture Independence Day , but it would be a lot like that . what do you think , Scott ? scott yeah , codename : Thompson twin be really impressive . dr . evil shhhh ! scott I be nineteen , I do not - dr . evil shh ! shh - shh . shh - shhhhhh - shh . shh - shh ! it 's morse code . ( read imaginary paper ) let I decipher ... it say ' shhhhh ! ' scott you be so lame - dr . evil ( like electric company ) ssssss ...huuuuuh ... shhhhh ! number two Dr. evil , what be we go to do about power ? dr . evil fat bastard , in addition to be extremely rotund , you be a vicious killer . take care of it . fat bastard it will be my pleasure . dr . evil it 's a easy job . without he mojo , power will be ... powerless ? int . austin be pad - night a party , pack with dance freak of every stripe , be in full swing . a girl dance in a oversize birdcage . austin this shag - in be gonna blow you mind , baby , yeah ! the party sequence be shot like laugh - in . very fast cut to the music . Austin see a very pregnant woman drink a martini and smoking . he gently lift she drink and cigarette away from she . pregnant woman hey ! austin you will thank I later , baby . another angle . Austin and felicity dance . austin ( notice someone ) hey ! ricardo monteblan , how be you ? we see ricardo monteblan - smoking a hukka on a round chair . ricardo hello , Austin ! ball , say the queen and the king laugh because he have too . austin ( to camera ) crazy , man ! felicity let 's split up and scope the scene . austin do not do anything I would not do - at least not without I . felicity slap Austin on the butt as he walk off . austin oh , behave ! CUT to : Austin at the bar with a exotic-looking mod chick . austin ( to chick ) you be very exotic , baby . do you have a little English in you ? chick no . austin would you like to ? CUT to : a Alan Zeus- type very gay guy . alan zeus guy ( roll he eye ) this be ridiculous ! CUT to : a london cop and felicity be on hang chair . london cop have you ever be pick up by the fuzz ? felicity no , but I bet it really hurt . CUT to : a guy in a raincoat on a tricycle , shot undercranked , ride through the party and fall over . CUT to : Austin pop into frame with a book that say " austin power sexy dictionary " . austin the Austin power sexy dictionary define a eskimo hooker as a frosty prosty . CUT to : a eskimo at the bar in a fur parka . eskimo ( to camera ) I do not get it . CUT to : the camera pan up felicity 's cool hip-hugger , which be very tight . austin that be skin tight . how do you get into that pants , baby ? felicity well you can start by buy I a drink . Austin do a spit take . CUT to : felicity with a viking . viking you be great last night . by the way , I be thor . felicity you be thor ? I be though thor I can hardly thit . CUT to : Austin be wear a silly spike german helmet like in hogan 's heroes . austin ( german accent ) hello , I be Baron von firstinb . last night I have german - chinese food . a hour later I be hungry - for power . CUT to : zeus guy oh puh-leez , why do not you take a handful of F - off pill ? CUT to : austin do you hear about the contortionist who be engage to be marry ? felicity yeah , I hear she break it off . CUT to : Film run backwards of Austin do a spit take . CUT to : artie johnson in german helmet behind a plant . artie johnson verrrrry interesting - but shtupid ! CUT to : Austin take he glass off to clean they . we see he Pov , which be totally fuzzy . he look over and see what appear to be a nude girl - two round globe and dark triangle . Austin put he glass on and look again . it be actually a girl in a flesh - color dress . in between she and Austin be two completely bald men and a triangular martini glass fill with a cosmopolitan . CUT to : cut to Austin and felicity together again . felicity look at that . she point to where fat bastard and he companion be stand . austin that 's not a pretty sight . who be he ? felicity until recently he work security for the mod , but we think he might be a double agent , possibly for Dr. evil . austin how do you know ? felicity we have notice that he lifestyle have change dramatically . he 's make a lot of cash purchase , he 's hang out with fox half he age , and he 's become quite a fixture on the London party circuit . austin who 's the girl ? felicity I do not know , but it look like he 's split . fat bastard exit . felicity I will follow he . you see what you can get out of the girl . we will rendezvous later . felicity follow fat bastard out the door . Austin make he way over to the girl . austin hello , hello . girl hello , Mr. power . fab party . austin who be you today , baby ? girl Robin . Robin swallow . austin swallow ? that 's a interesting name . be you English ? robin swallows german , actually . my maiden name be spitz . austin well which be it , baby , spitz or swallow ? either way , it 's a pleasure . robin swallows the pleasure be mine . she extend she hand . Austin take it and shake . as he shake , she cleavage undulate like jello . Austin be transfix and keep shaking far too long . austin charme , I be sure . ( still shaking , she breast jiggle ) how do you do ? ( still shaking , jiggling ) yes , quite . ( shake , jiggle ) I always enjoy meeting new people . ( shake , jiggle ) how 's you mum ? good. ( shake , jiggle ) I love shaking hand . Austin . be shaking she hand so vigorously that she be in danger of pop out of she dress . austin ( snap out of it ) so , who be you friend ? robin swallows his name be fat bastard . austin it suit he . robin swallows he 's my lover . Austin be gross out . austin ok . would you happen to know if he 's in business with a man name Mr. evil ? robin swallows I do not know anyone name Dr. evil . austin really ? I say mister evil . Austin do a smug take . austin something to drink ? would you like a mister pepper ? robin swallows yes , I would love a Doctor pepper . austin really ? I say mister pepper . Austin do another smug take . Robin grab Austin and pull he close . robin swallows you be a groovy boy , I would like to strap you on sometime . austin oh , behave ! CUT to : alan zeus - type guy in limbo alan zeus type meanwhile ... back to : ext . fish and chip stand - night literally a window in a wall . fat bastard be place he order . fat bastard ... and I will have a fry - prawn sandwich , with extra mayonnaise , two whole chicken , a kidney pie , a toad in the hole , bubble and squeak , banger and mash , 3 order of fish and chip , and ... a fresca . no ice . we pan to see felicity beside he . felicity I love a man with a large appetite . fat bastard and I love a woman with big ( bleep ) , so let 's shut up and get to ( bleep ) ing . felicity swallow hard and force a smile . int . austin be pad - night austin can I ask you a question ? robin swallows yes . austin thank you . beat . robin swallows well , what 's the question ? austin oh , yes . would you like to shag ? would you ? robin swallows I would love to , Mr. power , just come right ... over ... here . Robin move Austin into place as they dance . austin you be a bit of alright . just then , Austin look into she eye and see the reflection of a assassin ( oedipus ) about to throw a knife . just as he throw it , Austin spin Robin swallow around and use her as a shield . she take the knife squarely in the back . robin swallows ( strain ) oedipus ... use the revolver . oedipus pull out a pistol and begin firing . Austin continue to use Robin as a shield . she take six hit . oedipus run out of bullet . robin swallows ( strain ) oedipus ... use the machine gun . oedipus pull out a machine gun and fire . in a Robert rodriquez - like flurry of event , Austin dodge while still using her as a shield . oedipus throw down he gun and charge Austin . Austin use Robin 's body to block oedipus 's head butt , but he momentum push all three of they through a plate glass window of he second story loft . in mid - AIR as they fall , Austin turn Robin around so that she be between he and the ground . ext . outside austinis flat they land with a thud . Robin cushion Austin 's fall . oedipus be dead on the pavement . robin swallows oedipus , oedipus ... austin sorry baby , too late . he 's as dead as vaudeville . robin swallows you can not win , power . Dr. evil have you mojo and it 's only a matter of time before he kill you and take over the world . ( weak ) tell fat bastard I will miss he ... CUT to : int . bedroom - night felicity be in bed , naked under the sheet , smoking a cigarette . we hear strange sound offstage . we pan over to reveal she 's in bed with a naked fat bastard ! he be eat a huge turkey leg , he face cover in food . fat bastard I always get ( bleep ) in ' hungry after I get my end away ! felicity I never would have think that a man of such tremendous girth could be such a , um , creative and sensuous lover ! fat bastard you want some chicken ? I have more ! he roll over to reveal he huge naked ass . felicity take a home device out of she purse , look around for a place to plant it . she see he enormous butt cleavage and realize that there 's only one place for the thing to go . angle on fat bastard be face . he be delighted . fat bastard frisky be we ? alright let have another go ! she be horrify . int . dr . evil' volcano lair - MAIN room Dr. evil at he table with frau , Scott , and number two . dr . evil get I the President of the United States . the president appear on Dr. evil 's video screen with he advisor behind he . int . oval office ( split screen ) president Dr. evil , what do you want ? dr . evil not what I want Mr. President , but I will receive . in 12 hour I will destroy Washington , DC with a giant laser . Dr. evil reveal a giant laser . mini- I be humping it like a dog . dr . evil ok , mini- I , why do not you and the laser get a frickin ' room . honestly . ( to President ) I will destroy another major city every hour - that be , unless you pay I - SNAP zoom dr . evil one hundred billion dollar ! the President and he advisor laugh . president Dr. evil that 's more than the entire federal budget for 1969 . dr . evil do not play game with I . the capitol will disappear if I do not receive SNAP zoom dr . evil one hundred billion dollar ! his advisor laugh . president that much money simply do not exist . I do not think l00 billion be even a number . it 's like say I want a kajillion bajillion dollar . his advisor laugh . dr . evil come on , Mr. President ... SNAP zoom : dr . evil " show I the money ! " Dr. evil look around smugly . no one laugh . president what ? SNAP zoom : dr . evil " show I the money ! " he look around again , expectantly . president I be sorry , I do not understand . dr . evil you know , kwan ? show I the money ? no? nothing ? scott it 's 1969 . that movie will not come out for another 30 year , ass . they do not know what you be talk about . dr . evil right . ok , see if you understand this : give I the money or I be go to blow you to frickin ' bit , ok ? the President and he advisor murmur . president but - DR. evil ( make ' stop ' gesture ) talk to the hand ! Dr. evil sign off . dr . evil ( to Scott ) I do love that , though . Cuba good Jr. be outstanding . oscar speech , very touch . Scott look at he with disgust . dr.evil okay , everybody clear the room ! everyone leave and he walk over to a panel bear he logo . he press a button , the panel open up to reveal ... a secret shrine to austin power ! in it we see a huge full - length photo of Austin power , and various magazine cover . he press a button and a Austin wig descend from the ceiling landing perfectly on he bald head . a backless mockup of Austin 's suit rise from the floor . he put on a pair of glass . he have become Austin power . Dr. evil cautiously taste the mojo . dr . evil yeah , baby . very shagedelic . ( beat ) this be not work . I do not feel anything . we push in towards Dr. evil 's head . flash CUT to : dr . evil animated sequence a yellow submarine - like depiction of Dr. evil . Zoom in on he head which explode into 30 other small Dr. evil head which rain on a Peter max-ian valley of flower . the flower sprout the word " evil ' . a psychedelic fly Austin head with spiral in the glass smashes the flower , change the word from " evil " to " vile " and to " live " and then to " love " . turn-of- the-century fat cat capitalist on stilt with tooth come out of they stomach drop penis rocket that have the word " greed " write on the shaft , smash the " love " flower into " irelo " which sprout into " yellow " which turn into submarine , which become yellow penise of huge , goose - step Dr. evil , each of they pee , create a rain of urine that fall on the Peter max-ian valley of a hundred Austin power citizen . they each open a umbrella that say " love triumph over lust " . the urine turn into a stream that flow into the mouth of a huge head of Dr. evil . flash CUT back to : int . dr . evil' volcano lair - austin shrine pull back from Dr. evil 's head . he look daze and confuse . just then , number two re-enter the room , catch Dr. evil with all he Austin paraphernalia . number two Dr. evil , one last thing . I - - oh . dr . evil I be just ... right . would it kill you to frickin ' knock ? ext . / int . carnaby STREET - day Austin and felicity walk along the street . felicity Austin , tell I about the nineties . austin you know I can not tell you detail about the future , baby , it could alter history . felicity not detail , just what it 's like . you know , what 's the scene ? where 's it at ? austin there have be a lot of advance in the nineties , baby . the economy be stable , people take better care of they health concern for the environment be on the rise and , um , let 's see , there 's a entire television channel dedicated to golf . felicity sound awful . austin it 's not so bad once you get use to it . the nineties be about responsibility . you know , have respect for yourself and other people . I even get marry . felicity you ? married ? what about the sexual revolution ? austin well , it turn out there be some casualty , baby . do not you think you will ever get marry ? felicity no , not until I get a little more ' experience ' under my belt . austin oh , behave ! suddenly Austin notice something outside and put he hand to he mouth in fear . austin ( wide - eye ) oh my God ! felicity be immediately on she guard . she pull she gun . felicity ( look around ) what be it ! be it fat bastard ? austin no , write here on my hand , see ? Austin turn he hand around to show she . he have write 'oh my God ' on he hand with the pen . austin say ' oh my God ! ' they laugh . felicity Austin , look . Austin and felicity duck into a camera shop and come out a instant later with super -8 cameras . they run down the street filming each other . austin and felicity - super-8 montage this be a Richard lester-like sequence shot on grainy film from Austin and felicity 's pove . there 's lot of speed up stuff and popping in and out of frame like the monkee tv show . back on the STREET austin felicity , I have not have this much fun since I work undercover in Amsterdam - - ' 66 I think it be . felicity 1965 , actually . you pose as a dutch cheese expert to stop Dr. evil from poisoning the world 's water supply . Austin be impressed . felicity I have study you file , Austin . I want to be a trailblazer , just like you . the seventy be right around the corner . it 's go to be a glorious time for fashion and music and technology -- it will not be long before every fly car have its own 8 - track . Austin start to say something , then bite he tongue . felicity the CIA have always be a boy 's club until now . well move over , this chick 's take over . austin ( hoarse ) very impressive . felicity Austin , you voice ! austin yes , I think I be come down with something . Austin and felicity stop at a ice cream man with he pushcart . austin I will get some ice cream . would you like some ? felicity no thanks . austin ( hoarse , to ice cream man ) could I have two scoops of vanilla , please ? ice cream man right away , governor . would you like chocolate syrup ? austin ( hoarse ) yes , please . ice cream man will you have any whipped cream ? austin ( hoarse ) I will , thank you . ice cr@ man candy sprinkle ? austin ( hoarse ) yes please . ice cream man crushed nut ? austin no , laryngitis . ice cream man here 's you change , sir . oh , and Austin -- we cut back to the ice cream man to see he pull off a very fake beard . it be basil ( though it be clearly another actor before ) . austin ( now with phlegmy throat ) basil ! basil exposition hello , Austin . what 's wrong with you voice ? austin ( still phlegmy throat ) I just have ice cream . listen to I , I have dairy throat . " Mary have a little lamb and it be always gruntin' . she tie it to a five bar gate and kick it 's little - basil exposition ( interrupt ) Austin ! thing be heating up , so I think it best to contact you in disguise . felicity , you plan work . you and Austin track fat bastard back to Dr. evil . austin but how can we track fat bastard ? felicity I plant a home device on he last night . basil exposition yes , and we be start to pick up the signal now . basil hand felicity a tracking device that beeps . austin how do you get close enough to plant a home device ? felicity I shag he , I shag he rotten . Austin and basil be confuse and gross out at the same time . austin you ... he ? just like that ? felicity yes , Austin , we need that information . basil exposition well , thanks to you effort , felicity , we now know that - austin ( interrupt , to felicity ) do you use a elaborate set of pulley ? a block and tackle ? basil exposition anyway , you two follow the signal back to Dr. evil 's headquarters and then - austin ( interrupt , to felicity ) I just can not get my head around it , baby . you be so small and he 's so ... not small . the sheer mechanic of it be mindboggle ! basil exposition never mind , Austin , you two have work to do . you must find Dr. evil . int . beetle we hear the beep - beep of the tracking screen build into the dash . austin I get it ! a chinese basket with a counter - weight ballast . that 's how you do it , right ? felicity Austin , it almost sound like you be jealous . austin who , I ? that 's not possible , baby ! ( beat , to himself ) be it ? just then a-car pull beside they . two Dr. evil private Army guy pull machine gun and start shoot . austin get down ! felicity duck . Austin reach back and pull robin swallows from the back seat and use her as a shield . felicity we be obviously on the right track . ( be : tracking screen ) it look like fat bastard be - on a island in the middle of the ocean . ext . dr . evil' islandnight we hear the beep - beep of the tracking screen . ext . beach - dr . evil be island - night the beetle come from under the water and land on the beach . we still hear the beep - beep . ext . tent - wood - night Austin and felicity have set up a tent with a view of the Dr. evil mt. rushmore face . Austin be look at the mountain through a pair of binocular which hang around he neck . austin accord to the reading , Dr. evil 's headquarters be over the next ridge . felicity can I have a look ? austin sure . Austin hand she the binocular . unfortunately the strap be still around he neck , pull he face into she cleavage . felicity question be , how do we get in ? austin ( muffle ) mmmmmmm ...mmmmm ... felicity Austin , do you hear I ? austin I seem to be stick in you dirty pillow . felicity where be the topographical map that basil draw up ? austin I think they be in the tent . he and felicity enter the tent . a light be on inside casting shadow of Austin and felicity on the side of the tent . from the outside it appear the shadow Austin be lean over with he back to - the shadow felicity , who appear to have she hand up he butt . austin ( v.o. ) have you get it out yet ? felicity ( v.o. ) good Lord , Austin , what sort of thing do you put in there ? the shadow felicity appear to be tug a string of sausage link from he ass . austin ( v.o. ) oh , anything that catch my fancy . felicity ( v.o. ) how do you manage to fit it all in ? austin ( v.o. ) oh , it stretch to fit . the shadow felicity appear to pull a tennis racket out of Austin 's ass . austin ( v.o. ) be you almost do ? I can not hold it much longer . int . tent we see that Austin be lean over hold part of the tent . felicity be rummage through a duffel bag across the tent . felicity here we go , one hammer . it 's amazing how much this duffel bag will hold . int . dr . evil' volcano lair we see Dr. evil play a piano . we pan to see mini- I on top of the piano , himself play a miniature baby grand . DR. evil ( sing ) ' what if GOD be one of US ? just a slob like one of US ? ' we see that number two and frau be the audience . they applaud . number two Dr. evil , that be fantastic , but I do have some bad news . power ' be on the island . dr . evil how tedious . number two do not worry , Dr. evil , we can get to he by use the girl . dr . evil really ? number two I have the perfect weapon . frau ? frau ( shouting ) bring in the he-bots ! music : it 's rainina Men by the weathergirls Three he - bot enter in unison . they be robotic stud in Logan 's run type outfit . number two Dr. evil , may I present the he-bots . what kind of woman could resist this perfect specimen of masculinity ? they clothes be stylish , they posture be ramrod straight , and they buttock be tight , like tiger . and , each he - bot be armed with a secret weapon . angle on the first he - bot . a nozzle flip up from he codpiece and white smoke pour out . number two ( o.s. ) poison gas ... angle on the second he - bot . a gun barrel flip out form he crotch and fire machine - gun style . number two ( o.s. ) Machine gun ... angle on the third he - bot . a nozzle flip up from he crotch and yellow liquid drizzle out onto the floor , where it smoke . number two ( o.s. ) and deadly acid . Dr. evil be disgust by the last one . dr . evil right . I object to the last one on aesthetic grounds , but I do not care how you get power , just bring he to I . ( to mini- I ) ready mini-me ? a one and a two and ... ( sing ) I , and my sha -dow strolling down the a-va - ( rapidly ) wasn 't a STREET , wasn 't a road wasn't a boulevard ( dance in step ) I , and my sha - ow all alone and fee - ling ... mini - I ( voice unnaturally low ) blue ! ext . tent we see the shadow again . it now look like felicity be put thing into Austin 's ass . felicity ( v.o. ) do you want everything to go back in ? austin ( v.o. ) yes. listen , felicity , about fat bastard - felicity ( v.o. ) it 's my job , Austin . you of all people should understand that . marakesh , 1962 . Rome , 1964 . Tokyo , 1966 . I know you record backwards and forward . you have have more sex on the job than a swedish stewardess . the shadow felicity try to cram the tennis racket into what appear to be Austin 's ass . austin ( v.o. ) you be right , felicity , I can not deny it . but the world change , and I change too . pull back to reveal that the he - bot be watch . felicity shove the tennis racket extra hard . Austin stand up rapidly . austin ( v.o. ) ow ! ( beat ) my back hurt . felicity ( v.o. ) be you ok ? austin ( v.o. ) I be fine , just keep pack . the he - bot shrug they shoulder and march towards the tent . int . dr . evil' volcano lair - 60's Dr. evil , fat bastard , Scott , number two and frau be seat . fat bastard Christ almighty , it smell terrible in here . dr . evil it 's the volcanic sulphurous emission . we have put up some air freshener . fat bastard great , now it smell like someone take a shite in a pine tree . number two Dr. evil , the laser have be load into the rocket . you be ready for launch . dr . evil I be just wait to taunt my nemesis . I have so few pleasure , you know . Austin and felicity be bring in at gunpoint by private Army Men . dr . evil ah , Mr. power , Ms. shagwell , welcome to my hollow - out volcano . austin we meet again , Dr. evil . dr . evil yes , the only reason I be keep you alive be so you can feel the agony of watch my plan unfold . austin Dr. evil you plan will never -- Austin trail off as he spot he mojo in the beaker behind Dr. evil . dr . evil oh , be that yours ? austin my mojo ! dr . evil you know what they say : finder keeper , loser weeper . felicity Dr. evil , do you like real estate ? dr . evil of course . why ? felicity kick Dr. evil in the ball . felicity now you have get a couple of acher . dr . evil oww ! my stomach hurt ! austin ( wince ) I do not care if he be evil , you do not give a man a shot in the pill . it 's just not cricket , baby . dr . evil take they away . the guard lead Austin and felicity away . scott she just hoof you in the sack and you be go to leave they alone in a jail cell with one inept guard ? they will escape , dipshit . you do this every time ! dr . evil you be go the right way for a smack bottom , young man . scott you do not own I ! dr . evil I do actually . ( pull out paper ) it 's complicated . usually it 's illegal but this buddy of mine ... but I digress . fat bastard , I be leave you in charge . I be go up the moon to hold the world ransom with my giant laser , I should not be long . fat bastard what about power ? dr . evil he 's tuck away safely in he cell . he 's harmless without that mojo . Guard it with you life . ( to number two ) number two , begin the countdown . the area around Dr. evil 's command chair , include the time portal behind it , be enclose by a circular door , become part of the rocket . steam begin billow , etc . number two five , four , three ... ext . volcano island ( cheap blue screen ) number two ( v.o. ) two , one , liftoff ! the rocket lift off from the volcano into the night sky . ext . night sky ( cheap blue screen ) the rocket in flight . full screen - norad tracking screen the rocket enter the screen . it have the silhouette of a fly penis . int . tracking room operator Colonel , you better have a look at this radar . colonel what be it , son ? operator I do not know , sir , but it look like a giant -- CUT to : int . cockpit - jet pilot Dick ! CO - pilot yes ? pilot take a look out of starboard . CO - pilot oh my God , it look like a huge -- ext . wood man pecker ! woman where ? he raise he binocular . man over there . a rare red-billed woodpecker ! ( look over with binocular ) what sort of bird be that ? oh goodness , it 's not a bird , it 's - CUT to : ext . army base sergeant private ! we have report of a unidentified Flying object . it have a long , smooth shaft , complete with - ext . baseball diamond umpire two ball ! no strike . ( look up ) what be that ? it look just like a enormous -- CUT back to : int . radar room colonel Johnson ! radar operator yes , sir ? colonel get on the horn to british Intelligence and let they know about this . int . jail cell Austin and felicity be in a bare cell with cement wall . the huge metal door have a window with bar in it . felicity how be we go to get out of here ? austin why do not you just shag fat bastard again ? felicity ( explode ) Austin , that be it ! I do not know what happen to you in the nineties , but I be still here , in the sixty , and I still swing ! do not try to lay you hang - up on I just because you lose you mojo ! that one hurt . austin ouch , baby , very ouch . I be wounded . felicity I be sorry , Austin , that be a cheap shot . austin no , baby , you be right . I be wrong to judge you . I guess I be ... jealous . felicity but the Austin power I know be wild and crazy and free . he could never be jealous . austin that Austin be go . I have change . I know someone , not long ago , a very special woman . she teach I that life be not about jump into the sack with whoever come along , it 's about caring and responsibility . and while it be true she turn out to be a evil robot minion of Dr. evil , I suppose I really do ... love she . felicity be that you wife ? austin yes , vanessa . felicity be touch . felicity listen , Austin , I can not pretend to understand everything you have go through , but I trust you . I will make you a deal : if we get out of here alive , I will give monogamy a try . austin with I ? felicity yes , silly . austin groovy , baby ! they kiss . felicity we need to lure the guard inside and get he key . austin alright , what if I pretend to be desperately ill with food poisoning ? the guard , draw by my cry of pain , will come to investigate . meanwhile , you dig a pit and line it with makeshift punji stick make from sharpen toothbrush . the guard fall in , Bob 's you uncle , and we have get the key . what do you think ? felicity that might work , but how about this ? felicity charge towards the window in the door , rip open she blouse as she go , show she breast to the guard . we , however , can not see they . felicity ( give a wolf whistle ) what do you think of this , my man ? int . hallway outside cell the guard be mesmerize by felicity . guard mommy ... he unlock the door and enter . int . jail cell the guard enter a apparently empty cell . we see that Austin be wedge spread - eagle above the door , ready to pounce . felicity ( seductive , to guard ) it 's very hot in here , do not you think ? the guard follow she into the cell . felicity ( irritate ) it 's very hot in here , do not you think ? the guard advance on she . felicity ( break cover ) Austin ! austin ( from above ) I be very firmly wedge . felicity if you want something do ... she punch the guard right in the face and he collapse . austin almost ... get it ! Austin fall flat on he face with a thump and pop back up . austin let 's go get my mojo ! int . dr . evil be moon base it be a stark , steel girder and glass structure . Dr. evil be try to look dignify but he be floating away . he grab at the railing of he chair as he foot float up . dr . evil have anyone see my gravity booty ? honestly , all I want be a frickin ' moon base . hello , we be on the moon , no gravity ? ( call out ) mini-me ? be you alright ? angle on the top of the room . mini- I be stick to the top of the ceiling along with a lot of debris . dr . evil my frickin ' mascot be stick to the ceiling , ok ? not good . papa not happy . a couple of henchmen place boot on Dr. evil . he drop to the floor . dr . evil ( look up ) somebody get the stick . hold on , mini-me. ( into microphone ) begin laser - he 's interrupt by terrible feedback . Dr. evil tap and blow on the mic . DR. evil ( into microphone ) . begin - worse feedback . he hold it farther away . DR. evil ( into mic ) begin laser ignition sequence . the laser 's coil begin to glow red . dr . evil lunar alignment in 6 hour . full frame - lunar tracking model a norad - type screen show the current position of the moon and where it need to be before the laser can fire . int . dr . evil' volcano lair - MAIN room Austin and felicity run into the Main room . it be strangely dark and quiet . felicity where 's you mojo , Austin ? austin I be not sure . music : it 's raining Men by the weathergirls suddenly , the light dim . the three he - bot descend from the ceiling on trapeze and acrobatic ring , they muscle rippling . austin watch out , baby , he -bot ! the he - bot flip off they trapeze and land in unison , like a perfect Olympic dismount . they crotch nozzle flip up one by one . austin I can not fight they without my mojo . felicity who say anything about fight ? music : seductive music felicity do a very seductive dance , with hip thrust and bump and grind . the he- bot explode , succumb to she mojo . austin smash , felicity , you be make I very horny , man ! extremely randy , indeed ! fat bastard ( o.s. ) c'mon , give the lad a show . take of you top . put them on the glass ! make them bounce . let 's have a look at you tit . Austin and felicity turn to see fat bastard lurking in the background . austin fat bastard ! fat bastard look for this , Mr. power ? fat bastard , hold the beaker and be flanke by a dozen private army man . austin give I back my mojo , fat bastard ! fat bastard I give the order , ( bleep ) for brain . Guards , take they back to they cell . Guards approach . felicity hold on , let I ask you one question . fat bastard alright , I guess I owe you that much for a night of carnal ecstasy . Austin be gross out . felicity be you happy ? fat bastard what kind of stupid ass question be that ? I be ( bleep ) in ' rich and I be up to my tit in clean stinky . felicity you do not answer my question , be you happy ? fat bastard it 's about my girth be not it ? sure I could lose a few pound , but I could shiva git ! felicity be you happy ? fat bastard of course I be not happy . look at I , I be a big fat slob . I have get bigger titty than you do ! I have get more ( bleep ) in ' chin than a chinese phone book . I have get more crack cheese than a ( bleep ) in ' dairy . I have nay see mar willie in two year . that 's enough time to declare it legally deed ! I can not stop eat . I eat because I be unhappy and I be unhappy because I eat . ( start to cry ) I be catch in a cycle and there 's no escape ! austin maybe inside that fat bastard there 's a thin bastard , try to get out fat bastard maybe there 's big crap inside I try to get out , jack - ass ! enough of you ( bleep ) in ' new age aphorism . listen , I have run the gamut of self - help book . " food be not love " , right , but how do you get it from the page to the ( bleep ) in ' fork ? I be so weak , I hate myself . I be for shite . here , take the mojo . fat bastard hand over the mojo . fat bastard I appreciate you try to reach I , no one can do it for I , I know this now . there 's a hole in my soul that food will not fill . this be the beginning of a new I . I be gonna go to the gym everyday . if you will excuse I , there 's someone I have to get in touch with and forgive ... myself . ( pause ) sorry . I farted . ( pause ) it 's a long road ahead . ext . beach - dr . evil be island - day Austin and felicity run up to the beetle . austin hold on , I have something very important to do . Austin drink the mojo . felicity how do you feel ? austin sound as a pound , my spud be boil . Fancy a shag ? felicity Austin , we do not have time . austin c'mon , love , let 's hop on the good foot and do the bad thing ! felicity Dr. evil 's take he laser to the moon . the world be in danger . austin right , the moon . I think I know someone who can give we a lift . ext . cape canaveral - apollo rocket ( stock footage ) the Apollo ready for lift-off . newscaster ( v.o. ) there 's be some sort of delay in the launch of Apollo 11 , walter , but we understand that America 's first manned mission to the moon will be blast off shortly . int . capsule Pan across Austin in a spacesuit , then felicity in she spacesuit , then cameo astronaut in he space suit . they be surround by hundred of gauge , button and meter . austin gor blimey , you would have to be a rocket scientist to figure this stuff out . astronaut I be a rocket scientist . a technician close the hatch and the countdown begin . mission commander ( v.o. ) we will have lift -off in T minus 10 second ... 9 ... 8... etc . austin felicity , if you get frighten , just hold my hand . ext . cape canaveral ( stock footage ) the rocket lift off . mission commander ( v.o. ) we have lift-off ! Apollo 11 have clear the tower and be head for a rendezvous with the moon . int . apollo capsule the G-forces during lift - off be incredible . Austin 's face be pull into a contort mask which bare he tooth . his hair stick straight up and he glass be twisted . Austin be terrify . he clutches felicity 's hand , then grab on to the astronaut beside he . felicity , however , love it . felicity ( yell ) yaaaaa-hoooo ! ext . space - apollo rocket ( stock footage ) the stage separate . int . NASA control room basil sit at the console with NASA technician . basil exposition Austin , you have achieve lunar orbit . how be that lift-off ? int . capsule - apollo rocket ( intercut ) austin to be honest it be terrifying . it feel like sit on top of a bomb . as I punch through the atmosphere , I say ' oh my God ! ' and I soile myself . basil exposition happens all the time in that situation . austin no , I mean I soile myself just now when I say oh 'my God ! ' felicity basil , it be amazing ! basil exposition prepare for moon landing . we only have one hour until Dr. evil fire the laser ! ext . moon landing ( stock footage ) the lunar module settles on the moon . austin ( v.o. ) Mission control , the swinger have land . ext . lunar module - surface of the moon Austin and felicity step out in they spacesuit . austin this be one small step for man , but a giant step for shagging . can you imagine it , baby , weightless ? the permutation be mind -boggle . felicity naughty boy ! Austin plant a union jack on the moon . austin God save the Queen . int . NASA control room the mission commander shake he head . mission commander the Queen ? this be a american show , goddammit . let 's roll that footage we shot last week in the studio . int . 1960' american home ( stock footage ) a family gather around the tv , watch Neil armstrong 's ' real ' moon landing . int . dr . evil be moon base Dr. evil walk all the way around a tubular hallway -- up the wall , across the ceiling upside down , and back again , settling into he chair . it be like that shot in 2001 space odyssey . dr . evil position the laser . the laser shift into place . a alarm go off and light flash . announcer ( v.o. ) warning , laser calibration ! dr . evil get I the President . the screen flicker on : dr . evil Mr. President , you time be up . this be you last chance to pay 100 billion dollar or see Washington DC destroy . announcer ( v.o. ) warning , laser calibration ! the alarm continue to blare . int . oval office ( split screen ) the President at he desk . president what ? I can not hear you . dr . evil pay I 100 billion dollar or see Washington DC destroy ! the alarm blare . president I be sorry , I just can not hear you . DR. evil ( louder ) how about now ? president better . dr . evil the Capital will be destroy - the alarm blare . president sorry ! I just can not - I think it 's that alarm . dr . evil could someone shut off that frickin ' alarm ? I be try to hold the free world hostage here . honestly . ( shouting ) will destroy WASHINGTON DC unless you pay I - the alarm shut off but Dr. evil be still shouting . dr . evil ( shouting ) 100 billion dollar ! his yell startles even himself . president please Dr. evil , be reasonable . that 's more money than be in the entire Federal treasury ! dr . evil oh well , I guess you have one minute to - " show I the money " ! president I still do not know what that mean . I can not show you the money because we do not have the money . dr . evil then I suppose you be up shit 's crick without a paddle . int . NASA control room a white room with a bank of old - fashioned computer and a tracking screen . basil , several general , and other vip look anxiously over the shoulder of the mission control specialist . basil exposition gentlemen , Austin have land on the moon . we will soon know whether he have succeed or whether the world will be destroy ! int . dr . evil be moon base - hallway Austin and felicity enter through a hatch and step out of they spacesuit . felicity let 's find Dr. evil . suddenly , Austin notice something . austin shhh ... he point . we see a profile through a sheet of frost glass . it be Dr. evil 's distinctive profile , with a machine gun . Austin take careful aim and fire . we see the shadow take the hit , and fall . felicity Austin , you have do it ! you get Dr. evil ! austin of course I do , baby , I get my mojo work overtime . felicity Austin , I be go ahead . cover my rear ! austin oh , behave ! felicity run ahead . Austin run over to where the shadow come from . he see that it be not Dr. evil , but mini - I , carry a little gun . Austin be ashamed . austin poor little bugger . he 's so small , he 's like a dog or something . Austin choke back a tear . austin poor little bugger . ( realize ) felicity , be careful ! Dr. evil be still alive ! felicity ? Austin run after she . int . dr . evil be moon base - MAIN room Austin round the corner and come upon Dr. evil . austin ( hold he gun on Dr. evil ) alright , slap -head , turn around . slowly . dr . evil be not you forget something ? a wall panel in the main chamber revolve , revealing felicity , enclose in a glass tube . austin felicity ! ( to Dr. evil ) what have you do to she ? dr . evil do not worry , she 's not dead ... yet . brightly color gas start to fill the glass chamber . felicity ( muffle through glass ) do not worry about I Austin . you have get to save the world ! dr . evil it look like you have a choice , power : save the world , or save you girlfriend . Austin be tear . he look back and forth between felicity and the laser which be on the other side of the room . austin I have get my mojo back , man , I can do both . dr . evil we will see . Fire the laser ! the woman man the laser 's joystick begin to move it . Austin leap across the room and reach she just in time . austin hand off my joystick , baby . he wrestle with she a moment and then knock it askew . ext . space the laser beam hit the Big Boy rocket in the crotch and Big Boy 's eye cross in pain . int . dr . evil be moon base - MAIN room dr . evil damn you , power ! Dr. evil hit a self-destruct button . a alarm blare . announcer ( v.o. ) warning ! self -destruct sequence initiate ! the base be rock by explosion . austin see , Dr. evil I tell you I could do both . dr . evil perhaps you speak too soon . Austin look over . felicity have slump over in the tube . austin noooooo ! Austin bang on the glass with he fist . austin felicity ! felicity . wake up ! wake up ! please God , do not take she away . it be too late . Dr. evil run through the time portal and get away . austin felicity , you have to understand , I think I have my mojo back . this be not fair . Austin look up to the heaven . we see a quick -- flashback - montage of moment they share , Austin make she laugh , they first kiss , of felicity be she beautiful and free-spirite self . a tear run down he cheek . Austin press he face against the glass as if try to reach she . austin I love you , felicity ! I know I could not say it before , but I really do love you ! ( enraged ) Dr. evil , I will kill he ! Austin start to chase he , but three private army men block he path . Austin be like a animal . he charge toward the first soldier , rip he heart out , and take a bite out of it . then Austin turn to the second soldier and rip he spine out like in mortal kombat . the soldier slump to the ground . the last soldier be terrify . Austin swing both fist simultaneously , crush the guy 's head which explode like a pumpkin . Austin run over to the time portal set for " 75 BC " . he run through . CUT to : int . roman villa - 75 BC a orgy be take place . Dr. evil be in a toga with a laurel with two young roman men feed he grape . dr . evil you make love to you wife out of duty , you mistress for pleasure , and a Roman boy for ecstasy . ( notice Austin ) shit . he run away as Austin appear through the time portal . Austin follow Dr. evil into another time portal mark " 1975 " . ext . ventura boulevard - Austin emerge from the time portal to see Dr. evil get into a car . Austin wave he hand and a 1974 red ford torino with a white stripe pull over . austin I have to commandeer this vehicle . ( notice ) hey , be not you hutch ? voice ( o.s. ) no . we see paul michael glaser ( starsky ) . paul michael glaser I be starsky . david soul I be hutch . Austin jump in and the torino speed off . Dr. evil 's car disappear into a car wash which be a time portal . the torino follow . a sign at the car wash read : " 1911 " CUT to : ext . deck of the titanic - passenger in period garb walk past a lifesaver with " Titanic " stencile above it . Dr. evil enter through a portal with Austin hot on he heel . captain ( o.s. ) iceberg , dead ahead ! suddenly the ship tilt at a radical angle . LEONARDO dicaprio , kate winslet , and jame cameron slide by . jame cameron I be king of the world ! Dr. evil and Austin slide backwards into the time portal they just come from . CUT to : ext . london STREET - day - Dr. evil run into the street with Austin chase he . in slo - mo Austin dive for a ridiculously long time , and tackle Dr. evil , pin he . austin I be go to kill you , you bastard ! dr . evil ( breathe heavily ) before you do that , know this : Austin , I be ... you ... father . music : dramatic sting austin really ? dr . evil no . I can not back that up . I be just grasp at straw . I have nothing . but be not it interesting , Mr. power , you really have become a product of the nineties . austin how so ? dr . evil you be more interested in you job as glorify policeman than you be in love . you win the battle , but I win the war . Love mean nothing , you have prove it . austin I do not think that felicity be go to die , man . dr . evil what a cowardly response . I be disappointed really . you have the power to go back in time and save she , but it mean let I go . Austin look over and see a time portal . through it he can glimpse the lair , and felicity . dr . evil well , Mr. power , which be it go to be ? I or the girl ? austin felicity ! Austin run through . CUT to : int . dr . evil be moon base - 60's we see the scene from a moment ago . felicity be in the glass tube and the brightly colored gas be start to fill it . dr . evil it look like you have a choice : save the world , or save you girlfriend . austin I choose love , baby . Austin run over to the glass tube and smashes he fist through it . the glass shatter and Austin pull felicity out . she gasp for air . austin felicity , I love you . felicity ( breathless ) but I think - austin that be another place and another time , baby . Austin kiss she for a long time . she start to twitch . she struggle . she hit he in the head and he finally stop kissing she . felicity ( gasp ) can not . breathe . austin sorry , baby , I get a little over - stimulate . dr . evil Fire the laser ! austin what do we do ? felicity use you mojo ! austin I do not have it ! felicity trust I , you do ! Austin turn and give a ' who I ? ' look over he bottom . the woman arming the laser stumble backwards into the directional control just as it fire . ext . space the Big Boy rocket spin to avoid the laser as it pass harmlessly by . int . NASA control room jubilation . basil exposition he do it , he save the world ! ( calming down ) of course , I think he might . int . dr , evilis moon base - MAIN room felicity Austin , you do it ! they embrace . austin uh-oh. ( beat ) I think I just get my mojo back . really . felicity Austin , you have it all along . no one can take you , mojo away from you ! dr . evil good-bye , Mr. power , for the last time . Dr. evil hit the self-destruct button and climb aboard the rocket , which blast off . ext . space ( cheap blue screen effect ) Dr. evil 's escape rocket in flight . full screen - radar Dr. evil 's rocket enter the screen . it have the silhouette of a fly penis . int . radar room radar operator Sir , you better have a look at this radar . colonel what be it ? radar operator do not know , sir . it 's hard to describe . it 's ... it 's - CUT to : int . doctor' office doctor just a little prick ! the kid cry . doctor all do ! ( out the window ) good lord , what be that ? if I do not know better I would say it 's a - CUT to : int . chinese communist classroom chinese teacher wang ! one of the student , dress in a green mao suit and clutching a red book be catch look out the window . chinese teacher pay attention ! chinese student I be sorry , comrade teacher . ( point out window ) be distract by that enormous fly - ext . beach rachel hunter Rod ? rod stewart yes , Rachel ? rachel hunter ( point to sky ) what 's that ? rod stewart ( look up ) it look like a giant - CUT to : int . classroom old lady teacher penis ! ( point to she chart ) the male reproductive organ . also know as tallywhacker , wanker , schlong , or -- CUT to : int . NASA control basil exposition Peters ! captain peter yes , sir ? basil exposition any word from Austin ? captain peter we have pick up he signal , but the lunar base seem to self - destruct . basil exposition ( on microphone ) Austin , if you can hear I , use the time portal ! there 's no time to get to the lunar module ! use the time portal ! int . dr . evil be moon base Austin stumble . felicity look at he . felicity Austin , you have to get to the time portal ! austin come with I , felicity ! it 's the only way out ! felicity Austin , will I fit in the nineties ? austin if I do , anyone can . let 's go , baby ! the time portal be fifty foot away . Austin and felicity run towards it . in the foreground , be a stack of conveniently place barrel . as they run behind the barrel , a obvious austin stunt double and a obvious felicity stunt double emerge in they place . the stunt double grab a winch hang above they and cross over to the time portal in a dramatic series of acrobatic flip and stunt . the stunt double run behind another conveniently place pile of barrel . Austin and felicity emerge in they place and run through the time portal . the time portal read " 1999 " . fade to black : int . austin be pad - 1999 - day it be the most up - to- date modern apartment you have ever see in you life . there be a large screen tv , a dvd player etc . mover move in tasteful modern furniture and various other accouterment of move . felicity put a CD on a old style turntable . sfx : screeeech !! felicity sorry ! austin do not worry baby it take some get use to . let I ask you felicity , do you feel any side effect from the time travel ? felicity smile broadly , revealing that she now have terrible teeth like austin' . felicity I be as healthy as a horse . austin I love you , felicity . felicity and I love you . austin do you want to get marry ? felicity absolutely not . austin thank God . they kiss . fade to black . the end