autumn in new york screenplay by allison burnett shoot draft 2000 fade in : ext . central park -- september afternoon a couple move down a walkway , deep in subdued conversation . all around they tree explode with autumn color . bird sing . they path be dapple with leafy shadow . to they leave , on the sunny meadow , teenager throw saucer and football , smoke cigarettes and joint , drink beer and soda , savore the wane hour of summer . closer on the couple he be will keane , late 40' to early 50' , strikingly handsome , impeccably dress , and supremely poise . at first glance he have the proud glow of a hedonist who in the war against time have be the undisputed victor . only a closer look hint at the toll of battle . his shoulder strain under the weight of so much repetition . his eye be touch by regret . the line in he face reveal a emerge disenchantment not so much with the world as with himself . walk at he side be a woman , 30 , attractive and bright . her name be unimportant because so many have come before she and , if the past prevail , so many will come after . she listen intently , as will finish speak -- will -- and I could have wait to tell you , but I want to leave no room for misunderstanding . woman well , you certainly do not . ext . another central park walkway -- later still talk quietly , they pass into a more secluded area of the park -- woman no , I see how you could feel this way . of course I do . it 's human . but what I do not get be why you would want to announce it so quickly . I mean , we just meet . feeling change . you do not even know I . will yes , I do . she be amused by he confidence -- woman oh , really ? will the minute I laid eye on you . it 's the saddest thing about get older . you know people so quickly . I even know you would end up hat I . woman well , you be wrong . I do not . will ( with a weary smile ) give it time . she laugh . then he stop . he hear something . she stop . she hear it , too . it 's a girl voice . he casually turn and look , squinting into the sun . he take a few step and there , between tree , he see two dozen people sit on the grass and on fold chair -- most be middle - age or older with a distinctly intellectual - bohemian look to they . stand and address they be charlotte field , 19 , fair , willowy , pale , lovely in a unconventional way . she wear a eccentric hat and a vintage dress . her bear be upright , she gaze warm and intelligent , she voice rich with emotion -- charlotte -- and for week I sit by she bed and cry . I tell she I love she and I begge she not to leave I . all I could think about be what I would lose if she die . and then one night ... she be in really bad pain ... I stop think about myself for a second and I think about she . ( fight tear ) I stop cry . I say goodbye . and in less than a hour ella be go . the woman whisper in will ' ear -- woman it 's so sad . but will ignore she . he watch Charlotte with keen interest , touch by the depth and sincerity of she emotion . charlotte I really think it 's possible to hold a person back ... cry they back ... from die . that 's what I do to ella and I will never do it to anyone else again . ( softly ) I hope no one ever do it to I . she look out at the group , many of whom be cry . a tear run down she cheek . she smile and wipe it away . the woman , see will ' interest in the girl , whisper -- woman so what do you know about she ? he know a great deal . or at least he think he do . but he answer be nonchalant -- will that she 's just a kid . he take the woman gently by the elbow and guide she away . he steal one last look back . Charlotte , return to where she be sit , notice will . they eye meet and a charge pass between they . meanwhile a old man have rise from he chair -- old man I meet ella at City College in 1938 ... will slowly turn and walk away . music and title in : ext . manhattan subway stop -- autumn dusk a swarm of pedestrian ascend the step to the bustling street . find charlotte amid the swarm , struggle with a load of box and shopping bag , carry a antique , wood - and - wire dressmaker's mannequin . she wear a peasant dress with a cycle jacket , a backpack , and another eccentric hat . ext . WASHINGTON square park -- dusk Charlotte make she way down the leaf-strewn pathway . wheeling the mannequin by the neck , she pass nyu student smoking , laugh , and chat on they way to class . ext . west village avenue -- dusk Charlotte haul the mannequin down the block . a young man offer she assistance , but she politely and firmly refuse . ext . west village STREET -- dusk Charlotte wearily haul the mannequin across the cobblestone street , over the curb , and up to the stoop of a charming but slightly dilapidate brownstone . int . brownstone foyer -- dusk Charlotte open the door into the darkness . she hit a light switch and nothing happen . she flip it back and forth -- charlotte shit . she dump she box and bag , then wheel in the mannequin . charlotte dolly ! the bulb burn out ! music and title out : int . brownstone live room -- same EIGHT silhouettes be crouch in the dark room . the mantel be drape with a happy birthday banner . the coffee table be stack with wrapped gift . int . foyer -- same Charlotte look suspiciously at the live room door -- charlotte dolly ? she tiptoe through the darkness and lay she ear against it . int . live room -- same we hear chuckle and whisper of anticipation . a older woman 's raspy , boozy voice growl -- raspy voice my ass hurt . a few people chuckle , but they be quickly hushed . the door knob turn and the door open . everyone leap up in a blaze of light -- all surprise ! the mannequin burst into the room , teeter crazily , wear charlotte's jacket , backpack , and hat . everyone flinch and scream . amid a chorus of laughter , Charlotte enter . grinning , she wag a facetious finger -- charlotte see ? surprise suck ! int . will ' bedroom -- night a antique clock tick crisply on the dresser . will stand before a mahogany mirror , buttone a freshly launder white shirt . lying on the cradle bed , half - wrap in a sheet , naked but for a string of pearl , be tanya , 35 , raven-haire , much too thin . she smoke a cigarette . tanya oh , will , please , not again . it 's we third date and we be already in a rut . will but I think you love it . she stretch with she cigarette but before she can make it to the ashtray , she ash fall on a New York magazine . on the cover be a photograph of will stand next to a young chef in a fashionable restaurant . the caption read : " the prodigal Son returns . " tanya oh , I do -- except for the fact that there be not a single thing on the menu I can eat . will ( with a chuckle ) sure , there be ; there 's just very little you be willing to digest . he slip in a cuff link . she affect a breezy indifference -- tanya Fine then . we will go , I will get big , fat , and horrible , and it will serve you right . will slip on a silk tie -- will no , it will not . because it take at least a few week to get fat and by then you will not even be speak to I . tanya ( curiously ) why do you say that ? he stop tie he tie and stare at she in the mirror -- will because we have no future . all I can offer you be this ... what we have right now ... nothing more meaningful ... until it end . he go back to tie he tie , then add softly -- will I could have wait to tell you , but I want to leave no room for misunderstanding . she stare at he , speechless . int . restaurant -- that night its decor be exquisitely tasteful , its ambiance warm and convivial . the night be in full swing . most of the table be take and the bar be pack . ext . upper east side -- same from amid the rush of traffic , a taxi break free and glide to the curb in front of the restaurant . its facade be windowless . only a small brass plaque on the grey marble reveal that this be elysium . will and eriko , 30' , japanese , aloof and stun , emerge from the taxi , elegantly dress , and move to the front door . int . elysium -- continuous two tipsy debutante pass will and eriko as they enter . one recognize will and smile flirtatiously . will stop and help eriko off with she jacket . jesus , 30 , the dash Cuban - american maitre d' , superbly discreet , approach -- jesus good evening , Mr. keane . will you be dining with we tonight ? will we certainly will . table seven , Jesus , if it 's available . jesus yes , sir . will hand eriko 's jacket to melissa , 20 , the hat check girl -- will how be you , Melissa ? melissa ( blush ) Fine , Mr. keane . celia , mid - 20' , the chipper , blonde midwestern hostess , arrive , wear a stunne , glassy smile . will good evening , celia . and how -- celia ( with force cheeriness ) just dandy , sir , thanks ! jesus table seven . celia this way , please . celia , barely make eye contact with eriko , walk quickly away . will be amused and a little confuse by celia 's behavior . he lay a hand on eriko 's back -- will I will be right with you . eriko nod and follow celia . will move to the reservation stand where he best friend and the restaurant 's manager , JOHN volpe , 40 , a brilliant , dapper , tough as nail brooklynite stand , listen to someone on the telephone . will lay a hand on he shoulder and mutter into he ear -- will how 's it go ? JOHN ( cover the phone ) Chaos . will the house specialty . JOHN easy for you to say , ya prick . waltzin ' in here like you own the joint . will laugh and take a look into the bar . John gesture with he head in eriko 's direction -- JOHN so who 's the new potential ex- wife ? I think you be still wastin' time with tanya-von - what 's -her - name . will we wisely agree to cut we loss . will exit into the bar . John smile and shake he head . follow will , as he glide along the bar . customer and staff greet he warmly . as he enter the main dining room , diner spot he -- sprinkle among they be celebrity from every walk of city life . will greet they , stop to shake they hand and kiss they cheek . suddenly , celia , the hostess , red -face , block he path -- celia look , I have no right to say this , okay ? and you can fire I if you want , but in the six week we have be open you have bring in six different woman -- tonight make seven -- and it 's really start to get to I . will in what way ? celia I have to greet they ! it 's like work at a dog shelter ! I be afraid to learn they name or even smile at they because I know any minute they could be put down ! will I assure you it 's a absolutely painless procedure . shock , she can not help but sputter a laugh -- celia it be ? will sure. ( beat ) especially for I . they both laugh . he move closer , lower he voice , and speak with warm sincerity -- will actually , I appreciate you concern , celia . the truth be I be a little worried myself . celia seriously ? will seriously . I have be try to do better . ( uneasily ) but ... you know how it be ... old habit die hard . celia so I be not fire ? will nope . in fact , John 's be look for a assistant . tell he you have just be promote . will smile , pat she in the shoulder , and move on . she can not believe it . a waiter carry a birthday cake -- blaze with candle and decorate with a woman' hat make of meringue latticework -- pass by on he way to the rear dine room . from inside , voice begin to sing happy birthday . will , he curiosity pique , follow . int . rear dine room -- continuous the waiter set down the cake at the center of a round table . there 's a cheer and applause as the song end . will can not see whose birthday it be because the waiter block he view . just as will be about to exit the room , the waiter step away . will glance over and see the birthday girl . at first he can not place she , but then he do , and he face soften and brighten . it 's Charlotte . she wear a black velvet dress and a wonderfully eccentric hat . her eye glow in the candlelight . through the chorus of voice , urging she to make a wish , she cry out -- charlotte you guy ! let I think ! ( concentrate ) okay . okay . Charlotte blow hard , and , with a little more effort than you might expect , extinguish the candle . everyone applaud and cheer . to Charlotte 's right sit simon loring , late 20' , English , sardonic , ador . he gesture at she chest and say -- simon watch carefully , everyone -- they ought to begin emerge any moment now . everyone laugh . Charlotte playfully slap he -- charlotte very funny ! actually , any moment now you be gonna turn straight and fall at my foot . simon oh , darling , you know I would if I could . Charlotte 's best friend , shannon harris , 19 , a spoiled but big-heart redhead , drown in curl , mutter -- shannon the only time he fall at you foot now be when he want to borrow you prada loafer . more laughter . back to will . he consider approach Charlotte , but then he look back and see eriko sit alone at they table , idly stabbing at she drink with a straw . regretting he rudeness , he take a step toward she , but then hear -- woman' voice be that will keane ? he turn and see dolore talbot , 70 , blonde wig , spindly frame , weathered skin , large , sad eye . she hold a mix drink -- woman it sure as hell be and he have not change a bit ! will I be sorry , do I -- woman you little fool , it 's dolore Talbot . dolly ! his smile show uneasy surprise -- will my God , it be . dolly yeah , I know , time 's kick my ass but good . come on , Romeo , let 's bury the hatchet . give I a hug . careful of the cocktail . as he hug dolore , he can not help but look over at Charlotte again . dolly so what the hell be you doin ' around here ? last I hear you be out in earthquake country blowin' the family fortune . will actually , I double it . dolly good for you ! on charlotte . she look over . her view be such that she see will but not dolore . a faint blush creep into Charlotte 's cheek . she pretend to listen as Shannon tell a story -- shannon -- and you know how bouncer 's get . he 's like , " that 's the worst fake i.d. I have ever see . " and I be like , " yeah ? well , you have the worst dread - extension ! " and then just when -- notice Charlotte 's distraction , Simon whisper calmly to she -- simon be you feel all right ? you look positively green . Charlotte speak under she breath without move she lip -- charlotte he 's here . and he 's stare at I again . shannon no way ! both Shannon and Simon turn to look , but like lightning Charlotte grab they both -- charlotte do not ! ( to Simon ) wait a few second , then go to the bathroom . simon how will I know he ? charlotte he 's beautiful . and much older . simon really ? ( get up ) if he 's rich you might have a fight on you hand . Charlotte watch furtively as Simon rise from he chair and walk over . as he pass will , he flash he a seductive smile . will be confuse by it . charlotte okay , look . Shannon swivel she head and throw a aloof , vacant stare in will ' direction . then she look back at Charlotte , mouth agape -- shannon he 's as old as my dad ! Charlotte laugh . back on will . he do he best to be attentive as dolore exhales a plume of smoke into he face -- dolly sure , L.A. 's okay if you be a cactus or a lizard , but if you be a New englander , you soul dry up and blow away like a god damn leaf . will it only take I twenty year to come to my sense . dolly so what be you doin ' now ? you own some restaurant out there , do not you ? on charlotte . she sit listen to Shannon -- shannon and so , after all that , we pay we cover , we get in , and it 's totally heinous ! nothing but loser and -- Charlotte look over and pale , she eye widen -- charlotte oh , shit . shannon what ? dolore walk up , haul will by the arm -- dolly kid ! I want you to meet a old chum of mine , the owner of this fine establishment -- will keane ! the table greet he . will , slightly self - conscious , look at everyone but Charlotte . dolly and that over there 's the birthday girl -- my granddaughter , Charlotte . the news hit will hard . but he do he best to hide it . he muster a casual smile -- will not Katie and jay 's daughter ? dolly you bet . she get she height from she dad . but she talent 's all Katie 's . dolore indicate the hat that Charlotte 's wear -- dolly make it herself from scratch . that one , too. ( to Shannon ) honey , show ' im . Shannon make a elaborate comic show of modeling the hat she 's wear . the table laugh . will level he gaze at Charlotte -- will impressive . try as she might to accept the compliment with grace , Charlotte can not help but grin . charlotte thanks . the wine steward stand at a station on which sit two bottle of champagne on ice . he reach for one . will stop he -- will I think we can do better than that . the steward , understanding , nod and depart , take the champagne with he . will happy birthday , Charlotte . charlotte thanks . shannon ( under she breath ) twenty year old and never be ... charlotte ( laugh ) shut up ! amuse , he flash Charlotte he most dazzle smile . will I will let you get back to you celebration . ( kissing dolly 's cheek ) a pleasure to see you again . dolly same here . will turn to exit . Simon , return to he seat , murmur seductively to will as he pass by -- simon leave so soon ? will look at he , confuse again , then continue on . as Simon sit , he mutter to Charlotte -- simon be still my beat heart . ( beat ) or be that you heart ? shannon ( whisper to Charlotte ) you be not really into he , be you ? Charlotte turn to dolore who have just sit down . charlotte hey , dolly , how do you know he ? dolly ( uneasily ) from Newport . Old friend of you mom 's . dolore eat a sloppy forkful of birthday cake . dissolve to : ext . window -- establishing -- morning a gentle breeze tickle a white lace curtain . a phone ring . int . brownstone kitchen -- same Charlotte , stand in the small antiquated kitchen , wear flannel pajamas , tense when she hear the phone ringing upstair . she snatch a apple from a bowl and dash out of the room . follow charlotte run through the dine room ... into the live room ... into the foyer ... and up a dark staircase . int . charlotte's bedroom -- morning a startling clash of childhood , adolescence , and womanhood . everything from stuff animal to poster of pop icon to volume of great literature . the phone ring again Charlotte bang in , fling herself on the bed , and grab the phone -- charlotte okay , bitch , I be ready ! intercut with : int . will ' rooftop terrace -- morning will sit in he woolen robe , hold a portable phone . amuse , he smile into the morning sun -- will for what ? charlotte oh my God , I be so sorry ! wait . who be this ? will will keane . her heart stop . she sit up slowly , she body tense . will who do you think it be ? charlotte my friend Simon , actually . he always call I the morning after to sort of ... you know ... sum everything up . will and how would you sum it up , Charlotte ? turn twenty . charlotte kinda cool , kinda creepy . anyway , you wanna speak to my grandmother ? will ( with a chuckle ) I do not think so . olivia , 30' , will ' jamaican cook and housekeeper , enter . plump , handsome , and perpetually amused , she carry a tray laden with continental breakfast and a New York Times . will mouth a greeting . she smile back and set the tray on a table . will I call because I be go to be attend a benefit ... a black - and - white ball .... and I would like you to design a hat ... for my date . charlotte really ? wow. sound fun . okay . will it 's a gift . I do not have she measurement , but she 's about you size . what be you , a six ? charlotte uh-huh . will good -- then let 's assume you hat size be also the same . charlotte but that do not necessarily -- will it 's a risk we will just have to take . Charlotte run over to she sewing table , look for a pen and paper . she find paper , but no pen -- will her dress be a sheath ... sleeveless , black . the hat must , of course , be black or white or both . she find a pen but it do not work . she grab a eyeliner and use that -- charlotte any particular style ? will ( sip he coffee ) no , just plenty of it . how long will it take ? charlotte a week or two . will you have till Thursday . I will need it here by seven o'clock . I be at the pembroke on Central Park West and 76th . charlotte oh. wow. okay . will what 's you fee ? charlotte ( falter ) I do not really have one . I usually just make they for friend . will how 's five hundred dollar ? charlotte really ? wow . will Charlotte ? his tone have abruptly shift ; it 's intimately hushed . it both daunt and excite she -- charlotte yeah ? will you say " wow " a lot . charlotte I know . will it have to stop . you be a woman now . charlotte I know . will bye . charlotte bye . she click off the phone , wilt into a swoon on the bed , and break out laugh . will , still hold the receiver , stare dreamily into the middle distance . he snap to when olivia enter . her accent be as much queen as it be Caribbean -- olivia see , now you get I worried . will what do you mean ? olivia you sleep alone last night . you must be sick or somethin' . you want I to call a doctor ? will thank you , no , I be fine . she throw he a sly , sidelong glance , then exit . will laugh and contentedly sip he coffee . from the next scene , we hear the sound of squealing , laughing , shout child . int . fao schwarz -- night surrounded by swarm parent and kide , will stand with John , the manager of elysium , and he wife , sarah volpe , 30 , who , gaze out of frame , keep a watchful eye on they kid -- JOHN save it , pal ! do not even bother ! I may not have go to a fancy school like bendover -- will ( to Sarah ) that would be andover . sarah sure , if he folk could have afforded it . JOHN -- but when will keane comp three bottle of dom to a twenty - year - old girl , then tell I he do it ' cause he like the kid 's grandma , I smell a rat ! sarah ( look around ) oh , be that what that be ? I figure there be a dirty diaper somewhere . will ( lightly ) okay , I admit it , she interest I . JOHN ( turn to Sarah ) he 's gonna do it ! I do not believe it ! he move we back here for nothing ! sarah so much for that turn leaf . will ( amused ) come on , you be overreact . JOHN be that what you think ? buddy , since we hit town , I have do nothin ' but cut you slack ! every week a new woman on you arm and I do not say a word . why ? ' Cause I figure at least they be in the right demographic . maybe by accident you will trip over something substantial . but this little girl ? best she could be be miss right 's daughter ! will ( uneasily ) I know . it 's just that there 's something about she . she 's special ... and I just think -- sarah " she 's young . she 's hot . I be on the verge of menopause . why not go for it ? " will and Sarah meet eye . will there would not be much point in lie to you , would there ? Sarah shake she head . kide ' voice mommy , daddy , look , look ! molly and carla , the volpe ' five - year - old twin daughter run up , beam , each carry a huge stuff animal . JOHN hey , they be bigger than you be ! John scoops both he daughter up in he arm and kiss they repeatedly . will watch , he eye fill with a vague , wistful envy . he see Sarah stare at he . she smile sympathetically . int . brownstone live room -- afternoon the furniture be antique and dark . the white wall be tinged with yellow from year of cigarettes . in one corner , the paint have chip off the ceiling in a jag plate . dolore sit on a wear - out leather arm chair , smoking , sip a cocktail , watch a daytime talk show . in the background , we see Charlotte work in the adjoining dine room which she have turn into a lovely sewing room . closer on charlotte . she build she hat on a hat block -- a wooden mannequin head . strewn all around she be the material of she hatmake -- bolt of cloth , hat block , a sewing table . Shannon , wear sweat and a T-shirt , lie on the floor , eat m + m 's and drink diet soda , while heavily mark up a text book with a yellow highlighter . Charlotte stop and rub she eye , then she glance down at Shannon and smile -- charlotte why do not you mark what be not important ? that way you will save ink . shannon why do not you sew you mouth to my butt ? that way you will stop annoying I . they both laugh . overhear , dolore croak facetiously -- dolly now , now , if you two kid can not play nice -- Shannon roll over onto she back -- shannon God , I hate school . Charlotte pin a strip of black lace to the hat -- charlotte oh , come on , just last week , you say you be on a roll . you love it ! shannon well , now I be on the rag and I hate it . Charlotte chuckle and set the half - finish hat on she head . still seat , she wheel she work chair over to a mirror -- charlotte I think you be incredibly lucky . I would love to be go to college . Shannon roll over and look at she . suddenly she expression be inexplicably solemn -- shannon be I the most spoiled brat in the world or what ? charlotte spoil brat do not even ask question like that . ( be : the hat ) what do you think ? she model the hat . tear well in Shannon 's eye and she say without even a hint of irony or sentimentality -- shannon that you be the most beautiful person in the entire world . Charlotte smile , look away , and , try not to cry , fuss with the hat . ext . central park west -- night a cold autumn rain fall . the irish doorman , michael , 60' , melancholy , stoop - shoulder , smoke a cigarette , look up at the unburdene sky . a limousine pull up . the passenger window glide down -- driver mikey ! how ya doin ' ? doorman a bit early , be not you ? driver hey , in this soup , better safe than sorry , you know what I mean ? running footstep approach . Michael look . the driver look , too . it 's Charlotte , dress in tatter jeans , a light rain coat , and sneaker , dash at breakneck speed down the street , carry something in a garbage bag . charlotte keane ! she run right past Michael -- int . elevator -- night Michael work the shiny brass control . Charlotte , wind , hair drip wet , watch the number tick by overhead . Michael smile at she with paternal fondness -- michael he 's goin ' to a fancy party tonight . Charlotte , nonpluse by he lack of discretion , smile politely -- charlotte oh , really ? int . will ' penthouse -- moment later the elevator door open . michael watch you step , miss . charlotte thank you . she emerge , move to will ' door , and wait for the elevator to close . when it do , she hurry back to a table over which hang a gild mirror . she take a lovely old hat BOX out of the garbage bag and ditch the bag under the table . then she quickly check herself in the glass . she do not like what she see . she poke at she sopping hair and squeeze it , but it 's hopeless . remember the time , she hurry back to the door , take a deep breath , and ring the bell . she wait . and wait . then she hear footstep approach . she realize she 's leave the hat box on the table . she rush over and grab it , just in time to get back to the door when it open . olivia , the housekeeper , step out , wear she coat and carry she purse . her voice be low and gentle -- olivia he 's waitin ' for you , miss fieldin ' . they exchange cordial smile . Charlotte enter . int . will ' apartment -- continuous Charlotte step into a dim hallway line with oil painting , carpete with a Persian runner , and light by three antique sconce . she walk slowly , terribly self - conscious . int . will ' live room -- continuous the room be vast , furnish with antique , decorate with the same masculine good taste . Charlotte enter timidly , then hear -- will what happen ? she look and see will stand , back turn , before a broad set of high window . City light glimmer in the distance ; beneath they lie the vast gloom of Central Park . charlotte I could not get a cab , so I take the subway ... only it be a express and it do not stop at -- will you realize , do not you , that you be a full eighteen minute late ? charlotte I know ... I be so sorry ... I -- will turn around . a magnificent figure -- expertly tailore tux , every hair in place , freshly manicure . and then he offer she a amused , reassure smile -- will Charlotte , relax . what 's the point of be a beautiful young woman if it be not to keep you admirer wait ? in fact , you disappoint I : I be look forward to at least another half hour of suspense . flatter , she face brighten -- charlotte I could leave and come back . will nope , too late . anyway , I want to see the hat . he walk over to she . smiling , she set down the box , unty the ribbon , and gingerly remove the hat . it 's sublimely simple and elegant . she look at he with hope . his face betray nothing -- will try it on . charlotte I can not . I be soak . will it 's all right . Charlotte , a little confuse , carefully set the hat on she head . she step to a wall mirror , pull the veil down , and set it at the correct angle . will appear behind she and share the reflection . she feel he presence , hear he breathe . they speak in hushed tone -- will it 's perfect . it 's like a tiny sculpture . charlotte I want it to be a tiny poem . she smile . they eye meet in the glass . will if only I have some use for it . ( off she look ) my date cancel a few hour ago . charlotte why ? will I do not know . she be vague . would you ... like to come in she place ? Charlotte can not believe it . she smile at he reflection . charlotte like this ? will the outfit I buy she be hang in the guest room closet . charlotte ( anxiously ) it 's okay ? be you sure ? will ( amused ) of course . he gesture toward the half - open door on other side of the room . Charlotte turn and , bite she lip , look at the door , then back at will , then back at the door . int . grand ballroom , plaza HOTEL -- night a spectacular affair be in full swing , a benefit for the metropolitan museum of art attend by five hundre guest from high society dress only in black and white . a large band play -- everything from waltze to jazz to swing . chandelier glisten . guest , sit in ornate box , look down on the marble dance floor where a waltz be in progress . find will and charlotte , dance together . Charlotte look sophisticated and beautiful beyond measure , wear a sleeveless black sheath with a fake fur wrap , and , of course , she hat . will nonsense . you be very good . where do you learn ? charlotte from ella . the woman whose memorial you crash . will so you do see I there . charlotte uh-huh . and the next time I see you , you be on the cover of New York magazine . and I have to pick a place for my birthday . so ... it take a few beat for will to put it together . he smile , realize that she presence at elysium be not a coincidence . she smile back , sweetly , coyly . on the perimeter , find two rich women , 40' , too thin , too lift , watch will and Charlotte waltz . they stand with lisa , 23 , unassume , fair-haire , simply dress . rich woman # 1 of course he move back . I mean , he would already seduce every a - and B - list actress in town . what be leave for he ? pause . Lisa look at she , feign naivety . lisa the c-list ? rich woman # 2 exactly . rich woman # 1 but if what I hear be true and he 's shopping for a bride , I can tell you one thing -- he 's bark up the wrong tree there . lisa why do you say that ? rich woman # 1 ( with a icy smile ) good wife be rarely find up cherry tree . the woman share a laugh . Lisa , slightly discompose , look back at will and Charlotte . int . grand ballroom -- later will and Charlotte slow dance to a romantic ballad . will seem entrance by she easy manner of expression -- charlotte I meet ella in the fourth grade . she be my teacher at the Little Red School House . we stay friend after she retire . she teach I how to cook and sew ... speak italian ... basically enjoy life , have fun -- that 's what she be best at ... even when she know she be die . ( pause ) the most important thing she do be introduce I to poetry . she believe it be the high form of art and that everything we say and do should aspire to it . will be uncomfortable for a moment , then venture quietly -- will it sound as though , in a way , she take you mom 's place ... charlotte my mom and my dad 's . after they die , dolly be so devastate she pretty much give up on everything . it be like if something that tragic could happen , there be no way she be ever gonna care about anyone else ever again . include herself . she be not a horrible parent ... she do not abuse I or anything ... she just ignore I . she be more like a weird landlady than a grandmother . Charlotte smile sadly . her eye glisten in the light . will I be sure she do the best she could . charlotte for a long time I kinda think that , too , and I make excuse for she , but now I do not . I be seven year old and I need she and she be not there . silence as will somberly reflect . finally , he speak -- will I remember when I hear the news about you parent . you know how after a crash they print a long list of name in the newspaper ? well , I grow up outside Boston , so I naturally start to scan the list . but casually , not expect to -- suddenly , a swing song start . will smile at the ironic change of mood , then turn to escort Charlotte away -- charlotte oh , no , come on ! I love this stuff ! do not you ? do not you grow up on it ? will how old do you think I be ? charlotte ancient ! holding he hand , she start move to the music . will laugh -- will I have no idea what to do ! charlotte have fun ! she fling she wrap onto a chair and keep dance . will , charme senseless , finally surrender . a sequence begins during which we see will and charlotte have a inordinately good time . will maintain a modicum of reserve ; Charlotte be joyful and entirely unembarrassed . certain guest notice they . the reaction to they pair run from confusion to disgust to amusement . but no one watch they more carefully than Lisa . finally , in the middle of a song , will and Charlotte make they way off the floor , wind and laugh . will head off to the bar . Charlotte turn around and watch the other dancer . then we notice Lisa stand next to she . they smile at each other . Lisa offer she a cocktail napkin . Charlotte take it and wipe off she brow . they speak above the music -- lisa I have to come . I work at the met . what 's you excuse ? charlotte sort of a date . lisa with will keane , right ? charlotte you know he ? lisa just by reputation . charlotte a major womanizer , right ? lisa that 's what they say . ( beat ) I be Lisa . charlotte Charlotte field . they shake hand . Lisa look away and see will make he way toward they with two glass of punch . coolly cover , Lisa beat a hasty retreat -- lisa anyway , I should keep mingling . but it be nice to meet you . charlotte same here . Lisa smile politely and walk away . will walk up , watch Lisa melt into the crowd . his brow be furrow . he 's wonder if he eye have deceive he . he hand Charlotte a punch -- will who be that ? charlotte Lisa something . the name hit home . will be flustered , but then he cover as best he can and lift he glass -- will ( lift he glass ) here 's to -- charlotte us. will smile slowly and they toast . int . will ' live room -- night the room be empty . there 's laughter in the distance . the front door open and shut . we hear will and Charlotte , both a little tipsy , advance down the hall toward we -- charlotte God , you talk like you be a hundred and sixteen ! will that 's usually how I feel . but not tonight . tonight I feel sixteen ... just sixteen ... and three - quarter . will cross to the bar and from a small refrigerator pull out a bottle of champagne already sit in a ice bucket . will Champagne ? charlotte he ask nonchalantly . will laugh , then open the bottle as he pick up he previous train of think -- will you see , Charlotte , the way you know you be get older be that you start to notice pattern . people start fall into type . pretty soon you know a person before you have even be introduce . and if it 's a woman , before the romance even start , a whisper in you head tell you exactly what it be and how long it 's go to last . and the saddest , the most tedious , part of all be that that little voice be almost always right . ( pop the cork ) now , what I like about you -- and I think that 's actually what inspire this little lecture -- be that I find you completely unprecedented ... and , therefore , wholly unpredictable . charlotte God , it must be a relief . will ( confuse ) what ? charlotte to finally deliver that speech to a woman and actually have it apply to she . will now wait a minute . charlotte no , because coincidentally I be all that thing you just say . and more . will chuckle , shaking he head , charme but a little unsettle . charlotte I be a " unique " . at least that 's what my yoga teacher say . he say there be very few unique in the world and I be one of they . will well , he 's a wise man . he hand she a glass of champagne . charlotte you , on the other hand , be what he would call a " typical . " will oh , really ? charlotte uh-huh . and I can prove it . want I to ? come here . will move a few step closer . charlotte closer . will walk even closer , until they be just a few foot apart . charlotte no , come on , really close . will can not believe he good luck . he near she until they face be almost touch . charlotte perfect . now watch very carefully . she rise on tiptoe and put she mouth just inch from he . they breathe mingle . will seem almost dizzied by it . and then , very slowly , he kiss she . she do not kiss back . finally , he pull away , stare blankly , breathe hard , not sure what to say . Charlotte whisper -- charlotte see ? you be a typical . ( pause ) and for what you just do , most girl my age would slap you face . or ask to be put in a cab . ( pause ) lucky for you , I be a unique . she smile , then kiss he deeply on the mouth . her arm wrap around he neck . int . will ' bedroom -- night cloak in deep shadow , set off against a rainy window pane , we see will , he shirt off , on top of Charlotte whose blouse be open . he passionately kiss she neck and mouth . dissolve to : int . will ' bedroom -- morning the room be bath in golden light . Charlotte lie naked under the cover asleep on she stomach . her brow be tense and one of she hand be slightly clench . angle on will , stand in the doorway , watch she , he face a portrait of conflict thought . finally , she stir . smiling and squinting into the sun , she get up on one arm and look at he , stand there in the doorway -- charlotte Boy , do you look guilty . ext . will ' terrace -- later Charlotte happily wolf down she continental breakfast . will sit across from she , watch and worry . charlotte do not anyone ever teach you that it 's bad manners to stare at a girl when she 's eat like a pig ? will chuckle , then he smile fade and he clear he throat . will listen -- charlotte uh-oh . here it come . will that 's right , because , look , I could put this off , but I genuinely like you . so I want to be clear ... right now ... from the start , so there 's no chance for misunderstanding later . charlotte okay . will what I want to say you be .... well ... that all I can offer you be this ... what we have right now ... nothing more substantial ... just this ... until it end . she look at he . lower she fork . he add almost reluctantly -- will the truth be , we have no future together . charlotte I know . I be die . will ' face redden slightly . he shift uneasily in he chair . a suggestion of a smile play along he feature -- will what ... what do you mean ? charlotte what I say . nobody think I would even last this long . will stare at she blankly , not know what to think or say . charlotte I could have put off tell you , but I genuinely like you , so I want to be clear ... you know , right from the start . olivia enter , take she orange juice glass and leave a full one . charlotte thanks , olivia ! Charlotte gulp down the juice . will watch , he mind reeling . int . doctor' office -- day will sit across from a large desk , beneath a wall of frame certificate and diploma . the door open and dr . paul sibley , 60 , African - american , dour and forbid , enter -- sibley Mr. keane ? Dr. Sibley . will jerk to he foot and they shake hand -- will thank you so much for take the time . sibley it 's my job , sir . please , sit down . he walk around the desk . Sibley be all business , but he brusqueness mask genuine regret -- sibley now , Mr. keane , on the phone you refer to Charlotte 's condition as cancer . that be not strictly accurate . neuroblastoma be a soft tissue malignancy , but it be not cancer -- although it sometimes can be just as aggressive . ( sit ) it 's most common in child . in young adult , the condition be extremely rare . in Charlotte 's case , the tumor be locate in she chest . it 's grow rapidly and have prove resistant to both irradiation and chemotherapy . and because of its proximity to she aorta , surgery be out of the question . will so then what treatment be she get ? sibley at present ? nothing . will shift uneasily in he chair . sibley eventually she will be treat for pain . in the end , surgery could become a option , but she chance of survival would be slim . right now Charlotte 's against it . she 's sign a directive forbid any sort of heroic intervention . a silence settles between they . Sibley open a folder on he desk . sibley there 's more here if you be interested , but it will not mean much to you . will shake he head and rise from he chair . he turn to the door , then turn back to the doctor -- will how long ? sibley optimistically ? a year . ext . ST . vincent's hospital waiting room -- later wearing she tatter jeans from the night before , Charlotte sit on the couch do the New York Times crossword . will emerge , walk slowly , pensively , as though in a trance . Charlotte look up and mask she anxiety with a grin -- charlotte a real charmer , be not he ? will do not react . he keep walk toward she . unsettle , she hold up the puzzle . charlotte how be you on cambodian money unit ? will keep advance . charlotte be you okay , old man ? you look kinda woozy . ( jokingly call out ) be there a doctor in the house ? ignoring she , will sit down , take she in he arm , and embrace she . at first she resist , but slowly she surrender and hug he back . int . taxi -- afternoon as the cab bounce down a cobblestone Village street , will and Charlotte stare straight ahead , each follow the tortuous path of he own thought . slowly , Charlotte steal a sidelong look at he . his face be tense , ashen , and unreadable -- charlotte hey . will slowly turn he head . she smile sweetly -- charlotte look on the bright side : if I be not sick , there 's no way we could hang out together . ( off he look ) I be serious . you would be scared of hurt I and I would be scared you be just use I for my perfect young body . he can not help but smile . encourage , she move closer -- charlotte and then we friend would say we be just into each other for weird psychological reason . you know , because I be look for a daddy substitute and you be look for someone you can feel superior to so you will not have to confront how scared you be of real intimacy -- and , of course , they would be right and eventually we would break up . ( beat ) but since I be so sick it do not really matter what deep - seat weirdness have bring we together because there 's no way we can possibly screw each other over ... or up ... because that take time . and I do not have much leave . the cab come to a stop in front of she brownstone . she smile archly , savore the irony -- charlotte so consider everything , do not you think we should just sort of chill out , forget I be sick , and enjoy what we have ... right now ... no string ... just this ... until it end ? ' Cause that 's really all I have to offer . will grimly appreciate the irony . charlotte think about it , okay ? but not too hard . she kiss he cheek and jump out of the cab . she skip up the step of the brownstone , then immediately turn around and run back down to the open window . she lean in and mutter sexily -- charlotte last night be so incredibly hot . ( beat ) by the way -- it be my first time . and I pick you for the job . I hope you be flatter . will be shocked . she turn and run back upstairs . she stick in the key , then turn and wave at will before bang open the door with she hip . driver okay , pal , where to ? will have not move a muscle . from the next scene , we hear the pop of flashbulb and the whirr of shutter -- int . downtown loft -- night young fashion model of every race strut down a runway , modeling a new line of women' urban casual wear . find charlotte , ignore the show , push through the crowd , hurry toward the side of the stage . she speak to a guard at the entrance and he let she pass . int . backstage -- moment later Charlotte search amid the chaos of model dress and undress . finally , she spot they . find simon and shannon styling a black female model in a tank top and fatigue . he apply a finish touch , adjust the tilt of the model 's baseball cap . Shannon , lace the girl 's boot , work as Simon 's assistant . ext . soho STREET -- night the threesome , in high spirit , bang open a fire door . Shannon be beside herself , frantically half - scream -- shannon I do not believe it ! I do not believe it ! simon I think what miss Harris be try to say , be that you have strain she credulity . charlotte really ? better put some ice on that . Shannon lift a hand to high - five she -- shannon girlfriend , you be so incredibly cool ! simon so I have be tell . Simon high - fives she instead . the girl laugh . shannon okay , now tell we everything ! do not leave anything out ! from the next scene , we hear -- john' voice okay , then what happen ? int . elysium -- late afternoon the restaurant be empty . John stand behind the bar , take a inventory of the liquor . in the background , two busser mop up . will sit on a bar stool , nursing a mineral water -- will not much . I take she home and she point out a irony -- that fate be now offer we the very same thing that just this morning I would tell she be all I could offer she : a relationship with no future . JOHN ( chuckle ) a kid figure that out ? will she 's not a kid ! that 's what I have be try to tell you . nothing 's lose on she . I be the kid . she ... I do not know what the hell she be ... ( mutter ) but I do know what she be . John look at he curiously . will glance over he shoulder at the busser , then lean in close -- will a virgin . JOHN what ? the busboy turn they head . will I have no idea . that 's the only reason she have she party here , so she could lure I into do the honors . JOHN ( grin ) she use you , pal . will I know . JOHN the hangman get hang . how 's it feel ? will embarrassing . John laugh . will settles into a brood silence . John go back to work -- JOHN so what now ? will I end it . JOHN how come ? will what , you be endorse this now ? John , continue he work , smile sweetly -- JOHN I do not know , when you talk about she , you be not such a arrogant son of a bitch . you get all whiny and stupid . I like that . will thanks . JOHN and since I do not see you gettin ' serious with any of you other victim , I figure why not spend a little time together ? pause . will because she 's die . JOHN I get bad news for you , brother , so be you . will stare at he thoughtfully . ext . brownstone stoop -- day will stand stiffly at the door , hold a bouquet of flower . he stare at he own reflection in the porthole window . he straighten he hair , tug at the collar of he cashmere jacket . footstep approach . the door open and there 's dolore , bleary - eye and dishevel . she smile sourly -- dolly well , well . int . brownstone foyer -- continuous through the dark prism of dolore ' inhospitable wariness , we catch glimpsis of the high -society hostess she once be -- dolly she will be right down . she 's upstairs , gildin ' the lily . ( shouting up the stair ) he's here ! ( wryly ) do come in . they move through a doorway -- int . brownstone live room -- continuous will be surprised by the room 's run-down state . dolly Excuse the mess . my may die fourteen year ago and it 's be simply impossible to replace she . she do window and speak English . she chuckle to herself . will hand she the flower . will for you . dolly well , be not they loverly . she casually drop they into a empty blender at the bar . dolly Care for a cocktail ? will no , thanks . int . charlotte's bedroom -- same Simon lounge on the bed . Charlotte stand before a full - length mirror , try on a dress . simon it really be uncanny . I tell you , in that dress you be the spitting image of Michel Simon . charlotte ( flatter ) who 's she ? simon a french character actor , long dead , who be not only hideous and fat , but quite male . charlotte so that would be a " no . " Simon nod . Charlotte take off the dress . int . brownstone live room -- same will look around the room . dolore splashes she drink with vodka -- dolly what can I say ? time 's a thief . one day you be rich as a arab , the next you be lucky if you can afford a god damn can of pistachio nut . will wander over to the mantel where family photo sit in tarnish antique silver frame . he pick up a photograph of a young girl in tennis white -- it 's Charlotte 's mother , Katie . will ' face be suffuse with tenderness as he study it . dolore walk over and look -- dolly how about that , huh ? that be the summer you two -- will I know . dolly who would have guess what time have in store for she , huh ? look at that smile . eye moisten , dolore cross to she armchair . her tone be slightly bitter -- dolly then again , time love some people . like you , for instance . oh , time 's just wild about you . she plop down unsteadily and reach for she cigarettes -- dolly just as handsome and charming as ever . and still up to the same old trick . will set the photo back on the mantel -- will what do you mean ? dolly first time you come to pick up Katie , you bring I flower . just like that . ( to herself ) flower the mother ; then deflower the daughter . but Katie be too smart for you ... will dolly , look -- dolly ( abruptly ) aw , why the hell do not you leave she alone ? Christ , she 's sick ! but before will can answer , they hear footstep on the stair . neither move . Charlotte enter , wear a peasant dress and feel hat , look pretty , pale , and excited . will and dolore slowly turn . they smile at she , then exchange a quick glance . Charlotte catch it and become self - conscious -- charlotte what ? what 's wrong ? dolly you look like you mom be all . Charlotte look to will to see if that 's , indeed , what he be think . he nod he agreement . she be pleased . ext . greenwich village STREET -- minute later Charlotte , full of energy , haul will down the block by the hand . will what do you mean , you know ? charlotte I do ! I just do not think it would take so long ! will two day be long ? charlotte it be when you be sit by the phone . you wanna know how I know ? will you be psychic ? charlotte I be , but no -- it 's because of my birthday wish . will but we have not even be introduce yet . charlotte I know , but I wish that whatever happen ... you know , with my illness ... I would go out with a bang . nothing heavy . no violin . no melodrama . just fun . a total adventure ! Charlotte jump off the curb . will careful ! he yank she back just as a taxi , horn blaring , speed past , nearly hit she . for a moment , they both stand there , heart pound , breathe hard . then Charlotte look back at he and grin -- charlotte wow , it 's get exciting already . ext . WASHINGTON square park -- afternoon under a perfect blue sky , the park swarm with autumn celebrant . Charlotte and will move together down a walkway . half -joyously and half comically , Charlotte address the heaven with grand theatricality -- charlotte " Lord , I do fear thou 'st make the world too beautiful this year ! my soul be all but out of I , -- let fall no burn leaf ; prithee , let no bird call ! " will we could go to a museum . charlotte no , that would be a thing ! I do not want to do any thing today . I want to do no thing all day . will nothing at all ? charlotte uh-huh . no thing at all . will so a movie be out . charlotte Way out ! will Ice cream at the Plaza ? High tea at the Palace ? charlotte both out . will what about shopping ? she consider for a few moment -- charlotte possible . will it 's not a thing ? charlotte only when I have money . ext . fifth avenue in the 5u' -- afternoon the sidewalk swarm with pedestrian . will and Charlotte emerge empty-hand from the revolve door of a department store -- will but all I give you be champagne . that 's not a proper birthday present . charlotte I agree , and I promise I will let you give I something else , but not today . will when ? charlotte soon . but I be warning you , it 's not go to be anything material . will why not ? ( then solemnly ) oh , I see ... because you be sick . because -- charlotte that 's right , but we be not gonna talk about that . will how come ? charlotte because it 's my rule . will any particular reason ? charlotte yeah , because everybody always want to talk about miracle , or about some genius quack - doctor , or they friend 's friend who go into remission eat nothing but sunflower seed . it 's boring and pointless . will be you sure ? I mean , there be specialist who -- charlotte do not start , okay ? ( abruptly ) now what I would enjoy be take you shopping . for clothes . I be serious . it 's quality not quantity , you know . int . barney' men' department -- afternoon will sit in a chair while Charlotte look through silk scarve -- charlotte at work you should look perfect , but in everyday life you need to delight in disorder more . do not you know ? " a sweet disorder in the dress kindle in clothes a wantonness . " will I think that go without say . charlotte it be true when that poem be write three hundred year ago and it 's true today . would not it be fun to look wanton occasionally ? will it 's be a lifelong dream of mine . but will a scarf do it ? charlotte totally . accessory rule . but we have to be careful . I do not want you look too young . nothing 's worse than a old guy try to look young . will good advice . I will remember that for when I get old . charlotte you know what I mean . will that I be old . charlotte uh-huh . int . barney' lobby -- later will walk a little self - consciously . he wear around he shoulder a sloppily drape wrinkly silk scarf . he walk past other shopper . among a group of women walk past he find charlotte who subtly check he out as though he be a stranger . as she pass by , she give he a sexy look , then , not very subtly , she spin around to look at he ass . finally , she break character , run after he , and throw she arm around he neck from behind . charlotte perfectly imperfect ! laugh , he hold she hand and haul she on he back to the door . int . italian restaurant -- night will and Charlotte be in the middle of a candlelight dinner . will refill she wine glass -- will I do not know why , but for some odd reason , I feel absolutely compel to tell you the truth about this ... even at the risk of -- charlotte hey , you be give I the creep . just spit it out . will hold he breath for a moment , then exhales and say it -- will I never have a date for the benefit . my plan from the beginning be for you to come with I . Charlotte set down she wine glass as she piece it together -- charlotte so I make the hat for myself ? ( he nod . ) and you buy that dress for I ? ( he nod . ) and you do all this just so you could sleep with I ? ( he nod . ) why ? I mean , why I ? will settles himself , then , meeting she eye , speak softly -- will the eulogy you give at ella 's service be so ... impressive . you speak about she death ... about loss ... in a way that I could never have do . you understand life emotionally in a way that I do not . whatever that understanding be , I want to get close to it . charlotte and sex seem like the best way to do it . will and the most enjoyable , yeah . Charlotte sip she wine and consider . then she set down she glass -- charlotte well , first of all , let I say , you have great taste because that little dolce &amp ; gabbana be to die for . will thanks . charlotte and , second , do not ever lie to I again . will all right . charlotte seriously . there be not a lie in the whole world I would rather hear than the truth . will stare at she solemnly . her expression just as somber , she lift a hand and point to she lip . he lean forward to kiss she . int . will ' bedroom -- night will and Charlotte , kissing deeply , tumble fully clothed onto the bed . as they passion build , will reach for the bedside lamp . Charlotte watch curiously , thoughtfully , as he pull the cord , plunging the room into utter darkness . music up : a sequence begins -- savore the last sunny day of autumn , will and Charlotte walk across the green of Central Park , which swarm with happy , healthy teenager . -- at night , will and John and he wife Sarah sit in box seat at yankee Stadium watch the play-off . bernie Williams hit a colossal shot . the crowd jump to its foot . as the ball fly over the right field wall , we see that Charlotte sit next to will , munch a hotdog , she nose bury in a book , utterly uninterested . -- in elysium 's kitchen , will watch on as Charlotte , wear a apron over she clothes , prepare bisque under the approve eye of the chef . she quickly and expertly pour a cup of cream and a cup of broth into a large blender . then she dump in lobster meat and add some saffron . just when she , with a dramatic flourish , be about to hit the start button , will interrupt and put the lid on the blender . -- one morning , Charlotte sit up in bed do the Sunday New York Times crossword puzzle . olivia sit on the chair next to the bed , chat and laugh with she . will enter , carry a silver tray laden with breakfast . olivia look up and gesture haughtily for he to set it down , as though he be the housekeeper . -- at the Metropolitan Museum of Art , will and Charlotte wander amid the shadow of egyptian ruin . music out . int . metropolitan museum lobby -- later flip through a stack of postcard he have just purchase , will wait for Charlotte to come out of the lady room . he idly glance up as a stream of tourist move past . he be about to look away when he eye catch someone . it be Lisa , the young woman who speak to Charlotte at the benefit . around she neck she wear a chain bear a met employee photograph i.d . she carry a take - out coffee . will follows her , agitate and curious . he see she pass through a set of glass door into the Watson Research Library . he hurry over to the door just in time to see she disappear behind a bank of card catalogue . will notice a sign at the door that forbid entry to the public . he hesitates , then enter . he speak to the first person he see -- a rotund female librarian in her 60's . he stop and ask a question about Lisa . she nod . will be shake by the answer . he stare into the middle distance , wonder what to do , he mind racing . the librarian , a little nervous now , remind he that he be not allow in the library . he snap to , thanks she , and move away . but then he stop , take out a business card , and return to the librarian . he be about to hand it to she , but then he think better of it . fluster , he thanks she again and exit . the librarian look after he , confuse and a little apprehensive . int . hallway outside the library -- same will see Charlotte at the end of the hall look around for he . when she spot he , she face brighten . she call out facetiously as she walk to he -- charlotte I think I tell you to wait right there ! will I get restless . charlotte well , I hope you do not talk to anybody ! will not a soul . int . will ' bedroom -- night will and Charlotte stand , disrob in the near-total darkness . they converse in whisper , between kiss -- charlotte you know what would scare I right now ? will what ? Charlotte move slowly through the darkness . charlotte this . she yank a cord by the window . the blind open and the room be flood with moonlight . the room be still dark , but she be far more clearly visible . her dress be unbuttone down the front . she walk back to he and stop about five foot away . she release the last button on she dress , then slide it off she shoulder to the floor . she wear only she underwear . she cross she arm over she breast , and smile -- charlotte have I tell you my latest motto ? will no . charlotte if it 's scary , do it . will I be not sure I like that motto . charlotte I be not sure that matter . she close she eye , take a deep breath , then slip off she underwear . she drop she arm to she side . she stand before he entirely naked . her self - consciousness be excruciate but she be determine to endure it . finally , she open she eye and smile with a hint of pride . will ' eye widen as he take she in . he cross to she and lay he hand on she hip . he kiss she neck . as they breathe quicken , she begin to unbutton he shirt and pull it free of he pants . he take hold of she hand , stop she , and start to ease she toward the bed . she resist . will falter and she realize something . charlotte oh my God . will what ? charlotte you be scared , too . from he expression , she know she be right . charlotte you turn . for the first time since we have meet he , will be utterly at a loss . but he see that Charlotte have no intention of back down . he begin to undress . his hand be uncertain as he untuck he shirt and unbuckle he belt . when he be finish undress , he turn to face she , he arm at he side . although we cannot see he in the moonlight and shadow , Charlotte can . she look down at he naked body and study it . he stare back with shy wariness . then she break into a crooked grin -- charlotte what 's the matter , old man ? can not afford a gym ? will that 's it ! laugh , he grab she wrist and throw she on the bed . she dissolves into paroxysm of laughter . int . will bedroom -- later will and Charlotte make love . as they passion build , Charlotte be suddenly stab with a pain in she chest . she grab he back , she face twist . she hold she breath , not want to reveal the incident to will . she close she eye and exhales as the pain subside . int . will ' bedroom -- later will and Charlotte lie in bed with the blind open and the city glimmer in the distance . Charlotte 's head rest on he chest . eye close , he brushes he hand along she face as though he be a blind man commit every detail to memory . Charlotte 's voice , almost inaudible , drift up through the dark -- charlotte " count the beat , count the slow heart beat , the bleed to death of time in slow heart beat , wakeful they lie . " will , half -asleep , murmur deeply -- will so many word in that wonderful head of yours ... charlotte if I could give you anything in the whole world , that 's what it would be . will word ? charlotte poetry . they lie in silence . ext . central park west -- late afternoon dusk fall on the park . Charlotte , red-cheek and happy , carry shopping bag , walk into a brisk autumn breeze . she smile at a bunch of school kide , dress in halloween costume , be lead on they trick or treat . int . elysium rear office -- afternoon will sit at a desk , read the newspaper . John , inspect a king henry VIII costume on a hanger , shout into the telephone -- JOHN oh no , you boy make it ! at ten minute before close ! all night I get a card announce a halibut special , only I get no halibut ! now it 's Sunday and I get three dozen cat lickin ' they chop in the alley ! tony , I do not wanna hear it ! I do not wanna hear it ! I do not wanna -- man , go to hell ! he slam down the phone . his face be bett red . will look up calmly from he paper -- will be you familiar with the phrase , " you can catch more fly with honey than with vinegar ? " JOHN be you familiar with the phrase , " mind you own god damn business ? " will sure , it 's from poor Richard 's Almanac . but the last time I check -- JOHN no , you business be to smile , make friend , and get rich ! my business be the business . John head out , then stop abruptly and look back . his tone be suddenly calm and curious -- JOHN what be you doin ' here , anyway ? you get a girl . go home . carve a pumpkin . will we can not spend every waking moment together . John look at he strangely , with a hint of suspicion -- JOHN why not ? ( pause ) no , seriously . why not ? will have no answer . John move closer when celia , he new assistant , enter cheerily -- celia special delivery ! she toss he a paper bag ; he catch it . will no trouble ? celia none . will remove a pair of red plastic horn . John shake he head with disbelief . JOHN every year . you get no imagination . will it 's a classic . a little spirit gum and voila ! he hold the horn up to he forehead . will -- young woman be render helpless . celia it 's true . I see a guy with horn grow out of he head and my knee go weak . will of course -- it 's biological . they share a laugh . a flirtatious charge pass between they . she blushes slightly and exit . John look suspiciously at will . JOHN what 's goin ' on ? will what do you mean ? JOHN at home . will smile at he as though he be insane -- will nothing . honestly . we be have a lot of fun . we be very happy . from the next scene , we hear Charlotte laugh -- charlotte's voice do not come in ! do not ! int . will ' live room -- afternoon a fire burn in the fireplace . still wear he coat , will stand by the mantel , sorting through a stack of mail -- will I be not even tempt ! charlotte's voice ( from another room ) I will be right out ! olivia enter with a steamy mug -- olivia you like hot cider ? will sure , thanks . she carefully take he coat off he as he sip the cider -- will mmmm . olivia Charlotte make it . I just pour it in the cup . she exit . as will sip the drink , he sit on the leather sofa and continue to glance through he mail . suddenly , shocked , he stop on a letter . he set he mug down . he hear Charlotte make noise in the next room . he open the letter and begin to read . his eye dart down the page , but he quickly see that the letter be not friendly . his face show disappointment . he hear footstep in the hall . he fold the letter up , slip it back into its envelope , and jam it in he back pocket . Charlotte enter and throw she hand out to she side -- charlotte ta-da ! she stand before he , dress in a white spinsterly victorian outfit with braid coiled at she ear . will smile with appreciation -- will incredible . charlotte do not I look just like she ? will absolutely incredible . pause . charlotte you have no idea who I be . will give I a hint . charlotte " hope be the thing with feather that perches in the soul . " will be that the hint ? charlotte you dummy ! Emily dickinson ! only the great american female poet ever ! she hug and kiss he -- charlotte unculture swine . will the truth be out . I have lose you forever . charlotte wanna bet ? she lay she head on he chest , smile contentedly . a subtle shadow of apprehension pass over will ' feature . eye close , she ask -- charlotte when do I get to see you costume ? ext . brooklyn brownstone -- establishing -- night a cardboard ghost hang on the door . a Jack - o'- lantern grin in the window . a halloween party be in full swing . int . brooklyn live room -- same John 's wife , Sarah , dress as queen elizabeth , walk through the crowd , pick up empty glass and bottle . as she move among costume guest and they child , we notice a few of elysium 's customer and staff , include celia , dress as glinda , talk to the maitre d' , Jesus , dress as a cowboy -- jesus no , I think we make a great couple . a good witch and a bad hombre . that could make for some very interesting sex . celia laugh . int . brooklyn kitchen -- continuous will stand off to the side , wear he devil 's horn , sip a drink , watch a EIGHT - year -old boy bob for apple , while other boy and girl cheer he on . John , wear he king costume , supervise , as the boy , wildly sputtering , struggle to bite into a renegade granny Smith . JOHN o , ricky , chill out ! you be gonna get snot in the water ! the boy laugh even harder . John facetiously grab he collar -- JOHN that 's it -- outta the pool ! the boy , choke with laughter , plunge he face into the water again . Sarah enter and call out over the din -- sarah where be the girl ? I think you be tucking they in ! JOHN we get a volunteer ! Sarah , smile curiously , head to the back stairwell . she see will stand there . watch the kid , he eye be fill with the same sort of wistful yearn that she notice at the toy store -- she give he a affectionate poke in the stomach as she pass by and disappear upstairs . finally , the boy grab the apple in he tooth and lift he soak head to the cheer of he friend . then he grab it out of he mouth and begin take big bite out of it until he uncover a silver dollar . will laugh at the kid ' excitement . a moment later a woman' glove hand cover he eye . woman guess who ? will feel she long glove . will wonder woman ? woman no . will batgirl ? woman I will give you a hint . you dumped I . will princess di? she laugh and playfully strangle he . will Wendy ? he turn and see that it 's the woman from the film 's open , dress as holly golightly . will yup , I would know that throttle anywhere ! int . brooklyn second -floor hallway -- same Sarah stop silently at a ajar door and look inside . Charlotte sit on a bed between the twin girl who be nestle up against she -- molly just one more . carla please ? charlotte all right , but this be the last last one ! she clear she throat and settles herself . the twin listen with rapt attention as she recite from memory , slowly as though it be a suspenseful bedtime story -- charlotte " because I could not stop for death , he kindly stop for I ; the carriage hold but just ourselves and immortality . we slowly drive , he know no haste , and I have put away my labor , and my leisure too , for he civility . " Charlotte look up and see Sarah , who face be beam with affection . they share a smile and Charlotte keep recite -- charlotte " we pass the school where child play at wrestle in a ring ; we pass the field of graze grain , we pass the set sun . " Sarah ease the door shut and step away . int . brooklyn live room -- hour later the camera make a circuit of the thinning crowd . Sarah blow out candle , dump ash trays , and collect empty . Charlotte , rub a knuckle into she sleepy eye , descend the stair . she see celia talk to Jesus , and walk over to they -- celia sweet dream ? charlotte I have no idea I be so tired . sarah ( from across the room ) they be down ? charlotte and out . ( look around ) where 's lucifer ? jesus ( jokingly ) last time I see he , he be in the kitchen go pretty heavily with Holly golightly . celia hey , no gossip ! Holly 's a value customer . Charlotte pretend to be fight mad -- charlotte lemme at 'er ! jesus Hell hath no fury like a recluse scorn . Charlotte laugh and head to the kitchen . int . brooklyn kitchen -- same John wipe down the table which be litter with bit of apple . charlotte hey , should not one of you minion be do that ? JOHN you know , in my day , you bobbe for the apple , and , sure , maybe there be a nickel inside it and that be sweet -- but you eat the god damn apple ! this little animal grab the coin and they be out the door ! charlotte -- off to buy crack ! JOHN exactly my point . they share a laugh . charlotte see beelzebub around ? JOHN the Prince of darkness ? charlotte uh-huh . JOHN yeah , he go upstairs . Charlotte be puzzle . int . brooklyn second -floor hallway -- later Charlotte walk down the hall , open door and glance inside . she open a bathroom and three cat dash out . charlotte shit . she get to the end of the hall and be about to give up . when she hear footstep . she walk around the corner and see a narrow staircase lead to the third floor . at the dark at the top of the stair will and Wendy appear . Charlotte smile -- charlotte you lose you horn . will hey , look for I ? charlotte uh-huh . will we be check out the roof . John 's get quite a set-up . they arrive at the bottom of the stair . will Wendy , this be Charlotte field . Charlotte -- my friend Wendy lister . they smile and shake hand . Charlotte look at they both carefully for any sign of uneasiness . there be none . wendy actually , I see you at that memorial service in Connecticut . you eulogy be beautiful . charlotte thank you . wendy ( be : she outfit ) betsy Ross , right ? charlotte you guess it . will smile and rub he hand together -- will be the party over ? ext . brooklyn bridge -- night a town car speed toward Manhattan . int . town car -- same will and Charlotte stare straight ahead , each lose in think . the light of the city illuminate they face in eerie flash . finally , will glance over and smile -- will I have a strange feel that you be upset with I . charlotte no , I be just wonder if you have sex with that woman . will ever ? charlotte no , the answer to that 's pretty obvious . I mean tonight . on the roof . will break into a grin -- will you be not serious . will laugh to himself , then glance up and see the reflection of the driver 's amused eye in the rearview mirror . will smile back at Charlotte -- will of course not . why would I want to do something like that ? charlotte that 's what I be wonder . I think , " we be so happy he would have no reason to do it . and if he do do it , he would at least look guilty , would not he ? but he do not . he look more relaxed than before the party start . " will well , there you have it . charlotte but then I think , " he 's a womanizer -- that 's what they say . " funny word , huh ? sound like some sorta machine . " and how do you get to be a womanizer ? obviously by sleep with lot of different woman for no good reason and be really good at lie about it . " will sure , except that -- charlotte let I finish . again , will look up at the driver 's eye in the mirror . they seem more serious now . charlotte anyway , there 's something about be sick right here -- she touch she own chest . her voice tremble slightly -- charlotte -- that have make I acutely aware of my heart . nothing corny -- I mean , literally ... I feel every beat . I know how sensitive it be . it react to everything . she turn in she seat and lift a OPEN palm . charlotte if you be lie to I , I will know it . ( beat ) do you have sex with Wendy on the roof ? he smile at she as though he be indulge a child . she look he deeply in the eye and open a button of he shirt . she slip she palm inside , over he heart . still smile , he do not move a muscle . they eye be lock . ever so slowly , she face crumple and tear appear in she eye . she shake she head -- charlotte my God ... oh my God . she slide away from he , drop she face into she hand , and begin to cry . will look down , then glance up at the rearview mirror . illuminate in flash , the driver 's eye have take on a ominous , unblink quality as though they be the outward embodiment of he own conscience . will look out the window . when he finally speak , he voice be calm and a little cold -- will look , I never pretend to be anything other than -- charlotte ( a piteous cry ) you hate yourself so much ! will be stunne . he look out the window , speechless , he eye small and frighten . ext . charlotte's brownstone -- night the town car be stop at the curb , motor run , light on . int . town car -- same Charlotte and will sit in silence -- will this be all a mistake . right from the start . all of it . I be a grow man and you be a child . ( beat ) anyway , you have better thing to do with you last -- with you time than spend it with I . charlotte ( distantly ) what about you ? do you have anything better ? will have no answer . Charlotte slowly get out of the car . she lean back in , she eye narrow with disdain -- charlotte you know , maybe you be right . maybe this be the best time to end it . because I be actually start to love you , will , and that 's the last thing I ever want . she shut the door . int . brownstone foyer -- night as Charlotte enter , we hear will ' cab pull away . she move to the stair and see a light shine beneath the live room door . int . brownstone live room -- same dolore sit watch a old movie , she eye dull by a cataract of boozy fatigue . the door open . she look up and see Charlotte in costume . dolly well , if it be not the Belle of amherst . Charlotte smile feebly and plop down on the crack leather ottoman . she look blankly at the tv . she sniffles and wipe a hand across she nose . dolore glance over , then back at the set . dolly see that face before . charlotte you have ? dolly and for the same god damn reason . Charlotte be confuse , but then put it together -- charlotte but you say will and my Mom be just friend . dolly sure , but she be nut about he . the only reason she do not sleep with he be ' cause she be sentimental . and smart . she want a ring first . charlotte why do not he give she one ? dolly ' Cause he knock up little millie Tyler instead . in Newport . at Bailey 's Beach . during the Labor Day clam bake . she chuckle grimly , cough , and sip she drink . dolly millie be you mom 's best friend from nightingale . you have to hand it to he . he sure know how to make a point . she cough again . Charlotte struggle to make sense of it all . charlotte why do he do that ? dolly aw , who the hell know ? ' Cause the moon be full . ' Cause life 's short . ' Cause he 's will keane . I will tell you a little secret -- after that , you Mom hate he gut , but you dad never make she smile like he do . ( pause ) ' course you dad never make she cry like that either . charlotte ( softly ) why do not you tell I any of this before ? dolly oh , I dunno ... charlotte you never talk to I ! you never try to help I ! dolore ' eye grow nervous . she swallow hard . dolly Christ , look at I . I be gonna tell you what to do ? charlotte yes ! you be my family . you be suppose to take care of I . dolly aw , you would not listen . that 's the thing about people -- they just do what they want from the day they be bear till the day they die . she realize she poor choice of word . she look over and they eye collide . Charlotte begin to cry -- charlotte no , that 's you , dolly ! people who have give up do not listen to other people ! people who want to die close off ! that 's not I ! I want you help ! I want to learn ! Charlotte drop she head dejectedly . charlotte anything ... anything you would ever have tell I , I would have listen to ! I promise . dolly ( fight tear ) aw , come on , honey . I can throw a party and I can mix a gimlet . after that , what the fuck do I know ? she rise , give Charlotte a nervous , awkward pat on the shoulder , then cross over to the bar . int . will ' live room -- night will stand in the center of the room , look around blankly . he disappear into the bedroom . int . will ' bedroom -- continuous will enter and see some of Charlotte 's clothes fold neatly on the bed . a literary anthology lie open , show a drawing of emily dickinson . he grab the clothes and the book and put they in a shopping bag that she have leave on the floor . then he walk into the bathroom . we see he gather beauty product off the sink . he walk back in and set they into the shopping bag . he look around and spot a nearly complete crossword puzzle sit fold on the dresser . he drop that in the shopping bag , too , then set it by the door . he feel a draft and spot a OPEN window . as he cross to it , he notice something on he pillow . a blank envelope . he pick it up and rip it open . it 's a halloween card of a grin jack -o-lantern . he open it and inside be handwritten : the scariest night of the year and only one thing haunt I : that we might never have meet . all my love , xxx Charlotte . will lower the card and heave a deep breath . his jaw tight , he walk over and drop the card into the shopping bag . int . brownstone foyer -- same Charlotte emerge from the live room and shut the door behind she . she climb the stair to she solitary bedroom . fade to black : fade in : ext . upper east side -- night from amid the rush of traffic , a taxi cab break free and glide to the curb in front of elysium . will emerge with patty , 35 , bosomy , bright - eye , pitch a little too loudly . will seem stiff and tentative , a shadow of he former self . int . elysium -- continuous a elderly couple pass they as they enter . will stop at the coat check and help Patty with she coat . she admire the decor -- patty oh , will , it 's beautiful ! although he spirit be low , he be effortlessly cordial -- will thank you . it be design by a team from -- patty so functional ! be that stainless steel ? will actually , no , it 's velvet . she furrow she brow , squint , then laugh . patty oh , my God , it be ! will hand Patty 's coat to Melissa , the hat check girl , and ask under he breath -- will how be you ? look at Patty , Melissa ask with deep sympathy -- melissa how be you , sir ? before will can respond , Patty take he arm -- patty well , if the food 's even half as good as the molding I be in for a very special treat . Jesus be surprised to see that will be not with Charlotte -- jesus uhhh , good evening , Mr. keane . will you be dining with we ? will yes , Jesus . table seven , if it 's available . jesus certainly , sir . celia approach , equally surprised not to see Charlotte -- will hello , celia . celia ( sincerely ) how be you this evening , sir ? will I have be worse . celia ( under she breath ) be you sure ? the new hostess , celia 's replacement , arrive . jesus table Seven . new hostess this way , please . will ( to Patty ) order a drink . I will be right with you . Patty follow celia . will move to the reservation stand where John stand , stone - face , flipping through the reservation book -- JOHN where the hell you be ? will splendid , how be you ? JOHN where 's Charlotte ? will delivery on time ? JOHN who 's the broad ? she look like a holiday - Inn hooker from Ohio . will keep up the good work ! will walk away . int . downtown bar -- night Dark , smoky , and boisterous . find charlotte , stand with Simon . she look around disgustedly and shout above the roar -- charlotte okay , I be chugge scotch , gag on smoke , and lose my hearing ! now why be this so good for I again ?! simon that 's just it ! the great spiritual benefit in leave one 's room be that it remind one of how odious it be to leave one 's room ! across the room follow shannon , come out of the lady ' room . she make she way through the crowd -- shannon Excuse I ! Excuse I ! sorry ! Excuse I ! boy' voice no problem ! she look up and can not believe she eye . back to charlotte and simon Simon , shouting above the music , speak with difficulty -- simon there 's one thing you do not know about Mr. keane and he adultery and as painful as it be I feel that I should tell you ! charlotte ( alarmed ) what ? what be it ! simon that woman on the roof ? that be no ex-girlfriend ! in fact , no woman at all . it be I , Simon loring , master of disguise ! willsy and I have move in together ! Charlotte laugh and slap he . Shannon approach haul by the hand eric bale , 24 , small , beautiful , long -haire , glass . shannon look what I find ! Charlotte can not believe it either -- charlotte Eric ! wow ! eric hey , char ! they hug and kiss with some slight awkwardness , then shout above the music -- charlotte God , long time no see ! one night we show up to rent eraserhead and you be just go ! eric sorry about that ! shannon it be such a drag ! you know , have to actually start pay to rent movie ! eric I bet ! charlotte what 's up ? Ralph say you move to rockland County ! eric yeah , I get a job work for my mom 's new boyfriend ! charlotte what do he do ? eric he sell pot ! shannon cool ! eric not really . I be a driver ! I get laid off when he get bust . he 's await trial ! charlotte so what be you do now ? eric same thing pretty much . only for domino 's ! Charlotte laugh . shannon whoa , I do not believe it ! ( to Eric ) she have not laugh in like a week ! Eric smile quizzically at Charlotte , wonder why . int . elysium -- night will sit listen to Patty talk -- patty -- so everybody on the conference call start introduce themselves . ned lewey , Paris Office . takashi matsuo , Tokyo Office . whoever , the London Office . and then someone say , " will the architect from the New York office please identify himself . " and I pipe up and say , " well , guy , I be not a he or a architect . I be Patty strauss and I be head of East Coast marketing . " and there 's like total silence . it be hysterical ! will smile feebly . he look away and see John hold the telephone , urgently signal to he . alarm , will jump up -- will I be sorry , would you excuse I ? patty of course . at the reservation stand will , fear the worst , hurry to John -- will who be it ? JOHN nobody ! John slam down the phone , grab he by the arm , haul he through the reception area and out the door . Patty watch , confuse . ext . elysium -- continuous John walk quickly down the block , still haul will -- JOHN last time I check I be you best friend ! will so ? JOHN so after the party , no thank you ! I call you three time -- no call back ! and for six day you do not even eat at you own god damn restaurant ! what be I suppose to think ? huh ?! I be ready to call the morgue ! will relax , I be alive . JOHN well , you sure do not look it ! ext . another block -- minute later John walk as quickly as he can with will struggle to keep up -- JOHN I will tell you why it 's my concern ! because I have a god damn swim pool ! a ocean view ! a fabulous lemon tree hangin ' right over my jacuzzi ! and I give it up for you , brother ! back to a life of concrete and dirt and siren just so you could get you shit together ! ext . another block -- minute later John , walk a little more slowly now , cannot believe he ear -- JOHN on my roof ? you gotta be kiddin ' ! not on my green chair ! tell I it be not on the green chair . will wince . JOHN oh , great . now how be I gonna clean that ? ext . another block -- minute later John walk slowly now , backward , listen to a anxious will -- will look , it do not matter that she 's sick -- she 's still a kid and there 's no way we should be together . it 's unhealthy ... it 's ... it 's inappropriate ... JOHN ( with disgust ) what the hell be that ? some sorta shrink talk ? will look , if she be just fun ... just some sort of diversion ... maybe I could justify it . but the worst part be that it 's become more . much more . it 's embarrassing how much I like she . she get to I . she affect I ... he stop and lean back against a building . he look around , avoid eye contact with John , as tear rise into he eye . will and she 's gonna be go and ... I be not sure I can ... I mean ... I already think about she all the time ... ( fight tear ) her smile kill I ... and the think ... that it will be go ... forever ... that I will never see she again ... I do not know ... I can not -- I do not think I be that strong , johnny . it 's too much . I would rather have it be over ... over now . I will start miss she now . will be still unable to look at he . John speak softly -- JOHN buddy , I hate to break it to you , but in the real world ... where I live ... there be only two kindsa love storey . Boy lose girl and girl lose boy . that 's all there be . somebody always get leave behind . you try to avoid that , you will end up a old man toastin ' yourself with egg nog in the mirror on Christmas Eve . you will end up die in you own arm . will lift he frighten eye . John pat he on the cheek . ext . high -rise apartment build -- night will stand with Patty in the driveway in front of the glass lobby . he be distract and terribly anxious . she look as though she expect , at the very least , a kiss -- patty thank you so much . I have such a great time . will good. I be ... I be glad . patty do not you ? will Patty , I ... I want to be honest with you ... right now , from the start ... so there 's no room for misunderstanding . I do not have a good time , but it 's nothing personal . I just split up with someone and rather than admit to myself how much I miss she , I ask you out instead . and it 's unfair . if I feel sad I should just feel sad and not try to use you ... and you body ... as some sort of painkiller , right ? ( beat ) anyway , I think you be a warm and engage woman and I wish you all the best . relieved to have unburdene himself of the truth , he shake she hand . Patty , utterly baffle , do not know what hit she . ext . will ' build -- later the doorman Michael , smoking a cigarette , see will walk up , he expression pensive . michael Mr. keane -- will good night , Michael . michael you have get a visitor . will stop and turn -- will who ? michael she 's be waitin ' almost a hour . in the lobby . ( off will ' look ) a little surprise for ya . he wink . will realize that it 's Charlotte . it must be . he smile and hurry inside . int . will ' lobby -- continuous will burst in and freeze . a woman stand across the way , study a oil painting . she turn quickly . it 's lisa . she see he excited expression fall . beneath she rather compose facade , Lisa be a chaos of conflict emotion -- lisa sorry to disappoint you . will no , no . not at all . you surprised I , that 's all . I do not expect to see you ... not here ... not after you letter . lisa well , I do not expect you to show up at my job . will I follow you in . I be not even sure it be you . all I have be a old snapshot . lisa my boss think you be a stalker . will I do not mean to run off like that . lisa but you do . a awkward silence . lisa so you get my letter . what would you do ? freak out ? burn it ? will I save it . lisa I be just blow off some steam , okay ? I think I have the right . will so do i. look , why do not we go upstairs . lisa ( uneasily ) no. I do not plan to come . Peter ... my husband ... he agree . he think it 's a futile exercise . but it turn out I be pregnant . just a few month , but -- will Lisa -- congratulation . that 's wonderful . his sincerity stop she . she soften slightly , muster a tiny smile -- lisa thanks . anyway , I guess it make I want to meet you . I have be a little sentimental about parent-hood . will be that what you consider I ? lisa in a lousy absentee sorta way , sure . pause . will how 's you mom ? lisa great . nut . she move to costa rica last summer . will why ? lisa a guy , what else ? he own a charter airline and wear sunglass indoors . I think he might be a gunrunner . will chuckle . for the first time , Lisa relax enough to take he in . lisa you know , you be much better look in person than in photograph . I always assume Mom be exaggerate , but she be not . will thanks . you be not bad look yourself . Lisa smile , and , much to she embarrassment , tear come to she eye . she shake she head at how absurd she be , treasure kind word from a father she do not know . lisa anyway ... I should go ... will already ? lisa I really just want to meet you and ... maybe ... I do not know ... will ( gently ) what be it ? tell I . she sniffles and look away -- lisa nothing earth-shatter . maybe just to hear you say you be sorry . silence . will I be . I be very sorry . she stare at he long and hard , wait for some more palpable sign of remorse . it be not forthcoming . finally , she nod . lisa okay . thanks . she turn and walk away . his voice stop she -- will can I call you ? she turn around , hesitates for a moment , then nod . she continue to the door . but then she stop and turn -- lisa before ... when you come in ... who do you think I be ? will a friend . lisa you must like she a awful lot . she smile simply and head for the door . when she be go , Wells slowly walk back toward the elevator , but then abruptly stop in he track , deliberate ... ext . village -- dawn the camera crane down slowly from a view of the sun rise in the eastern sky to a taxi glide over to the curb in front of ... charlotte's brownstone -- dawn Charlotte , look tired and a little pale , pay the driver and emerge from the taxi . she make she way up the step . int . brownstone -- continuous look down from the second - floor landing , we see Charlotte enter and walk up the stair toward we . as she reach the landing , she feel a stabbing pain in her chest and stop walk . wincing , she wait for the pain to subside . int . charlotte's bedroom -- continuous Charlotte enter wearily , drop she purse on the floor , then turn and gasp . will lie sprawle in a armchair fully dress , sound asleep . Charlotte be offended by the intrusion . she hurry over to awaken he . but then she stop . her face soften slightly . she study he face ... touch he cheek with the back of she hand ... trace the line at he eye with a fingertip .. smooth back a wisp of hair . finally , snap to , steeling herself , she jostle he -- charlotte hey . will wake with a violent start . when he see she , he drop he head back . he close he eye again and murmur sleepily -- will where be you ? I be worried . charlotte so worried you fall asleep . what be you do here ? will I have miss you . you have no idea how much . she cross coldly to she closet and , half - shutting the door , block he view , start to undress . charlotte how would you get in ? he sit up , rub he eye in the morning light . will dolly . we watch tv . she fall asleep . what time be it ? charlotte I do not know I have a curfew . will where be you ? charlotte none of you business . so what be it ? what do you want ? will sit forward , more alert now . he exhales heavily and begin : will to tell you that you be right . I do hate myself . but not so much that I can not see how stupid and despicable and -- charlotte cowardly . will and cowardly what I do be . and even though there 's no excuse for it , I want you to forgive I . she turn and look at he . she feel herself relenting . she turn away and continue undress -- charlotte why should I ? will because , for better or worse , I be fall in love with you , and the think of we not be together be unbearable to I . she stop , then glance at he with a flash of pain and long . determined not to surrender to she feeling , she cross to the bed and throw open the cover . charlotte let 's sleep . she crawl into bed . charlotte in the morning , we will talk about what a gigantic asshole you be . will , relieved , cross to the bed and begin to undress . he ask casually -- will so where be you ? charlotte with Shannon and Simon and Eric . will who 's Eric ? charlotte a old friend who use to work at blockbuster . will what would you guy do ? charlotte talk and drank . Simon and Shannon finally go home . Eric and I hang out . think nothing of it , will nod . he slip into bed . her back be to he . he drape a arm around she and pull she a little closer . he smile contentedly and close he eye . but then something occur to he . he open he eye -- will hung out where ? charlotte stop . we will talk about it tomorrow . will Fine . he close he eye again . a few beat later , they open . will talk about what ? be there something to talk about ? what happen ? Charlotte , eye still close , break into a sly , amused smile . ext . central park west -- day will and Charlotte , collar turn up against the brisk wind , walk together . Charlotte wear a backpack . will try desperately to appear casual -- will no , honestly , I think I have a right to know . charlotte and I honestly think I have a right not to tell you . will you be be unreasonable . charlotte you be be nosy . ext . central park -- day they move down a wind walkway beneath barren tree -- will you know , in this day and age it 's not so outrageous a request . I mean , I do not know this kid . I do not know where he 's be . charlotte ( laugh incredulously ) you be worried about where he 's be ? give I a break ! ext . wollman rink -- day will watch as Charlotte lace up she figure skate -- will it require balance and I have lousy balance , okay ? charlotte oh , come on , what 's the worst that can happen ? ( beat ) well , I guess you could break a hip . will look , I be not in a sport mood ! charlotte how come ? will I be jealous , okay ?! be that what you want to hear ? be you satisfied now ? she burst out laugh -- charlotte not even close ! ext . wollman rink -- day will pace the bleacher , furious , while Charlotte skate nearby -- will all I want be a simple answer and you be torture I ! and I resent it ! it 's cruel and juvenile ! and I -- charlotte ( explode ) hey ! her anger startles he . she skate over quickly and skid to a abrupt stop -- charlotte it 's not ! it 's adult ! it 's revenge ! and if you think it 's bad not know what I do -- well , it 's even worse know exactly what you do ! she turn and skate away . ext . wollman rink -- afternoon will sit on the bleacher , miserably brood , while Charlotte gracefully glide by , laugh and chat with three young male skater whom she 's just meet . ext . central park -- nightfall they walk together in silence . will be sullen . finally , Charlotte take he hand and speak gently but firmly -- charlotte do I a favor , okay ? never ask I again what happen with Eric . just accept the fact that you will never , ever know . and if that hurt , then think about it next time you want to cheat on somebody . will reflect . int . will ' bedroom -- night Charlotte and will be little more than silhouettes , lie entwine in the rich darkness , converse in whisper : will I wish I be exaggerate , but I be not . I sleep with every one of they . really . look through dolly 's old photo album ... or any movie magazine ... visit aspen at Christmas . I be on a mission . and until recently I really do not think I have a problem . or if I do , it be definitely the most pleasurable one I could imagine . charlotte what change ? will my house in malibu burn to the ground . Charlotte laugh . will smile with sad irony . will I know , it sound funny . but it must have trigger something because the next thing I know I could not sleep . I would lie awake at night absolutely terrify . like a kid leave alone in the dark . charlotte what be you scared of ? will how quickly time be pass and how adolescent I still feel . how meaningless all my choice seem . how lonely I be . so I liquidate my portfolio , sell my business , and move back here . to start over , settle down , start act my age . ( beat ) you be suppose to be my one last dalliance with youth . charlotte well , for you sake , I hope I be . he think for a moment , then smile , and kiss she brow . int . macdonald -- day will sit with John , Sarah , and the twin at a plastic table overrun with food , wrapper , and squash condiment tube . Sarah speak to will -- sarah judge you ? why would I ? screw the age difference -- I like the new you ! before Charlotte come along , do you have any idea how hard it be to get you to sit down for a happy meal ? will and John laugh . Molly , one of the twin , chime in -- molly uncle will , how come you do not get marry ? JOHN yeah , how come , uncle will ? will I want to , carla , but -- molly I be not carla ! I be Molly ! will well , Molly , I just have not meet the right woman yet . carla what about Charlotte ? she 's funny - pretty . sarah ( aside to will ) it mean funny and pretty . it 's they high compliment . will I agree . ( rise from the table ) she 's also demand . JOHN where be you goin ' ? will she 's decide she want she birthday present today . will give both of the little girl hug and kiss . JOHN but that be last month . will the dom do not count . this be she real present . she choose it herself and it 's not material . JOHN now you get I curious . sarah yeah , what be it ? will shake he head and smile , reluctant to answer . from the next scene we hear the sound of two dozen people breathing furiously . int . studio -- afternoon on a slightly elevate stage , hari singh , 35 , a american sikh wear a white robe and turban , sit in the lotus position before a light candle , softly instruct the crowded class -- hari okay ... breath of fire ... now inhale deeply ... hold the breath ... let you heart lotus blossom ... feel the energy rise ... and exhale . good . now peacock pose . hari roll forward , dig he elbow into he midsection , and pop up so that he be parallel to the floor with he leg still cross . angle on the CLASS , all move into the pose . in the center of the class be will and Charlotte , wear sweat . his arm shaking , will be clearly in pain . he mutter -- will when do the enlightenment start ? charlotte when you realize that I be God . will laugh . a moment later , Charlotte wince and fall out of the pose onto the mat . hari look over , confuse -- hari be you all right ? Charlotte sit up quickly , smile -- charlotte yeah . no big deal . cramp in the old fifth shakra ! she glance over at will . he see that she 's scared to death . he help she to she foot , speak softly in she ear -- will do not worry . you be gonna be okay . she nod . they move toward the door . but after a few step , she eye flutter , she body go limp , and she slam down on the mat , unconscious . int . speed ambulance -- afternoon Charlotte lie on a stretcher near will and a paramedic -- charlotte it 's no big deal . I just hyperventilate . really . but then she gasp as she 's hit by a stab of pain . will throw a grave look at the medic and squeeze she hand more tightly . ext . ST . vincent's hospital -- establishing -- night the building be brightly illuminate against the night sky . int . ST . vincent's waiting room -- night will sit , anxiously struggle with a half - finish crossword puzzle . he hear the click of a lighter . a grubby little man stand by the coffee machine light a generic cigarette . will Excuse I ... do you have a extra one of that ? little man ( eye narrowing ) you a smoker ? will not for year . little man well , hell , if I be gonna be the one to get you goin ' again . pause . will thanks . little man do not mention it . will look up and see Dr. Sibley stand in the doorway . int . telemetry floor corridor -- night Sibley walk will down the hallway -- sibley the repeat mri and cat scan do show interval progression . will ( uncertainly ) which mean the tumor 's grow ? sibley yes . yes , it have . considerably . as for she loss of consciousness , one explanation be a disturbance in she heart 's electrical function . we will be monitoring she overnight for any arrhythmias . if we find something , we will treat it . unfortunately , the more likely explanation be that the tumor have begin to obstruct the outflow of she heart . if that 's the case , there 's little we can do . we could be speak in term of week not month . they arrive at Charlotte 's room . sibley when she return home , we will want she to stay active , but do not let she overexert herself . ( off will ' nod ) do not stay long . she 's be sedate . int . charlotte's hospital room -- same Charlotte lie in the bed with she eye close . a ekg monitor bleep steadily in the corner . a iv drip hang by she bed . will enter and sit down at she bedside . he touch she hand . she open she eye and smile drowsily -- charlotte hey . will be terribly anxious . his speech be accelerate will be you all right ? you be okay ? how do you feel ? charlotte stone . will I will let you rest . I should . you will sleep and then -- charlotte ( touch he hand ) shhh . he nod and inhale deeply . his heart be racing . she murmur -- charlotte you still owe I a birthday present . will I do not . charlotte just ' cause I faint be no excuse for you to bail on you peacock pose . she smile sleepily . will lift a hand to she mouth and whisper : will it ought to be illegal . charlotte what ? will you smile . it 's too pretty . charlotte I have ruin you for other woman . will you have . charlotte all part of my master plan . ( beat ) do you wanna hear a story ... a bedtime story ? will should not I be tell you one ? charlotte once upon a time , there be a woman on a ship crossing the Atlantic and she little boy get sick . very sick . and she say whoever save my boy 's life ... I will name my next baby after they . well , they get into port and they rush she son to St. Vincent 's hospital ... to here ... and they save he life . and so the mother name she next baby edna St. Vincent millay . ( beat ) and edna grow up to be , as I be sure you know , the second great female poet in american history . will the first would be Emily dickinson . charlotte you be a quick learner -- I like that about you ... ( half to herself ) " it may be , when my heart be dull , have attain its girth , I shall not find so beautiful the meagre shape of earth , nor linger in the rain to mark the small of tansy through the dark . " her eye drift shut -- charlotte I be so pretentious ... will laugh , then clear he throat , and look suddenly serious -- will Charlotte , listen , I -- charlotte uh-oh . heavy , heavy ... will I just think -- charlotte no . no violin . I be fine . go home ... sleep ... he consider for a moment , then , tear welling in he eye , he lift she hand to he mouth and kiss it . int . brownstone live room -- afternoon will sit across from Simon who stroke Shannon 's back as she weep -- shannon it just do not seem real and now that it be , I hate it ! it 's so unfair ! dolore , sit in she armchair , mutter as though by rote -- dolly fare be what you pay on the train to Jersey . Fair be the place that smell like manure where , if you be real lucky , you win a blue ribbon for you home - make pickle . Fair be a sky without a cloud and a face with a mark . fare be food . what fair be not be everything else . simon well , I think I speak for all of we when I say that we have hear quite enough from dolore . dolore chuckle . Simon continue to will -- simon now , correct I if I be wrong , but I believe what you be say be that while the end may be in sight , it have not yet arrive . will that 's right . the tumor 's begin to interfere with the function of she heart , but she -- simon then why exactly have you call we here ? will falter , look at he incredulously . simon I cut short a lunch date , Shannon 's miss she low- impact aerobics class , and dolore have delay the start of she happy hour -- surely you must have have good reason . will I think Charlotte 's health might be of some interest you . simon it be . you could have tell I all about it on the telephone . will I also think it might be a good idea if we discuss way to make she as comfortable as possible for the -- simon Charlotte loathes comfortable . I never seek to bore she with comfort while she be well , why should I start now that she 's sick ? will stare at Simon , he face ashen and full of contempt -- will tell I , be you really so cold ? or be it just a pose that you have cultivate ? simon it 's a pose that I have cultivate . ( beat ) I choose it , as a sort of smoke screen , some time after attend my twentieth funeral in as many month . pause . will I be sorry . simon it 's quite all right . but , honestly , it shock I how often you people forget . we phone book have as many number cross out as write in . so that while death be certainly as painful to we as it be to you , we do not find it nearly so ... extraordinary . ( beat ) do not misunderstand I . I adore Charlotte and when she die , I would ... be it not already in that state ... cry my heart dry . Shannon look at Simon and burst into tear again . Simon hold she even closer , rub she back . music up : ext . manhattan STREET -- nightfall will emerge from Charlotte 's brownstone , hail a cab , then decide against it . ext . CITY street -- nightfall head down , eye desolate , will walk uptown . the roaring traffic , dense crowd , blaring music , flash neon -- the great welter of urban life be entirely lose on he . he can think only of Charlotte . ext . hell kitchen -- night will walk down a dark block , he jacket open to the cold night wind , he cheek and ear burn red . int . hell kitchen walk - up foyer -- night will enter , check the tenant list , then press a buzzer . he speak into the intercom and a moment later be buzze up . int . walk - up stairwell -- night follow will , run up the stair . he arrive at a door , cold and gasp for breath . he hear footstep . the door open , but we do not see who be there . music out : int . walk - up live room -- later will pace , speak desperately to someone . he seem on the verge of a total nervous collapse -- will she 's in the hospital now . she do not have long . week maybe and -- she ... anyway , I have something to ask you . a favor . I have no right to ask . I know . I would do it myself , but I can not . I be too ... I be ... he take a deep breath to keep himself from cry . angle on lisa , he daughter , sit on the couch , listen , she face unreadable -- lisa what be it ? will I want you to find a surgeon . Dr. Sibley tell I ... Charlotte 's doctor tell I ... he say at some point , when it 's hopeless , surgery could be a option . heroic surgery , he call it . I want to make sure that when the time come a hero be perform that heroic surgery . do you understand ? you will have to make call . I will get name . Sibley will give I name . ( fight tear ) I be sorry to ask you ... I have no right . but , you see , she do not want it ... this surgery ... I will have to convince she . so no one can know ... for now . and I trust you . you be my only family and I ... ( beat ) you have every right to refuse I . after what I do . you be a child ... and you need I ... and I be nowhere to be find . there 's no excuse for that . I be so terribly sorry ! silence . lisa I would be happy to do it . will , stunne , deeply grateful , allow himself a breath . lisa dad , I be really sorry she 's sick . will ( almost inaudible ) I be , too . so sorry . I should be the one . it should be I . Lisa , flood with compassion , want to go to he , comfort he , but she stay where she be . fade to black : fade in : ext . carl schurz park -- late afternoon the darken sky be sweep with a brisk wintry breeze . shadows descend from the tree and tower rock . a old man sit on a bench , read a newspaper . a nanny push a baby carriage past . will and Charlotte walk together , bundle up again the cold . Charlotte walk backward , she breath shoot out into the cold air like smoke -- charlotte you never talk about my mother . ( beat ) talk about she . will what do you want to know ? charlotte everything . all I remember be that she smell like vanilla , love to read to I , and be really good at cut up fruit . I could not believe she do not cut she finger off . will well , I remember a little more than that . let 's see ... she be blonde ... about you height -- charlotte I have see picture , dummy . will oh , okay . she ... always eat she ice cream with a fork -- how 's that ? charlotte much better . will and she write great letter , but could not spell at all . charlotte neither can i. will she be a mcgovern Democrat but also a incredible snob . she love blueberry . she have the world 's worst backhand . her favorite singer be Stephen still . charlotte who ? will never mind . she be afraid of shark . and , consider the time , she be pretty square . she only try drug once -- a lifeguard give she a hash brownie and she throw it up all over he . Charlotte laugh . will and she laugh just like that . and she bit she fingernails . and she could not tell a joke . ( beat ) in short , she be a unique . Charlotte smile happily . ext . east river esplanade -- minute later will and Charlotte lean down on the railing , watch the water purl and eddy around randall 's Island . charlotte do you know she be in love with you ? will she tell I . charlotte be you in love with she ? will yes . charlotte why ? because she be the only girl in rhode Island who would not sleep with you ? will that 's how she get my attention ; it 's not why I fall in love with she . ( beat ) I fall in love with she because she charme I senseless day and night for a entire summer . charlotte then why do you screw she best friend on Labor Day ? will look at she darkly . she smile and shrug -- charlotte it 's just a question . will sigh and look away , reflect -- will I have no idea . the summer be over . you mom be go back to Smith . I be move down here to work on Wall Street . it be we last day together . she be cry . she tell I , for the first time , that she love I . I say I love she , too . I promise to call and visit . a few hour later I be in a cabana with millie . ( beat ) when millie tell I she be pregnant and that she want to marry I , I escape to l.a... and I never see she or you mom again . charlotte ( wryly ) well do . will I think it 's part of the reason I never come back . charlotte but why're you like that ? what be it ? I mean , you be not bear that way . will I might as well have be . for as long as I can remember , I have always run off at the first sign of a woman want anything from I ... rely on I in any way . she consider for a moment -- charlotte but I want everything from you , will . I rely on you in every way . will I know . charlotte so the only reason you do not dump I be because I be sick ? because you know that it 's all go to be over , anyway ? will maybe . but it do not feel that way . ( beat ) it feel as though I be not afraid anymore . she look at he and smile . he put a arm around she and draw she close . int . taxi -- afternoon will look out the window , he arm drape around Charlotte who lie nestle against he , eye close . he suddenly see something . he think . check he watch . his eye ignite and he call out excitedly to the driver -- will Driver ! Quick ! pull over here ! right here ! Charlotte , a little sleepy , come to . she look out the window and she face soften with happiness . ext . the brick church , 92nd and park -- same on the step of the old church a choir sing Christmas carol . all around they , a large crowd sing along . will and Charlotte get out of the cab . his arm around she , will pull she into the crowd . they join the carol . will sing well . Charlotte be tone deaf . in between line of the song , she call out -- charlotte I do not know you could sing ! will I do not know you could not ! she laugh and continue to sing . the carol end to cheer and applause . the choirmaster step forward to a microphone -- choirmaster well , you all know what time it be ! charlotte ( confuse to will ) no , I do not . do you ? he grin . the choirmaster nod at someone in the distance . then hold up a hand , finger spread , and begin to count down . the crowd join in -- choirmaster and crowd ten , nine , EIGHT , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one ! at that instant , all the white christmas light on the tree of the median from 96th Street to 44th Street pop on simultaneously -- a enchant fairy - tale spectacle . the crowd and the choir cheer and clap , car honk they horn . Charlotte 's eye be fill with happy wonder . choirmaster happy holidays ! as another carol begin , will wrap he arm around Charlotte and kiss she . he pull away , look deeply into she eye , and whisper with passionate sincerity -- will I love you , Charlotte . for a instant , she eye flare as though she be surprised . then she eye fill with tear . she try to speak but she be choke by a sob . she bury she face in he chest and cry . will smile with warm , almost paternal , indulgence . he stroke she hair . she hug he as though she will never let go . int . elysium -- night the restaurant be pack . John , overwhelm by the crowd wait for table , glance angrily away when he hear the phone ringing and no one answer it . int . elysium kitchen -- same amid the pandemonium , will watch as Charlotte tease henry , 30 , the young chef , as he lay the bett garnish on a fish entree . charlotte you call that a rise ? it look more like a hand grenade ! henry Mr. keane , you get she outta here or , I swear to God , I be gonna butterfly and stuff she ! will I will add it to the special list . charlotte ( laugh ) no way ! I be too pricey ! the door bang open . John enter , look angry -- charlotte hello , Sunshine ! JOHN you see celia ? will what 's the matter ? JOHN the matter be I get a half - hour wait and no help up front ! you get a call on two ! int . elysium office -- same will enter , pick up the phone , and hit a flash button -- will will keane . int . lisa' live room -- evening Lisa 's face be flushed with excitement -- lisa I have get he ! ext . will ' build -- morning a town car be park out front . Michael , the doorman , chat with the driver . lisa ( v.o. ) his name 's Tom grandy . Harvard undergrad . Columbia Medical School . he 's at the Cleveland Clinic . I know , I know . but do not laugh . it 's one of the best in the world . will exit the building and get into the car . ext . queen -- morning the town car speed down the expressway . lisa ( v.o. ) he do he residency at the brigham in Boston ... he cardiac surgery training at Cleveland . ext . LA guardia airport -- morning will walk quickly through the terminal . lisa ( v.o. ) he be so good they keep he on and within three year he be chief of the program . ext . cleveland clinic -- day will get out of a taxi and head inside -- lisa ( v.o. ) he travel a lot . spend lot of time lecture . I get you a appointment tomorrow at twelve-thirty . do not be late . he only have fifteen minute . int . cleveland clinic corridor -- day tom grandy , 35 , long -hair , small beard , loose - limb , wear scrub , saunter down the hall , wear a vaguely goofy smile . will watch he approach with some apprehension . lisa ( v.o. ) the surgeon that recommend he say , and this be he word not mine , " do not let he appearance fool you . he 's brilliant and have ball the size of you head . " int . grandy office -- same will listen to Dr. grandy who speak casually , more like a benign hippie than a renowned surgeon . Charlotte 's x-ray hang between they in a illuminate view box -- grandy listen , I be not gonna bullshit you . if she be a baby , she would have a decent chance , ' cause this sort of tumor can regress like crazy , but she 's twenty and ... I do not know , man ... I have never see anything like it . ( point at the X - ray ) I mean , look ! it 's wrap around she vital structure like a octopus ! ( sit ) you know , just once I would like to get send something simple . a " cabbage , " a valve replacement . even a good old - fashioned transplant . but it do not happen anymore . it 's the downside of be good at my job . will good ? they say there 's no one better . grandy I do not know . I be like most people . I do the best I can . will can you best save she ? grandy probably not . int . cleveland clinic corridor -- later grandy and will walk together -- grandy in this sort of case , it 's best if she sign a consent . will ( cover ) no problem . grandy good. ( stop at the main entrance ) the last time Charlotte pass out , she regain consciousness almost immediately . the next time or the time after , she will not . when that happen , call I . ( hand he a card ) here 's my service . they will reach I no matter where I be . in the meantime , I will coordinate with Dr. Sibley . will I can not thank you enough . grandy smile and pat he on the shoulder . grandy I have not do anything yet . int . will ' bedroom -- night will sit up , wear glass , read a book . Charlotte enter from the bathroom wear a flannel night shirt -- charlotte by the way -- where be you today ? will what do you mean ? charlotte when you call I assume you be at the restaurant , but when I call back later , Jesus say you have not be in all day . will I be in montclair , New Jersey . charlotte why ? will ( playfully vague ) a opportunity . charlotte oh , really ? sexual or professional ? will I be consider open a restaurant . but the rent be too high . he smile at she . and she smile back . int . will ' bedroom -- morning Charlotte lie asleep with she head on he chest . she open she eye . the room seem strange . it 's the light . she rise up and turn around . her eye narrow with curiosity . she crawl out of bed and run to the window and look out . she can not believe she eye . Central Park be blankete by deep snow and more be fall . she call out gaily -- charlotte hey ! how do you feel about Christmas ? will ( sleepily ) bah humbug ... she run back , laugh , and jump on the bed , roust he . music up : a sequence begins show Charlotte and will during a day of holiday shopping . the deep snow have slowed the city to a crawl but fill everyone with good spirit . Charlotte and will move from store to store ; they buy wreath , garland , ornament , candle , and , finally , a christmas tree and stand . will start to lug the tree , but when it 's obvious that it 's too much for he , Charlotte spot a group of kide spilling out of a record store . the next thing we know the kid be line up , carry the tree over they head like a battalion of ant . will and the kid load the tree into the freight elevator and squeeze in . there 's no room for Charlotte . she will take the lobby elevator . music out : int . lobby elevator -- afternoon Charlotte , carry shopping bag , ascend in silence with Michael . she have no interest in chat . he , as ever , do . michael will you and mister keane be goin ' away for the holiday ? charlotte I doubt it . michael I have see so little of America . I do not care for airplane , you see , and I have so little time to travel . ( beat ) do mister keane enjoy he trip then ? charlotte what trip ? michael why , just yesterday . charlotte I would not really call that a trip . michael perhaps not . but I have never be to Ohio myself . they say part of it be quite lovely . Charlotte go pale . the elevator stop and he open the door . int . will ' foyer -- continuous Charlotte step out right into the kid who be roughhouse and laugh . each hold a five- dollar bill -- michael ( call out ) all right , you little hellion ! get in here ! int . will ' live room -- moment later Charlotte wander in . the tree stand erect . will , on all four , tighten the screw on the stand . he crawl to he foot and study it . will straight ? then he see she grave expression and freeze . charlotte I think we have a deal . will I be sure we do . about what ? charlotte lying . ( beat ) you be in Ohio yesterday . will stare at she for a moment , then explain without apology -- will I meet with a heart specialist . he 's willing to operate . for a instant she be surprised , but then she indignation take over -- charlotte but you know I do not want that ! you know I have sign papers that -- will well , maybe I want it . charlotte it be not you decision ! will of course not , but if you will hear I out -- charlotte no ! I tell you right from the start how I feel and you go behind my back ! you lie and -- will ( explode ) oh , Christ , knock it off ! you be such a god damn saint , so above it all , but you be scared to death ! you do want to live ! and if you be as honest as you say you be you would let the doctor do whatever they can to help you ! her face shut like a trap . she walk toward the bedroom door -- charlotte I will not give people hope when there be not any . will why not ?! maybe we want hope ! or maybe we just need to know that we do everything we could ! maybe I need to know that ... if I be go to be able to live ... to go on without ... without -- suddenly , a sob catch in he throat . Charlotte , on she way to the bedroom , stop and slowly turn around . she speak matter - of - factly , without judgment or feel . charlotte now I know why you hurt so many woman . because you always know if you hold on to one of they , you would never let go . she turn and exit coldly to the bedroom . will sink into a armchair . int . will ' bedroom -- later in grey afternoon shadow , Charlotte lie on she side , fully clothed under the cover , with she eye open , think . she hear something and look back . will stand in the light doorway . she gesture for he to come . he walk over and lie down next to she . she turn she back to he , so that he 's spoon she , but she take hold of he hand , press it against she chest and squeezing it like a doll . for a long time , they lie in silence . finally , she murmur almost inaudibly -- charlotte when we meet , I be so lonely . but I do not even know it . I would be alone so long .. almost forever ... will so have I . charlotte but now we have each other . ( beginning to cry ) oh , what would I do , will ? what would I do if you be not here ? where would I be ? Fighting he emotion , determine to stay strong for she , he hold she close . will you do not ever have to worry about that . charlotte I will do whatever I have to ! I will tear up the papers ! whatever you want ! tell the doctor ! because ... I really do want ... I do not want to leave you ! the dam break and she be wrack by sob . will close he eye , hold she even tighter , and rock she in he arm . dissolve to : int . will ' bedroom -- that evening Charlotte , still fully clothed , lie sound asleep . she slowly awaken and see that will be go . she get up on one elbow -- charlotte will ?! she wait , hear hurried step , then will stick he head in -- will yeah ? charlotte how long be I asleep ? will a couple of hour . charlotte wow . and I be still tired . will that 's all right . relax . Charlotte sense something odd in he tone . her eye narrow with suspicion . charlotte what be you do in there ? will nothing . she laugh and start to get up -- charlotte liar ! will do not ! do not move ! just one more minute ! he close the door . int . will ' live room -- same will run back into the room . the tree be fully decorate now . he dash back and adjust some light along the base . charlotte's voice ( from the bedroom ) what be you do ?! he run over , insert the plug and the tree light up with little white light , but for the STAR at the top . charlotte's voice oh no ! you do not ! will you be just go to tire yourself out ! he grab a chair and fiddle with the bulb inside the star . charlotte's voice this I have gotta see ! will just hold on ! the STAR light up . he jump down and put the chair away . then he run over and dim the light -- will finish touch ! he run over and adjust a garland . he run back to the dimmer and adjust it again -- will almost ! he run back to the bedroom door and fling it open . will voila ! he look into the room and freeze in the doorway . he back up a step , then , cry out , lunge into the room . music up : ext . will ' build -- night Charlotte , lie unconscious on a stretcher , wear a oxygen mask , be rush into a wait ambulance . will , beside himself with panic , be gently bar by a medic from jump in with she . int . new haven hospital lecture hall -- night in the reflection of a project slide , a hand offer a cellular phone to Dr. grandy , stand at a lectern in front of a group of doctor . he stop he lecture and take the call . ext . manhattan STREET -- night the ambulance rush , light flash , siren wail , downtown . int . ST . vincent's hospital -- night Charlotte 's stretcher be rush into the emergency room at the same time that will ' cab pull up . ext . new haven hospital heliport -- night grandy be rush into a medical helicopter . int . coronary care unit waiting room -- night will look up and see dolore and Shannon arrive . ext . sky -- night grandy 's helicopter speed toward the City . int . coronary care unit waiting room -- night will comfort Shannon . dolore look up and see Simon stand in the doorway . then a coronary care nurse appear . she ask to speak to will . int . medical helicopter -- night grandy look out the window as the helicopter swoops down toward the light of lower Manhattan . int . coronary care unit pre - op -- night Charlotte lie , semi-conscious , on a gurney . will appear in the doorway with the nurse . ext . ST . vincent's hospital heliport -- night the helicopter land and grandy jump out . music out : int . coronary care unit pre - op -- night will sit down next to Charlotte 's bed . he touch she hand . her eye open then close again . her breathe be heavy and labor . will push a lock of hair off she brow , then whisper , half to himself -- will time can not break the bird 's wing from the bird . Bird and wing together go down , one feather . no thing that ever fly , not the lark , not you , can die as other do . Charlotte 's eye open dreamily . she show a faint smile at the poem and murmur almost inaudibly -- charlotte what have I do to you ? will ruine I for other woman . charlotte no ... I save you for they ... her eye close . will take she hand and press it to he cheek . male voice be she type and ' cross for six unit ?! nurse's voice yes , Doctor . will turn around and see grandy stand in the doorway . grandy what be we wait for ? pre -op nurse just you , Doctor ! grandy then let 's move ! the nurse rush over to the gurney and in a instant Charlotte be go -- wheeled with a bang through swinging door into the operate room corridor . music up : int . coronary care unit waiting room -- night everyone be there now -- John , Sarah , celia , Simon , dolore , and Shannon . will enter silently . he walk to the new arrival and greet each one with a embrace . int . coronary care operating room -- night Charlotte lie on the table . grandy 's eye , visible above he mask , be fiercely focus on he work . int . coronary care unit waiting room -- night Shannon lie with she head in Sarah 's lap . dolore , ignore the sign , smoke a cigarette . John and celia sit side - by-side in silence . will stand at the window . he look over and see Simon stand close by . Simon look at he , he eye sad but eerily calm . will shake he head -- will it happen so quickly . we would just talk about the surgery . she agree to it . but I think there would be time . simon I have have friend who be not expect to last till morning who live another seven year . another run a marathon and die the next weekend . it 's all so terribly random the way life actually work . I take nothing for grant . a light enter will ' eye . he smile as he remember -- will you know , it 's funny , the first time I see she , I -- but then will hear something . he turn and there 's grandy at the end of the long hall , walk toward the wait room . Simon look and see he , too . will look at Simon with alarm . it 's impossible . how could grandy be finish so soon ? will look back at grandy . slow-motion grandy move with long stride down the corridor . one by one , as they notice , Charlotte 's love one react to the sight of grandy . Shannon rise from Sarah 's lap , look at the doctor , then cover she face with she fist , hold she breath . dolore crush out she cigarette , she expression fall . celia touch John 's back as he rise and walk over to will . Simon 's face turn to stone . John reach for will , but will advance a few step toward the corridor , almost defiantly , he eye rivete to grandy . grandy 's head be down . then , ever so slowly , grandy lift he head and in one decisive move yank off he surgical mask and throws it against the wall . close on will ' face as he realize . his mouth open wide as though to cry out , but no sound come . int . will ' live room -- dawn will stand in the center of the room wear he overcoat . he be pale , exhaust , he face expressionless . John stand , also wear he coat , in the hall archway , unsure whether he should stay or leave . will look at the Christmas tree , whose light still burn . he slowly walk over and pull the cord from the wall . the light go out . fade to black : fade in : ext . central park -- spring afternoon a couple walk down the same walkway . they be deep in subdued conversation . all around they spring be in full glory . melted snow . tree explode with green . bird sing . the man be will keane , but he have markedly change . his dress be not so impeccable , he hair have go grey at the temple . his face , though still beautiful , have gracefully turn the corner into middle age . walk at he side be he daughter , Lisa , now well along in she pregnancy -- lisa actually , to be honest , Peter 's more than a little freak . I mean , how could he not be ? he 's twenty - six . his first child . a baby girl , no less . nothing really prepare you for it . will I guess not . lisa he say it 's the first time since we get marry that he 's actually realize what marriage be . that it 's forever . that he can not just pick up and run away to Nepal or something if we have a fight . that he 's part of the cycle of thing now . that he 's gonna die some day . that it 's the next generation 's turn to take the stage . ext . another central park walkway -- later will and Lisa walk together in silence , enjoy the perfect afternoon . then Lisa smile crookedly and slap he shoulder -- lisa so what about you , Mr. keane ? you ready to be a grandpa ? will look over at the spot where he first see Charlotte . he smile with wistful confidence then , a little awkwardly , put he arm around he daughter . she be surprised at first . but then slowly , trustingly , she rest she head on he shoulder . and they walk . fade out : the end