avatar written by James cameron the SOUND of drum , from a great distance , grow louder . fade in : we be flying through mist , a dimly glimpse forest below . voice ( v.o. ) when I be lie there in the VA hospital , with a big hole blow through the middle of my life , I start have this dream of fly . we be very low over the forest now , glide fast , the drum build to a peak -- voice ( v.o. ) sooner or later though , you always have to wake up ... CUT to : ext . CITY - night a screech of brake as a vehicle wipe frame , revealing -- jake sully , a scar and scruffy combat vet , sit in a beat up carbon - fiber wheelchair . at 22 , he eye be harden by the wisdom and wariness of one who have endure pain beyond he year . Jake stare upward at the level of the city . maglev train whoosh overhead on elevate track , against a sky of garish advertize . jake ( v.o. ) they can fix a spinal , if you have get the money . but not on vet benefit , not in this economy . the traffic light change and Jake push forward with the crowd , pump the wheel of he chair . most of the people wear filter mask to protect they from the toxic air . in a long lens stack it be a march torrent of anonymous , isolate soul . int . jake' apartment - night the room be a tiny cubicle , prison cell meet 747 bathroom . narrow cot , wall - screen dron away in the b.g . -- perky newscaster the Bengal tiger , extinct for over a century , be make a comeback . this clone tiger cub at the Beijing Zoo be ... 2 . Jake laboriously pull he pants off -- rock to one side , push the fabric down past he hip , then rock to the other , and so on . his leg be white and atrophy . utterly useless . but he arm be tattooe and powerfully muscle . a " bear loser " tattoo prominent on he shoulder . jake ( v.o. ) I become a Marine for the hardship . to be hammer on the anvil of life . I tell myself I could pass any test a man can pass . Jake struggle with he pants a long time . CUT to : int . rowdy bar -- night not the kind of place you would bring you mom . we find Jake near the pool table , balancing he chair , front wheel off the ground , while hold a tequila shot on he forehead . onlooker , include some other disabled vet , clap and whoop . Jake grab the glass , slam down the shot as they cheer . a wall - size screen fill with the World Cup game -- man running on antelope leg . cu jake , watch what he can not have . expression stony . jake ( v.o. ) let 's get it straight up front . I do not want you pity . I know the world 's a cold - ass bitch . Jake 's eye shift -- he Pov , see the bar through gap in the crowd . a man on a barstool slap the woman he 's with . hard . she cower but he 's get she arm , shouting , raise he fist . a eternal tableau . people look away . cu jake -- not look away . jake ( v.o. ) you want a fair deal , you be on the wrong planet . the strong prey on the weak . tight on jake' hand as he start push the wheel of he chair . tracking with he as he roll forward . 3. jake ( v.o. ) it 's just the way thing be . and nobody do a damn thing . Jake stop , unnotice , next to the bully man . he lean down and grab one leg of the man 's barstool -- and yank . the chair flip . the guy go down hard and -- jake hurl himself from the wheelchair , toppling on the guy , get a grip on he like a pit bull and punching the crap out of he , right there on the floor . the bouncer jump in , try to drag he off and it go into slow motion , everybody yell and pull ... jake ( v.o. ) all I ever want in my sorry - ass life be a single thing worth fight for . CUT to : ext . alley behind bar -- night the bouncer hurl Jake out the door , send he sprawling on the pavement . a moment later , he chair crash down on he , bang across the alley , landing in the trash . Jake struggle to rise on one elbow . he 's bleed and bruise , but still craze and ready to fight . jake I hope you realize you have just lose a customer ! he collapse onto he back , panting . jake ( to himself ) candy ass bitch . he stare upwards at the level of the city . magtrain roar overhead . it start to rain . he just lie there , blink -- then shout jauntily to no one in particular -- jake if it be not rainin ' we be not trainin ' ! camera pull back high and wide , as Jake lie spread - eagle amongst the trash , get drench . two long shadow enter frame , come to rest across he . 4. Jake see two pair of shiny shoe stop next to he . he squint up at -- two men . match suit . they feature unremarkable and blandly threaten in the way of FBI agent and auditor . agent 1 be you Jake sully ? jake step off . you be ruinin ' my good mood . agent 2 it 's about you brother . CUT to : int . municipal crematorium - night down-angle on a large rectangular cardboard box . hand enter frame , pull open the top to reveal a dead man' face . he look exactly like a clean-shaven version of Jake . his identical twin -- tommy . jake ( v.o. ) the strong prey on the weak . a guy with a knife take all Tommy would ever be , for the paper in he wallet . wider , show Jake and the two agent in a high tech crematorium -- a row of stainless steel furnace . Jake stare down at he own face . jake Jesus , Tommy . jake ( v.o. ) the suit ' concern be touch . agent 1 you brother represent a significant investment . we would like to talk to you about take over he contract . the attendant close the box and seal it with a tape dispenser , like it 's a package for shipping . the cardboard coffin be roll into the furnace . jake ( v.o. ) the egghead and the jarhead . Tommy be the scientist , not I . he be the one who want to get shot light year out into space to find the answer . 5 . pushing in on jake as he watch , bath in orange light . jake ( v.o. ) I -- I be just another dumb grunt gettin ' send someplace I be gonna regret . inside the furnace the burner quickly eat away the cardboard ; tommy' face be , for a moment , wreathe in flame but not touch by it , as we -- dissolve to : jake' face , in icy darkness . close on he eye -- they OPEN suddenly , and he take a sharp breath . jake' Pov -- the inside of a metal coffin . a servo whine and we be move , emerge into a large chamber -- int . cryo vault jake' Pov -- a tech in medical scrub float weightlessly toward we . wherever we be , we be not on Earth . Jake squint as the light flicker on , revealing -- wide shot -- the multi-tier cryo vault . hundred of cryo - capsule be open like morgue drawer , as mo tech pull themselves about in zero - G , tend to they patient . jake ( a hoarse whisper ) be we there ? mo tech we be there , Sunshine . time CUT -- score of people emerge from they cryo-capsule in zero - G . pale spirit of the dead rise from row of open coffin . the mo tech float among they , use he announcement voice . mo tech people , you have be in cryo for five year , nine month and twenty two day . you will be hungry , you will be weak . if you feel nausea , please use the sack provide for you convenience . the staff thanks you in advance . 6 . following jake as he push away from he capsule , glide to the locker across the aisle , he paralyze leg not a impediment in weightlessness . CUT to : ext . space against the cold infinity of star glide a interstellar spacecraft -- isv venture STAR . as it move past like a endless train , we realize this thing be enormous -- over half a mile long . pan with it 180 to reveal -- a gas - giant planet call polyphemus , ringed with dozen of moon which cast beauty - mark shadow on its vast face . the isv diminish away from we toward the large moon -- a blue and surprisingly Earth -like world call pandora . the ship dwindle to a speck against the blue moon . CUT to : ext . pandora orbit isv venture Star drift above a spectacular vista -- the sapphire seas and unfamiliar continent of pandora . close on isv -- two massive " valkyrie " shuttle be mate to a docking node . one of they separate from the starship and move away , its thruster firing in short burst . as the shuttle move away , descend toward pandora , we hear the sound of drum , building , louder and louder until we -- CUT to : ext . rainforest - twilight flying over a landscape of massive cliff and tower mesa carpete in rainforest . great scarve of cloud swirl around the mesa top . a primeval landscape , vast and forbid . the tree be alien , the color too cyan . there be waterfall , river , and distant flock of winged creature . suddenly the carpet of virgin rainforest give way to -- a OPEN - pit mine . a lifeless crater -- as if a giant cookie- cutter take a chunk out of the world . down among the terrace be excavator and truck the size of three story building . and beyond the mine be the human colony -- 7. ext . hell gate - twilight hell gate be a cluster of squat concrete and steel structure surround by chain - link fence 10 meter high , top with razor wire . at the corner be tower with automated sentry gun swiveling on servo mount . visible beyond the gun tower , the valkyrie shuttle roar in across the treetop . vectore nozzle change angle , bring the ship to a slow hover . ext . rain forest - twilight through a screen of jungle canopy , we see the valkyrie thunder overhead . camera tilt with it until leave block the view . a blue inhuman hand reach into shot , parting the foliage to reveal the shuttle hover - taxiing across the compound . reverse -- ecu of two intense , cat - like golden eye watch . int . / ext . shuttle the crew chief stomp down the aisle yell -- crew chief exopack on ! passenger don they exo - pack breathe gear with practice move . everybody except jake , who 's turn he this way and that try to figure out the strap . crew chief remember people , you lose you mask you be unconscious in 20 second and you be dead in four minute . let 's nobody be dead today , it look bad on my report . the crew chief stop by Jake long enough to bark -- crew chief exopack on , let 's go ! beneath the shuttle air blast outward for a hundred meter radius as it settles onto its landing gear . inside everybody be queue up in the aisle , with duffle ready . row of tense , expectant face in breathe mask -- and we dip down to find Jake , wheelchair put he at the level of everyone else 's waist . 8. the cargo ramp open with a hydraulic whine . crew chief go directly into the base ! do not stop ! go straight inside ! hand - held , run with the arrive colonist who double time down the ramp . they jog across the expose apron toward a walkway cover in chainlink which lead to the complex . Inside the chain -link tunnel be a couple of SEC -op troopers , corporal lyle wainfleet and private fike . sec- ops be the colony 's private security force . this guy be laid back , harden , and haggard . wainfleet look at all that new meat . there Pov -- Jake roll down the ramp . fike check it out , man . meal on wheel . wainfleet that be just wrong . Jake , pump he chair , look around as -- a huge tractor , taller than a house , roar past on muddy wheel . he notice something stick in the tire -- arrow . the neolithic weapon be jarring amid all the advanced technology . Beyond the tractor , two vtol vehicle take off . armore and heavily armed , they be at - 99 " scorpion " gunship . mitsubishi mk-6 ampsuit -- human operate walk machine 4 meter tall -- patrol the perimeter . they be heavily armored , and armed with a huge rotary cannon call a gau - 90 . Beyond the outer fence stand a black wall of forest hundred of foot high . a sentry gun open FIRE from a tower . tracers light up the twilight . a shadowy shape shriek and drop off the fence . it be a armed camp in a state of siege . wainfleet and fike give Jake and he chair the hairy eyeball as he approach . jake what be you two limpdick starin ' at ? as Jake roll past , something swoops down behind he and -- 9 . k-krash ! smashes against the chain -link right next to he head . a vicious aerial predator a meter across gnashes glass fang against the steel . it stab at he through the chain link with a tail end in a glisten stiletto . a stingbat . wainfleet casually blast it with he pistol . it drop off the fence , tail still lash . wainfleet see a lotta guy leave this place in a wheelchair . never see anybody show up in one . Jake stare at the gnash fang of the die alien . on a walkway of the ops CENTER , see from above , a uniformed figure grip the railing , watch Jake pump he chair through the tunnel below . the hair be clipped short . the scalp be etched by long parallel scar where some pandoran denizen 's claw rake across it . the bare arm , below tightly roll sleeve , seem hewn out of some hard tropical wood . criss - cross by scar . the man raise he mask face to look at the sky . he eye be a icy steel gray . he Pov -- the mighty polyphemus seem to fill the sky , beyond the cloud . man ( v.o. ) you be not in Kansas any more ... CUT to : int . commissary - twilight the man from the balcony -- colonel mile quaritch -- be the head of security for the Hell 's Gate colony . a hundred new arrival watch raptly as he pace like a panther across the front of the large cafeteria . he stop , stance wide . without he mask , we see that quaritch 's feature be rugge and handsome , except for the scar , which run from scalp to jaw down one side of he face . on one hip he carry a very large pistol . quaritch ... you be on pandora , lady and gentleman . respect that fact every second of every day . 10 . jake roll in , watch from the back . colonel quaritch raise he hand and point out the window , toward the dark treeline . quaritch out beyond that fence every live thing that crawl , fly or squat in the mud want to kill you and eat you eye for jujubee . the room get very quiet . quaritch we have a indigenous population of humanoid here call the na'vi . they be fond of arrow dip in a neurotoxin which can stop you heart in one minute . we operate -- we live -- at a constant threat condition yellow . pan across the solid face of miner , cat -machine driver , engineer , geologist , as they take that in . quaritch as head of security , it 's my job to keep you alive . I will not succeed -- ( pause for effect ) -- not with all of you . if you wish to survive , you need a strong mental attitude , you need to follow procedure ... push in on jake , watch as the briefing continue . jake ( v.o. ) nothing like a old - school safety brief to put you mind at ease . CUT to : int . corridor people be roam in both direction , look for room , lug duffel and case . a eager young xenoanthropologist , staggering under a overpack duffel , run to catch up to Jake . norm hey , you be Jake right ? Tom 's brother ? you look just like he . ( off Jake 's wary look ) sorry , I be norm spellman , I go through avatar training with he . 11 . norm offer he hand and Jake shake it . norm he be a great guy -- funny . it be a big shock to all of we . jake yeah . Jake pump the wheel of he chair , roll on . norm walk with he . norm and duh ! -- obviously you look like he . I mean , if you be not genetically identical , you would not be take over he avatar . jake that 's why I be here . norm so -- you want to go check it out ? CUT to : int . bio - lab - day jake and norm enter the bio - lab -- a large lab complex with many adjoin room . max I and norm be out here to drive this remotely control body call avatar . they be grow from human DNA mix with DNA from the native here . a scientist , doctor max cullimore , be supervise the uncrate of two shipping container . the nearer have the side remove , revealing -- a ceiling - height acrylic tank . norm stop to stare , and Jake roll past he as if draw by some unseen force , toward -- the amnio tank . there be a figure float lanquidly inside , which look like a man . a very large , very blue , man . blood circulate through a synthetic umbilical in the abdomen . as the figure turn in the amniotic fluid , we see that it have a lemur-like tail . the skin be cyan-blue . Long black hair drift , graceful as seaweed . jake damn . they get big . 12 . norm yeah , they mature on the trip out . ( to Max ) so the proprioceptive sim work pretty well . max yeah , they have get great muscle tone . give we a few hour , you guy can take they for a spin . the figure be sleep face turn toward we , and the feature be -- despite feline ear and a long feral snout -- definitely jake be . jake it look like he . norm no , it look like you . this be you avatar now , Jake . on jake , mesmerize as he stare into the tank . jake ( v.o. ) the idea be -- every driver be match to he own avatar -- stereocam video shot of jake -- face the camera , talk directly to the lens . jake' voice - over up until now have be part of this videolog . jake -- so they nervous system be in tune . or something . which be why they offer I this gig , because I can link with Tommy 's avatar , which be insanely expensive . ( look off camera ) be this right ? I just say whatever in this videolog ? wider , show norm work nearby with Max . norm yeah . you just need to get in the habit of document everything -- what you see , what you feel -- it 's all part of the science . good science start with good observation . 13 . jake right. ( to camera ) so , whatever . here I be . do science . ( look around ) never be in a lab before . max log off . it 's time to meet you boss for the next five year . he lead Jake and norm through the short corridor to the -- CUT to : int . link room - dusk the link room contain a dozen psionic link unit , which look like coffin cross with mri scanner . norm Grace Augustine be a legend . she 's the head of the avatar Program , and she write the book -- I mean literally write the book -- on pandoran botany . max ( low , over he shoulder ) that 's because she like plant better than people . dr . grace augustine sit up in she link , stretch and crack she neck after a long session . she 's fifty , with a strong face and fiercely intelligent eye . grace ( yelling ) who 's get my goddamn cigarette ?! a tech scurries to bring it to she , already light . around here they jump when Grace bark . Grace stand , scowling , as Jake , norm and Max approach . max and here she be , cinderella back from the ball . Grace , I would like you to meet norm spellman and ja -- grace norm . I hear good thing about you . how 's you na 'vi ? 14 . norm ( na 'vi , subtitle ) May the all mother smile upon we first meeting . Grace nod approvingly , take a drag on she cigarette . grace ( subtitled ) not bad . you sound a little formal . norm ( subtitled ) there be still much to learn . Jake wait while they ignore he , chatter in fluent na 'vi . max uh , Grace , this be Jake S ---- grace ( turn to Jake ) yeah , yeah , I know who you be , and I do not need you . I need you brother . ( to Max ) you know -- the phd who train three year for this mission . jake he 's dead . I know it 's a big inconvenience to everyone . grace how much lab training have you have ? ever run a gas chromatograph ? jake no. grace any actual lab work at all ? jake High school chemistry . but I ditch . Grace wheel on Max . grace you see ? you see ? they be pissing on we without even the courtesy of call it rain . ( turn away ) I be go to selfridge . 15 . she shove past Jake . max Grace , that 's not a good idea . but she 's already out the door and clomping down the corridor . Max turn to Jake with a pain look . max here , tomorrow , oh eight hundred . try to use big word . CUT to : int . ops CENTER - dusk it look like a air-traffic control tower , with lot of screen and bay window show the whole complex . administrator parker selfridge take a ball from a newly open case of titleist and set it on the floor . selfridge be young , charismatic , focus . some would say ruthless . he assume the stance and line up he putt , toward a practice cup across the control room floor . he glance up as Grace stride toward he . grace parker , I use to think it be benign neglect , but now I see you be intentionally screwing we . selfridge Grace . you know I enjoy we little talk . grace I need a research assistant , not some jarhead dropout . selfridge look down and hit the ball . Grace kick the practice cup aside , and the ball roll past . selfridge look at she with a sigh . selfridge actually , we get lucky with he . grace lucky ? how be this in any way lucky ? as selfridge saunter over to retrieve the ball -- 16 . selfridge well -- lucky you guy have a twin brother , and lucky the brother be not a oral hygienist or something . a Marine we can use . I be assign he to you team as security escort . grace the last thing I need be another trigger happy asshole out there ! selfridge look , you be suppose to be win the heart and mind of the native . be not that the whole point of you little puppet show ? if you look like they , if you talk like they , they will trust you ? selfridge cross to he office , behind a glass wall nearby . Grace follow . selfridge but after -- how many year ? -- relation with the indigenous be only get worse . grace that tend to happen when you use machine gun on they . on selfridge 's desk be a magnetic base , and hover in mid - air , in the invisible field , be a lump of metallic rock . pure unobtanium . he grab it and hold it up between thumb and forefinger , in front of Grace 's eye . selfridge this be why we be here . unobtanium . because this little gray rock sell for twenty million a kilo . no other reason . this be what pay for the party . and it 's what pay for you science . comprendo ? he place it back in the magnetic field . selfridge that savage be threaten we whole operation . we be on the brink of war and you be suppose to be find a diplomatic solution . so use what you have get and get I some result . CUT to : 17 . int . link room - day next morning , grace , norm and jake approach they link unit . Jake glance through a pressure window . in a adjoin chamber ( the ambient room ) jake' avatar lie on a gurney , breathe slowly in pandoran AIR . norm avatar be on a second gurney . both be attend by mo tech in exo-mask . norm slip into he link chair , expertly don biometric sensor . grace how much link time have you logge ? norm five hundred and twenty hour . Grace look pointedly at Jake . jake like -- a hour . grace tell I you be joke . Grace open the hood of Jake 's link unit . Jake start haul himself across from he wheelchair . she reach to help he but -- jake do not ! I get this . Grace step back , hand raise . he drag himself into the unit . grace so you just figure you would come out here to the most hostile environment know to man , with no training of any kind , and see how it go ? what be go through you head ? he meet she eye with a defiant glare . jake maybe I be just tired of doctor tell I what I could not do . Grace watch he laboriously pull he inert leg into the link chair by hand . 18. Jake settles into the warm fluid gel pack lining the unit . it seem to enfold he . Grace adjust he biometric sensor , then lower the upper clamshell -- grace relax and let you mind go blank . that should not be hard for you . jake kiss the darkest part of my lily white -- but the slamming hood muffle the rest . max initiate link . the link tech touch some control . on a large monitor a 3d scan of Jake 's brain appear . region of activity flow with complex shifting color . max that 's a gorgeous brain . Nice activity . grace go figure . ( walk away ) alright , I be go in . tech phase - lock at forty percent . he 's in transition . Max watch a display show the avatar 's nervous system align with Jake 's -- two ghostly network of light merge . max that 's it . find you way home . ecu jake , inside the link unit . his eye move under the lid , like a dreamer in rem sleep as -- inside jake' mind -- radiant streamer coalesce into a pulsing tunnel of light and -- the screen flare white -- zzzwhap ! -- resolve into a overexpose , out - of - focus image -- two blurry face wear mask , look down . ecu jake' avatar -- two very intense eye fill frame , the pupil contracting . Golden irise pulse with life . 19 . max he 's in . tech phase -lock ninety nine percent . the link be stable . blink , Jake slowly sit up on the gurney . he look down at he avatar body , touch he chest with one hand . max take it slow , Jake . we need to check you motor control . try touch you fingertip together -- but Jake be not listen . he 's stare at he leg . he ease they off the gurney and -- he blue feet touch the concrete floor , take he weight . jake stand , feel the strength in he leg . his expression be child - like with wonder . he Pov -- look down at the mo tech , who seem the size of child next to he 9 ' tall frame . he see something like a blue tentacle curl across he arm and he jerk around in alarm . he tail . as he turn to see it , the tail sweep instrument off a table with a crash . Jake laugh and grin at Max . mo tech easy , Jake , I need you to sit down -- but Jake take a step , then another . the wire to the bio - monitor pull taut , and he yank they off he chest . max Jake ! wait , we have to run some test -- but Jake push past the protest mo tech , toward the door and -- ext . avatar compound - day Jake emerge , blink in the morning sun . he find himself in the avatar compound -- a live and training area . nearby , a couple of avatar be play one - on- one in front of a ( non-regulation height ) basketball net . other go about they daily activity around the compound . 20 . Jake flexe he leg -- jump -- and land a little unsteadily , but he expression be joyful . he take a few step and break into a run . people be call to he , somehwere , but he do not hear they -- he 's run . running ! he find himself in the compound garden , and stop amid neatly tend row of alien plant . he look down , wiggling he toe in the warm soil . then inhale deeply -- revelling in the alien smell -- earth , plant , the nearby forest . he look at he bare footprint in the soil of a alien world . grace ( o.s. ) hey Marine ! Jake turn at the familiar voice to see -- a statuesque female avatar walk toward he . avatar grace be magnificent , with panther thigh , flat muscular stomach and firm athlete 's breast . she wear short and a T-shirt . in human year she would be about 35 . jake Grace ? grace well who would you expect , numbnut ? think fast ! she throw he a piece of pandoran fruit , which he catch . grace motor control be look good . Jake bite into the fruit , the juice run down he chin . norm ( o.s. ) hey , check it out . Jake turn to see norm avatar pose like a bodybuilder -- chest shot , back shot , bi 's . norm I be a live god . CUT to : ext . mine pit - day a wide shot of the terrace crater of the unobtanium mine . a quiet beat , then -- 21 . k-whoooom ! the entire face of one terrace be blow skyward in a chain of explosion . the " shot " blast hundred of ton of rock loose . long lens angle of enormous wheel -loader shovel up ore - rich rock and drop it into dump truck . ext . rainforest - day a wall of steel fill frame . the dozer blade crush everything in its path , reduce tree to kindling . wider , show the clear -cutting operation near the mine , as a road be cut through the jungle . remotely operate dozer three storey tall rip into the tree-line . one of the dozer have rotate slash - cutter , a vicious spin head , mount on a hydraulic arm , that hog through the enormous tree trunk in a spray of wood - shrapnel . the heavy machine be escort by ampsuit . colonel quaritch , on foot , lead a squad of trooper wear breathe mask and carry almighty big automatic weapon . a banshee -- a fearsome aerial predator -- hurtle from above , diving toward they on wing 3 meter across . we get a glimpse of glassy fang before -- p-p-poom ! quaritch crank off three rapid shot with he massive sidearm , and the creature drop with a shriek . it crash near they and quaritch fire two more well place round . the newby stare at the thing 's barracuda tooth . quaritch for you pogue , this be a banshee . a small one . see , they like it when I bring fresh meat out here . and this clearcutte really stir up the hornet 's nest . so keep you head on a swivel . if it move , shoot it . if you be not sure it 's move -- shoot it ! if it look like a bunch of flower you want to take home to Sally rottencrotch -- shoot it ! what be you gonna do ? troopers shoot it , sir ! quaritch outstanding . let 's roll . 22. quaritch lead he squad into the gloom of the forest , he eye scan . flanking the squad , lyle wainfleet drive a ampsuit , he massive foot crashing through the underbrush . as he gaze come down , he see something ahead of he on the trail -- a intricate totem of woven stick , bone and feather hang across the trail like a orb-weaver 's web . he tear it down with the barrel of he rifle , and stomp it into the mud as he move on . int . avatar longhouse - dusk Jake sit on a wooden bed in a long hut of tropical - style construction -- beam ceiling , open side cover by screen . around he the other avatar be bedding down for the night , pull insect netting around they cot . in one hand , Jake hold the end of he long braid queue of hair . close on the queue -- the end of the hair writhe slowly with they own life , like tendril of a sea creature . jake that 's kinda freaky . grace switch off the overhead . grace light out amigo . see ya ' at dinner . Jake sit in the twilight , listen to the screech and hoot from the forest . finally he lie down , close he eye and -- int . link room - night ecu human jake -- he eye OPEN . Jake blink , disorient , as Max open the upper clamshell of he link unit . in the next chair Grace sit up , yawn and crack she neck as the scared tech run to she with a light cigarette . grace ( look down ) damn . same old sack a ' bone . jake struggle with the dead weight of he leg as he haul himself out of the unit . CUT to 23. int . commissary - early morning jake sit with grace , norm and the other avatar " driver " , while around they miner , trooper and other base personnel wolf they breakfast . Grace be engage in a heat conversation with another scientist . Jake , isolate from the conversation around he , notice -- pilot trudy chacon approach , dress in she flight suit . she 's a rock -hard former Marine with thousand of flight hour out in the badland . trudy sully -- Colonel want to see you in the armor Bay . Jake give norm a puzzle glance and pivot from the table . he wheel away , lead by trudy . tight on grace , scowling as she watch he go . CUT to : int . armor BAY - morning jake and trudy enter the armor BAY , pass tilt -rotor under repair . there be the heavily armed scorpion as well as several sa-2 samson work - horse outfit with door gun and rocket pod . jake you guy be pack some heavy ordinance . trudy yeah , `cause we be not the only thing flyin ' around out there . or the biggest . I be gonna need you on a door gun , I be a man short . jake yeah , no problem . she extend she fist and he tap it with he . trudy see ya on the flight - line , zero nine . ( she point ) he 's down there . Jake roll he chair along the central gallery of the armor Bay , pass row of ampsuit stand in service rack . tech clamber over the `suit , load ordinance with crane and lift . 24 . at the end of the row be a makeshift gym area . quaritch be bench - press massive plate . quaritch this low gravity make you soft . ( push the last rep ) you get soft , pandora will shit you out dead with zero warning . quaritch rack the bar and sit up , sweat but not wind . quaritch I pull you record , corporal . Venezuela -- that be some mean bush . nothing like this here , though . you get heart kid , come out here . jake I figure -- just another hellhole . quaritch chuckle appreciatively , clap he on the shoulder . the chief mechanic yell from the nearest ampsuit -- mechanic that servo 's in , Colonel , if you want to try it . quaritch cross to the `suit , with Jake follow . quaritch I be in first recon a few year ahead of you . more than a few . two tour in Nigeria , not a scratch . I come out here and -- he point to he scar face . quaritch they could fix this if I rotate back . but you know what ? I kinda like it . remind I every day what 's out there . besides , I can not leave -- he look out , as if he can see through the wall to the tree - line . quaritch this be my war , here . quaritch climb the `suit and reach into the cockpit , throw some switch . the `suit 's gas-turbine spool up with a rise whine . 25 . quaritch the avatar program be a joke -- buncha limpdick scientist . but we have a unique opportunity here , you and I . a recon Marine in a avatar body could get I the intel I need , on the ground , right in the hostile ' camp . the whine be now a roaring whoosh as the `suit tremble with power . the air boil above the exhaust vent . quaritch reach in and operate the control , flex one huge hand . he nod to the wait mechanic -- quaritch look good . ( to Jake ) I need you to learn about this savage , gain they trust . find out how I can force they cooperation , or hit `em hard if they do not . maybe you can keep some of my boy from go home like you . or bag - and -tagge . jake ( nodding ) that sound real good , Colonel . so -- be I still with Augustine ? quaritch on paper . you walk like one of she science puke , you quack like one , but you report to I . can you do that for I ? Jake nod . quaritch bring the `suit to life . he step forward and pivot smoothly . he balance the two ton machine on one foot while sweeping the arm in strong , graceful arc . Jake realize he be do a wu-shoo kata . a flawless display of strength and control . he 's impressive , and Jake be impressed . quaritch be the kind of man he respects -- focus , hard . determined . quaritch look , son -- I take care of my own . get I what I need , I will see you get you leg back when you rotate home . you real leg . he raise the `suit 's hand , and slam the canopy shut like the visor of a helmet . Jake watch quaritch walk past , huge foot clanging -- kung ! kung ! kung ! 26 . int . bio lab - day grace be on the move , gulp coffee , in a hurry to get they first sortie start . she hand a clipboard to max . grace start calibrate . we be on the flight line in ten minute . Max nod and jog ahead toward the link room . jake and norm fall in with Grace as they enter the connecting corridor . grace what do atilla want ? jake just Marines comparin ' tattoo . grace ( not buy it ) yeah . well , listen to I , Marine -- she stop , turn to drill he with a look . grace -- you be drive a avatar , now . that mean you be in my world , get it ? jake get it . she turn and enter the link room . int . link room Grace cross to the control of Jake 's link unit . as the other catch up -- grace that son of a bitch have screw up this program enough . all this -- ( indicate link room ) -- exist so we can go out there and build a bridge of trust to this people , who could teach we so much . but thanks to quaritch and he thug the na 'vi will not even talk to we anymore . jake then how 's this suppose to work ? 27 . grace we have a new face . ( turn to norm ) you be fluent , you have study the culture . you be non-threatening . the one we know best -- the omaticaya clan -- may give you a chance . maybe you can get they back to the table before thing go tit - up for good . norm this be fail as a pep talk . Jake haul himself across from wheelchair to link . jake how do we contact they ? grace we do not . they contact we . if they see we take we sample , treat the forest with respect -- ( pointedly to Jake ) not trample everything in sight -- they may reach out to we . jake or they may skin we and make a drum . Jake lie back , lowering the sensor array over he body . grace just keep you mouth shut and let norm do the talk . she close he clamshell , hard , and we -- CUT to : ext . rain forest / aerial - day flying over a carpet of rainforest , past sheer cliff and cloud-wreathed mesa . trudy's samson tilt -rotor chase its shadow across the treetop . though big as a blackhawk , it be tiny in the vast primeval landscape . angle through the open side door of the samson . trooper wainfleet , in exo-mask and body armor , lean on he door gun , scan for aerial predator . in avatar form jake , grace and norm watch the forest unrol beneath they , the wind blast they clothes . Jake man the other door gun , he foot propped on the skid . 28 . trudy fly from a pressurize cockpit . she bank to follow a shallow river . trudy ( intercom ) sturmbeest herd , one o'clock . norm grin and point , excitedly . Jake look in time to see -- a herd of sturmbeest -- massive six - legge creature reminiscent of buffalo -- thunder across the river . grace look like a bull , six cow and some juvenile . norm the bull have the red on the dorsal armor ? Grace nod approvingly . time CUT -- hundred of purple winge creature take flight from a lake , startle by the samson . they skim the water above they own reflection . tetrapteron . time CUT -- the ground drop away as the samson fly over a waterfall hundred of foot high . trudy bank hard , roll in on the gorge below like it 's a gun-run . wainfleet whoops while norm look like he 's about to puke . wainfleet yo chacon ! get some ! Jake grin into the airstream . CUT to : ext . clearing - day a small meadow among tower tree . the fern- like " grass " be beat down in wave by the rotor - wash as the samson settles to the ground . Jake pull the massive door gun off its pintle mount and heft it like a assault rifle . he and wainfleet leap out to secure the lz , scan the tree - line warily , weapon aim . Grace jog forward to the cockpit , motion trudy to shut down . trudy kill the samson 's turbine . Grace , tower over wainfleet , motion he to hang back . 29 . grace stay with the ship . ( for Jake ) one idiot with a gun 's enough . wainfleet whatever you say , Doc . Jake take point as they enter the jungle . wainfleet ( laughing ) ya will have fun out there . ext . rainforest - day the forest engulf jake , grace and norm in cyan gloom . the shadow be alive with the chitter sound of unseen alien wildlife . tracking with jake as he move through the foliage , hyper - alert -- look around like a tourist in Hell . a monkey - like prolemuris leaping from limb to limb overhead , flash through the sunlight stream down in shaft . a plant with sway tendril which reach toward Jake as he pass . this forest be more alive than any on Earth , with plant that react and move like animal . Jake white - knuckle he rifle as if every shadow conceal razor - fange death . grace relax , Marine . you be make I nervous . she push ahead of he on the trail , force he to lower he muzzle as he follow she . Grace move nimbly on the path , seemingly unconcern . CUT to : ext . forest / glen wide shot as the party move between the huge tree , tiny as ant . the trail have get steeper , the go tougher . CUT to : ext . school ruins - day they enter a clear with a overgrown build make of timber cut from the local tree , with a thatch roof . it be cover with vine as the jungle reclaim it . 30 . norm how will they know we be here ? grace I be sure they be watch we right now . norm gulp . Jake look behind he as they approach the school , feel unseen eye . CUT to : int . school ruins tracking with jake' boot as he step among dry leave and a few molder children' book . floorboard creak . grace ( o.s. ) the kid be so bright , so eager to learn ... they pick up English faster than I could teach it to they . wider as Jake explore the room . Grace and norm be select instrument from storage case on a wooden table . grace bring the soil probe -- right there , yellow case . Jake look up at a rustling among the dark rafter . roosting stingbat eye he warily , flutter they wing . Grace pick up a molder copy of " the lorax " by Dr. seuss from the floor and put it back on a shelf . grace ( wistfully ) the stingbat knock they off . I guess I always hope somebody will come back and read they . norm why do not they come back ? grace ( grimly ) the na 'vi learn as much about we as they need to know . Jake see something , and approach the blackboard -- reach out to touch a pattern of hole blast into the slate . unmistakably bullet hole . 31 . jake ( turn to she ) what happen here ? grace ( sharply ) be you go to help with this gear ? we have get a lot to do . she turn away . Jake watch she as he jam equipment into he pack . CUT to : ext . rainforest - day close on Grace 's blue hand gently brush away soil , expose a tangle of root tendril . grace see , right here where the root of the two tree interact . wider -- grace and norm crouch among enormous octopoidal root . she take a tiny sample use a needle- like probe . norm use a digital device to scan the root . jake , bored , scout ahead a few meter . he come to a glade fill with shoulder - high spiral plant call helicoradian . he brush one and shtoonk ! -- it suck down into a tube in the ground so quickly it seem to simply vanish . curious , Jake touch another -- shtoonk ! and another -- like pop balloon after a party . shtoonk ! shtoonk ! shtoonk ! a chain reaction begin and the whole colony pull down into the ground , revealing -- a hammerhead titanothere . like a six - legge rhinoceros , but twice that size . its massive , low -slung head have projection of bone give it the look of a hammerhead shark . its baleful eye lock onto he . Jake raise he rifle . Grace , alert by the creature 's snort , run to where she can see the tableau . she press she throat mike . grace do not shoot . you will piss it off . 32 . the bull hammerhead bellow and lower its 3 meter wide sledgehammer of a skull . jake it 's already piss off ! grace Jake , that armor 's too thick . trust I . Jake start to back away . the hammerhead bellow again , paw the earth . grace it 's a territorial threat display . do not run , or he will charge . jake what do I do ? grace hold you ground ! the hammerhead slashes its head sideways , splintering sapling . it bellow again , lower its head and charge -- Jake scream at the top of he lung , spread he arm wide and run straight at the thing . it stop abruptly , with a oversize bleat . on jake -- amaze the gambit work . jake oh yeah ! who 's bad ?! that 's right . something rise up behind he out of focus -- a thanator . the most awesome land predator the universe have ever conceive this thing could eat a t-rex and have the alien for desert . it be a black six - limb panther from Hell , with a armored head and massive distensible jaw . jake , unaware of the advance thanator , be still brace the hammerhead -- jake that 's what I be talkin ' about , bitch ! the bull wheel around , trumpeting in fear , and crash away through splintering undergrowth . 33. jake that 's right motherf -- a guttural snarl behind he . Jake spin in time to see -- three ton of rippling thanator launch over he , landing between he and the hammerhead . the ground shake . the thanator emit a earsplit roar , enraged that the hammerhead get away . it twist on itself , turn to face Jake , and bare its fang with a lethal hiss . jake what about this one ? run , do not run ? what ? grace run. definitely run ! Jake bolt as -- the thanator leap after he and -- Jake launch himself between two large trunk , force the beast to claw its way around to the side while -- Jake scramble up -- around -- over a tangle of root and -- sk -rash !! claw slash the air behind he , exploding bark off a trunk as -- jake will himself forward in a frenzy . with rippling muscle the beast be airborne again , black out the sun but -- jake dive under a massive root system , and -- crash ! kindling rain around he as the beast tear into the root-trunk above he . claw slash down next to he as he roll and crawl -- glisten jaw smash and SNAP against the barrier trunk , send chunks of wood fly . it 's spittle spray across Jake , jaw inch away as -- he roll onto he back , and fire he ar point blank but the rifle be snatched out of he hand . the beast screech a ungodly wail of pain and rage and -- rip the entire trunk away . Jake scramble to escape but -- glistening jaw lunge downward , SNAP shut and -- the creature rip Jake out of the tree , shaking he like a junkyard dog with a rabbit , only -- 34 . it have he by the backpack , so Jake unlatch it and -- he fly free as the thanator crush the pack with its tooth . give Jake a moment to sprint away , but -- with a hideous bellow the thanator crash after he , splintering tree . jake run in a blur , dodging between trunk as a glisten black tornado shred the forest behind he and -- he see water ahead and dive outward with all he might -- the thanator 's jaw SNAP shut inch behind he as he fly out into open space and -- jake splashes down into a swiftly move river . the thanator leap down after he , pursue from rock to rock , its claw swiping like a grizzly fishing for salmon . Jake duck under as -- fwhoosh ! -- black claw slash past he face amid turbulent bubbles . a waterfall ahead . Jake be sweep over the fall , with the thanator swiping at he from a rock , just missing and -- Jake disappear down the throat of the thunder cataract . ext . river below fall - day the water boil below the cataract . Jake 's head burst through the surface , and he gasp for breath . he be carry along by the current , but manage to grab a limb on a fall tree . he weakly pull himself up , and just lie there gasp on the trunk . above he , on the cliff , the thanator bellows , a roar which echoe across the jungle . CUT to : ext . rainforest - day jake , wet and bruise , crouch under a screen of giant leave . he hack manically at the end of a cut sapling with he knife , form a crude but sharp tip . ext . rainforest - day tracking with Jake as he walk through the forest like it 's a minefield , carry he spear white - knuckle . he be freak and hyper-alert . 35 . the tree here be a hundred meter high , block out the sky . a few pencil beam of sunlight filter down into the cyan gloom . Pov from above -- look down through leave we watch Jake move warily through the forest . ecu -- two golden eye , bright in the shadow . downangle as Jake pass under a tree limb . invisible to he , drape on the limb like a leopard , be a strike na'vi girl . she watch , only she eye move . she be lithe as a cat , with a long neck , muscular shoulder , and nubile breast . and she be devastatingly beautiful -- for a girl with a tail . in human age she would be 18 . her name be neytiri ( nay - tee-ree ) . Jake pass less than 2 meter beneath she , oblivious . neytiri rise soundlessly . in one fluid , sinuous movement she nock a arrow to she bow and draw , aim right at jake . utterly silent . below she Jake be totally unaware of the arrow aim at he throat . on neytiri as she follow he with the bow , muscle tensing for the shot -- -- and something drift down in front of she , f.g . she hesitates . rack focus to the tip of the arrow -- where a single woodsprite float down to land on the arrow-head . like a dandelion seed , but larger , the woodsprite wave its silky cilia , feather light , as it balance on the deadly point . it glow faintly in the dark shadow . neytiri frown , puzzle , and lower she bow slowly . the woodsprite whirl away into the gloom . CUT to : int . / ext . samson - sunset grace and norm peer down into the shadow forest as trudy bank in a search pattern . trudy ( intercom ) I be go to have to call it , guy . we be not allow to run night op . Colonel 's order . 36 . Grace look to the west . the sun set behind alien tree . grace shit . trudy sorry , Doc . he 's just gonna have to hang on `till morning . grace he 's not go to make it till morning . Grace stare into the dark forest as the samson bank hard , thunder away toward the set sun . CUT to : ext . rainforest - night long lens -- polyphemus . the giant planet rise behind the black tree . Jake 's get a new problem . he see shape move with liquid grace in the night shadow behind he . he be be stalk by a pack of viperwolve . Jake catch only glimpsis -- a glint of eye , a slinking black movement -- then nothing . darkness . time CUT -- tight on Jake 's hand as he knot he T-shirt around the butt end of the spear . angle on thick sap trickle down a tree-trunk . Jake jam the makeshift torch into the sap , soaking the shirt with it . a waterproof match from he survival kit light the torch . the torch create a pool of light surround by pulsing , leaping shadow . Jake turn warily as he move along the trail . behind he be several pair of reflective green eye . another pair flanking he beside the trail . black-on-black shape which seem to flow like liquid . he look up -- see one cross a limb overhead . another on he opposite flank . then a hideous sound , like a hyena 's psychotic laugh . the viperwolve can run like a dog and climb like a monkey . they be hunt Jake from the ground and the tree . 37 . jake run by torch - light , on the edge of panic . he reach a steep bank stream and -- without think -- run across it on a horizontal trunk -- -- and stop dead on the other side . the torch illuminate GREEN eye cut ahead of he across the trail . the viperwolve have he encircle . the psychotic bark become more intense as they signal each other , get excited . one make a run at he , angle on he leg from behind but -- jake whirl , jam the torch in its face . it yip and go past , but another move in -- he jab it with the business end of the spear and it snarl , retreate , bare its fang . now half a dozen be circle he in the open , and he see what he 's up against . the viperwolve be six - limb with shiny chitinous skin , they paw leathery black hand . intelligent eye . glisten black tooth in dead white gum . Jake realize that he be make he final stand . he whirl the torch in a arc , keep they at bay -- and feel a rush of adrenaline . it go through he like a lightning bolt and the fear be go . jake ( scream ) I do not have all goddamn night ! come on ! come on ! with snarl and a blur of motion they attack . Jake crack the spear down on one , then spin as -- another leap at he and he plant the spear in it , strike true , but -- its momentum wrench it from he hand , and the torch go fly . Left in semi-darkness , Jake draw he knife as -- a wolf lunge , sink its tooth into he arm . he yell in pain and fury , slashing with the knife which -- cut deep into the beast 's shoulder and it let go . jake sprint , try to escape , but a snarling viperwolf leap , grabbing he by the ankle with its fore-hand . Jake tear away , sprawling , scrambling to get up as -- 38 . three wolve charge at once . the nearest leap at he throat just as -- thunk !! -- a arrow appear in its chest . the wolf land on he , already a dead weight . he push it off in time to see -- a blue amazon emerge from the tree , nock another arrow , draw and FIRE in one fluid motion . a unearthly yowl as another wolf fall . neytiri leap right over Jake , and crack she bow down on the skull of a circle wolf . another spring at she and she drop under its weight , but roll , come up on top of it with a knife in she hand . her knife flash down , bury to the hilt in its chest . snarling , a wounded wolf attack Jake , and he kick it away , but -- it spin and leap back onto he , and Jake barely catch its throat in time to keep the snapping jaw away from he face . meanwhile neytiri swing she bow in a big arc , cracking it across the head and shoulder of two remain wolf . neytiri rrreeyaaah ! hyaaaah !! the wolf slink and circle , yelping as the bow whistle past they . finally they break and run , with neytiri chase and -- they bound away through the foliage as she shout after they -- neytiri raaaarrrr ! Jake have he adversary pin and be choke it with all he weight . finally it stop thrashing . pant , he release it and look up at -- neytiri . her tail lash as she scan the forest , listen to the fade yelp of the wolf . satisfied the attack be over , she turn . she regards he coldly for a second , then walk past he . neytiri pick up the torch and extinguish it in a stream . jake wait , do not -- 39 . Jake blink around at the darkness -- realize he can still see . in fact , with the blind torchlight go , the forest be transformed . the jungle have come alive with bioluminescence -- spot and pattern , ghost and galaxy of blue-green light . Jake scramble to recover he spear . neytiri kneel beside -- a dying wolf . it 's cry be pitiful . it paw the air , try to raise its head . she pull she knife from its chest . neytiri ( in na 'vi ) forgive I , my brother . she cut its throat , end the pitiful cry . she touch its head gently , regard it with sadness . neytiri wipe the knife and return it to the sheath at she waist . she cross to another slain wolf and kneel , pull the arrow from its heart . jake look , um , I know you probably do not understand this . but -- thanks . thank you . I owe you . neytiri ignore he , assume a prayer posture over the dead animal . neytiri ( in na 'vi ) forgive I . May you spirit run with the great mother . jake I would have be screw if you have not come along -- she rise and walk away without look at Jake . jake hey , wait . wait ! where you goin ' ? he crash through some plant , catch up to she . jake slow down a second will you . I just want to thank you for kill that -- he make the mistake of grasp she shoulder and -- 40 . whack ! she wallop he upside the head with she bow in a fierce backhand swing , lay he out flat . he look up to see a FURY stand over he . a fury who speak English -- accented , halting , angry English . neytiri do not thank ! you do not thank for this ! this be sad . very sad , only . jake okay , I be sorry . whatever I do -- I be sorry . she gesture at the body of the viperwolve . neytiri all this be you fault ! they do not need to die . jake they attack I . how be I the bad guy here -- she silence he with the tip of she bow at he throat . neytiri you fault ! you be like a baby , make noise , do not know what to do . you should not come here , all of you ! you only come and make problem . only . Jake get up , slowly , face she . jake okay , fine , you love you little forest friend . so why not just let they kill my ass ? what 's the think ? cu neytiri -- look away . finally , reluctantly , she eye meet he for the first time -- a riveting gaze with that big gold orb . neytiri why save you ? jake yes , why save I ? neytiri you have a strong heart . no fear . she lean closer -- 41 . neytiri but stupid ! ignorant like a child ! she turn away , stalking off , but Jake go after she . tracking with neytiri as she climb nimbly along a huge root . wider as she trot with perfect balance along the root , which form a elevate walkway . Jake run to catch up , realize suddenly that he be far above the forest floor . throughout the follow they move through a glowing phantasmagorical forest . jake if I be so ignorant , maybe you should teach I . neytiri Sky people can not learn . you do not see . she leap to another elevate root . Jake follow , surprised that he make it . jake whooaa . he run to catch up with she easy jogging pace . jake then teach I to " see . " she stop and he almost run into she . neytiri no one can teach you to see . then she turn and trot on . ext . gorge - night they run across the elevate root of a enormous tree -- a horizontal trunk big as a oak . wide shot as they cross a deep gorge . a waterfall shimmer silver in the polyphemus-light . vine hang down a hundred foot into the gorge , and among they swoop stingbat and other night flyer . jake hey , slow down . look , I think we just get off on the wrong foot and -- 42 . Jake look down , suddenly aware of the height . jake -- you just have to get to know I . I be Jake . Jake sull -- a vine catch he spear and spin he off balance . he drop the spear and almost fall off the root . jake whooaaa -- shit ! neytiri catch he with one hand , grip he bicep . he watch the spear cartwheel down to splash in the river . she pull he upright . shout at he in English and na'vi . jake I need you help . neytiri you should not be here . jake so take I with you . neytiri no . you go back . down angle from far above -- several woodsprite float down through the tree . follow they as they descend silently toward Jake and neytiri . neytiri , sense a presence , look up to see -- the woodsprite , pulsing with purpose , float right towards Jake . they dance gently around he shoulder and head . jake ( off she amaze look ) what ? more woodsprite gather around he . several alight on he . Jake hold still , know he should be afraid -- but somehow he 's not . he spread he arm . more sprite come , landing all over he arm , hand , body . jake what be they ? cu neytiri -- reacting with a mixture of wonder and dread . 43. neytiri atokirina ' . seed of the great Tree -- very pure spirit . Jake -- now a pulsing , glow , flutter Mass of light -- move one hand slowly , not want to break the spell . he study one of the sprite dance on he palm until -- -- whoosshh ! the woodsprite whirl up and away , scatter into the darkness . jake what be that all about ? neytiri seem shake . she seize he hand and pull he after she . neytiri come ! CUT to : ext . rainforest - night tracking with jake as he gaze about he in grow wonder . he touch leave as he pass , watch the bioluminescence shiver through they . Jake look down as -- they cross a bed of purple moss which react to the pressure of they footstep . ring of green light , like ripple on a pond , expand outward from each footfall . explode ring of light where he foot touch down . dream -like , surreal beauty . wide on they as they run over a large root , across a mirror - like pool at the base of a waterfall . Jake follow neytiri , run along a raise root-trunk . jake what 's you name ? jake hear whoosh -whoosh and snap a look as a bolo fly at he , spin end for end and -- shwhap !! -- tangles around he leg . he topple off the root and crash into the foliage below . jake untangle himself , get up to run just as -- several na'vi rider thunder toward he . they be riding direhorse -- six - legge , armor-skinn alien clydesdale . 44 . we see that the rider ' queue be connect to the horse ' long moth - like antennae -- a neural - link with which they can command the horse , leave hand free for weapon . the rider aim bow and spear at Jake as they approach . Jake turn to bolt , but -- na'vi hunter melt out of the shadow , weapon aim -- block he retreat . neytiri drop to the ground next to Jake and confront the lead rider . she shout sharply in na 'vi -- neytiri ( subtitled ) tsu'tey , what be you do ?! he be my captive ! tsu' tey ( tsu - tay ) be young and powerfully build , with sculpt feature and a proud jawline , pierce eye . tsu'tey swing off he mount with fluid grace . tsu'tey ( subtitled ) this demon be forbidden here . I will kill this one as a lesson to the other ! tsu'tey draw he bow but neytiri leap between he and Jake , confront he warrior to warrior . neytiri ( subtitled ) stop ! there have be a sign . this be a matter for the tsahik . tsu'tey clenches he jaw with frustration -- frustration with she as much as the situation . he turn and angrily remount he direhorse , bark a command to the hunter . tsu'tey ( subtitled ) bring he . they grab Jake and haul he to he foot . encircle by spear and bow , he be shove forward along the trail , as tsu'tey and the other ride ahead . CUT to : ext . hometree - night jake be haul roughly toward neytiri 's village , which be shelter inside one of the great tree . hometree be 250 meter tall , with a trunk four time the diameter of the large sequoia , and a base of massive mangrove - pillar . 45 . tsu'tey ride inside the column at the base of hometree , shouting a ululate warning . Jake be force - march through the pillar into -- int . common / hometree - night a open central area . the villager gather to see the arrive hunt party . we see the people of the tribe -- mother with baby , old woman , young hunter . they gawk at the alien , expression range from curiosity to outright hostility . the huge eye of the child follow he . Jake be amaze at the size of hometree inside . by the light of the cook - fire he can see up into a vast cylindrical gallery -- a live cathedral . clear membrane -- sturmbeest bladder -- fill with flutter bio-luminescent insect , act as area lighting . the central space be dominate by the skull of some enormous creature , mount with much embellishment on a totem . stand in front of this , await they approach , be -- eytukan ( ay - too-kahn ) , the clan leader . eytukan have deeply chisell feature and a long chest mantle of thanator claw . his normally stern feature be cloud further by anger . eytukan ( subtitled ) why do you bring this creature here ? neytiri address eytukan in na'vi . neytiri ( subtitled ) I be go to kill he , but there be a sign from eywa . he glower at she as he respond , point at Jake . eytukan ( subtitled ) I have say no dreamwalker will come here , to offend we home ! his alien smell fill my nose neytiri stand she ground , answer in a respectful but not submissive tone . 46 . neytiri ( subtitled ) Father , many atokirina come to this alien . jake what 's go on ? neytiri my father be decide whether to kill you . jake you father !? ( to eytukan ) uh , good to meet you , sir . Jake step forward , offer he hand , and the hunter jump to restrain he , shouting . but they all freeze as -- a commanding female voice echoe through the chamber . mo 'at ( na 'VI ) step back ! everybody look up . mo 'at ( moh - aht ) stand on the second level , look down . she be a severe woman in she 50' . her bear be haughty , she expression friendly as a hang - judge . her outfit be elaborate , denote she rank as clan matriarch . mo'at ( subtitled ) I will look at this alien . there be a expectant hush as mo'at descend the helical core of hometree , a kind of natural spiral staircase . neytiri that be mother . she be tsahik -- the one who interpret the will of eywa . jake who 's eywa ? neytiri kneel before she like a acolyte as mo'at pass . the villager stare silently as the matriarch circle slowly around Jake , examine he tail and the end of he queue . 47 . mo 'at ( thick accent ) what be you call ? jake Jake sully . she produce a long thorn between she fingertip . with a flourish she strike he chest . Jake flinch . red blood well up and mo'at rub some between she fingertip . she taste it . mo'at why do you come to we ? jake I come to learn . mo 'at we have try to teach other Sky people . it be hard to fill a cup which be already full . jake my cup be empty , trust I . just ask Doctor Augustine . I be no scientist . mo 'at what be you ? jake I do not know . I be a Marine -- uh , a warrior . of the jarhead clan . tsu'tey ( subtitled ) a warrior ! I could kill he easily ! eytukan ( subtitled ) no ! this be the first warrior dreamwalker we have see . we need to learn more about he . jake what 's go on ? what be they say ? mo 'at ( to neytiri , subtitle ) daughter . you will teach he we way , to speak and walk as we do . 48 . neytiri look shocked , then angry . neytiri ( subtitled ) why I ? that 's not fair ! I only -- mo'at ( subtitled ) it be decide ! neytiri subside , turn to glare at Jake . mo 'at ( to Jake ) my daughter will teach you we way . learn well , jakesully . we will see if you insanity can be cure . she turn to neytiri , she expression stern -- mo 'at ( subtitled ) he be you responsibility . neytiri nod , accept , but she 's not a happy camper . she grab Jake 's arm and pull he roughly away . jake so it 's all good , right ? you and I -- neytiri do not speak . CUT to : int . second level / hometree later , neytiri lead Jake up the spiral to the second level . he now wear only a ratty loincloth . his wound be bound with plant- fiber bandage . the entire clan be squatting at dinner in a huge circle . they stop talk and turn to gaze at Jake as he enter the circle . jake do not get up . neytiri cross the circle to the cook pit and return with several large leave heape with food . she kneel next to Jake , place the food in front of he almost defiantly . jake you never tell I you name . 49 . neytiri neytiri the ckaha mo'at'ite . jake okay , again , a whole lot slower . neytiri ( exaggerated slowness ) neytiri . nay -tee -ree . Jake know she 's bait he . he smile in response . jake nay - tee -ree . that 's nice . nay -tee -ree . across the circle , tsu'tey , mo'at and eytukan sit together , glance up occasionally from they food to the stranger . tsu'tey ( subtitled ) this alien try to look like people , but they can not . mo'at ( subtitled ) he seem dim to I . and he eye be too small . neytiri motion for Jake to take portion from the serve leave onto he own leaf . jake you mom like I . I can tell . mo 'at , watch Jake and neytiri , lean over to eytukan . mo 'at ( subtitled ) neytiri will test this " warrior . " hey may learn nothing -- but we will learn much . eytukan you speak truth . we must understand this Sky people if we be to drive they out . Jake munch on a white shrimp - like thing . jake this rock . what be they ? neytiri teylu . you call beetle larvae . 50 . Jake blanch . she heaps some more onto he leaf -- a challenge -- and Jake meet she eye , take a handful , and start munch enthusiastically . jake that 's some damn fine teylu . that 's like grandma 's teylu . cu tsu'tey , warily eyeing Jake -- tsu'tey ( subtitled ) I say she will kill he . CUT to : int . third level - night the sleep level -- family nest in group on woven hammock the size of trampoline . the hunter sleep along spoke join the inner trunk to the tree 's outer shell . Jake lie awake in a hammock , people rustling in the darkness around he . neytiri be nearby , curl up like a little girl . she stare at he for a moment , then close she eye . Jake watch the glow bug flutter inside a night - light , a pulse of life energy . a strange peace spread through he . he close he eye and -- CUT to : int . link room - night grace be over jake in the link , slapping he , as Max and norm hover . grace come on back , kid , that 's it . jake wha --? oh. he look around , blink . reality crash in . grace damn , you be dig in like a tick . ( she help he sit up ) be the avatar safe ? jake ( huge grin ) yeah , Doc -- and you be not go to believe where I be . CUT to : 51 . int . commissary - morning breakfast the next day . the other driver lean forward , hang on Grace 's re-telling of the tale . grace -- so the kid 's out there one night and he 's get the Queen bitch herself offer he the spare room and the car key . unbelievable . jake it 's not something you can teach . some of the other scientist clap Jake on the shoulder in congratulation . max that 's awesome , Jake . norm chomp he bacon , fume . grace ( to Jake , get serious ) for reason I cannot fathom , the omaticaya have choose you . God help we all . CUT to : int . ops CENTER - morning jake have report to selfridge and quaritch . quaritch turn from gaze out at the wall of forest , display a feral grin . quaritch jarhead clan ? ( he laugh ) and that work ? jake ( grinning ) yeah . they want to study I . see if I can learn to be one of they . quaritch that 's how you seize the initiative . I wish I have ten more like you . selfridge look , sully -- find out what this blue monkey want . ( more ) 52 . selfridge ( cont would ) we try to give they medicine and education . road ! but no -- they like mud . I would not care except -- selfridge turn to a large 3d graphic display , point . a road run from Hell 's Gate to a propose new mine mile away . selfridge they damn village be sit right over the richest unobtanium deposit for a hundred klick in any direction . which suck -- for they -- because they need to relocate . jake ( take that in ) do Augustine know about this ? selfridge yeah , she do , and she 's on the next ship back if she try to cock - block I on it . jake so -- who talk they into move ? quaritch ( turning ) guess . jake what if they will not go ? quaritch ( icy ) I be betting they will . selfridge killing the indigenous look bad , but there 's one thing shareholder hate more than bad press -- and that 's a bad quarterly statement . find I a carrot to get they to move , or it 's go to have to be all stick . Jake be shake by the enormity of this new responsibility . quaritch you get three month . that 's when the dozer get there . jake I be on it . CUT to : 53. int . bio lab - morning jake pump he chair across the lab , flanke by grace and norm . Grace hold stereo still picture in front of he , one at a time -- image of clan member she have shot over the year -- a kind of flash card drill . jake tsu'tey . ( next photo ) mo'at. ( next photo ) eytukan . grace he 's the clan leader -- ( indicate mo'at ) -- but she 's the spiritual leader . like a shaman . int . link room the dialogue be continuous as they enter . jake get it . so who 's this eywa ? norm who 's eywa ? oh , only they deity . the great mother . the goddess make up of all live thing . you would know that if you have any training whatsoever . he haul himself from wheelchair to link . jake who 's get a date with the chief 's daughter ? grace knock it off . Jesus , it 's like kindergarten around here . as Jake settles into the soft embrace of the link , Grace input command at the control station . grace neytiri be my best student . she and she sister silwanin . just amazing girl . jake I do not meet the sister . 54 . grace ( quietly ) no , she 's dead . ( turn to he ) okay , let 's go -- village life start early . max link be ready . Grace lower the bio-sensor array over Jake 's chest . grace do not do anything unusually stupid . she close the clamshell and we -- int . hometree / third level - day cu jake' avatar , blink awake , stare up at -- hometree , like a gothic cathedral overhead . sunlight stream down through gap in the tower vault . CUT to : int . common - day jake walk among the villager , who go about they daily task . -- young girl sit together , weaving and singing . they look up as he pass , then go back to work . -- two man clean the fish they have catch . -- a young mother pound seed into meal , while nursing a infant . -- child chase each other and climb like monkey . one bold little girl run up to Jake , stop -- stare -- then shriek with laughter as she run back to she playmate . grinning , Jake turn to see neytiri canter toward he on a direhorse . she lead a second horse , a old sway - back mare . his grin drop . ext . river near hometree - day jake nervously grip the surcingle of the mare . neytiri hold its nose-r while Jake clumsily mount . Jake bend one of its antennae down to the tip of he queue . he hesitantly touch they together and -- 55 . tight shot -- the tendril interweave . Jake 's pupil dilate and he mouth drop open . the horse 's eye also go wide and it honk nervously . neytiri touch she fingertip to the neural interface . neytiri this be shahaylu -- the bond . feel she heartbeat , she breath . feel she strong leg . Jake close he eye , nodd . one with the horse . tsu'tey and another young hunter come out of the forest lead two direhorse . the magnificent animal drink from the edge of the pool . tsu'tey watch Jake 's riding lesson with disdain . neytiri you may tell she what to do -- ( she touch she head ) -- inside . for now , say where to go . jake forward . the horse launch into a gallop . Jake flop around , with no idea how to sit the animal , and be promptly thrown off . he land painfully in the mud . he get up , brush mud off knee and ass , as neytiri lead the horse back to he . neytiri again . series of jump cut -- Jake fall off the horse in various way , seemingly landing harder each time . on jake , face down in the mud of the riverbank . he painfully rise to hand and knee . which be when he see -- tsu'tey and another hunter thunder across the shallow river on they direhorse . spray blast up from they hoof . Jake stand , cover in mud , as tsu'tey stop he horse next to he , look down with disdain . tsu'tey you should go away . 56 . jake ( to neytiri ) I know this guy could speak English . tsu'tey turn to neytiri , who be lead the old mare back . tsu'tey ( subtitled ) this alien will learn nothing . a rock see more . she sigh in agreement . tsu'tey and the other hunter wheel they horse around and thunder off into the wood . neytiri gesture to Jake 's horse . neytiri again . CUT to : ops CENTER - night group around a table be jake , colonel quaritch , selfridge and few engineer and officer . Jake be talk they through plan he 's make of hometree 's inner structure . jake you have get outer column , then a secondary ring here , and a inner ring . then a core structure , it 's like a spiral , that 's how they move up and down . quaritch I be go to need accurate scan of all this column . jake Roger that . angle on max , at the stairwell . he 's be watch Jake talk rapidly to quaritch , but can not hear he . frown , he back away , down the stair . CUT to : int . bio lab - day jake , grace and norm be pack science gear and supplies . grace I be not about to let quaritch and selfridge micro-manage this thing . ( she look pointedly at Jake ) we be go up into the mountain . ( more ) 57 . grace ( cont would ) there 's a mobile link up at Site 26 that we can work out of . norm the hallelujah Mountains ? grace that 's right . norm yesssss ! ( off Jake 's look ) the legendary float Mountains of pandora ? Heard of they ? CUT to : ext . rainforest - aerial - day a samson thunder over the rainforest , climb into the mist - shroud mountain . in the sealed cockpit , norm be up front , sit leave seat so trudy can talk he through the flight control . Jake and Grace be behind they , in the jump -seat . Grace and norm 's unconscious avatar ride in the open back compartment . trudy it only take tiny input . here , put you hand on the cyclic -- she point to the stick between she knee . norm hesitantly reach over and rest he hand on hers . trudy feel how small the move be ? you barely have to think it , and the aircraft react . on norm -- reacting to tiny input from the hot lady - pilot . the samson be dwarf by enormous arch of rock . grace see this magnetic formation . we be get close . trudy yeah we be . look at my instrument . on the dash , many of the display be fritzing out . 58 . grace yup . we be in the flux vortex . ahead , a cloud bank part , revealing -- the hallelujah mountain . right in front of they . norm oh. my. god. Jake lean forward between the seatback for a good look out the front canopy . jake' Pov -- enormous island of rock be hover a half mile above the ground . they be overgrown with rainforest , and straggly beard of vine hang down beneath they . waterfall stream down the side and dissolve into spray at the bottom . on jake , stare in amazement . it be both awe - inspiring and disturbing . trudy turn , grin at Jake . trudy you should see you face . wide aerial -- the samson be tiny as it approach the float island of rock . a archipelago among the cloud , they cast great shadow over the forest slope below . jake ( v.o. ) yeah , so what do hold they up ? Grace explain it to I -- some kind of maglev effect because unobtanium be a superconductor , or something . at least somebody understand it . just not I . CUT to : ext . site 26 - day a remote research station -- two shack and a few cluster of instrument perch on a promontory near the hallelujah Mountains . the shack be airlift module the size of bus . the samson land , beat the grass with its rotor-wash . the human hop out , wear mask . they move toward the shack , take in the spectacular panorama . CUT to : 59 . int . shack - day norm and trudy assist jake with he chair as they cycle in through the airlock . grace be already inside , start the genny . she turn on the light and equipment . there be 4 bunk , a clutter of science gear , and -- through a short connect corridor -- three link unit in the second module . as Grace power up the link equipment , Jake stop to look at stereo still picture which be tape and tack up around she workstation . close on picture -- Grace pose at the school with various grin child . there be one of she with two lanky girl , a young neytiri and a older girl who look much like she . grace Jake , take number two , it 's the least glitchy . norm , I need you to operate Jake 's link . norm glare at Jake as he pass . jake hey . you get a problem ? norm turn to Grace , he frustration boil over . norm I train three year for this mission . I speak the language fluently . ( he point at Jake ) he fall off the frickin ' turnip truck and all of a sudden he 's cultural ambassador !? grace it 's not we choice , norm . he glower at Jake . norm yeah , well I do not come out here to wash the dish while you be on some interspecy booty call . he stalk off . grace he can not go far . 60 . she point to Jake 's link . grace let 's get you in . CUT to : int . / ext . hometree - banshee eyrie looking down the central shaft of hometree , 80 meter to the ground . villager be ant -like . Jake try to keep up with neytiri as she leap up the core trunk like a lemur . he climb the last section , arrive out of breath beside she . she lead he outside , onto -- a large branch . through gap in the foliage Jake can see other great tree scattered across the landscape , like enormous umbrella above the rainforest . neytiri stride out across the branch toward some kind of structure -- a web make of thick woven fiber . dark shape cling to it stir with a leathery rustling SOUND . neytiri make a series of trill and click . one of the shape move toward they , emerge into a shaft of sunlight . a huge mountain banshee . much larger than the forest banshee , this thing be taller than a na 'vi with a 10 meter wingspan . a leathery fwhoop , like the crack of sail , as it alight on the branch right in front of she . jake Holy shit . neytiri do not look in she eye . neytiri feed it a large scrap of meat , which it snatch and gulp down . she murmur to it and stroke its neck . it let out a signature shriek , and some of the other in the shadow nearby answer . neytiri flip -catch she queue and gently connect it to the banshee 's antenna . it shiver and stretch its wing as the neural connection be make . neytiri ikran be not horse . once shahaylu be make , ikran will fly with only one Hunter in the whole life . she climb smoothly onto the animal 's back . 61 . neytiri to become taronyu -- Hunter -- you must choose you own ikran . and he must choose you . jake when ? neytiri when you be ready . the banshee shiver with anticipation . neytiri heeyaaahh ! Jake duck as the great wing explode OPEN and the banshee drop off the branch . it swoops down across the forest canopy , bank hard , let out a cry and beat its wing in a power climb . complete the bank , neytiri direct the banshee into a close swooping flyby , and Jake instinctively duck . on neytiri -- fly in perfect fusion with she winge mount , the rainforest roll beneath she . CUT to : int . shack - night / ext stereo video - log image -- Jake have just switch on the camera . he look tired . jake do I have to do this ? I need some rack . grace , behind he , look up from she microscope , scowling . grace no -- now , when it 's fresh . jake yeah , yeah . ( to camera ) the day be start to blur together . the language be a bitch , but I figure it 's like field - stripping a weapon . repetition . this throws US into a teaching montage : jake and neytiri kneel together inside hometree . neytiri touch she lip with she fingertip . 62 . jake seyri . she touch she nose , she ear , she eye in quick sequence . jake ontu , mikyun , nari . neytiri stand next to he , correct he position as he draw a longbow . barking command , she smack he on the shoulder , then the elbow , reposition he roughly . jake ( v.o. ) neytiri think I be some kind of retard . human jake emerge from the link to see -- trudy and norm catch in the act on norm 's bunk . norm blushes and trudy wave , pull the blanket over they head . jake ( v.o. ) norm 's attitude have improve lately . norm work with jake at the small table in the shack kitchen . norm thank you ? jake ireiyo . norm comically exaggerate the pronunciation . norm irrrreiyo . irrrreiyo . you have gotta roll the R , r-r-r- oll it . norm make Jake repeat the word , get more frustrated . jake ( v.o. ) it 's good he 's back on board , but he think I be a retard too . tracking with jake' feet as he run over rock , leaping onto a thick root , run on across the rough bark . jake ( v.o. ) my foot be get tougher . I can run farther every day . 63. neytiri lead he along a massive root , and soon they be run 30 meter above the ground . he sprint with she through the tree , try to keep up . she climb and leap with the ease of a spider monkey . jake ( v.o. ) I have to trust my body to know what to do . with neytiri it 's learn fast or die . neytiri leap off into space , fall , fall until -- she catch a enormous palm leaf and , grip it , allow its droop to slow she fall . she let go , plummete , and catch another . jake follows in a leap of faith . the camera plunge with he , from leaf to leaf , down and down in a dizzying kinetic rush . he drop down from the last leaf , landing next to she on a game trail . he be exhilated to still be alive . neytiri be surprised -- that he follow . that he live . tight on human jake , in the shack . think as he look at the picture of Grace with the laugh kid at the school . in the common -- avatar norm formally greet mo 'at . the matriarch look on as grace kneel to hug child she know . Grace 's eye sparkle as she chat with they in na 'vi . jake ( v.o. ) I sweet - talk mo'at into give norm and Grace a hall pass . now Grace even make I coffee before link every morning . Grace look up to see neytiri approach . it be a awkward moment between they . Grace make the formal gesture of greeting . grace ( na 'vi , subtitle ) I see you , neytiri mo'at'ite . neytiri I see you , Doctor Grace Augustine . another day -- neytiri kneel on a game trail , point out the track in the mud to Jake . she touch the edge of the plant around she , and sniff the air . 64 . jake ( v.o. ) I be learn to read the trail , the track at the water-hole , the tiniest scent and sound . jake and neytiri watch through a screen of leave as -- a herd of huge , armored sturmbeest walk through the shallow of a lake . in the middle of the herd , the baby be shelter from predator among they parent ' leg . one of the bull trumpet , and a flock of tetrapteron take flight , a explosion of purple wing . Jake stare at the strange and wild alien tableau . another place -- neytiri stand utterly still , except for she ear , which move with a life of they own . her eye be close . she speak very softly to Jake -- neytiri when you hear nothing , you will hear everything . when you see nothing , you will see everything . jake ( v.o. ) sometimes I have no idea what she 's talk about . Jake and neytiri creep quietly , stalking a large male hexapede -- a six legge deer - like creature . Jake expertly nock a arrow and draw he bow as neytiri watch . he take a bead on the hexapede -- track it for a beat with the draw bow , then relaxes he arm . Zen archery . jake ( v.o. ) it 's be a month and I be still not allow to make a kill . she say the forest have not give permission . omiited neytiri and jake crawl through the undergrowth . she point and he part some leave to see -- a mother viperwolf bring meat to she cub , which frisk around she leg . she lick they face . jake ( v.o. ) there 's a lot of crap like that . she 's always go on about the flow of energy -- the spirit of the animal and what not -- 65 . video - log image -- human jake talk into the lens . he 's change -- un - shaven , cheek hollow . pale . jake ( smirking ) I just hope this treehugger shit be not on the final . visible behind he , Grace be hunch over she sample . grace ( without look up ) this be not just about eye-hand coordination out there . you need to listen to what she say . try to see the forest through they eye . jake Excuse I -- this be my video - log here , okay ? neytiri and jake move through the night forest , surround by galaxy of shimmer bioluminescence . they move gracefully , soundlessly -- two forest spirit . cu jake -- the pupil of he cat eye dilate . the night forest flood he brain with its million bio-source . night shot , from overhead -- Jake and neytiri bow - fishing from a dugout canoe over huge glow anemone at the bottom of a pool . a large fish swim silhouett against the pastel glow . zap ! Jake drill it . he hold up the fish , triumphantly . another day -- neytiri stand close behind Jake , adjust he position as he draw he bow . only now she hand be gentle as they move on he arm , he shoulder . aware of she touch , Jake 's focus be break . they eye meet , and she pull away quickly . night -- they enter a clearing fill with chest - high fern . neytiri signal he to move slowly . they approach a creature on one of the fern . a ugly , stick - like lizard - thing perch on a frond . as he approach -- SNAP ! a long spine whip in a circle , unfurl a bioluminescent membrane -- a disk a meter across , open like a chinese fan . it fly off , a live frisbee . the fan lizard float across the clear . 66 . neytiri plunge among the fern with a sharp cry . a explosion of color as dozen of fan lizard take flight . grinning widely , she hop around like a little girl , until they be all fly . and for the first time , she be unguard and joyful , totally herself with he . inside the link -- Jake 's eye open in the darkness . he do not know where he be . he weakly push open the lid , blink at the light . jake ( v.o. ) everything be backwards now . like out there be the true world , and in here be the dream . tight on avatar jake silently draw he bow , he eye focus in intense concentration . a beat -- the arrow fly . jake pull the arrow from the twitching body of a hexapede . he dispatch it with he knife . he speak haltingly , but with feel , in na'vi . jake ( na 'VI ) I see you brother , and thank you . you spirit go with eywa , you body stay behind to become part of the people . neytiri watch with approval . neytiri a clean kill . you be ready . CUT to : int . shack - night lying in the link , Jake look exhaust , pale , thin . norm help Grace get he to he chair . grace you be still lose weight . here -- she hand he a microwave burrito . he look at the now alien food . bite into it without enthusiasm . jake I make a kill today . we eat it . I know where that meal come from . 67 . grace other body . you need to take care of this body . jake yeah yeah . grace Jake , I be serious -- you look like crap . you be burn too hard . Jake take the cigarette out of she mouth and stub it out . jake get rid of this shit , then you can lecture I . grace I be tell you , as you boss and someone who might even consider be a friend someday , to take some down time . jake not now . tomorrow we leave for iknimaya . grace walk past Jake , start make herself coffee . grace yeah -- you be gonna go ride a banshee . or die try . jake that 's right , Grace . this be what I have be work for . grace and this be you check up from the neck up , Marine . you be get in way too deep . ( she turn away ) trust I , I learn the hard way . Jake scan the picture tack up around Grace 's workstation . jake what do happen at the school ? grace look up from make coffee . her eye track across the picture of the laugh child . finally -- 68 . grace neytiri 's sister -- sylwanin -- stop come to school . she be angry about the clear-cutte . grace sip she coffee , grimace at the taste . grace one day , she and a couple of other young hunter come run in , all paint up -- they would set a bulldozer on fire -- I guess they think I could protect they . grace be voice stay oddly calm as he tell this terrible story , while get milk out of the refrigerator . grace the trooper pursue they to the schoolhouse . macro as she pour the milk -- she hand be shaking . grace they kill sylwanin in the doorway . right in front of neytiri . then shot the other . ( mildly ) I get most of the kid out , before they shot I . jake Jesus . grace yeah . Jake realize that Grace be on the verge of tear and desperately try to hide it . grace a scientist stay objective -- we can not be rule by emotion . but I pour ten year of my life into that school . they call I sa'atenuk . mother. ( turn to he ) that kind of pain reach back through the link . grace sit down at the table , look intently at Jake . grace it 's a job . learn what you can -- but do not get attach . 69 . grace look at he with real pain in she eye . grace it 's not we world , Jake . and we can not stop what 's come . CUT to : ext . mountain trail - day tsu'tey lead three direhorse rider up the trail -- two teenage hunter and jake , who 's riding well enough to keep up . the horse ' hoof clop right next to a sheer drop into a misty canyon . jake ( v.o. ) iknimaya translate roughly as stairway to heaven . it 's the test every young hunter have to pass . tsu'tey signal a stop . up -slope ahead be a astounding formation . thick vine- like tree have trap large floating boulder of unobtanium in they gnarled grip . a hundred meter above they more boulder be woven into the twisted vine-trunk . this be some sort of freak natural occurrence -- like the mythical beanstalk , go up into the cloud . there be a thundering roar , like a artillery barrage , and the ground shake . Jake look around at -- one of the floating mountain grind against the flank of a nearby mesa . a huge rockfall be set loose . the mountain be drift toward they , fill half the sky . the hunters dismount . jake look up at the beanstalk go into the cloud . he turn to tsu'tey , who be check the young hunter ' gear . jake we doin ' this ? Jake leap to catch up as tsu'tey and the hunter swarm up the base of the beanstalk . CUT to : 70 . ext . beanstalk - day 200 meter up the beanstalk , the hunter nimbly climb along the vine-trunk . they clamber over one of the unobtanium boulder which be lift this incredible tree . jake look down -- the massive trunk dwindle to the size of a licorice stick . a chunk break off a boulder as he climb over it -- it float upward . they reach the upper branch of the beanstalk . above they , the craggy underbelly of monut veritatis loom . spray from one of the waterfall hit they . some of the hanging vine be brush over the upper branch of the beanstalk with a crackle hiss . one by one the hunter grab onto vine as they pass . Jake shrug and leap to a pass vine , he foot dangle over nothingness . they climb toward the float island above . ext . monut veritatis - day tiny figure cross a causeway of vine connect a small island of unobtanium to the main mass of mon veritatis . wide shot look down a rock face bigger than half dome -- the sheer side of mon veritatis . banshee circle next to the cliff , flash in shaft of sunlight . waterfall dissolve into nothingness below . ext . grotto / banshee rookery - day a waterfall thunder down into the void like a faucet of the god . Jake look down the sheer cliff at the world far below -- a view from Olympus . a shriek and the thwap thwap of leathery wing -- neytiri' banshee swoops in to perch at the edge of the grotto . she dismount and , like a falconer , cover its eye with a woven hood . it wait , docile , as -- she join Jake and the hunter party . tsu'tey lead they through the cave until they emerge onto a cliff face . and Jake see -- the banshee rookery . hundred of banshee huddle on rock out - cropping as far as the eye can see . they cling to the wall with the fore - claw on they wing , or perch on ledge . 71 . tsu'tey jakesully will go first . tsu'tey smirk at Jake , a challenge in he eye . the two teenage hunters be scared but try to act tough . tsu'tey scowl when neytiri lead Jake out onto the ledge . neytiri ( whispering ) now you choose you ikran . this you must feel -- inside . if he also choose you , move quick , like I show . you will have one chance . jake how will I know if he choose I ? neytiri he will try to kill you . jake outstanding . out of sight of tsu'tey , neytiri take he hand and squeeze it . Jake feel a rush of emotion , but she break away like it do not happen . he be on he own , on the ledge with -- the banshee . they eye he as he approach . several shriek and take flight . other flap they wing and yawn , show row of fang , in a threat display . Jake unroll a weight leather strap , like a one - end bolo . a large male spread enormous wing , shriek , and glare straight at he . Jake look directly into its eye -- and stride toward it . jake let 's dance . the challenge banshee hiss and leap at he , jaw wide as -- Jake time the lunge , swinging the bolo , feint and then slip aside as the banshee 's jaw miss he , snapping shut . Jake whap the bolo across its snout . the weight thong whip twice around its long jaw , tie they shut . a muffled scream and it slashes at he stomach with razor talon but -- 72 . Jake be already leaping , over the talon and tackle the banshee around the neck . it topple on its side , and he swarm it -- arm around its thrashing head . Jake grab its whip - like antenna and bring it toward he queue but -- the bony head slam sideways , and bam ! -- clock he right in the face , almost knock he out and -- it writhes , fling he to the ground . he slide on the rock and almost go over the edge as -- neytiri gasp . tsu'tey laugh and yell mockingly . the bolo be come loose as the creature shake its head , way piss off now , but -- Jake scramble up and leap straight at it . claw rake he leg but he get he arm around its head and clamp down hard . they flop to the ground and he scramble on top , pin it and -- grab its whipping antenna , lock it under he arm , and jam the end of he queue into it . they fuse together and -- the banshee stop struggle . it lie there panting . they be lock together , literally eye to eye . jake that 's right ! you be mine . ecu banshee -- the pupil like a deep black well . Jake relax he grip and slowly , warily , slide he leg over the creature 's back . neytiri run to he . neytiri first flight seal the bond . you can not wait . Jake sit astride the creature , feel its power . he grip a hank of the beast 's main , and -- jake heeeyyyaaaah ! thwap ! thwap ! the banshee be off like a shot . Jake scream as they plummet off the cliff -- the banshee wail and -- 73. they fall together , spiralling out of control , and he be almost toss lose . the thing be squawking and shrieking so much he can not think . jake shut the hell up !! it do . jake level out ! fly straight ! it level out . Jake cock he head , only think " bank leave " and the animal comply . he settles the banshee into a easy lope beat of its huge wing , while he catch he breath . neytiri' banshee fall into formation with he . she signal " follow I " and dive . Jake guide he banshee clumsily after she . neytiri 's banshee move with precise movement of its wingtip , while Jake 's wobble and dip , almost fall out of the sky . the camera swoops after they as neytiri lead a arcing dive around the flank of mon veritatis . the scenery be stun . they pass waterfall and swoop between hang vine . neytiri lead Jake in a sharp bank , skim close to the cliff . they punch through streamer of cloud and emerge into sunlight . Jake be get the hang of it . he jink leave , then right , then dive , tucking himself tight against the animal 's back . he 's reckless , fearless . half in control and loving it . neytiri dive next to he as he let out a long whoop of joy . CUT to : int . / ext . grotto / monut veritatis - day flight montage : neytiri squat with Jake , use she hand to explain flight principle like one fighter pilot to another . looking down a sheer cliff . swooosh ! Jake and neytiri dive they mount straight down past camera , pull out and soar into a series of aerobatic turn . jake ( v.o. ) I may not be much of a horse guy . but I be bear to do this . 74 . they fly in close formation with tsu'tey and the young hunter , 5 banshee flash through scarve of mist . another day . Jake dive , play hide and seek with neytiri among the cloud . they be wild and free in a wild world . she grin and bank hard , diving -- catch I if you can . he dive after she . in the grotto , by firelight , jake' banshee snap at a piece of meat which he playfully pull back . he 's teach it to take the food more slowly . he stroke its long head . tsu'tey be nearby with the young hunter . he eye Jake with frustrated hostility . another day -- Jake and neytiri fly abreast , soar easily . she point and Jake see -- a bizarre geological formation . arch of magnetic rock form rainbow of stone above a deep caldera . in the center of the caldera be a single , enormous willow tree , gnarled and ancient . this , we will be tell , be the well of soul . CUT to : ext . ridge jake fly with neytiri along a forest ridge . she be teach he to hunt from he banshee . they carry they bow at the ready , scan below they for prey . a huge shadow cover he and neytiri shout a warning . Jake look up to see -- a leonopteryx in a delta-dive , whistling straight at he . like a banshee , only several time larger , it be the king predator of the air : the great leonopteryx . stripe scarlet , yellow and black , with a midnight blue crest head -- it be both gorgeous and terrifying . the hunter have become the prey . jake snap -roll and dive toward the forest canopy . he plummet into the gloom as -- k-crash -- the leonopteryx tear through foliage , follow he down , both diving like missile and -- jake yank into a hair-pin bank , right through a gap between two huge branch -- force the leonopteryx to brake with a loud fwoosh of wing . it bank away with a frustrated shriek . two flap of its mighty wing and it be go , back above the canopy . 75 . close on the leonopteryx , as its fange mouth open in a bloodcurdle screech which echoe among the mountain . the lord of its domain . on jake , shake . neytiri fly up , she expression the na 'vi equivalent of oh my God . a beat -- they both crack up . CUT to : int . shack - night Jake ponder image Grace have call up at she workstation -- science graphic of the leonopteryx . trudy and norm be crowded around as well . grace the great leonopteryx be the apex aerial predator . not only rare , but the sighting tend not to get report . trudy make a click motion with she thumb . trudy there usually be not time to key the mike . jake the people call it toruk . norm ( translating ) last shadow . jake last one you ever see . trudy I see one take out a gunship once -- wham ! total frickin ' yard sale . ate the crew like peanut . time CUT -- Grace be scan through image and Jake stop she on one -- a 3d aerial shot of the strange arched formation . jake that 's it . grace vitraya ramunong -- the well of soul . it 's they most sacred place . she move the virtual camera , and we seem to fly around the well of soul , catch only a glimpse of the interior . 76 . grace something big be go on in there , biologically . I would die to get sample , but outsider be strictly forbidden . time CUT -- Jake look through the pressure window at human grace and norm outside . wearing mask , they be take reading from some time - series experiment Grace have set up . as trudy watch , jake work fast to download Grace 's image of the well of soul onto a memory chip . trudy they be come back . Jake pull the chip , then hesitates . torn by what he be do . trudy if you do not give he something , he 's gonna shut we down . he hand she the chip and she slip it into a pocket of she flight - suit just as Grace and norm enter from the airlock . jake hey , guy . CUT to : int . hometree - night jake stare up at the totem skull , which we now recognize as that of a great leonopteryx . neytiri watch as he reach up to touch the tall indigo crest . neytiri my grandfather 's grandfather be toruk macto -- Rider of last shadow . toruk choose he . it have only happen five time since the time of the first song . jake that 's a long time . neytiri take he hand , because that 's what the na 'vi do when they be tell you something important . neytiri toruk macto be mighty -- he bring the clan together in a time of great sorrow . all na 'vi people know this story . 77 . push in slowly on the skull totem , then -- CUT to : ext . river bed - day jake , neytiri and other flying hunter swoop low above a herd of sturmbeest -- a rapid of thunder muscle . Dust rise from this live river like steam from a python 's back . tracking with the herd . a hunter appear in fg , astride a direhorse at full gallop . the sight be breathtaking . he hurl a 3 meter spear and one of the sturmbeest crash down , flipping twice from momentum . jake roll in like a fighter jet , he banshee scream . he draw and fire he bow . the arrow strike true , in the plexus between the armored shoulder and -- the beast crash to the ground . skid to a stop in a cloud of dust . neytiri swoops in next to Jake , arm raise and grin wolfishly . cu tsu'tey , banking around Jake 's kill . Jake look up , and tsu'tey salutes in grudge admiration . CUT to : int . common / hometree - night the central space be light by a bonfire , around which the hunt festival be in full swing . Wild dance . people gnaw on massive sturmbeest rib . a bowl of some kava-like intoxicant be pass around . neytiri dance in a flow costume as the banshee spirit . norm be dance seductively with he own tail . jake , surround by young hunter , act out the leonopteryx attack with he hand . the leaping fire - light play across the eye socket of the toruk skull , bring it to life . it seem to watch Jake . tsu ' tey squat next to Jake , the usual scowl on he face . Jake brace himself -- and tsu'tey hold up the kava BOWL , offer it to he . a challenge or a olive branch ? Jake take a long , hearty drink as some of the young hunter hoot and clap hand in a fast rhythm . 78 . grace watch that stuff . it will knock you into next week . Jake offer the bowl back to tsu'tey . they lock eye . tsu'tey drink . later -- a empty BOWL drop , landing on a pile of empty bowl near the fire . wider on jake and tsu'tey , sit amid the rowdy hunter . tsu'tey look a little blearily at Jake . finally , he grins . tsu'tey I think -- enough drink -- you would not be so ugly . jake sorry . tsu'tey look deep into the fire . tsu'tey you warrior -- hide inside machine -- fight from far away . ( he look at Jake ) I do not think a sky person could be brave . before Jake can answer , neytiri be lithe shape run through the circle of silhouett dancer toward they . she take Jake by the hand and pull he up -- neytiri you must dance ! it be the way . tsu ' tey watch as she lead he away , he face darken -- the moment of connection to Jake lose to anger . the hunter whoop and cheer as Jake join the circle of dancer . Jake take Grace 's hand and pull she up , protest . jake let the drum and chanting flow through he . he let himself go , dance from the inside , channele the primal energy . grace be rock out , grin . we see the young girl , so repress , who life within she . Jake and neytiri flow amongst the dancer , but they be look only at each other . 79 . a couple of the young girl watch from outside the circle be giggle and talk about they . Mo 'at and eytukan follow they look , see the obvious connection . mo'at ( subtitled ) we can not let this seed grow . her path be with tsu'tey . on jake , dance with abandon to the primal beat , eye lock with neytiri . CUT to : ext . rainforest - day wide vista -- mist blow through the treetop as the morning sun burn it away . a spectacular panorama of a vast , primeval land . up angle tracking among the tree , the sunlight shafting down like light in a cathedral . jake ( v.o. ) it 's hard to put in word the deep connection the people have to the forest . high in the branch of a tree , Jake watch as neytiri gently bend a large pitcher - like flower toward she , sip nectar which be sweet and thick as honey . a incredibly sensuous image . jake ( v.o. ) they see a network of energy that flow through all live thing . they know that all energy be only borrow -- macro shot of a purple flower , bead with raindrop . a blue hand pick the flower . jake ( v.o. ) -- and one day you have to give it back . looking down into a hole dig among tree root . the body of a old omaticaya woman lie curl there like a unborn baby in the womb of the earth . the purple flower be gently place on she body , join flower , totem and bead . Mo 'at recite a prayer as neytiri , act as acolyte , place a woodsprite , a seed of the great Tree , on the body . Earth be pour over the lens and we CUT to -- 80 . jake waking up in the link . dark as a coffin . he push the lid off , let in light , and lie there . he look pale and haggard , with a scraggly beard . jake ( v.o. ) hard to believe it 's only be three month . jake sit in front of the video log camera , late at night . it be many log entry later . he have lose a lot of weight . he look like a junkie watch a test pattern . jake ( to the lens ) I can barely remember my old life . I be not sure who I be anymore . CUT to : ext . compound - day under a sky of thunderhead , the forest be a dark wall beyond the fence . selfridge , wear a exopack , tees up while grace and jake approach from the direction of the ops Center . selfridge good of you to stop by . how 's it go out there ? we blue friend all pack up yet ? selfridge swing he driver with good form . selfridge see , I keep hook it . it 's the damn pack . the ball drop into the mud just past a marker which read 220 . a trooper walk over to retrieve it . selfridge the low gravity and the high air density cancel out so -- jake you call we back to report -- you want to hear it or not ? selfridge go ahead . grace Jake be make incredible progress , year worth in just a few month . but -- we need more time . 81 . selfridge not what I be hope to hear . it start to rain . selfridge calmly pull a umbrella from he golf bag and snap it open . grace parker , it 's they ancestral home . they have live there since before human history begin . you can spare they a few more week . selfridge this thing be inevitable . what do it matter when it happen ? I be sorry , Dr. Augustine . you be out of time . he leave they stand there to get drench . CUT to : int . armor BAY a break table , under a harsh overhead light . quaritch pull up a chair , turn it around , and sit astride it face Jake . he study Jake 's pale , sink face . the scraggly beard . quaritch you be not gettin ' lose in the wood , be you son ? Jake can not meet he eye . quaritch you last report be two week ago . I be start to doubt you resolve . from what I see , it 's time to terminate this mission . Jake eye flare with alarm . jake no. I can do this . quaritch look , you have give I plenty of usable intel . like this " well of soul " place -- I have get they by the ball with that , when it turn into a shit-fight . which it will . Jake feel hollow inside , know what he 's do . 82. quaritch so you will get you leg back , like I promise . ( put he hand on Jake 's shoulder ) it 's time to come in . Jake ponder this . be not this what he be do all this for ? jake I have gotta finish this thing . there 's one more test -- the dream hunt . it 's the final stage of become a man . then I be one of they . they will trust what I say ... it 's hard for he to even form this word -- jake ... and I can negotiate the term of they relocation . quaritch then you need to get it do , corporal . CUT to : ext . hallelujah mountain - night strange horizontal lightning branch through the float mountain , twisted by the magnetic field . the sky be black and heavy with cloud . int . shack kitchen - night Jake be gulp black coffee like a tequila shot , look pretty strung out . grace be smoking furiously . grace Jake , I can not allow this . you be just not strong enough . jake it 's the last door -- I be go through it . you can help I or get out of the way . Jake push past she toward the corridor -- grace ( grab he ) will you listen to I ? sometimes the na 'vi themselves die in this vision quest . the venom take you to the edge of death . ( more ) 83. grace ( cont would ) and the psychoactive alkaloid in the worm - - we have no idea what that will do in a avatar brain . Jake break free and wheel away , down the corridor . grace follow jake as he cross to the link . a sheet of lightning flash across the sky outside . norm be initialize the link . norm calibrate . thirty second . she put she hand on he shoulder . grace no matter what you prove out there -- you be still in here . ( shaking he ) right here . jake I have to go all the way -- become one of they -- grace ( furiously ) goddammit , Jake , you can never be one of they ! norm look up , startle at the vehemence in grace ' voice . grace we life out there take million of dollar of machinery to sustain . you visit -- and you leave . during this , Jake pull himself from he wheelchair , lever himself into the link , haul he useless leg inside . grace ( softening ) you can never truly be with she . Jake stop , pinion by the truth . he seem suddenly very lose . jake you know why I be here ? because quaritch send I . norm what ? 84 . jake that 's right -- to emb with the omaticaya . to find out how to screw they out of they home . by deceit or by force , he do not care . and if it turn out to be force , then how best to do it . norm be in shock . but Grace be eerily calm . grace and what about now , Jake ? jake I be not that guy any more . Grace nod . she 's be on he journey every step of the way . grace I know . jake but if I tell quaritch the truth , he yank I out -- I never see she again . and if I tell she the truth , the clan throw I out -- that 's if they do not cut my heart out and show it to I . Jake look hopelessly at the two of they . in he own perfect Hell . norm they will not understand what you have do . jake they do not even have a word for " lie " -- they have to learn it from we . Grace see he be on the verge of tear . lose and alone , between world . grace I know . I teach it to they . jake ( pleading ) Grace . I have gotta go . they be wait . norm link be ready . Grace stop he as he try to close the lid . 85 . grace Jake . you can not carry this burden much longer . jake ( smile wanly ) it 's okay . Mo 'at say a alien mind probably can not survive the dream hunt anyway . Grace close the lid . it feel like close a coffin . she watch he psionic pattern align to he avatar , somewhere out in the night . grace ( to norm ) prep my link . I be go in . CUT to : int . common / hometree - night jake sit , eye close , as neytiri and another young hunter paint he face and body in preparation for uniltaron -- the dream hunt . neytiri when you Spirit Animal come , you will know . they eye meet with emotion neither can conceal any longer . time CUT . grace stand with the crowd at the ramp to hometree's lowest level . Jake barely see she as he go down the spiral . she try to follow , but be bar by a hunter . below , seemingly in the womb of the earth , Jake walk slowly into the center of a tight circle of seat elder and hunter . a elder be slowly rapping a large water drum . time CUT -- mo 'at purify he with smoke from burn herb , chanting in a low monotone . Jake , squatting , wash the smoke over himself with he palm . macro - mo'at' finger unwrap a piece of wood riddled with hole . she catch the end of a glow purple worm , and draw it out of the wood . mo 'at ( subtitled ) oh wise worm , eater of the Sacred Tree -- bless this worthy Hunter with a true vision . 86 . mo 'at place the worm on Jake 's out - stretch tongue . it twist on itself , lighting he mouth before he close it . she indicate he should chew . he do . macro -- a earthen jar be open . eytukan remove a writhe black arachnoid , the pandoran equivalent of a scorpion . he place it against the back of Jake 's neck and press . the insect drive its stinger into Jake 's skin and -- Jake grimace . mo'at and eytukan step back , leave Jake alone in the circle . neytiri watch intently , join in the low chant . slow dolly in on Jake . his eye OPEN . he look around at the face -- they seem to transform , become threaten . Jake look down at the palm of he hand . jake' Pov -- he hand recede , he whole body , the ground and -- instantly the circle of na 'vi recede , as if to a distant horizon , leave vast ground in between . space be utterly distort , and SOUND as well -- echoing , thunderous . ecu jake -- pupil dilate black . he look around and -- the onlooker be go , replace by a ring of glow tree , which seem mile high . the whole image be bath in spectral radiance . Jake look down -- jake' Pov -- he body and hand transform -- finger stretch into tendril , leg become root which spread outward across the ground , a thousand glow dendrite which connect to the root of the tree and -- CUT to reality -- Jake be on he hand and knee , puking in the dirt . he contort , cry out in agony as the venom contract he muscle but -- in he vision Jake stand serene on a floating mountain cliff . a great black shadow cover he , the unmistakable X silhouette of a diving leonopteryx . the last shadow . camera scream down on he as the shadow grow larger -- we rush into he face , into the blackness of he pupil which fill the universe and -- 87 . real jake writhes in the dirt , he back arched as he muscle seize . he foam and thrashes , he eye roll back in he head , while inside -- time itself have accelerate -- cloud scream around the mountain top , mist boil through the forest . he feel the wind of time blow through he as -- real jake claw the ground , moan , stare blindly while -- inside , in Pov he fly over the landscape of pandora -- -- but the forest be blasted . fire flicker among tree that be burned black and lifeless in a smoky twilight . a great winged shadow be cast below , rippling over the devastate ground . avatar jake look down at the shadow . realize he be casting it , and we rush in to he pupil and -- pull back from the eye of a great leonopteryx , fly lordly and terrible over the land . it let out a almighty shriek which seem to echo to eternity and -- slam CUT to Jake , on he back , gasping -- back in he body . he weakly roll up to one elbow and look around the room . mo 'at it be finish . neytiri 's face be flood with relief . the face of the clan elder look at Jake expectantly . eytukan ( subtitled ) do you Spirit Animal come ? Jake look from eytukan to mo'at , tsu'tey and the elder . how can he tell they what he have see ? Mo 'at put she splay finger against he face , seem to peer into he troubled soul . mo 'at ( to Jake ) something have come . ( to the other , subtitle ) it will take time for the meaning to be clear . she step back , and eytukan motion for Jake to stand . he get up , weakly . 88. outside the enclosure -- eytukan emerge with Jake and the other . the entire clan be gather , wait to hear what have happen . Jake look up at the leonopteryx Skull totem , which seem to stare down at he . grace watch , she eye brim . proud. relieved . amaze . eytukan place both hand on Jake 's chest and hold they there . eytukan ( subtitled ) you be now a son of the omaticaya . you be part of the people . all the member of the clan press forward , crowd around and put they hand on Jake 's shoulder , back , chest -- hand upon hand , until he be connect to everyone . dissolve to : ext . rainforest - night jake and neytiri run silhouett in the night . behind they waterfall cascade down in the silvery light . polyphemus rise behind the tree . neytiri dive from a rock , slice into a mirror of water . Jake follow she and -- underwater , they swim over glow anemone . they seem to float in a cosmic dance above a luminous garden of wave shape . tiny purple fish swirl around they . they hand come together , finger twine , as they float weightlessly , as if between world . dissolve to : ext . willow glade laugh , they run together into a stand of willow . they trunk be as gnarled as bonsai . Long faintly glow tendril hang straight down in pastel curtain . underfoot , a bed of moss glow faintly . it react to they footstep with expand ring of light . it be a exquisitely beautiful spot . the willow stir , respond to they presence . she hold up she hand , let the tendril caress she . 89 . neytiri this be a place for prayer to be hear . and sometimes answer . Jake put out he hand and the tendril play over he finger , he palm , he forearm . his eye go wide . we hear the whispering of ancient na 'vi voice . jake it 's like -- a sound you feel . neytiri we call this utraya mokri -- the Tree of voice . the voice of we ancestor , who live within eywa . a few woodsprite circle around they , some alight on they shoulder and arm . they stand , very close together now . her eye be intense , almost luminous . he feel draw into they . but she pull back a little . neytiri you be omaticaya now . you may make you own bow from the wood of hometree . ( she look away ) and you may choose a woman . the amazon warrior try so hard to sound casual . Jake suppress a smile . neytiri we have many fine woman . ninat be the best singer -- jake I do not want ninat . neytiri there be beyral -- she be a good hunter -- Jake put he finger on she lip to stop she . jake I have already choose . but this woman must also choose I . she take he hand and they finger intertwine , move gently over each other . 90 . neytiri she already have . he put he face close to hers . she rub she cheek against he . he kiss she on the mouth . they explore each other . then she pull back , eye sparkling . neytiri kiss be very good . but we have something better . she pull he down until they be kneel , face each other on the faintly glow moss . neytiri take the end of she queue and raise it . Jake do the same , with tremble anticipation . the tendril at the end move with a life of they own , strain to be join . macro shot -- the tendril intertwine with gentle undulation . jake rock with the direct contact between he nervous system and hers . the ultimate intimacy . they come together into a kiss and sink down on the bed of moss , and ripple of light spread out around they . the willow sway , without wind , and the night be alive with pulsing energy as we dissolve to -- later . she be collapse across he chest . spend . he stroke she face tenderly . jake neytiri , you know my real body be far away , sleep . she raise up , place she fingertip to he chest -- neytiri this body be real . ( she touch he forehead ) this spirit be real . her eye be luminous , honest , infinitely deep . neytiri when I be first you teacher , I hate all Sky people . but you have also teach I . ( whispering ) Spirit be all that matter . 91 . she lay she head down , against he chest , listen to he heartbeat . neytiri I be with you now , Jake . we be mate for life . jake we be ? neytiri yes . it be we way . ( innocently ) oh. I forget to tell ? he rouse up , make she look at he . jake really , we be ? neytiri we be . Jake consider this . jake it 's cool . I be there . he lay he head down , and she arm enfold he , shelter he as he sleep . int . shack - night Jake 's eye open in the darkness . he just lie there , think . in he coffin . in another world . CUT to : ext . willow glade - dawn dawn break in the sacred glade . shaft of orange morning light . Jake and neytiri asleep in each other ' arm . maxfield parrish painting . but then -- the roar of engine . neytiri awaken with a start . the splintering , crackling of forest be crush under enormous tread get louder . she watch in grow horror as the blade of a bulldozer become a dark wall behind the shelter ring of willow . she shake Jake , shouting at he in na 'vi to wake up . 92 . neytiri Jake ! wake up ! where ever you be , come back to I now . Jake ! int . shack - dawn human jake be in a hurry to get back to the link . grace , still groggy , chase he with coffee and microwave egg . grace here -- eat this . I would hate to have to force - feed a cripple . she slam the lid shut before he can enter and stick the plate under he nose . grace ( grinning ) she 's not go anywhere . he sigh heavily and start wolfing the egg . ext . willow glade - dawn neytiri scream as -- the willow begin to fall before the blade , to be ground under the tread . avatar jake be directly in the path . she try to lift he , but he be too heavy . she be scream at he , frantically try to wake he , as -- int . shack - dawn Jake adjust himself in the link chair . he hand Grace the empty plate . grace and when be the last time you take a shower ? Jesus , Marine . Jake push she hand away and pull the lid down . ext . willow glade avatar jake wake up to see -- neytiri drag he , scream . he leap up as -- the dozer push inexorably into the glade , splintering the tree , plow the earth before it . jake run into the path of the bulldozer , wave he arm . 93. jake hey ! heeeey ! stop ! stop ! he position himself where the camera-ey of the robotic juggernaut will see he . int . ops CENTER - day close on monitor -- Jake shout but there 's no sound feed . wider as the tractor operator see he and pull back on the remote throttles . he yell to he supervisor . operator hey , I get one of the native blockin ' my blade here . this attract the attention of selfridge , who come over to the workstation . on the screen -- Jake , in he omaticaya loincloth and ceremonial body paint , be unrecognizable . supervisor ( to selfridge ) what do we do ? selfridge Roll on . he will move . this people have to learn that we do not stop . tight on throttles as the operator push they forward . on the screen Jake stumble back , trip , disappear below the blade for a second -- reappear , run to the side . ext . willow glade jake grab a rock and leap onto the dozer . he climb quickly to the camera mast . smash ! the rock crash into the lens of the camera . Jake beat the rock furiously against it , pound it to junk . int . ops CENTER close on monitor -- as Jake 's demonic face be replace by noise . operator I be blind . he pull back on the throttles . 94 . ext . willow glade the juggernaut grind to a stop . but the roar of engine continue because -- more dozer and tractor advance nearby , crush the forest before they . tree be slashed down by the plasma cutter . terrify animal flee before the onslaught . powersuits and troopers stride through the ravage forest , blast anything that move . a trooper see Jake on the dozer . he rip off a burst and -- round clang into metal as Jake dive off the machine . he grab neytiri and they run into conceal foliage . from behind a screen of leave , they watch as -- the dozer advance , obliterate the sacred site , leave only mud and wood splinter in they path . cu neytiri , stunne by the nightmarish , unfathomable wrongness of it . she sob as the willow die . int . ops CENTER minute later , the operator be play back the camera' feed for quaritch and the other . quaritch freeze it , right -- there . on monitor -- the image expands , until Jake 's face be clear , freeze in a animal snarl . selfridge Son of a bitch ! push in on quaritch as he jaw clenches in cold fury . he turn and stride toward the door , shouting to he watch commander as he pass . quaritch get I a pilot ! CUT to : int . common / hometree - day a raiding party of hunter , they body paint , raise weapon overhead . avatar grace watch with grow alarm . 95 . eytukan ( subtitled ) tsu'tey will lead the war party ! tsu'tey step forward , face full of hate , raise a war cry among the hunter . grace ( subtitled ) please -- this will only make it worse -- tsu'tey you do not speak here ! jake and neytiri cross the common toward they . Jake feel all eye turn toward he . he take she arm , stop she . jake ( to neytiri , low ) okay , listen . there 's something I have to tell you . it 's gonna be hard . I just need you to -- he see tsu ' tey stride toward they , he face a mask of fury . tsu'tey you ! tsu'tey walk right up and slam Jake in the chest with both hand . it be so unexpected , that Jake topple on he ass . tsu'tey you mate with this woman ?! grace oh shit . Jake stand . he reach out for neytiri . she go to he , clutching he hand . mo 'at be this true ? neytiri ( subtitled ) we be mate before eywa . it be do . tsu'tey turn to mo'at and eytukan , he face anguish . 96 . tsu'tey ( subtitled ) neytiri be promise to I ! everything be change . everything be be destroy ! tsu'tey point at Jake , he pain shifting to rage . tsu'tey ( subtitled ) this alien kill everything they touch , like poison . mo 'at neytiri ! if you choose this path , you can never be tsahik . you life will be waste . neytiri look at she mother -- see the grief in she eye . neytiri I have choose . tsu'tey draw he knife and -- tsu'tey yeeeeeaaa ! lunge at jake , who 's ready this time -- he sidestep , block the knife , and elbow tsu'tey hard in the face . tsu 'tey reel back , nose bleed . he start forward on a second attack but -- eytukan grab he arm and spin he around . eytukan ( subtitled ) stop ! this be not a proper challenge . tsu'tey glare at Jake while sheathing he knife . tsu'tey I challenge you . grace Jake , do not -- jake I accept . CUT to : 97 . int . / ext . samson - day quaritch ride leave seat as trudy pilot through the mountain . she glance at he , then toggle the aircom . trudy loveshack this be samson one six inbound hot to you pos . I have Colonel quaritch with I and -- but quaritch slam the switch , cut she off . quaritch do I tell you to announce we ? trudy sorry sir , it 's procedure . int . shack norm punch button on the comm console . norm samson one six ? trudy ? ( no answer ) crap . he look helplessly at Jake and Grace 's link unit -- no way to warn they . int . hometree - day tsu'tey and jake square off . each hold a long , solid staff . the entire clan crowd around they in a circle . grace what the hell be you do ? jake it 's the only way to get he to goddamn listen . tsu'tey leap at Jake with a sharp cry and Jake parry with he staff . the stave clack off each other as the two combatant leap , duck and strike furiously . tsu'tey sweep Jake off he foot with a roundhouse hit to the ankle , but -- Jake roll out of it and catch tsu'tey in the belly with the blunt end . 98 . ext . site 26 - day trudy's samson land . quaritch and a posse of trooper jump down and rush the shack . int . common tsu ' tey wade in with a series of short , sharp blow . Jake swing with equal fury . both fight from the heart . the stave whistle through the air , and clack together like gunshot . Jake press hard , and tsu'tey stagger back , stumbling as -- Jake land a solid hit , drop he to he knee , just as -- int . shack the inner door bang open and quaritch stomp toward Grace 's link control . norm hey , hang on , you can not interrupt a link in progress , it 's dangerous -- wait ! quaritch shove he aside and smack he fist down on the power switch . Grace 's unit go dead and -- int . common avatar grace be eye roll back and she keel over . neytiri barely catch she before she hit the ground . jake parry as tsu'tey swing but then -- Jake 's eye go blank just as -- k-rack ! tsu'tey put one alongside he head . Jake sprawl , completely inert . tsu'tey poke he with he staff , then raise it and let out a pierce victory cry . int . shack - day jake slam OPEN the link , amp from the fight , furious -- jake be you out of you goddamn mind ?! quaritch you cross a line . quaritch punch he hard . Jake flop back , daze . the trooper yank he out and zip - tie he wrist . 99 . int . common tsu'tey draw he knife , and bend down , grab Jake by the hair . tsu'tey ( subtitled ) this be a demon in a false body . it should not live . he put he knife to Jake 's throat but -- neytiri blind - side he at full tilt . tsu'tey sprawl , roll , come up to see -- neytiri crouch like a lioness over Jake , she knife and tooth bare , she ear flatten . she snarl with primal fury . tsu 'tey stand panting . he push through the crowd and walk away , call for he hunter . CUT to : int . ops CENTER - dusk tight on monitor -- show jake' avatar face on the dozer camera , as he pound a rock into the lens . the shot freeze on Jake 's animal snarl . wider -- human jake sit , bruise and bleed , watch himself on the monitor . grace and norm stand nearby , rub they wrist where the zip -ty bit in . selfridge and quaritch watch with disdain . quaritch you let I down , son . you get a little local pussy and completely forget what team you play for . Jake meet he gaze with a defiant glare . grace parker , listen , there may still be time to -- quaritch shut you fuck hole ! Grace be momentarily stunne by quaritch 's fury . but she meet it with she own intensity , not back down a inch . 100 . grace or what , Ranger Rick ? you gonna shoot I ? ( to selfridge ) you need to muzzle you dog ! selfridge can we just take this down a couple notches , please . jake ( to quaritch ) you say you want to keep you people alive . start by listen to she . Jake nod to Grace to continue . grace ( to selfridge ) this be bad , parker . that tree be sacred to the omaticaya in a way you can not imagine . selfridge you know what ? you throw a stick in the air around here it fall on some sacred fern . grace I be not talk about pagan voodoo here -- I be talk about something real and measurable in the biology of the forest . selfridge ( frustrate ) which be what exactly ? Grace 's nerve fail . a rush of conflict emotion -- the need to act , to do something , collide with she scientific rigor . grace ( to Jake ) I can not do this . how be I suppose to reduce year of work to a sound bite for the illiterate ? jake just tell he what you know in you heart . she turn to parker , steeling herself . 101 . grace alright , look -- I do not have the answer yet , I be just now start to even frame the question . what we think we know -- be that there 's some kind of electrochemical communication between the root of the tree . like the synapse between neuron . each tree have ten to the fourth connection to the tree around it , and there be ten to the twelfth tree on pandora -- selfridge that 's a lot I be guess . grace that 's more connection than the human brain . you get it ? it 's a network -- a global network . and the na 'vi can access it -- they can upload and download data -- memory -- at site like the one you destroy . selfridge what the hell have you people be smoking out there ? they be just . goddamn . tree . grace you need to wake up , parker . the wealth of this world be not in the ground -- it 's all around we . the na 'vi know that , and they be fight to defend it . if you want to share this world with they , you need to understand they . quaritch we understand they just fine . thanks to Jake here . Jake share a look of alarm with Grace as quaritch select a new clip on the main monitor -- tight on monitor -- video - log image of Jake , look haggard and borderline derange , rambling in a late- night monologue . jake ( recorded ) they be not go to give up they home -- they be not gonna make a deal . for what ? lite beer and shopping channel ? there 's nothing we have that they want . we be a horror to they . we be the monster from space . 102 . jake watch with a grow dread as he word condemn the people he have grow to love . jake ( recorded ) they be never go to leave hometree . quaritch freeze the recording . quaritch since a deal can not be make -- it get real simple . ( to Jake , icily ) so thanks . I be get all emotional . I might just give you a big wet kiss . grace parker , we have to talk , like rational people . selfridge well , I would cherish that , but unfortunately you be out of here on the next shuttle . all of you . I be shutting down the avatar Program , effective now . on jake , grace and norm , speechless . slow dissolve to : a wall of FIRE . silhouettes of direhorse rider cross in slow motion , spear and bow hold high . int . ops CENTER - morning monitor screen image -- wainfleet pan a camera across the smolder hulk of burned dozer . the topple remain of a char ampsuit . Dead trooper bristle with arrow . wainfleet they hit with banshee first . set the ampsuit on fire . Driver 's toast . quaritch and selfridge look on grimly . quaritch the rest of the squad ? wainfleet six body -- that 's all of `em . and the equipment be totalled . selfridge Christ . 103 . int . selfridge's office - day selfridge be stare soberly as quaritch outline the plan . quaritch I can do it with minimal casualty to the indigenous . we will clear they out with gas first . it will be humane . more or less . selfridge sigh and rub he face . quaritch hey , do not go limp on I now . this be exactly the incident we need . selfridge alright , let 's pull the trigger . CUT to : int . bio lab max and the lab staff be glumly pack file and equipment , under the watchful eye of armed SEC -op troopers . jake , grace , norm stare bleakly at each other . grace they bulldoze a sacred site on purpose , to trigger a response . they be fabricate this war to get what they want . norm I can not believe that . jake yup . that 's how it 's do . when people be sit on shit you want , you make they you enemy . then you be justified in take it . trudy run into the lab , breathless . she 's wear full flight gear and carry she helmet . trudy sec-op be roll the gunship . they be gonna hit hometree ! jake when ? trudy now . we be spool up now ! I gotta go . 104 . grace my God . Jake pump furiously toward the door , Grace follow . int . ops CENTER - day selfridge survey the airfield , where crew swarm over the gunship , load ordnance . he turn as jake and grace charge toward he . grace parker , wait . stop ! this be people you be about to -- selfridge they be fly-bitten savage who live in a tree ! look around -- I do not know about you but I see a lot of tree . they can move . grace for God 's sake , there be child in there . Babies ! jake look selfridge , you do not want this kind of blood on you hand . let I try to talk they out . they trust I . on selfridge , consider this . CUT to : int . link room selfridge and a escort of armed troopers accompany Jake and Grace to the link . the two enter they unit , as norm and max prep the system . selfridge you have get one hour . unless you want you girlfriend in there when the axe come down , you get they to evacuate . one hour . Jake lower the upper clamshell . norm start the sequence . CUT to : int . common - day the entire clan be gather , with eytukan and mo'at preside . Jake look around , feel the gaze of the people upon he . he steel himself , and speak in clear na 'vi -- 105 . jake ( subtitled ) eytukan , I have something to say , to everyone . eytukan ( subtitled ) speak , jakesully . jake ( subtitled ) a great evil be upon we . the Sky people be come to destroy hometree . they will be here soon . a murmur of fear and anger go through the crowd . jake ( subtitled ) you have to leave , or you will die . mo 'at be you certain of this ? jake they send I here to learn you way . so one day I could bring this message , and you would believe it . neytiri what be you say , Jake ? you know this would happen ? he be unable to meet she eye . jake yes . ( anguished ) at first it be just order . then everything change . I fall in love -- with the forest , with the omaticaya people -- ( he look at she ) -- with you . and by then , how could I tell you ? neytiri can barely breathe . she be shaking with the enormity of it , she voice crack with rage and pain -- neytiri I trust you , Jake ! 106 . jake neytiri . please , I only want to -- neytiri you will never be one of the people ! never ! tsu'tey yell to he hunter -- tsutey ( subtitled ) bind they . they grab Jake , who do not resist . other seize Grace . both be drive to they knee , and they arm bound . CUT to : ext . rainforest - day scorpion gunship darken the sky as they come over the top of the tree . at the head of the formation be one much larger ship , a monster 150 foot long -- the general dynamics C - 21 dragon gunship . quaritch , next to the pilot of the Dragon , survey the world below like napoleon astride he horse . ext . hometree jake and grace be lash to post at the front entrance to hometree . the people look up as -- the dragon and its escort of gunship arrive over the tree . the down -blast from they rotor create a maelstrom of fly leave and debris . in the dragon cockpit quaritch watch a target screen -- a telescopic image of Jake and Grace tie to post . quaritch well , I would say diplomacy have fail . tsu'tey and another hunter hold knife to the throat of the two avatar , glaring defiantly at the gunship . quaritch I think they mean to cut they throat if we do not back off . make sure you get a nice close - up of that . I can tack it onto the after-action report . jake yell to neytiri , tsu'tey , the other gather nearby -- 107 . jake you have to get out of hometree ! run to the forest ! please , I be begging you ! eytukan scowl at Jake , then grab tsu'tey and yell -- eytukan ( subtitled ) take the ikran ! attack from above ! tsu'tey grab some hunter and run up the root of hometree . in the cockpit quaritch grow impatient . quaritch alright , let 's get this do . give I forty millimeter gas round , right in the front door . gunner Roger . cs forty . go hot . quaritch Fire . on the Dragon 's stub-wing the 40 mm rocket launchers open up with a barrage of leaping fire which flash down and -- k-whoom !k-whoom !k-whoom ! -- the inside of hometree erupt with multiple explosion of teargas . the gas roll across the confuse villager . they begin to cough and gag . eytukan and the remain hunter bravely fire at the gunship with they longbow . in the dragon' cockpit , quaritch laugh as arrow clink against the armored window . amid cloud of teargas , the omaticaya run , stumble , collapse . eytukan ( yell / subtitle ) everybody outside ! go to the Forest . the villager pour out of hometree . everyone be yell . pierce scream in the boil gas . jake , eye stream , struggle with he binding . ka -whoom ! a incendiary round explode inside the commons . flame roar through the base of hometree . 108 . inside hometree it be a burn smoky hell . flame roar up the inside like a chimney . straggler scramble outside , cough and drag wounded with they . High up in the trunk , tsu'tey and he hunter leap rapidly from speak to speak , climb barely ahead of the fireball . outside the fire be drive by the rotor- wash toward jake and grace who be still bound tightly to the post . out of the smoke , mo 'at appear in front of Jake . she raise a knife and -- slashes downward . Jake look down , surprised , to see he bond fall away . he meet she eye , which be fill with horror , but also something else . call it faith . mo 'at you be one of we . help we ! Jake take the knife and cut Grace free . jake we have gotta move ! he 's gonna blow the column . as Grace realize what he mean , he grab she and they run . around they the omaticaya flee in horror and confusion . in the cockpit , quaritch watch as the omaticaya stream away from the great Tree , run along root and branch . quaritch that 's how you scatter the roach . okay , switch missile . give I h- E 's at the base of the west column . pilot ( v.o. ) copy , switch missile . in trudy's samson -- she hear the other pilot acknowledge quaritch 's order . trudy screw it . she take she finger off the fire-control and pull she aircraft out of formation . pushing in on quaritch , the hometree reflect in he glass . 109 . quaritch bring it down . missile stream down from the dragon and the other gunship and -- the base of hometree vanish in a chain of high - explosive blast . the massive pillar fragment into matchstick , and -- the omaticaya watch in horror as -- hometree groans and start to move . in a cacophony of crack , splintering root , the mighty tree topples with agonizing slowness . at the banshee eyrie , tsu'tey and the other hunter spur they mount into flight . they swoop among the branch as the tree , the one fix thing in they life , move . it crash down through the forest canopy , crush the lesser tree in its path , falling ponderously . hometree hit the ground like the end of the world , raise a great cloud of dust and pulverize debris . in the dragon cockpit , quaritch survey the destruction . quaritch Nice work people . alright , let 's light it up . incendiaries launch from the gunship , exploding into gout of FIRE in the debris of hometree . the gunship fan the flame through the tree like a fire - storm . the omaticaya retreat as a wall of FIRE advance . jake search for neytiri amid swirl smoke and spark . jake neytiri ! neytiri ! grace be gather cry child , and herding they away from the fire-storm . neytiri stumble through the burn wreckage at the edge of the inferno . she see -- eytukan . a large shard of wood be drive through he like a spear . he recognize she as she kneel over he . 110 . eytukan ( subtitled ) daughter -- take my bow . protect the people . in he last live moment he place he bow in she hand . she collapse over he , she face crumpling in grief . jake reel out of the smoke . kneel next to she . jake I be sorry -- she shove he away and stand , scream at he as tear stream down she face . neytiri get away from I , Jake . go away ! never come back ! Jake stumble back as she slump down by she father 's body . spark and smoke swirl around he . he watch as -- netyiri kneel , grieve . slump over , clutching she stomach . keen like a animal . slow motion -- Jake stagger lose and alone through the burn forest . utterly shattered . eye vacant . jake ( v.o. ) I be a warrior who dream he could bring peace . sooner or later though , you always have to wake up ... int . link room selfridge watch a video feed of the destruction on one of the monitor . Max and norm stare in shock . selfridge pull the plug . a trooper cross to the console and grab the handle of the master breaker -- ext . rainforest the string be cut . Jake flop to the ground , limp . elsewhere in the smoky Hell , Grace slump unconscious . the cry kid pull at she . mo'at , lead a group of omaticaya , come upon the scene . 111 . she grab the kid and pull they away , leave Grace 's avatar helpless in the path of the flame . she hesitates , then -- mo 'at ( subtitled ) bring she . int . link room blackness . then the top clamshell of Jake 's unit be yank upward , and trooper grab he , zip - tie he wrist as we -- CUT to : ext . rainforest - dusk on a hillside -- a grieve neytiri stand with mo'at and the omaticaya refugee . two hunter pull Grace 's avatar on a travois . they watch as the flame burn like a funeral pyre below . a great pall of smoke darken the landscape . dissolve to : int . lock - up - night Jake , Grace , and norm be in a common hold cell . they sit , stare in silence . too wire to sleep , too emotionally drain to move . grace they never want we to succeed . at the desk outside , the lone trooper look up as -- trudy approach along the corridor , push a stainless steel trolley . trudy personally I think steak 's too good for this traitor . guard they get steak ? that 's bullshit . let I see that -- the guard bend to look into the hot cart and -- the muzzle of trudy 's pistol press behind he ear . 112 . trudy oops. ( shove he down ) all the way down , pendejo . she whistle and max trot around the corner . trudy bind the guard with one of he own zip -ty as Max grab he key card and run to the cell . swipe the card . the door be roll open when -- another trooper round the corner . trudy take he down with a sharp blow to the windpipe and a thai knee to the rib . meanwhile the first trooper be get up , but Max clock he heartily with a coffee urn . he go down and stay down . max that be unexpectedly satisfy . trudy plant a kiss on norm as he run out of the cell . norm baby , you rock . Jake wheel out , grab the sidearm from the fall trooper as trudy bind he wrist . jake ( to Max and trudy ) thanks . Jake face he motley group , chamber a round . jake so what do you say ? time for a revolution ? grace I be free . trudy grin and tap he fist . jake come on . CUT to : int . utilidor in the utility corridor under the base , Jake pump the chair furiously , as the other jog . they reach a airlock and start don exopack . 113 . jake ( to trudy ) get you ship fire up . trudy nod . she grab norm and enter the airlock . Jake turn to Max . jake stay here . I need somebody on the inside I can trust . Max nod . Jake grip he hand tightly . CUT to : ext . airfield - night in the samson , norm be help trudy race through the preflight check as the turbine spool up . a light hit they . a armored trooper approach , aim he ar at they . trooper I need you to shut down and step out of the vehicle ! now ! jake roll up behind he , aim he pistol . jake take it nice and easy , troop . the trooper turn , see the gun . jake on the ground , face down . hand behind you head . the trooper hesitates . grace do what he goddamn say ! he do . norm jump down and grab the trooper 's rifle and side - arm , cover he , while Grace help Jake from chair to the back bay of the chopper . she throw he chair in , and jump in herself . jake go! go! go! 114 . int . ops CENTER - night quaritch , watch a monitor , see what 's happen down at the airfield . he slam he palm down on a alarm button . he draw he pistol . stride toward the emergency door . he undog it . ext . ops CENTER / airfield - night holding he breath quaritch yank the hatch open and stride onto the outer landing . Inside people scramble for mask . the samson lift off in a blast of rotor - wash just as -- quaritch open FIRE and -- round rake the ship . trudy bank hard , use the bottom to shield they . bullet whack into the ship as she climb - out over the tree-line . Jake 's fist pump the air exultantly . jake oh yeah , baby ! grace aaahh , crap . not again . he look over at Grace and freeze . she be look down at a bloody hand . she clutches she abdomen , cover the spread stain . look at Jake , wide -ey . grace this be gonna ruin my whole day . jake hang on , Grace . CUT to : ext . shack / site 26 - night norm avatar , with a ar sling over he shoulder , stand on the roof of the link module . he give a thumb up signal . the lift cable go taut and -- the shack lift off the ground . trudy 's samson beat the grass of the mountain meadow , strain to lift the module on a long - line sling . the shack sway as trudy bank across forest slope and head deeper into the hallelujah mountain . 115 . int . samson cabin - night outside the window , cloud and cliff pass by , light by polyphemus . Jake be yanking stuff out of the samson 's trauma bag , while Grace lie curl across two back seat , hugging she blood - soak abdomen . she be pale and shocky . trudy be fly on visual only , by the light of polyphemus . her instrument be show gibberish . trudy well , at least they will not be able to track we up here . not this deep in the vortex . jake it 's strongest at the well of soul , right ? trudy yeah . jake good , `cause that 's where we be go . trudy copy . he give Grace a ampule of morphine for the pain . jake I be gonna get you some help , Grace . grace forget it , it do not matter . Jake grab she shoulder . jake no ! the people can help you . I know it . CUT to : ext . well of soul - aerial - dawn Dawn light paint the massive arch of magnetic rock above the well of soul . tiny as a insect , the samson pass . 116 . jake ( v.o. ) the well of soul . the heart of the forest . I know the people would go there . ext . well of soul - dawn the well of soul be a deep caldera 100 meter across . it be ringed with enormous willow whose root seem to pour down the sheer rock wall like candle wax . at the bottom , in a natural amphitheater , the omaticaya refugee be cluster around a central rock outcropping which form a kind of dais and altar . shaft of dawn light reach to the bottom of the grotto , lighting a single willow -- the mother tree . ancient and gnarled , it grow in the center of the rock . its root spread down to the grotto floor , where they merge with the root of the willow ringing the well -- form a braid mat resembling the surface of a brain . Mo 'at stand on the dais , lead they in a chant . mo 'at ( subtitled ) Wise ancestor who live within eywa , guide we . give we a sign . CUT to : ext . forest clearing - dawn the shack descend from the sky like a gift from the god . it bump to the ground . CUT to : int . shack -- day Grace lie , comatose , in she open link . trudy give Jake a look that say " not much time . " Jake feel Grace 's cold forehead , then cross to he own link . as trudy help he in , norm rapidly prep the system . norm ( low ) tsu'tey be olo'eyctan now . he 's not go to let you get near that place . jake I have gotta try , norm . 117 . Jake pull the clamshell down and we -- CUT to : ext . ruins of hometree - day cu jake' avatar -- he eye OPEN . he sit up . the forest be silent , shroud in smoke that the sun can not penetrate . the animal have fle . ash blow on the wind . jake ( v.o. ) outcast . betrayer . alien . to ever face they again , I be gonna have to change the rule . dissolve -- jake reach the top of a rise . the forest beyond be utterly devastate . the tree burn and fall . small fire still flicker across a landscape in Hell . jake stare . it be he vision , make real . he stumble through the dark wasteland , spark and ash swirl around he . a screech . Jake look up as -- he banshee -- bond for life -- flap down to a landing in front of he . he step to it , and stroke its head . it nudge he chest like a horse . jake ( v.o. ) sometimes you whole life boil down to one insane move . jake come on , boy . time to fly . omiited ext . mountain - day the great leonopteryx glide effortlessly along the ridge where Jake and neytiri first encounter he . it scan for prey below , its magnificent indigo - crest head cock leave , then right . jake ( v.o. ) the way I have it figure , toruk be the baddest cat in the sky . nothing attack he . so why would he ever look up ? from above -- the SMALL shadow of Jake 's banshee fall across the back of the mighty toruk . 118 . jake ( v.o. ) but that be just a theory . jake dive and we rush down toward the great beast and we own shadow then -- CUT to : ext . well of soul - late afternoon the omaticaya people lift they voice in a song fill with tragic loss and yearn for deliverance . close on neytiri , sing . a shadow cross her face . she look up , and she eye go wide as -- a terrible cry echoe , turn all eye skyward . a enormous shadow cover the crowd as -- toruk come out of the sun , beat its huge wing to slow its descent . its crimson and black wing , backlit by the sun , seem to glow from within . the people cry out in alarm and scatter as the dread beast alight in they midst . and that 's when they see -- jake , riding high on its shoulder , plugge - in to its antenna . it fold its wing and stand calmly amid the paralyze na 'vi . toruk lower its body . they stare in awe as Jake dismount and stroke the magnificent animal 's flank . neytiri , tsu'tey and mo 'at watch in stunne amazement as the legendary Rider of last shadow walk toward they . neytiri ( breathe the word ) toruk macto . neytiri raise she arm . neytiri ( shout ) toruk macto ! on the face of the omaticaya -- new hope dawn in they eye . whisper flow among they , the word repeated -- crowd toruk macto ... toruk macto ... 119 . Jake walk through the crowd , straight to neytiri at the foot of the dais . he look into she enormous eye , and the emotion between they be powerful and pure . neytiri I see you . jake ( a hoarse whisper ) I see you . neytiri 's eye brim with tear . neytiri I be afraid Jake -- for my people . I be not any more . Jake take neytiri 's hand and climb the step of the dais . mo 'at step back in awe as he approach . he turn to tsu'tey , who stare at he with fear and incomprehension . Jake play to the rapt crowd as he say -- jake ( subtitled ) tsu'tey of the Rongloa , son of ateyo . I stand before you , ready to serve the people . ( then just for tsu'tey ) you be olo'eyctan , and you be the best warrior . I can not do this without you . tsu'tey struggle with he emotion . finally -- tsu'tey I will fly with you . jake ireiyo . jake turn to the matriarch . jake Grace be die . I beg the help of the great mother . mo 'at bring she , jakesully . time CUT -- avatar jake carry Grace 's human body , lightly in he arm like a child . Jake walk through the crowd to the dais , follow by norm , who carry grace's avatar . 120 . jake look where we be , Grace . her eye flutter open . she look up wonderingly at the mother Tree . grace ( with a want smile ) I need to take some sample . Mo 'at direct they to lay both body among the root on the altar-rock . Mo 'at touch Jake 's shoulder and he step back . mo 'at ( quietly ) the great mother may choose to save all that she be -- mo'at 's hand indicate Grace 's avatar -- mo 'at -- in this body . cu jake , realize the enormity of what she 's say . jake be that possible ? mo'at possible , yes . she must pass through the Eye of eywa -- and return . but jakesully -- she be very weak . Jake kneel next to Grace , take she tiny human hand in he avatar hand . jake hang on , they be gonna fix you up . Grace be barely conscious . she grip he hand . grace I -- always hold back . but you give they you heart . I be proud of you , Jake . Jake feel he throat close with emotion . Grace 's eye blaze with intensity though she voice be faint . 121 . grace help they . you do whatever it take . you hear I ? jake I will . time CUT -- mo 'at stand in a kind of trance amongst the tendril of the mother Tree . neytiri and the other acolyte dance hypnotically . all the omaticaya sway and chant to the rhythm of the drum . macro shot -- fine , hairlike thread have emerge from the root and be gently spread over Grace 's human skin . jake , still hold she hand , watch she body be fuse to the root - floor by a thousand connection . grace's avatar be gently connect by the same questing root - cilia -- they entwine with the queue and spread over the body . the grotto be dark except for the spectral glow of the willow . the chant continue , hypnotically . mo 'at , on she knee beneath the mother Tree , writhes she arm in the trance state . her eye be roll back , show only white . grace gasp and she eye SNAP OPEN . her expression be amazed , as if see something so beautiful it can never be explain . on her hand -- gripping Jake 's convulsively , as she try to anchor herself to this world for a few more second -- grace I be with she Jake -- ( a amaze whisper ) -- she 's real -- Grace shudder , as pain shoot through she . blood seep through the silken white root-cilia grow across she abdomen . drown white in shocking crimson . she exhales a last shudder breath -- and go still . jake Grace ! he see the root fall away from she human body . jake turn hopefully toward she avatar -- but the root be fall away from it as well . it sleep -- vacant . 122 . mo 'at stop the chant . she cross to Jake and kneel with he , touch he shoulder . mo 'at her wound be too great , there be not enough time . she be with eywa now . neytiri remove Grace 's mask and gently close she eye . Jake stand slowly , barely hold it together . neytiri come to he and he see the despair and hope conflict on she face -- -- and he raise he head . turn to face tsu'tey and the crowd . jake with you permission , I will speak now . you would honor I by translate . tsu'tey gesture assent , and they face the clan together . jake speak , the pain of Grace 's death in the passion and fury of he voice . tsu'tey translate beside he . jake the Sky people have send a message that they can take whatever they want , and no one can stop they . but we will send they a message . ride out , as fast as the wind can carry you , tell the other clan to come . tell they toruk macto call to they . fly now with I brother and sister ! fly ! and we will show the Sky people that this be we land ! tsu ' tey finish with a bloodcurdle war-cry , and the entire clan respond , they shout echoing across the forest . jake take neytiri 's hand and run to the leonopteryx . he vault onto its back and pull she up behind he . the hunter run to they banshee , mount quickly . Jake 's leonopteryx rise on mighty wing into the night sky . with a thunder of wing , the banshee take off after it . long lens -- polyphemus . across its face , the banshee rise like a swarm of bat . group of rider peel off in different direction . CUT to : 123 . ext . clan gathering - night jake and neytiri stand before the gather member of another clan . Jake speak as she translate . we do not hear the word . track across the face of the clan , a sea of eye in flicker fire-light . jake ( v.o. ) we ride out to the four wind . to the horse clan of the plain , to the ikran people of the mountain . when toruk macto call they , they come . various angle -- slow motion as rider vault onto they armored direhorse . banshee rider raise spear and bow , spurring they mount to leap skyward . CUT to : ext . well of soul - dawn with a whoosh and the crack of mighty wing , jake return . Jake and neytiri alight from he legendary mount . around they hundred of banshee be landing . a gather of eagle . from above we can see hundred of na 'vi stream down into the well of soul and many hundred more campe in the forest above it . direhorse rider be arrive along many trail . banshee rider circle and swoop , darken the sky above the grotto . jake , stand next to the leonopteryx , watch he army gather . CUT to : int . commissary - day it 's stand room only as all base personnel be crowded into the dining hall . a portable 3d graphic projector have be set up , and the light be down . quaritch stand in front of the display image -- a classic pre-mission briefing . quaritch people , you be fight for survival . there 's a aboriginal horde out there mass for a attack . first slide . 124 . the display show a overhead image of the well of soul . it look like woodstock in the jungle . quaritch this orbital image show the hostile ' number have go from a couple of hundred to over two thousand in one day , and more be pour in . by next week it could be twenty thousand . then they will be overrun we perimeter here . we can not wait . we only security lie in pre- emptive attack . we will fight terror with terror . tracking across the grim face of the miner and trooper . fear transform to hatred in they eye . quaritch next slide . this mountain stronghold be supposedly protect by they deity . when we destroy it , we will blast a crater in they racial memory so deep they will not come within a thousand klick of this place . CUT to : int . armor BAY - day troopers issue automatic weapon and magazine to a long line of mine worker . the miner lock and load like the red - blooded redneck nra supporter they be . blasting tech be set radio- detonate primer charge into two - ton stack of explosive compound . the stack be band - strapped together on pallet . tracking with selfridge , stare around he in grow dismay as he walk through the full - scale mobilization . he approach quaritch , who be bark order amid a hive of activity around the ampsuit . selfridge this thing be completely out of control ! quaritch ignore he , turn away to focus on ordnance load . selfridge listen to I ! I be not authorize you to turn the mine - worker local into a freakin ' militia ! 125 . quaritch I declare threat condition red . that put all on - world asset under my command . selfridge you think you can pull this palace coup shit on I ?! I can have you ass with one call -- quaritch grab he and pin he against the side of a ampsuit . quaritch you be a long way from Earth . selfridge be paralyze . physical force -- against he ? quaritch release he and walk away . quaritch ( to he man ) get he out of here . several trooper converge on selfridge . selfridge you touch I you be so fire . he push through they and they escort he toward the door . CUT to : int . shack - day human jake , norm and trudy be gather around the comm monitor , talk to max . max I do not know how secure this channel be . jake talk fast . max it 's crazy here , Jake . it 's full mobilization . they be rigging the shuttle as bomber . they have make up this big pallet of mine explosive . it 's for some kind of shock and awe campaign . trudy frickin ' daisycutter . 126 . norm Holy shit . jake ( to Max ) can you talk to selfridge ? maybe we can cut some kinda deal before this thing go all the way . max no , quaritch have take over . he 's roll and there 's no stop he . jake when ? max oh six hundred tomorrow . Jake take that in . jake thanks . Max sign off . norm we be screw . trudy you know he 's gonna commit that bomber straight to the well of soul . jake that 's right . because I give it to he on a plate . trudy we both do . norm if he take out the well of soul -- it 's over . it 's they main line to eywa , to they ancestor -- it will destroy they . jake then I guess we better stop he . Jake look like he 's about to collapse . he 's gaunt , eye deeply shadow , hand shaking . trudy you need to get some rack . 127 . he grab a packet of freeze-dry crystal and pour they directly into he mouth , chew they up . jake gonna have to settle for coffee . CUT to : ext . battle camp - dusk tracking through the warrior camp above the well of soul . hundred of hunter from many clan prepare they weapon . hunters paint the wing of they banshee like war pony . direhorse be paint and ornament with totemic streamer . the na 'vi paint and pierce themselves . dance . bathe in the smoke of cleanse herb -- ritual purification . huge drum be beat . a dark primeval energy . they be psyching themselves up for battle . jake ( v.o. ) I be a warrior who dream he could bring peace . but there be only one thing I be ever really good at . ooh-rah . time CUT -- Jake , neytiri a group of banshee rider squat around a animal skin on which he have draw the silhouette of a scorpion gunship -- like a hunt totem . jake ( na 'vi / subtitle ) Strike here and here . Jake splat red dye at the center of the circle symbolize the rotor . the na 'vi absorb the lesson eagerly , like kid . he see trudy approach and break off . neytiri stay with the hunter , talk about what they have learn . trudy ( low ) you know we chance suck . jake yeah . trudy go up against gunship with bow and arrow ... jake what 's you point ? 128. trudy ( nodding ) right . she tap he fist and walk away toward she samson . CUT to : ext . well of soul - night the cook -fire of the battle camp flicker like a constellation around the edge of the well of soul as -- jake slip down into the darken , empty amphitheater . he move to the mother tree -- gnarled , ancient , majestic . the root spread in all direction , like the center of the world . Jake step forward . the willow - like tendril sway toward he , move in a breeze that be not there . jake I have never do this in my life . he squat at the base of the tree . jake and I be probably just talk to a tree right now . but if you be there -- I need to give you a head up . he look up into the tree . the hang tendril undulate softly . it 's easy to imagine a presence . jake if Grace be there with you -- look in she memory -- she can show you the world we come from . there 's no green there . they kill they mother , and they be gonna do the same thing here . from up in the tree , look down . woodsprite float in silence , move around aimlessly . jake more Sky people be gonna come . they be gonna come like a rain that never end -- neytiri approach silently behind he , listen . jake -- until they have cover the world . unless we stop they . ( more ) 129 . jake ( cont would ) look , you choose I for somethin' . and I will stand and fight , you know I will . but I could use a little help here . Jake sense neytiri and turn . neytiri we great mother do not take side . she protect only the balance of life . she come to he , intertwine she long finger with he . jake it be worth a try . they lean in , forehead touch , body press together . holding each other -- in this , the last moment of peace . CUT to : tight on a turbine as it start to turn . its rising whine carry over -- a series of rhythmic cut : magazine be slam into automatic weapon . ammo belt be feed into rotary cannon . missile be attach to gunship stub-wing . tight on blue hand sharpen wooden arrow . string bow . cinch direhorse harness . troopers drop into ampsuit cockpit . pilot close gunship canopy . troopers run up shuttle ramp . long lens stack , tight and abstract on gunship as they rise in a swarm amid boil turbine exhaust and blast rotor wash . ext . rainforest / aerial - dawn wide shot -- tiltrotor fill the sky . deadly armored beetle . the dragon lead the formation , flanke by scorpion . behind that be a wave of samson , and last , the two enormous valkyrie shuttle , pack with troops and ampsuit . inside the dragon , quaritch survey he armada as they skim over the tree top . they sweep toward the hallelujah mountain in a thunder wave . 130 . ext . mountain / aerial - dawn squadron of banshee darken the sky in wave , lead by a single great leonopteryx . Jake sit astride he mount , flanke by neytiri and tsu'tey on they banshee . ext . mountain - dawn the dragon descend on final approach to a large clear -- the lz . the samson flair and touch down , disgorge troops , while the gunship hover protectively . the valkyries blast the ground with they powerful lift jet . they land . the ramp drop . trooper pour out , weapon levele , advance in a cordon . up angle as ampsuit descend from the Dragon on cable . they massive foot smash down , and they march forward , lead the army into the forest . lyle wainfleet , walk point in he hydraulic suit , scan he cockpit screen . he see movement on the flir display -- ghostly thermal signature . wainfleet contact . two hundred meter . a chill SOUND echoe through the forest -- the ululate war cry of untold na 'vi . the trooper , look around , spook . they can not tell where the sound be come from . then they feel it -- the ground itself shaking . they grip they weapon , brace themselves as -- three hundre na'vi horsemen charge through the forest at a full gallop , they hoof pounding the earth . it be a awesome sight . norm spellman ride with the na 'vi hunter , carry a assault rifle . the na'vi charge thunder toward the human line . the hunter raise they bow as -- the ampsuit raise they gau - 90' . on the thermal imager target - cursor track the ghost rider . quaritch Fire for effect . the entire line of trooper open fire . tracers riddle the jungle , blast foliage into confetti . 131 . charging direhorse crash down , flipping over . rider be flung off . the wither fire continue , and the rank be decimate as -- rider launch they arrow at a full gallop . a few hit they mark among the trooper . norm fire he ar on full auto . two charging direhorse have a heavy log sling between they like a batter ram . at a full gallop they hit a ampsuit , flipping it onto its back with a blow - out canopy . Victory be short live as the two rider be cut down . norm horse be hit by tracer fire . he be flung off as the creature cartwheel . he hit hard , scramble for cover as -- a warrior hurl he spear a moment before he horse be cut down . it slam through a ampsuit 's canopy but -- the merciless FIRE continue . horse rear and collapse . rider pivot they mount to flee and -- the thermal screen show the remain ghost rider scatter . lyle signal and the line advance , fire sporadically at move target . overhead , na'vi hunter stream through the tree , run along the branch . as the trooper advance into bow range , the na 'VI open fire and -- troopers sprout arrow in throat , leg , mask -- the target Jake teach they , but -- the firing line aim upward , tracking the thermal target . tracers rip through the foliage and -- na'vi fall while other retreat as bark and wood be blast off the limb beneath they foot . norm sprint frantically through the wood , shouting into he handset -- norm Jake ! Jake ! we be fall back ! surviving na 'VI flee the horrific onslaught . it be a total rout . in the dragon , quaritch catch glimpsis of the figure stream through the forest below . 132 . quaritch Blue team , switch forty . Fire at will . led by the Dragon , the gunship FIRE streamer of 40 mm rocket ahead of they . the jungle explode with he burst . circular SHOCK wave flash outward through the jungle -- stroboscopic glimpse of terrify horse rear , na 'vi leaping , as the jungle rock with the concussive onslaught . hunter look up as a dark shape hover overhead . the downblast of the valkyrie be lift jet shred the forest . inside the shuttle's cargo bay , a row of daisycutter be line up . trooper roll the first pallet down the ramp . the pallet fall into the jungle below and -- ba-whooooom ! -- a enormous high - explosive blast rip a huge hole in the forest . a white concussion wave flash out across the ground for hundred of meter in all direction . at ground level it be a apocalypse . running na 'vi be blast out of existence by fire and shock wave . in the cargo BAY the trooper whoop and high - five . troopers yeah baby ! get some ! ground troops advance , fire flamethrower , ar 's and gau - 90' . ext . floating mountain - aerial quaritch 's fleet fly into the shadow of the Mountain of Truth . quaritch Blue team , stay with the ground unit . Red team , with I . we be punch for the main target . quaritch glance up to see -- a squadron of winged shape , diving out of the morning glare like bird of prey . close on jake , rush straight down , scream a war cry as he lead the charge and -- score of banshee slam into the gunship and samson like falcon hit fat turkey . the air battle be join . 133. jake' great leonopteryx flair into its signature crimson X shape just before -- k-wham !! -- it knock a scorpion tumble . it coil around the gunship , slashing furiously as they spin together . jake can barely hang onto the gyrate creature . the pilot of the scorpion see nothing but jaw slamm into he canopy . Jake release the gunship and it careen into a cliff , tear off one rotor -- then plummet into the tree . there be a satisfy fireball . scorpion fall out of formation to pursue individual banshee rider , firing cannon and rocket . jake bank as the cliff face next to he explode with cannon round . scream down on he be another scorpion . jake tuck and dive along the cliff , feel the round split the air around he and -- the scorpion bank after the furiously jinking banshee as they head for cover among the float mountain , or dive down into the tree . door gunners in a samson be shoot down banshee like messerschmidt from a B - 17 as -- we follow tsu'tey's banshee in a full delta dive . he swoops in from its blind spot and -- the gunners swivel too late as tsu'tey flash past they , shoot arrow with deadly accuracy . a scorpion gunship dive after a banshee . it fire a air- to - air missile and the banshee vanish in a explosion . wide shot as thirty ship and hundred of banshee wheel and dive , like the Battle of Britain . banshee be hit by gun and missile , fall out of the sky . the occasional trail of smoke and fire mark the demise of a tilt-rotor . in the CENTER the Dragon be pour out hellacious fire -- tracer round from multiple turret and missile from the stub-wing pod . neytiri bank hard as tracers flash past she . a scorpion be right on she ass as -- she roll invert and dive under the edge of mon veritatis , then roll out , zig - zag through the dangle vine but -- 134 . the gunship stay on she . it rip through the vine , and tracers flash toward we as -- she jink the banshee around a thunder waterfall but -- her pursuer explode right through the curtain of water . it launch a air-to-air missile . neytiri jink hard , diving . the missile hit a rock outcropping , pummel she with the shock wave . the gunship follow she through a narrow slit between mon veritatis and a smaller float island . they run this slot roll up on they side and -- the scorpion gunner lock up neytiri for a missile shot but -- a shadow cross he canopy . out of the sun come a crimson demon , shriek over the roar of the turbine , and -- k-whammm !! the leonopteryx slam the gunship , drive it downward in a dive . the leonopteryx lash at it with claw and tooth as they fall together out of control . Jake kick the gunship loose and it fall like a brick , break its back on a rocky promontory and exploding . flying with a samson as a second samson fall in beside it . this one have its pilot door off , and the pilot be wear a breathe mask . the door gunner wave at -- trudy , she expression grim behind she mask . she hold the cyclic stick between she knee while she rake the other ship with burst from a ar in she lap . the pilot slump over and the craft tumble out of control . trudy you be not the only one with gun , you prick . neytiri jink she banshee hard , a enemy samson right behind she . the pilot be a hotdog , follow she down into the tree , under the canopy . they slalom among the trunk at high speed . the gunner hang half out the door , fire . bark and leave explode around neytiri as she zig -zag through the jungle . the banshee dive under a huge tree limb , and the pilot follow . he look up at the last second , catch a glimpse of blue-skinned figure . the hunter drop a net of woven vine behind neytiri and -- 135 . the samson hit it hard . the net foul the ship , flipping it backwards . it crash upside down to the forest floor . kaboom !! neytiri' banshee be hit by ground - FIRE . it fold up like a break kite , crash down through branch and -- she slam into the ground , stunne . in the dragon quaritch look ahead , see the well of soul . he tap the pilot and point -- quaritch there it be . ( into he headset ) valkyrie one , this be Dragon . target be in sight . in the cargo BAY of valkyrie one , the trooper ready they deadly load . trooper target in sight . circle above , tsu'tey fall in beside Jake , who talk to he by aircom headset . jake we have to stop the shuttle , no matter what it take . tsu' tey nod . he signal , gather other hunter , who fall in with he as he dive . Jake roll in after they but -- a gunship drop in behind he and he be force to evade as -- tsu'tey lead the attack on the first shuttle . hunters jink and weave through withering FIRE from the escort ship . gunners with jerry - rig gun mount ride the broad back of the shuttle , pick off banshee who get past the escort . tsu'tey be raked by a burst from the dorsal gunner . his mount crumple , plummete with a die scream and -- we spiral down with he , the forest rush up and -- a blinding blizzard of green as he tear downward , catch at leave and vine . he slam to the ground , badly injure . nearby , ampsuit and trooper advance across the forest floor , fire they cannon and flamethrower . the gau - 90 rip the forest to shred . 136 . norm , fire as he retreat , be hit . he collapse , he avatar body mortally wounded as -- hydraulic feet approach , pass the body of direhorse and na 'vi hunter . norm painfully try to load another magazine , panting in fear and pain as -- a ampsuit stomp up . aim its cannon point blank . b-blam ! int . shack the top of norm 's link bang open . he reel out , collapse onto the floor , clutching himself as if he can still feel the pain of death . he sit , huddle , shiver -- craze . ext . rainforest tsu' tey lie gasp , mortally injure . he look up , grimace , as a ampsuit loom over he . lyle wainfleet reach down and grab tsu'tey by he queue , lift he painfully . wainfleet I hear this be worse than death for you , chief . wainfleet cut tsu'tey 's queue off near the base . tsu'tey scream in agony , he nervous system explode on overload . grinning , lyle hold up the queue -- tsu'tey 's only connection to the world - consciousness which be he life . neytiri -- bleed , bruise -- stagger amid burn wreckage . ampsuit footstep approach and she crouch behind a tree . trooper be second from see she as -- neytiri knock a arrow to her father be bow , and ready herself for a last kamikaze shot when -- the trooper on the far right of the fire line see something on he screen . trooper right flank -- something 's come ! it 's all light up out there . the trooper become aware of the ground shaking . a slow building thunderous roar and -- a ampsuit come flying out of the tree , cartwheel past they , and the shaking build -- 137 . ext . well of soul Mo 'at open she eye in sudden realization as -- ext . forest the trooper pivot to face -- a wall of charging hammerheads crashing out of the foliage in a shower of break branch as -- the troopers open fire but -- the stampede drive over they like a wave . Tree - trunk foot shatter the ampsuit cockpit . trooper be crush or asphyxiate . nearby the foot - soldier see live shadow flow out of the gloom as -- viperwolve race among they with flash jaw . the trooper FIRE wildly as they go down , hit each other as much as they attacker . the survivor break and run as more viperwolve bound out of the shadow . jake bank , watch as hundred of rider - less wild banshee converge on quaritch 's ship . they literally darken the sky . jake what the hell -- ? the wild banshee wheel among the ship , rip into they . on jake -- slowly get it . eywa be in the fight . jake whoo -hoooo ! a gunner fire from the door of a samson . there be a crash and the head of a banshee lunge in the open door , jerk he out . other banshee tear at the pilot 's windshield . neytiri watch in awe as the ground troops scatter in disarray . the viperwolve flash past she , ignore she . she sense something and turn slowly to see -- a thanator emerge from the smoke behind she . a glisten black demon . she stand paralyze before its stygian gaze -- -- and the thanator lower itself , until its head be just above the ground . it hold that position -- wait . 138. tremble , she approach the wait demon . ext . forest a smoky hell . fire burn all around . the trooper be disorganize , fall back . shoot at shadow . panicked yell fill the comm freq . wainfleet and another ampsuit be charge together through the smoky gloom . wainfleet a and C squad -- rally at my pos . I want -- ( scream on the comm ) who 's scream God damn it ?! trooper ( on radio ) we gotta get outta here ! whoever 's in charge , call for extraction ! wainfleet shutup you crybaby ! something slam into the other `suit , tackle it out of frame . wainfleet whirl to see he squad -mate miss . he move through a screen of foliage to reveal -- the ampsuit -- rip open . Driver go . blood inside the cockpit . he whirl at a sound in time to see -- a thanator leaping straight at he -- wainfleet raise he cannon but -- wham !! it 's on he , slamm he to the ground . the cannon go fly . he 's face to face with its nightmare jaw , right outside he canopy -- on its back be neytiri , and it 's a toss up which one look more piss off . the thanator rear back , muscle rippling as it poise to strike and -- k-kraaackk ! slam its tooth right through he canopy . wainfleet 's scream be brief . neytiri 's demon mount rear up and its triumphant roar echoe through the forest . int . corridor Max run down the hall , lead the other scientist . he 's yell into a aircom handset -- 139 . max rogue one , rogue one , this be Max . tell Jake we be in motion . ( to the scientist ) get in there . barricade the door ! int . link room the door be hurl open and the scientist charge in . Science geek barricade the door as avatar -driver scramble into they link unit , pull the clamshell down . int . corridor Max check the door be secure from he side then run down a connect corridor . CUT to : ext . shack human norm emerge from the airlock , wear breathe gear and carry a ar . he stumble , daze , toward the battle . ext . mountain / aerial jake signal and a formation of hunter roll in , diving at the lead shuttle , which be already besiege by winge creature . the cargo ramp be the scene of a pitch battle . na 'vi hunter hurl themselves off they mount in wave , overwhelming the trooper . hunter be shot , fall out of the ship , as other fly in . they shoot arrow and spear from the end of the ramp , and trooper fall back deeper into the fuselage . the panicked crew chief slam a switch and the ramp begin to close , a second before he be cut down by a spear . jake' leonopteryx plummet at the shuttle from behind . he swoops down , flair to reduce speed , roll off he mount and land , tumble on the shuttle 's broad back as -- gunners try to swing they gun toward he but he rake they with he ar , still run forward and -- jake pull two grenade from he battle harness , yanking the pin out with he tooth . he hurl they down the intake of the vtol turbofan as -- he leonopteryx bank in a tight arc back toward he and -- 140 . he sprint on as the grenade explode , shatter the turbine , which riddle the fuselage with shrapnel and -- jake leap into space , landing on the back of he mount and reconnect . they flap away , gain altitude as fire blast out of the bottom of the shuttle . on the flight deck , the pilot feel the ship drop . pilot main to a hundred percent ! get I airspeed ! the pilot and copilot slam the throttle lever forward and -- the fusion engine blaze , thrust the shuttle forward . it still fall , its remain lift fan scream , until -- it's clipping the tree top when it get enough translational lift to fly and -- the pilot pull back on the stick , lift the nose . pilot we be good ! behind he , a survive na 'vi hunter run forward and -- thoonk ! arrowhead sprout from the pilot ' neck and chest . the shuttle climb out of control , at full acceleration . it slam into the underside of monut veritatis . it explode , and hundred of ton of flame debris drop back into the forest . on the flight deck of the other shuttle , the pilot watch the wreckage fall . pilot valkyrie two be break off . and if any of ya will want to get off this piece of shit planet , you better cover we ass , `cause we be the only way back to orbit . gunship pilot Roger that . from the dragon cockpit quaritch watch the shuttle bank away , with most of the remain gunship follow . quaritch get back here you worthless puke ! 141 . pilot be we break off ? quaritch draw he pistol . quaritch what do you think ? he be over the edge -- no logic in he brain now . only death . int . ops CENTER / corridor tech and trooper crowd around console , listen to all the yell and confusion as they try to plot the disintegrate battle . selfridge ( in grow alarm ) what the hell be go on out there ? CUT to : ext . rainforest regular trooper and volunteer flee through the jungle , scramble to board samson as they touch down . int . dragon cockpit the pilot listen to comm from Hell 's Gate . pilot Sir , all ground unit be fall back to the lz . quaritch 's jaw clenches . quaritch stay on target . ext . well of soul Mo 'at look up as the dragon appear over the tree like the shadow of death . around she , the na 'vi mother clutch they child to they . we see akwey' boy among they . int . dragon cockpit quaritch set the target cursor on the mother tree and what we recognize be the ghostly figure of mo'at . quaritch switch missile . Arm all pod . 142. pilot arming . quaritch let 's see what this blue bastard do when I bitch - slap they goddess . ext . mountain / aerial jake' leonopteryx drop toward the Dragon like a mig 29 . he pull out , skim over the ship . uncouple , he roll backward off he mount and -- jake hit , skid , on the hull of the Dragon . he roll to he foot , already run as -- quaritch see the leonopteryx whoosh overhead and flap away with no rider . he snap - look aft to see -- jake sprint along the spine of the ship , yanking two grenade from he battle - harness , pull the pin with he tooth , then -- quaritch 's hand shoot out and slam the pilot 's cyclic stick hard over . the dragon lurch sideways , roll sharply with a roar of protest rotor and -- jake be flung off he foot . the grenade miss the turbine intake . one bounce off the ship . the other lodge against a cowling and -- jake slide off the ship , fall as -- k-blam ! the grenade blow a two meter hole in the hull -- whoooshh ! pandoran air swirl inside . quaritch ( to the pilot ) put you mask on . quaritch leap out of he seat , head aft as -- jake grab the edge of a weapon pod , he foot dangle over open space . holding he breath , quaritch blow a rescue hatch and lean outside . Jake see he aim he massive pistol . k-wham ! k-wham ! round clang next to Jake 's head . he lets go , plummete into the tree -- Jake plunge through jungle canopy . he catch a huge leaf , as neytiri teach he -- it bend down , break he fall -- 143. he lets go , drop again only to catch another leaf , and then another , and -- we rush down with he through this green blur . Jake drop to the ground in a feral crouch . unhurt . jake ( into he headset ) quaritch be gonna take out the well of soul ! he 's get a clear shot . hit he , anybody that can ! do it now ! in her samson trudy chacon be all business . trudy on it . she bank hard , pull ge , come around on the Dragon . she pour on the coal and the samson leap forward , straight at the warship . quaritch , drill a stream of tracers at she , tear through she canopy , rip chunks off she fuselage . in the jungle below , norm watch she kamikaze run -- norm no ! trudy ( clipped , pilot - like ) norm , I love you . trudy dive , rake through treetop and then , at the last instant , yank back on the stick and -- the samson leap straight up and -- k-krash !! shear off the cockpit of the Dragon as -- quaritch throws himself aft along the aisle and -- trudy's samson disintegrate , the wreckage burn as it tumble into the jungle . mile quaritch grip the bulkhead as he stare out the open front of the fuselage . wind howl through wreckage where the pilot use to be . the forest rush up to meet he and -- the dragon crash through splintering tree , impacting in a lake with a white blast of water . 144 . ext . rainforest - day norm take a few step and drop to he knee . implode by grief . int . ops CENTER / hell gate on the plotting display as quaritch 's transponder icon disappear . trooper Dragon be down . it 's off the board . selfridge what do you mean , off the board ?! selfridge be stunne . suddenly the roar of a engine make they all look up . outside the window , max sit in the cab of a enormous slash - cutter . Max flip selfridge the bird and push a lever forward -- selfridge oh shit . selfridge dive as -- k-rashhhhh ! the spinning teeth of the slash - cutter tear through the window in a blast of glass and lethal air . alarm go off . the technician dive for cover in a blizzard of glass and shred debris . the slash - cutter head pull back , and avatar scramble through the gape hole into the ops Center -- the troopers look up to see blue giant aim weapon down at they . the battle be over in second . the avatar be hold the ops Center . selfridge lie there gasp , in he emergency mask . in shock . how could this be happen ? CUT to : ext . lake the dragon lie half submerge . out of the water fg , a shape rise -- a ampsuit . Inside -- mile quaritch , he face bloody , he eye burn . he slog out of the water , cover with mud , then stride into the forest . 145 . quaritch ampsuit thud relentlessly through the jungle . he see something through the foliage ahead -- the shack . inside the shack Jake be oblivious under the link . through a window we see quaritch 's ampsuit step into the clear . quaritch level he gau - 90 at the shack . his finger go to the fire button -- wham !! a six - legge black demon tackle he . quaritch pivot as he fall , firing the cannon . it miss neytiri by inch . he grapples with the thanator as its razor claw screech over he metal armor . the titans twist and struggle . quaritch unleashes a long burst from the cannon . round tear into the creature , which shriek but -- neytiri will it to smash the cannon hard against a rock , tear it loose from the `suit 's hand but -- quaritch slam the thanator back against a tree-trunk , almost crush neytiri . close on one hydraulic hand , as it draw the `suit 's knife and -- quaritch twist violently , ramming the knife up under the thanator 's chest armor . the creature roar and quaritch flip on top of it , stabbing . quaritch stab down again . the thanator slump , pin neytiri 's leg under its great bulk . she be trap . quaritch look down at neytiri . she glare back at he , panting , scared but defiant . jake ( o.s. ) it 's all over quaritch -- quaritch turn , see Jake dropping from a tree limb . the `suit rise slowly , knife glint in the morning sun . quaritch nothing 's over while I be breathe . jake kinda hope you would say that . quaritch surge forward . jake close fast , snatching up the break cannon as -- 146 . quaritch slashes down with the knife and Jake parry , block it with the cannon . he close faster than the suit can move and -- k-crack ! -- slam the end of the cannon into the canopy , craze it with a web of crack as quaritch slice air with the huge knife . Jake duck , come up to meet the next slash and -- smashes the knife hand with the cannon once -- twice -- again -- in a furious attack -- knock the knife fly . quaritch catch he with the other arm , hurl he away . Jake roll just before -- thuddd ! -- the massive foot stomp down where he just be . he scramble up as quaritch charge and -- jake duck another round -house , leaping forward to smash the canopy again -- then again -- until it be white with crack . quaritch manage to grab the cannon barrel but -- inside the cockpit , he see nothing but the sun on the shattered glass . he hurl the cannon blindly , but Jake duck . the massive cylinder cartwheel toward the shack and -- from inside we see it crash against pressure window , craze it but not penetrate . Jake 's link sit just inside . inside the cockpit , quaritch yank a yellow handle and -- p-foom ! -- the canopy blows off , fly through the air . quaritch can see again . he don he breathe mask . bend to pick up he knife . nearby neytiri struggle furiously , try to get she leg free from underneath three ton of thanator . quaritch , panting , glower at Jake . quaritch how do it feel to betray you own race ? then , inexplicably , he turn . walk away . from inside the shack , we see he charge straight toward we and -- crash ! -- he put he hydraulic fist right through the window . he be reach inside for the link when -- jake hit in a fly tackle with every ounce of force he have , knock the ampsuit sideways and -- 147 . jake reach around the suit , grab quaritch 's shoulder and , yank he forward hard , smashing he face into the edge of the cockpit but -- quaritch fling he off with a sweep of he arm , and Jake slam to the ground . inside the link Jake be hold he breath as the toxic pandoran air swirl in . gas alarm shriek . neytiri shove with one free leg , desperately try to pull she other leg out . the ampsuit charge , the knife flash down and -- jake just manage to catch it in both hand , but the force of the attack drive he to he knee as -- quaritch push the knife down inexorably , until Jake be pin against a rock , the blade now inch from he throat . inside the link Jake be strain to stay conscious , to stay connect as -- the knife reach he throat as -- thwap ! a arrow appear in quaritch 's chest . he look up . neytiri stand -- a FURY release . a classic archer figure , she nock another arrow . then draw and release smoothly . th-whap ! the machine topples off Jake and lie still . quaritch stare at the two arrow in he chest . he touch the feather of the ancient weapon , then -- with a ironic laugh -- he die . neytiri run up , another arrow nock , bow draw . see quaritch , she lower she father 's bow . jake see she , then go limp , he eye roll back , and -- int . shack human jake explode out of the link , slamm to the floor where he gag for breath . with he last strength , he claw toward a emergency breathe mask -- across the room . he scramble toward it , on the edge of unconsciousness . neytiri vault through the shattered window , landing in the debris like a cat . she grab the mask and flash to Jake 's side -- put the mask over he face and -- 148. jake drag in breath after breath . he look up at neytiri , study he as she hold he -- see he human body for the first time . Jake touch she face , he pale human hand against the blue of she skin . there eye meet across the glass of the mask -- together , separate . worldless . CUT to : ext . rainforest - day mo 'at tend to the mortally wounded tsu'tey as avatar jake arrive with neytiri . Mo 'at have bound he wound , but by she expression , it be clear he can not be save . Jake kneel and tsu'tey open he eye . through a haze of pain , he recognize Jake . tsu'tey ( na 'VI ) I see you , jakesully . jake I see you , tsu'tey the Rongloa ateyitan . tsu'tey be the people safe ? jake they be safe . tsu'tey weakly clutches he severe queue . tsu'tey I can never ride again , or bond with my woman -- or hear the voice of eywa . I can not lead the people . you will lead they , jakesully . jake no. I be not officer material . tsu'tey it be decide . now do the duty of olo'eyctan . set my spirit free . jake I be not kill you . tsu'tey I be already dead . 149 . jake no. tsu'tey it be the way . and it be good . I will be remember -- tsu'tey 's voice be weak , but thick with emotion . tsu'tey -- I fight with toruk macto , we be brother -- and he be my last shadow . tsu 'tey' hand clasp with Jake 's in a fierce grip . Jake draw he knife . tsu'tey's Pov -- Jake lean forward , block the sun . he shadow fall across tsu'tey . jake ( na 'VI ) forgive I , my brother . go now to the mother Spirit . by he movement , we know that he have end tsu'tey 's pain . Jake 's eye well with tear as he continue recite the prayer for the dead , and he na 'vi word carry over as we -- dissolve to : ext . hell gate - day na 'vi ride direhorse among the abandon machine of Hell 's Gate . banshee roost on the roof of the module , and stingbat flutter about , unimpeded . the sentry gun be silent , and the gate be open to the forest . jake ( v.o. ) a few choose to stay . fewer be choose . Max , norm , and a few of the avatar hold ar 's as the personnel of Hell 's Gate file up the cargo ramp of the remain shuttle . the evict human be sullen and angry , like pow 's . jake and neytiri stand together , watch the departure of the Sky people . parker selfridge shuffles up the ramp . his eye -- the eye of a lose soul -- meet jake be . he disappear into the ship . CUT to : 150 . ext . space isv venture STAR hang suspend against the dark side of pandora . the isv 's antimatter engine blaze to life and it accelerate out of orbit . what remain in frame be a virgin , primeval world . span the black continent be a vast reticulate lace - work of bioluminescence -- a ghostly web connect all of pandora . CUT to : ext . rainforest - day the sun 's ray shaft down through the layer of canopy . jake ( v.o. ) the forest will heal , and so will the heart of the people . New life keep the energy flow , like the breath of the world . neytiri , obviously pregnant , be bow-fish in the shallow . Children jump and squeal with laughter in the river . jake ( v.o. ) this be my last videolog . int . link room video image -- Jake sit in a chair , talk straight to camera . he be thin , pale . he look around the high tech room . jake the science guy will keep the light on , here . but I will not miss this place . ext . well of soul - night the willow glow softly . the entire omaticaya clan be gather , seat in a prayer circle around the mother Tree . jake ( v.o. ) I better wrap this up . there 's a funeral tonight , and I do not want to be late . it be someone very close to I . wide shot , move in across the concentric ring of people , all plugge - in and softly chant . moving toward the center , over the figure of mo'at , to hover above -- neytiri , kneel beside two figure on the dais -- 151 . jake and he avatar lie head to head . human Jake be wear a exomask . both figure be still , hand fold , cover in translucent silken shroud of root -cilia . camera close in as neytiri remove the mask from Jake 's human face . she gently close he dead eye with she fingertip . then bend and kiss he . move into cu on avatar jake as neytiri 's hand come into frame , stroking he cheek . tightening slowly to -- ecu jake' eye . hold a beat , then -- they open . CUT to black