for you consideration avenger endgame best adapted screenplay Christopher Markus & Stephen mcfeely avenger : endgame adapted screenplay written by Christopher Markus and Stephen mcfeely ext . barton home - day close on : a house - arrest ankle bracelet . clint barton ( 0.s. ) okay , you see where you be go ? let 's work on how to get there . Pan up to find ... clint barton , with he daughter , lila , coach she as she notches a arrow in she bow . clint barton ( cont 'd ) okay , good ... tip down ... bow arm out ... three finger - lila barton why three ? clint barton ' Cause two 's not enough and four 's too much - LAURA barton ( 0.s. ) you guy want mustard or mayo , or both ? clint turn . in the field behind they , he wife , LAURA barton set up a picnic as cooper and nathaniel play soccer . lila barton who put mayo on a hot dog ? clint barton we 'il both have mustard , hon ! ( to lila ) okay . draw back , deep breath ... she let loose . thud ! her arrow hit near the bull - eye . clint barton ( cont 'd ) good job , hawkeye . go get you arrow . LAURA barton ( 0.s. ) enough murder practice ! Soup 's on ! clint barton one sec , babe . be right there ! we be gonna kill some hot dog . we be hungry . but when he turn back ... lila be gone . the bow and arrow lie at he foot . he stare . clint barton ( cont 'd ) lila ? Babe , do you see lila - he turn to he wife , but she 's gone . so be the boy . the soccer ball roll to a stop near the picnic blanket . no one can be see for a hundre yard in all direction . clint barton ( cont 'd ) guy ? guy , come on ... clint walk toward the field , dread grow . clint barton ( cont 'd ) Laura ? clint break into a panicked run . clint barton ( cont 'd ) LAURA ! clint melt down , spinning around , frantic ... marvel flip ext . space - night blackness . title : '' twenty - two day later . '' soon , the benatar tumble past , adrift ... int . benatar , galley - night tony stark and nebula play table - top football . she win . tony ( offer he hand ) good sport . have fun ? nebula study he hand , confuse . finally she shake . nebula it be fun . int . benatar , flight deck - night tony , thin and haggard , kneel in front of he broken iron man helmet . he hit a switch . a light blink . tony 's recording : he stare directly into the '' camera . '' tony this thing on ? hey , Ms. pott . pep . if you find this recording , do not post it on social media . it 's go to be a real tearjerker . ext . space - night the benatar spark , adrift . tony ( 0.s. ) I do not know if you be ever go to see this . I do not even know if you be still ... God , I hope so . today 's day twenty - one , no ... twenty - two . int . benatar , galley - flashback nebula laser shut tony 's infect wound . tony ( 0.s. ) you know , if it be not for the existential terror of stare into the literal void of space , I have say I be feel a little better today . infection 's run its course , thanks to the Blue meanie back there . you have like she . she 's very practical . and only a tiny bit sadistic . int . benatar , galley - flashback tony and nebula mend the empty fuel cell under the floor . tony ( 0.s. ) the fuel cell be crack during battle , but we figure out a way to reverse the ion charge . buy ourselves about 48 hour of flight time . Problem be that be about ... 49 hour ago . ext . space - night from high overhead , we watch the benatar drift in space . tony ( 0.s. ) which mean , we be dead in the water . a thousand light year from the nearest 7 - 1l . int . benatar , galley - flashback tony hand nebula the last of a purple powder . she push it back to he . tony ( 0.s. ) most of the quote-unquote ' food 's and potable water run out two week ago . int . benatar , flight deck - night tony stand on the flight deck , one hand rest on the glass , stare into the unknown . tony pep , I know I say no more surprise . but , I gotta say , I be really hope to pull off one last one . but it look like ... well , you know what it look like . int . benatar , flight deck - night back to now . tony record he thought into he helmet . tony do not feel bad about this . I mean , actually , if you grovel for a couple week , and then move on with enormous guilt ... I should probably lie down for a minute , rest my eye . please know , when I drift off , it will be like every day lately . I be fine , totally fine . I be go to dream about you . it 's always you . tony switch the helmet off . time CUT : nebula find tony sprawled on the floor . time CUT : nebula help tony into quill 's chair . tony slump , completely still . nebula give he he privacy . move in on tony 's face as ... a light slowly grow brighter . soon , the entire flight deck glow as bright as a sun . nebula appear from the galley , shading she eye . tony 's eyelid flutter . finally , he open they to see ... captain marvel ( carol danver ) hover in space . int . avenger compound , bathroom - night steve rogers shave . he study himself in the mirror , exhaust . he 's about to tap he razor in the sink 's stand water , when ... the water ripples . Steve stare a beat , puzzle . then the lamp catch he eye ... swaying gently . just then , a sound roar overhead . Steve turn ... ext . avenger compound - night the moon hang huge over the earth . then the silhouette of the benatar race past , propel by carol danver . below ... steve rogers , bruce banner , and natasha romanov watch a fly woman guide the ship to the ground . behind they , pepper pott walk up to the group . time CUT : Steve race up as nebula help tony down the ramp . tony I could not stop he . steve neither could we . tony I lose the kid . steve ( unable to say it all ) we ...lost ... tony be pepper ...? just then , pepper pott throws herself into tony 's arm . pepper pott stay here , you stay right here - tony I be not go anywhere . nearby , nebula watch the sad human . rocket sit beside her , grateful . she rest a hand on he furry head . int . avenger compound , workshop - day rhodey , tony , steve , natasha , and carol watch ... a holo -display rotating through face of people we 've lost : wanda . vision . bucky . t’challa . maria hill . rhodey it 's be twenty - three day since thanos come to Earth . tony , weak , sit in a hi-tech wheelchair , iv drip into he arm . he stare , take in the loss : SAM wilson . secretary ross . sharon carter . scott lang . hope van dyne . hank pym . nick FURY . at fury , Carol bite back emotion . natasha World government be in piece , as you can imagine . but the part that still work be try to take a census . it look like he do what he say he be go to do . jane foster . erik selvig . wong . dr . strange . the barton family . quill . drax . mantis . groot . peter parker . finally , tony look away . rhodey turn it off . natasha ( cont 'd ) thanos wipe out fifty percent of all the live creature on Earth . carol danver not just Earth . rhodey you sure about that ? carol danver you never have to ask I that . tony where be he now ? steve we do not know . he just open a portal and walk through . tony look out to see ... thor on the patio . tony what 's he deal ? rocket ( 0.s. ) he 's piss . tony turn to see rocket for the first time . rocket ( cont 'd ) he think he fail . which , of course , he do . but there 's a lot of that go around , be not there ? tony until this second , I literally think you be a build -a - bear . steve we have be hunt thanos for three week - deep space scan , satellite - we get nothing . tony , you fight he - tony who tell you that ? I do not fight he , he wipe my face with a planet while a bleecker Street magician give away the store . there be no fight because he 's not beatable . steve do he give you anything to go on ? clue , coordinate - — tony stare , lose , barely acknowledge Steve . tony I see this come , few year back . do not wanna believe . I think I be dream ... steve tony , I need you to focus - — tony and I need you , as in past tense . that trump what you need . it 's too late , buddy . you know what I need ? tony turn to everyone , slightly unstable . tony ( cont 'd ) I need a shave and a burger , not a bowl of soup . ( stand ) and I believe I remember tell all of you , alive and otherwise , that we need a suit of armor around the world , whether it impact we precious freedom or not -— steve but that do not work out , do it ? tony I say we would lose , you say we would '' do that together , too . '' guess what , cap , we lose , and you be not there . but that 's what we do , right ? we best work after the fact ? we be the '' avenger '' , not the '' pre-venger - '' " rhodey tony , take it easy ... tony I have get nothing for ya , cap . no coordinate , no clue , no strategy , no option . Zero , zip , nada . no trust . ( rip out rt ) here . you take this . you find he , you put this on , and hide . ( drop to he knee ) I be fine ! tony collapse . rhodey catch he . int . avenger compound , corridor - day carol , steve , and natasha stare through glass door at tony in a hospital bed , pepper and banner at he side . rhodey step out of the hospital room . rhodey Bruce give he a sedative . should be out the rest of the day . carol danver ( head for the lab ) take care of he . when I come back , I 'il bring a bottle of xorrian elixir . steve where be you go ? carol danver to kill thanos . int . avenger compound , workshop - day natasha catch up to carol in the workshop . natasha hey , hey , hang on . we be sort of a team here . between you and I , morale 's a little fragile . carol danver oh , I be sorry . my fault . Carol see Steve and rhodey catch up . she clap she hand . carol danver ( cont 'd ) all right , team ! I be go to go kill thanos . message I if you get any intel that can help . otherwise , I 'il report back when he 's dead . great work , everybody . steve look , we realize '' up there 's '' more you territory , but this be we fight , too . rhodey do you even know where he be ? 10 carol danver I know people who might - nebula ( 0.s. ) do not bother . they all turn to see nebula in the live area doorway . nebula ( cont 'd ) I can tell you where thanos be . int . avenger compound , live area - day steve , natasha , rhodey , banner , rocket , thor , and carol gather . nebula study she robotic hand . nebula thanos spend a long time try to ... perfect I . when he work , he talk . about he great plan . even disassembled , I want to please he . I have ask , where would we go once he plan be complete ? his answer be always the same : '' to the Garden . '' rhodey you be say thanos have a retirement plan . steve where 's this garden ? rocket bring up earth on a holo -map . a bright surge of ENERGY envelop the planet ( emanating from wakanda ) . rocket when thanos snap he finger , Earth become ground zero for a power surge of ridiculously cosmic proportion . no one 's see anything like it . he shift the map , crossing billion of light year , to ... a identical surge enveloping a mysterious , orange planet . rocket ( cont 'd ) until two day ago . natasha you be say he snap he finger again . where ? 11 rocket zoom the holo-image toward a cluster of star ... nebula Planet be unnamed , but inhabitable . Rich atmosphere , good soil - steve a garden . bruce banner thanos be there . and he just use the stone . Steve eye everyone . thor finally look up . bruce banner ( cont 'd ) ( think of himself ) you know , we would be go short - hand . rhodey because he kill all we friend . rocket be we say they be dead ? we be use that word now ? rhodey he 's still get the stone . carol danver so , we take they . and we use they to bring everybody back . bruce banner just like that ? steve yeah . just like that . no one speak . finally ... natasha if there 's even the smallest chance we can undo this , then we owe it to everyone who 's not sit here to try . everyone look around the room ... agreed . bruce banner if we do this ... why would it end any differently than it do before ? 12 carol danver because before you do not have I . rhodey hey , new girl . all of we in here be about that superhero life . where have you be all this time ? carol danver there 's a lot of people in the universe . and they do not all have you . thor stand . he cross to Carol and hold out he hand . stormbreaker whip past her head , ruffling her hair . Carol do not flinch . thor smile . thor I like this one . Steve stare at the planet a long , decide moment . then ... steve let 's go get that son of a bitch . slam to : title : '' avenger : endgame '' int . benatar , flight deck - dawn everyone settles into they seat on the benatar 's flight deck . steve watch earth grow smaller through the window . carol danver trust I . you get use to it . rocket look around from the pilot 's chair . rocket okay , who here have not be to space ? steve , natasha , and rhodey half - raise they hand . rocket ( cont 'd ) oh , you be gonna hate this . nebula approach jump in three , two ... steve’s finger tighten on the arm rest as ... 13 ext . benatar - dawn whoosh ! the benatar warp , leaping into jump space . ext . space - day whoosh ! the benatar arrive above a ominous , orange planet . as the ship maintain orbit , carol fly toward the planet . carol danver i’1ll head down for recon . if I be not back in fifteen , you 'il know I find he . int . benatar , flight deck - space our heroe wait on the flight deck , tense . natasha look at steve , who 's stare at ... a compass : peggy carter 's yellowed photo still rest inside . natasha this be go to work , Steve . steve I know it will . ( beat ) because I do not know what I be go to do if it do not . just then , carol fly up to the other side of the glass . carol danver ( over com ) no satellite , no ship , no army . no ground defense of any kind . it 's just he . nebula that 's enough . the avenger exchange a look . ext . titan - 2 - day smoke curl from the chimney of a solitary lodge . int . thanos 's lodge - day a pot boil over a FIRE . then ... thanos limp toward it , left side paralyzed , arm blacken . a shell of he former self . 14 he stir the pot . suddenly , a armore hand burst from the FIRE , grabbing thanos 's gauntlet ... preventing thanos from close he fist . thanos jerk back as hulkbuster spring inside . carol and rhodey bash through the roof , pinning thanos 's arm . thor crash through the door , follow by the other . he swing stormbreaker ... cutting off thanos 's hand . the gauntlet land at rocket 's foot . he pick it up ... and he face go slack . he turn the glove toward the other . and we now realize ... the infinity stone be gone . steve where be they ? thanos do not answer . carol presses he to he knee . carol danver answer the question ! thanos the universe require correction . after that , the stone serve no purpose beyond temptation . bruce banner you murder trillion . thanos you should be grateful . natasha where be the stone ? thanos go . reduced to atom . bruce banner you use they two day ago ! thanos I use the stone to destroy the stone . it nearly kill I . but the work be do . it always will be . that land , sicken . rocket search , frantic , near tear . rocket no ... they can not be go ... 15 rhodey he 's lie . nebula my father be many thing . a liar be not one of they . thanos thank you , daughter . perhaps I have treat you - swoosh . thor 's axe sever thanos 's head from he body . it hit the floor , followed by the thud of he huge frame . rocket what do you do ? thor just stare , he long journey a failure . thor I go for the head . as thor walk away , Steve look at thanos 's head on the ground . it 's over . they lost . fade to black . over black : '' five year later . '' ext . port of new york - day a car crusher flatten a audi . thousand more never -driven car lie stacked on the dock , waiting there turn . ext . new york - day a huge tarp flap over the shutter lincoln CENTER . ext . shea stadium - day a teenage girl ride she skateboard , alone in a weed - fill parking lot . pull back to see the empty stadium behind her . int . brooklyn community CENTER - night a poster show a single figure staring at a group of shadow . it read , '' where do we go , now that they 're gone ? '' the bottom read , '' brooklyn support group , tuesdays 8 pm . '' 16 a grieving man speak in a recovery group . grieving man so , I go on a date the other day . jimmy good job , Bobby . back in the game . grieving man thank you , Jimmy . ( to the group ) first in five year . I sit there at dinner think , what be we even suppose to talk about ? steve rogers , thin , older , listen intently . steve what do you talk about ? grieving man same old crap . how much thing have change . how much we miss the Met . my job , he job . then it get kind of quiet . he cry during the salad . older man what about you ? grieving man I cry just before dessert . but I be see he again tomorrow . so ... steve that 's great . you have already do the hardest part . you take a jump , do not know where you have come down . and that 's it , that little brave baby step we have gotta take . to try to make we feel whole again , to find a purpose ... ( to everyone ) I go into the ice right after I meet the love of my life . woke up seventy year later and ... have to keep go . the group take this in . 17 steve ( cont 'd ) the world 's be leave in we hand . if we do not do something with it ... then thanos might as well have kill all of we . people nod , but Steve seem unconvince by he own word . ext . san francisco - day the camera rotate down from the sky onto a strangely quiet San Francisco , until it find ... a storage warehouse . int . storage warehouse , unit 277 - day luis 's van sit in a storage unit , surround by box : '' S. lang , kitchen , S. lang , clothes . '' through the van window , we see ... hank pym 's quantum tunnel . a meandering rat crawl onto the control . it accidentally step on a toggle switch and ... a light goe GREEN . flash . the back door of the van blow OPEN , revealing ... scott lang , ant -man suit short . he retract he helmet , gasp . int . storage warehouse , security office - day a guard read the terminal beach , by j.g. ballard . he look up at a monitor : scott lang hold up a sign , '' help . '' ext . storage warehouse - day a dent wagon roll over a speed -bump . Scott , in he old clothes , slowly wheel he belonging away . the Guard watch he go , puzzle . ext . san francisco , STREET - day Scott walk a STREET of abandoned home . scott lang hello ? he hear a clacking . a kid on a bicycle ride by , play card wedge between he spoke . Scott wave he down . the kid stop . 18 scott lang ( cont 'd ) hey. kid . what happen here ? the kid say nothing . he just stare at Scott with a haunt look . then he stand on he pedal and keep riding . clack-clack-clack-clack-clack-clack-clack . .. ext . san francisco , golden gate park - day stone monument loom in a park . a small crowd mill . reveal Scott look over the monument , lose . time CUT : Scott walk up to the obelisk . at the top , they read : '' the vanished . '' hundred of name line the stone . he scan the '' L 's , '' finally find , '' scott lang . " scott lang what ? ( realize ) cassie ... ext . maggie lang 's house - day a wind Scott race up the sidewalk toward he old house . he leap a bush , bang on the front door . scott lang cassie ! cassie ! soon , a teen girl open the door , shocked . a very long beat . cassie lang dad ? scott lang peanut ? Scott wrap he arm around cassie lang ( 14 ) , now five year older than when he last see she . she hug he , crying . cassie lang I think you be go . scott lang I be sorry . I be back ... I be back ... I be back ... 19 ext . avenger compound , front gate - dawn avenger compound stand amidst overgrown grass . rusty chain lock the gate . fade sign warn : '' restricted area . keep out . '' int . avenger compound , live area - night natasha sit surrounded by holo - screen featuring carol danver , rhodey , rocket and nebula , and okoye . rocket ( holo ) we board that '' highly suspect warship '' danver pinge . natasha and ? nebula ( holo ) it be a infectious garbage scow . rocket ( holo ) so thanks for the hot tip - carol danver ( holo ) you be closer . rocket ( holo ) and now we smell like garbage - natasha ( to okoye ) you get a read on that tremor ? okoye ( holo ) minor subduction in the African plate . natasha do we have a visual ? how be you handle it ? okoye ( holo ) nat . it be a mild earthquake . in the ocean . we handle it by not handle it . natasha look burden . rhodey step in . 20 rhodey ( holo ) I can have NASA redirect a satellite , do a sweep just to make sure . natasha thanks . Carol , you be still come we way next month ? carol danver ( holo ) not likely . rocket ( holo ) get another haircut ? carol danver ( holo ) listen , fur-face , I be cover a lot of territory out here . the thing that have be happen on Earth have be happen everywhere else . on thousand of planet . you might not see I for a long time . natasha all right . everybody keep keep they eye open . this channel 's always active . anything go sideways , anyone make trouble where they should not , it come through I . they ad lib they goodby as they sign off , except rhodey . natasha ( cont 'd ) what 's up ? where be you ? rhodey ( holo ) Mexico . get some news . natasha okay ... rhodey federalé find a room full of body outside juarez . cartel guy . gun still in they pants . natasha could be a rival hit - rhodey but it be not . same mo as marseille . and kiev. ( more ) 21 rhodey ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) it 's definitely Barton . she nod , grim , reluctantly accept . rhodey ( cont 'd ) what he 's do here ... what he 's be do ... I get to tell you , part of I do not want to find he . natasha just stare a long beat . natasha find out where 's he go next . rhodey nod , signing off . natasha sit there , then crumple . after a long beat ... steve ( 0.s. ) I would offer to cook you dinner but you seem sad enough already . natasha turn to see steve in the doorway . natasha come by to do you laundry ? steve and see a friend . natasha you friend 's fine . steve she leave the house today ? natasha nothing out there I particularly want to see . steve I spot a pod of whale come over the bridge . natasha ( dubious ) in the Hudson . steve fewer ship , cleaner water . just say , there 's still a world out there . 22 natasha if you be about to tell I to look on the bright side , I be about to hit you with a peanut butter sandwich . Steve relent , letting down he facade . steve sorry . Force of habit . natasha I do not know how you do it . Steve bite into the uneaten half of she sandwich . steve I guess I do not know how not to . natasha I , neither . after a long moment , Steve look up at she , honest . steve I keep tell they , move on . grow past it . and some of they actually do . but not we . natasha if I move on , who do this ? steve maybe it do not need to be do . natasha take that in . Steve be think of give up . she look around at avenger compound . natasha I use to have nothing . then I get this . this job , this family . and I be better because of it . she choke slightly , collect herself . natasha ( cont 'd ) and even though they be go , I be still try to be ... better . steve I think we both need to get a life . natasha you first . 23 they stare at each other a long , melancholy moment . then , we hear a ping . natasha swipe to a cctv display : scott lang 's face fill a screen , luis 's van behind he . scott lang ( on screen ) hello ? be anyone home ? this be , uh , Scott lang ? we meet a few year ago . at the airport ? steve this a old message ? natasha ( stunne ) it 's the front gate . int . avenger compound , workshop - night scott pace , mumble to himself . steve ( 0.s. ) Scott , be you okay ? scott lang what ? yes . he turn to steve and natasha . scott lang ( cont 'd ) have either of you guy ever study quantum physics ? natasha only to make conversation . Steve glance at she . she shrug . scott lang well , five year ago , just before this thanos guy ... I go into a place call the quantum realm . it 's like its own microscopic universe . you can only get there if you be incredibly small . hope , she 's my ... she be suppose to pull I out . but then thanos happen . and I be stick in there . natasha I be sorry . it must have be a long five year . 24 scott lang ( get excited ) okay , but that 's the thing . it be not . for I , it be only five hour . the rule in the quantum realm be not like out here . they be completely unpredictable . be anybody gonna eat that sandwich ? steve Scott , what be you talk about ? scott lang time work differently in the quantum realm . Steve and natasha share a look . scott lang ( cont 'd ) Problem be , right now , it 's chaos , there 's no way to navigate it . but what if we could figure out a way to enter the quantum realm at a certain point in time ... and come out in another . like , before thanos — steve wait ... wait. Scott . be you talk about a time machine ? scott lang no , not a machine . more like a ... ( search , then give up ) yeah , like a time machine . I know it sound crazy ... natasha Scott , I get email from a raccoon . nothing 's crazy anymore . scott lang so , who do we talk to about this ? ext . stark eco - compound , upstate new york - day llama and farm animal graze a rustic - tech eco-compound . ext . stark eco - compound , wood - day tony approach a wooded glade near the house . 25 tony Morgan H. Stark . Chow time . want some lunch ? silence . then morgan stark ( 4 ) step out of she play tent , wear a purple - blue iron man helmet ( rescue ) . morgan stark define lunch or be disintegrated . tony you should not be wear that . it 's part of a special anniversary gift I make for Mom . you think about lunch ? tony gently take the helmet off , revealing a young girl . tony ( cont 'd ) where would you find this ? morgan stark garage . tony pick she up , walk toward the house . tony you like go in the garage ? so do daddy . it 's all right . mommy never wear what I buy she . time CUT : tony and Morgan exit the wood . suddenly , tony stop . in the driveway , steve rogers stare at he . natasha and scott get out of the car behind he . ext . stark eco - compound , porch - day steve , scott , and natasha sit with tony . tony I just want to thank you folk for drop by . it 's not every day one get to contemplate bite it on a inter-dimensional timescape . natasha you have get some objection to the plan . 26 tony so you be call it a plan . to I , it sound like a exotic suicide method . not to mention , it 's impossible . scott lang we know what it sound like . steve tony , after what you have see , be anything really impossible ? tony quantum fluctuation kinda mess with the planck scale , which then triggers the deutsch proposition , can we agree on that ? ( offer more tea ) chai ? ( back on message ) in layman 's term , it mean you can cancel you Netflix subscription because you be not come home . scott lang I do . tony which be a billion - to - one cosmic fluke . now you want to pull a- what be you call it ? scott lang a time heist . tony oh , of course , a time heist , why do not we think of this before ? right , because it 's a pipe dream . who be you again ? scott lang still Scott ... steve tony , the Stones exist in the past . we could get they and bring they here . natasha we can snap we own finger . we can bring everybody back . 27 tony or screw it up worse than he already have . steve I do not believe we would . tony stare at Steve , a lot of water under the bridge . tony gotta say it . sometimes I have miss that giddy optimism . sadly , all you high hope will not help I if there 's no logical , tangible way for I to safely execute say '' time heist . '' I believe the most likely outcome would be we collective demise . scott lang not if we strictly follow the rule of time travel . no talk to we past selve . no betting on sport event - tony stop , Scott . stop . be you tell I that you plan to save the universe be more than loosely base on back to the future ? scott lang ( meaning '' yes '' ) no ... tony good . because that would be horseshit . scientifically speak , you brother 's picture do not disappear just ' cause you go to the dance with you mom . that 's not how quantum physics work . natasha we have to take a stand . tony we do stand . and yet here we be . scott lang look , Stark - can I call you tony ? tony please do not - scott lang tony - tony Fine . scott lang I get that you have get a lot on the line , here . you have get a wife . a daughter . but I lose someone very important - a lot of we do - and now we have a chance to save she , and everyone else , and you will not even - tony no , Scott . I will not . even . suddenly , morgan walk onto the porch . morgan stark mommy tell I to come save you . tony take Morgan into he arm and head inside . tony good job . I be save . ( to Steve ) I wish you be come here to ask I something else . I be honestly happy to see you . if you want to stay - Steve try one last time . steve tony , I get it . and I be happy for you . I be . but this be a second chance . tony yeah , well , I get my second chance right here . I can not roll the dice on it . the table be set for six . if you do not talk shop , you be welcome to stay for lunch . he exit . 29 ext . stark eco -compound - day Steve , natasha , and Scott walk toward the car . natasha he 's scared . steve he 's not wrong . scott lang what be we gonna do ? we need he . you want to stop ? steve no . I want to do it right . ( beat ) we be go to need a really big brain . scott lang bigger than he ? ext . diner - night onlooker crowd a diner window , try to peek inside . scott lang ( 0.s. ) I be confuse . int . diner - night smart hulk roll up a pizza and eat it like a burrito . scott , steve , and natasha sit across from he . smart hulk this be confusing time . scott lang no , that 's not what I be - smart hulk I be kid , I get it . it 's crazy . I wear shirt now ! scott lang but why ? smart hulk five year ago , we get we ass kick , right ? 30 smart hulk eat a stack of pancake in two bite . steve he 's hear . smart hulk it be worse for I . because I lose twice . first hulk lose . then Banner lose . then we all lose . natasha no one blame you , Bruce . smart hulk I do - I feel like I be the only one eat . here , try some . he hold out a pizza . they decline . he shrug . smart hulk ( cont 'd ) thing be , I keep think , it do not have to be that way . that the best of Banner and best of hulk , if they have work together , maybe they could have stop thanos . scott lang okay . but how do ... this happen ? smart hulk for year I treat the hulk like a disease , something to get rid of . but when I start treat he like the cure ... smart hulk mesh he finger together . smart hulk ( cont 'd ) eighteen month in the gamma Lab . I put the brain and the brawn together . and now look at I . best of both world . two kide amble up to the booth . kid Mr. hulk ? can we get a picture ? smart hulk 100 % , little lady . the kid hand a phone to Steve . smart hulk make a duck face as Steve sheepishly snap the pic , hand the phone back . 31 smart hulk ( cont 'd ) ( to the fan ) thanks , pal . hulk out ! steve so , Bruce , about what we say - smart hulk the time travel do -over ? I do not know , that 's kind of outside my field of expertise ... natasha nod at he smart hulk -ness , history between they . natasha you pull this off . I remember a time that be impossible , too . he consider , then finally relent , pull out he phone . smart hulk I be suppose to be on Oprah next week , but I guess I could move thing around . int . stark eco - compound , kitchen - night tony stark doe dish . he rinse with the sprayer . it go everywhere . he wipe down the counter , include ... a picture of peter parker . he stare . int . stark eco - compound , side porch - night tony build holo model : penrose diagram , wormhole . he study a STAR - shape capacitor , intrigue . tony Friday , you up ? friday yes , sir . tony I have have a mild inspiration , like to see if it check out . I would like to run one last sim before we pack it in for the night . this time , in the shape of a mobius Strip , invert . the model 32 friday Processing . form . tony all right , give I the eigenvalue of that particle , factore in spectral decomp . run it . that will take a second . and do not worry if it do not pan out , I be just kind of ... the capacitor glow . a holo -man drift into a circular wormhole , looping ... returning to the place it first left . friday model render . tony ( in awe ) shit . morgan stark ( 0.s. ) shit . tony turn to see he daughter in the doorway . tony what be you do up ? morgan stark shit . tony first of all , that 's a mommy word , she coin it . morgan stark why be you up ? tony I just have something on my mind . morgan stark be it juice pop ? tony correct . great mind think alike . what kind do you want ? 33 int . stark eco - compound , morgan 's room - night Morgan eat a juice pop in bed . tony watch . tony you do ? ( finish she popsicle ) now you be . morgan stark tell I a story . tony once upon a time , maguna go to bed . the end . morgan stark that be a bad story . he run he hand over she hair . tony Love you ton . morgan stark Love you three thousand . tony wow , that 's a lot . tony turn out the light , exit . int . stark eco - compound , live room - night photo crowd a side table : pepper , Morgan , tony . even one of howard stark , peggy carter & hank pym under a shield symbol . find ... pepper , curl up on the couch read . then ... tony ( 0.s. ) out like a light . do not know how much she love you but she love I three thousand . pepper pott that 's up there . tony what be you read ? pepper pott a book about compost - 34 tony I think I solve it . pepper look up . pepper pott just so we be both talk about the same thing - tony time travel . pepper pott that 's amazing . tony yeah . pepper pott and terrifying . tony to say the least . he sit beside she . she stare , share in he dilemma . pepper pott we get really lucky - tony I know - pepper pott not everybody do . tony I can not help everybody . pepper pott except , it sort of seem like you can . tony not if I stop right here . pepper pott tony , try to get you to stop be one of the few failure of my life . tony I could just lock the lab , put it in a trunk , sink it to the bottom of the lake , and go to bed . 35 pepper pott but could you rest ? int . avenger compound , hangar - day scott wait in he ant -man 2 quantum suit in front of the OPEN van door . scott lang you be sure this modification be safe ? he look over to ... smart hulk , wearing reading glass , making adjustment to a new control panel . smart hulk I reran my calculation three time - scott lang because the guy who invent this thing be pretty much a genius - smart hulk I have seven phd 's , a md , the han bethe Award for physics , and I be personal friend with Bill nye the Science guy . we be good . scott lang yeah . and you look like that on purpose . steve and natasha enter from outside . steve breaker be set , emergency generator 's on stand - by . smart hulk good . if we blow the grid , I do not want to lose tiny back in the ' 50' . scott lang Excuse I ? natasha he be kid . smart hulk I be kid . 36 natasha ( to hulk ) you be kid , right ? smart hulk honestly , I have no idea . we be attempt time travel . either it 's all a joke , or none of it be . ( loudly to Scott ) we be good ! helmet on . Scott put on he helmet , slightly dubious . smart hulk ( cont 'd ) okay . I be go to send you back one week , give you a hour to look around , then bring you back in ten second . make sense ? scott lang perfectly not confusing . steve good luck , Scott . you have get this . scott lang ( inspire ) yes , I do , Captain America . yes , i- smart hulk pull a lever . scott shrink to nothing . smart hulk count down from three , two , one ... suddenly scott reappear ... but he’s 12-years-old . scott lang uh , guy ? this do not feel right . natasha be that Scott ? smart hulk probably ...? he scramble , hit button . scott shrink to nothing . steve get he back ! smart hulk flip a switch . scott reappear ... at age 93 . 37 scott lang oh , my back ! natasha Bruce ! get it under control . what the hell be go on ? smart hulk I get it , I know exactly what 's go on . pretty much . scott shrink to nothing again . hulk type frantically with a pencil , finger too big for the key . 2-year old scott appear . natasha oh , my God . steve it 's a baby . smart hulk it 's Scott . steve as a baby ! smart hulk hit a button . baby Scott disappear . smart hulk when I tell you , kill the power ! ( throw a switch ) now ! natasha kill the power . normal Scott stumble off the pad . scott lang somebody peed my pants . I do not know if it be baby - I or old -me . or just I -me . ext . avenger compound , hangar - day Steve lean on the wall , discourage . then he hear a engine roar . a audi race up the drive . it stop , the window roll down to reveal ... tony . tony why the long face ? Wild guess , he turn into a baby ? 38 steve among other thing . tony ( get out of the car ) epr paradox . instead of push lang through time , you be push time through lang . it 's dangerous . I probably should have caution you against it . steve you do . tony thank god , I be here . regardless , I fix it . he hold up ... he STAR -shaped capacitor . tony ( cont 'd ) that be a fully - function , time - space gps . I just want peace . resentment be corrosive . I hate it . steve I , too . something ease between they , for the first time in year . tony we have get a shot at the Stones . I just need you to know my priority . bring back everyone we lose , hopefully . keep what I find , definitely . and , let 's not die try . Steve look at tony . finally , he offer he hand . steve sound like a deal . they shake . this be a long time come . finally ... tony but wait , there 's more . Act now , and it come with a bonus offer . tony pop the trunk . Steve stare , move , at ... he shield . steve tony , I do not know - 39 tony what 's to know ? he make it for you . plus , I gotta get it out of the garage before Morgan take it sledding . Steve finally pick up the shield , sliding it onto he arm . steve thank you , tony . tony choke up , then cover by slamm the trunk . tony just do not flaunt it . I do not bring enough for the whole team . we be get the whole team , right ? steve we be try . ext . avenger compound , hangar - day scott sit on a bench , eat a hardshell taco . then a massive exhaust wind blast he , blow he taco away . the benatar land outside avenger compound . nebula and rocket emerge . rocket wait at the end of the gangway . rocket hey , humie . where 's Big Green ? scott lang um , kitchen , I think . Scott try a smile at nebula . she just hit she com : nebula ( into com ) rhodey , careful on re-entry . there 's a idiot in the landing zone . she go in . then , wham , war machine land , startling scott . scott lang oh , my God ! rhodey what 's up , regular - size man ? rhodey go inside as smart hulk walk out , carry a overnight bag . he hand Scott some taco . 40 rocket finally . I be not get all day . smart hulk I call shotgun ! as he walk up the benatar 's gangway , pre - lap a metallic scraping SOUND . ext . new asgard - day the scraping go on as we see ... a norwegian fishing village . tilt to a sign : '' new asgard , '' in English and asgardian rune . a pick - up pass , scraping the pavement : smart hulk and rocket sit in back , weighing down the truck . ext . new asgard , village - day smart hulk and rocket walk through town . asgardian in earthly clothes eye they with suspicion . rocket what the heck be they look at ? smart hulk I be kind of famous ... rocket yeah , I be sure that 's it . kind of a step down from golden palace and magic hammer ... smart hulk they lose asgard , then half they people . maybe they be just happy to have a home . valkyrie ( 0.s. ) you should not have come . valkyrie approach from the pier . smart hulk grins . smart hulk hey , valkyrie ! great to see you ! he go for a hug ... val doesn ’t . she study the new he . valkyrie uh huh . I like you better either of the other way . 4l smart hulk this be rocket . rocket hey . valkyrie hey. ( to both ) he will not see you . smart hulk we do not say we be here to see - valkyrie great , then you can hose out the gut bucket - — rocket we be definitely here to see he . valkyrie he can not give you what you need . smart hulk it 's that bad ? valkyrie we only see he once a month . when he come in for '' supplies . '' she nod to a dozen Beer kegs stacked outside a pub . ext . new asgard , cabin - day smart hulk and rocket knock on the door of a cabin . nothing . int . new asgard , cabin - day smart hulk open the door . pizza box and liquor bottle litter the floor . rocket recoil . rocket something die in here . smart hulk hello ...? thor ...? thor ( 0.s. ) be you here about the cable ? we hear a heavy shuffling as someone approach . 42 thor ( cont 'd ) cinemax go out two day ago , and the sport be all ...fuzzy ... thor enter , confuse , a little drunk , shirtless ... and tremendously fat . rocket and hulk stare . smart hulk thor ? thor bros ! bring it in ! thor hug smart hulk . he turn to rocket , who step back . rocket yeah , I be good . thor hulk , you know my boy , korg and miek , right ? korg and miek sit on the couch , play playstation 4 . korg beer 's in the bucket . feel free to log on to the wifi . smart hulk hey , guy . Long time no - korg thor ! this kid on the tv just call I a dickhead ! thor noobmaster again ? korg noobmaster69 call I a dickhead - thor snatch korg 's headset and hiss into the mic . thor noobmaster , this be thor , again . God of Thunder . this be you last warning . log off this game or I will come to you basement , rip off you arm and shove they up you butt . ( hand the headset back ) right , who want a drink ? 43 smart hulk and rocket just stare . thor pull a beer from the fridge , and whacks the cap against stormbreaker . smart hulk hey , buddy , be you all right ? thor do not I look all right ? rocket ( under he breath ) you look like melt ice cream - thor so , what 's up ? just here for a hang ? smart hulk we need you help . there 's a chance we can fix everything . thor like the cable ? it 's drive I bananas . smart hulk like thanos . thor grab hulk 's shirt , intense . korg rise from the couch . thor do not say that name . korg yeah , we do not say that name in here . smart hulk look down at thor 's hand still on he shirt . smart hulk please take you hand off I . thor look into hulk 's eye ... and gently remove he hand . smart hulk ( cont 'd ) now , I know the think of ... that guy might scare you - thor scare ? why would I be scared of that guy ? I be the one who kill that guy , remember ? ( look around ) anyone else here kill that guy ? ( more ) 44 thor ( cont 'd ) do not think so . korg , tell everyone who chop thanos 's head off . korg stormbreaker ? thor uncap a whiskey bottle . blam , it shatter in he hand . reveal ... rocket , blaster smoking . thor not. cool. man. rocket do not . care. dude . smart hulk look , I get it . you be in a rough patch . I have be there . but you know who help I out of it ? thor be it natasha ? smart hulk it be you . you help I . and I need you to help I again . thor ask the asgardian down there how much '' my help '' be worth . rocket at least they be alive - thor they be god ! now they be fisherpeople ! ( sagging into a chair ) the one that be leave , anyway . smart hulk that 's the thing . I think we can bring they back . thor 's tempt , but shake he head . thor stop . stop . I know you think I be down here , wallowing in my own self - pity , wait to be rescue . but I be fine . I be happy . whatever it be you be offer , do not care . could not care less . 45 hulk and rocket stare at thor . smart hulk come on , pal . we need you . he still can not meet they gaze . finally ... rocket there 's beer in the ship . thor ( beat ) what kind ? ext . tokyo - night a karaoke bar lie in ruins as a tinny pop song plays . blood pool beneath dead yakuza thug , uzis just out of reach of there tattooed hand . title : '' tokyo . '' as we pull back ... the music fade , replaced by a soft crying . a terrified hostess dart from cover , wiping away the chyron . keep pulling back ... past a car smashed through the front window , tattooed driver slumped over the wheel , gun in hand . we hear rain , a revving engine , and then gunfire . pull onto the sidewalk , turning just as a motorcycle crash , rider tumbling past US in a white mohawked helmet . another motorcycle race toward US , but ... whft -whft , two arrow send the rider skidding into a wall , tire squealing as the bike spin helplessly on its side . camera turn toward a alcove , where a yakuza thug tumble off the stair as ... a masked figure head up , stopping momentarily to draw he telescoping blade . behind the smoked glass of second floor window , the figure fight another thug . then ... crash , the thug come smashing through the window . thud . whip through the rain to the upper floors of the build . gunfire flash as the fight continue past three window ... 46 suddenly , the FOURTH window shatter as a yakuza boss , akihiko , leap over the sidewalk ... landing on the metal awning of a noodle shop . he roll to the wet STREET , landing hard on he ankle . the mysterious figure gracefully leap after he , bouncing off the awning and dropping to the STREET below . rack up to get our best look yet at ... ronin . hard - set eye stare at akihiko through a black mask . they battle . akihiko ( japanese , subtitle ) why be you do this ? we never do anything to you ! ronin ( japanese , subtitle ) you survive . half the planet do not . they get thanos . you get I . akihiko attack . ronin slashes he across the middle . ronin ( cont 'd ) ( japanese , subtitle ) you be do hurt people . akihiko gesture at the body in the street . akihiko we hurt people ? you be crazy . ronin slashes akihiko 's throat . the man drop to he knee . akihiko ( cont 'd ) wait ! help I ! i’1l give you anything ! what do you want ? ronin what I want ... you can not give I . ronin finish he off . akihiko goe still . siren wail . ronin remove he mask , revealing ... clint barton , haggard . he hear a footfall . he whirl , katana raise ... then stop . his face go slack as ... natasha step into a pool of light , a large black umbrella keeping her from the rain . they stare at each other . clint have not see she in year . she have not see what he 's become . 47 clint barton you should not be here . natasha neither should you . clint barton I have get a job to do . natasha that what you be call this ? she move even closer . he stiffen . natasha ( cont 'd ) killing this people be not go to bring you family back . ( beat ) we find something . a chance , maybe ... clint barton do not . natasha do not what ? clint barton give I hope . natasha I be just sorry I could not give it sooner . clint dissolves , sagging into she arm . int . avenger compound , hangar - day thor stand with a Beer in a cozy , stare at a new quantum tunnel ( 2.0 ) , affixed with tony' capacitor . tony ( 0.s. ) out of the way , lebowski . thor shuffles aside as tony blow past . tony ( cont 'd ) hey , ratchet , you get lose in there ? rocket ( 0.s. ) it 's rocket , and shut up . you be only a genius on Earth , pal . 48 tony and you be only in there because you have tiny hand . rocket , cover in grease , wriggles out a hatch . rocket fix it . tony thank you . rocket get use to say that . int . avenger compound , workshop - day smart hulk fit scott with a brand new time suit . nebula assist . rhodey enter the workshop , eyeing the suit . rhodey time travel suit , I like it . smart hulk awkwardly try to fit a pair of red test tube into the time suit 's belt . scott lang easy , easy . careful with that . smart hulk I be be very careful - scott lang you be be very hulky - Scott take the tube from he and insert they , himself . scott lang ( cont 'd ) this be pym particle . you can not shrink to the quantum realm without they , and since hank pym get snap out of existence , we can not make any more . I tell you . we have only get enough for one round trip each , no do -over . Scott gently click the tube into they housing . scott lang ( cont 'd ) plus two test run — suddenly , scott shrink into nothing , then grow back . he take that in ... 49 scott lang ( cont 'd ) one test run. ( embarrassed ) okay , maybe I be not ready . clint barton ( 0.s. ) I be game . they turn to see clint lean in the doorway . clint barton ( cont 'd ) I will do it . time CUT : now , clint wear the time suit . Scott look on , sulky . smart hulk , rhodey , and nebula attach the pym housing . smart hulk okay , clint , you might feel a little disorient when you chronoshift - rhodey hang on , I have get to ask , if we can do this , why do not we just go find baby thanos and , you know ... rhodey make a strangling gesture . smart hulk uh , one , because that 's horrible . and , two , kill baby thanos do not kill adult thanos . time do not work like that . you can not change the future by change the past . scott lang sure , we can . we take the stone before thanos get they , then he do not have they . Problem solve . nebula that 's not how it work . clint barton I do not know . that be kind of what I have hear - smart hulk Heard from who ? rhodey Star trek. terminator . Bill and Ted 's excellent - smart hulk why doe everyone think this ? that 's not true . if you TRAVEL to the past , then that past have become you present , and you former present have become the past , which now can ’t be change by you new future ! nebula exactly . rhodey Excuse I ? Scott lean over , whisper : scott lang apparently , back to the future be bullshit . clint barton look , be we do this or not ? int . avenger compound , hangar - day 50 clint wait alone on the platform , wearing the time suit . smart hulk ready the quantum console as rocket , rhodey , nebula , thor , and steve look on . smart hulk okay , clint . start in three , two , one ... clint nod over at they , determine . suddenly , shrink , and vanish . whoosh . ext . barton home , barn - day through the slat of a barn , we see a tractor . flare , revealing clint barton in a time suit . he stretch , ENERGY he walk to the open door , stare at ... he old home . 51 ext ./ int . barton home , front porch - day clint climb the porch . he accidentally kick ... a baseball mitt . then he hear voice . he stare into the house through the screen door . from the sound of it , LAURA and the kide be make dinner . he daughter laugh . clint 's face crumple . just then ... he quantum cuff vibrate . a screen count down : 0:03 . clint barton no . not yet ... ( open the door ) lila ! but he body start to glow . 0.01 - clint vanish . the screen door slam . after a moment , lila run in . lila barton dad ? int . avenger compound , hangar - day clint appear on the pad , shaken . tony and natasha approach . natasha be you all right ? hey , look at I . you okay ? tony tell I something good ... clint look up , tearful . he hold out the baseball mitt . clint barton it work . it work . reveal Steve , smart hulk , nebula , rhodey , Scott , thor , and rocket , look on . rocket Holy crap . we be freaking time traveler . int . avenger compound , live area , day 1 - day ( moco ) on a holo - board : '' mind , space , time , power , reality , soul . '' above each word hover ... its artifact : loki 's scepter , the tesseract , the eye of agamotto , the orb , the aether container , and a question MARK . 52 steve okay . now that we have get how , we be go to need where and when . nebula , tony , rhodey , scott , smart hulk , rocket , natasha , and clint look on . steve ( cont 'd ) most folk here have encounter at least one of the six infinity Stones — tony I think you mean nearly be kill by one of the six infinity Stones . scott lang I have not . ( off they look ) just ... say . smart hulk regardless , we have only get enough pym particle for one round trip , each . and the Stones have be in a lot of place throughout history . tony we history . not all of they be go to be a fun drop -in . clint barton which mean we have get to pick we target . steve exactly . ( he tap '' reality '' ) let 's start with the aether . thor , what do we know ? everyone look toward ... thor , slump over . natasha be he asleep ? rhodey I be pretty sure he 's dead . dissolve to : thor sulk , look at the aether container holo : '' reality '' location be list : '' svartalfheim , knowhere , london . '' 53 thor the aether 's not a stone , it 's more of a angry sludge . my grandfather hide it from Dark elve in a rock between dimension that can only be access every 5000 year . he robotic eye drift off in the wrong direction . thor bang he head , resetting he eye . thor ( cont 'd ) or...by Jane . she stick she hand in a rock . then the aether stick itself inside she . then I take she to asgard . we be dating ... ( depressed ) we be not anymore . everyone stare . dissolve to : int . avenger compound , live area , day 2 - day ( moco ) close on a holo image of the orb : '' power . '' location be list : '' morag ?-2014 , kyln 2014 , xandar 2014-2018 . '' find rocket as he slurp from a container of lo mein . rocket quill say he steal the power Stone from morag . he pace on top of the table , past smart hulk eating a pint of '' hunka hulka burning fudge . '' smart hulk that 's a person ? rocket it 's a planet . quill be a person . scott lang wait , like a planet ... in space ? rocket pinch Scott 's cheek . rocket aw , look . it 's like a puppy , all happy and everything . ( more ) 54 rocket ( cont 'd ) you want to go to space , puppy ? I will take you to space . dissolve to : int . avenger compound , sitting area - day Scott , Steve , natasha , clint , rocket , and smart hulk sit quietly , listen to nebula . nebula thanos find the soul Stone on vormir . natasha and that be ...? nebula a dominion of death at the very center of celestial existence . ( beat ) it 's the place where thanos murder my sister . that hang heavily . a moment pass . then ... scott lang not it . dissolve to : int . avenger compound , office - day , early tony , natasha , and smart hulk hash it out . natasha so this ' time Stone 's guy ... what kind of doctor be he ? smart hulk strange ? tony Cross between ear-nose - and - throat and rabbit-from-hat . smart hulk have a nice place in the Village . tony yeah . Sullivan Street . 55 smart hulk bleecker . tony Sullivan and bleecker . they be cross street . natasha wait , he live in New York ? guy , pick the right year and there be three stone in New York . smart hulk ( beat ) shut the front door ... int . avenger compound , live area , day 3 - day steve block we view . steve okay , we have a plan . six stone , three team , one shot . he step away , revealing the board ... everyone eye the tangle of line connecting six stone to four location to two year to ten heroe . it 's insane . int . avenger compound , hangar - dawn dawn rise outside huge window . our heroe MARCH past in there time suit . steve ( 0.s. ) five year ago , we lose . all of we . int . avenger compound , hangar - day the heroe gather on the quantum platform . steve we lose friend . we lose family . we lose a part of ourselves . ( beat ) but today we have a chance to take it all back . Steve take in the grouping of heroes : rhodey & nebula , nat & clint , thor & rocket , tony & scott . 56 steve ( cont 'd ) you have you team and you have assignment . get you stone , and get back here . one round trip each . no mistake . no do -over . he grip he shield . steve ( cont 'd ) most of we be go back to place we know . that do not mean we know what to expect . be careful . look out for each other . improvise , if you have to . ( look around ) this be the fight of we life . and we be go to win . ( beat ) whatever it take . the platform stay quiet . rocket whisper to Scott : rocket he 's pretty good at that ... Scott nod enthusiastically . tony ( to smart hulk ) all right , you hear the man . stroke that key , jolly Green . smart hulk tap in command with he pencil . light illuminate each pad . smart hulk track beacon engage . clint check he pocket : a shrunken benatar sit inside . rocket you promise to bring that thing back in one piece ? clint barton yeah , sure thing . I x11 do my best . rocket that 's pretty lame , as far as promise go . smart hulk step onto the platform , complete the lineup . the platform begins to vibrate . natasha look around . 57 natasha see you in a minute . smart hulk actually , it will be closer to seven or eight microsecond , give or - suddenly , they stretch and vanish , shrinking away . whoosh . the quantum console stop vibrate . hulka pencil slowly roll toward the edge ... and drop off - ext . new york CITY - day ( avenger 1 ) title : new york , 2012 the battle of new york rage . in the middle of it all , the avenger gather in a circle , facing impossible odd . at the same time , just a block away ... ext . new york CITY , alley - continuous ( avenger 1 ) flash ! steve , smart hulk , tony , and scott arrive at the mouth of a alley , just out of sight . tony okay , Park Avenue 's that way . let 's huddle up . suit off . they all touch they cuff , retracting there time suit . steve we have all get we assignment . two stone uptown , one stone down . stay low , keep a eye on time - just then , Al hulk bound down the STREET smashing thing . steve ( cont 'd ) and Bruce ? maybe smash a few thing along the way . for appearance . smart hulk ( take off he shirt ) all right , but I have to say , it seem gratuitous . he half - heartedly smashes a few car . 58 smart hulk ( cont 'd ) grrr...grrr ... ext . sanctum sanctorum , roof - day ( avenger 1 ) the battle of new york rage . chitauri chariot zoom over the village . suddenly ... boom , the chariot explode . on one side of the sanctum roof , a tiny , hooded figure hurl jag mandalas into the sky . on the other side of the roof ... smart hulk land . he head for a door , but ... ancient one ( 0.s. ) I would be careful go that way ... he turn to find ... the ancient one staring at he . ancient one ( cont 'd ) we just have the floor wax . smart hulk thinks , then growls , try to intimidate her . smart hulk hulk ... do what ... hulk want ? ancient one yes , I suppose that would be the case - just then , on the roof opposite , Al hulk tackle a chitauri chariot , ripping it in half . he roar , leaping away . smart hulk blink , sheepish . the ancient one look at he . ancient one ( cont 'd ) Care to explain ? smart hulk I be look for Dr. strange . ancient one you be about five year too early . Stephen strange be currently perform surgery , 20 block that way . what do you want with he ? he finally notice the eye of agamotto hanging from her neck . smart hulk well , that , actually . 59 ancient one ah. I be afraid not . smart hulk I be seriously sorry but ... I be not ask . smart hulk crack he knuckle and move in . she smile . ancient one you do not want to do this . smart hulk you be right , I do not . but I need that stone , and I do not have a lot of time to debate it - he reach for it . the ancient one slam her palm into he chest and blast bruce banner right out of smart hulk . '' astral banner '' hang in the air , stare at he freeze smart hulk body . he look at he human hand , overwhelm . astral banner no , no , no - she topple smart hulk 's body with one finger . whump . ancient one now . let 's start over , shall we ? int . asgard , palace , corridor - day ( thor 2 ) title : asgard , 2013 a asgardian maiden stand at jane 's room , hand over a GREEN dress . maiden ( 0.s. ) for you , Lady Jane . jane foster ( 0.s. ) um , do you have anything with ... pants ? maiden ( 0.s. ) pant ? jane foster ( 0.s. ) it 's okay . nevermind . pull back to ... rocket and thor , watching from behind a crypt . rocket hold a syringe- like extraction device . 60 thor that 's Jane . rocket okay , here 's the deal . you be go to charm she , and I be go to poke she with this thing , extract the reality Stone , and get go lickety - split . thor look off in the other direction , anxious . thor um , I all be right back . the wine cellar be just down here . my father use to have this barrel of aakonian ale . felt like get hit in the face with a poleaxe . I all see if the scullery have a couple of to - go cup - — they hear someone approaching . rocket yank thor back as ... frigga and her handmaiden enter the corridor . frigga send loki some soup . I do not think he 's eat . and ask we librarian to pull some volume from the astronomy shelf . he will not read they , but at least they 's 1l keep he company . thor watch frigga and she coterie disappear down the hall . rocket who 's the fancy broad ? thor my mother . she die today . rocket oh , jeez . thor start to sweat . thor I can not do this . this be a bad idea . I can not do this ... rocket climb onto a marble monument . rocket come here . 61 thor step closer . rocket slap he across the face . rocket ( cont 'd ) you think you be the only one who 's lose people ? what do you think we be do here ? I lose the only family I ever have . quill , groot , drax , the chick with the antenna . all go . I have live five meaningless year without they , and every minute have blow aaskvarian gornad . I get you miss you mom . but she 's go . really go . there be plenty of people who be only kind of go . and you can help they . so , be it too much to ask that you brush the crumb out of you beard , make shmoopy talk to prettypant , and when she 's not look , suck out the infinity Stone , and help I get my family back ? thor stare at he a long moment . he wipe he tear away . thor I guess not . rocket good. thor thank you . I can do this . rocket great . as rocket scurries to Jane 's door , thor murmur to himself . thor I can do this ... I can do this ... ( beat ) I can not do this ... rocket ( peer through keyhole ) all right , heartbreaker . this be we shot ... rocket turn to find ... thor nowhere to be see . rocket ( cont 'd ) thor ? ( hold he temple ) ( more ) 62 rocket ( cont 'd ) I can kill he , and say the elve do it . ext . morag - day ( guardian ) title : morag , 2014 stiff wind pelt the surface of morag . rhodey steer nebula as she lower the escape pod from the now full - size benatar . rhodey that 's it , right on that line , Blue . keep drop it . nearby , clint survey the planet . geyser explode . cliff loom . a orloni bite natasha 's boot . she kick it away . clint barton ( to rhodey ) hey , can we hurry it up ? natasha yeah , come on , chop chop , we be on the clock , here . rhodey all that ? really helpful ! time CUT : clint and natasha board the benatar . rhodey and nebula remain on the planet 's surface . natasha take care of yourself . rhodey get that stone and come back . no mess around . you guy watch each other 's six . time CUT : beside the pod , rhodey and nebula watch the benatar take off . nebula coordinate for vormir be laid in . all they have to do be not fall out . 63 int . benatar , flight deck - day ( guardian ) clint laugh , watch natasha expertly pilot a spaceship . natasha what ? clint barton nothing . just ... we be a long way from budapest . natasha ( push the throttle ) further every second . ext . morag - day ( guardian ) rhodey scan the landscape . rhodey so , all we have to do be hang out , wait for this quill guy , and follow he to the power Stone , right ? nebula let 's take cover . we be not the only one in this reality look for the stone . rhodey hey , who be you talk about right now ? who else be look for the stone ? nebula my father . my sister . and I . move in on rhodey , concerned . rhodey you ? where be you ? CUT to : ext . battlefield , alien planet - day bad nebula cut down a korbinite soldier with dual blade . she lead thanos 's troops onward as they lay waste to the korbinite home world . just then ... 64 blam ! a grenade knock bad nebula to her knee . two korbinite suddenly , throat . revealing riflemen bear down on her . a GREEN blur leap in , slicing the riflemen 's the two huge soldier drop ... gamora look down at she sister . beat . gamora you be welcome ? bad nebula I do not ask for you help . gamora and yet you always need it . Father want we back on the ship . gamora offer she hand . bad nebula stand on she own . bad nebula why ? gamora he 's find a infinity Stone . off bad nebula 's intrigue look ... int . q- ship - day bad nebula and gamora study a holo-map . bad nebula where ? gamora on a planet call '' morag . '' ext . battlefield , alien planet - day a dark figure advance across the smoky field , relentless . bad nebula ( 0.s. ) Father 's plan be finally in motion . gamora ( 0.s. ) one stone be not six . alien run for cover , scream . something cut they down ... 65 bad nebula ( 0.s. ) it 's a start . if he get they all ... thanos step from the smoke , armored , wield a huge blade . gamora ( 0.s. ) we will never have to do this again . three alien charge he . thanos cut they down . he wipe blood from he face , and smile . bad nebula ( 0.s. ) he ’1ll miss it . a SMALL fighter fly in , strafing he . never breaking stride , thanos slice it in two . he look up to he ship . a beam bathes he in light ... int . q- ship - day bad nebula and gamora turn as thanos enter the flight deck . thanos ronan have locate the power Stone . I be dispatch you to he ship . gamora he will not like it . thanos wipe the blood from he blade . thanos his alternative be death . ronan 's obsession cloud he judgement . after loki , I be take no chance . bad nebula we will not fail you , father . thanos finally lay he eye on she . thanos no . you will not . bad nebula I swear I will make you proud - suddenly , bad nebula stagger , hand to the wall . gamora sister , what 's - 66 thanos watch , curious , as nebula drop to a knee . suddenly , a holo - projection of rhodey beam from her eye . rhodey ( holo ) so , all we have to do be hang out , wait for this quill guy , and follow he to the power Stone , right ? nebula ( holo ) ( 0.8 ) let 's take cover . we be not the only one in this reality look for the stone . bad nebula slump , break the projection . gamora go to she , try to prop she up . gamora who be that ? bad nebula I ... do not know . my head ... split ... bad nebula wince . gamora look to thanos . gamora her synaptic drive be probably damage in battle - thanos sshbh ... thanos look down at bad nebula . he gently lift she head with he blade . something 's not right . thanos ( cont 'd ) bring she to my ship . ext . stark tower , penthouse - day ( avenger 1 ) tony swoops onto the helipad outside the wreck penthouse . int . stark tower , penthouse - day ( avenger 1 ) the mind stone glow in loki 's scepter . pull back to see it 's in Al natasha 's hand , as she stand with ... Al thor , Al steve , Al tony , Al hulk , and Al clint ( the iconic shot from avenger 1 ) , all stare down at ... loki . 67 loki if it 's all the same to you ... i’1ll have that drink now . from behind cover , tony peer at the back side of the avenger tableau . tony ( into com ) cap , I have get to say that outfit do nothing for you ass . steve ( over com ) no one ask you to look , tony . reveal tiny scott on tony 's shoulder . scott lang ( into com ) I think you look great , cap . as far as I be concerned , that 's America 's ass . Al natasha who get the magic wand ? Al steve shield 's come up now . tony Ball 's in play . head 's up , cap . from hide , tony eye Al natasha with loki 's scepter . intercut : int . stark tower , hallway - day steve negotiate a empty hallway , head on a swivel . he head for a elevator . tony ( over com ) mind Stone 's on the move . steve ( into com ) I be in position . int . stark tower , penthouse - day ( avenger 1 ) Al natasha hand loki 's scepter to ... agent sitwell . he 's about to touch the tip when ... Al natasha careful with that . 68 Al clint pour himself a drink at tony 's bar . Al clint barton unless you want you mind erase . and not in the fun way . sitwell carry the scepter to the service elevator ... where a strike team wait . brock rumlow hit '' down . '' brock rumlow we promise to be extra careful . Scott stare at sitwell and rumlow . scott lang who be this guy ? tony shield . actually , hydra . but we do not know that yet . scott lang seriously ? ' Cause it 's kind of obvious they be bad guy . tony you be small but you be talk loud . Al thor walk loki past Al steve . Al steve ( into com ) I be on my way down to coordinate search and rescue . loki roll he eye ... and transform into a copy of steve . loki / steve '' I be on my way down to coordinate search and rescue . '' I mean , really , how do you keep you food down ? thor slap a muzzle on loki , who revert to he own form . Al thor yes , that 's much better . he steer he brother into the MAIN elevator . Al thor ( cont 'd ) you come , Stark ? 69 nearby , Al tony use he gauntlete hand to place the tesseract into a aluminum attache case . Al tony one sec , just pack my lunch . tony all right , you be up , Little buddy . there 's we stone Al tony cross to the elevator . Scott take position , readying himself . scott lang all right . flick I . tony flick Scott with a finger , send he sailing into the attache case . tony leap out the window , bleed Edge armor form around he as he fall . Al tony join the other in the elevator . then ... Al hulk step up to the already crowded elevator . avenger smile awkwardly . there 's no room . Al hulk ( angrily ) hulk take stair . ext . stark tower - day tony circle around the building ... passing the descending service elevator , crowded with rumlow 's strike team . tony ( 0.s. ) okay , cap , I make ten of they , just pass the 80th floor . steve ( 0.s. ) get it . head to the lobby . tony ( 0.s. ) already on my way . int . stark tower , service elevator - day ( avenger 1 ) sitwell , rumlow , and the strike team descend . 70 agent sitwell ( into phone ) evidence secure , we be en route to Dr. list ... no , no hitches at all , Mr. Secretary ... the car stop . the door open ... and our steve get on . agent sitwell ( cont 'd ) Captain , I think you be coordinate search and rescue ? steve Change of plan . Steve glance at rumlow , who 's hold the scepter . brock rumlow cap . steve rumlow . the door close . everyone ride in silence . tension mount . steve ( cont 'd ) I get a call from the Secretary 's office . I be go to be run point on the scepter . behind he , sitwell and rumlow exchange a glance . agent sitwell Sir ? I do not understand - steve we have have word there might be a attempt to steal it . Steve reach for the scepter , but rumlow hold tight . brock rumlow afraid we can not allow that , cap . agent sitwell ( pull out he phone ) I will have to check with the director - steve no. trust I . it 's okay ... Steve lean in , draw they all close . then he whisper : 71 steve ( cont 'd ) hail hydra . there eye go wide . int . stark tower , 10 th floor - day ( avenger 1 ) the elevator open . Steve step out with the scepter . sitwell and rumlow stare after he , amaze . the door close . steve smile to himself . int . stark tower , stairwell - day ( avenger 1 ) Al hulk lumber down the stair , take chunks out of corner in the tiny stairwell . he snort , grow more piss off . Al hulk so many stair ! int . stark tower , lobby - day ( avenger 1 ) Al tony carry the tesseract case through the lobby , follow by Al thor and loki . swat troopers clear a path . one turn aside , raising he mask , revealing ... our tony . tony ( into com ) okay , thumbelina , you be a go . move in close on Al tony to see ... scott , hiding in he hair . scott lang ( into com ) bomb away . scott drop beneath tony 's black sabbath shirt . int . tony stark 's shirt - continuous ( avenger 1 ) scott slide down tony 's clavicle to the rt . he sniff . scott lang ( into com ) be that ... axe body spray ? tony ( over com ) yeah , I have a can in the desk for emergency . can we focus , please ? 72 scott lang ( into com ) I be go inside you ... now . scott squeezy between Al tony 's skin and the rt . int . stark tower , lobby - day ( avenger 1 ) Al tony , Al thor , and loki approach the door . alexander pierce intercept they with a team of shield agent . alexander pierce mind if I ask where you be go ? Al thor we be think lunch , then asgard . and you be ? Al tony Alexander pierce . he 's the guy behind the guy behind fury , so do not mess . alexander pierce my friend call I Mr. Secretary . ( to thor ) I have to ask you to turn the prisoner over to I . Al thor loki will answer to odin , himself . alexander pierce no , he ’1ll answer to we . '' odin '' can have what 's leave . ( to tony ) and we will need the case back , too . that 's be shield property for over seventy year . Al tony I be not gonna argue who have authority here but jurisdictionally speak , we be on Stark property . that be my name on the glass ... alexander pierce just give I the case . across the lobby , tony observes from behind he swat helmet . 73 tony ( into com ) move it , Stuart Little . thing be get dicey out here . intercut : int . tony stark 's rt - day ( avenger 1 ) Scott study a tangle of copper wiring . scott lang ( into com ) this place be a mess . ( find a wire ) you promise you will not die ? tony ( over com ) you be only give I a minor cardiac dysrhythmia - scott lang that do not actually sound minor - tony see pierce reach for Al tony's case . tony window 's close . pull my plug . scott lang here go ... scott yank the wire out of its socket . in the lobby , Al tony grip he chest . alexander pierce Stark ? Al tony seize , drop . the tesseract case clatter to the ground . pierce and Al thor kneel to assist . alexander pierce ( cont 'd ) medic ! Al thor Stark ? somebody get some help ! be it you chest machine ? the lobby buzy , shield agent running everywhere . in the bustle , scott slide out of Al tony 's sleeve . he shove the tesseract case hard . it spin across the floor ... right into tony 's hand . tony walk toward a side door . 74 tony ( into com ) meet I in the alley . I be just gonna grab a slice at famous Ray 's - — but as tony pass the stairwell door ... hulk bang it OPEN , smashing tony in the face , sending he tumbling . Al hulk bash he way through the lobby . the tesseract case hit the floor , pop open . the tesseract fall out , spin past tiny Scott ... stopping at loki 's feet . loki stare at it in disbelief . he glance at Al thor and pierce give Al tony first aid . then loki calmly reach down with he manacled hand , grasp the tesseract ... and teleport away . Scott stare , stunne . scott lang that be not suppose to happen , be it ? Al thor look up , realizing ... Al thor wherem loki ? shield team fan out , on alert . int . stark tower , 14th floor - day ( avenger 1 ) steve head down a hall , scepter in hand . security ( over speaker ) Building - wide alert , all unit . target loki , maximum force . steve ( into com ) tony ? what 's go on ? tell I you get that cube - Al steve ( 0.s. ) Strike team , clear forty , then work down . before Steve can hide ... Al steve round the corner . steve oh , great . Al steve ( into com ) disregard . I have eye on loki , fourteenth floor . 75 steve gently lay the scepter down , and pull off he shield . steve I be not loki . and I do not want to hurt you . Al steve pull he shield off he back . Al steve you be not go to get the chance - Al steve kick steve in the face . Steve stumble . steve forget about that one . they grapple . both they shield fall to the ground ... they both stamp on they , simultaneously flipping the shield back to they arm . Al Steve look impressed . Al steve swing . steve duck , hammering he . Al Steve wipe the blood from he lip , squaring off . Al steve I can do this all day - steve yeah , I know ... they battle on . Al Steve tackle Steve , knock he shield aside , ripping OPEN one of steve’s belt compartment : the compass fall out , open to reveal peggyas picture . Al Steve go cold . he pick up the compass , flabbergasted . Al steve where would you get this ? steve px . Camp lehigh . 1943 . Al Steve stare at Steve , eye narrowing . Al steve you have get a lot of nerve . he hammer steve across the hall . Steve go skid . he groan , look up to see ... he’s inches from the scepter . Al steve move in . steve whip around , touch the scepter to Al Steve 's chest . Al steve 's eye go black . he freeze . 76 Steve stare , panting . finally , he pick up the compass from the floor , then consider Al steve 's ass . steve that be America 's ass . ext . sanctum sanctorum , roof - day ( avenger 1 ) smart hulk' body lie slump on a adirondack chair , a floppy sun hat cover he face . ancient one ( 0.s. ) I wish I could help you , Bruce ... the ancient one water a rooftop garden . she look to astral banner , who 's only just get use to be see-through . ancient one ( cont 'd ) but if I be to give up the time Stone to help you reality , I would be doom my own . astral banner yeah , with all due respect , I be not sure the science support that . ancient one and yet , you be the one currently stand in the middle of my hydrangeas . Banner look down to see , indeed , he have phase through the middle of the hydrangeas . he step out of it . astral banner Lady , I just want to borrow you necklace - ancient one at what cost ? she conjure a magical projection of the infinity stone , spinning in unison . a tunnel of golden light pour forth . ancient one ( cont 'd ) the infinity Stones create the experience you know as the flow of time . remove one of the stone , and the flow split . she pluck the GREEN time stone out of the array : a smaller , blackened river branch off from the first . 77 ancient one ( cont 'd ) now , you timeline might benefit . my new one ... would definitely not . she gesture . our camera zoom into the blackened tunnel ... tunnel Pov : hundred of people run as we fly over a crowded STREET , up to ... the burning hong kong sanctum . ancient one ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) in this new branch reality , without we chief weapon against the force of darkness , we world would be overrun ... move up to see dormammu in the sky . he open he mouth ... back on the roof ... the ancient one pluck more stone from the golden river , creating five more blackened tributaries . ancient one ( cont 'd ) for each stone you remove , you will create a new , vulnerable timeline . million will suffer . ( beat ) now tell I , Doctor . can you science prevent all that ? astral banner no . but it can erase it . astral Banner reach in and grab the virtual time stone . astral banner ( cont 'd ) because once we be do with the stone , we can return each one to its own timeline . at the moment it be take . so chronologically , in that reality , the stone never leave . he put the time stone back . the black timeline disappear . ancient one you be leave out the most important part , though . in order to put the stone back , you have have to survive . astral banner we will . iwill . I promise . ancient one I can not risk this reality ona promise . ( more ) 78 ancient one ( cont 'd ) it be the duty of the sorcerer Supreme to protect the time Stone - astral banner yeah ? then why the hell do strange give it away ? the ancient one freeze . ancient one what do you say ? astral banner strange give thanos the time Stone . ancient one willingly ? why ? astral banner do not know . maybe he make a mistake . ancient one or I do . the ancient one look out over a recover NYC . ancient one ( cont 'd ) strange be mean to be the best of we . astral banner then he must have have a reason . ancient one I fear you may be right ... finally , she wave she hand and ... whoosh ! he reintegrate into the smart hulk body . smart hulk get up , woozy . she remove the time stone from the eye , handing it to he . smart hulk thank you . ancient one I be count on you , Bruce . ( re. the city behind she ) we all be . ext . sanctuary 2 - day the sanctuary-2 loom . 79 int . sanctuary 2 - day bad nebula hang suspended . cable travel from she '' brain '' to a glowing wall of databank , which silhouettes ... thanos . he regards she for a moment . then ... thanos run diagnostics . show I she memory file . at the console , ebony maw scan nebula 's information . nebula 's body twitches . gamora watch , torn . soon ... a alert flash . ebony maw Sir , the file appear ... entangle . it be a memory , but not hers . ( dawn on he ) there 's another consciousness share she network . another nebula . thanos impossible . ebony maw this duplicate carry a time stamp ... from nine year in the future . thanos where be this '' other nebula ? '' ebony maw in we solar system . on morag . thanos can you access she ? ebony maw yes . the two be link . thanos peer into bad nebula 's glassy eye ... thanos search the duplicate 's memory for infinity Stones . maw work the console . thanos step aside as bad nebula 's body quiver . after a beat , a beam shoot out of her eye ... projecting a image of avenger compound : 80 steve , tony , rhodey , scott , smart hulk , rocket , natasha , clint , and thor gather in the live area . the image smart hulk ( holo ) - the Stones have be in a lot of place throughout history . tony ( holo ) we history . not all of they be go to be a fun drop -in . clint barton ( holo ) which mean we have get to pick we target . steve ( holo ) exactly . let 's start here - thanos freeze image . freeze . thanos stare , recognizing they . gamora terran ? thanos avenger . unruly wretch . he gesture to a blurry reflection within the hologram . thanos ( cont 'd ) what 's this reflection . amplify this , maw . ebony maw zoom in , revealing ... a reflection of nebula . gamora I do not understand . two nebulas ? thanos walk into the hologram , study the face . thanos no . the same nebula . from two different time . ( to ebony maw ) set course for morag . and scan the duplicate 's memory . ( beat ) I want to see everything ... 81 int . asgard , palace , corridor - day ( thor 2 ) frigga walk down a corridor , alone . thor sneak from column to column , following her . she pause , sense something . thor hide . when he peer again , frigga be gone . then he turn around to find frigga stand beside he . thor jump . frigga what be you do ? thor mother ! what ? nothing . hello . frigga you be better off leave the sneaking to you brother . ( re. he bathrobe ) what be you wear ? thor I always wear this . it 's one of my favorite . frigga and what 's wrong with you eye ? thor oh , that . you remember the ... Battle of harokin . I take a... broadsword to the face ? he trail off , at a loss , stare at he dead mom . frigga gently lay she hand on he cheek ... reading he . frigga oh . you be not the thor I know at all , be you ? thor yes , I be - frigga I be raise by witch , boy . I see with more than eye , you know that . ( eyeing he ) I can see the future have not be kind to you , have it ? thor I do not say I be from the future ... frigga thor ... 82 frigga give she son a stern , '' do not lie to I '' look . thor stare at he mom a long moment . then , he crack : thor I be totally from the future . frigga yes , you be . thor I need to talk to you . frigga we can talk . frigga grab thor by the cloak and yank he int . asgard , palace , jane foster 's chamber - away . day ( thor 2 ) close on a pair of modern boot beneath a asgardian gown . tilt up to find ... jane foster . she study the outfit . behind she , rocket raise the extraction device over he head , about to jab ... int . asgard , palace , frigga 's chamber - day ( thor 2 ) frigga sit with thor in she chamber . thor -..- and then it be do . his head over there . body over there . and I in the middle . just a idiot with a axe . frigga you be no idiot . you be here , be not you ? seek counsel from the smartest person in asgard ? thor yeah , I guess . frigga a idiot , no . a failure , absolutely . 83 thor that 's a little harsh - frigga quite a colossal one , by the sound of it . thor okay , maybe just stop talk . frigga and you know what that make you ? just like everyone else . thor I be not suppose to be like everyone else , though . frigga everyone fail at '' who they be suppose to be , '' thor . the measure of a person , of a hero , be how well they succeed at be who they be . thor stare at she , bite back emotion . thor I have really miss you , mum. int . asgard , palace , corridor - day ( thor 2 ) rocket tear down the hall , extraction device in hand . rocket I get it I get it I get it ! a troop of einherjar chase after he . int . asgard , palace , frigga 's chamber - day ( thor 2 ) thor look at the observatory : Dark elve will soon attack . thor mum , I have to tell you something - frigga no , son . you do not . you have come to repair you future , not mine . thor but you future - 84 frigga be none of my business . thor stare at she , tear . then rocket race into the room . rocket ( to frigga ) hi. you must be mom. ( to thor , re. the device ) I get the thing . come on , we gotta move - thor look to frigga . thor I wish we have more time - frigga this be a gift . now , go be the man you be mean to be . ( beat ) and eat a salad . thor smile . he and rocket activate they time suit . rocket Three ... two - thor no. wait . thor dramatically hold out he hand . a long moment pass . rocket what be I look at ? frigga sometimes it take a second . then ... mjolnir sail into her son 's hand . she grin , proud . thor ( relieved ) still worthy . mother and son look at each other for the last time . thor ( cont 'd ) Goodbye , mum . frigga Goodbye , Son . then , whoosh ! thor and rocket disappear . 85 suddenly ... the palace rumble . frigga look to the window , where a dark elf warship decloak . she reach for a sword . prelap : '' come and get you love , '' by redbone . ext . morag , abandoned CITY - day ( guardian ) peter quill , in red , pleather trench coat and headphone , dance through the ruin of a alien city . pull back to ... nebula and rhodey watching from behind a rock . rhodey so , he 's a idiot . nebula yes . quill spin , arm out , eye shut . when the horizon finally settles ... he see a metal man stand there waiting for he . quill oh , fu - bam ! rhodey deck quill in the face . quill drop , out cold . rhodey sorry about that . I know you guy be teammate and everything . nebula do you hear I complain ? nebula rifle through quill 's sack . she pull out a electronic lock pick . rhodey what be that ? nebula the tool of a thief . come on . they set out toward the ruined CITY . int . morag , temple vault - day ( guardian ) whir , click . two huge , stone door slide OPEN , revealing nebula and rhodey . she step in . rhodey tries to stop her . 86 rhodey hang on . this would be about the time the spike come out , you know , with the skeleton still on they ? nebula what be you talk about ? rhodey I be just say , when you break into a place call , '' the Temple of the power Stone '' , there be usually ... ahead , they see ... the power stone orb hovering above its pedestal , surrounded by a web of laser thread . rhodey ( cont 'd ) traps and stuff . ( nebula step inside ) okay , do not say I do not warn you . rhodey scan the laser web , strategize . rhodey ( cont 'd ) this be photovoltaic laser on a constantly shifting matrix . gonna be damn near impossible to neutralize unless we - suddenly , nebula reach her cybernetic arm through the web . she grab the orb ... but the web grip her , frying her arm . she pull out the orb , but see rhodey stare at her blackened claw . nebula I be not always like this . he see actual emotion somewhere inside she . favor he exoskeletal leg brace as he soften . rhodey yeah , I either . I guess we do the best with what we have get , huh ? she hand he the orb with just the ghost of a smile . rhodey ( cont 'd ) let 's get out of here . place give I the creep . sync up . Three ... two ...one ... 87 rhodey tap he cuff , shrinking away . nebula go for hers ... but her eye roll back . she collapse , seizing violently , then go still . her eye snap open , project a hologram of ... thanos . thanos ( holo ) what 's wrong ? int . sanctuary-2 , interrogation cell - day back in the interrogation cell , bad nebula 's eye beam : in thanos 's lodge , the avenger surround a one -armed thanos . thanos study he holo -future -self , watching he destiny play out in front of he . bruce banner ( holo ) you murder trillion . thanos ( holo ) you should be grateful . natasha ( holo ) where be the stone ? thanos smirk , putting the piece together . thanos ( holo ) go . reduced to atom . bruce banner ( holo ) you use they two day ago ! thanos ( holo ) I use the stone to destroy the stone . the work be do . it always will be ... he step forward , finishing he own thought . thanos ( holo ) ( cont 'd ) thanos ( cont 'd ) I am inevitable - I am inevitable . thanos nod to maw , who freeze the program . thanos walk through the hologram , studying the heroe . gamora what do you do to they ? thanos nothing . yet. ( piece it together ) ( more ) 88 thanos ( cont 'd ) they be not try to stop something I be go to do in we time . they be try to undo something I have already do in theirs . gamora ( uneasy ) the stone . thanos I find they all . I win . tipped the cosmic scale to balance . ebony maw sire . this be you future ? thanos my destiny . he stare , mind whirling . he nod . the memory resume . rhodey ( holo ) he 's lie . nebula ( 0.s. ) my father be many thing . a liar be not one of they . thanos ( holo ) thank you , daughter . perhaps I have treat you too - whump . thor cut off thanos 's head . the view linger as '' nebula '' stare at her dead father . thanos study he severe head ... and smile . thanos ( cont 'd ) and that be destiny fulfil . gamora stare , tear . but ebony maw fume on thanos 's behalf . ebony maw sire . you daughter be a traitor . ebony maw gesture : cable wrap around nebula 's neck . she awaken , panicked . she look up at thanos . bad nebula ( choke ) no. please , father . that 's not I . I would never betray you . please - 89 thanos unwrap the cord . he touch he daughter 's face . thanos ssh , child . I know . and you 'il have the chance to prove it ... int . morag , temple vault - day ( guardian ) zzzt . on the floor , nebula 's eye SNAP OPEN , horrified . nebula he know ... ext . morag - day ( guardian ) boot pound across the rock . nebula run flat out , desperate , heading for the escape pod . int . escape pod - day ( guardian ) nebula rush to the console and open a communication link . nebula ( into com ) Barton , romanoff , come in . we have a problem . thanos know ! thanos - — suddenly , a shadow fall over the pod. nebula look out the cockpit window ... as a tractor beam pull the entire pod skyward . ext . new york CITY , alley - ( avenger 1 ) in the alley , Steve drop down from the building . he hear a whistle . tony wave from behind a crash car . tony we have get a problem . time CUT : steve huddle with tony and scott . steve how could you lose it ? tony what do you want ? I get hit in the head with a hulk ! 90 scott lang you say we only have one shot . this be we shot . we shot it . it be six stone or nothing ! six stone — tony you be not help - scott lang you ruin the time heist ! tony okay , okay , loki 's from asgard , he 's comfortable there . know the restaurant . it 's a safe bet he visit home . if we can just grab this - thor and explain the situation , he and I can fly - steve loki could be anywhere in the universe . we have be old man before we find he . as Steve and Scott debate , move in on tony , mind whirling ... steve ( cont 'd ) what other option do we have on the tesseract ? scott lang whoa , whoa . we do not have any other option . we can not go to any other time . no do -over ! we have only get one particle leave , each . use it now , that 's it , bye -bye , we do not come home . steve but if we do not try , nobody else come home , either . tony I get it ! there 's another way to re-take the tesseract , and acquire new particle . ( to Steve ) military installation , Garden State . Steve eye tony , beginning to understand . 91 steve when be they both there ? tony I have a vaguely exact idea . steve how vague ? scott lang hang on , what 's in New Jersey ? tony I know they be there , and I know how I know . steve study tony a long moment ... steve look like we be improvise . scott lang wait ! what be you improvise ? steve hand scott the staff . steve Scott , take this back to the compound . tony all right , suit on . try this coordinate . 04-07-19-70 ... scott lang Steve - cap- Captain America , if you do this and he 's wrong ... you be not come back . Steve and tony let the weight of that sink in . d he 's right . even so , tony turn to Steve . tony you trust I ? steve I do . they stare at each other , then ... click . they both hit there cuff . tony and steve shrink to nothing ... 92 ext . new jersey wood - day ( 1970 ) cue music : '' hey lawdy mama , '' steppenwolf . a 1970 oldsmobile motor down a wood road . the bumper sticker read : '' nuff say . '' at the wheel , stan lee ( 48 ) , long hair , moustache , OPEN shirt , sing along to the radio , two lady at he side . he pass by a army base , throw a peace sign to a guard . stan lee make love , not war , baby ! he roar off , pass a fade sign : '' U.S. army - camp lehigh - birthplace of captain america . '' move into the base ... tony ( 0.s. ) you be not actually bear here , right ? ext . camp lehigh - day ( 1970 ) soldier MARCH past as ... tony and Steve round the corner , tony in a lab coat and steve in GREEN khakis , low - pulled cap , and mirrore sunglass . steve the idea of I be . tony ( look around ) all right . if I be shield and I want to hide my quasi-fascistic black site , where would I hide it ? steve in plain sight . Steve nod at a man in a gray suit approach a building , '' munition . '' he open the door with a retro-tech punch card . tony touch he glass : he x-ray into the ground , illuminating ... twenty floors of secret , underground base . int . camp lehigh , elevator - day ( 1970 ) muzak play as steve and tony ride down with a female shield agent . 93 she stare awkwardly at tony . Steve keep he hat down . ding . the door open . tony exit , then turn back to Steve . tony good luck with that mission , Captain . steve good luck with you project , Doctor . tony duck out . the door close . the agent turn to Steve . female shield agent you new here ? steve not exactly . int . camp lehigh , shield facility , archive - day ( 1970 ) tony search high , crowded archive shelve . tony come on , you little hexahedron , where be you hide ? finally , he spot a high tech safe . he grab a briefcase , then nanos a gauntlet , frying the safer lock . it open revealing ... the tesseract . tony smile . tony ( cont 'd ) you may not know it now , but someday you be go to be a real pain - in- the -ass . just then ... the archive door open . howard stark ( 0.s. ) hey , arnim , you in here ? tony lock the cube in the briefcase just before ... howard stark ( 49 ) appear , carry rose and a can of sauerkraut . tony stare , stunned . howard stark ( cont 'd ) hey , I be look for Dr. Zola . you see he ? tony no . have not see a soul . 94 tony stand in front of he father , overwhelm . Howard look at he , a bit suspicious . howard stark I know you ? from he pocket , tony generate a badge out of nano -tech . he hold it out . tony no , sir . just visit from MIT . howard stark that so ? get a name ? tony Howard ... howard stark easy to remember - tony pott . howard stark I be Howard Stark . ( shaking hand ) you seem a little green around the gill , pott . need some air ? tony that would be swell . tony distractedly walk away , leave the briefcase . howard stark need the briefcase ? pre -lap a ringing phone ... int . camp lehigh , shield facility , pym 's lab - day ( 1970 ) close on : a ant . a phone continue to ring . then ... hank pym ( 0.s. ) hello ? pull back : the ant crawl in a antfarm on a lab shelf . steve ( over phone ) Dr. pym ? 95 hank pym ( 0.s. ) that would be the number you call , yes . pan across the shelf to a chart of wasp maturation . steve ( over phone ) this be Captain Stevens , from shipping . we have a package for you . keep panning to a prototype ant -man helmet . hank pym ( 0.s. ) so bring it up . steve ( over phone ) that 's the thing , sir , we can not . arrive on ... hank pym ( 20' ) , in brown hair and lab coat . hank pym maybe I be confuse . be not that you job ? steve ( over phone ) it 's just ... sir , the box be glow . and to be honest , a couple of we mail guy be not feel great - hank pym they do not open it , do they ?! int . camp lehigh , shield facility , hallway - day ( 1970 ) a door marked , '' dr . henry pym , " fly open . hank exit , fume , brush past ... steve . Steve watch hank stalk off ... then duck into hank 's lab . int . camp lehigh , shield facility , elevator - day ( 1970 ) howard and tony step onto a elevator . the door shut . tony sauerkraut and a bouquet ... big night plan ? howard stark ( lift one at a time ) my wife 's expect . and too much time at the office . tony puzzle the date out in he head ... tony congratulation . howard stark thanks . tony how far along be she ? howard stark gee , I suppose ... ( indicate ) ...- this far . she 's at the point where she can not stand the sound of my chew . so I guess I 'il be eat in the pantry again . tony I have a little girl . 96 tony smile . he 's talk about the man-he 's talk - to 's granddaughter , fifty year before she 's bear . howard stark a girl would be nice . less chance she would turn out exactly like I . tony would that be so bad ? howard stark let 's just say the great good have not always outweigh my own self interest . the elevator door open . int . camp lehigh , shield facility , pym 's lab - day ( 1970 ) steve search hank 's lab , finally open the fridge to find ... a tray of brand new pym particle . 97 int . camp lehigh , shield facility , hallway - day ( 1970 ) Steve exit hank 's lab and head for the elevator . but it open , revealing the female agent from earlier , with a m.p. m.p . you have never see either of this man before ? female shield agent no . but I have a eye for this . something look fishy . m.p. describe ' fishy '. female shield agent one of they have a hippie beard . m.p . we talk bee gee or mungo Jerry ? female shield agent definitely mungo Jerry . m.p. ( over walkie- talkie ) this be chesler . we need every available agent to sub-level 6 . we have a potential breach . Steve duck through the nearest door ... int . camp lehigh , shield facility , peggy 's ofc . - day ( 1970 ) Steve enter a darken office . a glass wall separate it from another bullpen . then he see something on the desk . he stare , stunne , at two photo : one feature peggy carter stand with JFK . the other be of skinny steve . Steve turn the desk nameplate around : '' margaret carter . '' Steve realize that even twenty - five year later , Peggy never forget about he . just then , the bullpen door fly OPEN . light SNAP on , revealing peggy carter ( 49 ) , talk to someone in the hall . peggy carter so , send they in . 98 male agent they be try , mar ’am , but braddock 's unit have be stop by lightning strike . peggy carter oh , for the love of - I ’1ll find the weather projection . you call braddock and tell he to shelter in place . assume he 's bright enough to come out of the rain . male agent ( 0.s. ) yes , mar ‘am . Steve stare at she from the darkness , stunned . Peggy rifle through a file cabinet . peggy carter here we be ... she flip through a file , read . in the darkness behind she , Steve approach . Peggy read something disturbing . peggy carter ( cont 'd ) crikey o'reilly . ( call out ) sergeant ? hang up and call Air Command . braddock need back up , immediately . male agent ma’ be ? peggy carter that be not lightning strike he 's look at ... she slap the file close and hurry out . Steve stare after she a long moment . ext . camp lehigh - day ( 1970 ) Howard and tony approach a waiting limo . tony get any name , yet ? howard stark if it 's a boy , my wife like elmonzo . 99 tony you might let that stew a while . you have get time . howard stark what be you , couple year older than I ? tony yeah . I guess . howard stark let I ask you a question . when you kid be bear ... be you nervous ? tony wildly . howard stark do you feel qualified ? like you have any idea how to successfully operate that thing ? tony I piece it together as I go along . I think about what my dad do ... howard stark my old man never meet a problem he could not solve with a belt . tony I try to hold onto the good stuff . dad drop the odd pearl , here and there . howard stark like what ? tony '' no amount of money ever buy a second of time . '' howard stark that 's good . smart guy . tony he do he best . 100 howard stark I tell you , this kid 's not even here yet , but there 's nothing I would not do for he . tony take this in , gratified . just then ... edwin jarvis ( 56 ) open the limo door . howard stark ( cont 'd ) besides , if I fall down on the father job , old jarvis be ready to pick up the slack . be not that right ? edwin jarvis indeed , sir . I shall endeavor to teach the lad the rudiment of judo . tony smile at he old friend . as jarvis get in the car , tony notice ... steve waiting behind a jeep . time to go . Howard turn to shake tony 's hand . howard stark well , good to meet you , pott . tony you be go to do fine , Howard . howard stark thanks . see you around ? tony Count on it ... as he get into he car , Howard look to jarvis . howard stark have we meet he before ? edwin jarvis we have meet a lot of people , sir . howard stark seem very familiar . ( beat ) weird beard . ext . sanctuary 2 - space the sanctuary - 2 cruise ominously through space . 101 int . sanctuary -2 , prison cell - day whack ! nebula goe tumbling across the floor . she get to she knee , look up at ... bad nebula , glaring down at her . bad nebula you be weak . nebula I be you - bad nebula shut up ! bad nebula punch good nebula down . good nebula groans as bad nebula rip off her time -space gps . then gamora enter . nebula soften , take in she ( once dead ) sister . nebula you could stop this . you know you want to . ( off gamora 's look ) do you see what happen in the future ? thanos find the soul Stone . move in on gamora , wheel turning ... nebula ( cont 'd ) you want to know how he do that ? you want to know what he do to you - bad nebula enough ! bad nebula smack her the hardest yet , then leans in with a jagged instrument of torture . bad nebula ( cont 'd ) you disgust I ... but that do not mean you be useless . she pry off the orange panel from good nebula 's head . gamora take in this new development ... int . sanctuary -2 , throne room - day bad nebula enter to find thanos on he throne . she hand he good nebula 's time -space gps . he smile . 102 bad nebula affix good nebula 's orange panel onto she head . bad nebula how do I look ? ext . benatar - space the benatar approach vormir . title : vormir , 2014 int . benatar , flight deck - space natasha and clint stand on the flight deck , stare at the majestic , purple planet . clint barton under different circumstance , this would be totally awesome . ext . vormir - day clint and natasha eye the benatar rest on a sand dune . clint fire a pym particle . whoosh , the entire ship disappear . clint lift the shrunken benatar and tuck it in he pocket . clint and natasha trek across the dune of vormir , toward ... the mountain . ext . vormir , midway up the mountain - day natasha and clint climb , rag . they approach a archway . clint barton really start to regret my choice here . natasha yeah . I be gonna bet the raccoon do not have to climb a mountain . clint barton I do not think technically he 's a raccoon ... natasha whatever . he eat garbage - 103 they hear something . they whirl , weapon up . a hooded figure approach . hooded figure I assure you , you have nothing to fear from I . clint barton creepy . hooded figure welcome natasha , daughter of Ivan . clint , son of edith . clint barton creepier . natasha who be you ? red skull consider I a guide . to you , and to all who seek the soul Stone . natasha great . you show we where it be , and we will be on we way . the figure remove he hood , revealing ... the red skull . red skull oh , liebchen . if only it be that easy ... ext . vormir , mountain top - day start on jagged rock . tilt up to see skull , natasha , and clint stare down from the altar . red skull what you seek lie in front of you . as do what you fear . natasha the Stone be down there ? red skull for one of you . for the other ... ( smile it away ) the Stone demand a sacrifice . in order to take it , you must leave behind that which you love . 104 skull point a bony finger down the well . red skull ( cont 'd ) a soul for a soul . natasha and clint stare down the well , stunne . time CUT : red skull stare down the well , robe whipping in the wind . clint barton ( 0.s. ) maybe he 's full of shit . fifty feet away , at the monolith , natasha and clint huddle . natasha I do not think so . clint barton why , because he know you daddy 's name ? natasha I do not . ( off he look ) thanos leave here with the stone , and without he daughter . you really think that 's a coincidence ? they both look out at the well , heavy . natasha ( cont 'd ) ( under she breath ) whatever it take ... clint barton ( under he breath ) whatever it take ... natasha go to clint , resolve . natasha if we do not get the stone , billion of people be go to stay dead . clint barton then I guess we both know who it have to be . natasha yeah . guess we do . they take each other 's hand . a long goodbye beat . except ... 105 clint barton I be start to think we do not mean the same person . natasha for the last five year , I have be try to do one thing -- get to right here . this be all it 's be about . bring everybody back . clint barton do not get all decent on I - natasha you think I want to do it ? I be try to save you life , you idiot - clint barton and I do not want you to . ( beat ) nat . you know what I have do . what I be now . you life 's worth ten of mine - natasha I do not judge people by they worst mistake - — clint barton maybe you should - natasha you do not . that stop he . he look in she eye , then down , give in . she out she she the clint barton you be a pain in my ass , you know that ? relax for the briefest moment . just then , clint sweep her legs , pinning her down . clint barton ( cont 'd ) tell my family I love they . reverse , sending he tumbling . natasha tell they yourself . fire a widow 's bite into he chest and make a break for cliff . she 's halfway there when ... 106 boom ! a exploding arrow knock her off her feet . clint race past she ... leaping off edge of the cliff . just as he fall ... natasha tackle he in mid - AIR . they drop , but natasha shoot her grappling line into the cliff . they slam into the cliffside . she attaches the other end of she grapple line to clint 's belt ... save he life . she slide , but he reach out and grab she ... save hers . clint barton damn you . they hang there a long , terrible moment . clint 's grasp start to loosen . finally , she look he in the eye . natasha let I go . clint barton no. please no ... the two friend stare at each other , a lifetime between they . natasha it 's okay ... clint barton natasha , no - then natasha romanoff kick off the cliff wall , yanking out of clint 's grasp . she fall ... clint dangle from the grapple hook , stare down , helpless , stifling he scream . whoosh ! the whole world goe white . ext . vormir , bottom of the mountain - day when the light fade , clint lie floating in space . the camera rotate until we see ... it 's a reflection of the sky . clint lie in the pool at the base of the mountain . he sit up and open he hand to see the soul stone . his eye well . 107 int . avenger compound , hangar - day the pencil finally clatter to a stop as ... whoosh , clint grow into the present alongside the other : smart hulk hold the eye of agamotto , scott have the scepter , rhodey the orb , rocket & thor the extraction device , and tony & steve the tesseract . nebula retract her time suit . everyone look around , exhaust . amaze . rhodey be you tell I that actually work ? smart hulk do we get they all ? clint drop to he knee . Steve turn , concerned . steve clint ? be you okay ? clint stare , haunt . smart hulk realize ... smart hulk where 's nat ? ( everyone stare ) where 's nat ?! clint look up at they , eye glassy . ext . avenger compound , river - dawn smart hulk , eye red , stand beside a bench on the dock . behind he , steve , tony , thor , and clint stare out , grieving . tony do we know if she have family ? steve yeah . us. thor turn , throw . thor why be you do that ? tony I be just ask a question - 108 thor why be we talk as if she 's dead ? we have the stone . bring she back . c’mon , stop this shit . clint squeeze away tear . clint barton we can not get she back . thor what 's he talk about ? of course , we can . clint barton it can not be undone . that 's why . thor no offense , but you be ... a very earthly be . we be talk about space magic , here . '' can not '' seem a little definitive , do not you think ? clint barton well , I know I be a little outside my pay grade here , but , she still be not here , be she ? thor that 's my point - clint barton it can not be undone . at least that 's what the red , float guy say . but why do not you go talk to he , okay ? why do not you grab you hammer and fly to that place and talk to he . it can ’t be undone . ( beat ) it be suppose to be I . she sacrifice she life for that goddamn stone . she bet she life on it . that land heavily on all of they . a moment pass . then smart hulk hurl the bench into the water . it skip across the surface like a stone . smart hulk she 's not come back . we have to make it worth it . we have to . 109 steve we will . pull back , leaving our mourner in tableau ... int . avenger compound , workshop - day all six infinity stone rest behind safety glass . soon , robotic arm enter frame , plucking up the power stone . tony operate the arm as rocket and smart hulk watch . the robot arm swing the stone over to ... a new iron man gauntlet . nano - tech shift and slide , holding it in place . smart hulk release a deep breath . time CUT : the complete gauntlet sit in a cradle , six infinity stone embedded in the back . pull back to find ... scott , thor , clint , rhodey , and steve watch tony and rocket fine tune the glove . rocket all right . the glove 's ready . question be , who 's gonna snap they freaking finger ? everyone stare a beat . then , thor reach for the gauntlet . thor I will do it . tony whoa , whoa , what be you do - steve thor , we have not decide who 's put that on . thor oh . be all of you just wait for the right opportunity ? rocket maybe I be get around to it - scott lang we should at least discuss it - 110 thor stare at the thing be not go to bring everybody back , be it ? look , I be the strongest avenger . it 's my responsibility . fate will it so . tony hold on , hold on - thor stop it ! let I do this . let I do something good . something right - tony that thing be channele enough energy to light up a continent . you be in no condition - thor what do you think be coursing through my vein right now ? rhodey cheez whiz ? thor lightn . smart hulk step toward the gauntlet . smart hulk lightn will not help you , pal . it 's gotta be I . ( approach ) you see what that stone do to thanos . they almost kill he . none of you could survive . steve and how do we know you can ? smart hulk we do not . but the radiation 's mostly gamma . ( beat ) it 's like I be make for this ... int . avenger compound , hangar - day the quantum tunnel lie in darkness . then , clack , the light come on , revealing ... nebula , staring up at the waiting machine . 111 int . avenger compound , workshop - day smart hulk study the gauntlet . the moment of truth . tony good to go ? smart hulk let 's do it . tony okay , remember , everyone thanos snap away five year ago , you be just bring they back ... to today . do not change anything from the last five year . get it ? smart hulk get it . pan around as the avenger ready themselves : steve step forward , shield on he arm . scott deploy he helmet . rhodey ready he repulsor . rocket cover he raccoon junk and hide behind thor . tony armor up , then nano a shield to protect clint beside he . tony Friday , why do not you go ahead and activate barn door protocol ? steel door slide shut all around the workshop . finally , smart hulk hold up the gauntlet . smart hulk ( under he breath ) everybody 's come home ... he slowly slip he hand in the glove . suddenly , he spasm , taking in the power as thanos did in ml1 . he struggle . thor what 's happen ? take it off , take if off ! steve Bruce , you okay ? tony talk to I , Banner . 112 smart hulk I be ...okay ... then smart hulk reach out he hand ... and snap he finger . craaaack ! the stone flare . a bright surge of ENERGY race up smart hulk ’'s arm . he roar as he eye blaze GREEN . a blast white out the screen . int . avenger compound , hangar - day nebula study the quantum console . she take off she glove , revealing a perfectly intact arm . this be bad nebula . she open a panel in her arm , snake out a cable ... and jack into the console . the quantum tunnel boot up . as she hurrie away ... ext . avenger compound - day from high overhead , we see the time ENERGY signature shoot from the hangar . a ominous ripple warp across the sky ... int . avenger compound , workshop - day whoosh ! everything come back into view . the gauntlet fall off , rolling across the floor . smart hulk collapse , arm withered , side burnt black . everyone rush over . Steve check smart hulk 's pulse . steve Bruce ! tony do not move he ! then the blast door OPEN , revealing the sound of ... chirping . scott walk toward the courtyard . smart hulk 's eye clear . he grasp Steve 's arm . smart hulk do it work ? they pause , as if it only just now occur to they . just then ... a cell phone buzy . 113 a stunned clint turn and approach he phone . on the home screen , we see a photo of he wife : '' LAURA calling . '' clint finally put the phone to he ear . clint barton honey ? at the window , scott stare at a bird feeder . dozen of cardinal and finch nibble on the seed . scott lang guy , I think it - boom ! the build explode . debris swallows the camera . ext . avenger compound - day a mushroom cloud billow over avenger compound . ext . avenger compound , crater - day nothing move . the smoke clear , revealing ... a bombed out crater a mile wide . avenger compound have be destroy . then the light change ... and the sanctuary - 2 part the cloud . it hover over the ruin like a vulture . a ENERGY beam drop to the ground , release ... thanos , flanked by a squad of outrider . the mad titan look around at the devastation he have wringht . thanos ( into com ) daughter ? bad nebula ( over com ) yes , father ... out of the smoke walk '' bad '' nebula . bruise and dirty . thanos so this be the future . well do . she tear off the orange head -plate . bad nebula thank you , Father . they suspect nothing . thanos the arrogant never do . 114 thanos take off he helmet , stare up at the crater 's edge . thanos ( cont 'd ) go. find the stone . bring they to I . bad nebula what will you do ? thanos wait . int . underground garage , ruins - day the underground garage lie half-collapsed . smart hulk grit he teeth , holding up the ceiling with one good arm , he other arm burned and lifeless . below ... rhodey lie in the rubble , war machine suit sparking . rhodey canopy ! canopy ! rhodey 's suit ratchet OPEN . he haul himself free to see ... rocket trapped under rubble . as he crawl to he ... the ceiling rumble . smart hulk waver , muscle quivering . rhodey ( into com ) ( cont 'd ) mayday ! tony . cap . do anybody hear I ?! he finally reach rocket . rocket wheeze , in pain . rhodey ( cont 'd ) hang on ! rhodey wedge a piece of rebar into the debris . he heave , finally manage to lever it off of rocket . then ... the cracked ceiling give way . a million gallon of river water rush in . rhodey tries to keep he head above water . rhodey ( into com ) ( cont 'd ) mayday ! mayday ! we be take on water ! int . tool shop , ruins - day close on scott lang lie on a silver , metal floor . 115 rhodey ( over com ) ...anyone ... mayday ... mayday - Scott groan , come to . scott lang wait , what ...? reveal , tiny scott lying in the ruins of the armory ... on the iron patriot helmet . rocket ( over com ) tell ‘em to ... hurry ... ass up - rhodey ( over com ) .-.trapped...drowning ...no time ... Scott jump to he foot . scott lang ( into com ) no ! wait , I be here ! Scott spot water trickling through the cracked floor . int . access tunnel - day water drip from a hole in the roof of a access tunnel ... onto clint barton , lying facedown . he groan . he open he hand to find he cellphone : he wife smile on the screen . '' LAURA , one missed call . '' clint stare , amaze . he wince , find he 's be lie atop ... the gauntlet . it 's bashed out of shape , but all six stone still gleam . clint barton ( into com ) cap ? Stark ? anyone ? static . then , he hear ... a scraping SOUND , talon on cement . he peer down a darken tunnel , then unshoulder he bow . he loose a flare arrow , revealing ... dozen of outrider scrabbling along the wall and ceiling . clint grab the gauntlet and run . the creature give chase . int . / ext . avenger compound , lab , ruins - day fire smoulder beneath the collapsed ceiling . move through smoke to find ... steve , out cold . someone shake he . he wake to see tony , holding he shield . 116 tony you lose this again , I be keep it . steve what happen ? tony told you . we mess with time . time mess back . woozy , Steve follow tony through the ruin of the lab . steve where be the other ? tony I read life sign , maybe 800 foot down , but it 's hard to tell . they reach the edge of the crater where thor look down at ... thanos . sitting on a rock . wait . tony ( cont 'd ) what 's he be do ? thor absolutely nothing . the three of they stare a long moment . then , as if sense they , thanos turn he head ... and look there way . steve Son of a bitch . tony yeah . steve where be the stone ? tony somewhere under all of this . all I know be ... he do not have ‘em . steve so we keep it that way . that land . this be they chance . thor you know it 's a trap . tony deploys he armor . 117 tony do not think I care . thor just so we be all in agreement . thor hold out he hand : mjolnir fly into it . he hold out he other hand : stormbreaker slap into he palm . crack ! lightning strike as he’s cover in cape and armor . thor ( cont 'd ) let 's kill he properly this time . steve tightens he shield , leading they into the crater ... ext . avenger compound , crater - day thanos sit on he rock , contemplative . thanos you could not live with you own failure . and where do that bring you ? right back to I . tony approach , wary , as if sneaking up on a rabid dog . steve and thor fan out on either side . thanos ( cont 'd ) I think by eliminate half of life , the other half would thrive . but you have show I that 's impossible . ( beat ) life cling to the past with bloody fingernails . as long as there be that who remember what be , there will be that unable to accept what can be . they will resist . tony yep . we be all kind of stubborn . thanos I be thankful . because now I know what I must do . thanos reach for he helmet . thanos ( cont 'd ) I will shred this universe down to its last atom . ( more ) 118 thanos ( cont 'd ) and then , with the stone you have collect for I , create a new one , teeming with life that know not what it have lose , but only what it have be give . a grateful universe . steve bear out of blood . thanos study Steve as if see he for the first time . thanos they will never know it . thanos draw a blade off he back , towering over they . thanos ( cont 'd ) because you will not be alive to tell they . tony glance over at Steve . ready ? Steve nod ... just as thor charge thanos . wham ! all three avenger attack , using there skill in concert . thanos stumble , on he heel . the heroe punish he , relentless . pull up through the haze , to the sanctuary - 2 ... int . sanctuary-2 , interrogation cell - day nebula huddle alone in a prison cell . after a beat ... the door ratchet OPEN . she stare into the shadow . nebula what do you want ? gamora step into the cell . the two sister from different eras stare at each other . gamora in the future ... what happen to you and I ? nebula I try to kill you . several time . but , eventually ... we become friend . we become sister . gamora that 's hard to believe . 119 nebula a lot of thing that happen will be hard to believe . gamora nearly smile . she take a long look at nebula . finally ... she hold out her hand . gamora come on . we can still stop he . nebula take a decide moment . then she grab gamora 's hand . one sister pull the other to she foot . int . underground garage , ruins - day smart hulk strain against the ceiling . rhodey hang onto a pipe as the water rise . smart hulk rhodey . rocket . get out of here . save yourselves . rocket surface from below , gasping . rocket no good . could not even ... find a hole ... small enough to abandon you through . suddenly , smart hulk snarl in pain as the ceiling drop a foot . his leg buckle as he struggle against the weight . finally he set he jaw ... and straighten he legs . smart hulk aaarrrgh ! ext . avenger compound , crater - continuous the build rights itself , leveling out . int . avenger compound , ruins - day a raging river roar through the ruins . after a beat ... scott lang zoom past , riding a plastic bottle cap . rhodey ( over com ) mayday ! mayday ! scott lang ( into com ) hang on ! i’m coming ! 120 int . access tunnel - day shrieking outrider chase barton through the tunnel . clint affixe arrow - charge to the wall as he run . just as the outrider be about to overtake he , clint hit a button on he bow , detonating the charge ... bring the roof down on top of the outrider . clint roll , come up directly underneath a vertical shaft . a cluster of outrider escape the collapse , lung for he . clint shoot a grapple arrow up the shaft , ascend ... but so do the outrider , skitter up the side . clint draw he katana , slashing the alien just as ... int . access tunnel , upper chamber - continuous he tumble into the upper chamber . he gasp , safe . then he look up to see ( bad ) nebula , looming over he . clint barton oh , hey . I know you . she gently take the gauntlet . bad nebula ( into com ) Father . I have the stone . clint barton what - clint try to get up , but nebula put a boot in he chest and a blaster to he head ... gamora ( 0.s. ) stop. covering clint , bad nebula turn to see ... gamora , gun raised . bad nebula you be betray we ? gamora not you . good nebula step from the shadow , hand raise , placate . bad nebula stare at she future self . 121 nebula you do not have to do this . bad nebula I be this . gamora no . you be not . good nebula take a tiny step forward . she tap she head . nebula you have see what we become - gamora sister , listen to she - bad nebula shut up . you be a traitor ! nebula you can change . bad nebula struggle , she face a twisted grimace . bad nebula he will not let I . bad nebula fire at gamora , just as good nebula draw a gun and shoot her down . bad nebula drop . good nebula stare at she dead young self , conflict . clint pick up the gauntlet , very confuse . clint barton I be not even gonna ask . ext . avenger compound , crater - day tony 's hud : tony glare right at US , as ... thor smashes he hammer together , hurling lightning into the back of the iron man suit . tony send the resulting overload at thanos ... but thanos propellers he blade , holding back the blast . thor use stormbreaker to bat mjolnir at thanos ... thanos snatch tony by the ankle and use he as a shield against the oncoming hammer . whack ! 122 mjolnir plows into the dirt . tony goe tumbling , out cold . tony 's hud : friday tries to revive he . friday ( 0.s. ) boss ? wake up ! int . underground garage , ruins - day rocket , rhodey , and smart hulk gulp AIR , inches from the ceiling , facing the end . rhodey glance over at smart hulk . rhodey see you on the other side , man . they take a last breath , then the water hit the ceiling . ext . avenger compound , crater - day Steve slashes at thanos . the titan brutally bat he aside . thor attack , but thanos drive he through wall of debris . thanos smashes he fist into thor 's face , over and over . thor call for stormbreaker , but thanos intercept it . he press the blade into thor 's chest , try to drive it home . then , across the field ... mjolnir rise into the AIR . thanos grins , about to finish thor off , when ... mjolnir fly in , knocking the axe out of he hand . follow the hammer as it fly back to the only other man worthy enough to wield it ... steve rogers . half -conscious , thor sees steve holding mjolnir . thor i...knew ...it ... steve attack , cracking thanos in the jaw . thanos tumble . before the titan can get up , steve call down the lightning and send it crackling into thanos 's body . Steve leap , try to finish thanos off ... but thanos roll aside , head - butting steve backward . thanos get to he feet , a faint smile on he face . he whip off he helmet and attack steve with he blade . blow after blow . it 's all steve can do to get he shield up . 123 thanos hack the shield to piece , finally knocking steve across the field . Steve lie beat , half a shield still attach to he arm . thanos in all my year of conquest ... thanos look out at the tiny human struggle to stand . thanos ( cont 'd ) of violence and slaughter ... it be never personal . thanos gesture behind he as a rumble echoes . thousand of alien ring the lip of the crater : the black order lead a platoon of chitauri , sakaaran , and outrider . thanos ( cont 'd ) but I 'il tell you now , the thing I be about to do to you stubborn , annoying , little planet ... q-ship , dropship , necrocraft , and leviathan buzz above . thanos ( cont 'd ) I be go to enjoy it . very , very much . Steve stare at thanos and he army . and even in the face of such overwhelming odd ... he get to he foot . thanos stare , almost sad , as Steve tighten the break shield on he arm ... and start walking toward he . one man against thousand . all alone . but just then , Steve 's com crackle . he strain to hear . the com crackle again . we can make out a muffled voice . muffled voice ( on com ) - ap -...-comin-...-ot - Steve shake he head , try to clear it . slowly , SOUND return ... and the word ring clear : SAM wilson ( 0.s. ) cap . on you leave . pull back ... to see a portal open in the distance . out of it fly ... SAM wilson . 124 Steve watch Sam soar over the field , then turn as even more portal OPEN . from one : dr . strange , peter quill , drax , mantis , peter parker ... and kraglin and the ravager . from another : t’challa , okoye , shuri , m’baku , wanda , bucky , groot ... and the wakandan army . from a third : valkyrie , korg , miek ... and a asgardian army . from a FOURTH : pepper pott ( in rescue armor ) , hope van dyne , and wong leading a squad of sorcerer . thor get to he foot , call stormbreaker to he hand as ... tony regains consciousness , stare out at the cavalry . Wong and strange quickly find each other . dr . strange be that everyone ? wong you want more ?! just then , the ground shake and rubble explode upward as ... giant -man burst from below . scott lang top floor , everybody out ! he open he huge hand , releasing rocket , smart hulk , and rhodey , now in he cosmic iron patriot armor . steve take in he reinforcement , then stare out at thanos . pan across our heroe as steve call mjolnir to he hand . steve avenger ... assemble . thor lets loose a battle cry as he charge ! everyone follows suit as our heroe flood the field . across the way , thanos smile and point he blade . two mighty armie race toward each other until ... clash ! giant -man slug a leviathan in the jaw . drax launch himself onto a cull currently choke the life out of korg . 125 tony blast overhead . rescue join he . together , they strafe the field . steve and thor fight together . both hold out they hand . stormbreaker return to Steve , mjolnir to thor , who frown . thor no . you take the little one . elsewhere , tony battle several cull . one knock he into a outrider , who 's about to rip he armor off when ... thwip . peter parker web the outrider , yanking he into the path of ... giant -man 's foot . squish . tony stare at Peter , emotional . they retract they helmet . peter parker Mr. Stark . Holy cow , you would not believe what 's be go on . do you remember when we be in space ? and I get all dusty ? I must have pass out , because I wake up and you be not there , but Dr. strange be , and he be like , '' it 's be five year , they need we . '' and he start do that yellow sparkly thing he do - — but tony just wrap he arm around he , smash Peter 's face into he chest plate . peter parker ( cont 'd ) ( muffle ) oh . this be nice . across the field ... quill fly , fire down on sakaaran soldier . one leap off a outcropping ... tackling quill into a wrecked fuselage , where another sakaaran wait . quill drop one , but the other raise he weapon to strike . then blam ! the sakaaran drop dead on top of quill . he push the body off to see ... gamora , blaster still smoking . quill stare , amaze . quill gamora ? he approach , overwhelmed , emotional . 126 quill ( cont 'd ) I think I lose you . he tenderly stroke she face ... and she knee he in the nut . twice . he go down , gasp . quill ( cont 'd ) you miss the first time ... then you get ‘em both the second time . she stare down at he as ... nebula join her . gamora this be the one ? seriously ? nebula you choice be he or a tree . across the field ... clint run with the gauntlet , pursued by a chitauri ape . just before the ape trample clint ... SAM wilson swoops in , cutting the creature down . clint run on . the heroes confer over com . clint barton what do you want to do with this thing ? steve get that stone as far away as possible ! smart hulk no ! we need to send they back where they come from . tony there 's no way to send they back . thanos destroy we time machine . scott lang hold on ! ( shrink to normal size ) that be not we only time machine . he click the keys to luis 's van . from a distance , we hear , '' LA cucaracha . '' Steve immediately get it . steve do anyone see a ugly , brown van out there ? above , valkyrie scan the field from her pegasus . 127 valkyrie yeah . but you be not go to like where it 's park . luis 's van sit surrounded by thousand of alien , deep behind enemy line . steve survey the field : a army stand between they and the van , AIR and ground choked with enemies . tony ( into com ) Scott , how long do you need to get that thing work ? scott lang uh , maybe ten minute . steve get it start . we ’1ll get the stone to you . hope van dyne we be on it , cap . scott glance at she . cap ? they shrink down and fly away . tony fly up to dr . strange , hovering . tony doc. you say we win one in 14 million . be this how it go down ? dr . strange if I tell you what happen , it will not happen . tony you better be right . tony rocket away . strange coolly watch he go . across the field ... ebony maw rush to thanos . ebony maw sire , the stone ! thanos turn to see ... clint fighting through the horde , carrying the gauntlet . a cull hammer clint , but then ... t’challa slashes the cull . t’challa clint , give it to I . 128 clint hand the gauntlet to t’challa , who tuck it and run . across the field ... scott and hope fly over a long platoon of chitauri , toward luis 's van . int. / ext luis 's van - continuous they grow to normal size in the front seat . out the windshield , thanos 's horde charge at there friend . scott lang ( digging around ) ignition 's break . I / x11 hotwire it - hope van dyne wait , you know how to do that ? Scott splice wire . spark fly . scott lang I be in prison . I know how to do a lot of thing . ext . avenger compound , crater - day t’'challa race through the horde ... but then thanos knock he off he feet . the gauntlet goe tumbling . as thanos move in on t’challa ... all around , wreckage begins to float . thanos look up to see ... wanda , hovering in the AIR , waiting for he . wanda you take everything from I . thanos take the blade off he back . thanos I do not even know who you be . wanda you will . wanda unleashes a STORM of red ENERGY , hurling wreckage at he . as thanos fight he way through it ... t’'challa dive for the fallen gauntlet . suddenly ... ebony maw manipulate the earth , pulling the gauntlet toward he . t’challa wrap himself around the glove , getting dragge . 129 peter parker ( 0.s. ) I got it ! t’challa turn to see peter whizzing past . he hurl the gauntlet ... thwip ! Peter snatch it out of the air . he land , only to find himself surrounded by outrider . peter parker ( cont 'd ) activate instant kill ! his robotic arm slash with expert precision . across the field ... wanda lift thanos into the AIR , rip he armor off in piece , then slam he back to the ground . thanos groan , outmatch . thanos ( into com ) rain fire . wipe they all out . corvus glaive fight groot . corvus glaive but , sire , we troops - thanos ( into com ) just do it ! high above ... the sanctuary-2 descend , cannon open up . below ... wanda look up , raise a force field just as ... the sanctuary-2 fire down with everything it have . sakaaran and jabari alike go flying as every square inch get hit . the barrage hammer the riverbank . crack form . pepper cut down a alien , then spot something off screen . pepper pott ( into com ) um , be anyone else see this ? tony , smart hulk , and gamora turn to see ... water gushing as the riverbank threaten to collapse . suddenly ... strange and wong conjure two huge rune shield to shore up the bank . more wizard join , creating a huge '' rune levee . '' the sanctuary-2 maintain its barrage . across the field ... steve spot peter parker gradually be overwhelm by outrider . 130 peter parker I get this ... I get this ... I do not get this . steve hey , queen ! head up ! steve hurl mjolnir over the throng . peter webs on ... letting the hammer pull he out of danger . a mortar blast knock he out of the sky , but pepper pott rescue he . pepper pott hang on , kid . I have get you . she drag he above the fray , then toss he to ... valkyrie flying past . peter perch atop pegasus . peter parker hey , nice to meet you - aaaaarg ! valkyrie spur into high gear , dodging cannon FIRE ... but not fast enough . a blast knock peter to the ground . he gasp , cover in debris , still clutching the gauntlet . all around the field , the relentless barrage pin down our heroe . all hope be lost . rocket and groot dive for cover . groot wrap he branch around they both . rocket at least we be go out together this time ... suddenly , everything goe silent . rocket peer out from cover to see ... the cannon swiveling up_ toward the cloud . SAM wilson fly overhead . SAM wilson what the hell be this ? tony 's hud : tony fly overhead , searching upward . tony Friday , what be they fire at ? friday ( 0.s. ) something just enter the upper atmosphere . 131 rocket look up at ... a comet heading straight for earth . groot ( nervous ) I be groot . rocket grin , know what 's come . rocket just wait for it . suddenly , the comet veer ... right toward the ship . boom ! the comet tear through the sanctuary -2 , right out the other side , revealing ... carol danver . rocket ( cont 'd ) oh , yeah ! carol glow brighter as she goe binary , rocketing again through the hull . boom ! the ship list , engine exploding . carol eye the battlefield , exhausted , light fading . steve ( over com ) danver ! we be gonna need a assist down here ! carol danver ( into com ) ( under rag breath ) Roger ... Rogers ... int . van - day Scott twist wire on the quantum tunnel , hotwire it . scott lang ( into com ) I be almost there . where 's the glove ? ext . crater - day carol land in front of a day peter parker , who still hold the gauntlet tight . he look up , confuse . peter parker uh , hey . I be Peter parker . carol danver hey , Peter parker . you get something for I ? 132 Peter hand it over , stare out at the approach horde . peter parker I do not know how you be gonna get it through all that - wanda ( 0.s. ) do not worry , kid ... Peter turn to see ... wanda , okoye , gamora , nebula , valkyrie , hope , and shuri waiting . wanda 's hand begin to glow . okoye she 's get help . Carol glance at pepper and mantis , then tuck the gauntlet under she arm and lead they out . at the ridge ... thanos spot the women of marvel blasting through he troops . he track there path to ... the van . scott kick the rear door OPEN , exposing the quantum tunnel . scott lang thirty second ! thanos understand immediately . he grab proxima 's spear from her , and start running ... across the field ... ebony maw send wanda tumbling , but shuri blast he out of the sky . cull obsidian hammer valkyrie , but nebula take he out . carol keep go , gauntlet tucked under her arm , getting closer and closer to ... the van ... where the quantum tunnel burst to life . across the field ... ground heroe look up to see carol now just yard away from the goal . she put her head down , flying for all she 's worth . but just as she reach the gaping van door ... thanos throws the spear ... boom ! the van explode , sending scott and carol flying , taking out some of the wizard holding back the river . thanos catch proxima 's returning spear . 133 time slow as ... steve , thor , and tony spot ... the gauntlet , lying unguarded in the dirt . the problem be ... so doe thanos . time resume as ... they all scramble for the stone . they collide . thanos snatch up the gauntlet , kicking thor down . thanos knock tony aside , then squeezy the crushed gauntlet , popping it OPEN ... just wide enough to put he hand inside . steve lunge , but thanos throttles he . finally clear , thanos slip on the gauntlet . but before he can SNAP ... carol arrive . she grab the glove , preventing he from close he fist . he headbutt her ... but she doesn ’t move . carol presses thanos down , but before he fall ... thanos pull the power stone from its housing and punch carol , sending her flying . the field goe quiet . now , nothing stand in thanos 's way . tony get to he knee , realize ... the avenger be go to lose . across the field ... water start to spill into the crater . strange tries to hold it back ... but it 's a losing battle . he look to tony ... tony meet he eye . and in that moment , all strange can do be hold up a single finger . '' one . '' across the field ... thanos return the power stone to the gauntlet . just as the ENERGY surge through he ... tony lunge for the gauntlet in thanos 's hand , nano -clamping it in a vise . thanos knock he aside . he lift he hand in the AIR , triumphant . thanos I be ... inevitable . thanos snap he finger . but nothing happen . confused , thanos turn the glove over to find ... the stone be gone . he look to see ... tony , nano - particle sliding and shifting , forming a new gauntlet on he own wrist : 134 complete with six infinity stone . power surge through tony , excruciating , but he still lift he hand ... tony and I ...am Iron man. SNAP ! whoosh . the tidal wave evaporate into mist . all around the field , sakaaran and outrider fold in on themselves , atom disintegrating . thanos look around , watching he troops disappear . ship vanish from the sky . cull , chitauri , all blow away ... leaving thanos stand alone . after a long moment , he sit down on a rock ... and accept he fate . he watch as ... he atom dissolve . finally , thanos disappear . across the field , quill turn to gamora ... but find her gone . quill Babe ? gamora ? across the field ... tony stark fall back against the upturned root of a tree , armor smoking , arm withered and blackened . dying . rhodey rush to he , but with one look , he know it 's too late . tony exhales , almost letting go . then ... peter parker land , kneel , take tony 's hand . peter parker Mr. Stark ... tony ... it 's okay , it 's okay ... Mr. Stark , we win . you do it , sir ... but tony gaze past he . rhodey put he hand on Peter 's shoulder , guide he away ... as pepper arrive . she kneel , heartsick . pepper pott hey , Friday , what have we get ? friday ( 0.s. ) life function critical . pepper stare into she husband 's eye ... and know . 135 pepper pott tony , look at I . we be go to be okay ... he stare at she , tear welling . I be sorry . she touch he face , then lean in to kiss he . pepper pott ( cont 'd ) you can rest now . when she pull back , she see he eye , fix and glassy . everything go quiet . all around , our heroe gather , the full weight of what 's happen dawn on they . tony Stark be go . fade to black . ext . high school new york CITY - night peter parker enter a hallway teeming with student . he search the crowd , finally find ... ned leed . as they embrace ... ext . san francisco - night firework explode over the skyline of San Francisco . tony ( 0.s. ) everybody want a happy end . but it do not always roll that way . maybe this time . on cassie 's porch , scott watch with hope and cassie , all of they grin . ext . barton home , front porch - day two bike lean on the porch of the barton farm house . then the front door open ... and cooper and lila barton step out . tony ( 0.s. ) I be hope if you play this back , it 's in celebration . ( more ) 136 tony ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I hope family be reunite , I hope we get it back and something like a normal version of the planet have be restore . if there ever be such a thing . she look up at ... a quinjet descend from the sky . ext . wakanda - sunset on the palace balcony ... t’challa embrace he mother , ramonda . shuri turn from they to the magnificent sunset . tony ( 0.s. ) God , what a world . Universe , now . if you would tell I ten year ago that we be not alone , let alone to this extent , I probably would not have be surprised . but come on ... ext barton home - day the quinjet touch down . the rear jump door open , revealing clint . he stare at lila and Cooper , overwhelm . tony ( 0.s. ) who know what epic force of dark and light would come into play ? for better or worse , that 's the reality we child get to grow up in . they throw themselves into he arm . he kiss they head , tear in he eye . finally , he look up to see ... LAURA barton , beam , tearful , hold three year -old nathaniel 's hand . clint gather they all into a hug . int . stark eco - compound , live room - day a hologram of tony stark project from a iron man helmet on the table . tony ( 0.s. ) that 's why I think I have probably better record a little greeting , in the case of .. a untimely death on my part . ( more ) 137 tony ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I mean , death at any time be untimely , but ... this '' time travel '' thing we be go to try to pull off tomorrow have I scratch my head about the '' survivability '' of it all . but that 's the hero gig , right ? part of the journey be the end . reverse to find pepper , morgan , happy hogan , rhodey , thor , steve , smart hulk , and clint , all dress in black , watch . tony ( cont 'd ) what be I even trip for ? everything be go to work out exactly the way it 's suppose to . holo tony seem to look out at the gather heroes ... and Morgan in particular . tony ( cont 'd ) I love you 3000 . he switch off the camera , vanish . tear stream , pepper kiss Morgan 's forehead . ext . stark eco - compound , back stair - day pepper and morgan slowly descend the stair , carry a rt ringed with flowers . the avenger follow , somber . ext . stark eco - compound , lakeside - day pepper rest the flowers on the water . close on the rt : '' proof that tony Stark have a heart . '' pull back , past Morgan and happy hogan ... past steve , SAM , rhodey , and wanda ... past clint , LAURA , lila , cooper , and nathaniel ... past thor and smart hulk ... past scott , hope , hank pym , and janet van dyne ... past peter parker and aunt may ... past t’challa , okoye , and shuri , 138 past strange and wong ... past quill , nebula , groot , mantis , and rocket ... past bucky barne ... past secretary ross and harley keener ... past maria hill , carol danver , and , finally , nick FURY . the mourner move to the edge of the lake . ext . stark eco - compound , lakeside - day later ... clint look out at the lake . wanda approach . clint barton I just wish there be some way I could let she know that we win . that we do it . wanda she know . they both do . clint put he arm around she . they stare out at the water . ext . stark eco - compound , porch / back stair - day on the porch , happy hogan hold morgan 's hand . happy hogan how be you do , squirt ? you hungry ? morgan stark uh , huh . happy hogan what do you want ? morgan stark cheeseburger ? happy take a beat , choke up . like father like daughter . happy hogan do you know you dad like cheeseburger ? morgan stark no , I do not know that . 139 happy hogan I be go to get you all the cheeseburger you want . ext . new asgard , hillside - day thor and valkyrie look down on new asgard . valkyrie so when can we expect you back ? thor about that ... valkyrie thor , you people need a king . thor they already have one . and she 's a far better king than I could ever be . valkyrie be you serious ? thor it 's time to be who I be , rather than who I be suppose to be . and a leader be who you be . she process this . do she want it ? she do . valkyrie you know , I have make a lot of change around here . thor I be count on it , you majesty . emotional , Val finally shake he hand . valkyrie what will you do ? thor I be not entirely sure . for the first time in a thousand year , I have no path . ( beat ) but I do have a ride . reveal ... the benatar park behind they , rocket alongside . 140 rocket move it or lose it , hairbag . int . benatar - day thor drop he duffle bag on the deck of the benatar . quill , mantis , drax , nebula , and rocket ready the engine . thor Home sweet home . Tree ! good to see you . the asgardian of the galaxy , together again . he settles beside quill , who holomap they course . thor ( cont 'd ) all right , where first ? he swipe through image on the screen . quill you know , I be still in charge , here , right ? thor of course . of course ... thor swipe the map again . quill see , when you keep swiping my map , that sound kind of like , '' of course , I know you think you be still in charge - " thor quail , that 's you own insecurity bubbling up . drax you should fight one another for the honor of leadership . nebula sound fair . quill that 's not necessary ... rocket I have get some blaster right here . unless you want to use knife . 141 mantis oh , yes , please , use knife - quill no one 's use knife ! groot I be groot ! quill and thor exchange nervous laughter . thor there will be no knife young quail today . everyone know who 's in charge . a long awkward moment pass . quill me. ( sotto , to thor ) right ? thor just smile ... ext . new asgard , hillside - day the ship rise . whoosh . it make the jump and disappear . ext . avenger compound , ruins - day construction crews remove rubble from avenger compound . a command tent stand in a clear beside ... a new quantum tunnel ( 3.0 ) . as steve , SAM , and bucky wait , smart hulk make last minute adjustment . he finally open a case : the six infinity stone glow inside . smart hulk remember , you will have to return the stone to the exact moment they be take . otherwise , we be still look at a whole bunch of nasty alternate reality . steve get it . I will clip all the branch . 142 Steve take the case . smart hulk you know , I try . when I have the gauntlet . I really try to bring she back . ( beat ) I miss she . steve I , too . smart hulk you would better get go . we be almost ready for you . Steve and Sam approach the platform . SAM wilson you look a little nervous go by yourself . ask nicely , I 'il go with you . steve you be a good man , Sam . but this one 's on I . when Steve reach the platform , bucky stop he , point . steve ( cont 'd ) do not do anything stupid ' till I get back , okay ? bucky barne how can I ? you be take all the stupid with you . Steve grin . bucky give he a long hug . bucky barne ( cont 'd ) gonna miss you , buddy . steve it 's go to be okay , Buck . Steve pick up mjolnir and take he place on the platform . SAM look to smart hulk at the console . SAM wilson how long 's this gonna take ? 143 smart hulk for he , as long as he need . for we , five second . ( call out ) ready , cap ? you be good to go . meet you right back here , okay ? Steve glance at bucky as he answer . steve you bet . smart hulk go quantum in three , two , one . steve tap he cuff and shrink to nothing . smart hulk ( cont 'd ) aaand , return in five ... four ...three ...two ...one - silence . nothing happen . SAM wilson where be he ? smart hulk I do not know . he blow past we time stamp . he should be here . SAM wilson get he back ! smart hulk I be try . SAM wilson get he the hell back - smart hulk I ’m try ! just then ... bucky look out to the water . bucky barne Sam . Sam turn ... ext avenger compound , riverbank - continuous work crew have clear a space overlook the river . there , a old man sit on a bench , stare out at the Hudson . 144 move around he to find SAM watch from a few yard away . SAM wilson hey , cap . the man turn and we now see : steve rogers , age 112 . old steve hi , Sam . SAM wilson something go wrong ... or something go right ? old steve I think , after everything that 's happen ... maybe I should try out some of that life tony always tell I to get . SAM wilson how be it ? Steve look at the river , 112 year of emotion in he face . old steve it be beautiful . SAM wilson I be happy for you . really . old steve thanks . SAM wilson only thing bum I out be now I live in a world without Captain America . Steve pull up a case from beside he , give it to Sam . old steve that 's kind of why I be here . Sam unzip it , revealing ... a brand new shield . SAM wilson where do you even get this ? old steve I have a little time to travel . ( beat ) try it on . 145 Sam hesitates . he glance back at bucky , who nod . then Sam pick up the shield ... and put it on . old steve ( cont 'd ) how do it feel ? SAM wilson like it 's someone else 's . old steve it be not . Sam try to check he emotion . he shake Steve 's hand . SAM wilson thank you . I x11 try my best . Steve rest he other hand on Sam 's . old steve that 's why it 's yours . Sam smile , notice ... steve 's tarnished wedding ring . SAM wilson you gonna tell I about she ? Steve smile to himself at the end of a long , long life . old steve nope . I do not think I will . cue music : '' it 's be a long , long time , '' harry jame . ext . columbia height , WASHINGTON DC - day a packard roll down a block of WASHINGTON D.C. row house . title : '' WASHINGTON D.C. , 1949 . '' find a red house in the middle of the block . move up the step to the front door ... which hang wide OPEN . int . red house , columbia height , WASHINGTON DC - day a tea cup lie shatter on the hardwood . we hear Harry James . move into the live room ... past the record player ... to where steve dance with a woman . they rock back and forth barely move . as they turn , we see ... 146 peggy carter , tear stream down she face . he step on she toe . she laugh . as they turn , we get a good look at ... Steve Rogers , eye shut , finally get the life he deserve . the end . all rights reserve . copyright '' 2019 Marvel no portion of this script may be perform , publish , reproduce , sell or distribute by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium , include any website , without the prior write consent of Marvel studios , Inc . disposal of this script copy do alter any of the restriction set forth above