awakenings scree nplay by Steven 2ai11 Ian base on t he Book by olive be sac ks october 2 , 1989 ( blue ) rev .10/1 3/89 rev.1 0/16 / 89 ( pink ) rev.1 0/25 / 89 ( yellow ) rev.1 1/6/8 9 ( GREEN ) rev.1 1/10 / 89 ( goldenrod rev .11/1 4/89 ( salmon ) rev .11/1 6/89 ( lavender ) rev .11/2 2/89 ( cherry ) rev .12/4 /89 ( white ) rev.1 2/5/8 9 ( blue ) rev.1 2/12 / 89 ( pink ) rev .12 / 13/89 ( yellow ) rev . 1,2/15/89 ( GREEN ) 1 . a dusty desert street - saloon , livery stable , sunset . only there be something unsettle about it all . the color be too mute and the angle not quite in perspective . pull slowly back eventually reveal the edge of a narrow wooden picture frame ... int . bedroom - night - 1930 drifting away from the painting and slowly across a room . across venetian blind , open , let in moonlight , across intricate handmade wooden model , dime novel and comic book , across the arm of a metronome gently slapping back and forth , and settling finally on a small hand write slowly and deliberately , over and over , in synchronization , it seem , to the rhythm of the metronome , the word , " L E o N a R D . " 2 . int . dine room - morning - 1930 the pendulum of a clock . a adult hand place a bowl of cereal on a table . Leonard , ten or eleven , wait a moment for the adult to leave , grasp he spoon , and manipulate it from bowl to mouth in time with the soft regular rhythm of the clock . 3 . ext . STREET - new york - morning - 1930 3 . schoolbook sling over they shoulder , Leonard and another boy he age , a classmate , move along a street . all around they be " visual rhythm " - line in the sidewalk , the even placement of tree , the sunlight break through the branch above they - and somewhere unseen , the rhythmic pound of a elevator train . as they climb a fence , a pocket watch , Leonard 's , fall to the ground . 4 . 4 . int . classroom - day - 1930 a adult hand chalking the word of a poem on a blackboard . Children at desk dutifully transcribe the lesson . all but one . Leonard . whose hand be tremble slightly and whose paper be blank . there be a noticeable lack of rhythm . a cold silence . the break watch rest on he desk . the boy from the train , glance at Leonard , begin gently tapping the end of he pen against he desk . Leonard , " guide " by the cadence of he friend 's tapping , begin to write . ( of the teacher 's hand at the blackboard hesitates . distract by 4 . the rhythmic noise , he trace it to the offender and silence he with a look . '' ' without the rhythm , and without , apparently , inner natural rhythm to replace it , Leonard 's hand begin drag the pen across the paper , form vague scrawl , each word less define than the last , until they begin meld together into what resemble nothing so much as a child 's rendering of ocean wave . the teacher resume chalking on the board . the boy from the train begin tapping he pen again , and , " guide " again by the rhythm , Leonard be able to give definition to the " ocean wave , " to form recognizable letter . and word . the teacher hesitates again and glare at the boy make the irritate noise . the boy stop tapping and Leonard 's write again become formless . 5 . 5 . int . classroom .- later - day - 1930 the finish poem on the blackboard . the sound of child at play on the schoolyard . the teacher , alone in the classroom , of at he desk grade the penmanship lesson . he circle offend error on the last page of the last composition book . he scribbles a grade opposite the student 's name in a grade book . he notice the absence of a grade in Leonard 's column . . Leonard 's desk . the teacher locate the miss composition book bury under textbooks . he take it back to he own desk , open it , and stare curiously at the last lesson , the poem , or rather Leonard 's illegible representation of it . he consider earlier lesson in the book . he begin to see in the script a pattern of deterioration . he reach the last entry again and stare at the few recognizable word drown in " the wave . " &lt ; 6 6 . int . leonard bedroom - day - 1930 - winter the painting on the wall . the intricate wooden model and dime novel . the venetian blind , close , shutting out sunlight . voice , barely audible , from somewhere else in the house : boy' voice when can I see he ? woman' voice when he 's well . rev.12/15/89 ( GREEN ) pg.3 6.c0nt . boy' voice 6 . cont , when will he be well ? after a moment -- woman' voice I do not know . -- and the sound of a door close . a small twisted hand lift a slat of the venetian blind revealing the snow - patch street below . Leonard 's friend , crossing it , glance back . . . then disappear around a corner . and the small gnarled hand let the slat slide down , extinguish the single ray of light . fade to black 6a . ext . bainbridge - hospital - the . bronx - day - 1970 . 6a tight on the face of a man ( sayer ) , late thirty , glass , stare up at the face of a building , impose in its institutional dullness . 6b . int . lobby - bainbridge - day 6b . a dim , sleepy cavern of a lobby . no one but a switchboard operator thumbing through a magazine . echoing footstep reach she station and she glance up and at the man from outside . i operator yes ? 7 . int . administration office - bainbridge - day he seem uncomfortable . perhaps it 's the suit . or the place . or the situation . or the hard straight - back chair he 's in . when he do finally speak , it 's with great sincerity -- sayer when you say people ... you mean live people , . behind a old oak desk , the hospital 's director glance over to its Chief of Medicine , Dr. Kaufman , with a look that seem to wonder , as oppose to what ? director live people , yes . patient . rev.12/15/89 ( GREEN ) pg.4 7.c0 not . 7 . there 's some mistake . and sayer 's chair begin to feel more * uncomfortable . he try to clear up the confusion - * sayer I ' m here for the research * position . . . in you neurology * lab . director neurology lab ? he do not laugh at sayer , just at the think of it . director we have a x-ray room . sayer try to share the director 's amusement with a good - * nature smile , but do not really understand it . Kaufman seem * to have less time for this , and in plain English , unadorn - * kaufman - the-position-ds-staff-^neurologist . . sayer look like a man who 's just learn that everything he * know about the world be wrong . for director ( pause ) a doctor ... doctor . the director refer to staple sheet of paper in he hand , sayer 's resume . director the camel Institute . tell I * about that , anything with patient * there ? or . . . * sayer ( bury it ) earthworm . the director be not sure he hear right . director sorry ? , &gt ; sayer it be a immense project . " I be try to extract a decigram of myelin from four ton of earthworm . rev.12/15/89 ( GREEN ) pg.5 7.c0nt . director 7 . ( pause ) really . sayer I be on it for five year . I be the only one who really believe in it . the rest of they say it could not be do . t kaufman it can not . sayer well , I know that now . I prove it . the director offer a slow tentative nod before consulting the resume again . director maybe before . at Saint Thomas . ( sayer be already shaking he head no ) all research . Earth - ? sayer Pigs brain . . . they·re quite similar to human brain . director ( hopefully ) be they ? sayer oh , yes . . . three year . as the director retreat back to the resume , hope against hope of find in it something germane , sayer glance away to a window . he wish he be outside it . he have no business be here . he should leave . sayer Excuse I , I make a mistake come here . clearly you be look for someone with more of a clinical background . he stand up to leave . Kaufman stand to see he out . but the * director keep search the resume . q rev.12/15/89 ( GREEN ) pg.6 7.c0nt . sayer . 7 . I have take enough of you time . you must have a hundred applicant more suitable . kaufman thanks anyway . director back in medical school ... Kaufman shoot the director a look that say , no , we be not that desperate . director I mean , you could not have graduate without some clinical experience . . sayer hesitates . and eventually manage sort of a shrug and a n od . , v ' director well , there we be , doctor . Kaufman can not believe it , but be send back a look that say , we have no choice . the director get up out of he chair , and , smile broadly , extend he hand to sayer . which unsettle sayer . which in turn unsettle the director . director ( not far from v begging ) you do want the job , do not you ? sayer be not so sure . he think about it long and hard . . . 8 . int . corridor - bainbridge - day 8 . move along a corridor crowded " with patient , some ambulatory , some in wheelchair , " live people " live with profound neurological disease . ANTHONY o.s. spend much time in chronic hospital , doctor ? a patient approach , and , pass sayer and the orderly who 's escort he ( ANTHONY ) , offer - female patient 1 hello . hello . hello . hello . . . rev.12/15/89 ( GREEN ) pg.7 8.c0nt . ANTHONY 8. ( to sayer ) you would remember . sayer I guess not . as they pass a old patient in a wheelchair - ANTHONY hey , how you do ? ( call to someone down the hall ) Dr. Sullivan . stay on the old patient , he eventually manage , too late - old patient fn ... ie down the hall in a alcove , Dr. Sullivan glance up long sufferingly from-a.patient~with'.an . ouij a-board who !.s mumble , * complain , unintelligibly . Anthony and sayer arrrive . ANTHONY Dr. Sullivan , this be Dr. sayer ; ' ' : : ' ' - ' . there 's a kind a " deadness " in Sullivan 's eye and voice ; he 's be here too long . sullivan not the neurologist , that would be ask too much . you be not the neurologist . sayer I think I be . sayer extend he hand . instead of shaking it - sullivan well , come on , Anthony , get he a coat for Christ 's sake . - Sullivan thrust he clipboard into sayer 's hand . 9 . omitted 9 . 10 . int . dayroom ( a ) - day 10 . a woman in a wheelchair uttering high - pitch scream ( female patient 2 ) . sayer in a lab coat try to calm she . rev.12/15/89 ( GREEN ) pg.7 10 . cont . sayer . 10 . they be just pencil , pen . he try to prove it to she by remove one of they from the pocket of he white coat . scream louder at the sight of it , she try to protect she face with she hand like a boxer be beat senseless . v 11 . int . dayroom ( B ) - day 11 . a man in he sixty confront sayer with a announcement in a loud commanding voice - male patient 1 X be bear in i911f in kinasbridae , New York . I come here in July of 1955 . Prior to July of 1955 . I reside a£ the Brooklyn psychiatric centerf Brooklyn . New York . Prior to that p I be a person . and you. sir . - i who the* hell &gt ;are.*v.ou ? . 12 . int . dayroom ( C ) - day 12 . stepping around a wheelchair , sayer find in it a elderly woman , nicely dress , she hair do - up , a ribbon in it . glancing at the chart in he hand - sayer Mrs. Cohen ? mrs . cohen het here ? she smile , glance around . sayer hesitates , uncertain who she mean . sayer I be here . ( pause ) to examine you . mrs . cohen oh , no , I ' m leave today . my son 's come to take I home . ( 6 confused , sayer try to find a discharge form among the papers on the clipboard . unsuccessful , he excuse himself from she and cross the room to a nurse . sayer Excuse I . Mrs. Cohen 's son . he 's come today ? nurse 1 I would not bet on it , he have not for twenty year . the nurse turn away . sayer cross slowly back to Mrs. Cohen , try to find the word to tell she . he do not have to ; he discomfort do it . her hand slowly reach up and pull the ribbon from she hair . 13 . omitted . v 14 . int . examination room / office - later - day silence . institutional beige wall . Glass cabinet , lock , contain medical instrument . a metal examination table with leather strap . sayer alone at one of three old desk in the large room , still unsettle from the experience with Mrs. Cohen . eventually , he get up , cross to a window and try to open it . it 's jamme shut , paint shut perhaps , but finally give way , slide up . he let the air from outside wash over he face as he stare out absently at child on a elementary school playground beyond a debris-strewn field . miss costello o.s. ( a matter of fact ) it get easier . sayer turn to the voice , to miss costello , the hospital 's head nurse , a veteran of this place , a woman who have see it all . she 's stand in the doorway . miss costello you do not think it will , but it do . a moment and she a urn and leave . t 14a . ext . tenement ( lucy be ) - establish - day 15 . int . tenement - new york .- day 1 the needle of a Victrola claw at the endless music-less inner band of a 78 . . . .* . cold egg and toast and prescription medicine on a kitchenette table . a puddle of coffee on the floor . ceramic shard , a break cup . . a old woman on she knee , eye close , arm tangle in a aluminum walker , limp and stiff at once somehow , like the limb of a discard marionette . Beyond she , beyond a threshold , a shutter live room . Furniture from another era and the clutter of a lifetime . a shadowy figure in a wicker wheelchair near the Victrola . another old woman , with spindly limb , profoundly afflict and preposterously still . the back of she head be flat and bald , the result of lie supine upon it for much of several decade . on she passive face rest round wire - rim glass . insane or retarded and unaware of the dead woman , she mumble , just barely audibly , a melody . sayer' voice can you hear I ? . 16 16 . int . examination room / office - bainbridge - day distant music of child 's laughter . perhaps real , emanate from outside ; perhaps imagine , remember , play in a remote region of the woman 's damage mind . arrested of all movement , she stare , transfix , at the blade of a fan . sayer' voice do you know where you be ? ( nothing back ) do you remember be bring here ? ( nothing back ) do you know what have happen ? if she do , she give no indication . no word or gesture . no change of expression on she mask of a face . she be elsewhere ( or nowhere ) , cut adrift by she illness , live in a private world ( or hell ) . sayer' voice can you hear I ? sayer , wear a white lab coat , try to read she eye . behind thick lense , unclean for week or month , the eye be inscrutable . . ·· rev . 12/5/89 ( blue ) pg.-lo 16.cont . 16 . sayer reach to she face and carefully pull the glass from it . he clean they with a flap of he lab coat -- they be loose , bent out of shape * -- and gently slide the temple back over she ear . he turn away from she and type at a manual underwood . the form in the machine , at the top , read -- bainbridge hospital / admission / consultation request / neurology . sayer type in a lower section head -- finding / diagnosis . he turn back in he chair to find the woman double - over in she wheelchair , one arm very close to the floor , the hand clutching the glass . she be not move , but she have move . that , or she be dead . sayer rights she , take the glass from she hand and slip they back onto she face . he study she for a moment , and for that moment remain as still , as entrance , as she . he take the glass from she face again and set they on the floor . he wait . she do not retrieve they . he pick they up and hold they out to she . she do not move to take they . he let go of they and she lunge forward , catch they the instant before they hit the floor . sayer just stare . sayer«s voice her name be Lucy Fishman . . . be 16b . int . corridor outside examination room - late afternoon 16b . Dr. Kaufman , the hospital 's Chief of Medicine , notice a number of patient line up in they wheelchair as he pass they on he way into sayer 's examination room - sayer' voice she be find by neighbor with * she sister , several day after the , sister have die . . . 17 . int . examination room - late afternoon 17 . the same room as before . the same woman . all that have change be the light . it 's late afternoon . sayer ( cont 'd ) accord to the neighbor , * she 's never set foot outside she * apartment , have no other live * relative , and have always be the * way she be now - without any * comprehension or response . * Kaufman try to feign interest . he glance to the other 1 sayer have summon to the room -- two other doctor , Tyler and Sullivan , and miss costello . sayer and yet . . . without any warning whatsoever sayer toss a tennis ball at she . her hand suddenly jerk up out of she lap and catch it . and stay there , stiff , still . sayer be delighted but the expression on Kaufman 's face be that of one who have long ago learn and tired of simple card trick . dismiss the phenomenon --· dr . kaufman a reflex . sayer if she bat it away I might call that a reflex . she do not bat it away , she catch it . dr . kaufman - it 's still a reflex . ..·. : · ·' .· " .' sayer I be sorry , if you be right I would agree with you . Kaufman , understandably , take some offense at the comment . sayer , however , be unaware that he have cause any . sayer it 's as if . . . have lose all will of she own on which to act , she borrow the will of the ball . awkward silence . eventually -- dr . tyler the " will of the ball ? " . sayer nod . Kaufman and the other doctor concur with glance that the theory and theorist be absurd . dr . sullivan Excuse I . Sullivan have better thing to do and leave the room . so do Tyler . Kaufman and miss costello remain . dr . kaufman . I ( hopefully ) you be try to make a good impression . that 's it , be not it ? you be still settling in . sayer be not sure if he should agree or not . he do neither . dr . kaufman miss costello , you will see that Dr. saver 's patient wait out there be reschedule for tomorrow ? miss costello yes , sir . dr . kaufman good night . sayer watch Kaufman leave . so do miss costello . Lucy , look less like a woman than a Diane arbus photograph of one , do not . 18 . ext . parking lot - bainbridge - late afternoon C '\ sayer climb into he Toyota and , as he buckle he seat belt , -*© recite in a mumble to himself -- sayer one . . . . * ( he turn the key ) two . . . ( put on sunglass ) Three . . . ( release the brake ) four . . . ( shift out of ' park ' ) . five . just as he 's depress the accelerator , someone rap on he window . he slam on the brake . miss costello 's face appear at the window . recovering , sayer roll it down . sayer what would I forget ? miss costello I just want to say to you I prefer you explanation . () it 's unclear whether he know what she 's refer to . be miss costello and that I will look after thing for you until you have " settle in . " good night , doctor . she leave . he stare blankly out after she , then at he dashboard . to it eventually , quietly -- sayer thank you . . . he glance to he rear view mirror and can see she walk away toward she car . to the reflection -- sayer thank you very much . 18a . ext . sammy' fish grotto - establish - night 18a . 19 . int . sammy' grotto , CITY island , the bronx - night 19 . sayer at a table eat dinner alone . he should have bring along something to read . he glance at the little " catch of the Day " notice on he table for the tenth time , then absently in at a eel in a fish tank , which seem to be peer back out at he . sidney v.o. I be not mad ... not mad . . . 20 . ext . schoolyard &amp ; bainbridge hospital - day 20 . a tether ball dangle from a rope , rest against a pole . the chain of a swing . pigeon scavenge scrap on the asphalt of the elementary school playground , desert . · sidney v.o . I know the difference between what be real and what be not . . . Beyond a chain -link fence , across the field , on the roof of one of bainbridge 's brick building , peer down from the edge of it , coat over he smock , hat on he head , a elderly man . 21 . int . sidney' dayroom - day 21 . tight on the elderly man 's face . sidney the voice be real . rev.12/12/89 ( pink ) pg.14 21.c0nt . 21 . sayer nod in agreement though he be not altogether as certain of tne claim . they be in a ward crowded with many patient who be mad , obviously and irretrievably so . sayer what do the voice say ? sidney " Mr. titch , get you coat and hat , go up to the roof and jump off . " sayer do you recognize it as belong to a person ? or be it just a voice ? sidney consider sayer suspiciously ... then smile slyly . * * sidney you do not deny it be you . * sayer * me? sayer be take aback . as be sidney . one of they , and sidney believe he know which , be lie or crazy . ' ' · * sayer ' . I do deny it . it be not I . it be not real . ( pause ) we have only just now meet , sir . '' sidney , suddenly completely disorient , withdraw . sidney if that 's true . . . I be in a predicament . 22 . int . staff cafeteria - bainbridge - day 22 . sayer in line with drs. Tyler and Sullivan , both young than * himself . he seem distract , sayer , lose in the color of the beet on he tray . or a think . like George tell lenny again about the rabbit : dr . sullivan * we would be high up - 40th , 50th floor , nice midtown view - suite * of office , carpete , good-look * receptionist - * rev.12/12/89 ( pink ) pg.15 22.cont . dr . tyler 22 fp\ · Aquarium in the wait room , \_j ) George . , dr . sullivan we could have all that ... but we would miss all this . we would miss the ward . dr . tyler the smell of they . dr . sullivan we would miss this place - ( this cafeteria ) we would miss this . . . ( the plate of mush as it 's set down onto he tray ) whatever this be . . sayer ye .... 's sayer glance up at they , have pay attention to nothing they have say , and nod at some other think . . ' sayer yes . . . , ' he leave he tray where he stand , and head out of the cafeteria . v 23 . int . sidney' dayroom - day 23 . sayer back with sidney . sayer do you see I when - 1 " speak ? " sidney think about it , try to remember , to summon back the moment in question , to picture it exactly as it happen , or do not happen . sidney no. sayer you see I now though . sidney yes . rev.12/12/89 ( pink ) pg.l5 23.cont , ( continuity only ) sidney turn to a patient , a elderly woman in a wheelchair beside he . her state resemble that of Lucy 's , that be , she appear to have no awareness of sidney , sayer , or anything else in she environment . it be only now , in fact , as sidney spoon soup into she mouth , careful not to spill any , that sayer notice she . continued : sr^ say er ( y -- '' I for it ha p pe n 's ag a in , m respect ti t ch , I v_y with a ty ou to l oo k a ro u no . if yo u d on 't act u al l y se e I , i for yo u of n ly h ea rm e , you c a be 's u be th a t I ' m n to be a l , a no y ou c a i g no be m e . sa ye be sm il es , pl ea se d with it h hi 's so lu it on . sid ne y U nle ss you we e th e p .a. sy ste marry S a ye r' 's sm il e fa de 's . Si d not y be 's it will i n a pr ed ic a I not a no sa ye be have and t t he a now er . 2 4 . int . nur SE s' ST at ion - D ay 24 ; sa ye be di al 's th e ho sp it a l op er at or . S ay E R mai nten ance , plea se . W be it n g t of be co n not ct e d , he n of it c es a n to h er " 's to t ue " ( be R T ) . W ha t's un se t t l i n g a b ou t t h i 's of n e , a pa be t for be om t he mar n ' 's g h os t - l ik e ap p e be a n ce , i 's th e a g le of for h i 's with he e l ch a i be . I t ' 's l i ke a n p ~ -' ask e with p be n it n g , a 's i for with ho e have be with as wh e el in g i t 's im p ly le t g of of for '' ts ? the c h be be and t h i 's i 's wh e r e i t a n d i t 's c a be g of h a p p e n e d to c of m e * to be est , faci n g th e wal l . N to wa not i no to l of se th e c al l , sa y er mo have 's t of wa be d th e p at i en t , k ee p ing the r e c e i have be t of h i 's e a be . at for u l l e x t e n sion of th e c or d , un for or t un at e ly , h e ' 's 's t il l t will pa ce 's 's h or t . R e ac hi n g b ac k with it h the arm with it h th e ph of not , he g be n 's d i st a n ce a no tu be n 's the with he e lc ha i be q ui ck l y j we t a 's h be c a will co no e ct 's . sa y er yes . hi . I need a lock install on th e d oo be to th e E as t win g roo for . a b ig l oc k . T he 's oo n e be t he better . ( pa we e ) I be sor ry , th be i 's D respect say er. . ( p au se ) I be sorry , form . . . h e 's c rie b b le 's a n um b e be of n t h e b a ck of for h be h a d a d h a n gs u p . he wa no e rs ov er to th e " st a tu e " ag a in . S ay E R h ow be e y ou ? no be 's p on 's e with h at 's of ev e be . sa y e be m a to g es h be p en i not of t h e m a n 's ha no a d 's ea be ch e 's hi 's p of ck et 's for of be pa p er . rev . 10/13/89 P. 17 he glance around . see a orderly read a newspaper . ( p\ borrow a section , return with it , slide it under the pen and wait . the man do not write . do not move . sayer take the pen back , return it to he coat pocket , hesitates , pull it out again , hold it out . . . and let it go . the man , lightning quick , catch it . 25 . int . anot he R dayro om ( B ) - L eat R - day 2 5 . another man rigid as stone ( frank ) . this one peer up at a television set with a horizontal hold problem . sayer drag a chair over , stand on it , adjust the set , correct it , get a picture . . . but the man 's " attention " slowly drift away . sayer " read just " it , get the jump horizontal line again , and the man 's vacant eye return . 26 . int . leonard dayroom - later - day . 26 . another dayroom crowded with patient , one of which stand before a table , absolutely motionless , on thin bird - like leg . it be Lucy , the one who catch / the tennis ball . the movement of nurse and other patient only accentuate she stillness . sayer consider she from all angle as one consider a abstract art piece that baff les but in trigue . unlike the other , she 's on she foot . a no unlike the other , she seem , to sayer , to have be head somewhere before turn to stone again . - . " '' he decide that she destination be the drink fountain across the room . and that it 's the table , like a barrier , that have arrest she progress . he move the table . in what appear to be slow motion , she take a tiny step . and another . and another before encounter and be " block " by a empty wheelchair . she stop . sayer move the wheelchair and all other obstacle out of she path . she continue and eventually make it halfway to the fountain before mysteriously stop again . sayer study the puzzle ... there be no longer any barrier in she way , but she 's not move . defeat , he go to the fountain himself , fill a paper cup , and take it to she . across the room , a man in a wheelchair , another " ghost " ( leonard ) , stare through eye which seem more dead than alive . " at " sayer . 27 . int . file room , bainbridge - day 27 of a admission form , yellow and brittle with age -- bainbridge hospital / admission state of new york a type date / august 2 , 1929 . the admit physician 's name . the patient 's name . and age / 15 . a identification number and ward assignment number . as sayer pull the folder and close the drawer of one of several filing cabinet lining the wall of a claustrophobic room , miss costello slide open another , locate a particular folder in it and in the folder another admit form -- the date / may 7 , 1932 . name and number . another drawer . sayer pull another folder . another admission form ~ date / december 12 , 1930 . Age of the patient / 22 . 28 28 . int . examination room - later - day the file spread out on a table . sayer and miss costello leaf through they . . . sayer consider one 's original admission form . he scan body of text and find a diagnosis -- atypical schizophrenia . he set it aside and pick up another . miss costello " atypical hysteria , " this one . sayer nod to himself and keep read he . he eventually find in its text -- atypical rabies . he flip to the end of the file . " no change since last examination " it read . he turn the page . " no change , no therapy recommend . " he turn the page , the last entry . " no change . " the date , " 11/9/44 . " sayer there must be more recent file we miss somehow . " part twos " to they medical history . ( miss costello be shaking head ' no . ' ) in some other filing cabinet somewhere . . .. miss costello no . of rev . 10/13/89 p.19 29 . ext . parking lot - bainbridge - evening 29 . ( &gt ; os , sayer and miss costello walk to they car . sayer one would think that after a point enough atypical somethings would amount to a typical something . but a typical " what ? " miss costello , no doubt , have less of a idea than sayer what the " what " could be . miss costello , Doctor . . . would you like to g e t a cup of coffee somewhere ? ( pause ) tea ? sayer ah . . . normally I would say yes . . . only I have make other plan . . . she nod quickly . she seem , strangely , relieved . miss costello some other time . sayer yes . miss costello , good night . sayer good night . they veer apart to they respective car . 30 . int . sammy' grotto , CITY island - night 30 . the tiny gree / i eye in the head of the eel stare out at refracted light and shadow . sayer , alone at the same table as before , finish with he meal . i waiter tea , right ? · / · sayer p e 's . '... - · lae the waiter leave . sayer glance back into the fish tank at the eel behind the rock , its rock , its home . ( re V. 10 / 1 6 / 89 ) pin k _ P. 2 0 31 . ext . CITY island - later - night 31 . fpl sayer strolling down a dark side street . he reach a snail wooden house near the water and climb three step to the porch . he get the front door open and bend to pick up mail ( include a few book parcel from antiquarian shop ) just * inside the threshold . * 32 . omitted 32 . i 33 . int . sayer be house - dine room - later - night 33 . tight on ( Ernst heckle ) drawing of primitive life form . * sayer , in he dining room , leaf through the old first edition , * pleased it have arrive , intrigue by its picture . the parcel * paper lie beside it on the table . * 34 . int . sayer be house - live room - later - night 34 . finger on the key of a baby grand piano that seem out of scale with sayer 's small live room . wrapped in a robe , he play a melody . fcuJ all around he lay pack box , some empty , many not . the *^^ book be out at least - many of a medical nature , many other on nature itself , , botany , many first edition - two and three deep on shelf , on the floor , on table , stack on the couch - and chair almost like figure of people .t 35 . int . sayer be house - live room - later - night 35 . a lamp , on , in the live room . sayer asleep on the couch , a open book and read glass rest on he chest . his eye blink open . not at a noise . at a think . 36 . int . examination room - bainbridge - later - night 36 . a n i g h t ja n i to be with i th a p a i l -o n -w h e e l 's a n d a m of p m of v e 's p a 's t da be k e n e d of ffi c e 's . h e p a u 's e 's a t of n e , th e fi l e be of of m , l i g h t u n d e be i ts d of of be , a n d of p e n 's i t . . -.. * janitor I be sorry , doctor . I think someone leave the light on . q rev.,12/5/89 ( blue ) pg.2 36'.cont . 36 . glancing up from file strewn across the table , sayer share a discovery with the janitor - sayer they all survive encephalitis year before they come here . in the 1920 ' 's . he tap a finger at the file - the patient ' medical history prior to admission - form list childhood disease and ailment . the janitor , have no idea of course what he mean , retreat with he pail and mop , close the door . 36a . ext . medical library , new york - establish - day 36a . 37 . int . medical library , new york - day 37 . sayer display what he have write on the back of he hand to * a assistant librarian : nejm 4-6-35 . sayer the New England Journal of Medicine , April 6th , 1935 . * 38 . int . medical library - later - day . 38 . a microfilm machine . sayer manipulate its lever and eventually find what he 's after , a article title : encephalitis lethargica , ten year later . accompany the text be grainy black and white photograph take in a old operate theatre . a anatomical skeleton , a doctor in a white coat , subject -- man , woman and child with haunt eye . 39 . ext . residential garden , new york - day 39 . Close on the doctor from the photograph - ancient and ill . old doctor ( philosophically detach ) pus and pain , that 's the final * reward . pus and pain and obscurity . he 's in a small unkept rise garden . with sayer . * no the : to g et c lear anc e fr om t he N ew en gla no jo urn al of * Medicine , we must indicate that it be a weekly publication , * which be why the " 6th " have be add . * old doctor . I believe you when you say some still live . but I can assure you they be medically irrelevant . as they be thirty year ago when I fight to get my work publish . he smile at a think , at once wistful and bitter . old doctor that 's the problem with a unique disease . once it no longer rage , I be tell you , it become very unfashionable . . he bury he face into he mask , manage to get some deep breath into he lung and shake he head at sayer . old doctor what would I be without this thing ? a man with a1 shred of dignity le_ft . sayer should I get you nurse ? old doctor God forbid , no . he light a cigarette , cough and put it out . old doctor how many have you find there ? sayer five . so far . I think there may be more . the old doctor nod . he have the tear look of someone remind of a unfaithful lover just when he would manage to forget about she . he want and do not want to know how they be do . finally -- old doctor how be they ? sayer as you describe they . as they be back then . as " insubstantial as ghost . " only I guess most of they be child then . old doctor yes . Children who fall asleep . of 40 . int . old doctor' study - day 40 box of ancient history have be drag out of storage , the emphysema- plague doctor 's post - encephalitic research , file and photograph and can of 16 mm film . old doctor most die during the acute stage of the illness , during a sleep so deep they could not be rouse . a sleep that in most case last several month . the doctor , in the dark , watch forty year old footage project onto a screen by a pre-world War ii Bell &amp ; howell - a motionless man in a chair , he head thrust back , mouth gape open , arm suspend out from a emaciate torso as if from invisible string . old doctor that who survive , who awoke , seem fine , as though nothing have happen . year go by - five , ten , fifteen - before anyone suspect they be not well . . they be not . a doctor , this doctor decade young , appear beside the subject on the screen and lower the man 's arm . old doctor I begin to see they in the early 1930 's - old people bring in by they child , young people bring in by they parent - all of they complain they be not " themselves " anymore . they would grow distant , aloof , anti-social , they daydream at the dinner table . I refer they to psychiatrist . the man on the screen disappear and be replace by a seal - shape woman in whom a hundred strange disease seem to reside . they conspire against she , torment and harass she , force she to perform incessant and meaningless action with she hand , to paw she chin , to flutter , to adjust glass that be not there . rev.12/5/89 ( blue ) pg.24 40 . cont . doctor 40 0 &lt ; id before long they be be refer back to I . they could no longer dress themselves or feed themselves . they could no longer speak in most case . families go mad . people who be normal , be now . . . * ( search for the word ) . . . elsewhere ... the woman on the screen be replace by a young man , a teenager , who seem compose less of flesh than wax , a wax figure with real eye . sayer what must it be like to be they ? on the screen , the young man' eye , entrance , gaze upward as if try hard to remember something . or try hard to forget it . sayer what be they think ? . old doctor 0 they be not . the virus do not : spare the higher faculty . sayer ( hopefully ) we know that for a fact . old doctor yes. sayer bec use . . . a 4 sayer wait for the old doctor to tell he the reason , the data , to support the merciful truth . but he do not seem to possess it any more than sayer do . Long silence before : old doctor because the alternative be unthinkable . 40a . int . dayroom ( C ) - day ' 40a . the hand of a stone- like woman catch the tennis ball while the rest of she remain absolutely still . sayer gesture to Anthony , okay , and the orderly wheel she out of the crowded room . 4ob . int . ward 5 dayroom - day · 4 ob the hand of a otherwise still - life man snap to catch the ball . sayer nod to a orderly who wheel he out past young patient , Ward 5 's resident . i 40c . int . corridor - day 40c the ball glance off the face of a nan who turn in he wheelchair and glare at sayer . sayer sorry . . 41 41 . int . leonard dayroom - later - day sayer have assemble they all , the fourteen or fifteen he have decide be post - encephalitics , and wander among they like a naturalist in a garden of stone . he lift a arm of one particularly remote male patient . it remain suspend , doll - like . he try to follow the trajectory of another 's gaze . it lead only to blank space . he consider another who appear " deeply involved " in some minute and curious activity with he twisted hand , a kind of tear , shredd motion . . v across the room , pay no attention to sayer , be sidney and lolly . he 's gently brush she hair . sayer manage a pen into the hand of another woman and she " draw " a kind a kind of circular shape that spiral in on itself until it reach a " vanish point " in the center . 42 . int . examination room - later - day 42 . the result of standard perception test scotch - tape to a wall of the examination room . sayer and miss costello , like visitor to a museum , consider each for a moment before move onto the next . printed in the leave column of each be a circle , square , triangle and daisy . in the right be the post - encephalitics ' fail " attempt " to copy they . rev . 10/13/83 p.26 sayer keep come back to one in particular . unlike the other which , if you use you imagination , vaguely correspond somewhat positionally to the pre-print shape , this one bear no resemblance . this patient have instead scrawle over the shape , seemingly violently . miss costello join sayer and ponder it along with he . eventually , as if to excuse it and its maker -- miss costello it 's different . sayer quite . it 's quite bad . sayer keep study it . sayer ( more to himself ) do he fail to understand ? or be he unwilling to fail ? he be not really ask she to answer , which be fine with she since she doubt equally both hypotheses . sayer could he be say , " I can not draw a triangle , do not make I " ? ( before she can respond : ) could it be willfully bad ? she do not say it but it 's clear she think sayer be read far too much into the " badness " of the patient 's scrawl . to himself - sayer which one be this ? he lean closer to see the type name . . . 43 . int . leonard be ward - day 43 . the painting of the western town from the prologue - saloon , livery stable , sunset . below it , in he wheelchair , Leonard . his face be unline and passive , like a mask . his body be still , like the dead . sayer' voice &gt ; | v do he ever speak to you ? Leonard 's mother , a woman of seventy or so , be comb she son 's hair , be careful to get the part straight . rev . 10/13/89 p.27 mrs . lowe of course not . not in word . sayer he speak to you in other way . how do you mean ? mrs . lowe i you do not have child . sayer no. , mrs . lowe if you do you would know . finish with he hair , she wheel he from the sleep ward * and into the - 43a . int . leonard dayroom - continuous - day 43a sayer , trail after Mrs. lowe and she sonr become momentarily distract by Lucy , the most recently arrive post - encephalitic , the one he try unsuccessfully to coax to the drink fountain . she be there again , " stick " at the same point , angle toward the fountain but unable to reach it . sayer bring she a cup of water and rejoin Mrs. lowe . - sayer I would like to examine he again - if that 's all right with you . mrs . lowe , he do well . sayer in a sense . mrs . lowe he 's very clever . be not you , Leonard . . sayer show she the perception test " draw * * Leonard make . sayer do this mean anything to you ? mrs. lowe . ( more to Leonard ) ;· it 's very good . '· . she glance back to sayer who nod uncertainly . she recognize . the look on he face ; she 's see it before on the face of more doctor than she care to remember . ' for rev . 10/13/89 p.28 mrs . lowe ( become impatient with he ) well it 's abstract , be not it . sayer can not bring himself to agree with she . mrs . lowe that 's the problem with all you doctor , you have no imagination . everything have to be real to you . no longer have any use for he , she pointedly ignore he . * take the hint , sayer 's wander off , past Lucy , look like a statue , hold the paper cup he bring she . 43b . ext . apartment build ( mrs . lowe be ) - establish - night 43b . 44 . int . mrs . lowe's apartment - night 44 the door open from the inside revealing sayer in street clothes . judge from the look on Mrs. lowe 's face , he have arrive unannounced . sayer . I want to know more about he . 44a . int . mrs . lowe's apartment - leonard bedroom - night 44a . a old photograph . a sixth grade class picture from 1930 ? , move slowly across the young face to Leonard , eleven , at the end of a row . mrs. lowe 0.8 . something be wrong , they say , with he hand . he could not write anymore , he could not do the work , I should take he out of school , they say . he be eleven . they're in Leonard 's old bedroom , sayer and Mrs. lowe . except for the western painting that 's miss , nothing have change in it in thirty year . continued : rev . 10/13/89 p.28a mrs . lowe he slowly get worse . he would be talk , suddenly he would come to a stop . after a few second he would finish what he be say like nothing happen , but this standstills get longer . sometimes he would call to I and I would come in and find he at he desk in a trance . a hour , two hour . then he would be okay again . continued : sayer glance around the room . it 's be preserve , like a shrine . mrs . lowe one day I come hone from work and find he in he bed , he arm like this , reach . ( pause ) " what do you want , Leonard ? " she picture the moment in she mind , and wait , it seem , for the young Leonard to speak , to tell she what it be he want . finally she lower she arm and shrug . mr.s lowe he never speak again . it be like he would disappear . I take he to bainbridge later that year . November fourteenth , 1937 . he be twenty . sayer glance away from she to the room itself again . sayer what would he do with himself , Mrs. lowe , that nine year he stay in this room ? she smile to herself , proudly it seem . mrs . lowe he read . y 45 . int . examination room - bainbridge - day 45 Leonard 's face in shadow . wire emerge from he scalp . a sluggish eeg pattern . a blind flash from a strobe . suddenly light up the room . the pupil of Leonard 's eye shrink , but he eeg remain stuporously slow . 45a . ext . research lab , new york - establish - day 45a . 46 . int . research lab - day 46 a monkey flipping switch on a panel build into a laboratory room , search for a sequence . in a observation booth , year of collect data - chart and graph , eeg 's and note . there , Dr. Mann , a contemporary of sayer 's , stare at sayer ay curiously . eventually he manage -- mann when you say you be work with people , you do not mean live people . ( sayer live people , yes . patient . Mann just stare . he 's a scientist , they both be , and the idea of sayer work with live people , rather than expire one laid out on the pathology table , be inconceivable to he . mann ( fear the answer ) where ? sayer it 's in the bronx . it 's a poor private chronic hospital call m ou not -- mann ( appal ) oh , malcolm , malcolm , come back , come on . you be a benchman , you be no clinician , why would you lower yourself ? sayer have not a answer for he . »· sayer how 's hank ? mann how 's hank ? he 's great , he 's brilliant , look at he . sayer glance away to hank the monkey , watch he . Mann study sayer , chagrine and incredulous . mann a physician ? you ? he slap he angrily across the shoulder with some papers . the monkey complete a complex sequence which open a chamber revealing a electric train . the animal jump and hoot with wild glee . sayer reach out and press the button on the stop watch dangle from Mann 's neck . sayer subtract two second off he time . 47 . omitted 47 48 . int . research lab - later - day 48 rat in cage , wire up , manipulate elaborate series of ladder and pulley , traversing catwalk , or ratwalk , lead to glucose reward . while Mann , with something less than great enthusiasm , consider a eeg sayer have bring , he monkey drag toy over to sayer and try to engage he in play . one of the toy be a ouija board . mann ( to , sayer ) do not look at I like that . it 's for he alphabet lesson . ( to the monkey ) we be busy , hank , go play solitaire . the monkey obediently go off in search of a deck of card . gesture at pattern on the eeg -- mann asleep . first stage normal . second a little dull . normal rm ... E he shrug , lay out a second eeg , and gesture at pattern on it -- mann awake . slightly erratic . no more so than a lot of people walk the street of New york. ( shrug again ) I give up , what 's wrong with he ? sayer you have they backwards . this be he awake . . . ( point to one eeg ; then the other ) this be he asleep . .- , " - . ^ · Mann think sayer be kid . he be not . mann this be he awake ? this be he asleep ? sayer nod . Mann try , without success , to make some sort of sense out of that . mann what be you say ? when he 's awake , what , he 's dream ? sayer when there 's any brain activity at all , which be infrequent , yes . dream or hallucinate . mann and when he 's asleep . . . ? sayer when he 's asleep he manage to create a kind of reality . what we might call reality . mann that 's what you think this say ? sayer 1 do not know . Mann study the " waking " eec he point to its one and only large electrical peak . ; mann what 's this peak ? Strobe ? sayer no . this be the strobe . sayer indicate a flat section of the pattern where there be scribble in pencil a small " 's . " sayer this . . . , ( the large peak , mark with a " L " ) / . . . be I say he name to he . Mann stare rather dumbly at sayer . then at hank the monkey on the floor deal solitaire . 49 . int . leonard dayroom - day 49 tight on Leonard . something blur past he but he eye do not follow it . pull back , the object blur by again from the other direction . tight on sayer . the thing blur past he face . his eye do not follow it either . pull back , it blur again . rev . 10.13/89 p.33 a circle of patient in wheelchair . the post -encephalitics reunite . " waking " just long enough to catch and release the object , a small beach ball . Leonard and sayer , on opposite side of the circle , ignore the ball and the other patient . he 's reach a dead end , sayer , right where he begin , he only " accomplishment , " this , ball - catch patient . 50 . int . examination room - day 50 . sayer alone in the examination room , tired , at its window stare blankly out . his perspective : the empty lot below litter with abandon couch , refrigerator , rusting automobile carcass . and beyond the lot , the elementary school playground . laugh child on swing and slide . jumping rope . batting tether ball . play hopscotch . move slowly in on one of the hopscotch game . on a girl toss a bean bag into a square . jumping over it and into the next square . turn and jump back . balance on one foot . retrieving the bean bag and toss it down again . into the next square of the tile pattern chalk on the asphalt . 51 . int . leonard dayroom - day 51 . from above , patient in wheelchair dot the black and white checkerboard linoleum - tile floor like chess piece . the pattern be regular to a point but then break up -- be interrupt by a area of solid white , where a wall once stand -- before be restore . it form a kind of narrow " sea , " the white area , on either side of which lie " land . " at floor level sayer and miss costello , on they hand and knee , be " black in " the miss tile with shoe polish , " bridge " the gap between the two checkerboard . the retarded patient around they ignore they . the ward nurse pretend to . ' complete the pattern sayer glance across the room to Leonard . he seem to be " watch . " his mother , nearby , idly thumbing through a magazine as she bring Leonard up to date on neighborhood news , be not . ·t , . sayer cross to Lucy . lift she gently out of she chair . point she in the direction of the drink fountain . she begin to move . to step slowly over each tile . she reach the " bridge " and hesitates . then cross it . rev . 10/13/89 p.34 sayer do not know whether to applaud or cry . he do neither , bury he emotion behind a professional mask instead , and watch as Lucy , " deliver " to the other side , free now , let the regularity of the pattern guide she toward the fountain . she near it . she be almost there . then she be . there . but do not drink . do not stop . she continue past it . . . to a window , the window bevond the drink fountain which sayer have not notice before , have no reason to notice , have no need to notice , with a break pane allow a view to the outside . she stare out at the traffic below , in hope no doubt of figure out where she be . and sayer 's eye , behind which exhilaration and horror rise up , shift from she to miss costello , and then to Leonard , in whose mask of a face sayer think he see a faint glimmer . this people be alive inside . 52 52 . int . dayroom ( B ) - day a soap opera on a portable black and white tv in a narrow passageway of a nurse ' station . beyond.it , beyond a glass partition , a crowded idle dayroom . miss costello cross into and out of view and reappear moment later next to the tv . she switch it off and turn to face the three rn who be watch it . in they defense -- V nurse the patient have all be give they morning medication . miss costello good . Dr. sayer be hope you would have some free time . she hand a book to the nurse who speak ( margaret ) , a first edition wear / rom many reading . Margaret glance from it to the other nurse and back to miss costello . 53 . int . dayroom ( B ) - later - day 53 the nurse hold the book like it 's something quite foreign to she . she find the beginning of the first chapter , clear she throat , and read -- margaret " call I . . . ish - ma-el . . . she glance up at she audience : three blank - face post - , 55 encephalitics . miss costello , who be nearby , nod to she to continue . she clear she throat again , and , feel like a fool , read -- margaret " some year ago , never mind how long precisely , have little or no money in my purse , and nothing particular to interest I on shore , I think I would sail about a little and see the watery part of the world . . . " miss costello leave . 54 54 . int . examination room - day Leonard 's head lock on he shoulder at a improbable angle that force he entrance gaze upward to a point well above sayer . sayer can you hear I , Leonard ? I want to hear you speak you name . : . - sayer wait . . . but Leonard remain mute . 55 . int . sayer be house - morning " 55 tight on sayer pull record album from he extensive classical collection . 56 . int . dayroom ( D ) - day 56 an.old box - style phonograph . the kind whose top be also a detachable speaker . a orderly , Fernando , dust it off , rig it , take the record miss costello hold out to he , get it spin , and set the needle down . Opera music . for the " enjoyment " of two more post - encephalitics . the eye of one narrow slightly , almost imperceptibly . -. - i 57 . int . examination room - day 57 the key of sayer 's old manual underwood typewriter . and Leonard 's claw of a hand hang over they like one of that unmanageable penny arcade crane . rev . 10/2/85 sayer 57 L . . . Leonard . . . L . . . Leonard 's hand remain still , suspend above the key , for what seem a eternity . 58 . int . leonard dayroom - day 58 . under miss costello 's supervision , maintenance man remove the grating from the window and washhthe pane . int .- dayroom ( D ) - day 59 . 59 . 30 's jazz music . the orderly from before with " he " two post - encephalitics . each have a tray of cafeteria food , but only one be eat , and mechanically at that . &lt ; fernando . . . not just any music , it have to be the right , music for they . Jazz do nothing for bert. only rose. ( pause ) it 's like they be only move by music that move they . I be that ' * ' ' - with ay . sayer ( intrigue ) yes , so be i. &gt ; the moment Fernando take the record off , Rose stop eat , stop move . the orderly put on mozart and wait . neither patient move . fernando I have not find anything that move bert yet . 59a . int . corridor - day ' 59a . a " no be mar l " pa t ie not wi t h m ul t ip le sc l er os be h as mar to g ed to inte rcep t S ayer on hi 's with ay some wher e el se , he be ms for ull wit h a 8 mm camera and tripod and screen . j ms woman I do not interest you like that other people , that one with that disease . sayer that 's not true . rev . 10/2/89 ms woman I wish I have something like that . ssmethe that would interest you instead of this stupid boring ms . 60 . int . examination room - day 6 Leonard in he wheelchair , absolutely motionless . sayer behind the lens of the 8 mm camera on the tripod . drs. Tyler and Sullivan , at the doorway , watch with some amusement . 60a . int . dayroom ( a ) - day 60a miss costello wheel the man who shred invisible thing to a window and place a piece of toast from a tray into he hand . he tear at it , the crumb sailing out onto a landing , and a flock of pigeon swoops up . 61 . int . dayroom ( C ) - day 61 Three post - encephalitics with card in they hand and the best poker face you ever see . : margaret they will sit there all day like that if I let they . I have to play the first card . &gt ; sayer watch she pull a card from one of they hand and place it on the table . all three " wake " and begin throw down card , one after another . sayer be it a real game I wonder ? margaret if it be , I do not know it . maybe it 's three different game . sayer ( delighted ) yes. 62 62 . omitted , 63 . int . corridor / dayroom ( B ) - day 6 sayer move past " normal " patient line up in the hall like plane on tarmac . suddenly , from a dayroom , boom the open bass line of hendrix 's " foxy Lady . " ( white ) rev . 12/4/89 P. 38 63.cont . .. .. , , . , , '' 63 . sa ye be pe er 's cu rie ou sl y i not of th e ro om . B er t be ea it no a no a though ny be g rin nin g . he see 's S aye be i n t he d oor way a d 's end he a 's elf - sa tis fied th umb s-u p 's ign . 64 . int . day room ( C ) - day 64 . mi ss C os the will of si tt in g wi t h a po st -e not ep ha li it c m a . ( F RA NK ) m be S cos te llo ther e's so meet hin g el se tha t be each th they . she t ouc he 's the m a ' 's ha no , h old 's it , a no hi 's he ad sl owl y tu rn to fa ce she . m ISS CO ste llo human cont act . sh e pu will 's hi m ge not ly t of h be if ee t a d wa lk 's wi t h hi m a fe with step . . m be S CO ST EL lo h e can and t wa lk with it ho ut m e . I for I let go - ; ( to the patient ) I will not let go of you ' - ( to sayer ) - if I let go , he will fa will . h e'll wa lk wit h I a ywh ere . they wa lk a for ew more st eps a d t ear be gin to of rm i n m iss coste llo 's eye . m be S CO ST EL lo it 's like the ball . . . only it 's my wi will he 's bo rro win g . sa ye be , to of , be m ov ed . but a 's he wa tch es m iss C ost el lo a d she p at ie not with al k aw ay , hi 's e xp be ss io n ch a ge 's ; 's om e th in g sh e ha 's sa id of be do not h as 's tr uc k a c ho rd , or u no oc ke d a d oo be : Close on they hand . . . 65 . om it te D - 65 . 66 . in T. bai nbri dge - nig ht 66 . - em pt y cor rie dor . E cho in g for oo ts tep 's . 67 . in T. leo nard be war D - NI ght 67 . Le of to be d . T uc k ed i n b u t " a wa k e . " St a be in g a t th e ce i li n g . rev . 10/13/89 p.39 sayer o.s. Leonard ? 68 . int . leonard be ward - later - night 68 . in a far corner of the darken ward , in a pool of lamp light , two silhouett figure . sayer and Leonard . sleep patient all around they . sayer carefully , awkwardly , place he hand on Leonard 's . after a moment , the contact bring the useless appendage " to life . " as it slowly turn over and grasp the doctor 's hand , a glimmer of life seem to appear in Leonard 's eye as well . sayer , unfamiliar , it seem , with the feel the contact produce in he , nonetheless place he other hand on Leonard 's other . soon it too turn and hold onto sayer 's . the doctor draw both of Leonard 's hand toward he and set they down on the pointer of a ouija board . sayer I will begin move the pointer toward the " L . " for " Leonard . " once I feel you beginning to move it , I will stop and you will take . over . do you understand ? Leonard , of course , can not say whether he do or not . the look on he face be " thoughtful . " the look on sayer 's , hopeful and foolish . sayer I be beginning . . . the pointer begin to slowly move past star and moon . judge from sayer 's expression he begin to feel Leonard 's movement of it and , presumably , stop he own . sayer yes , good . . . the pointer move across the letter , but pass the " L " without stop . it stop on the " R . " sayer no . no , I do not make myself clear . my fault . I . . . . the pointer begin move again , " interrupt " sayer . it pass the " L " again , reach the " I " and stop . .. sayer ' " . , no. no , I . . . . . rev . 10/13/89 p.40 but the pointer be move again . it stop on the " L. " sayer yes . yes . that 's what I mean . . " L. " good . now the " E . " it begin move again . but not to the " E . " to the no , " where it hesitates briefly before move again . sayer ( realize , to himself ) . . . you be spelling something el e . . . 's keeping one hand on the move pointer , sayer fumble a pen from he shirt pocket and scribbles on he lab coat what Leonard have and be continue to " write " : rilkespa 69 . int . examination room - night sayer alone in the examine room , stand over he desk . the lab coat be on it . and on it be scrawle : rilkespantherilke he have to study it only a moment before he see the meaning of it ; he quickly scratch out the last four letter , and add a slash between the " S " and the " p , " so that it read : R I L k E s/ p a N T h E R bmbjup * 69a . ext . public library . - establish - day 69 70 . int . public library - day ' 7 a card catalogue . card flipping by , stop on one that .read : 831 R rilke , Rainer Maria german poet and fiction&gt ; fwriter ; 1875-1926 ; collect poem try fr. german by -- 71 . int . public library - later - day . . , 7 move slowly in on sayer at one of the library table with a V . book. , ·.. rev . 10/13/89 P. " ( continuity onxy ; sayer' voice " his gaze from stare through the bar have grow so weary that it can take in nothing more . . . int . leonard ward - day 72 . 72 . move slowly into the western painting . sayer' voice " for he it be as though there be a thousand bar , and behind the thousand bar , no world . . . 72a . ext . bronx zoo - day 72a . move in on a panther , limb weaken , spirit break , slowly pace back and forth before the bar of a small cage . sayer v.o . " as he pace in cramped circle , over and over , he powerful stride be like a ritual dance around a center where a great will stand paralyze . . . move slowly away from sayer watch , move high above he ; the place be virtually desert . 73 . int . leonard be ward - day 73 . move slowly in on Leonard as , in bed , flannel pajamas , as he mother diaper he for the night . sayer v.o . " at time the curtain of the eye lift without a sound . . . move slowly&lt ; in on sayer , unseen in a doorway , stare at Leonard , at the look of contentment on he face . or be it a look of impotent rage ? sayer v.o. " . . . and a shape enter , '.slip thry ough the tightened silence of the shoulder , reach the heart and die .i. " . ... fade to black . ' ' ' . ' rev . 10/13/89 p.41a ( continuity only ) 73a . ext . auditorium - new york - afternoon 73a . professional and professorial type filing in past a placard , a enlargement of a article from the Journal of neurochemistry title : levadopa in the treatment of parkinsonism . below it : a discussion with martin S. thomas , ph.d . there 's excitement ( and jealousy ) in the air . 74 . int . auditorium - afternoon 74 a anatomical skeleton dangle from a metal stand . neurochemist there 's a ordinary medicine with which we be all familiar . a everyday medicine of stubbed toe and bunion and boil . a man at a podium in a modern version of the 1920 's basement operate theatre . · , neurochemist and then there be another kind . a medicine that hold out to the afflict the promise of restore life . he glance to a point above he listener , and a overhead projector splashes a diagram of molecular structure ( and the silhouette of a raise hand ) onto a screen . the neurochemist trace the shadow to its maker in the audience . sayer thank you . yes . yes , I be very much interested in you work with this drug . I be curious if . . . neurochemist Doctor ...? sayer ( pause ) sayer . I be curious if you . . . neurochemist after I be through , Dr. sayer . if you would not mind . sayer glance around the auditorium . everyone 's look at he . he grasp the offend hand and hold it in he lap with the other . 75 . int . auditorium lobby - later - afternoon 75 , refreshment on table . sayer , uncomfortable in he suit , wander around the crowded room with a glass of wine . he approach its hub of activity , the neurochemist surround by several impressed colleague , but can not manage to get close enough to speak with he . 76 . int . men' room , auditorium - later - afternoon 7 the neurochemist walk in and cross to the urinal . a moment later , he hear the door open , and footstep , and then nothing , until -- sayer o.s . do you think it 's possible that simple parkinsonian tremor take to its furthest extreme could appear as no tremor at all ? when no one answer , the chemist glance over he shoulder . sayer be there , quite alone , look at he . neurochemist be you speak to I ? sayer be . and really want to know the answer . the chemist zip up and move to the sink to wash he hand . sayer if jail the compulsion in the parkinson 's patient be somehow . accelerate - ( demonstrate what he mean ) - the hand , the shaking , the tics , the head bob , the quicken speech - ( he 's become a mass '' of tics and accelerate speech ) - might they not cave in on themselves and , in effect , turn the person into stone ? he come to a abrupt stop , he eye transfix like a post - encephalitic 's , stare . the chemist slowly dry he hand with a paper towel . neurochemist Dr. sayer , yes ? ( sayer nod ) I be a chemist , doctor . I leave it to you guy to do the damage . he drop the paper towel into the trash and leave 77 . ext . parking lot - bainbridge - morning 77 emerging from he car with some papers , Dr. Kaufman be ambush by sayer . .. rev.12/13/89 ( yellow ) pg . 77 .cont . sayer 77 . do you have a chance to look at any of the -. kaufman Freud believe in miracle . prescribe cocaine like it be candy . . . sayer have to hurry to keep up with he supervisor as he head toward the hospital . kaufman we all believe in the " miracle " of cortisone until we patient go psychotic on it . now it 's L - dopa . he hand over the papers - xerox article from medical journal and newspaper which sayer give he to read - and keep go , sayer straggling a few step back . sayer with all due respect , I think it 's rather too soon to say that . : kaufman with all due " respect , " it 's rather way too soon . let the chemist do the damage . the gap between they widen as sayer slow . he expect this sort of reaction from Kaufman , but have hope for another . Kaufman disappear into the building . 77a . int . kaufman' office - later - morning 77a the stack of papers drop onto Kaufman 's desk . the one on top read , new drug lets shaking palsy patient eat jell -o . sayer do you read the case - the husband who come home to find he wife sing . she have not feel like sing in year . Kaufman , on the phone , glance to sayer long - sufferingly , let he wait while he finish with he call , and eventually set down the receiver . rev.12/13/89 ( yellow ) pg . 77a . cont . kaufman 77a . I read they all . soberly . all thirty case have mild parkinson 's . you parky - if that 's what they be - have not move for decade . you know better than to make a leap like that , you want to believe there 's a connection , that do not mean there be one . sayer what I believe , what I know , be that this people be alive inside . kaufman how do you know ? because they catch tennis ball ? sayer I know it . sayer do not elaborate , but he tone be resolute . and it have the intend effect on Kaufman , cause he to consider the possibility that sayer could , somehow , know it as a fact . kaufman r..iiJi ! and what if this drug be to kill they ? sayer - ( right back ) &gt ; and what if this drug be to cure they ? somewhere behind Kaufman 's eye sayer can see , he think , a change , or reminiscence , long ago , long bury , of thing he once believe or want to believe . kaufman how many do you think I ' d let you put on it ? sayer all of they ... some of they ... one of they . . . kaufman one . with the family 's consent . sign . sayer try to hide he elation and turn to leave before Kaufman change he mind . rev.12/13/89 ( yellow ) pg.46 77a . cont . kaufman 77a . sayer - sayer turn . he be almost to the door . he have almost make * it out . kaufman that " immense " project of yours . the myelin ? the worm ? when that fail , what be the reaction of you lab supervisor ? · sayer think about lie , but sense Kaufman know the answer * already and just want to hear he say it . so he do : sayer he ask I to leave . . Kaufman nod like , just check . and - kaufman . good luck . sayer leave . 78 . int . mrs . lowe's apartment - night 78 . : a standard consent form and pen on a kitchenette table . two coffee cup . one use tea bag . sayer people with ordinary parkinson 's Disease sometimes complain that they have " lose they grace . . . " ( he pick up a cup with a shaking hand ) they have to think about the thing we just do . . . ( with great " trouble " he set it down ) it have to do with a chemical in the midbrain , or rather the lack of it , call dopamine . l- dopa replenishes this dopamine , make it possible for this patient to move more naturally . he pick up the cup again , gracefully , and set it down . mrs . lowe Leonard have parkinson 's Disease ? q rev.12/13/89 ( yellow ) 78.cont . sayer no . no , he symptom ... be like parkinson ... and then again they be not . she do not understand what he mean ; there 's no reason why she should . mrs. lowe ( pause ) then what will this medicine dp . for he ? sayer I do not know what it will do for he , if anything . mrs . lowe what do you think it will do ? sayer I do not know . mrs . lowe what db&lt ; you hope it will do ? rev . 10/13/89 p.47 sayer I hope it will bring he back from wherever he be . ( o mrs . lowe to what ? sayer to the world . mrs. lowe ( pause ) what 's here for he after all this year ? ' sayer you be here . she ponder that and the enormity of the whole situation , all the while stare at the consent form . 79 79 . int . pharmacy , bainbridge - day the hospital pharmacy , a subterranean structure build into the basement , cluttere from floor to ceiling with medicine . Ray , the pharmacist , dip into a bag of powder . he spoon some out onto a scale and look to sayer to tell he the dosage . sayer I have no idea . what do you say we ease into it with ... what , '' . fifty milligram ? Ray begin to measure five milligram . sayer let 's say a hundred . Ray shrug ; it 's okay with he . he knife at the powder , remove all but 100 milligram . 80 . int . leonard dayroom - day 80 Leonard , sphinx - like in he wheelchair , he mother by he side . sayer , stir the l-dopa into a paper cup of orange juice . miss costello , in the doorway , watch . sayer hand the glass to Mrs. lowe . v ( note : consult with Sacks on this ; may need the content of a ' * capsule emptied into the cup ) - ' - ' rsv . 10/13/89 p.48 sayer Leonard ? you mother 's go to give you some juice . there 's medicine in it which be why it may taste more bitter than usual . sayer glance to Mrs. lowe . it 's as if they have rehearse it all . she hold the glass to she son 's lip and gradually drain the liquid down he throat . nothing immediately happen , of course , but they all , with the exception of Leonard , look as if they expect it to . Mrs. lowe hand the empty glass back to sayer . and they all wait . 81 . int . the pharmacy , later - day 81 . Ray measure out another 100 milligram dose . ray maybe the acid in the orange juice , neutralize it . sayer or maybe it 's not enough . . * · ^·· , - N . Ray toss sayer a look that say , " do not push it . " sayer '' 0 " n od 's . · . " '· " sayer I will try it in milk . 82 . int . leonard be ward - night 82 . a empty milk glass on a night table . " Leonard , in he wheelchair , in pajamas , still and silent under * the painting of the boat . his mother , sayer and miss costello watch and wait while around * they nurse atid orderly hoist other patient into bed . 83 . int . the pharmacy - day 83 . Ray scrape powder from the scale into a pharmaceutical funnel which take it down onto a miniature glass dish . handing the dis h to say er -- ; ray five hundred milligram . rev . 10/13/89 p.49 84 . int . leonard dayroom - day 84 . another empty milk glass . Leonard , stoic , or so it seem , in he wheelchair . his mother and sayer and miss costello wait for a movement , a change of expression , a sign of any kind that something be happen inside he . but there 's nothing . . . 85 . int . bainbridge - night 85 . a corridor . Mrs. lowe be leave . sayer be with she , see * she to the door . sayer I will call if there 's any change . mrs . lowe yes . neither really know what else to say except for good night . she leave . 86 . int . leonard be ward - night 86 . sayer and miss costello lift Leonard out of he wheelchair and into he bed . miss costello I be go home too . if you need I . · * sayer yes , I will call . they nod " good night " at T each other and miss costello leave . sayer slump into Leonard 's wheelchair . l and wait . 87 . int . the pharmacy - night 87 . Ray have gonejhome , too . sayer , alone in the pharmacy , measure out 1000 milligram , ten time the original dose . 88 . int . leonard be ward - night 88 . sayer at Leonard 's bedside , hold the glass to Leonard 's lip , drain the liquid into he , all of it . 89 . int . leonard be ward - later - night . 8 sayer asleep in the wheelchair . he stir . wake . and take a moment to remind himself where he be . and why . his eye narrow , uncomprehend . Leonard 's bed be empty . 9 90 . int . dayroom - later - night a claw of a hand drag a crayon across a sheet of paper . tight on sayer , frame in a doorway , as still and silent and entrance as a post-encephalitic . his perspective of the dayroom -- desert except for a figure , a patient , Leonard , hunch over the table . as sayer cross toward he , Leonard 's head slowly rise . sayer sit opposite he and they consider each other in silence for several moment . Leonard struggle to speak , to form word . they come out in a halting cadence , flat , without inflection , and be only barely . recognizable as word : . leonard it 's quiet . sayer it 's late . everyone 's asleep·&gt ; leonard I be not asleep ? sayer no . you be awake . though he nod , it 's unclear whether Leonard realize how significant that be . sayer gesture at the piece of paper beneath Leonard 's hand . sayer May I ? sayer draw the paper across the table . it 's cover with what seem imponderable hieroglyphic-like scrawl . but there be order in the chaos . letter . Leonard 's name . leonard I . 91 . int . examination room - dawn 91 alone in the room , Leonard move slowly around it , feel thing : the smoothness of the cabinet glass / the warmth throw by a desk lamp , water from the cooler splash onto he hand . sayer o.s. Leonard ? Leonard turn to sayer 's voice with a expression of child - like , wonder on he face . sayer you mother be here . she appear in the doorway of the room . she 's do she hair , she face , she 's put on a nice dress , yet she remain unprepare for this reunion . she can do nothing but stare at she " infant son " who be now , " suddenly , " a man . as he slowly cross toward she , she be strike by the fact she must look u£ in order to meet he eye . he reach she . reaches out to she . and she embrace he . 92 . int . corridor - morning .92 . : a corridor crowded with patient in wheelchair with nowhere to go and nothing much to do . miss costello my name be Elizabeth . it 's a '' pleasure to meet you . Leonard , stand , reach for she hand and struggle to pronounce she name correctly . Fighting to keep from cry in front of he , miss costello glance to sayer and Mrs. lowe . 93 . 9.3 . int . another corridor - morning miss costello , flanke by sayer and Mrs. lowe , watch as Leonard extend he hand to the " card play nurse . " margaret how do you do , sir ? my name be Margaret . leonard Margaret . of 94 . int . another corridor - morning 9 Margaret have join the " tour , group " and introduce Leonard to the " music orderly . " they shake hand . leonard Fernando . how be you ? fernando great , man . how're you ? leonard great , too . 9 95 . int . the pharmacy - morning Fernando be along for the ride and watch Leonard shaking Ray the pharmacist 's hand . ray how do you do , Mr. lowe ? leonard ! good , sir . 95 95a . int . cafeteria kitchen - morning the cook and kitchen worker around Leonard and he entourage , shaking he hand . &gt ;. . 96 . int . staff cafeteria - later - day 9 a tray of truly awful cafeteria food . the group , minus sayer and miss costello , watch Leonard dip a fork into some mush - like concoction and manipulate it , with difficulty , to and into he mouth . he seem amaze by its flavor . leonard it 's delicious . fernando I would not go that far , Len . sayer and miss costello , at another table , glance over to the other who be all laugh . sayer smile . miss costello I do not think I could deal with lose 3d year of my life . I can not even imagine it . rev . 10/13/89 p.53 sayer 's smile fade . the possibility that Leonard might not have realize the extent of the passage of time have not , until this moment , occur to he . he stare blankly at miss costello . miss costello he do realize it , do not he ? sayer nod uncertainly . sayer he must . 97 . 97 . int . examination room - later - day ( note : consult sack on this scene : ) sayer demonstrate a clap motion . Leonard repeat it more slowly but with decent motor control . sayer splendid . sayer make a note . they be alone in the examination room which , like most of the hospital , have little in it to indicate that it be not the 1930' . sayer can I see you walk the length of the room ? * Leonard walk slowly across the room past the perception test and note and Polaroid clutter the wall . come back , he pause . he 's look at a picture of himself tape there . sayer watch he slowly reach he hand to he face to feel he feature . he stare at the photograph of himself , try to comprehend that which can not be comprehend . he 's not younjg anymore . 98 . 98 . omitted 99 . int . leonard be ward - night 99 . sayer and Mrs. lowe at Leonard 's bedside . re V. 10 / 1 3 / 89 p .54 L eo N ar D I ' m af be be d to cl os e m y ey e 's . . . if ( y\ I close my eye . . . he hesitates , as if say it may make the fear more real . sayer . . . you will sleep . and when you wake up in the morning , it will be the next morning . I promise . sayer 's smile try to assure they both that it will happen just that way . he excuse himself , leave Leonard with he mother , join miss costello by the door and glance back . Mrs. lowe be stroking Leonard 's head as she hum a lullaby . 100 . int . room adjacent to examination room - morning 100 . sayer come in with some book , set they on miss costello 's desk and cross to a closet . sayer I do not sleep , do you ? miss costello do it look like it ? . sayer hang up he jacket and slip into a lab coat . sayer do you know if Leonard 's awake ? v she smile and point toward the adjoin examination room . 101 . int . the examination room - morning 101 . shower and shave and groom and bright -ey , Leonard sit listen to he own heartbeat with sayer 's stethoscope . come in -- i sayer good morning . leonard good morning . . his speech be still rather flat , halting . , sayer be wait for I long ? leonard yes . rev . 10/13/89 p.55 sayer smile . he hand Leonard the book . History book . a almanac . sayer some thing have happen while you have be away . I think you would be interested . Leonard open one carefully , reverently , and begin read from it to himself . sayer you do not have to read they now , Leonard . they be yours . at you leisure . Leonard close the book but hold onto it and the other like they be gold . leonard I use to read quite a lot . . before . sayer i yes , I know . . leonard thank you for this . i . sayer nod that he 's welcome . sayer have you think about what you would like to do today ? leonard everything . sayer ( smile ) I be not sure I can arrange that . leonard try. sayer smile again . for a man who just yesterday learn he have be cheat out of the great " - part of he life , Leonard seem to have recover extraordinarily . sayer let 's approach it this way . what . " . x do you think you would like to do . 1j first ? .. · rev . 10/13/89 p.55a ( continuity only ) leonard I would like to go outside . 101a . ext . bainbridge hospital - day 101a sayer and Leonard emerge from the hospital and move under tree along a path toward the parking lot . at a point , the doctor realize he patient be no longer at he side ; he 's several step back , feel the sunshine on he skin . 102 . ext . parking lot , bainbridge - morning 102 ( p\ though it be only a Toyota , its dashboard , to Leonard , resemble something out of Jules verne . he allow sayer to buckle he seatbelt for he and watch with fascination as sayer perform the " complex " preparatory sequence necessary , apparently , to make the car go . the car pull away . above , frame in a second story window of one of the building , stand a lone figure look out -- Leonard 's mother . 103 . int . sayer be car - moving - morning 103 tight on the radio . sayer switch it on . to Leonard 's amazement , classical music fill the interior and continue over : 104 . ext . the bronx - moving shot - morning 104 billboards advertising color television and electric shaver . bus which have grow over the decade to a behemoth scale . " ultra -modern " housing project and gas station . " futuristic " car . Leonard cannot imagine a more enthrall re-introduction to the world and stare at it all with wonder . everywhere he look there be something " extraordinary . " leonard what a wonderful place the bronx have become . the music continue over : '' ' * 105 . int / ext . new york botanical garden - day 105 a rise . , Leonard put he face close to it to appreciate its fragrance . he touch its petal gently , explore they , and be quietly astonished by the tactile sensation . sayer watch . he , too , can appreciate wonder of the real world , especially that of a botanical nature , but not with , the purity or intensity Leonard can . pull back reveal they in the middle of a vast garden of countless thousand of rose . 106 . int . sayer be car - moving - day 106 Leonard turn the radio dial from the classical station to another play a very different kind of music , and listen to it bemuse but intrigue . it 's John Lennon sing " a day in the life " and it continue over : 107 . ext . park - the bronx - later - day 107 Children play flag-football on a expanse of grass . dog run around , nanny with pram , lover . a disk , a frisbee , fall at Leonard 's foot . he retrieve it but have no idea what it be or what to do with it . sayer demonstrate the wrist action with a invisible one . Leonard do not get it . sayer take it from he and fling it pathetically not halfway back to its owner . the music continue over : 108 . ext . STREET corner joint - the bronx - later - day 108 . Leonard watch with interest a carvel ice cream machine . he and sayer be hand cone and Leonard 's attention move to a girl wear a unbelievably short skirt . her boyfriend stare at Leonard . sayer try to pull he charge 's attention elsewhere . Leonard , finally , glance away , up , to a sound overhead . the music continue over : 109 109 . ext . kennedy airport - day a 747 roaring down a runway . at the edge of it , it lift off and thunder over sayer and Leonard and the park Toyota . exhilerate , Leonard wave . the music continue over : 110 . omitted 110 111 . ext . the bronx / CITY island - day 111 a expressway . the Toyota travel at " astounding " speed , pass a sign that read CITY island . r!v. 10/13/89 p.58 boat and fish market and lush vegetation . paradise compare to the bronx . the Toyota turn down a side road near the water t and into the driveway of sayer 's small wooden house . with '.·. . ' and the mus ic end . 112 . int . sayer' kitchen / dine room - day 112 . tea bag steeping in a pot on a cluttere kitchen counter . sayer , exhaust from the day , hunt in vain through pack box on the floor for cracker , cookie , something he can offer he guest . he keep glance in at Leonard , who 's wander around the dining room , navigate around pack box , to browse at the spine of book . notice sayer watch - leonard you just move here . sayer yeah . well , five year ago . , sayer shrug , disappear into the kitchen a moment . . . before ; peek back in to see what Leonard be look at now : a small i frame photograph of a boy with a toy sailboat and a forlorn expression pose in front of a curtain ; the boat obviously a photography studio prop . leonard you son ? sayer I , actually . ' , , " t leonard ( look closely at ' the photograph ) you seem uncomfortable . sayer I probably be . sayer disappear into the kitchen again . and a moment later . glance back in around the door frame at Leonard who have move over to a old sideboard on which several pair of glass be neatly arrange . · /· sayer each have a specific purpose . rev . 10/13/89 p.59 as Leonard consider each pair of glass ... sayer that be my normal interior glass . and spare pair . that , I wear outside . two pair , in case I los.e one . that , that be my daytime read glass . and spare . that be for close work . for fine print . that be my nighttime read glass - Leonard 's examine the frame of this last pair closely . sayer that 's heavy - gauge metal so when I fall asleep and roll over on they I do not wreck they . they be indestructible . Leonard return the indestructible one to they proper place and consider they all together . sayer as long as I pretty much know ahead of time what I will be look ' at , it work out , I do not have to carry all five pair around . leonard what if you just want to go for a walk ? sayer ( pause ) walk be a problem . walk be the hardest thing . you just never know . he 's absolutely serious , like a man plague for year by a imponderable dilemma . he retreat back into he kitchen before reappearing again with the pot of tea , two mismatch cup and some saltine % on a tray . sayer I hope you will forgive the inelegant presentation . I do not entertain much . ·/ · . 113 . 113 . int . sayer' live room - day they have clear place on the sofa and chair and sit there q sip they tea . * rev . 10/13/89 p.60 sayer I can date my interest in science precisely , actually . I would be * send off to board school - a place perhaps not quite as dickensian as I remember it - when I happen to come across the periodic table of element . ( smile at the think ) I memorize it . which I admit be a rather precocious thing for a seven year old to do . and I remember feel . . . not so much a sense of accomplishment . . . as comfort . the halogen be what they be . the alkali metal be what they be . each element have its place , and nothing could * change that . they be secure , no * matter what . * Leonard nod , perhaps more out of politeness than * understanding . sayer nod too , feel , perhaps , a little * expose . leonard : you be not marry . * it seem to sayer a non sequitor . * sayer no . he smile . sip he tea . silence except for the tick of a * clock somewhere . then , very matter of factly - sayer I be not terribly good with people . I like they . I wish I could say I have more than a rudimentary understanding of they . ( pause ) maybe if they be less unpredictable . . . he shrug . silence again . leonard Eleanor would disagree with you . * sayer stare at he blankly . he do not seem to know who " eleanor11 be . . * rev.10/13/89 p.61 sayer -~ Eleanor ? ^r * leonard miss costello . sayer oh , yes , of course . ( uneasy ) she 's speak to you about I ? Leonard nod . sayer can not imagine why , nor what she might have say . fearing the worst -- sayer what would she say ? leonard ' that you be a kind man . that you care very much for people . sayer shift in he chair uncomfortably . a. leonard but you mean normal people . sayer seem at a loss as to how to respond . the accompany / till * * ) silence grow awkward . 7 sayer we should be get back . sayer cross over to the sideboard , to the pair of glass , stare at they for several moment , and pick up two pair . 114 . omitted 114 114a . ext . parking lot - bainbridge - day 114a . climb out of he car , Kaufman see sayer stride toward he . he glance to the sky , Kaufman , to God , and silently complain to him . ' 4 115 . int . staff cafeteria , bainbridge - later - day 115 cafeteria worker carting serve trays back to the kitchen . nurse and orderly and office worker at table with finish ' meal and cup of coffee . they seem unaware of drs. sayer and Kaufman at a table near the door . kaufman z^ when you say expensive , what be we talk about ? < d < = " " b= " " sayer= " " > to put they all on the dosage Mr. lowe be on . . . about twenty thousand dollar . Kaufman stare at sayer aghast . he know L - dopa be expensive , but not that expensive . he manage to recover somewhat . kaufman that would be for how long ? sayer about a month . kaufman a month ? sayer nod . Kaufman glance away . stare blankly at face at other table . back to sayer . kaufman I can not go before the board with that . I could . . . he laugh to himself at the futility of it . sayer I be think of speak to the patron . kaufman the few patron this hospital have give what they can . sayer well , we would have to convince they to give more than they *re accustom to give . he have not intend as impudent a tone as that which come out . more calmly ~ sayer perhaps if they see Mr. lowe . . .;. ·· - ; ' ..'· ' ' : '. :.. ;. . , .- , ' · ' " ' · · ' · : kaufman I think you overestimate the effect Mr. lowe have on people . we be talk about money here . Kaufman sip at he coffee and slowly become aware of the silence around they . no one be talk . he glance up as miss costello walk by set something on the table in front of he . she leave the cafeteria without a word . CD Kaufman glance down . she have leave a bainbridge payroll check ) \cz&gt ; make out in she name . Kaufman turn it over . she have endorse it back to bainbridge Hospital . Fernando walk by and out , leave he salary check on the table . then Ray , the pharmacist , leave he . then the nurse who reluctantly read " moby Dick " to the patient . then a cafeteria worker . a secretary . a clerk . a janitor . the cafeteria be soon empty , except for sayer and Kaufman . Long silence . 116 . int . board room - night 116 8 mm film of Leonard before l- dopa -- a wide shot of he absolutely motionless in he wheelchair . sayer o.s. there be extreme rigidity of the axial musculature . . . only vague available motion in the neck . . . no voluntary movement in the limb . . . a tight shot of Leonard 's entrance face appear on the screen . sayer o.s. perhaps most strike be the profound facial mask -- which we now know should not have be confuse with apathy . * tight on sayer , the light from the projector flicker on he face . sayer virtually aphonic , Mr. lowe could articulate no word , but rather only , with considerable effort , a occasional noise , a kind of , " h .. . " a · in the darkness sit Kaufman , the rest of the board of director , some elderly patron of the hospital , and , near sayer , miss costello . she hand he a scribble note . " less scientific " it read . sayer isolate circumstance -- the mention of he name , note of particular piece of music , the touch of another human be -- manage on occasion to briefly summon he , but this awakening be rare and transient , last only a moment or two . sayer glance to miss costello . she nod , " good , that 's better . " sayer the rest of the time he remain in a profoundly eventless place ~ deprive of all sense of history and happen and self -- encyst , cocoon , envelop in this metaphorical if not physiological equivalent of sleep . . . or death . tight on the screen , on Leonard , as he be . look more like a photograph of a man than a motion picture of one . sayer this be he condition when first see by I in a remote bay of this hospital . and the quality of he life for the last 30 year . the " before picture " of Leonard on the screen be replace with the " after " -- he eye alert , he hand explore a desk microphone . he glance up and off at something . leonard ( film ) now ? sayer' voice whenever you be ready . leonard ( film ) my name be Leonard lowe . it have be explain to I that I have be away for . . . quite some time . . . he seem to withdraw , to wrestle with the think , to try to somehow come to term with it , to somehow resolve it . he nod as he find within himself some source of strength and look directly at the camera . leonard ( film ) I be back . 117 . int . board room , later - night 117 the light be on , the screen roll up , the board member and patron visibly move , almost shake , and silent . eventually one of the patron , a old woman , reach into she purse for she checkbook and a pen . another patron , a elderly man , pull a checkbook and pen from a inside jacket pocket . another already have hers out in front of she ... sayer and miss costello exchange a glance . the room be absolutely silent , except for the mute scratch of pen on paper . 118 . 118 . int . the pharmacy - day the raw L - dopa powder , 20,000 dollar worth , have arrive . it sit on a pharmacy counter in large clear bag . sayer and Ray peer between rack of medicine at two teenage girl and two very old man chat in a corner of the pharmacy . ray they be volunteer from the : neighborhood . sayer wonderful . v 119 . 119 . omitted 120 . int . leonard dayroom - day 120 . several empty medicine paper-cup . the " garden of stone , " reassemble . sayer know better than to sit and wait , that nothing be go to immediately happen , but he sit and wait anyway . as do miss costello . as do Leonard and he mother . 121 . int . staff room - night . 121 sayer asleep on a couch that 's too short for he . miss costello asleep on another . voice Dr. sayer ? sayer wake to find a night nurse stand over he . sayer what be it ? ry ( continuity only ) 121 . cont . 121 . night nurse it 's a miracle . 121a . int . corridor - night 121a . i they move along a silent corridor that seem to stretch out forever -- the doctor , the two nurse -- carry themselves professionally , with sobriety and restraint . but as they near the ward , as they be join by other , other nurse , orderly , they step and heart quicken . they break into a trot . 122 . 122 . int . leonard be ward - moment later - night they appear at the threshold , sayer , miss costello , the night nurse , the other , and peer into the darken room : in the quiet , in the shadow , in the moonlight filter in through the window , the post - encephalitics be emerge from they " cocoon , " rise from the " dead " like lazarus from the earth , reborn . move slowly past the bed : a figure rediscover the feel of she skin ; another , the sound of he breath ; another , ' the beat of she heart . a figure still asleep . . . wake . and for the first time in nearly half a century see herself in the world . tight on sayer , on the look of awe on he face as he stare at the scene go on in the darken ward . his glance find Leonard who be sit up in he bed , smile . 123 . int . leonard dayroom - day 123 , tight on Lucy 's face , deep in think , lose in think . after several moment of silence , she speak - . , : , · . :... . ,. lucy V . .· * .-.. . . . . I just have the strapgest dream . . . a cacophony of off - screen voice - from a radio , the television , and the awaken post - encephalitics themselves - rise up as another woman , Miriam , move past Lucy 's face . we follow she , as do a nurse with a blood pressure guage on wheel . , 11 / b/ a ) tireen pg 123.cont . nurse 12 Miriam , please , I - ( have to check you blood pressure - ) miriam ( interrupt ) I have be sit for 25 year , you miss you chance . Miriam and the nurse trail after she pass in front of a man * with no English ( josef ) try to explain something to a couple of orderly . one to the other - . orderly 1 you be italian , he 's italian , what 's the problem ? orderly 2 I be bear here - X do not speak · italian . nearby , another man . this one do speak English - bert I want a steak , rare . I want mashed potato and gravy , string bean , a slice of pie and a ' chocolate phosphate . Anthony turn away with the tray he just bring in - broth , jello and juice - and carry it away , pass the " card play nurse , " Margaret . ANTHONY I think I prefer they the other way . have settle on Margaret : she smile , glance to " she " patient , Rose , who , stare at she reflection in a hand mirror , tug at she grey hair . rose and some dye . Black . margaret ( jotting down the request ) Black , be you sure ? rose and some clothes . . . my. clothes . i.1 / b/«y ) Green pg . 123.cont . - 123 sh e p ull 's at he be for ade d 's hape les 's d re 's with ith gre at dis dai no rose who put I in this ? a be wi lo er ed m a of n st if for l eg 's ( F RA NK ) wa lk 's by . fo will ow in g h im , we c at c h a gl i m ps e of a D u tc h will m a i n a wh e el c h be be , with i t h a nurse - mag da ... t he garden er , he mus t prune the fruit tree ... the rose . . . I think he 's forget . . . - be for or e se t t li n g of n m i 's 's C of st e will of wi t h a mar n wh of se e ms l os t in a with or lo of for hi 's ow n , h be he ad n od di no 's li gh to y t of mu si c fr om a n unseen radio . m I ss C os te ll o can n you 's pe ak to I , ro lan do ? ro lan do , it ' 's m iss co ste llo . C a yo u u noe rsta no I ? ap p a r e not l y n to . a fi g u be e bl u be 's pa 's t . a d a m om e n t la t e be , a oth er , t he nu rse with ith t he pr ess ure g auge , sti will tr ail ing af the be mi rie be . T he c ame rarr for ol low 's th they - nur SE Miriam ... Miriam . . . - befor e set tling on a man , Des mond , doin g a soft - shoe . Le on be d , a no a for ew of th e rs , wa tc h . fr a k bl you 's b y ag be n , p as se 's a with oman , fra ncis , sort of l ost , seat ed wi th a nurse : F rancis . . . I be aware of thing , but no thi no meat not a nyt hin g , the be with as no connection to I . ( vagu e recollec tion : ) there be a war . . . ( pailse ) ... or two . . . mi ss C os the will of no it ce 's F rarr no , st a di no n ea rb y , lo ok in g pu zz le d . m be S C os T EL lo F be a no ? a be e y of u al l be i gh t ? frank &lt ; m y wi fe a no 's on . a be th ey with el l ? xu / os &gt ; vau.bl&gt;£ nkud pg.6 123.cont . 123 . hiss costello find herself at a loss for a moment . . . miss costello we will find they for you . we will track they down . Lucy again , sayer still at she side . lucy . . . I call to my sister , but she could not hear I . no one could hear I . I be alone . . . ( pause ) and then I wake up . she smile . sayer try to . he hesitates ... but finally can not help ask she - · sayer Lucy , what year be it ? lucy what year be it ? you do not know ? he shake he head ' no . ' she glance around the place , then lean close to he and whisper - lucy · 26 . miriam o.s. doctori Doctor ! . * , sayer turn to the urgent voice , concerned , and see Miriam flanke by a large group of staff from other part of the hospital gather at the threshold of the room . miriam I walk all the way over there . and back . what a perfect day . the group at the doorway applaud , and it carry over : 123a . omitted 123a . 123b . int - corridor - same time - day 123b . * the corridor , and the sound of a woman 's voice , very faint , .* from somewhere unseen : * paula o.s. " . . . like crowd storming the * bastille ... * 124.-128 . omitted 124.-12 129 . int .' post-encephalitic dayroom - continued - morning 129 . sidney burst into the room out of breath and scan the face of the awaken post - encephalitics and staff . he spot sayer , seat with a woman , she back to he and the door . she slowly turn to look over she shoulder and , see sidney , smile . lolly hi , sidney . there 's a kind of hush . conversation , activity cease . everyone be look at sidney . not know what else to say , he manage a hesitant -- sidney hi. i he smile and cross toward she , but by the time he reach she the smile have disappear . something troubling have occur to he . he glance to sayer and whisper -- sidney be it real . . . or . . . sayer : as real as real can be . continued : for <j < b= " " >123b.cont . , 123b </ j></d> Leonard , move along the corridor with saver 's camera and tripod ( or look for something to read at the magazine table ) slow and listen : paula o.s. . . . the mighty Met storm 11 they locker room shortly after nine o'clock on they night to remember - he move toward the voice , trace it to a craft area , where a young woman be read from the sport page to a older man tie to he wheelchair . though it 's doubtful the man be even aware of she presence , she read to he as if she be , and in the process , draw Leonard into the sound of she word until there be no sound but she word : paula " released from bondage and ridicule after seven destitute season , they raise the roof of Shea Stadium - while they fan attempt to dismantle it - in one of the loudest , wildest victory celebration in baseball : history - " ._ the reverie be suddenly shattered , the real sound of the hospital rise back up , as sidney , wild with excitement , bang through the far door of the corridor . he sprint past the craft area , past Leonard , run the entire length of the corridor , and - 124-12 124-128 . omitted 129 . int . leonard dayroom - continued - day 1 sidney burst into the room out of breath and scan the face of the awaken post - encephalitics and staff . he spot sayer , seat with a woman , she back to he and the door . she slowly turn to look over she shoulder and , see sidney , smile . lolly hi , sidney . there 's a kind of hush . conversation , activity cease . everyone be look at sidney . not know what else to say , he manage a hesitant -- sidney hi . . x x / x u / of ; I V a U i i U &amp ; e mu U J r* g '' 129.cont . 129 he smile and cross toward she , but by the time he reach she the smile have disappear . something troubling have occur to he . he look to sayer and whisper -- sidney be it real ... or . . . sayer as real as real can be . sidney lower himself to he knee before lolly and , weep * quietly , rest he head on she lap . she stroke he head . fade to black 130 . int . corridor - another day 13 sidney and lolly emerge from the dayroom , follow by the other post-encephalitics . they be all wear suit and dress and walk with purpose past wheelchair - bound patient with " uninteresting " disease . as they wait for the elevator , Leonard wander slightly down the corridor to see if the girl be there again read in the craft area . the chair she be in be empty . 130a . int . elevator &amp ; corridor - moment later - day 130 the elevator door slide open revealing they . Paula , inside , hesitates : the sight be almost surreal . &gt ; as they crowd in , she wedge out , and down the hall , Leonard watch after she . ANTHONY Len - come on . Leonard step into the elevator , the last one in . 131 . ext . bainbridge - same day 13 they be go on a field trip . as they be escort onto a idling hospital bus , Leonard , outside it , try to reason with he mother : mrs . lowe sidney 's go . leonard he 's a patient , Mom . a3 mrs . lowe mrs . lowe C -j he 's not the same kind of patient . xx / xu / o y / V au J ju k NK U D p 131.cont . . 13 leonard he 's still a patient . you be not a patient . mrs . lowe I be you mother . Inside the bus , Miriam , anxious to leave , lean over the driver to honk the horn . Leonard kiss he mother on the cheek and turn away . mrs . lowe wait a minute . ( he turn back ) what on earth have you do to you hair ? he 's parte it , apparently , on the " wrong " side . she pull a comb from she purse , recomb it " correctly , " straighten he jacket lapel and step back . ' mrs . lowe there . leonard there 's you bus . . the public bus , behind she , come down the street . as she hurry to the corner , sayer climb down off the hospital bus . sayer ready ? * leonard I have decide not to go . he wave to he mother . sayer stare at he . leonard I be stay here . sayer why ? what 's wrong ? leonard nothing . Wave . he wave again to he mother ; she 's board the public bus . sayer do as he 's tell , wave too . impatient , Miriam honk the horn again . miriam ' ( _j ) let 's go , already . 131.c0nt . . 131 as the public bus pull away , Leonard pat sayer on the shoulder . leonard I will see you later , have a good time . he climb the hospital step and disappear inside , sayer stare after he . Miriam honk the horn again , and he climb aboard . the door hiss shut and driver turn to he . bus driver where to ? sayer suddenly realize he have no idea " where to . " he glance over he shoulder at the expectant face of the patient , all dress up with nowhere to go . it 's up to he . . . his face brighten ; he 's think of a good place . 132 132 . int . museum of natural history - new york - day move slowly toward a herd of still and silent elephant in a cavernous , darken room . as a nun count the head of parochial school child filing past the huge beast , miss costello count the head of the post-encephalitics . both come up short and glance frantically around . nun v ( call ) William ? miss costello ( call ) Dr. sayer ? 132a . int . another room - natural history museum - day 132a . a lifeless polar bear in a diorama " stare " out at sayer who 's peer in , intrigue . miss costello appear at he side . miss costello it 's very hard to keep everyone together , doctor . sayer have someone wander off ? miss costello you . ( rev.11/10/89 ) goldenrod pg . 132a.cont . 1 . , - &gt ; , she lead he away by the arm . CO . . 133 . int . sidney' dayroom - same day 13 a dayroom thick with inactivity . and the voice : paula o.s . " from the sleek skyscraper of Wall Street where a tickertape blizzard fill the sky . . . from the doorway , from a distance , Leonard watch Paula across the room with she father , read to he again from the newspaper : paula " . . . to the undistinguished bar of a hundred neighborhood , New York yesterday go pleasantly mad over the World Champion Met . . . ' · 133a . int . patient ' cafeteria - later - day 133 Paula move along the serve line with a tray . Leonard , next in line , move along with he tray , a little too close . he steal a glance . paula you follow I ? * startle and embarrassed , Leonard withdraw . paula I be kid . I be sorry . I see you upstairs . . . just now . Leonard nod without look at she . paula visit someone ? leonard no. · paula you work here . leonard I live here . ( rev.11/10/89 ) goldenrod pg.75 133a.cont . . 133 paula ( pause ) you be a patient ? he admit it with a nod , lag back again , and eventually dare * another glance at she . paula you do not look like a patient . leonard ( pause ) I do not ? she smile and shake she head ' no . 1 134 . 134 . int . patient ' cafeteria - later - day Leonard and Paula at a table . at other table be patient who do look like patient . paula I do not know if he know I visit he or not . I do not know that he know who I be . my mother do not think so . she do not ; come around any more -- leonard ( pause ) but you do . paula sometimes I think I see something . * I think I see a change . and for a * second , I see he like he be . . . * she smile at the memory of she father like he be . . . but then * it 's go and she smile fade . paula do that make any sense ? a slow nod from he . . . · * leonard 's yes. · * his tone be that of someone speak of a fact , rather than * offer a opinion . she study he . . . and eventually : * paula why be you here ? ( rev.11/10/89 ) goldenrod pg 134.cont . he do not know how to begin to explain it to she . leonard ( pause ) ' I receive medication . , she wait for more , but it do not come . only a smile . leonard , I be okay now . * - ' 135 . omitted 1 136 . int . natural history museum - another room - day 13 , . the post -encephalitics filing past still figure in African · , ceremonial costume and mask . 's nun o.s. ' " ' ( call ) William ? miss costello o.s. ( call ) Dr. sayer ? 136a . int . another room - natural history museum - day 136 a work display of a tide pool . Anthony 's reflection join sayer 's in the glass . sayer I have always love tide pool , have not you ? Anthony do not answer . he seem troubled . sayer what be it ? ANTHONY you choose this place ? ( sayer nod ) why ? sayer ( pause ) , I come here all the time . ANTHONY why ? ( rev.11/10/89 ) goldenrod pg. 136a.cont . . sayer glance away , see miss costello come . she look a little irritate . as she arrive - ti^ sayer miss costello , I think Anthony think they be bored . he say it like , have you ever hear anything so ridiculous ? miss costello they be . sayer , take aback , glance back to Anthony , whose look say , there you go . sayer I ' d think about the opera house . do you think they would prefer that ? ANTHONY the opera house ? sayer the botanical garden ? Anthony look to miss costello and roll he eye . sayer y5 ?. well , where else be there ? 137 . int . roseland - late afternoon roseland 's Big Band belting out " that Old Black Magic . " on the dancefloor , the post - encephalitics dance with one another amidst " normal " middle - age and older couple , all have a great time . at the bar , sayer try to get the attention of a young bartender busy mixing drink . watch , it slowly dawns on Rose that something be " wrong " here . more to herself - rose it 's legal again ? miss costello ( pause ) for some time now . Rose be delighted ; she can hardly believe it . she get the bartender 's attention . -( ) rose a Rob Roy on the rock . p 137.cont . . the young bartender have to think a moment . Rose turn back to watch the action on the dance floor . gesture to Rose , miss costello whisper to the bartender - miss costello a shirley Temple . 138 . int . lobby , bainbridge - late afternoon Leonard and Paula crossing toward the front door . she 's just chat but he 's take it seriously . paula thing happen , people be late . leonard they will not be angry . paula oh , they will be angry . what be they go to do , fire I ? he do not realize she 's not ask he . he have to shrug that he do not know . , paula _ : ( u*t I will just take the graveyard . her look to he say , right ? he have no idea what she mean , but finally nod in agreement . leonard okay . ] they be almost to the door . she offer she hand to he . paula ( pause ) bye . he shake the hand gently , let it go . leonard bye. paula thanks for talk to I . · she step away toward the door . leonard he know . ( rev.11/10/89 ) goldenrod pg.7 138.cont . 138 she glance back at he . she 's not sure what he mean . · leonard you father . he know you visit he . whether he 's say it just to be nice do not matter to she . it 's what she want to believe . she smile gratefully . * paula I will see you . she leave . 138a . 138a . omitted · 139 . int . roseland - later - evening 139 . the band in the middle of " you hade I Love you . " at the bar - rose be he betrothed , do you know ? miss costello do not know who she could possibly mean . she , - follow she sightline to the opposite wall , to a chair , to sayer sit alone . miss costello not that I know of . I kind of doubt it . Rose get up and cross toward sayer . see she come , he smile ... but the smile slowly begin to fade as she sing to he : rose you make I love you I do not want to do it · I do not want to do it . . . sing as she do it , she pull he out of he chair . embarrass , he resist , but she finally get on the dance floor . never more mortify in he life ( it seem as if everyone be watch ) he " dance . . . " and the band finish the song . ' ' ( " ) ( rev.11/10/89 ) goldenrod . pg.76 ( continuity only ) . 14 140 . omitted 141 . int .- corridor &amp ; leonard ward 14 returning from they night out , happy and satisfied , the post - encephalitics come down a quiet corridor , trail by they chaperon . pass the examination room , sayer hear faint type , and slow . 142 . int . examination room - moment later - night 14 sayer step into the room to find a figure hunch over he typewriter in a pool of lamplight . glancing over to the door , the figure be reveal to be Leonard . continued : 142 leonard " everybody have a good time ? Leonard do not wait for the answer , return to he type . sayer come closer . sayer what be you do ? he peer over Leonard 's shoulder to read what he 's type , and a slow smile cross he face . sayer v.o . " one - typewriter and write supplies in all dayroom at all time . . . 143 143 . int . board room - day drifting slowly across the face of Kaufman , the director and the other board member as sayer read to they from a typewritten sheet of paper -- sayer ; " . . . two - music and dance class for that patient who desire they . Three - technical course for that who wish to learn a trade . four - patient ' grievance committee . five - the same food in the patient ' cafeteria as in the staff 's . six . . . " and I happen to think this be a excellent idea , " the establishment of a permanent hospital library . and " Seven - television that work . " sayer set the paper down on the table -- sayer " respectfully , Leonard lowe . " -- and listen to the silence . it 's a long one . 144 . int . basement - bainbridge - day 144 . rumbling furnace . the boiler room . expose conduit and pipe and duct on the ceiling like tangle root of a enormous metal tree . ( rev.11/22/89 ) cherry pg 144.cont . I a subterranean corridor . desert except for sayer and Leonard < d < b= " " above= " " along= " " and= " " boiler= " " ducts= " " it .= " " moving= " " past= " " pipes= " " room .= " " the= " " they .= " " > 145 . int . basement operating theatre - day 1 </ d >