written by Kyle killen teaser ext . hillside - night a gentle slope . the city shimmer like a postcard below . peaceful . calm . silent . perfect . then - screeching tire . suddenly a car come crashing through the frame , a flipping blur of fly metal and breaking glass . and then it 's go . everything 's still , just as we find it . dr . lee ( v.o. ) so , tell I how it work . angle on the wreck car , close on the eye of MARK britten , unconscious , hang upside down by he seatbelt . we can hear the wheel still spinning helplessly in the air . britten ( v.o. ) I do not know . I close my eye . I open they . just like you . very slowly pull back from he eye until we see other passenger in the car : he wife ( hannah britten ) and a teenage son ( rex britten ) - more on they in a moment . they be also hang from they seatbelt , bloody and unconscious . dr . lee ( v.o. ) let 's just start at the beginning . suddenly , britten 's eye flutter open . he look around . as he take in he wife and son hang from they belt - smash to : int . dr . lee' office close on det. Mark britten , 40ish , handsome , heal , but a weight to he stare . he have rather not remember the beginning . britten no . let 's start at right now . reveal dr . lee , late 30 's , asian - american , a cerebral presence in a mute , calming , vaguely Zen environment . he make a note in he book then look back at britten . dr . lee very well . you be back to work ? britten yes . ext . lowen 's restaurant / bar - night britten , suit and tie , step through barricade hold back a crowd . as he do , det . richard vega , 30' , gregarious , the type of person who talk to stranger in elevator , step over . he 's the only one who seem excited to be at a murder scene . vega detective britten ! over here . dr . lee ( v.o. ) and they have get you work with a partner ? britten ( v.o. ) New guy . vega ; they just want someone to hold my hand until they know I be okay . int . dr . lee' office Lee lean on he finger and look at he . dr . lee and be you okay ? britten ( long beat ) yes . ext . lowen 's restaurant / bar - night there 's a cab with a shattered window , a dead driver slump behind the wheel . vega walk britten through the scene like a tour guide with a slight case of nerve . he refer heavily to he note . vega so ... the driver pick up a fare downtown , register this address with dispatch . um , he 's still get he wallet , and there 's a twenty on the seat beside he , so I think not only be it not a robbery , it look like the fare be actually pay . then , either the rider or someone else put a gun to the window , boom , boom , boom ... leave we this messy little mystery . britten witnesses ? vega nod proudly . he 's on that . he motion to a officer who bring over a witness , knit cap , 30 's , skinny , very polite . vega okay , so I have interview about thirt basically everybody come out of the bar when it happen . but this guy life in the apartment building above it , see from he window . witness after I hear the shot I look out , saw a man in a cowboy hat run that way , up the block , and then turn into that alley . thanks . i’ it Pet you know if I have other question . the Officer lead the witness away . as he go - — witness happy to help . vega turn to britten . vega exact same report from the bar witness , just_a little more chaos on the ground . guy in a cowboy hat run away , but no one close and no one who claim to have see the shoot . britten what do we know about the driver ? back to he note . vega right . driver. married . no kid . dispatcher say he be not the type to get in a argument . at this point nothing really suggest he should be dead except for the fact that he be . britten survey the scene . look past the crowd at the barricade and notice the building across the street . britten Building look like it 's get a secure front door . let 's see if they have get a camera on it . might have catch something we can use . vega smile , stare at he a beat . britten ( cont 'd ) what ? vega I just , um ... want to thank you . britten for what ? vega I get pass over for detective three time before this assignment . I be pretty sure I only get the boost because you request I . I just want you to know I , uh ... I will not disappoint you . britten 's start away . britten I do not request anyone . if you get promote it 's because they do not want to waste anyone else 's time baby -sitting I . as vega take that in - dr . lee ( v.o. ) and then what ? britten ( v.o. ) I go home . int . britten 's house - night it 's a modest but homey craftsman bungalow that look a million mile from murder investigation . as britten step in , he wife , hannah , the woman from the wreck , late 30 's , stun , warm , look down from a ladder where she 's repaint a wall . she smile . hannah perfect . just in time to help I clean up . he look at the dropcloth , brushes , paint . britten | maybe it 's time to just embrace the mess . int . dr . lee' office Lee be make note . dr . lee do she start redoing the house after the accident ? britten after the funeral . DR. lee ( nodd ) that 's a common reaction . we all look for way to start fresh . have she get to you son 's room ? int . britten be house - rex's room britten open the room . typical teenage chaos with a odd sense of be freeze in amber . he stare at it . britten ( v.o. ) no . I be not sure she 's even be in it yet . int . britten 's house - mark bedroom - night britten crawl into bed next to Hannah , who 's asleep . he give she a kiss on the cheek , lay back , close he eye . close on he eye as we hear dr . stephanie evan . dr . evan ( v.o. ) and then ? CUT to : int . britten 's house - MARK 's bedroom - morning britten open he eye . britten ( v.o. ) I wake up . he look beside he . his wife be not there . he look down at he wrist . there 's a GREEN rubber band around it . dr . evan ee what 's the purpose of the rubber band ? ; britten ( v.o . sometimes it get confusing . they just help I keep thing straight . int . britten 's house - hallway - morning britten pull on he coat as he step into the hall . then , post as he pass he son 's door , it suddenly open and into the hall come rex britten , the other passenger from the wreck , 15 , tall , good look , and only moderately awake . britten do not seem at all surprised to see he . britten Morning . rex simply emit a half awake grumble . int . britten 's house - kitchen - morning britten and rex eat cereal , watch sportscenter . not a lot of chatter , but britten seem unsure how to change that . a car outside honk . rex jump up , grab a large tennis bag , stuff in a extra racquet . rex that 's Aaron . I gotta go . britten what about the uh ... the match . rex stop . rex what about it ? britten do you want I there ? rex shrug . rex whatever you think . he start out . / britten wait . britten stand , walk over , hug the boy . rex more endure than reciprocate . britten do not care . he just hold on . int . dr . evan 's office - day reveal dr . stephanie evan , late 20 's , attractive , with all the eagerness of someone new enough to she job to still love it . her office be modern but not stark . she take no note . instead , she tend to smile and tilt she head as she listen , as if every answer be right . dr . evan and you say the tennis be new ? britten sort of . his mom be very good . play in college . she teach he . he use to play until he discover football . dr . evan but he 's decide to take it up again . since the funeral . britten nod . dr . evan ( cont ’d ) ( smile ) great . what else ? int . baker house - morning britten step into a murder scene . two body , tom and irene baker be laid out , stab , blood everywhere . vega walk toward britten , but then simply nod curtly and walk by as if they barely know each other . instead we hear the voice of det . isaiah FREEMAN ( ' bird 's ) bird ( 0.c . ) you see this coffee maker ? britten turn to see bird , African - american , 50 's , salt and epper hair and a air of have see it all , twice . he indicate a complicated coffee maker on the counter . bird ( cont ’d ) my ex always want one of this . told she she want a six hundred dollar coffee maker she should not have marry a police . ( beat ) we eventually agree on that . ( be : the scene ) tell I what you see , I ’1ll tell you what you miss . britten survey the mess . britten husband and wife victim ? Bird be play with the coffee machine , but nod . britten ( cont ’d ) multiple stab wound , some sign that they put up a fight . bird also some sign that they lose . britten no wallet or purse ? bird go , along with one of the car . BMW britten so what , just a home invasion that turn messy ? Bird stare at the coffee maker . bird why I have avoid success at all cost . work you whole life to get some nice stuff just so someone can kill you for it . britten look around , notice picture on the wall . many show a young girl with the couple . Bird pick up on this . bird ( cont 'd ) no sign of the little girl . check with friend , family , hope someone tell we she be not ome . int . baker house - girl 's bedroom britten walk into a nexus of twilight poster and the color pink . begins to poke around . Bird wait in the doorway . britten open the closet , stop . britten you smell that ? bird I have be nursing a cold since the Carter administration . britten lean into the closet , kneel , poke he head into the corner . sniff . when he come out - britten girl be here when it happen . bird how do you know ? britten because she hide in the closet and piss she pants . either she run when the killer leave or he - bird what I get for hope . Bird turn , shout to the officer in the other room - — bird ( cont ’d ) boy ! New deal ! as Bird start to give order , britten look back at the closet . off he expression - DR. evan ( v.o. ) and this have be happen since the accident ? int . dr . evan 's office britten look at she . britten yes . dr . evan fascinating . ( reign it in ) not to be insensitive , it 's just ... we brain 's main function be to protect we . sometimes that mean sense danger or feel pain . and sometimes it actually mean deceive ourselves . ( to explain ) the {38s of a love one be one of the most emotionally crippling thing we face . we come up with all sort of way to get through it . like you son take up he mother 's sport to maintain some sense of connection with she . but you brain ... it 's create a entire reality where i¥ou have not actually lose you wife at all . int . dr . lee' office Dr. Lee be in the middle of a similar think . dr . lee a elaborate and ongoing dream in which you have not lose you son , relieving you of the ob igation of deal with he death . I be not sure I have ever see a cope mechanism quite like it . britten look at he . a beat . britten how do you know it 's a dream ? dr . lee I be sorry ? britten how do you know that the world where my wife die and my son live be my dream ? maybe that 's reality , and this world , where my wife live and my son die , be the dream . 10 . int . dr . evan 's office Dr. Evans look genuinely surprised . dr . evan wait . you mean you can not tell they apart ? britten shake he head . she 's practically giddy . dr . evan ( cont ’d ) incredible . int . dr . lee' office Lee look incredulous . dr . lee oxen be say you be not eon ident whether you be asleep or awake at this very moment ? britten look at the rubber band on he arm . it 's blue . britten everything feel just as real in one world as it do in the other . I never look down and discover I be naked , or late for a test . never suddenly start to fly . whether I be with my wife or my son , everything be completely normal . then I close my eye , open they , and the other one 1s wait . a long beat . Dr. Lee make a note . dr . lee well , I can assure you , detective britten , this be not a dream . britten can not help but smile . dr . lee ( cont 'd ) what ? britten that 's exactly what the other psychiatrist Said . end of teaser 11 . act one int . police department - day britten and vega be scan through the security camera footage . as a cab roll into frame - britten whoa . right there . they let it play . vega could hardly ask for a better angle . a skinny man in a cowboy hat open the rear door , hand a twenty to the driver , then get out . he take a step and then turn and fire three shot through the window , ling the driver . then he look directly at the camera , and tip he hat before run away . vega and britten look at each other , surprised . vega ( cont 'd ) wow . part murder , part performance piece . britten rewind , watch the shoot again , then the polite hat tip . the killer 's hat be low , he sunglass large . britten disguise do not give us_a lot to go on . let 's pull 'a still and put it out to all the local - suddenly a officer anxiously stick he head in . officer detective ? we have get another one . britten another what ? officer Dead cabbie . off britten and vega exchange a look - ext . pedestrian shopping mall - day britten and vega step through the large crowd to find a cab drive up on the curb and into a pole outside a bustling outdoor shopping mall , driver slump behind the wheel . as they take it in , a officer step up , gesture . 12 . officer cab pull up . door open . Three loud bang . everyone scatter , the driver manage to run up on the sidewalk until he smack into this pole . he turn back to the crowd of people . officer ( cont 's ») everyone report see a overweight man , heav eard , glass , some kind of ball cap , walk away from the scene . head straight into the crowd and then ... disappear . Bird step up . bird no heros today boy , just a hundred something witness who can not wait to tell you they story . over and over and over . he tear some sheet out of he notebook , hand they to britten with a smile . bird ( cont 'd ) still happy you come back ? as Bird go britten stare at he . it 's weird , switch partner . vega do not seem sorry to see Bird go . vega ( mutter ) burnout . off britten 's look - vega ( cont 'd ) sorry . just ... I work my ass off to get the same job he sleepwalk through . britten maybe he just know where to spend he energy . britten turn back to the cab , follow a line of sight to the top of a pole across the way . on top - a camera . britten ( cont 'd ) . wanna take a guess what we be go to see ? int . pedestrian shopping mall - security office britten , vega , and a mall security officer be gather around the small bank of monitor . they focus on one as - 13 . a cab pull up . the door open . a overweight man in a trucker hat start to get out , and as he do , fire three shot through the backseat . the cab lurch forward . as people panic , the overweight man look right at the camera , doff he cap , and then walk on . britten freeze the tape on the suspect , the face disguise behind the beard and coke bottle glass , almost useless . britten I 'il take this back to the lab , see if they can enhance it . vega what should I do ? britten do not Bird say something about a hundred witness to interview ? off vega 's fade expression - int . dr . lee' office - day Dr. Lee look up from he note . dr . lee what do you wife say about you condition ? britten ( beat ) we do not talk about it . CUT to : int . britten 's house - kitchen - flashback britten be talk while Hannah prepare dinner . britten ( v.o . ) at first I tell she everything . that he have give up football and go back to tennis . about the girl e be get call from . suddenly Hannah just burst into tear . britten ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) but it 's not the same for she . to she he 's not still alive , it 's just some dream I keep have . and hearing about it be not comforting , it 's ... torture . 14 . int . dr . lee' office - continuous britten look at lee. britten I actually be not look to come back to work . she sort of force my hand . dr . lee she want you to get back to a routine ? britten no . she want to break all we routine . she want to move . like cross the country and start over . she say it 's hard to live with that empty room upstairs . my best argument for stay be that the seniority and benefit I would work for would not follow we . dr . lee but you do not really care about that thing ? you just want to remain where you be . britten for I , the room upstairs be not empty . Lee note this . lee detective , I be go to be frank . for you to process what 's happen , heal , and move on , it 's imperative that you , acknowledge what 's real and what 's fantasy . we can talk about you dream , but we have to accept they as just that , dream . do you understand ? britten eventually nod . lee ( cont 'd ) let 's talk about you partner . why do you think they be different between you dream and reality ? CUT to : int . police department britten and vega interview a witness . vega smile broadly as britten make note . 15 . britten ( v.o. ) I do not know . I never work with a partner before the accident . CUT to : int . police department britten and Bird be look over bloody crime scene photo , point out various item , make note . britten ( v.o. : they tell I they dante I with someone for while and ... I do not know , I get one in one world and the other in the other . int . dr . evan 's office Dr. Evans be nodd adamantly . dr . evan but you say that they do not like each other , this Bird and vega ? britten vega 's just new . still think we fix thing . Bird know better . dr . evan it make perfect sense . you brain do not want you to know which world be real and which be not . it would defeat the purpose of the cope mechanism . if you have the same partner , you mig t invent detail about they in you dream that be disprove in reality and you would suddenly know which be which . this way , you be free to create a story for each of they , and they animosity help keep they from crossing path and force you to reconcile what you 's have imagine with the truth . it 's the same reason you have give yourself different therapist . int . dr . lee' office Dr. Lee close he notebook . dr . lee it 's this little detail and difference we should focus on . CUT to : 16 . int . police department britten and vega step out of the interview room , call they next witness in . as they wait britten look across the department at bird , nose in a book at he desk , oblivious . , britten ( v.o. ) why ? CUT to : ext . residential STREET —- afternoon britten and Bird stand outside of a house . there 's a car in the street surround by officer and tech . dr . lee ( v.o. ) because dream be not mean to be sustained . when we pull at the thread they tend to fall apart . as britten watch , vega get into a car down the block . dr . lee ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) you partner be thread . and once we start to pull on they , I think we can help you see the truth . vega shoot britten a brief glimpse from the car , then drive away . britten stare after he . the sound of Bird knocking on the house 's door snap britten back to the task at hand . a upper middle CLASS housewife open the door . bird ma‘am . detective Freeman and britten . we be work the Baker homicide down the street . ( beat ) we be tell you note this car in the area yesterday ? he indicate the car crawl with officer and tech . housewife yes . we be all pretty close on the street . you kin8 of have a sense of what people drive . it just do not look like it ... fit britten do you see anyone in or around the car ? housewife no . be it involved in the case ? 17 . bird it 's a_ steal vehicle . it 's ossible the suspect use it to get into the area and then leave it . britten when do you notice the vehicle ? housewife ( think ) I guess ... around five . this raise eyebrow . britten be you sure ? housewife yes . my husband have just texted I he be on he way home . I could check the text for the exact time if you want . bird why do not you do that . as she disappear the detective eye one another , think . britten the father make a call from inside the house at 5:30 . bird Mom 's car be confirm home by 6 . britten and time of death be around 9 . so that mean we have get the suspect in the area for almost four hour with both of he victim home before he actually strike . ( beat ) when do the girl get drop off ? Bird 's already think the same thing . bird Close to 8:45 . everything click in a way britten be hope it would not . britten if he post want to rob a couple of rich people he have all the time in the world . he do not want money . ( look at Bird ) he be after the girl all along . end of act it 18 . act it int . police department britten and Bird address other officer as papers be pass . britten this be not random . he know who he be after , and he wait for she , which mean he have to have come into contact with she before the night of the murder . this be all the register sex offender whose home or work might have put they in contact with we miss girl . there 's a lot here so we be go to divide they up for the first sweep . if you get someone you can not immediately eliminate , let 's Bird or myself know and we will get into they personally . everyone break up , begin to head out . Bird start to go , look back to see britten stand , stare at he watch . bird you come ? britten hesitates . then - britten I have get something I have get to do . bird now ? britten think about that . waver . then - britten just take the first couple . I only need a hour or two . bird for what ? as britten start to go - britten I tell someone I have be somewhere . Bird , annoyed and confuse , watch he leave . ext . tennis court - day britten sit in the bleacher . it 's not a pack house , but there 's a fair number of people for a tennis match . on the court rex toss up a ball and whip a blister serve right past he opponent . britten smile , clap . 19 . suddenly , rex 's coach ( tara ) slide in next to britten . tara after two year play football I didnt expect he to end up in the inal . britten look over at she . 30 's , long , slender , like someone who not only play a sport for a live , but do it well . she extend she hand . tara ( cont 'd ) tara . I be the coach . britten ( shake she hand ) right . as rex win another point - tara he 's exceptionally talented . britten clap , keep he eye on rex . britten he have a very good teacher . tara ( genuine ) I be so sorry . she be a amazing person . britten look at she , nod . tara ( g onr ’d ) you know , we use to play double together . she could have play professionally . britten you think so ? tara I do , and she be always better than I . I think the grind just do not appeal to she . britten but it appeal to you ? tara think it would be more win wimbledon and less qualifying in New Jersey . britten smile . a beat . britten I be not sure what he 's do out there to be honest . ( more ) 20 . britten ( cont 'd ) I know it 's be hard on he , but he do not really tell I much . his mom be the one he talk to . tara we have talk about it a little . britten ( surprised , a little hurt ) really ? tara ( ease the blow ) sometimes it 's just easier for boy to talk to a woman about that kin of stuff . britten I have try . I just ... my job make it hard to be around . and the work be like learn another language . at some point I think I forget how to have conversation that be not evidence , suspect , motive . ( beat what ... what 's he say ? tara nothing you do not know . he miss she a lot . this help he miss she a little less . rex win another point . they both clap . tara ( cont 'd ) Match point . if he win this easily after a long layoff I may never get he to practice . rex throw the ball up and absolutely hammer it over the net . the other player do not even move . game , set , match . britten , tara , and the other spectator clap and cheer . but rex just stand there , stare over the net . then - he simply fall to he knee and begin crying . not victory tear . kid who 's lose he mom tear . britten and tara rush to he . but as they get close , it 's tara that rex grab for . he wrap himself around she and cry into she shoulder . britten stand watch , helpless . int . restaurant - evening britten , rex , and tara sit at a table in the largely desert bar area . each have a soda , some pick at fries between they . 21 . rex be recover , but the conversation be mostly two way with britten spectating . tara no way . I watch total garbage tv and I do not even watch that . rex come on . it 's about model . tara I think that hold a different appeal for a 15 year old boy than it do for I . rex smile , which britten sort of marvel at . tara seem to notice britten on the outside look in . tara ( cont 'd ) what about you , Mark ? you have a favorite show ? britten ( try ) um ... I do not know . I like that one with the derange chef . rex ( surprised ) really ? I always think mom record that . britten nope that 's mine . ( beat ) why ? you like it ? rex ( shrug ) it 's okay . ( long beat ) do you see the one where he make that guy eat the - suddenly , britten 's cell ring . rex stop mid sentence . britten I be sorry . I just - rex ( flat ) it 's fine . britten ( answer ) britten . bird ( filter ) Bird . we find the baker 's car . waverly Long term parking lot by the airport . ( more ) 22 . bird ( cont'd we may have just miss he . how quick can you get here ? britten um ... he look at rex who can already read he mind . rex you have to go . britten die a little at he son 's word . then - britten ( into phone I have gotta get rex home and I 'il be right there . as he hang up - tara I can take he if you want . rex . . yeah . i’1l get a ride with tara . it 's clearly not about convenience , it 's what rex want . britten uh. yeah . okay . i’1ll , um , I 'il see you in a bit then . rex good nod . britten do not know what else to do . he head for the door , disappointed with how that go . he almost get there when rex jog up behind he . rex dad ? britten turn . a beat as rex seem unsure what to say . rex ( cont 'd ) um ... I be glad you come today . britten I too . a beat . rex hug he . the look on britten 's face say the gesture mean everything to he . they break . a long beat . britten ( cont ’d ) you idea or tara 's ? rex smile . his dad 's not stupid . rex she 's good at this kind of stuff . 23 . britten ( smile ) I will not be late . promise . as rex go , britten catch tara 's eye . he mouth ' thanks 's . she smile , nod . ext . waverly long term parking lot - night it 's drizzle . Bird be stand under a umbrella by a BMW as tech crawl around it take picture . britten reach he , look inside the car , dry blood all over the seat . Bird motion to the passenger side , point out blood on the ground . bird when they get spe here they say that be stil resh he hand britten some photo of the same scene , but from earlier , when the daylight be just fade . he point to the blood trail . bird ( cont 'd ) drizzle make it hard to say , but they think we miss he by less than 45 minute . britten look around . they be at the edge of a large and intermittently populate parking lot . britten I do not suppose anyone see anything . bird nope . and no camera , but the steal car we find in the neighborhood be take less than a mile from here . britten so_he drive he car to this lot , walk off and steal one to get to the girl 's house . kill she parent , abduct she , and then come back here and ditch the family BMW for he vehicle . ( walk along the car ) if you be go . to move a kidnap victim from one car to another , you probably do not park far away . he look at the number on the parking space that the BMW be in . 589 . he look at the space right next to it . 590 . 24 . britten ( cont ’d ) so we need someone who can tell we about the car park in space 590 for_the last day and_a half . let 's pull the plate on all this car , see if anyone remember it . Bird nod . britten eye the photo again . notice something . britten ( cont 'd ) we should also try to figure out who be in this space directly behind 590 . 611 . ih bird why ? britten show he the photo . britten it 's get a dry spot that the rain have not cover about the same size as the one in 590 . so they probably leave around the same time . if anyone 's go to have see anything or remember what be in space | 590 it 's probably whoever be in tre blood on the ground ) we find any of the girl 's blood in the house ? bird just the parent . britten well , if this be fresh it certainly '' do not belong to they . so either she 's somehow get we killer bleed - they share a look . bird or we do not have a lot of time . int . police department - late night britten work the phone . photo of license plate surround he as well as a draw on he wall with the space 589 , 590 , and 611 , right behind 590 , all circle . britten right - I be call about _a car you t park at the waverly Long erm parking lot . yes . series of shot : we see he crossing license plate off a list . 25 . we see he eye glaze over as he struggle to stay awake . we see he sip a cup of coffee . Bird step over . . bird anything ? britten ( shake he head ) you ? bird nope . apparentl eople do not memorize all ' the rearby car when they park . britten look at he watch . britten dammit . it 's almost two . I tell he I would not do this . as britten start to gather he thing - — bird you boy . how 's he ... handle thing ? britten ( shrug ) I do not know . I can read you better than he . but then I have probably spend more time in the department a at home over the last fifteen year . bird birthdays , anniversary , graduation . you name it , I have miss it . use to feel bad about but ... what we see , people stab to death , kid take ... it 's toxic waste . work in it , you end y radioactive . so for every thin I have miss , there be ten I ruin because I come home with dead people on my mind . job 's not just about catch bad guy . it 's about make sure the people you love do not see just how ugly it really be out there . ( beat ) sometimes stay at you desk do not mean you be neglect anyone . it just mean you do not want they to see what 's S on it . Bird pat the bloody crime scene photo , walk off . 26 . int . britten 's car - late night britten drive , Bird 's word ringing in he ear . the hand on the wheel have a GREEN rubber band around the wrist . match CUT to : int . britten 's car - morning britten 's hand on the wheel , but now with a blue rubber band . he fight the morning traffic as he head for the station . as he sit at a light , a yellow cab pull up beside he . he look over as the ight change . britten start he turn into the station , then notice the cab pull to a stop right in front . he pause mid turn . a blonde woman in a black dress and wide hat get out . she put she purse on the roof , appear to dig for she wallet . britten be about to dismiss it when boom , boom , boom , the woman fire a gun from inside she purse right through the roof of the cab and into the driver . as people scream and start to run , the woman look up at the station and tip her hat . britten jam on the accelerator and tear out , barrel over the sidewalk towards the cab . the woman bolt . as britten dodge pedestrian , the woman race into _an alleyw yway between the station and the large office building next door . when britten 's way be block , he abandon the car and leap out only to find officer sprinting towards he , gun draw . officer freeze ! britten slow up , reach into he pocket . officer ( cont 'd ) don 't ! britten stop , slowly draw he badge , keep he tone even . britten detective britten . I be just get my badge . the officer hold he bead as britten produce he badge . a beat , then , satisfied , they take off towards the alley . 27 . ext . alleyway - morning britten and the officer run down the desert alley . they stop , unsure which way to pursue . britten spot a side entrance to the office building . int . office build - continuous Business people move about through the lobby , oblivious to the scene outside . as britten eye they - officer detective ! britten turn to see the Officer stand next to a trashcan in a alcove . hanging out be a bit of black fabric . britten walk over to the can , pull the lid off . Inside be the black dress , hat , and a long blonde wig . britten look up , make eye contact with various people move in and out of the lobby . the suspect could be anyone . officer ( cont 'd ) what be we look for ? britten look back at the disguise in the trash . britten I wish I know . end of act ii 28 . act III ext . police department - morning britten and vega be look at the madhouse of police and spectator surround the murder scene outside the station . vega should I take statement again ? britten ( shake he head ) they see what I see : someone in disguise who get away with murder . the tape , the witness , he like that we have everything and still end up with nothing . make he feel smarter than we . invisible . ( a think ) where would you go if you be invisible ? vega I be go to take the 5th on that . britten stare into the crowd . britten I bet you would not be able to , resist admire you own handiwork . he turn , walk toward the department . vega follow . britten ( cont ’d ) once he ditch the disguise , he could stand in that crowd all day and we would never know it . ( beat ) we pull the security tape from all three scene , but let they run through the hour after the murder . maybe we get a face that pop up in all three crowd . int . police department britten and vega sit at a monitor when a tech approach , hold a plastic bag with a single red hair in it . tech look like you suspect leave something behind this time . britten take the bag , eye it . tech ( cont ’d ) pull it out of the wig you find in the trash . we ’1ll run the DNA , but the database be small . ( more ) 29 . tech ( cont 'd ) unless he 's be in serious trouble before we probably will not get a hit . vega hey , we know we be look for a red head . that 's something , right ? britten thanks . britten hand back the bag . vega turn to the monitor . vega first up , 611 waverly . ( start the tape ) okay , carrot top . where be you ? the address hit britten like a brick . britten what do you say ? vega what ? britten 611 waverly ? flash to : we see the parking space , 611 write at the bottom . vega ( v.o. ) the restaurant where the cabbie get kill . that 's the address . back to : int . police department britten be struggle to process this . britten do I know that ? vega it 's be on the paperwork . why ? britten there 's ... a waverly parking lot by the airport . vega what that 's have to do with this ? britten 's not sure . britten play the tape . 30 . int . dr . lee' office - afternoon Dr. Lee take a moment then - dr . lee I would say it 's entirely reasonable , even expect that this sort of detail would begin to cross over . he close he note , look at britten . dr . lee ( cont 'd ) sleep not only recharge we , but during the rem cycle it 's where we actually process and store the day 's information . normally this all go unseen or vaguely remember as random dream , but because you have construct a entire reality out of you sleep , this processing be simply go to become fold in , meaning the thing you be wrestle with in real life be likely to manifest themselves in you dream . britten but I know about the waverly parking lot and space 611 before I new the address of the first cab murder . how could I have dream it before I know it ? / dr . lee , : you do not . you say yourself it be on the paperwork . flash to : we see the address on the side of the building . 611 dr . lee ( v.o. ) ( cont'd you be at the location . even i you do not consciously note it , you brain do , and apparently it ound it important enough to put the detail - flash to : we see the waverly Long term parking lot sign . dr . lee ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) waverly and 611 - tight on the 611 in the parking space . 31 . dr . lee ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ~- into you dream via this imaginary parking lot . back to : int . dr . lee' office britten be not so sure . britten or I really see it first in the parking lot and the dream I be in now be repeat it to tell I that it 's important over there for some reason . Dr. Lee take a beat . dr . lee detective britten , as I have say , there 's no therapeutic value in allow you to pretend that you reality be interchangeable . there be no es soarkin child . there be no car ina ing lot . and ... sadly , but . crucially , there be no world in which you son have survive the accident . britten what make you so sure ? dr . lee that this be reality ? well , for starter I know I be real . I know I talk to my wife twenty minute before you come in . I know what I eat for breakfast . I know where I be go this evening . britten I could just be invent all that detail as part of my dream . dr . lee then let 's try look at it from the perspective of causality . which murder happen first ? britten well ... the cab driver . dr . lee so you begin a case in reality , and then suddenly you be work a case in you dream . ( more ) a beat . 32 . dr . lee ( cont 'd ) as one story unfold the other twist and turn in response as you process the day 's event and sometimes as you key on a detail it call specific attention to itself in you imagination . the consequence of return to work in you condition be that in addition to try to keep you son alive , you be use you dream to try to solve you case . britten but -— dr . lee we should also examine the e of case you be work in you ream . a miss child . the very issue you be struggle to come to term with . so you subconscious turn it into a case you have to solve . geeat ) I understand the pain you feel detective . but once you accept that this be reality , you will release you son from you dream , and yon can begin the crucial process of mourn he and end that pain . britten so as soon as I accept that he 's dead , he ’1ll stop show up ? dr . lee I believe that 's very likely . britten absorb that think . int . high end restaurant - night britten and Hannah , well - dress , sit among other equally so , try to be a couple instead of grieve parent . britten you already apply ? hannah what ? you think I be too old ? britten I be sure you can still do keg stand with the best of they . I just ... what about you work ? ; hannah I quit . 33 . britten sense she 's try to draw he into something . he resist . britten I see . ( beat ) where be this school at ? hannah one 's in the city . one 's in Oregon . britten Oregon . hannah it 's a really great program . britten I think we talk about this . hannah then let 's see if I get in before we talk about it again . this be not how he want the night to go . a long beat . he try to shift gear . britten you ... you remember that time we be at that restaurant like this in New York and you pretend to be a food critic ? get we that amazing table , huge meal , all for free . hannah what make you think of that ? britten I do not know . maybe I be think about how persuasive you can be . hannah ( smile ) I must_have be . who believe a 23 ear old who order fries with she obster be a critic ? britten laugh . but hanah 's smile be mute . Long beat . hannah ( cont 'd ) you know they say there 's a point in every relationship with where you stop talk about with ou be do and only talk about what you 1 she see this suck the life out of he . hannah ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I do not know what 's wrong with I . ( more ) 34 . hannah ( cont 'd ) I mean , we can say it 's time . sa we need to get dress , go out like normal people again , have a good time , but ... I wonder if there 's ever a point where have a good time be not go to feel wrong . she look down . hannah ( cont 'd ) I guess say it out loud do not really help the cause . britten it 's okay . I know what you mean . a beat . britten ( cont ’d ) how 's the house come ? hannah just one room to go . he nod . they both know which one that be . as he think on it he word just slip out . britten I see he play a match the other day . she look confuse , slightly troubled . hannah who ? he catch himself . britten my new partner - he son , he 's on the tennis team . he invite I out . hannah oh . britten can not help it . he smile with pride . britten he be amazing . twenty five ace in the final . remind I of you . hannah I ? britten yeah . just the way he crush the ball . the way he pour himself into it . it ... be almost like I be watch you . 35 . she 's see right though he , know he 's talk about rex . she put down she napkin , stand . hannah dammit , Mark . she walk away . int . britten 's house - mark bedroom Hannah 's on the bed , look down . he approach from behind , put he hand on she shoul ler , apologetic . MARK I be sorry . she look back at he . hannah you can not do that to I . MARK ( nodd , soft ) I know . a beat and then they kiss . it 's gentle : careful , like they be not sure they be ready for all this . as they continue - CUT to : int . britten 's house - live room we see paint can and brushes stack in the corner , the wall behind they hide under a perfect new coat of paint . CUT to : int . britten 's house - mark bedroom britten and Hannah move under the sheet , cautious and consider . CUT to : int . britten 's house - hallway we stare at rex 's close door . CUT to : 36 . int . britten 's house - mark bedroom we see the couple move faster , faster . CUT to : int . britten 's house - rex 's room the teenage chaos . clothes on the floor , untouched . a couple of trophy on a shelf . a picture of the whole family , rex between Hannah and britten . CUT to : int . britten 's house - mark bedroom the after : britten spoon Hannah from behind . she begin to play with the blue rubber band on he wrist . Long silence . then - hannah I ... think that we should get pregnant . she can sense he reaction . jumping ahead of it - hannah ( cont 'd ) I know it 's fast . and you can say whatever you want about work through issue and all of that , but this be not about replace he . I just know that I be go to want another one and I do not want and be a hundred when he 's in high school . so ... britten sit on this , unsure what to say . britten how do you know it would be a boy ? hannah what ? britten you say when ‘he 's in high school . 's hannah oh. ( beat ) I do not . neither seem sure what to say next . she turn to he . 37 . hannah ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? britten I be not sure I know what to think . she accept that . a beat . hannah how 's it go with the psychiatrist ? CUT to : int . britten 's house - MARK 's bedroom - later the couple sleep beside one another in the darkness . britten ( v.o. ) he 's try to get I to understand some thing . close on britten as he lay in the darkness , eye close . ; hannah ( v.o. ) be it help ? int . britten 's house - MARK 's bedroom - morning britten open he eye . rex be stand over he . rex dad ? britten ( v.o. ) post - lap ) I be not sure I want it to . end of act iit 38 . act iv int . dr . evan 's office Dr. Evans seem more incense than we have see she . dr . evan that 's ridiculous . try to force ou into some revelation be not he ob . the cope mechanism be there or a reason , to let you deal with this when you be ready . britten but he 's right . thing seem to start there and get repeat here . I have the cab driver case , and then suddenly I have this one . dr . evan you know you be come back to work . you could have dream up a case in anticipation as you mind have already begin to focus on what you would be up against . notice that the cab driver murder do not become a ongoing series of murder until after you be face with a ongoing situation where a child be miss . britten shake he head . britten I can not even keep this straight . dr . evan you do not need to . at this point , that 's not where I think we focus should lie . britten that 's exactly what Dr. Lee would expect you to say . he have tell I that the only reason you be agree with I be because you be I , just my imagination try to hold onto the idea that this dream could be real . Dr. Evans take a beat . dr . evan okay . she go to she computer . type something in , hit print . as page start to come out of she printer , she grab a small stack and bring they over , hand they to britten . dr . evan ( cont 'd ) here. 39 . he look at the page . before he can ask - dr . evan ( cont 'd ) turn to any page . just pick one . he hesitates , then flip through . he stop on the third page . DR. evan ( cont ’d ) now . pick a spot somewhere about half way " down and start read . out lou britten what - dr . evan read . he look at the page . begins . britten ( read ) the House of Representatives shall be compose of member choose every second Year by the people of the several States , and the elector in each State shall have the qualification requisite for - ( break : S ) what the hell be we do ? she look at he . dr . evan have you memorize the entire constitution ? britten ( baffle ) no. dr . evan then if this be a dream , if you son have really die instead of you wife and you be just make all this up , explain to I how you turn to a random page and be able to read it back , word for word . britten be dumbstruck . britten I ... I do not know . dr . evan tell Dr. Lee that Dr. Evans say it 's not as simple as he make it sound . the more he think about it , the more bother he become . 40 . britten why would you do that ? dr . evan what do you mean ? I just think if I could counter balance the - britten you just say we should not be try to force any sort of ... realization and then , I mean , how could I possibly have do that unless - britten 's phone ring . britten ( cont 'd ) britten . bird ( filter ) we get a suspect . britten on my way . he hang up . stands . dr . evan detective britten , please - britten just ... do not say anything else . off she look as he walk out - int . police department - evening Bird meet britten at the door . as they walk down the hallway - _. bird vega pick he up . britten vega ? bird yeah , you know he , young guy , ready to commit a murder and solve it just to get a promotion . this just might be he ticket . ( look at a sheet ) registered sex offender with two prior , work at the car wash . record show the family be there eleven time in the last six month . found he print in the recover car . 41 . britten you just say he work at the car wash . ird also quite 5 child porn collection on he computer - britten still - bird and picture of various kid from the neighborhood take in park , on the street , at the car be ( beat ) want to guess who one of the star of that show be ? he hand britten photo of the miss girl . bird , ( cont ’d ) he 's get no alibi for the night of the murder or for the period of time when the car would have be leave at the parking lot . da say she 's probably get enough to indict . britten we find he car ? bird do not have one . ride the bus . there 's a stop two block from where the first car be steal . figure he take the family BMW back to the parking lot and steal another one we be not look for . for all we know that car and the girl be at the bottom of a lake . they arrive at the interrogation room . bird ( cont 'd ) if she be still alive , the only way we be go to find she be to get he to tell we where , so let 's keep he head in that direction . britten nod , stop just before they go in . britten do he have red hair ? bird ( throw ) Red hair ? no . why ? britten be not even sure himself . 42 . britten I do not know . int . police department - interrogation room Bird and britten enter to find vega with the suspect ( taylor ) , 40 's diminutive , creepy , and genuinely frighten . vega step over to they . vega ( sotto ) I think with just a little more time , detective - bird we have get it , thanks . vega grudgingly step aside . Bird take a seat . britten seem catch look at vega , then back at the suspect 's hair . bird ( cont 'd ) Mr. Taylor . detective Freeman . this be detective britten . I be go to be frank , and this be go to be fast . you be in a significant mess . the pornographic material by itself be already a violation of you parole . we also have you print in the victim 's car , as well as you own private photo of the miss girl . it 's a double murder with or without she , so you be not save ferret from anything by hide at this point , she location be the only , and I repeat , only thing you can use to help yourself . we find she alive , maybe the rest of you life get a little longer . so let 's talk about where you go after you leave the BMW at he waverly parking lot . taylor ( exasperate , terrify ) please . I already tell the officer I do not know what you be talk about . britten take a seat next to Bird . they both sound sympathetic . britten she be bleed . be she hard to control ? be she fight you ? bird you need to go someplace private , right ? some place you could be alone ? do you drive out of the city ? where do you go ? 43 . Taylor start to cry . taylor I tell you . I be at home . vega watch tv by yourself be not a alibi . Taylor just put he head down , crying . vega make a dismissive gesture . britten find himself stare at the top of the guy head . at he thinning brown hair . flash to : we see the ziplock bag with the single red hair from the other case . back to : int . police department - interrogation room britten can not shake a sense of unease . a beat . britten what be you watch ? Taylor look up . britten ( cont 'd ) Monday night , when the murder occur , what be you watch ? Taylor reign in he tear , think . taylor I do not ... uh , the football game ? britten look at the report on the desk . britten 9 pm . that would have be about the third quarter . you remember the third quarter ? taylor I ... maybe . why ? bird detective britten - _ britten who be win ? taylor ; the ... the steeler . they have just score . 44 , vega which you could have learn watch sportscenter . britten you remember anything the commentator say ? anything specific ? Bird stand . bird detective . outside . britten be not go anywhere . taylor I do not know . like what ? britten you tell I . taylor I ... something about , the defense ? ( remember ) about the defense be so bang up , and one of the commentator say they be miss so many people t ey :d ask he to play . omething like that . ( beat ) be that right ? britten I do not know . I be not watch . he get up , walk out , Bird and vega angrily follow . int . police department - hallway as soon as the door close vega explode . vega what the hell be you do ? britten he have a alibi . vega it 's football ! he could have hear about the game anywhere . britten I do not ask about the game , I ask about the commentary . ( more ) 45 . britten ( cont 'd ) he have have need to have watch the game or to have see a tape to memorize commentary , and since he do not think he have a alibi to begin with I doubt he watch the game on tape to create one . vega want to say something but think better of it . britten ( cont ’d ) just get we a copy of the broadcast , officer . if he 's lie we hammer he , but I do not think he be . he be home when that girl be take . vega stalk off . Bird look at britten evenly . britten ( cont ’d ) this be not about finish we homework . it 's about find the girl . if he 's not the guy , it loe not help we . int . police department - tape room britten and Bird playback a tape of Monday night football . jon gruden ( on monitor ) they have get so many people injure I think I be in they dime package . Bird look at britten , stop the tape . silence . bird why have you ask if he have red hair ? britten I be honestly not sure . bird well , not sure , you just tank we only suspect and most of we good lead , so what do we do now ? britten it 's get something to do with the waverly lot . bird what make you say that ? britten . I have be see it in my sleep . end of act iv 46 . act V int . britten 's house - mark bedroom britten wake up alone . he look at he wrist . he 's wear the blue rubber band , but there 's no sign of he wife . he 's immediately troubled . britten Hannah ? nothing . int . britten 's house he walk into the live room . it 's repaint , but the paint can be go . he grab he phone , dial . hannah ( voicemail recording ) hi , this be Hannah . leave a message . as he walk through the house - britten um , it 's I . I be pest wonder where you be . I feel ... I be not sure what 's go on and it would post really help I out if I could ear you voice . he hang up . then - britten ( cont ’d ) Hannah ! hannah ! silence . int . britten 's house - rex 's room britten step in . it 's just as it always be on this side , a untouched mess , no one here . britten rex ! but this be clearly not the room of the live rex . he take a seat on the bed . britten ( cont ’d ) . no . she can not be go . I be ... this be ... I be imagine this . he slap himself . 47 . britten ( cont 'd ) wake up ! again . harder . britten ( cont 'd ) wake up ! he spot a multi-tool on he son desk . he grab it , flip out the knife . a beat , then he press the knife into he palm until it draw blood . he gasp at the pain as he open a wound . britten ( cont 'd ) come on ! then - hannah Mark ? he turn . there she be . in the doorway . almost too quickly . hannah ( cont 'd ) what be you do in here ? she notice the blood . hannah ( cont 'd ) oh my God , what happen ? he drop the knife , go to she , throw he arm around she , he hand bleed all over she back . britten you be still here ! thank god. hannah Mark , what 's go on ? britten ( emotional ) I do not know . I do not know . I be so confuse . I just ... I be call you . how do you not hear I galling if now you be ... I think I be lose you . she pull back , look he in the eye . softly - hannah I be still here , Mark . I be not go anywhere . he seem buoy by this , collect himself . he nod . hannah ( cont 'd ) let 's look at that hand . 48 . ext . lowen 's restaurant / bar - afternoon britten and vega stand outside the restaurant where the first cab driver murder take place , britten 's hand bandage . he still look a little fray . vega you sure you be okay ? britten can you just let I think ? vega can you at least tell I what we be look for ? maybe I can help . britten I be not sure . vega then ... why be we here ? dismissive - britten I have a dream about it . ( to himself ) or I be have a dream about it . vega what ? britten nothing . will you just - vega we have still get partial face match from the tape to look over . there be witness to interview from the scene outside the station . there 's - britten look up at the side of the building . the big numeral 611 stare back at he . britten shh ! britten focus on the number , wait for they to tell he something . then he notice - the window of the apartment building just above they . he squint at the window , then down the street . a think . britten ( cont 'd ) the witness . vega what ? britten the witness from the 611 building . he say the killer run up the street , around that corner and into the alley . vega ( exasperate ) all the witness say that . that 's what the security tape show . that 's what happen . britten look back at the number . britten do anyone actually go to the guy 's apartment ? look out he window ? vega why ? I just tell you . everyone have the same story . britten because if you be look out of that building , there 's no way you can see around that corner . from the ground you could have see the killer go up that alley . but from up there there 's no way you know that unless - — vega ( Holy shit ) you happen to be the one who actually do it . britten look at vega . britten he like to feel smart ? invisible ? what 's ging to make you feel more invisible than actual talk to the detective try lo catch you ? they both stare up at the window of the apartment building . int . 611 waverly apartment build - 5 th floor vega_and britten exit a bank of elevator . as they move into a hall a hasid in full dress pass they , get in a elevator go down . britten stop . a think . he turn as the elevator door start to close . the hasid glance back ever so slightly . his eye meet britten 's . the two of they lock on one another . even in the garb , britten see it . it 's the witness . as the door close , the hasid crack a tiny smile . 50 . britten rush for the elevator , but it 's too late . he fly into the stairwell . vega , confuse , try to keep up . ext . 611 waverly apartment build britten hit the street , spot the hasid bolt up the block . britten break into a dead sprint , not willing to miss he man a second time . britten make up ground . the hasid seem to be slow when - suddenly , the hasid stop , turn , gun draw . britten freeze , he own weapon still in its holster . then in a flash - two shot . the hasid go down . britten turn to see vega a hundred foot behind , gun draw . they move in on the down body . on the ground the hat and hair have go slightly askew revealing not only that it be indeed the witness , but he red hair underneath . ext . 611 waverly apartment build - later britten and vega be now surround by other officer , the coroner , onlooker . as the body be load into the rear of a ambulance - britten just stare at the address on the outside of the building . 611 waverly . CUT to : ext . waverly long term parking lot britten stand stare at space 611 , case file in he hand . Bird stand behind he , sip coffee . bird britten , you have be stare at the pavement for the last hour . I think it 's tell you what it know . britten shake he head , in he own little world . britten this have to be it . bird the blood trail lead right to the car in 590 . why do it matter what be park in $ 119 do not you think if they have have see anything , like , say , a bleed little girl be force out of one car and into another , we would have hear from they ? 51 . britten think about that . he open the file , look at the photo of the scene again . the back to back dry spot in Space 590 and 611 . and then it hit he . britten oh my god. 611 . that 's what it be try to tell I . it be in 611 . he drop everything else , hold the picture close . britten ( cont 'd ) we have it backwards . Bird step over . britten ( cont 'd ) there be no car in 590 . bird but the blood trail - britten point to the photo . britten this two car do not leave at about the same time . they leave at exactly the same time . he point to a little thread of dry pavement between the dry space where the car be park . britten ( cont'd see that little strip of dry pavement . that mean there be something above it . something connect whatever be in this two space . bird ( get it ) a tow hitch . britten it be not a car in 590 . it be a camper or something else he could stick she in . the car be in 611 . off Bird - int . britten 's car britten and Bird be drive . Bird be on the phone . bird yeah . yeah . send it over . ( hang up ) 52 . bird ( cont 'd ) four camper hit in the same area we canvass for sex offender . Three of they be sit in they driveway . one 's not . neighbor say it 's be go since Monday . britten Day of the murder . bird say the guy talk about a lake up in the foothills . vega 's send we a description of the area , the camper , and the guy 's id . Bird tap at he laptop . suddenly he freeze . bird ( cont ’d ) what the hell ? britten what ? Bird turn the screen to britten . it 's a id photo from a driver 's license . the man in the photo have red hair . bird you want to explain to I how you know he be go to be a red head ? off britten 's look - ext . campground - afternoon britten and Bird spot a camper attach to a truck park by a idyllic look little lake . they move toward it carefully , gun draw . int . camper britten swing the door open , dart in , gun out . but it 's quiet . and then he hear something muffled . he open the closet size bathroom , find a young girl , bound and gag inside . he quickly pull she out , begin to release she . as soon as the gag come down , she simp y start to cry . britten take she in he arm when - the door to the camper open . man ( 0.c . ) we will have a good fire tonight . I get we -— as the man step in and notice Bird and britten he freeze . 53. he grab for a knife on the counter , but Bird 's gun be up . bird do not even think about it . a beat , and then the man bolt . Bird be out the door after he , but britten do not move . he just sit there , hold the girl . outside we hear - two shot . a long beat as the girl just cry into britten 's shoulder - dr . lee ( v.o. ) I think the red hair settles it in just the way we have be look or . int . dr . lee' office Dr. Lee look like a_man with all the answer . britten do not seem particularly threaten . dr . lee there 's no evidence suggest the suspect in you kidnap case would have red hair . e only reason he do be because it 's a reflection of the reality in which you actual suspect in the cab river murder , which come first , have red hair . if this be a dream , ou have have come up with the red air clue before it occur in reality . which would make you psychic . britten ( unfaze ) so the red hair prove this be reality . and read the constitution prove the other 's reality . so we be back where we starte dr . lee remember a portion of the constitution prove nothing . I could put you under hypnosis a and drag out a litany of fact and tidbit from you subconscious that you would be stunne to find hide there . CUT to : 54 . int . britten 's house - kitchen britten work with a much younger rex , cut and glue . dr . lee ( v.o. ) perhaps you help you son with a project at some point and very specific portion of the constitution find they way into you memory . in the trancelike state of you dream , you simply dredge they up to help deceive yourself . angle on the project at hand . a constitutional diorama . CUT to : int . dr . lee' office britten smile . britten by that logic I could just as easily have come across a red hair in the kidnap case and never consciously notice it . CUT to : int . britten 's house - mark bedroom britten look down at he suit jacket , the one he 's be wear the whole time . he stare at the sleeve . he reach down and pick off a single red hair . stare at it . CUT to : int . baker house - girl 's bedroom - flashback as britten reach into the closet to smell the carpet he sleeve contact the hang clothes , pick up the red hair . britten ( v.o . maybe I pick it up during the investigation and the only way to bring it to my attention be to make it a detail of my dream . int . dr . lee' office britten look happy with himself . britten the dream in which I have to come see you . 55 . Dr. Lee nod . okay . dr . lee you have create a mental mobius strip : you mind be free to 99 back and fill in any hole if you let it . so if your unwilling to commit yourself to make meaningful rogress , I be not sure why you be ere . britten I be here , because they tell I I have to come . Dr. Lee take a beat . then - dr . lee you blood alcohol level be elevate the night of the accident , be not it ? this suddenly suck the wind out of britten 's sail . britten I do not drink . dr . lee that 's what you say in the report , but it be elevate , be it not ? britten be silent . dr . lee ( cont 'd ) perhaps you condition come not so much from a benevolent desire to keep youe son alive , but a intense nee of try to shield yourself from you own responsibility for he death . int . dr . evan 's office Dr. Evans look concerned . dr . evan it do raise a host of question . britten I be tell you . I never drink . and if I do , my wife would never have let I get behind the wheel . dr . evan and you do not remember anything about the night lead up to the accident ? CUT to : 56 . ext . hillside - night close on britten waking up , bloody , hang from he seatbelt . britten ( v.o. ) no . ext . hillside - later britten be take in one ambulance as he wife and son , still unconscious be put into another . CUT to : int . dr . evan 's office she 's think . dr . evan maybe this be all you way of try to remember . ( to explain ) just as you seem to work out you case in you dream , I wonder if the entire construction of that dream be mean to try to draw you attention to something bigger . maybe that you wife survive in one and you son in the other , or the fact that you have different partner be actually all a way of get you to think about that night . clue , so to speak , as to what actually happene CUT to : int . police department - night vega be do paperwork at he desk . britten what be you still do here ? vega you see all this stuff ? guy have like a hundred different costume in that apartment , be still show up to teach 8th grade math everyday . nobody suspect a thing . britten it 's one in the morning . do not you have someone wait for you ? 57 . veg : I do not care fe I get the promotion just to hold you hand . I be gonna prove I deserve it . my wife understand . a beat . britten vega . trust I . go home . britten turn to leave , but vega do not move . britten shrug . as britten start to walk - vega you be joke right ? britten wat or oppin9 ) vega about go back to that crime scene because of a dream . that 's not why we go , right ? Cause , you know , weird stuff like that , it 's sort of what they tell I t6 look out for . off britten 's expression - — CUT to : ext . campground Police everywhere , ambulance , reporter . Bird step next to britten . they see the girl with officer . bird she say he keep talk about marrying she . that the Lord have bring they together . ( long beat ) so , the red hair . the obsession with that parking space . they be go to ask how you put all that together . britten right . ( a beat ) can we call it a hunch for now ? Bird look at he . bird I have be a cop for thirty year . only see hunch on tv . but for now ... okay , we go with hunch . 58 . we see the girl be lead into a ambulance . britten what happen to she ? bird she go to a aunt or something . I be not sure she even understand what 's happen yet . as they watch the ambulance door close behind the girl - bird ( cont ’d ) remember when you use to think solve and fix mean the same thing ? CUT to : int . dr . lee' office Dr. Lee lean forward . dr . lee detective , turn yourself in circle like this , over and over , it will catch up with yous this fantasy be far from a benign cope mechanism . when you brain should be rest , recharging , you be use it to hold up a detailed and complicated alternate reality . a reality that only get more complicated the longer it exist . that be unsustainable , detective britten . I be afraid that the longer ou continue , the more you jeopardize you already tenuous grasp on reality . it be , quite simply , a road to madness . a long beat as this weigh on britten . then - britten the thing be doctor - CUT to : ext . graveyard - day britten and hannah be in black , surround by mourner . britten ( v.o. ) - yes , I still see both my wife and my son . 59 . Hannah lean on he sobbing as a casket be lower into the ground . CUT to : ext . graveyard - day britten and rex be in black , surround by mourner . britten ( v.o. ) but I have also watch each of they lower into the ground . rex weep as the casket descend . CUT to : int . britten 's house - rex 's room britten assist Hannah , clear out the last of rex 's stuff . she look at he , lean down , open a paint can . britten ( v.o. : and when yoo see a vee one be bury , the one think you have over and over and over again , be that you would give anything to change it . suddenly , she ' move past it 's exterior crack and she finally begin to cry . as he pull she into he arm - CUT to : ext . tennis court britten sit alone in the stand watch rex practice relentlessly with he coach tara . britten ( v.o. ) so if you be tell I that the price of be able to see they , to eel they , to have they , be my sanity - after crush a forehand that send tara sprawling , rex look up at he father , smile . CUT to : int . restaurant britten and rex have dinner in the bar , watch football highlight on the screen . 60 . britten ( v.o . then let I assure you I will happily pay it . CUT to : int . britten 's house - kitchen britten and Hannah eat . she 's still raw , emotional . britten ( v.o. ) I 'il come here as long as they make I , but trust I - she put she hand on he . they look in one another 's eye . britten ( v.o. ) ( cont ’d ) I have no desire to ever make progress . CUT to : int . britten 's house - mark bedroom britten and he wife hay . in bed together , only a sliver of light sneaking through the window . a long silence . then -— hannah will you see he tonight ? britten look over at she . he 's not sure what she want to hear . he simply opt for the truth . britten yes . she take that in . he prepare | himself for the recrimination . instea she kiss he on the cheek . softly - hannah tell he that I love he . as she turn away britten fight the lump in he throat . britten I will . britten close he eye . we push in very close on he close eyelid . a long beat . then - he open they . end of show