pull focus picture Inc. away from hero written by Sarah polley base on the short story '' the bear come over the Mountain '' by Alice munro dbl . yellow revision : March 27 , 2006 page : 57 , 68 , 69 -71 , 71a , 71b , 71c , 72 , 74 , 74a , 75 , 76 , 94 dbl . blue revision : March 23 , 2006 dbl . pink revision : March 20 , 2006 dbl . white revision : March 13 , 2006 gold revision : February 20 , 2006 GREEN revision : February 16 , 2006 yellow revision : February 11 , 2006 blue revision : February 9 , 2006 full pink : February 1 , 2006 white : January 4 , 2006 pull focus picture Inc. 65 heward Street , suite b206 Toronto , on m4m 2t5 tel : ( 416 ) 915-1785 fax : ( 416 ) 915-178 ext rundown neighbourhood - february 2005 1 grant , a handsome man in he 7u' , with a constant twinkle in he eye , drive down a suburban look street in a poor area of a small Ontario town . he consult a address that lie on the seat beside he . look at the house as he pass they . mostly rental house . some of the yard be mark by car track , the window plaster with tinfoil or hang with fade flag . he find the address he 's look for . a small house on a quiet street . he pull into the driveway . this house be much better look after though still modest . there be flower freshly plant . he take a moment . stare at the house . take a deep breath . ext pier - 1961 - summer - day 2 grant 's memory : of a beautiful 18 year old girl . she be lean against the rail of a pier overlook a great lake . it be windy and cold and raining lightly . the wind blow she pale blonde hair into she face . she be confident and strong . she be smile , stare straight at we . she be yell over the wind , a glimmer in she eye . we can not hear what she 's say . we hear the voice of a man in he 70' . grant ( v.o. ) she say , '' do you think it would be fun - do you think it would be fun if we get marry ? '' a young woman 's voice be hear . kristy ( v.o. ) what do you say ? grant ( v.o. ) I take she up on it . I shout yes . the 18 year old girl grin . she turn away and look out at the water , happy . grant ( v.o. ) I never want to be away from she . she have the spark of life . she look back at we . right into we eye . the image dissolves to white , ski track melt over she face . '' harvest Moon , '' by Neil Young play on the soundtrack . 3a 3b ext andersson 's cottage - JANUARY 2003 - magic hour 3 a bird 's eye view of a snowy , ice cover lake . a couple skis through frame . we follow they ski track in the opposite direction . to where they come from . grant ( v.o . ) over we many winter , she hair go from pale blonde to silver . that 's all . I do not think I notice exactly when . credit over the ski track as we follow they . we arrive at a warmly light cottage . it be old and large but not ostentatious . we pause here and then we continue on around they property . we find fiona and grant andersson , ski together through they field . grant be in he 7u' , Fiona in she sixty . they be both stun and sexy , with humour in they eye . we recognize Fiona as the beautiful girl we see at the beginning . she be ethereal , light , and sly . as though always enjoy a private joke . they pant hard as they ski side by side , glance at each other . CUT to : ext gazebo —- evening 3a they stand in a gazeobo at the edge of the lake , stare at the sunset over the freeze water . they stare silently , mesmerize . CUT to : ext gazebo —- evening 3b close on grant and Fiona 's finger , unlatch they skis from they boot . int andersson 's kitchen - JANUARY 2003 - evening 4 the cottage be warm and comfortable . rug crooked on the floor and cup ring bitten into the table varnish . fiona and grant be both tastefully dress . they prepare dinner together . there 's a sense of easy routine about it . grant chop vegetable while Fiona tend the stove . there 's not a lot of conversation about what they be do . as he maneuver around she to dump the vegetable into the pan he arm encircle she waist and he steal the spatula from where she have leave it on the counter . fiona careful . 2a . he hide the spatula behind he back . she turn to look at he , know what he 's do . fiona give I that . he stay still . she scuff he hair on the way out the door . fiona alright then . you do it . he smile . continue she work at the stove . we hear the television come on . a news segment about a election . int andersson 's livingroom - JANUARY 2003 - evening 5 they eat a good look dinner . not labour intensive but carefully make . fiona then they show this totally irrelevant clip of he run . apparently he like to run when he 's canvass . grant it must have have some context . she take a sip of wine . he laugh . fiona it do not . and he run like a goalie . grant oh and you be such a hockey fan . show I how a goalie run . fiona act out a goalie run , laugh she head off . she sit back down . fiona oh , it 's too sad . he want to be a good samaritan in the most boring possible way . grant laugh . a pause and then they both start giggle again . she look at he clothes . fiona do not you have another shirt ? int andersson 's kitchen - JANUARY 2003 - night 6 fiona and grant clean the kitchen together . a warm quiet between they . grant steal tender glance at she as he do the dish and she dry they . it 's as though he be watch for something . she go about put the dish away , oblivious to he eye on she . this go on for a while . we watch they work in silence , she put the dish in the cupboard . he hand she a fry pan . she stare at it for a moment . she open the freezer and put it inside . as he hear the freezer door open , he turn to look at she . she look back at he , oblivious . she go back to put the dish away in they proper place . he smile at she . when the last dish be put away she leave the room , feel like she 's miss something . fiona I 'il go make the fire . he wait until she be safely in the other room , and then , sadly , take the pan out of the freezer and put it ina cupboard . int andersson 's livingroom - JANUARY 2003 - night 7 fiona lie with she head on grant 's lap . there 's a fire in the fireplace , the house orderly and cosy . it 's snow outside , big fairy tale snow flake . he read to she from a book of poetry . grant ( read ) you climb the bank and say this be how you touch other woman the grass cutter 's wife , the lime burner 's daughter and you searched you arm for the miss perfume and know Fiona stroke he face . interrupt he . fiona do not worry darling . I expect I be just lose my mind . grant ssshhhh . he grab she hand . kiss it . 10 grant what good be it to be the lime burner 's daughter Left with no trace as if not speak to in the act of love as if wounded without the pleasure of a scar you touch you belly to my hand in the dry air and say I be the cinnamon peeler 's wife . smell I . she fall asleep as he read . he watch she sleep for a few moment . int andersson 's bedroom - JANUARY 2003 - night 8 grant stroke fiona 's hair . she smile up at he , warm . they kiss , and slowly and calmly make love . title Card : the diagnose int andersson 's bathroom - JANUARY 2003 - night 9 grant be pee . he finish and wash he hand , catch a glimpse of himself in the mirror . on the mirror be a sticky note . it say '' 7 be yoga . 7:30 - 7:45 tooth , face , hair . 7:45 - 8:15 walk . 8:15 grant and Breakfast . '' he put he finger to it , touch by it 's precision . int andersson 's bedroom - JANUARY 2003 - night 10 grant get into bed behind fiona . he spoon she , hold she close , kissing she neck . grant that be lovely . fiona what be lovely ? he think for a moment . grant nothing . 11 12 he look at the back of she head , guilty and wonder . he lean over and kiss she forehead . she smile . he turn away and close he eye . ext marian 's house - february 2005 - morning 11 grant sit in he car , in the same shot as the open . he get out of the car and knock on the door of the house in the rundown neighbourhood . marian , a attractive woman in she 60 's open the door . she hold some flower in she hand , as though she be just about to put they in a vase . she speak with a fairly heavy american accent . marian yes ? grant I do not quite know how to introduce myself . I use to see you husband at meadowlake . I be a regular visitor there myself . that be some lovely flower . we will keep return to this scene throughout the film , always pick up right where we leave off . int andersson 's livingroom - JUNE 2003 - afternoon 12 Fiona arrange wild flower while grant make drink . warm spring light pour through the house . grant I have never see that white one before . fiona the earth must really suit they there . grant go to the kitchen and notice something as he go to get a spoon to stir the drink . on each of the kitchen drawer there be post it note say , '' cutlery , dishtowel , knife . '' he look at they , debate whether or not to say something . he laugh . Fiona be busily arrange the flower . grant you could always just open the drawer . remind yourself . 6a . fiona what ? he come into the livingroom and stand in the doorway to the kitchen . grant maybe all the label ... all the list be defeat the purpose . ( more ) 12a 12b grant ( cont would ) if you stop think about thing the moment you write they down , maybe that 's the end of you need to recall . Fiona seem unperturb by this question . do not turn around . fiona if only we recall just what we need . she let this hang in the air a moment . then continue lightly . fiona there be a story I hear at a dinner party , about the german soldier on border patrol in Czechoslovakia during the war . remember that Czech student you have ? Veronica ? we speak once at a dinner party . grant be absolutely still . she toss this casually . CUT to : int 1970 be dinner party 12a Veronica , a gorgeous young girl look at we across the table . CUT back to : int andersson 's livingroom - JUNE 2003 - afternoon 12b Fiona glance at grant . he be stock still . fiona do not get nervous . it 's a good story . and now she look at he with a smile . fiona she tell I that each of the german patrol dog wear a sign that say hund . why ? say the czech , and the Germans say , because that be a hund . 13 14 15 she give he a amicable smile . not threaten in any way . he watch she , he breath be catch in he throat . she leave the room and he let he breath out . stare at the post it note . we flash quickly in and out of : int dinner party - 1970' - night 13 grant 's memory : Veronica , a beautiful creature with dark hair and shiny eye , talk to someone animatedly at a dinner party , steal furtive glance at we . we see she foot crawl up a pant leg under the table . int andersson 's livingroom - JUNE 2003 - early evening 14 the doorbell ring . Fiona answer the door . Phoebe and William hart , a couple in they 60 's stand at the door . Fiona throw she arm around Phoebe . phoebe where the hell have you two be ? william Phoebe 's a nightmare to live with when she have not play bridge in a while . call more often will you ? int livingroom - night 15 they have drink in the livingroom fiona well at least we be all wait together . william you would not say that if you be wait for a transplant . phoebe ( to William ) who have you become all of a sudden ? Jesus , you sound like one of that '' stand up for Canada '' conservative commercial . fiona ( wink at William ) well he 's not as young as he use to be Phoebe . grant be poke the fire . his hand cover in soot . william I just do not think you can ignore how serious a problem this wait list be . fiona I think they be a problem . I just do not think the solution be a short line for that who can afford it and longer line for that who can not . oh look , now you have make I all earnest and boring . grant look down at he sooty finger . he get up and as he pass Fiona , he touch she face , leave a big sooty fingerprint on she cheek . she look up at he knowingly . she know there 's a mark on she cheek and try hard not to smile . he try not to smile too . it do not really work . he sit down . fiona you be a idiot . do you know that ? grant it work for you . fiona it 's a wonder I ever bring he home to the parent . 16 int livingroom - JUNE 2003 - night 16 they eat dinner . fiona it be one of that craft show where you look around and wonder that the law of supply and demand have allow for the production of so many macrame duck . phoebe God that be everywhere . what do you do with they . grant you have get one of that as a little , whatdoyoucallit , light fixutre holder or whatever it be . 17 18 10 . phoebe I do not . oh wait a minute I do . Fiona give it to I . fiona yes I do ! Fiona laugh . hold up the wine bottle . fiona would anyone like some more ... she stop , totally unable to find the word she 's look for . fiona some more ... grant look at she , look at the hart 's to see they reaction . fiona ween . she furrow she brow . stare at the wine bottle . fiona wane . wane .... grant no , but I 'il have some wine . phoebe and William stare at she . William break the silence . william yes . yes that would be wonderful Fiona . some more '' wane . '' they laugh . he hold he glass out to she . Fiona do not move to fill it . she stay stand there , think . begins talk as though to no one in particular . fiona the thing be ... CUT to : omitted 17 ext lake - flashback to : sunset - JANUARY - 2003 18 Fiona be ski around the lake at sunset . she look determine , focuss . gradually she slow down . 10a . glide a little . her focus become less clear , she face more and more blank . 11 . fiona ( v.o. ) half the time I wander around look for something which I know be very pertinent . but then , I can not remember what I be look for ... once the idea be lose , everything be lose and I have to wander around try to figure out what it be that be so important earlier . CUT to : 19 int andersson 's livingroom - JUNE 2003 - night 19 Phoebe and grant stare , speechless . fiona I think I may be beginning to disappear . phoebe oh Fiona . you have always be a funny sort of person though have not you ? I mean , remember - you will remember this grant - remember when you two go to Florida that year ? and Fiona leave she fur coat in storage , and then just forget about it ? remember that ? grant oh that be unintentionally on purpose . like it be a sin you be leave behind . Fiona sit back down at the table , join into the process of brush the awkwardness aside . fiona well . the way some people make I feel about fur coat . they laugh . go back to more playful banter . we move to look out the window and move towards the snowy field . grant ( v.o. ) uh ... how be you husband do ? 20 21 12 . marian ( v.o. ) he 's okay . ext marian 's house - february 2005 - morning 20 marian still stand in the door . ( we will keep return to this scene throughout the film , pick up right where we leave off . ) grant my wife and he strike up quite a close friendship . marian I hear about that . grant so . I want to talk to you about something if you have a minute . ext wood - april 2003 - late afternoon 21 grant and Fiona walk together through the wood . they reach a little hollow , skunk lily everywhere . they be the size of platter and spring up like flame . it 's surreal , and beautiful beyond belief . Fiona and grant look at each other , amaze . Fiona bend down and touch one . Fiona look at the flower . then away from it . then back at it again . close she eye . open they . grant watch she quizzically . fiona when I look away , I forget what yellow mean . but I can look again . she pause . thinks . fiona sometimes there 's something delicious in oblivion . grant be move . fiona they generate a heat of they own . grant bend down to feel one . 23 13 . fiona they generate a heat of they own . she stop a minute . thinks . she may have already say this . look at grant hope he do not catch it . he smile . grant I do not feel it . fiona I think ... I think ... you be suppose to be able to put you hand inside the curl petal and feel the heat . she try it . he watch she . she look up at he and smile . this be a gorgeous place , and they be both a bit overwhelm . grant well ? fiona I can not be sure . I can not be sure if what I be feel be the heat or my imagination . she stand up . change she tone to a more certain one . fiona the heat attract bug . she begin to walk away . fiona nature do not fool around just be decorative . grant watch she walk away . look around at the gorgeous flower , savour the image of he wife walk through they . then follow . ext lake huron beach - november 1960' 23 grant 's memory : grant and Fiona in they 2us . they walk , hold hand along the beach . there be divider every so often . steel wall that have staircase on either side . they go up and down they . occasionally there be space between the staircase so that you must walk , balance on the narrow divide until you get to the next one . grant help Fiona over this , hold she hand as she balance . Close on she foot as she walk on the precarious edge . we rise up from she foot to reveal : 24 25 14 . ext lake huron beach - sunset - november 2003 24 back to the present : Fiona be walk along one of this edge now , with grant help she along in much the same way . they nose red , they breath in the air . they do this in silence . and walk further in silence . they settle on the beach , sit on a piece of drift wood . fiona we better get back before it get dark . grant you think after 50 year we will not find we way back ? just because it 's dark ? she smile . take he hand . they look out at the water . grant let 's stay here . a little longer . ext paris ontario bridge - november 2003 - day 25 grant and Fiona be walk along the bridge . grant hold shopping bag . grant cheese . what about cheese ? fiona only if it 's very high cholesterol . they pass a couple about they age . fiona hi there lauren , Michael . they couple coolly nod they head . grant look uncomfortable . there 's some history here . Fiona sigh . fiona poor people . poor human being . they continue walk . fiona oh . I forget my list . grant stop . 26 26a 14a . fiona no no . give I the key . you go on ahead and I 'il meet you there . grant hesitates for a split second . then hand they to she . grant okay . i’1l see you there . grant continue on and Fiona walk in the opposite direction . she see a dog walk by . she stop for a moment , think . she begin to look around , quite confuse . omitted 26 omitted 26a 27 15 . ext paris ontario MAIN STREET - november 2003-day 27 we see she in the distance come towards we down a steep hill . the occasional car stop and she walk around we . finally she come to a stop and just stand there , look all around she , perplex . a car come to a stop in front of she . the driver be stunne . finally sort of lean on he horn . she look into the car and wave politely but be still distract . a police officer , buddy , hear the horn honk and come out of a coffee shop and approach she . she be patient . do not rush she , even though the driver be obviously irate . buddy hi there Mrs. andersson . fiona hi buddy . she 's not really pay attention to he . still worried about something . buddy would you like to have a coffee with I Fiona ? I be just inside there . in Cafe de Paris . fiona oh . I do not drink coffee buddy . make I go to the bathroom . buddy alright then . i’1l buy you a tea . how 's that ? I think Mac there 's in a bit of a hurry to keep drive on up the road . you know how he can be . Fiona peer into the car again . 28 16 . fiona oh. hi Mac . be that you ? where be you on you way to ? Mac , a old farmer , lean out the window . mac to the cattle auction if you do not mind ! fiona not at all . she stay where she be , look around . buddy lead Fiona gently out of the road . int cafe do paris - november 2003 - day 28 Fiona and buddy sit and sip tea at a table overlook the river . buddy can you tell I what you name be ? fiona Fiona . Fiona andersson . buddy can you tell I what the Prime minister name be ? Fiona laugh a little . fiona if you do not know that , young lady , you really should not be in such a responsible job . buddy laugh . fiona listen buddy . you have not see edith and George lately have you ? I think they run off on I . buddy think for a moment . buddy who be edith and George ? Fiona furrow she brow . 17 . 30 int late 1960' house . 30 grant 's memory : Fiona open the door to the bathroom . she be in she mid 2us . crying . she look up at we , defeat . this image play over the follow dialogue . grant ( v.o. ) edith and George . uhhh. edith and George be ... be ... some scraggly mutt she adopt some year ago . as a favour to a friend . she devote herself to they for the rest of they life . buddy ( v.o. ) how long ago ... grant oh . a lifetime ago . I think it may have coincide with the discovery that she be not likely to have child . something about she tube be block or twisted - I can not remember now . 31 int andersson 's livingroom - november 2003 -evening 31 buddy look at grant across the dining room table , Fiona skis on the lake in the background . grant I be afraid I have always avoid think about all that ... female apparatus . buddy so they be dog . dog she have a long time ago . grant have a far off look . grant she pick they up on one of she more eccentric whim . but they be well look after . I think I may have be pick up in much the same way . I do not think I understand that until quite recently . he chuckle to himself . 18 . buddy have you be to see Dr. Fischer about this ? grant no . I suppose I do not really want to hear what she have to say do I ? buddy you can not just walk down the centre of Main Street and then have everything go back to normal . grant no . I realize that . 32 int doctor 's office - november 2003 - morning 32 Dr. Fischer be a kind , attractive small town doctor in she mid forty . Fiona and grant sit in the office . dr . fischer and what year be it ? fiona it 's 2003 . dr . fischer and what be the Prime Minister 's name ? fiona ( to grant ) it seem to I grant that no one in this town read the paper . grant and Dr. fishcer smile and glance at one another . Fiona catch this look and she eye seem to hone in on something between they . just as fast as this intensity come into she eye , it go away again . fiona Peter Martin . grant let out a small breath . dr . fischer and Fiona , if you be to finda letter on the street , address , with a stamp on it . what would you do with it ? Fiona look at she . 33 19 . fiona I would mail it . dr . fischer and where would you put it to mail it ? Fiona be silent . there be a endless pause . dr . fischer and if there be a fire in a movie theater , and you be the first one to spot the fire . what would you do ? another endless pause . fiona we do not go to the movie much anymore . do we grant ? all that multiplex play the same american garbage . have you see my jacket ? she begin to look around the room . she get up , look under thing , behind the desk . grant it 's on the back of the chair there . she stop and look at it . then pick it up and put it on . dr . fischer Fiona . would you mind if I ask you a few more question ? would you mind take a seat ? sit back down . feeling they gaze on she . fiona I be feel a little cold . that 's all . int doctor' office waiting room - november 2003-day 33 Fiona and grant walk out of the office , hold some brochure . they pass a few elderly people and a mother hold a large baby . Fiona comment quite loudly . fiona what a ugly baby . 34 35 36 20 . grant let out a laugh . they snicker together as they go out the door . ext county road - november 2003-day 34 Fiona and grant drive through town , and out into the country side . down the country road , through field , past farm . the brochure sit between they , advertising a retirement home call meadowlake . most of they focus on early onset Alzheimer 's . they look at each other every now and then . they turn down the desolate road towards they house . it run through field , across train track . they turn onto they road , and into they driveway . ext andersson 's driveway - november 2003-day 35 they turn up the drive to they cottage Fiona look at the cottage as though for the first time . fiona when do we move into this cottage ? be it last year or the year before ? grant stop the car . answer directly , with courage . grant it be longer than that . it be when I leave the University . about 20 year ago . shake she head , casually surprised . fiona hmmm . that 's shocking . she look at the brochure . one for meadowlake , a few on live with Alzheimer 's . they look at each other tenderly . she shrug . stroke he face . fiona let 's just see how it go shall we ? ext marian 's house - february 2005 -morning 36 marian still stand in the doorway of she house . she address grant aggressively . marian my husband do not try to start anything with you wife , if that 's what you be get at . ( more ) 37 21. marian ( cont would ) he do not molest she in any way . he be not capable of it and he would not anyway . from what I hear it be the other way round . grant no . that be not it at all . I do not come here with any complaint about anything . marian oh . well I be sorry . I think you do . she do not sound sorry . she look at he for a moment , think . marian you better come in , then . it 's blow cold in through the door . it 's not as warm out today as it look . grant enter the house . relieved that he 's be let inside . int andersson 's livingroom - november 2003 - day 37 Fiona be pour through book on Alzheimer 's . grant glance at she over he paper every now and then . fiona '' never let a person make you feel guilty for you anger with God . '' hmmm . random . grant I do not see what the point be . we can not even be certain that this be what ... you be far too young . fiona there 's a reason it 's call '' early onset '' dear . or maybe I have always be a flake . oh. I like this . '' bpraxia be usually present early in Alzheimer 's disease ... in the early stage , apraxia may be more apparent when the patient face several choice . he may have no difficulty put he shirt on , but when face with a variety of shirt , tie , underwear , trousers , and coat , he may become confuse as to which one to pick first . '' 38 22. she think about this . fiona ( with weight ) they leave you undiagnose a long time . she let out a little laugh . she let this hang between they . they stare at each other . something unspoken but clear . she flick through page . a tense silence . then she begin to read again . fiona should the patient afflict with the disease remain at home , the caregiver will very often be the spouse . int andersson 's kitchen -flashback winter 2003 - sunset 38 over Fiona 's read we see : a pot of water sit on the stove untend , forget about . grant approach it . look at it , sad . he slowly remove it from the element . we stay on he face for a long time . he look out the window at Fiona ski around the large field in the pink sunset . she wave cheerfully . he wave back . she continue ski , until she gradually come to a stop , glide a little . we see the earlier sequence that she tell the hart 's about from he Pov , through the window . fiona ( v.o. ) the caregiver must preside over the degeneration of someone he or she love very much ; must do this for year and year with the news always get worse ; not better , ...- must every few month learn to compensate for new shortcomings with makeshift remedy ; must negotiate impossible request and fantastic observation ; must put up sometimes with derange but at the same time very personal insult ; and must somehow learn to smile through it all . ( more ) 39 40 41 23. fiona ( v.o. ) ( cont would ) caregiver must be able to diagnose a wide variety of ordinary ailment under extraordinary circumstance . imagine the person you love the most suddenly upset about something but completely unable to communicate the problem or even to understand it himself . CUT to : int andersson 's livingroom - november 2003-day 39 fiona ponder this . she smile . fiona sound like a regular marriage . ext lake - december 2003 - late afternoon 40 fiona and grant ski side by side . they glance at each other , in much the same way as we see in the first scene . grant I think I be do . I be go to head in and get supper ready . fiona you have to try to keep up . you be with a young woman , old man . he laugh . grant you 'il come back when you be hungry . fiona I might . he skis towards the cottage . leave she to contemplate the lake . ext lake / wood - december 2003 - late afternoon 4l Fiona continue on ski by herself . she stop at the edge of the wood on the other side of the lake . she take off she skis and enter the wood . the wood be thick . the occasional branch lightly touch she hair or she face . at a certain point she decide to sit down . she sit in the snow . lies back and look up at the tree . 23a . mesmerized by the pink sunset light pour through the top of the pine . she smile . 42 43 44 44a 44 n 47 24 . int andersson 's livingroom - december 2003 - magic hour 42 the sun be down . grant stand alone , look out the window and contemplate the ski track in the snow . a concerned look on he face . ext bridge - december 2003 - magic hour 43 Fiona be walk across the bridge into town . a train go by over the river bridge in the distance . she be in she ski boot . it 's awkward . she look worried , lose . stop and look first one way , then the other . ext wood - december 2003 - evening 44 grant follow the ski track . he follow they to the edge of the wood on the other side of the lake . the skis lie unattend . grant look around . worried now . ext country road - december 2003 44a grant drive , worried . ext paris ontario - december 2003 - night 44 grant drive across the bridge through town . he see Fiona , stare out at the river . he stop the truck and watch she for a moment . then he roll down the window . grant Fiona . fiona hello . I be just think how nice it be that it have not change too much in this part of town . grant get out of the truck and put he arm around she , keep she warm as they look at the limestone back of the building on the river . grant look very concerned . int car - december 2003 - night 47 grant drive Fiona home . they sit in silence for a long time . grant where be you go Fiona ? fiona I be try to get home by follow the fence line . I have count on fence always take you somewhere . 48 49 25 . she say this lightly , as a joke . grant be not amused . she look at he furrow brow . fiona you be go to have to put I in that place . shallowlake ? grant breathes deeply . grant meadowlake . we be not at that stage yet . fiona shallowlake , shillylake , sillylake . sillylake it be . he be irritate by she light manner . int andersson 's livingroom -december 2003 - night 48 they sit in silence at the dining room table . fiona we be at that stage . grant . she put he hand gently on he . fiona we be at that stage . grant hold he head in he hand , he elbow on the table . grant if we do think of it - if we do , it must be as something that be not permanent . a kind of experimental treatment . a rest cure of sort . fiona alright . alright . we can think of it that way . she stroke he hand lovingly . int marian 's house - february 2005 -morning 49 marian lead grant down the front hallway and past the livingroom . it be very neat and organize . the house of a truly practical person . everything polished and organize . a plastic runner down the hall to protect the carpet . it stand in sharp contrast to the comfortable disorder of he house . 50 51 26 . marian we will have to sit in the kitchen where I can hear aubrey . int marian 's kitchen - february 2005 - morning 50 marian pull out a chair for grant to sit in . from a room off the kitchen , he can hear the sound of a television . the door be slightly open and he can just see a man 's foot , support on a wheelchair . marian you might as well have a cup of coffee . grant thanks . marian my son get he on the sport channel a year ago Christmas , I do not know what we have do without it . grant it must be a struggle . marian well . you know . you know what struggle be by now . do not you ? she pour he a coffee . int andersson 's livingroom - december 2uu3-morning 51 grant be stand in he coat in front of Fiona , who be sip she tea while she look out the window . grant you be sure . fiona I be sure . grant you do not want to just get a sense of the place ? I do not want to make this decision alone . Fiona furrow she brow . fiona what place ? 52 53 27 . grant sigh , go to answer . fiona just kid . she allow herself a little laugh . he shake he head . smile . fiona you be not make this decision alone grant . I have already make up my mind . ext meadowlake - december 2uu3-morning 52 grant stand in the parking lot outside the meadowlake retirement facility . int meadowlake check in area —- december 2003 -morning 53 it 's a clean , bright facility . a few elderly people walk past on walker . grant watch a woman look carefully at ten walker that be park together . she examine each one , try to figure out which one be hers . finally choose one and go on she way . grant look at she , wonder if Fiona be really at the point where she need to be here . he watch a nurse tend to one of the woman , theresa , who be also help along by she son , liam . the nurse , Betty , talk to the woman as though she be three year old . grant watch with concern . betty now , Mrs. Taylor . be you ready for you bath ? it 's bath time Mrs. Taylor . that 'il be nice will not it ? theresa yes , that will be fine . liam I x11 come with you Mom . madeleine , the very prim look supervisor come out from behind the desk to meet grant . shake he hand sharply , with a paste on smile . 54 28. madeleine Mr. andersson . madeleine montpellier . I be the supervisor here at meadowlake . grant hi there . madeleine now I be just go to take you on a quick tour of the facility and then we can sit down and discuss Mrs. andersson 's condition and the appropriate time for admit she . she lead he down a long bright hallway , blast with light . madeleine as you can see , we get a lot of light . grant yes . I see that . int meadowlake corridor - december 2003 -morning 54 madeleine lead grant past a conservatory where resident be do a puzzle . madeleine and there , as you can see , they be in the middle of a puzzle over there . they have always get a puzzle on the go . they pass mrs . albright and michael , two resident of meadowlake who be have a conversation . michael hello there sweet madeleine . madeleine hello Michael . they go past a tv area with a giant state of the art television . 28a . madeleine as you can see , we entertainment system be state of the art , and resident can gather here to watch together . she lead he into a dining area , with many window . a elderly man play the same key over and over , create a unsettle soundtrack . the place be decorate for Christmas , with a giant tree and lot of light . elderly people of various capacity eat they lunch with vary degree of help from staff , many have family member visit . there be many stage of altzheimer 's here , but none as strong and capable look as Fiona . grant look nervous . madeleine now we can accommodate any dietary preference or restriction . we be just serve up we Christmas dinner early for the family . grant look at the people eat . who , among they , would Fiona ever elect to spend time with ? she lead he to the elevator . madeleine the old meadowlake be next door . it 's a day centre now . but this one , for the permanent resident , be brand spanking new . ( more ) 29 . madeleine ( cont would ) they pause outside the elevator . madeleine press the button . a resident , eliza , walk by lean on she walker . on she walker be a cup of tea . she walk at such a slow pace , it seem to take she forever . she look up at grant . eliza just take my tea for a ride . grant smile warmly at she . another woman , Florence , walk by . eliza address she . eliza look at this one flo . a real charmer be not he ? would you say ? be you a charmer ? grant laugh . grant oh I think you could say I be a bit of a charmer . he give she a lovely smile . dash . eliza you be a rascal . be you move in with we ? madeleine Mr. andersson be here about he wife , eliza . behave yourself . 55 30 . eliza oh I should have know it . at this age it 's .... what do the kid call it flo ? a real cluster fuck . the charmer be all take . or dead . mostly dead . grant laugh . the elevator door open and before he get in he give eliza a little peck on the cheek . she 's thrilled . grant you be pretty charming yourself sweetheart . eliza beam . int second floor - december 2uu3-morning 55 the elevator door open and madeleine and grant come onto the second floor . the resident be be feed by young attendant . something Brittany spearsish be play on a cheap stereo system . almost everyone here be totally silent except for a few that be moan . this people be very far go . grant look alarmed . madeleine now this be the second floor - we extend care wing . the elevator here have a lock down system . this be where resident can move to once they get more progress . grant smile . grant interesting choice of word . madeleine look at he . she do not like he much . smile anyway . that paste on smile again . madeleine I ' 1l show you some of the room here while we be at it . then i’1l show you we regular floor where Mrs. andersson will be live . grant that will not be necessary . my wife will not be '' progress '' to this floor . he say it with determination . look right at she . 56 31 . madeleine alright . they press the elevator button again . wait . a awkward pause in the conversation between grant and madeleine . a Britney spearsish song be play . something occur to grant . he turn around to glance at one of the young attendant . she sing along to the music . grant who choose the music ? madeleine I be sorry ? grant I be assume it 's not the '' resident . '' I do not see any of they sing along . madeleine glance back . madeleine the room on we regular floor have they own stereo system . the resident can play whatever they want . they enter the elevator . grant stare at the 2nd floor and its resident as the door close . grant how kind . int madeleineas office -december 2003 - morning 56 madeleine sit across from grant and hand he some document . madeleine now we do not accept anyone during the month of December , so Mrs. andersson would have to wait until January to make the big move . then we have have one of we executive room available just like the one I show you . grant look at she questioningly . madeleine December ... Christmas just have so many emotional pitfall . 32 . grant right . kristy , a attractive woman in she late thirty enter the room . kristy sorry to interrupt madeleine . I be just look for the document on aubrey bark . madeleine go ahead . Mr. andersson , this be kristy , we manage nurse . kristy reach out she hand . jovial , sweet . kristy against some people 's better judgement . madeleine Mr. andersson be here about he wife , Mrs. andersson who will be a resident here with we in January . kristy hi there . grant hi . madeleine get back to business . kristy be search the binder on the bookshelf . madeleine we also have a policy that we new resident can not receive visitor or take phone call for the first thirty day . to give the resident time to adjust . grant what kind of visitor ? madeleine everyone . even close family . grant look take aback . grant I could not just leave she here . 32a . madeleine well , we understand this be really the hard part . ( more ) 57 33. madeleine ( cont would ) but most people need that time to get settle in . before we have the rule in place , they have often forget over and over again why they be be leave here . whereas we find , if they have a month to adjust , they end up happys as clam . meadowlake 's they home then . after that , it 's perfectly fine for they to take a little visit home every now and then . of course , that do not apply to the one on the second floor . it 's too difficult , and they do not know where they be anyway . grant my wife be not go to the second floor . madeleine no . I just like to make everything clear at the outset . kristy be head out the door with a binder . she give grant a squeeze on the shoulder . kristy we will take good care of she . I promise . she smile warmly , genuinely . grant look up at she . trust she . give she a smile . int meadowlake dine area - december 2003 - afternoon 57 a female resident at meadowlake sit absolutely silently . her friend , about the same age , sit equally silently , she hand on she friend 's face . they stare at each other lovingly , tragically . many resident eat with child and grandchild . meadowlake be heavily decorate for the holiday , and a turkey dinner be be serve . the camera move among the table catch snippet of conversation . Michael sit with he familiy , talk , as do mrs . jenkins and mrs albright . Mrs. albright 's daughter , rebecca , complain to she that she complain too much . eliza sit with she family . she speak in sign language to she hearing impair daughter , stella . she be very affectionate with she . the rest of the family talk among themselves , not pay attention to either of they . we travel along the table catch snippet of conversation . 33A . a woman a little young than grant , marian sit down beside he , stare at a man in a wheelchair who sit among the other resident , stare vacantly . she watch he , with tear in she eye . grant look in she direction compassionately . she give he a little smile through she tear . she pick up she purse and walk out . grant watch as the family take leave of they relative . slowly , in a series of dissolves , the common area empty out . leave the resident feel empty , alone , and gasp for more . 59 60 61 34 . they stare out window , or wheel or shuffle themselves back to they room . the light have change . it be late afternoon and grant have be sit there watch for a long time . int andersson 's bedroom - december 2003 - night 59 grant lie in bed stare at the ceiling while Fiona sleep . int andersson 's bedroom - december 2003 - morning 60 grant still sleep . Fiona get up quietly . int andersson 's livingroom - december 2003 - morning 61 Fiona sit at the dining room table stir she coffee . grant enter in he housecoat , rub he eye . grant smell good . fiona I be go to go for a ski but I think I should not chance it . what with the Alzheimer 's and all . she smile at he . grant why do not you wake I ? she pick up some form from the dining room table . fiona what be this grant ? grant they be the ... the form to fill out . if you decide to go to meadowlake . she look frustrated . fiona but that be exactly what I have decide . you be to go and sign this form . and leave they there . be it cold ? be it dark ? 63 64 65 66 35 . grant no . it get a lot of light . she look at he , question . grant I would not be allow to visit for 30 day . she come around to he , put she arm around he . fiona 30 day be not such a long time after 44 year . grant I do not think I like the place . fiona I do not think we should be look for something we like here grant . I do not think we will ever find that . I think all we can aspire to in this situation be a little bit of grace . grant see she unmovable determination and nod . int andersson 's livingroom - december 2003 - night 63 there be a Christmas tree light up and a fire in the fire place . grant and Fiona dance to '' harvest Moon '' by Neil Young . she put she foot on top of he and he lead she around the room . they murmur softly to each other . int another house ( late 50 be ) 64 grant 's memory : grant and Fiona ( in she teens ) , dance exactly the same way . he move a strand of hair away from she forehead lovingly . she bat he hand away laugh . pull he earlobe lovingly . int andersson 's livingroom - december 2003 - night 65 grant try to move a strand of hair away from she forehead . she let he for a moment . then playfully bat he hand away in much the same manner as when she be young . again , she tenderly pull he earlobe . int andersson 's front hallway - JANUARY 2004 - early morning 66 Fiona 's bag be pack . she be dress up a little . she look at herself in the mirror . grant watch she . 67 68 36 . fiona I guess I will be dress up all the time . or semi dress up . it ‘’1ll be sort of like in a hotel . she put on she good coat . apply she usual red lipstick . fiona how do I look ? grant just like always . just as you have always look . fiona and what do that look like ? grant direct and vague . sweet and ironic . fiona be that how I look ? she look directly at he . they watch each other . smile . ext county road - JANUARY 2004 - early morning 67 grant and Fiona drive in silence . '' harvest Moon '' continue to play . Fiona spot something just off the road . fiona oh. remember ? grant look and see the little hollow where they walk in the spring . the bright yellow flower be go . now it be cover in snow . grant smile at she . look ahead . it 's all he can do to not turn the car around . fiona you look surprised grant . grant not surprised . just grateful . I be grateful you can remember that . int meadowlake check in area - JANUARY 2004 - morning 68 they stand in the check - in area , wait for someone to come to the desk . a tear fall down Fiona 's face . fiona you have be good to I grant . 69 37 . grant clutches the hand on he face . kiss it desperately . madeleine come out of she office . sense the weight of the moment she be walk into . madeleine should I give you two a moment ? grant yes please . fiona no thank you . i’1ll go to my room now . madeleine alright Mrs. andersson . we ’1ll get you settle into you room . and then I 'il take you on a tour of the facility . grant look pleadingly at Fiona . fiona yes . that sound lovely . she give grant a squeeze on the arm . he reluctantly follow they towards the room . int fiona 's room - JANUARY 2004 - morning 69 it 's a nice room . a bright window . tastefully decorate . fiona yes . this will do just fine . madeleine glance at the few suitcase they bring in with they . madeleine I be glad you like it Mrs. andersson . be this all you bring with you today ? fiona for now . grant we ’1ll see how it go . madeleine take a gage of they different idea of the situation . talk to grant , pointedly . 38 . madeleine well . you let we know if you need any help arrange thing . he shoot she a glare . fiona ( politely ) thank you Mrs. montpellier . now if you would not mind , I have like to say goodbye to my husband . we have not be apart for a month for the last 44 year . it will be quite something . madeleine absolutely . you just come and find I in my office when you be ready . fiona I will . madeleine leave the room . grant sink down on the bed , grab Fiona 's hand and pull she down with he . grant please Fiona . fiona grant . you know what I have really like ? grant Fiona ... she stroke he face . kiss he . fiona I would like to make love . and then I would like you to go . because I need to stay here . but if you make this hard for I I think I will cry so hard I 'il never stop . she have tear roll down she cheek . it 's excruciate but he manage to nod . she kiss he again . they make love on the well make bed . 70 71 72 39 . int fiona 's room - JANUARY 2004 - morning - later 70 grant and Fiona lie in each other arm . he cling to she . she kiss he lightly on the forehead . fiona go now . go now . he kiss she passionately . pull himself away . awkwardly put he clothes on . he be clumsy . he do up he shoe . it seem to take forever . Fiona just watch he . he give up , leave he shirt open , he pants undone . he lean in for one final kiss . tear himself away . leave the room . Fiona wave lightly at the close door . int corridor - JANUARY 2004 - morning 71 grant stand outside the door do up he pants . a nurse pass by . look shocked . grant shrug awkwardly . walk down the hall . int conservatory - JANUARY 2004 - morning 72 grant see kristy , the manage nurse , tend to a old man in a wheelchair . the man have vacant eye . he tentatively approach she . grant hello there . she warmly extend she hand . kristy kristy . we meet on you tour . be Mrs. andersson settle in ? he nod noncommittally . grant I be wonder if I could talk to you for a minute . ask you advice . kristy sure . Mr. bark and I be just read here . maybe when I be finish this chapter I 'il come find you in the check - in area ? how 's that ? grant yes . that 's 1ll be fine thanks . 73 40 . kristy go back to read to this almost comatose man . clearly , and without condescension . int meadowlake dine area - JANUARY 2004 - morning 73 grant sit nervously on one of the plush chair . he watch as eliza speak in sign language with a woman in she 30 's who appear to be she daughter . they be animated and involved . madeleine peek she head out the door . madeleine be she ready for the tour ? grant uh. I be not sure . I need a moment to think about all this . madeleine come and sit beside he . madeleine if I may say so Mr. andersson . you wife seem quite happy to come in today . it can be much more difficult than this . it almost always be . I can not emphasize enough how valuable a lack of drama can be in a situation like this . grant smile a little . dumbfound at she insensitivity . madeleine i’1l give she a few minute and then I 'il go and see how she 's do . madeleine leave . grant watch as frank , male resident be slowly escort in the door by betty , the nurse . frank speak quickly and constantly as he come through the door . frank and we be move down the centre , and young Betty be help I , and we be go back up , back up to the second floor and we be move past the dining room ... kristy hi there Mr. andersson . now how can I help you ? 41 . she take a seat beside he . she notice he watch the male resident . kristy oh. that 's Frank . he use to be the play by play guy for the winnipeg jet . grant watch he as he go , still do a play by play of he every movement . dumbfound . grant really . kristy smile . kristy he love he job too much to retire . she shrug . kristy Frank 's on the second floor . grant I just ... my wife have always be a different sort of person . and I be wonder . I be tell that Alzheimer 's can not be confirm until after ... and on the way here today , she just ... we pass the conservation area where we go on a walk last spring . there be this gorgeous flower . this skunk lily . kristy that be beautiful be not they . grant they really make a impression you see . and today , even though the whole place be cover in snow , she say '' oh. remember . '' now that be quite recently . about nine month ago . be not the short term memory the thing that go first ? 42. kristy well . yes . but not all at once . and what 's comforting be the long term memory sometimes stay for quite a long time . grant look uncomfortable . grant yes . her long term memory seem very intact . this have a weight to it . she look at he carefully . absorb he tone . grant when she say that . about the skunk lily . it be all I could do not to turn the car around . what if ... what if all this be just she ... be herself ? she 's so young to ... kristy let he think in silence for a moment . kristy she be young . and this be hard . no doubt about that . a month be a real long time . between you and I , I do not know about the policy myself . I think it make it easier on the staff be what I think . but look . here 's my pager number . you can call I whenever you want . call every day if you feel like it . I will let you know how she 's do . and I ’'1ll keep a special eye on she . she see he 's still nervous . he sigh . kristy look . we be pretty nice around here . I do not know about the one in charge . but the one that will be in direct contact with Mrs. andersson . we be a pretty nice bunch if i do say so myself . grant I do not know what to do . 74 74z a 75 76 43. madeleine enter again . madeleine Mr. andersson . here 's a note from Mrs. andersson . she ask that I pass it along . he open it up . it read : '' go now . I love you . go now . fona . '' he stare at the spelling mistake . grant ( whisper ) okay . okay . he turn to kristy . grant thanks so much . he leave the building . kristy look after he compassionately . ext county road - JANUARY 2004 - morning 74 k.d. lang 's version of '' after the goldrush '' play over the next several scene . grant drive home sadly . he pass the skunk lily hollow . look at it solemnly . int andersson 's bedroom - JANUARY 2004 - night 74a grant read from a book on Alzheimer 's . this voice over continue over the next few scene . grant ( v.o. ) throughout much of the think brain , gooey plaque now crowd neuron from outside the cell membrane , and knotty tangles mangle microtubule transport from inside the cell . int meadowlake dine area - JANUARY 2004 - morning 75 kristy introduce Fiona to the man in the wheelchair with the vacant eye . she greet he warmly . sit down beside he . int andersson 's kitchen - JANUARY 2004 - night 76 grant do the dish . when he go to put the fry pan away he pause . look at it . then put it in a cupboard . 77 79 82 83 86 44 , ext lake JANUARY 2004 - magic hour 77 grant skis around the lake all by himself . he skis around and around as the sun go down and leave the sky pink over a countryside that seem to be bound by wave of blue-edged ice . he stop on the other side of the lake from the house . stare at the house . extremely wide shot of grant stand alone in the snowy field stare at he lonely cottage . grant ( v.o . ) all tell , ten of million of synapse dissolve away . because the structure and substructure of the brain be so highly specialize , the precise location of the neuronal loss determine what specific ability will become impair . it be like a series of circuit breaker in a large house flipping off one by one . ext lake - JANUARY 2004 - night 79 grant stand still on the lake , still look back at the house . one by one , all the light in the house switch themselves off . ext andersson 's cottage —- early morning 82 grant take down a string of Christmas light from the front of the house . ext lake - JANUARY 2004 - day 83 36 fps as grant lace up he ski boot . take a few stride . decide against it . head back to the cottage . int marian 's kitchen - february 2005 - morning 86 on the kitchen counter there be all sort of contrivance and appliance - coffeemaker , food processor , knife sharpener , etc . all look new and expensive , as if they have just be take out of they wrapping or polished daily . grant decide it might be a good idea to admire thing . grant that 's a great look coffeemaker . I always mean to get one of that . I see they have they on sale at the canadian Tire . 87 89 45 . marian they give we that . we son and he wife . they live in kamloop , b.c . they send we more stuff than we can handle . it would not hurt if they would spend the money to come and see we instead . grant ( philosophical ) I suppose they be busy with they life . marian give a sharp laugh . marian they be not too busy to go to Hawaii last winter . you could understand it if we have somebody else in the family , closer at hand . but he 's the only one . she pour the coffee into two brown and green ceramic mug that she take from the amputate branch of a ceramic tree trunk that sit on the table . she sit down with he . grant hesitantly begin to speak . grant people do get lonely . if they be deprive of see somebody they care about . Fiona , for instance . my wife . marian I think you say you go and visit she . grant I do . that 's not it . int andersson 's bedroom - february 2004 - morning 87 grant smooth he hair . appraise he appearance carefully . flashback : int different house 89 grant 's memory : grant , in he 30 's , smooth he hair in the bathroom mirror . Fiona appear behind he . straighten he tie for he . she encircle she arm around he waist . kiss he neck . they stare at each other in the mirror . 91 92 46 . ext county road - february 2004 - morning 91 grant drive down the long country road to meadowlake . he look so excited and happy . title card : AUBREY and the forgetting int meadowlake corridor february 2004 -morning 92 grant go down the hall quickly , the flower hold awkwardly in he hand . madeleine see she office . madeleine there you be . I will take you to she . she look at the flower . madeleine wow . narcissus this early . you must have spend a fortune . they walk down the corridor . madeleine funny . they all come in with flower . even if they be not the flower buy type . they all turn into guilty husband . only thing miss be the affair . the important thing to remember be you have do nothing wrong . they pass a few people in wheelchair , stare off into space , murmure to themselves , etc . a woman pass they , clearly in a haze . mrs . albright I be certain I leave my sweater in the church . just this morning . I leave my sweater in the church . kristy , who be pass by , tenderly place she hand on the old woman 's shoulder . kristy well maybe someone pick it up for you and put it in you room Mrs. albright . in 1l help you look for you sweater . 93 94 47 . the woman calm down . nod . go back in the direction she come from . kristy see grant . kristy great to see you Mr. andersson . she give he a squeeze on the shoulder . she continue down the hall . madeleine there now . you remember from last time you be here do not you ? there 's she room right there . her name plate 's right on the door . i’1l leave you to it . madeleine leave . grant pause in front of the door . look at the handmade nameplate . it be sloppily make , but have '' Fiona , '' neatly write , and a few yellow clay flower decorate it . they be very like the skunk lily . he touch they gently . smile . pause a moment . not sure if he should knock or not . decide he should . knock gently . he open the door . int fiona 's room - february 2004 - morning 93 grant peek he head in the door . grant Fiona ? no answer . the room be empty . there be still nothing personal in the room . the bed be make . there be a glass of water and a box of kleenex on the bedside table . no photo , picture of any kind , not a book or a magazine . he look around disappointed . leave the room . omitted 94 95 48. int dine area - february 2004 -morning 95 resident sit along the wall , in easy chair , other at table in the middle of the carpete floor . the same man that be play the piano during grant 's tour , play it again now . pick away with one finger and never achieve a tune . a group of resident sit and play card . grant see Fiona , in profile , sit up close to the card table but not play . she be sit very closely beside the man in the wheelchair . she look a little different . her hair be pull back in a unfamiliar style . her usual red lipstick go . kristy come up behind grant . kristy there she be . you just go up and say hello and try not to startle she . remember she may not - well . just go ahead . kristy look concerned . grant walk towards the table . as he approach , all the card player look up , include Fiona . the rest of the player look back down at they card again , except Fiona . she smile she sly , charming smile , push back she chair and come around to he , put she finger to she mouth . fiona ( whisper ) Bridge . deadly serious . they be quite rabid about it . she draw he towards the coffee table . sit he down beside she . speak to he very politely , as you would a acquaintance . fiona I can remember be like that for a while at college . my friend and I would cut class and sit in the common room and smoke and play like cutthroat . one 's name be Phoebe , I do not remember the other . grant Phoebe hart . fiona you know she too ? can I get you anything ? a cup of tea ? I be afraid the coffee be not up to much here . grant I do not drink tea ... 49 , grant be paralyse . he want to throw he arm around she but something about she demeanour make it impossible . at a loss , he search around for something to say . grant I bring you some flower . I think they have do to brighten up you room . I go to you room , but you be not there . fiona well no . I be here . there be a awkward pause . grant you have make a new friend . he indicate the man in the wheelchair . the man look up , Fiona look back at he . fiona it 's just aubrey . the funny thing be I know he year and year ago . he work in the store . the hardware store where my grandpa use to shop . he and I be always kid around and he could not get up the nerve to ask I out . till the very last weekend and he take I to a ball game . but when it be over my grandpa show up to drive I home . I be up visit for the summer . visit my grandparent -— they live in a cottage on the lake . grant Fiona . I know where you grandparent live . it 's where we live . live . Fiona be distract by aubrey 's look . he be look at she quite intensely , with a kind of command in he eye . fiona really ? Fiona turn back to grant nervously . 49a , fiona I better go back . he think he can not play without I sit there . ( more ) 96 97 98 50 . fiona ( cont would ) it 's silly , I hardly know the game anymore . I be afraid you 'il have to excuse I . grant will you be through soon ? fiona oh we should be . it depend . if you go and ask that grim look lady nicely she will get you some tea . she indicate a particularly stern look attendant behind a coffee urn . grant I be fine . fiona so I all leave you then , you can entertain yourself ? it must all seem strange to you , but you will be surprised how soon you get use to it . you 's 1ll get to know who everybody be . except that some of they be pretty well off in the cloud , you know - you can not expect they all to get to know who you be . she leave grant and go back to she chair at the table . she whisper something into aubrey 's ear and tap she finger across the back of he hand . grant watch they for a while . then get up and leave . as he do aubrey give he a suspicious look . Fiona give he a polite little wave . int bright hallway -february 2004 -afternoon 96 we watch grant as he walk alone down the long hallway , bath in late winter afternoon light . ext granth vehicle / andersson 's driveway - february 2004 - 97 afternoon grant drive home . ext andersson 's cottage - february 2004 -afternoon 98 grant get out of the car . pause before he put the key in the door . sigh . leans he head against the door . 99 100 51 . omitted 99 int dine area - february 2004 -morning 100 grant see Fiona at the same table she be at the day before . right beside aubrey . he catch she eye . she wave politely . indicate that she will be a few minute . aubrey give she a stern look . she place she hand on he . grant , defeat , sit down on the sofa with the wilted flower on he lap . kristy see he and sit down next to he . kristy you catch she at sort of a bad moment . involve in a game . grant she 's not even play . kristy well , but she friend 's play . aubrey . grant so who be aubrey ? kristy that 's who he be . aubrey . she look up to see the look on grant 's face . kristy they get this attachment . that take over for a while . best buddy sort of thing . it 's kind of a phase . he go to say something . it 's hard to get the word out . grant do she even know who I be ? kristy she might not . not today . then tomorrow - you never know , do you ? thing change back and forth all the time . you ’1ll see the way it be once you get use to come here . ( more ) 101 102 52 . kristy ( cont would ) you 'il learn not to take it all so serious . learn to take it day by day . they watch aubrey and Fiona . it be difficult for aubrey to manage the card . Fiona shuffles and deal for he , and sometimes move quickly to straighten a card that seem to be slip from he grasp . a wisp of Fiona 's hair touch he face and he give a husbandly frown . Fiona push she chair back and come over to greet grant . grant stand , and awkwardly go to kiss she on the cheek . she politely accept , though it 's clear that this make she uncomfortable . she shoot a nervous glance back at aubrey who intentionally drop all of he card to the floor . fiona ( to grant ) oh I be sorry . i’1l have to go fix that now . grant watch as Fiona bend down and pick up all of aubrey 's card . aubrey calm down as she take she place beside he and continue on with the game . omitted 101 int meadowlake tv area - MARCH 2004 - day 102 grant watch as Fiona and aubrey watch golf on television with the other resident . he sit a few chair away from they . they be totally transfix . there be silence as the player make he swing and the ball make its lonely , appoint journey across the sky . aubrey and Fiona hold they breath . aubrey 's breath break out first , express satisfaction or disappointment . Fiona 's chime in on the same note a moment later . grant notice this with irritation . 103 104 53. he get up to leave , try to make eye contact with Fiona , but fail . omitted 103 int bright hallway - MARCH 2004 - morning 104 grant see Fiona push aubrey down the hall . grant hello Fiona . fiona oh hello there . you be very persistent be not you . grant awkwardly hold out some book . grant I bring you some book . I notice they do not have all that many around here . grant letter from Iceland by auden . we always mean to read it together . remember ? she look at he blankly . he look at aubrey who be stare up at he , irritate at be interrupt . grant Fiona . do you think ... would it be possible to talk alone ? fiona oh . I be not sure . aubrey 's card game start in a few minute and then we usually go walk and then he do he draw . 105 106 107 54 . grant ( irritate ) well perhaps you could make some time a little later . i’1l wait here . or i’1l come back in a few hour . fiona ( playfully ) you be persistent be not you ? she continue walk with aubrey , leave he alone . aubrey be hold a few drawing on he lap and as they walk away , one flutter loose . grant pick it up and be about to hand it back to he . he stop as he get a good glimpse of it . it 's a very precise draw of Fiona as she look when she be young . he stare at it , and then after aubrey and Fiona . omitted 105 int meadowlake stairwell -march 2004 -day 106 grant stand look through the window watch Fiona push aubrey around . Fiona catch he eye . now she look a little concerned . she turn aubrey around in the other direction before he can see grant . eliza come up behind grant giggle . eliza that Fiona and aubrey . they have really get it bad , have not they ? grant smile , uncomfortable . eliza maybe it 's time you start branching out too you rascal . he give she a polite smile and leave . int meadowlake tv area - MARCH 2004 - afternoon 107 grant sit watch a hockey game with some of the resident . Frank be do play by play to the game . grant go over and turn of the sound on the tv . the resident clap as Frank take over the commentary . 108 55 . Fiona approach he from behind . put she hand on he shoulder . he look around with a start . grasp she hand , think she remember he . she politely pull it away . fiona I just come down to say . aubrey be have he afternoon nap . if you have like to talk . grant yes . shall we go somewhere a little quieter ? fiona if you like . int fiona 's room - MARCH 2004 - afternoon 108 Fiona sit in a chair . grant sit on the bed . smooth out the sheet remember they last encounter in this room . he look around at the wall which have many of aubrey 's drawing pin up . they be all different angle of Fiona , look so much like the image we have see of she in the past , it 's uncanny . fiona you say you have some book for I . grant yes . he take the book out . grant letter from Iceland . fiona yes you say . by auden . grant ( excited that she remember ) yes . that 's right . fiona now where be Iceland . 56 . grant sink . as he describe Iceland we see Super 8 and archival footage of Iceland . earthquake , geysirs , highway bridge carry off by giant movement of ice and water . grant Iceland be ... it 's in the middle of the Atlantic . it 's a island . it 's the youngest country in the world . it 's constantly erupting . volcanos and earthquake . it 's always ... shaking itself off . Fiona reply with casual interest . fiona hmm . would not it be nice . to be from a young country . grant you be . that 's where you be from . where you people be from . they immigrate here in the late 1800' . you people be on the first voyage from the north . a place call akyuyeri . they come to Canada . that 's where you be from Fiona . and I teach ... I teach the myth from there . norse mythology . Fiona look very vulnerable . fiona I must have be there then . have I be there ? grant no. fiona but ... be not I curious ? grant oh you be very curious . very curious . he smile tenderly . stroke she hand . grant you always say , there ought to be one place you think about and know about and maybe even long for - but never do get to see . 57 . she smile sadly . fiona do I I say that ? grant yes . you say that . she smile . then something occur to she . she look at he . upset . she look quite angry and quite present . she stare at grant for a long time , totally familiar and direct . grant look afraid of what she might be about to say . then she polite manner be back , suddenly . all of a sudden she treat he like a stranger again . fiona well I better go see to aubrey . he 'il be want a little walk around I suppose . it be nice chat . I suppose you 'il be back again tomorrow . she go to stand up . he take she hand back . she look down at it . grant Fiona . fiona yes ? grant what be you do ? what be you do with aubrey ? she take she =hand back . look he in the eye . fiona he do not confuse I . he do not confuse I at all . she walk to the door . turn around . very polite and formal . 109 110 58. fiona well . it be nice chat . I suppose you will be back again tomorrow . grant sit on the bed for a while , think . he place the book carefully on the bedside table . int bright hallway - MARCH 2004 - afternoon 109 36 fps . grant be on he way out the door . he pass Fiona help aubrey out of he chair . he hold onto the rail on the wall and support himself by lean on she as he take a few tentative step . a small group of resident and nurse clap . both Fiona and aubrey look somewhat proud and bashful . grant leave . int dine area -march 2004 - late afternoon 110 grant and kristy eat slice of pie and drink coffee . grant who be he ? kristy he 's ... aubrey ? grant yes . aubrey . kristy aubrey . he be the local guy for this company that sell weed killer and all that kind of stuff . he be a fine person . grant nod . grant what happen to he ? do he have a stroke ? kristy when he be not very old or even retire he suffer some unusual kind of damage . they just go on holiday somewhere and he get something , like some bug , that give he a terrible high fever ? and it put he in a coma and leave he like he be now . ( more ) 58a . kristy ( cont would ) between you and I I would not be surprised if it have something to do with that weed killer . his wife be the one take care of he usually . she take care of he at home . she just put he in here on temporary care so she could get a break . her sister want she to go to Florida . ( more ) 59 . kristy ( cont would ) see , she 's have a hard time , you would not ever have expect a man like he - grant I see . grant try to use a calm , indulgent tone . grant do this affection between resident ... do they ever go too far ? kristy depend what you mean . there be a awkward silence . grant be get nervous . kristy the trouble we have in here , it 's funny , it 's often with some of the one that have not be friendly with each other at all . they maybe will not even know each other , beyond know , like , be it a man or a woman ? you have think it have be the old guy try to crawl in bed with the old woman , but you know half the time it 's the other way round . Old woman go after the old man . could be they be not so wear out I guess . she stop smile , as if she 's afraid she have speak too callously . kristy do not take I wrong . I do not mean Fiona . Fiona be a lady . she 's a real lady . grant well I sometimes wonder - kristy ( a little sharply ) you wonder what ? 111 112 60 . grant I wonder whether she be not put on some kind of charade . kristy a what ? grant some kind of act . maybe a kind of punishment . kristy look at he fondly . pat he hand . kristy now why would she do that . he look at she in a way that make she know that he 's talk about something very real . kristy oh . ext andersson 's cottage - MARCH 2004 - late afternoon 111 grant shovel snow . he throw himself into the work , exhaust himself . int meadowlake dine area / corridor-march 2004 - morning 112 grant watch from the the couch in the dining area while aubrey walk , a little more confidently now hold onto Fiona for support . Fiona be wear a very bright , tacky sweater . completely different from she other clothing . madeleine walk by . grant get she attention . grant Excuse I . Excuse I ! madeleine yes Mr. andersson . what can I help you with ? grant she 's ... Fiona . she 's wear someone else 's sweater . madeleine look over at Fiona . madeleine it 's pretty be not it . 61 . grant no . it be not pretty . it 's tacky . and she would never wear it . madeleine well , if you like you can talk to the on duty attendant on Mrs. andersson 's wing . grant keep watch Fiona , support aubrey as he make he way slowly across the room . madeleine pause to watch with he . madeleine it 's a marvel really . the way she 's get he up and out of that chair . she walk off . grant watch Fiona laugh with aubrey who be smile a little . grant get more and more upset . he go up to Fiona , grab she wrist . grant Fiona . she be startle . grant Fiona . I be you husband . Fiona . she look away . she do not want to see he . keeps she head lock to the side . grant Fiona . it 's grant . you husband . we have be marry for 45 year . look at I . Fiona . we live in you grandparent cottage . we ski every day together on the lake . every night we make dinner together and I read to you and you fall asleep in my lap and I carry you to bed . you propose to I when you be 18 . that be not you sweater . we have have a good life together . that be you word , not mine . Fiona . that be not you sweater . Fiona will not look at he . have tear stream down she face . aubrey be make panicked sound . want to help she get free of grant but can not move . she pull she wrist away from he violently . 112a 113 62. then pull the sleeve of she sweater straight and compose herself . she help aubrey to sit back down in he wheelchair . he be make desperate animal sound . she coo to he try to settle he down . grant put he face in he hand . once aubrey have settle somewhat , Fiona take grant hand and lead he around the corner . aubrey 's sound grow louder and louder . Fiona look sternly at grant . seem about to say something . a long pause while she look at he . whatever it be she be go to say , she decide not to say it . fiona I 'il see you again tomorrow I suppose . please do not ... please do not . grant nod , devastate . Fiona laugh , embarrassed by everything that have just happen . fiona you be persistent be not you . I wish I know what ... she laugh lightly . brushes she tear away . fiona we ’1ll see you again tomorrow I suppose . she walk away from grant . get aubrey out of he chair again and support they as they walk down the hall . int bright hallway - day 112a grant watch they go as they walk , together , away from he , down the long , sun bath corridor . ( 36 fps ) int marian 's kitchen - february 2005 - morning 113 grant sit nervously at marian 's table . he be gear up to say something . not sure how to begin . he stir he coffee , think . marian watch he closely . marian you be not do too well be you ? no big surpirse . what we be deal with here be not so easy . I think I would marry someone who have be there with I to the final stretch . and I be betting you think the same . it do not work out that way . ( more ) 63 . marian ( cont would ) so . I think you come here for a reason . I be the kind you can just say thing flat out to . so shoot . grant take a breath and then take the plunge . grant I be wonder if you could consider take aubrey back to meadowlake . maybe just one day a week for a visit ? it 's only a drive of a few mile , it would not be too difficult would it ? he have a idea . grant or ... if you have like to take the time off - I suppose I could take aubrey out there myself . I would not mind at all . this be not part of what he have plan to say , and he 's rather dismay to hear himself suggest it . grant I be sure I could manage it . and I be sure you could use a break . while he talk she move she close lip and she hide tongue as if she be try to identify some dubious flavour . she get up and get some milk . pour it into he coffee . go back to the counter and grab a plate of ginger cookie . they be perfectly round . she set the plate down in front of he . marian homemade . grant pick one up . marvel at its perfect roundness . grant really . 64 . she pour milk into she coffee . stir it . grant wait in the interminable , awkward silence . glance at AUBREY 's foot , visible through the door . marian no . no I can not do that . and the reason be , I be not go to upset he . grant ( earnest ) would it upset he ? marian yes , it would . it would . bring he home and take he back . bring he home and take he back , that 's just confusing he . grant but would not he understand that it be just a visit ? would not he get into the pattern of it ? marian he understand everything all right . she say this as though he have just insulted AUBREY . marian if I go to all that trouble I have prefer to take he someplace that be more fun . it have make more sense to take he to the mall where he could see kid and whatnot . if it do not make he sore about he own two grandson he never get to see . I have get to get he all ready and pack up he chair and maneuver he into the car , and he 's a big man , he 's not so easy to manage as you might think . all that and what for ? grant but even if I agree to do it ? it 's true , you should not have the trouble . marian ( flatly ) you could not . you do not know he . you could not handle he . ( more ) 65 . marian ( cont would ) he would not stand for you do for he . all that bother and what would he get out of it ? grant consider say something about Fiona . decide not to . she get up and fetch she cigarettes and lighter from the window above the sink . marian you smoke ? grant no , thanks . marian do you never ? or do you quit ? grant quit . marian how long ago be that ? he think about it . grant thirty year . no - more . grant 's mind wander momentarily , remember the circumstance in which he quit . marian I have quit quit . she light up . marian just make a resolution to quit quit , that 's all . she look at he , size he up . 114 115 66 . marian so you wife 's depressed ? what 's you wife 's name ? I forget . grant it 's Fiona . int conservatory-march 2004 - night 114 aubrey and Fiona sit by the fountain . they sit among the lush and tropical look plant . Fiona talk softly to he . we move around the fountain to find grant sit alone , catch glimpsis of they through the leave . mix in with the sound of the leave rustling and the bird in the cage and the sound of splash water be Fiona 's soft talk and laughter . then a sort of chortle which sound like it might be come from aubrey . then some word , which be definitely come from aubrey . his voice be soft and strain . grant squint he eye , try desperately to make out what he be say . then there be silence . then a few clear word . AUBREY take care . he 's here . my love . grant look into the blue bottom of the fountain 's pool . stare at the coin . kristy ( 0.s. ) and how old be you when you meet ? ext meadowlake - MARCH 2004 - day 115 kristy take a smoke break . grant sip a coffee to keep she company . grant she be 18 . kristy Holy . that 's pretty young to get marry eh ? grant it be not my idea . but it be a good one I think . kristy she propose to you ? grant nod . 67 . kristy well that 's lovely . that 's what I think . how have she do it ? grant I do not think she plan it necessarily . we be in tobermory , wait for the ferry to manitoulin . it be raining and miserable and she be happy and sick of my sour mood . kristy so what have she do ? what have she say ? grant she say , '' do you think it would be fun - do you think it would be fun if we get marry ? '' kristy what do you say ? grant I take she up on it . I shout yes . grant take a deep breath . grant I never want to be away from she . she have the spark of life . 116 ext pier - 1961 116 grant 's memory : the image of Fiona at 18 from the beginning of the film . she look at we . right into we eye . over this we hear : kristy ( v.o. ) you know . nothing take away what happen to you . where you have be , what you have experience . I do not think so . even if it 's go away somehow , even if you can not remember it . it 's still there . it 's still what you be . 117 ext meadowlake - MARCH 2004 - day 117 kristy watch he , sympathetic . 118 120 68. grant it 's curious . kristy what 's curious ? grant all that . the '' madly in love '' part . the beginning . when I hear myself tell the story , it sound so ... crucial . and it be I suppose . but compare to what we end up with it seem very ... superficial somehow . ext lake huron beach - april 2004 - day 118 grant walk along the beach , up and down the metal barricade as he do with Fiona . 36 fps . int conservatory - december 2004 - early evening 120 grant watch as the resident play bingo . eliza play bingo with she daughter . they sign to each other . her daughter look absolutely joyous as she play with she mother , and she describe to she the game in sign . Fiona , wear that bright , tacky sweater help aubrey play . kristy take a seat beside grant . grant they never sort out the clothes . kristy oh. they ... try to . she 's become very attach to that sweater . grant nod . + h * 121 69-71 . int dine room 121 meadowlake be decorate for Christmas again . a badass teenager with blue hair and a whole lot of piercing watch she grandfather and she parent play bingo . her grandfather have food all over he chin . the badass teenager leave the table . grant sit alone at the fountain , watch aubrey and Fiona sit in the distance . they lean in close and whisper , oblivious to the invasion of visitor . the badass teenager . monica come and sit beside grant on the fountain in a huff . she put on she headphone which blare thrasher music . grant notice she . continue to watch aubrey and Fiona as he talk to the young girl beside he . grant not such a fun place to visit eh ? monica lift up she earphone . the music be deafen . monica Excuse I ? grant nothing . she turn off the music . monica no . what be you gonna say ? grant just . not such a fun place to visit eh ? monica fuckin depress . she glance at he , think she may have offended he . monica no offence . he smile . grant no offence take . monica sorry . I be just on the rag . eh hhh HH of + % 71a . grant that would do it , yes . they sit in silence for a moment . monica I be not in the mood for grandpa when I be on the rag , know what I be sayin ? grant smile . grant you never know . I be not a expert on family . but someday you might be glad you come . monica look at he . assess he . monica no one come to visit you eh ? that must suck huge . grant no. I be ... I do not live here . I be just visit someone . monica make a show of look around for the person he 's visit . monica who ? what 's you deal crazy man ? grant smile . like she . he indicate Fiona . grant I be visit that woman over there . monica look over . monica which one ? grant the beautiful one . with the shock of hair . monica the one sit with she husband ? * +e +e 122 71b . grant you could say that . monica why would not you ? grant why would not you what ? monica say that . grant uh... you would not say that ... because I be she husband . monica look at Fiona and aubrey , deep in conversation . monica so ... why be not you sit with she ? grant oh ... I have learn to give she a little bit of space . she 's in love with the man she 's sit with . I do not like to disturb she . I just ... like to see she I suppose . I like to make sure that she 's do well . he look at the monica selfconsciously . embarrass . grant I suppose it seem rather pathetic . monica stare at he for a long time . a little tear in she eye . monica if the guy I be dating right now ? if he be like you ? I should be so lucky . she give he a hefty pat on the back . make he lay she five and go back to she grandpa . grant laugh to himself . the biggest , most genuine smile we have see from he in a long time . int dine area - JANUARY 2005 - morning 122 grant look around the card table for Fiona . eliza yell out to he , excited . +e % + fh hhh + % +e + ek 71c. eliza she 's not here ! not here either ! she look very proud of have this information . and way more out of it than we have see she . her hair be messy , she clothes she 's sick ! he 's awry . grant nod . 123 124 72 . int corridor - JANUARY 2005 -morning 123 grant hurriedly make he way down the corridor to Fiona 's room , a book under he arm . grant knock lightly at Fiona 's door . he open it gently . int fiona 's room - JANUARY 2005 -morning 124 Fiona be sit straight up in the bed , which be cranke up like a hospital bed . she 's wear a nightgown and look very pale . aubrey be beside she in he wheelchair , which be push as close to the bed as it can get . his face also have a gray , wear out expression . he be wear a jacket and tie and he hat rest on the bed . he look as though he 's go somewhere . as grant enter , they both look up at he with stony , grief -ridden apprehension that turn to relief , if not to welcome when they see who he be . not who they think he have be . they grasp each other hand and do not let go . grant be take aback . he set the book down at the foot of the bed . grant I ... I bring you a book Fiona . it 's about Iceland . I think maybe you have like to look at it . fiona why . thank you . she turn she attention back to aubrey who be pull he hand away from she . he put he hand over he face as he weep uncontrollably . he be embarrassed about he run nose , especially in grant 's presence . fiona what be it ? what be it , dear heart ? oh , all right . oh , here . she pull some tissue out of the box . fiona here . here . she try to wipe he nose , but aubrey grab the kleenex away from she and do it himself . 125 73. fiona ( whisper , to grant ) do you by any chance have any influence around here ? I have see you talk to they . aubrey make a noise . like a animal wail . he pitch he upper body towards she . she scramble half out of bed to catch he and hold onto he . grant do not know whether to help or not . decide he have better not . fiona ( to aubrey ) hush . oh , honey . hush . we ’1ll get to see each other . we will have to . i’1l go and see you . you will come and see I . aubrey make another animal wail into Fiona 's chest . there be nothing grant can decently do but get out of the room . int corridor - JANUARY 2005 -morning 125 grant close the door gently . put he back to it and lean on it , sighing . madeleine walk by . madeleine I just wish he wife would hurry up and get here . I wish she have get he out of here and cut the agony short . grant should I stay ? madeleine what for ? she 's not sick you know . grant to keep she company . madeleine they have to get over this thing on they own . they have get short memory . that 's not always so bad . grant walk down the corridor , rattle . stop and look out the window to see a woman in a tartan pants suit in the parking lot get a fold - up wheelchair out of the trunk of she car . 126 127 74 . int meadowlake dine area - JANUARY 2005 - morning 126 grant arrive at meadowlake . look for Fiona . she 's not there . eliza see he and gleefully call to he . eliza she 's still sick ! but he 's go ! you must be happy about that ! int fiona 's room - JANUARY 2005 - morning 127 grant gently open the door to Fiona 's room . she be weep . a untouched plate of food sit beside she . she look up to see he . fiona oh. hello . she go back to weep . grant be at a loss . he begin to leave , then change he mind . he come and sit next to she while she cry . he look at she hand on the bed , and debate whether or not to take it in he own . slowly , gently , he hold it . grant perhaps I could read you something . if you like . fiona oh. alright . I do not have any book though . grant look at the stack of book on the dress table that he have bring over the last several month . he feign surprise . grant oh look . here 's some . here we be . i‘1l read something from letter from Iceland . fiona ice-land . he begin to read to she . she be stare into space . not hearing . we stay very close on she during the follow . occasionally we go to grainy archival footage of Iceland . it appear to be part of Fiona 's memory , or thought . grant be not it true however far we have wander ( more ) + % + h fh hf + % 128 129 omitted omitted 742a . grant ( cont would ) into we province of persecution where we regret accuse , we keep return , back to the common faith from which we have all dissent , back to the hand , the foot , the face Children be always there and take the hand even when they be most terrify ; that in love can not make up they mind to go or stay ; artist and Doctor return most often ; only the mad will never never come back . for doctor keep on worry while away in case they skill be suffer and desert ; Lovers have live so long with giant and elve they want belief again in they own size ; and the artist pray ever so gently - ' let I find pure all that can happen . only uniqueness be success ! for instance , let I perceive the image of history , all that I push away with doubt and travel , today 's and yesterday 's , alike like body . 128 129 hhh ahh hf fff hhh hha ff hhh hhh +e eh HH HH hk 75 . 131 omitted 131 132 133 76 . int tv area - JANUARY 2005 - day 132 Fiona watch the news with grant and some other resident . scene of violence and chaos in Iraq . fiona how could they forget Vietnam ? grant stare at she . this sound very much like she as she be . someone switch the tv station to golf . as she look at the screen she be hit with a fresh bout of grief . she begin to cry silently . grant reach out to touch she hair . she bat he hand away . fiona oh . it 's just the big screen . hurt my eye . int dine area meadowlake 133 kristy sit and have a coffee with grant on she break . they watch 2 old man in the common area play horseshoe . one of they throw the horseshoe and then they both stand there like statue , not sure what happen next . kristy her muscle be deteriorate . if she do not improve soon we be gonna have to put she on a walker . 134 135 136 137 77 . grant I keep try to get she walk . she just do not seem to want to go anywhere . kristy but you know once they get a walker they start to depend on it and they do not walk much anymore , just get wherever it be they have to go . grant scratch he head . look worried . kristy you 'il have to work at she harder . try and encourage she . kristy go and retrieve the horseshoe and give it to the man who throw it . he throw it again . and then wait again . int fiona 's room - JANUARY 2005 - morning 134 grant enter with a lot of energy . grant how do you feel about a little field trip Mrs. andersson ? ext huron county road - JANUARY 2006 - morning 135 grant drive Fiona down the road to they home . they pass the hollow . he notice it . look at she to see if there be any recognition . she vaguely seem to register something . touches the glass of the window . ext andersson 's cottage - JANUARY 2005 - morning 136 grant lead Fiona to the door . she look at it . some recognition . int andersson 's cottage - JANUARY 2005 - morning 137 grant watch as Fiona make she way around the house . touch thing , admire picture and object . he watch she intently . fiona they have keep it so like it be . grant who have ? 138 139 78. fiona the people who live here . ext andersson 's cottage - JANUARY 2005 - day 138 Fiona walk out the back door . grant follow . she see the skis propped up against the wall . she touch they gently , she eye welling up with tear . she sink down on the ground . fiona everything ... grant kneel down beside she . take she hand . she take it back . fiona everything just remind I of he . grant search she eye which be stare off into space , right past he . fiona I be not enough I suppose . grant who ? she be silent . grant who Fiona ? who do everything remind you of ? she look back at he . fiona I would like to go now if you do not mind . he sit with she . we pull away from they , sit together on the back porch . she 's a million mile away . ext county road - JANUARY 2005 - afternoon 139 they drive past the hollow again . Fiona smile ever so slightly . look at grant . he smile back at she , try to ascertain whether or not she remember . fiona everything just remind I of he . he look ahead . defeat . 79 . 140 ext meadowlake - courtyard - JANUARY 2005 - day 140 kristy have a smoke and wrap up a cell phone call . grant come out to join she . grant I think I want to ask you about the second floor . just to know a bit more about it . kristy well . it 's for people who have really lose it . grant and what do they do ? what happen after they have ... lose it . kristy some just sit . some sit and cry . some try to holler the house down . you do not really want to know . but ... sometimes they get it back . you go in they room for a year and they do not know you from Adam . then one day , it 's '' oh , hi , when be we go home ? '' all of a sudden they be absolutely back to normal again . grant look vaguely hopeful . kristy but not for long . you think , wow , back to normal . and then they be go again . she snap she finger . kristy like so . grant stare off . tear in he eye . grant be you marry ? I have not even ask you about yourself . kristy technically I guess yeah . get three kid . they father 's somewhere in alberta I think . makin it rich maybe . I would not know . 80 . grant how old be you kid ? kristy ten , three and eight . grant must be a struggle . kristy oh , ya know . it knock the wind out of ya every now and then . but you pick yourself back up like everyone else . grant look at she , think . grant I suppose ... I suppose we life must seem easy to you . we get through life without too much go wrong . what we have to suffer , now that we be old hardly count I suppose . that 's what you must think . kristy stare at he , shocked at the condescension in he tone . and thouroughly insulted by the sentiment . there be a lot of anger in she eye . she half smile , glaring . kristy you do not know what I think . to tell you the truth I would rather be the one who stay than the one who leave . i’1ll bet you be not always the doggedly devote husband . be I right ? when you say you think maybe she be punish you for something . i’1l bet maybe you have something pretty specific in mind do not you ? he look at she for a moment . kristy you see a lot in this job . you see the end of thing , all day long . in my experience , at the end of thing , it 's almost always the man that think not too much go wrong . I wonder if you wife feel the same way . 80a . grant look off into the distance . grant I wonder that too . kristy I 'il bet you do . 141 81 . he turn to look at she . decide to confide in she , now that she seem to have lose all respect for he anyway . grant do you remember the day we come in here ? how badly I do not want to let she go ? ext county road -flashback - JANUARY 2004 - morning 141 we have see the beginning of this scene before . grant and Fiona drive in silence . '' harvest Moon '' by Neil Young play in the tape deck . Fiona spot something just off the road . fiona oh. remember ? grant look and see the conservation area where they see the skunk lily . grant smile at she . look ahead . it 's all he can do to not turn the car around . fiona you look surprised grant . grant not surprised . just grateful . I be grateful you can remember that . fiona I be not all go grant . I be just go . 82 . she leave a pregnant pause . the scene continue . fiona there be thing I wish would go away but will not . thing we do not talk about . grant look very unsettle . Fiona continue on . sincere . no venom at all . almost lightly . fiona you never leave I . you still make love to I in spite of disturbing demand elsewhere . you never stay away from I a single night . there be no make up elaborate storey in order to spend a weekend in a tent on manitoulin Island . you go easy on the dope and the drink . you continue to publish papers , make progress in you career . you never have any intention , so far as I could tell , of throw up work and marriage and take to the country to practice carpentry or keep bee . thank you for that . that would have be ugly . she mean it . he be stunne . fiona but all that sandal grant . all that bare female toe . CUT to : 142 int university CLASS - 1970' 142 grant 's memory : we see glimpsis of long hair , toe in sandal . a University class , full of young woman look up at we with ador eye . fiona ( 0.s. ) what could you do but be a part of the time you be a part of . all that pretty girl . it do not seem like anyone be willing to be leave out . and hey . you get in shape . CUT back to : 83. 143 ext county road - JANUARY 2004 - morning 143 fiona you quit smoking even . a wife of twenty year know that it be not for she . do you remember how hard I try to get you to quit when we be first marry . you feel so sick when you finally do it . but you keep to it . and I think . '' a big reward must be come he way . '' but you seem happier . even though you be ... away from I sometimes . you be easier to live with in many way . I think you do alright . compare to you colleague . the one who leave they wife . and the woman who would not put up with it . she get wistful . fiona I never quite understand that woman to tell you the truth . she lose she train of think . be silent for a moment . fiona I think people be too demand . be not they ? people want to be in love every single day . what a liability . grant go to say something . she interrupt he . fiona and then that silly girl . that silly girl Veronica . Girls that age be always go around talk about kill themselves . CUT to : 144 int 7u' classroom 144 granta memory : of Veronica . Close on she face , look into we eye . pain and anguish in she eye . 84 . fiona ( v.o. ) that be it for then . no more New Year 's or Christmas invitation for the andersson' . CUT back to : 145 ext meadowlake parking lot JANUARY 2004 - morning 145 they pull into the parking lot . fiona we move out here . without make the mistake of confess . you promise I a new life . we move out here . and that 's exactly what you give I . she smile fondly . fiona how long ago be that ? grant twenty year . Fiona shake she head . fiona well that 's shocking . she smile serenely . fiona so you see . I be go but I be not all go . Fiona go to open the car door . grant grab she hand . grant Fiona . fiona yes dear . grant do not go . she pat he hand . give he a kiss . fiona that 's what be happen grant . it 's happen right now . 84a . she get out of the car . like a zombie he follow she . take she bag out of the trunk and follow she , blindly into the building . 145a omitted 145a 146 85 . int meadowlake check in area - JANUARY 2004 - morning 146 Fiona approach the front desk , grant follow behind , try to keep up with she with all the bag . grant Fiona ... fiona ( to receptionist ) I be check in today . my name be Fiona andersson . grant Fiona let 's come back another time . the receptionist bring up a file . receptionist yes Mrs. andersson . we have you room all ready for you . fiona perfect . will you show I to it please ? receptionist absolutely . we ’1ll have we supervisor Mrs. montpellier show you . now you have not take the tour yet . be that correct ? fiona yes . that 's correct . receptionist I nil go fetch she . she 's just in she office right now . but she 's expect you . the receptionist exit into the back office . grant please Fiona . not now . I can not go away from you like this . Fiona smile a little . let this sink in for a minute . put she hand tenderly on he face . 147 147a 148 86 . fiona you have be good to I grant . we have nothing to tie we down grant . you could have just drive away and forsaken I . but you do not . and I thank you for that . over Fiona 's face , look sincerely up into grant 's we hear grant , tell kristy the rest of the story . grant ( 0.s. ) and then we go to she room , and she ask I to make love to she there and then go . and so I do . I go . and I never really see she again ... or she never really see I I suppose . ext meadowlake - JANUARY 2005 -day 147 kristy watch grant . taken aback . she shake she head . she stub out she cigarette and walk away from he . grant watch she go . CUT to : int meadowlake stairwell - JANUARY 2005 - day 147a we see grant stand alone as kristy walk away from he . pull back to reveal Fiona , watch . int conservatory - february 2005 -day 148 grant read to Fiona from letter from Iceland . she be far off . grant the desire of the heart be as crooked as corkscrews not to be bear be the best for man the second best be a formal order the dance pattern , dance while you can . grant notice how far off Fiona be . stop read . 149 87 . grant Fiona ? she do not respond . grant be there any way to let this go ? do you think ? Fiona smile sadly . stroke he hand . fiona ( weakly ) if I let it go , even for a minute , it will only hit I harder when I bump into it again . grant okay . okay . grant grab she hand . kiss it . he go back to read to she . she cry silently . grant dance , dance , for the figure be easy the tune be catch and will not stop dance till the star come down with the rafter dance , dance , dance till you drop . int madeleine 's office - february 2005 - day 149 madeleine sit across from grant , Fiona 's file in front of she . madeleine the thing be , I be sure you know , we do not do any prolong bed care on the first floor . we do it temporarily if someone be not feel well , but if they get too weak to move around and be responsible we have to consider upstairs . grant think for a moment . 150 151 88. grant would you happen to have aubrey 's address ? madeleine Excuse I ? grant aubrey and he wife . do you know where they live ? int bright hallway - feburary 2005 - late afternoon 150 grant watch Fiona walk away from he down the long corridor , bath in that late afternoon light . marian ( 0.s. ) Fiona . her name 's Fiona huh ? and what 's yours ? I do not think I ever be tell that . int marian 's kitchen - february 2005 - morning 151 marian stare at grant , inquisitively . grant look down , feel slightly defeat by she attitude . grant it 's grant . she suddenly stick she hand out across the table . marian hello grant . I be marian . he shake she hand , tentatively . marian so now we know each other 's name , there 's no point in not tell you straight out what I think . I do not know if he 's still so stick on see you - on see Fiona . or not . I do not ask he and he 's not tell I . but I do not feel like take he back there in case it turn out to be more than that . I can not afford to risk it . I do not want he get hard to handle . I have get my hand full with he as it be . I do not have any help . it 's just I here . I be it . 89 . grant lower he voice to a whisper . grant do you ever consider - it be very hard for you - do you ever consider he go in there for good ? marian do not seem to feel the need to lower she voice . marian no . I be keep he right here . grant well . that 's very good and noble of you . marian you think so ? Noble be not what I be think about . grant still . it 's not easy . marian no it be not . see , I do not have much of a choice . if I put he in there I do not have the money to pay for he unless I sell the house . the house be what we own outright . otherwise I do not have anything in the way of resource . I get my pension next year , but even so I could not afford to keep he there and hang on to the house . and it mean a lot to I , my house do . grant it 's very nice . marian well , it 's alright . I put a lot into it . fix it up and keep it up . grant I be sure you do . you do . marian I do not want to lose it . 90 . grant no . marian I be not go to lose it . grant I see you point . marian the company leave we high and dry . basically he get shove out . it end up with they say he owed they money and when I try to find out what be what he just go on say it 's none of my business . what I think be he be do ... well he be pretty stupid . but I be not suppose to ask so I shut up . you have be marry . you be marry . you know how it be . and in the middle of all this we be suppose to go on this trip with this people and can not get out of it . and on the trip he take sick from this virus you have never hear of and go into a coma . so that pretty well get he off the hook . grant bad luck . marian I do not mean exactly that he get sick on purpose . it just happen . he 's not mad at I anymore and I be not mad at he . it 's just life . grant that 's true . marian you can not beat life . she flick she tongue in a cat 's businesslike way across she top lip , get the cookie crumb . marian I sound like I be quite the philosopher do not I ? ( more ) 91 . marian ( cont would ) they tell I out there you use to be a university professor . grant quite a while ago . marian I be not much of a intellectual . grant I do not know how much I be either . marian but I know when my mind 's make up . and it 's make up . I be not go to let go of the house . which mean I be keep he here and I do not want he get it in he head he want to move anyplace else . it be probably a mistake put he in there so I could get away , but I be not go to get another chance , so I take it . so. now I know better . she shake out another cigarette . marian you be think - there 's a mercenary type of a person . grant I be not make judgement of that sort . it 's you life . marian you bet it be . marian look at he for a moment . take he in . grant do you husband - do aubrey work in a hardware store in the summer when he be go to school ? 92 . marian I never hear about it . I be not raise here . grant smile . he have lose . grant no . no I do not think so . 152 int marian 's house hallway - february 2005 - morning 152 marian open the door for grant . he shake she hand . grant thank you for you time Miriam . she 's suddenly sensitive . a bit vulnerable . marian it 's marian . she seem hurt . the door close . marian think for a moment . then lean on the door . marian ( to herself ) what a jerk . but that 's not what she 's think . scene 153 omitted scene 153 omitted 154 int marian 's house - february 2005 -day 154 marian sit down at she kitchen table , pensive . she glance at AUBREY 's foot through the doorway . stir she coffee . 155 int andersson 's livingroom - february 2005 - evening 155 grant press play on the answer machine . he stand at the table with he head hang . as he hear the message , he turn he head slowly to look at the phone . marian ( 0.s. ) hello , grant . I hope I get the right person . I just think of something . ( more ) 156 157 158 159 93. marian ( 0.s. ) ( cont would ) there be a dance here in town at the legion suppose to be for singles on Saturday night , and I be on the supper committee which mean I can bring a free guest . so I wonder whether you would happen to be interested in that ? call I back when you get a chance . 281 - 3457 . the machine beep and another one play . this time , she voice have a little tremor of nerve , a affect nonchalance , a hurry to get through and a reluctance to let go . marian ( o.s. ) I just realize I have forget to say who it be . well you probably recognize the voice . the accent . it 's marian . I be still not so use to this machine . and I want to say I realize you be not single and I do not mean it that way . I be not either , but it do not hurt to get out once in a while . anyway , now I have say all this I really hope it 's you I be talk to . it do sound like you voice . if you be interested you can call I and if you be not you do not need to bother . I just think you might like the chance to get out . it 's marian speak . I guess I already say that . okay , then . good-bye . grant stare at the machine for a long time . int andersson 's kitchen - february 2005 - evening 156 grant make himself a omelette . int marian 's house - february 2005 - evening 157 marian watch closely as aubrey eat he dinner . int andersson 's livingroom - february 2005 - evening 158 grant eat he dinner , think . int marian 's house - february 2005 - evening 159 marian do the dish , think very hard about something . she go to the phone . look at it a long time . 93a . 160 161 162 163 94 , int andersson 's cottage - february 2005 - night 160 grant do the dish . grant go to put away the fry pan . he stare at it for a long time . marian ( 0.s . ) grant . this be marian . I be down in the basement put the wash in the dryer and I hear the phone and when I get upstairs whoever it be have hang up . so I just think I ought to say I be here . if it be you and if you be even home . because I do not have a machine obviously , so you could not leave a message . so I just want . to let you know . bye . grant pick up the phone . grant hello marian . omitted 161 omitted 162 ext marian 's house - february 2005 - evening 163 grant knock on marian 's door . he be dress in a suit with some rose in hand . marian come to the door a lot more vulnerable than when we first meet she . she 's dress up a little as well . 95 . grant so. marian there you be . they look at each other . take stock of the situation . grant here I be . marian motion he inside . marian I be just put on the finish touch if you get my meaning . give I a minute . have a seat in the kitchen if you want . I have get the neighbour daughter over to see to aubrey . marian exit to the bathroom . grant go to the kitchen . sit down . look around at the orderly detail of this life . monica , who we meet earlier at meadowlake , come in and turn the kettle on , not see grant . she talk to AUBREY , whose foot be again visible through the doorway . monica just gimme a sec mr.bark . you tea 's a comin . grant stare at the back of she head , wait for she to turn around . grant hello there . badass turn around . monica hey !!! how be ya ? how 's you long lose love ? grant smile . monica what be you do here ? marian enter , all gussie up and ready to go . 164 165 166 96 . marian well . let 's be off . free drink only last till eight . he force a smile . grant you look lovely . he get up to leave . monica have she jaw hang open . marian head for the door . grant go to follow she but monica stop he . monica stare at he , upset . he look at she , a little guilty and ashamed . grant life be ... complicated . monica shake she head . he pat she comfortingly on the shoulder as he leave the room . int marian 's house - february 2005 - evening 164 monica bring AUBREY he tea . she have tear in she eye . at the sound of the car drive off , he turn he head mournfully to the window . he slowly shake he head . monica hold he hand , but look away , embarrassed . even winter sunlight pour in sadly . int dance hall - february 2005 - night 165 marian and grant dance . grant have a far off look , not totally engage . flashback : December 2003 grant 's Pov of fiona ski beside he in the field behind they house . she look at he , out of breath and laugh . int dance hall - february 2005 night 166 grant close he eye , try to block out the image . marian look up at he . direct . marian what be you think about ? 167 168 169 170 97 . grant oh . not much . skiing . marian watch he . know that be not all . marian downhill ? grant cross-country . she shrug . marian I be more of a thrill seeker I guess . she look off , smile to herself . grant what be you think about ? marian I be think . you never know how this thing be go to turn out . you almost know . but you can never be quite sure . grant look down at she . a little shocked at the direction he life be about to go in . ext wood - time transition 167 Close on a skunk lily cover in snow . we stay on it as the snow slowly melt off it , sun illuminate it , rain fall on it , wind blow it , and the snow fall again . int marian 's bedroom - december 2005 - evening 168 grant sit on the bed he thought still a million mile away . flashback : int andersson 's livingroom - JANUARY 2003 169 Fiona peek over a norse mythology book , light by the fire , laugh . int marian 's bedroom - december 2005 - evening 170 marian 's bare leg pass through frame in the f.g. grant smile up at she , distract . he be in a thousand piece . 98 . 171 ext ski lift - december 2005 - morning 171 marian and grant on the ski lift . marian grab grant 's hand . grant I be think ... that next time we go ski it might make more sense to put aubrey back into meadowlake . just for the day . instead of leave he at that teenager 's house . marian monica . grant sorry ? marian monica . that 's she name . grant ah. monica . what do you think ? marian I be think that sometimes you just have to make a decision to be happy . you just decide . thing be not ever what you hope they have be . not ever . not for anybody . the only thing that separate one kind of person from the other , be that there be some who stay angry about it , and there be some who accept what come they way . grant which kind of person be you ? marian all of a sudden look very vulnerable . all she hardness just melt away . marian I be pretty damn mad . but right now ... I be look at what come my way ... and I think ... maybe I could become the other kind of person . marian get embarrassed by how much she have reveal and laugh it off . 172 99 , marian quite the philosopher eh ? she take a moment . look at he knowingly . marian I know what you be do grant . I know why you be here . I be a little unpolish but I be not stupid . it would be easier on I if you could pretend a little . pretend you be here for I . not just to get aubrey back to Fiona . think you could do that for I ? grant take she hand . marian I be just try to make the decision to be happy . I could use a little help here . grant nod , move . he take she hand . they ride the rest of the way in silence . we see they from a distance , the ski lift take they further and further up the hill and away from we . int marian 's bedrrom - december 2005 172 grant and marian have sex . it be quite intense . they be both in they own world . both , for they own reason , on the verge of tear . when it be over , they fall back overcome . they be silent for a long while . marian ( with tear stream down she face ) now what be we talk about again ? grant look at she . they both laugh . title card : the return 173 174 175 100 . int check in area 173 kristy hello there Mr. andersson . madeleine peek out . madeleine we do not get to see you yesterday . grant no . I go ski . madeleine good for you to get away . grant nod . int fiona 's room - JANUARY 2006 - morning 174 grant knock at the door , open the door slowly . fiona be still in bed , look even paler , even skinnier . he sit beside she . she have she back to he , and slowly reach out she finger to touch one of aubrey 's drawing which be paste on the wall . int meadowlake elevator area - JANUARY 2006 - morning 175 madeleine catch grant just as he be leave . madeleine Mr. andersson . as you can see , we be go to have to move Mrs. andersson to the second floor quite soon . she have not be out of bed for the last few week and ... grant whirl around on she , scream , tear fly out of he eye . grant yes ! yes ! I be quite aware of you policy ! I be more than aware of you fuck policy ! kristy watch he from behind the counter . a lot of empathy in she eye . Frank , the play - by play guy for the winnipeg jet walk through the door , escort by a attendant . 176 101 . frank .-.- and we be back in meadowlake , go back to the second floor , and pass a man with he heart break on the leave , break in a thousand piece ... grant stare at he for a moment and then leave . ext meadowlake - JANUARY 2006 -morning 176 grant stand outside meadowlake , stare at eliza who be walk around the pond , be follow by she daughter who sign to she , try to get she attention . she keep look back at he , irritate and confuse . finally she stop chase she . stands alone , weep at the edge of the pond while eliza hurry back into meadowlake . kristy appear beside he , smoking . kristy she be the only one in the family who bother to learn sign language . now she do not remember how , or maybe even who she be . grant her daughter ? kristy yup . it 's leave she pretty strand . maroon . grant stare at the sight of the woman , alone , look to where she mother disappear . kristy I think of you the other day . you know the billboard in front of the United Church in brantford ? they post different biblical type stuff . the other day it say '' it 's never too late to become what you might have be . '' grant laugh at the irony of this . grant that do not sound all that biblical . 102 . kristy well . maybe they be gettin creative on we . grant smile at she . she give he a little squeeze on the shoulder and leave . it mean the world to he . he stare out at the pond and think . 177 omitted 177 omitted 178 179 180 181 182 183 int marian 's house -february 2006 - sunset 178 marian 's house be full of move box . grant stare out of marian 's kitchen window . she pass by with a box she have just pack . she pause . she look at he . she keep go into the other room . he look out the window . int meadowlake corridor - february 2006 - day 179 kristy and madeleine push Fiona in she bed , down the hall , grant follow . int elevator - february 2006 - day 180 they be silent as the elevator take they to the 2nd floor . int second floor - february 2006 - day 181 the elevator door open on a group of very far go resident . they eat in silence . someone drop a plate and it crash on the floor . they push the stretcher past the group and into a room . int fiona 's new room - february 2006 - day 182 they put the bed beside the window . Fiona stare outside . grant watch she look out the window . ext marian 's house - MARCH 2006 - early morning 183 grant and marian load the last of marian 's belonging into a move truck . the move truck drive off . and then , as though he be another box , they load aubrey and he wheelchair into grant 's car . marian give he a kiss on the forehead . marian I 'il see you soon aubrey . 184 185 186 187 103 . ext county road - MARCH 2006 - early morning 184 grant and aubrey drive in silence . aubrey look straight ahead . he very slowly , almost ominously turn he head to look at grant . grant turn to make eye contact . they lock eye for a moment . then look away . int meadowlake check in area - MARCH 2006 - morning 185 kristy look up as grant wheel aubrey in the door . her jaw drop . she look up at grant , understanding what he 's do . she smile at he . grant look at she and shrug . int 2 nd floor corridor -march 2006 - morning 186 grant walk down the hallway . kristy push aubrey in he wheelchair towards Fiona 's room . grant take a deep breath . they stop outside the door . grant turn to kristy and aubrey . grant if you would not mind ... could I have a moment alone before you come in ? to explain thing ? kristy look up at grant with all the respect in the world . aubrey nod . grant enter Fiona 's room . int fiona 's new room - MARCH 2006 -morning 187 Fiona be in she room but not in bed . she be sit by the open window , wear a seasonable but oddly short and bright dress . she have the auden book in she lap . she look up at grant and smile . fiona look at this beautiful book I find , it 's about Iceland . you would not think they have leave valuable book lie around in the room . the people stay here be not necessarily honest . and I think they have get the clothes mix up . I never wear yellow . she run she finger over the book tenderly . fiona I seem to remember you read this to I . you be try to make I feel better . you try so hard . ( more ) 104 . fiona ( cont would ) you be a lovely man you know . I 'ma very lucky woman . grant Fiona ... fiona you have be go a long time . be we all check out now ? grant be very throw . he do not know how to respond to all this . decide he should not . he inhale and continue . grant Fiona , I have bring a surprise for you . do you remember aubrey ? she stare at he for a moment , as if wave of wind have come beat into she face . into she face , into she head , pull everything to rag . fiona name elude I . the look pass , as she retrieve , with a effort , some banter grace . she set down the book carefully and stand up . she lift she arm to put they around he . he hold she , astonished . settles into the embrace . she pull he earlobe . fiona I be happy to see you . she smile , smell he shirt . fiona you could have just drive away . just drive away without a care in the world and forsook I . forsooken I . forsaken . he keep he face against she white hair , she pink scalp , she sweetly shape skull . with tear in he eye he say : grant not a chance . kristy open the door slightly , and see they embrace . she 's amaze . she look back at aubrey , offscreen . only he foot be visible through the doorway . Fiona and grant hold each other like they 's 1l never let go . we hear k.d. lang 's version of '' helpless . '' 188 189 105 . ext lake - day 188 we race backwards over ski track in the snow . they go on and on and on until they melt and dissolve into : ext pier - 1961 - morning 189 grant 's memory : Fiona at 18 , look at we . smiling . full of life . she turn away from we . fade to white .