babel written by guillermo arriaga ( April 9 , 2005 ) 1 ext . yussef and ahmed' house -- morning Day break . Hassan ( 50 ) arrive at a solitary house make of adobe , in the southern desert of Morocco , carry a satchel and a large bundle wrap in cloth . he walk past a corral make out of branch , where several goat bleat , and knock on the front door . 2 ext . yussef and ahmed' house -- continuous Abdullah ( 40 ) , open . hassan ( in Arabic ) good morning Abdullah ... I bring you this ... he hold up the bundle . 3 int . yussef and ahmed' house -- moment later Abdullah 's family be inside the house . there be a room , a small table and a simple kitchen . yasira ( 38 ) be roasting some goat meat assist by yamil ( 16 ) and Zora ( 17 ) , she daughter . Abdullah and he son , yussef ( 13 ) and Ahmed ( 14 ) , be sit on the floor around the small table , look at a well - conserve .270 caliber Winchester 60 rifle . hassan ( to Abdullah ) it 's almost new . he take out several box of cartridge from he satchel . hassan ( cont 'd ) Three hundred cartridge ... he open a box and show they one of the golden bullet . hassan ( cont 'd ) the hunter who give it to I say you can hit up to three kilometer away . abdullah how much do you want for everything ? hassan one thousand dirham . 2 . abdullah one thousand dirham ? I will give you one thousand and a goat . Abdullah and Hassan exchange a look and Hassan smile . 4 ext . yussef and ahmed' house -- day Hassan and Abdullah 's family be behind the house . Hassan stand with the rifle in front of a rock some twenty yard away and he turn toward Abdullah . hassan with this rifle , you son will be able to kill plenty of jackal . he aim at the rock and pull the trigger without hold the rifle properly . it be clear that he do not know how to fire a weapon , and the shot crack loudly . the rifle kick and hit he roughly in the shoulder . the bullet fly far wide of the rock . the woman laugh nervously . rubbing he shoulder , Hassan turn to Abdullah . hassan ( cont 'd ) let one of you son shoot . Abdullah look at he boy and point at the young one . abdullah let yussef shoot . when Hassan be about to hand yussef the rifle , Ahmed cut he off , upset . ahmed I want to shoot first . Father and son exchange a angry glance . Hassan , without realize it , turn and give the rifle to Ahmed . the boy grab the gun : it be heavier than he think . hassan look , load it like this . Hassan open the chamber , insert the bullet and then close it . once it be load , he point at the safety . hassan ( cont 'd ) this be the safety . push it in when you be ready . Ahmed nod . unsure of himself , he raise the rifle and , almost without aim , fire . the shot kick up dust far from the rock . his sister laugh . 3. hassan ( cont 'd ) if he do not hit the jackal , at least he will scare the shit out of they . Ahmed lower the rifle . his father grab it and give it to yussef enthusiastically . abdullah you turn . yussef grab the rifle and load it confidently . he lift the rifle with ease and take he time aim . he seem innately skilled at the maneuver . he shoot and the bullet hit just below the rock . Abdullah celebrate the shot and mockingly turn to Hassan . abdullah ( cont 'd ) now this kid shoot a hell of a lot better than you . 5 ext . goat corral -- later yussef take one of the goat out , tie and rope it and give it to Hassan . Abdullah supervise . yasira approach and give Abdullah a bag . yasira you lunch . Abdullah take it and turn to he son . abdullah you better kill at least three jackal . hassan and make sure no one see you with the rifle , hide it if you see someone approach you . Ahmed nod . Abdullah and Hassan go on they way . 6 ext . yussef and ahmed' house -- later yasira and yamil be far from the house , clean some goatskin stretch out on some branch . Ahmed , with the rifle in he hand , open the corral gate and enter to herd they out . he call he brother . ahmed yussef , yussef ... 4. 7 ext . side wall , yussef and ahmed' house -- continuous yussef be squatting on the other side of the house , spying through a crack , breathe excitedly . 8 int . yussef and ahmed' house -- continuous Zora be inside , undress . she have a long body and she cinnamon skin be soft and clean . every now and then she aim a complicit glance at the crack through which yussef be spying . ahmed ( o.s. ) yussef ... Zora turn around toward where the voice be come from . 9 ext . yussef and ahmed' house -- day yussef be still spying . Ahmed approach . ahmed what be you do ? yussef turn around and signal for he to lower he voice . ahmed ( cont 'd ) I tell you not to spy on she again . yussef pay no attention and keep spying . Ahmed pull he by the shoulder and make he lose he balance . yussef fall on he ass . ahmed ( cont 'd ) I say do not spy on she . yussef get up and dust himself off . yussef what the hell do you care ? ahmed come on , let 's go . he turn around and leave . 10 ext . desert -- day the goat graze . yussef and Ahmed watch they sit on the side of a hill . they look hot and bored . they both throw stone at a small rusty can . yussef throw one and miss . Ahmed throw he and do . he draw a line in the ground . ahmed five to two . a jackal be stalking the goat . yussef spot it . 5 . yussef there 's a jackal over there . Ahmed raise he head but can not see it . yussef point at it , but Ahmed still can not locate it . yussef despair . yussef ( cont 'd ) over there . Ahmed finally spot it . he load the rifle , but when he be about to aim , the rifle fire . the shot hit amidst the goat , lift up a small cloud of dust . yussef ( cont 'd ) what be you do , you idiot ? the jackal flee , terrify , while the goat scamper in different direction . 11 ext . desert -- later both brother be sit under a tree , eat bread and drink water from a goatskin canteen . yussef Zora do not mind . Ahmed keep eat without turn to look at he brother . ahmed she do not , but I do . yussef this be between she and I . ahmed you be both pig . next time I be go to tell my dad . yussef stay out of this . ahmed if you want I to stay out of it , do not do it . yussef get annoyed , stand up and leave . 12 ext . desert -- day the brother be sit apart from each other . Ahmed guard the goat with the rifle on he lap . after a while , yussef go to sit behind a large rock . he make sure he brother be not watch and he pull he pants down to start masturbate . 6 . when he be at he most concentrate , a shot ring out and startles he . he quickly pull he pants up and another shot ring out . yussef get up to see what he brother be do . Ahmed be aim the rifle at a rock some two hundred yard away . he fire a third time . yussef run up to he . yussef what be you do ? Ahmed do not pay attention , and focus on the rock in the distance . ahmed Hassan say that it could hit thing three kilometer away , but it can not even reach that rock over there . yussef that 's because you do not know how to shoot . give I the rifle . Ahmed look at he brother defiantly , then hand the rifle over . yussef aim and fire . the shot echoe through the vast desert ; the frighten goat scamper a few yard away . ahmed see , it can not reach it . yussef give I another bullet . yussef aim and fire . the bullet hit the rock and kick up a lot of whitish dust . yussef ( cont 'd ) see . ahmed yeah , but that 's not three kilometer . Ahmed remain pensive and suddenly start climb to the top of the hill . once at the top , he look around for a moment and then call he brother . ahmed ( cont 'd ) yussef , come here . yussef climb the slope . Ahmed signal a road that in the distance cut across the great desert plain , and point out a traffic sign that indicate a curve ahead . 7. ahmed ( cont 'd ) I bet you the bullet can not hit that far away . Ahmed load the rifle and aim at the sign . he fire and nothing . ahmed ( cont 'd ) this fuck bullet be not any good . yussef you be not aim right . yussef point at a yellow car drive along the road . yussef ( cont 'd ) what will you give I if I hit that car ? ahmed I will shoot . Ahmed reload . the empty cartridge fall to the ground . he fire again - the car keep go . yussef ask for the rifle . ahmed ( cont 'd ) you see ? nothing happen . yussef let I shoot . he also drop the use cartridge on the ground , reload and shoot the traffic sign . he fire and nothing . ahmed I tell you . Hassan 's a liar . a bus approach . Ahmed point at it . ahmed ( cont 'd ) shoot at that one ... yussef load the rifle parsimoniously , shut the chamber , raise the weapon , aim and fire . the bus drive on . Ahmed turn to he brother . ahmed ( cont 'd ) see : nothing . the bus drive on another three hundred yard and suddenly stop in the middle of the road . 8. 13 int . t.v. room , L.A. house -- night Amelia ( 54 ) , a maternal , mexican woman with a pleasant face , be play Monopoly with Debbie ( 4 ) and Mike ( 5 ) . they be both typically american kid . amelia ( in Spanish ) I win ... mike no , I win . the phone ring and Amelia go to answer it . amelia ( in English ) yes ... yes sir ... yes sir , Mrs. Rachel tell I ... I be very sorry . how be Mrs. Susan ?... no sir , do not worry ... Amelia turn to Mike . amelia ( cont 'd ) you dad be call . Mike run to the phone and grab it . mike hi dad ... dad , guess what ? today , at school , they bring some baby chicken ... I hold one in my hand . he be really little and he be all warm ... ( a beat ) dad , be you ok ?... and mariana want to take one home , but the teacher do not let she ... 14 int . children' room , L.A. house -- night Amelia be put Debbie and Mike to sleep . they be both lie in bed . Amelia sit next to they . amelia ( in Spanish ) do you brush you tooth ? Mike show she he tooth so she can see he do . mike will you tell we a story ? amelia one and then you be go to sleep . both child nod . 9 . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( her entire story in Spanish ) once there be a hawk who want to fly higher than everyone else . he train every day and hunt little bird so he could eat they and be strong . mike pajaritos ? Little bird ? amelia of course , that 's what hawk eat . so , one day the hawk fly so , so high that it crash into a airplane . it faint and start to fall . and when it be about to hit the ground , all the bird fly toward he and save he . debbie they save he ? amelia yes , and when the hawk be healthy again he go to talk to the bird and say : I want to thank you for save I , but I can not change and I be go to keep hunt you . the little bird answer : we do not care that you hunt we , because that 's who you be . but we will always save you , because that 's who we be . the child be silent . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( in English ) do you like it ? debbie no . Amelia move to turn out the light . debbie ( cont 'd ) leave it on . Amelia stand still beside the switch . amelia quedamos en que se iban a dormir con la luz apagada . debbie but I be scared . 10 . amelia no pasa nada . debbie I be scared that what happen to Pat be gonna happen to I . Amelia sit down next to she and caress she . amelia a it no the va a pasar eso ... debbie Pat die while she be sleep . amelia that only happen to some baby when they be really little . mike then why do daddy get so angry at mommy ? amelia he be not angry , he be just very sad . debbie he leave . Amelia do not know what else to say . she pat Debbie 's head . amelia go to sleep . I will sit here with you , but you can not talk anymore . they both nod and snuggle under they blanket . Amelia watch they silently . 15 int . amelia' room , L.A. house -- day Amelia ( 54 ) sleep . the sun be just start to rise . a phone ring distantly . Amelia awake . she sit up , listen intently and hear the ringing . she grab a robe from a chair beside she , put it on and get up to answer the phone . 16 int . kitchen , L.A. house -- continuous Amelia enter the kitchen and answer a wall phone . amelia yes ... 11 . richard ( o.s. ) Amelia , it 's Richard . we be go to have to be here a few more day here in Morocco than we expect and Rachel be not able to find anyone to take care of the kid . amelia you sister - in- law promise I to find someone . richard ( o.s. ) Amelia , this be very serious . Amelia look worried . amelia it 's because ... I tell Mrs. Jones three month ago that today be my son 's wedding . richard ( o.s. ) Amelia , this be a emergency . cancel you son 's wedding . I will pay for another one . amelia Sir , everything be ready . can not anyone come take care of the kid ? it 's just one day . richard ( o.s. ) we need you , Amelia ... hold on . Richard stop talk . we hear voice in the background . richard ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Amelia , we be really count on you . I have to go . Goodbye . he hang up . Amelia stare into empty space . 17 int . kitchen , L.A. house -- day Debbie ( 4 ) and Mike ( 5 ) be have breakfast while Amelia lean on the sink and look at they , overwhelm . amelia ( to Debbie , in Spanish ) do you want another quesadilla ? debbie mhh . Amelia turn around to warm up a tortilla . Mike stop eat he cereal and look at she . 12 . mike how many little bird do the hawk eat ? Amelia turn around and see Mike , who be truly worried . amelia ( in English ) none , because he start to like quesadilla . Amelia stroke he hair . a car horn honk . Amelia look out and see a school bus park outside the house . debbie be the bus here ? amelia ( in Spanish ) yes , but today you be not go to school . debbie why ? amelia we have thing to do . Amelia turn around and walk out to the street . through the door we can see she say something to the bus driver . the school bus leave and Amelia walk back into the house . 18 int . t.v. room , L.A. house -- day Debbie and Mike be watch cartoon while Amelia talk on the phone . amelia ( both in Spanish ) I just want you to take of they for today . woman ( o.s. ) I can not , Mrs. Black be home . amelia and she will not go out ? woman ( o.s. ) no , I do not think so . amelia ok , thanks . I will call you tomorrow . she hang up and remain pensive . 13 . 19 ext . STREET , los angele -- day Amelia and the kid walk down a street in Santa monica . 20 ext . lucia' house , los angele -- day Amelia and the kid be stand in front of a house , talk with Lucia ( 22 ) , who be dress in a black and white uniform . lucia ( both in Spanish ) I can not Amelia . amelia please , it 's my son 's wedding . I help you out with that thing with you boyfriend . lucia I really can not . amelia just for the day , Lucia . I will be back for they tonight . lucia and what do I tell Mrs. Black ? amelia tell she they be you nephew . Lucia look down at the blonde-haire , blue -ey child . lucia yeah right , they look just like I ... with this gringa look I have . 21 int . children' room , L.A. house -- day Amelia be pack the child 's clothes in a small suitcase . Debbie and Mike , curious , watch she . mike be we go to see you house ? amelia yes , you be go to see my house . mike be it far ? amelia ( in Spanish ) not very . 14 . 22 ext . los angele house -- day a run-down ' 88 Ford Pinto park in front of the house and honk its horn . the front door open and Amelia walk out , carry the small suitcase , with the two kid . santiago ( 24 ) , a young mexican with light eye . santiago ( both in Spanish ) good morning aunt Amelia . amelia good morning . santiago , surprised , look at the child . santiago be they come ? amelia I could not find anyone to leave they with . they parent be not come back today . santiago why bring they , they be just go to make trouble . amelia they be good kid . santiago I know a woman who can take care of they . amelia santiago , I have to take they . I can not leave they with just anybody . santiago what if you lose you job ? amelia come on , do not tempt the fate . Amelia open the door for the child to get in . 23 ext . casbah tamnougalt , morocco -- day Richard ( 45 ) , tall , thin , weathered , and Susan ( 38 ) , good - look , with a athletic body , visit the impressive casbah with a group of american , french and English tourist . most of they be old , with a few couple in they forty or fifty . 15 . Anwar ( 30 ) , a man with a kind face , be the tour guide show they around . anwar ( in English , with a Arabic accent ) the berber build this kasbah . they make they like fort and here they would reside after finish they caravan . Richard listen attentively . Susan look hot . richard this place be beautiful , do not you think ? susan ( not very enthusiastically ) yeah , yeah it 's very pretty ... Anwar walk toward one end of the aisle and call the group . anwar now , I would like to show you the material that be use to build the wall ... the herd move docile toward Anwar 's voice . 24 ext . SMALL eatery , moroccan desert -- later the group of tourist spread about a small eatery with open air table on a dusty terrace . a bus be park behind they . at a table , on one end of the terrace with view to a cluster of mountain , Richard and Susan look through some menus . Richard seem at ease in this place . Susan appear to be bother by the dust and otherness . a waiter bring a plate and some cutlery . waiter ( in break English ) you want to order ? richard I will have a chicken cous-cous and a Coke , please . susan what do you have that do not have fat in it ? waiter everything be delicious . 16 . Susan read the menu again . susan I will have the fry eggplant and a diet Coke . waiter we do not have diet Coke . susan then a regular Coke . the waiter smile and go to place the order . Susan take out a small bottle with antibacterial gel , clean she hand and then start wiping the plate and the cutlery thoroughly . Richard look at the mountain range through a pair of binocular . he spot a hawk fly over the plain . richard look , look : a hawk . Richard follow the hawk with he binocular for a few second and then put they down . richard ( cont 'd ) this country be incredible . Susan remain silent and then turn to look at he . susan Richard , why do we come here ? richard what d' you mean why ? I think you would like it . susan really : why be we here ? Richard know that Susan 's answer imply something else . richard to forget everything , to be alone . Susan , sardonically gesture toward the other tourist with she chin . susan alone ? Richard sigh in disappointment . the waiter arrive with the coke and the food , which do not look particularly appetizing . he leave everything on the table and go . Richard be about to pour he drink when Susan stop he . 17 . susan ( cont 'd ) throw out the ice . richard the Coke be warm . susan yeah , but you do not know what kind of water be in there . she grab Richard 's glass and toss out the ice . then she do the same thing with hers . they be quiet for a moment . richard why can not you ever relax . you be always stress . susan you be the one stress I out . you be why I can not relax . richard you could if you try . susan try ? do not you think I try ? richard you be never go to forgive I , be you ? susan do you even know what I be talk about ? richard Susan , please ; we do not come all this way just to argue . Susan get angry and face he . susan oh , we do not ? then when be we suppose to " argue " ? or be you plan on run away again ? Richard sigh , defeat . they stop speak and sit look at the mountain . 25 ext . bus -- moment later the tourist crowd around to board the bus . some boy in rag approach to sell they trinket . boy stilo ... stilo ... 18 . some of the tourist buy they . they come to Susan , who become instantly uncomfortable . she gesture with she hand to say they have no money , but the kid insist . boy ( cont 'd ) stilo ... stilo ... susan I do not have any money ... I do not have any ... Richard take off he binocular and give they to the youngest of the boy ( 7 ) , who receive they with wide eye . richard here . susan what be you do ? Richard just get in the bus . Susan stare at the boy with the binocular for a moment and then get in . 26 int . bus -- later Susan sit next to the window , in the middle of the bus . she look hurt and sad . Richard walk over and sit next to she . the bus start . through the window , Richard can still see the boy with the binocular . he smile until he see a older boy snatch the binocular away and push the little boy . the bus drive away , but Richard can not take he eye off the scene . the older boy walk away with the binocular . 27 ext . desert -- day the bus drive down a straight road that divide the desert . 28 int . bus -- moment later the bus drive on . some of the old man sleep . Susan lean she head against the window and watch the landscape scroll past . Richard sit beside she silently . Susan hold out she hand and take Richard 's , as a sign of reconciliation . he hold hers and caress it . Susan get comfortable to try to sleep . she close she eye when suddenly something smashes the window and Susan collapse forward . Richard turn to look at the puncture glass and then Susan . richard Susan , what 's wrong ? 19 . Susan do not answer , limp on she seat . richard ( cont 'd ) what happen ? Richard lift she up and when he do he see a thread of blood run down she neck . Richard yell at the driver . richard ( cont 'd ) stop the bus , stop , my wife 's be hurt . 29 int . volleyball court -- day in a indoor volleyball court with bleacher , several japanese girl play volleyball . they all compete intensely for the point . there be excitement , but everything occur quietly . a player jump and spike the ball . chieko ( 16 ) , tall , beautiful , with strand of hair paint purple , volley the ball back up . it reach one of she teammate who set up another to spike it . chieko 's team win the point . the referee , instead of whistling , lift up a red flag . the player congratulate each other silently , in sign language . the only sound we can here be the parent ' clap as they watch the game from the stand . chieko 's team serve . again , the game be heat . a rival player spike the ball , and it be barely out of bound . however , the referee , with he red flag , call the point . chieko be upset and go to argue with he . chieko ( in sign language ) the ball be out . referee ( in sign language ) no , it be good . chieko gesture violently . one of she teammate go to calm she down . teammate let it go . chieko break loose and approach the referee . chieko that be out . referee it be on the line . 20 . chieko you be not just deaf , you be blind . referee you be out . chieko be furious . she start to make obscene gesture . chieko you be a asshole . the coach walk onto the court . he hold she to calm she down and then take she away . despite chieko 's violent reaction , everything be still silent . from the bleacher , yasujiro ( 47 ) , chieko 's father , dress in a nice suit with the tie undone , with a sad pride about he , disapprove of he daughter 's action . 30 int . locker room , volleyball court -- day chieko sit on a bench in she underwear . she look aggravate and absorb in she own thought . her other teammate get dress . two of they walk past wrap in towel , freshly shower , and stand in front of she . they talk to each other in sign language . teammate 1 you should not have lose you temper . we lose the game . chieko it be not my fault , it be the ref . teammate 2 if you have not be throw out , we would have win the game . chieko , angry , get up and start to rummage through she locker . her teammate walk over and get she attention . teammate 1 why be you in a bad mood ? chieko do not answer . teammate 2 approach . teammate 2 she 's always in a bad mood because nobody 's fuck she yet . she cap this with a obscene gesture that bother chieko . chieko I be gonna fuck you dad to get rid of my mood . teammate 1 laugh , amused . teammate 2 give chieko a scornful look . chieko smile sardonically . 21 . 31 int . yasujiro car -- day yasujiro drive while chieko look at the swarm Tokyo street . she be wear a skirt revealing of she long volleyball leg . her father speak to she in sign language . yasujiro what do you want to eat ? chieko I say I would meet my friend from the team at Eve 's . yasujiro be not we go to have lunch together ? chieko dad , I tell you I be go to eat with they , but you never pay attention to I . yasujiro shake he head in disapproval . chieko ( cont 'd ) my mother always pay attention to I . yasujiro why do you want to fight ? they do not say anything else . the traffic be chaotic . yasujiro ( cont 'd ) I miss you mother too . chieko just look at he . yasujiro ( cont 'd ) I be do what I can , sweetie . they do not say anything else . the traffic be chaos . 32 ext . STREET , tokyo -- day yasujiro park he car and chieko get out . yasujiro ( in sign language ) do not forget you have the dentist at four . chieko look annoyed , and blow she father a kiss goodbye . as she be about to get out of the car , yasujiro grab she arm . she turn to look at he . 22. yasujiro ( cont 'd ) ( in sign language ) I love you very much . they exchange a glance . she nod , close the door and leave . 33 int . eve' -- day Eve 's be a restaurant full of t.v. 's , noise , video game . there be smoke , and people talk everywhere . chieko move through the crowd . a hostess intercept she . hostess do you have a table ? chieko do not manage to read she lip . the hostess , smile , await a answer . chieko wait , expectant , for the hostess to repeat herself . hostess ( cont 'd ) do you have a table ? chieko nod and point at she group of girlfriend , who be sit on the barstool next to the bar . the hostess smile another stupid smile and let chieko by . further off , she friend spot she and make silly face . chieko laugh , walk over to they . they be all dress the same : short skirt , tight t-shirt . some of they have piercing in they nose , lip and ear . they all exude hormone in they silence . chieko go to talk to they in sign language . chieko why all the way in the corner ? mitsu , with a good body , not very tall and with violet highlight in she hair , point at a pair of table where a group of young man be drink beer . mitsu because of the view . chieko turn around and stare at one of they wear a Milan jersey . they eye meet . chieko keep she eye on he , and the boy finally turn away . mitsu ( cont 'd ) do you like he ? chieko nod without take she eye off he . 23. 34 int . eve' -- day chieko , mitsu and another of they friend be play a pinball game that make noise whenever the ball hit a wall . the young man in the Milan jersey approach chieko . young man hello . neither chieko , nor she friend answer . the guy turn to look at one of he friend , who signal for he to insist . young man ( cont 'd ) can I play with you ? chieko , obviously , can not hear he . she keep play . suddenly , mitsu notice the young man 's presence and tap chieko on the shoulder . chieko turn around and be surprised . the young man turn to look toward he friend as he speak . young man ( cont 'd ) do you want to come have a drink ? chieko get frustrated ; she cannot read he lip . he stop look at he friend and await a answer , but all he see be three silent girl stare at he stupefy . chieko talk to mitsu in sign language . chieko tell he I could not read he lip . the young man , upon see they communicate , be catch off guard . he turn around and walk toward he friend without say a word . 35 int . bathroom , eve' -- day chieko lean on the sink while mitsu pee in one of the stall . chieko be noticeably upset . mitsu walk out of the stall , fix she skirt . she see chieko be distress . mitsu ( in sign language ) what 's the matter ? chieko ( in sign language ) they look at we like we be monster . mitsu oh , come off it . 24 . chieko be at a loss for word . mitsu stare at she : it look like another one of many tantrum . chieko hike up she skirt and start to pull down she panty . mitsu ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? chieko now they be go to meet the real hairy monster . she make the gesture of stick she finger up a hole , then go to the toilet , throw she panty in and flush . she turn to look at mitsu defiantly , who can not help but laugh . 36 int . eve' -- day chieko sit on one of the restaurant 's bench . before she be a new group of young man . mitsu and chieko exchange a look . provocatively , chieko cross she leg slowly revealing she pussy . one of the young man seem to notice , and be stunne . chieko smile and do it again . he watch chieko again and discretely turn to one of he friend to tell he . chieko turn she back to he and face the bar . she look over at mitsu , who shake she head , amused . a beeper ring on chieko 's skirt . she pick it up and read : " do not forget you appointment with the dentist . papa . " she put the beeper away and turn toward mitsu . chieko I will see you later at my place . she mischievously turn toward the table where the young man be , and as she get off the bench she spread she leg wide open , flash he shamelessly . she strut out . 37 ext . desert -- day Ahmed and yussef run full speed , herding they goat as they go . some of they get leave behind and yussef hurry back to they . as they climb a hill , he slip and fall , roll downhill and drop the rifle , which slide a few meter away . Ahmed run to help he . yussef get up , cover in dust and with a scratch on he forehead . Ahmed pick up the rifle . ahmed hurry up , man , hurry ... 25 . Ahmed run off , hand flail , to herd the straggling sheep . yussef follow he , limping . 38 ext . yussef and ahmed' house -- later the brother make it back home . agitate , they put the goat back into they corral . Zora walk out and approach they . zora what 's wrong ? yussef , busy close the corral gate , pay no attention . Ahmed , breathe agitatedly , do not answer . zora ( cont 'd ) I ask you what 's wrong . Ahmed , full of adrenaline , glance angrily at she . ahmed what do you care , whore ? yussef get in the way . yussef do not talk to she like that . yussef step up to defend she , but Ahmed spin around and go into the house . yussef turn to Zora . yussef ( cont 'd ) something we eat make we sick so we come back . without another word , yussef also go into the house . 39 int . yussef and ahmed' house -- later yussef and Ahmed be sit on they mat , look at each other , pale , scared and quiet . yasira walk in to see they , follow by she daughter . she turn to Ahmed . yasira what be you do here ? Ahmed , livid , can not answer . yussef something we eat give we a stomach ache . yasira stare harshly at Ahmed . yasira and be that why you be insulting you sister ? 26 . Ahmed look at Zora , then yussef , and then be silent . yussef we be feel really ill . yasira point toward the corral . yasira the goat be go to feel even worse if they do not eat . take they out again . ahmed we stomach really hurt . yasira then start jerk the meat . yasira walk out . yussef and Zora exchange a look . 40 int . yussef and ahmed' house -- day yussef and Ahmed be jerk a couple of young goat with very sharp knife . they set the thin strip on newspaper . they look nervous . they talk in whisper . ahmed D ' you think something happen ? yussef I do not know . ahmed people be scream . they be silent for a long while . ahmed ( cont 'd ) it be you fault . yussef stare at he in disbelief . yussef it be both we fault . we both shot . ( a beat ) swear to I you will never say anything . Ahmed will not answer . yussef look around the room to make sure nobody be listen to they . yussef ( cont 'd ) swear . nobody , never . Ahmed remain pensive . he sigh and answer . 27 . ahmed I swear . nobody . 41 ext . yussef and ahmed' house -- evening the brother be hang the strip of meat on rope to dry they in the sun . a old valiant pack with seven man park in front of the house and Abdullah get out . he raise he hand to say goodbye . abdullah thank you , I will see you tomorrow . the driver also raise he hand and then drive off . Abdullah turn to yussef . abdullah ( cont 'd ) tell you mother to prepare dinner . Abdullah turn towards the house . yussef come out run towards a little field below the house . yasira be plow with a manual plow . yussef mother , mother , father say he want to have dinner now . 42 int . yussef and ahmed' house -- evening Abdullah and he child sit at the small table while the woman prepare the food . a column of smoke rise from the fire where they be roasting goat meat and toast bread . yamil , the youngest of the daughter , set some bread on the table . Abdullah take it , tear some off and start to eat . he turn to yussef . abdullah do you kill any jackal ? yussef we shot at they , but do not hit they . abdullah you have to kill they . if not they be go to eat all the goat . yasira set the strip of goat meat on the table . Abdullah serve himself some . his child wait until he 's do to serve themselves . yasira why be you home so late ? Abdullah start talk with he mouth full . 28 . abdullah they close the road , and we have to take the long way around . ( he swallow ) apparently some terrorist kill a american tourist . Ahmed and yussef shoot each other a nervous glance . yasira a american ? abdullah yes , the terrorist attack a tour bus on the road . yasira but there be not any terrorist here . Abdullah finish he mouthful . he wipe himself with he sleeve . Ahmed do not even dare raise he eye . abdullah you never know . yussef , nervous , look up . yussef and how do you know the american die ? abdullah that 's what they be say . the police be look for the culprit . yussef and Ahmed again exchange a furtive glance . 43 int . yussef and ahmed' house -- night night . a oil lamp in a nescafe jar light the house . the family sleep in the only two room in the house . one of they be the parent room , the other the child . we hear a goat bleat in the darkness . Abdullah 's snore . yasira 's breathe . the crunching of wood in the night cold . neither yussef , nor Ahmed can sleep . they both look at each other , anxious . 44 ext . border crossing -- day santiago 's car cross the border between San Diego and Tijuana . they drive through a green light at the crossing , easily enter Mexico without be stop by three mexican custom official . 29 . 45 int . santiago's car -- day Debbie and Mike stare through the window , amaze at the new world they be enter : other people , other architecture , other color , other noise . santiago turn towards they while he 's drive . santiago see how easy it be to get into paradise ? debbie be this Mexico ? amelia ( in Spanish ) yes , this be Mexico . mike my mom tell we Mexico be really dangerous . santiago turn toward the kid . santiago ( in Spanish ) yes , it 's full of mexican . Amelia and santiago look at each other and smile . 46 ext . tijuana -- day they drive through Tijuana . 47 int . santiago's car -- day Mike and Debbie continue to gaze awestruck through the window . santiago turn to they . santiago ( in Spanish ) be you hungry ? they both nod . santiago ( cont 'd ) do you like popsicle ? santiago pull over next to some stall , and the street vendor run out to offer they they product . 48 ext . park , tijuana -- day the child eat they popsicle as they walk through the endless aisle of stall , past the vendor and they incessant banter . 30 . mike what 's this flavor call ? santiago answer before Amelia . santiago ( in Spanish ) cajeta ... it 's call cajeta . mike ( mispronouncing ) cayeto ... santiago laugh . santiago no , cajeta ... cajeta ... mike cajeto , cajeta ... it 's the best thing I have ever taste in my life . ( a beat ) can I buy some for my mom ? she 's gonna love they . Amelia smile and nod . 49 ext . tijuana -- day the car drive out of the city and get on a highway . the desert rise in all its magnitude and severity . 50 ext . desert highway -- day santiago park the car next to a junkyard . Amelia and Debbie run out and hide behind a fence . Debbie pull she underpant down to pee . Troubled , she look at the mound of destroy car . debbie be they crash car ? amelia yes ... debbie do lot of people die ? amelia I guess so ... debbie I do not like Mexico . 31 . 51 ext . desert highway -- day they drive down the highway and then turn onto a path . they drive down the path at high speed , lift up cloud of dust . 52 ext . hamlet " los lobos " -- day they arrive at a dusty hamlet in the middle of the desert ; a few house , no more than twenty , some adorn with multicolor paper . several crate of soda be stack up against a makeshift shed build out of yucca frond . a group of musician who play norteña music be set up they instrument . there be various pickup truck and smuggle car park around the hamlet . the guest be wear they best : fresh shirt , big buckle , almost new boot . santiago park . Amelia get out first . a group of people see she and come over to greet she . comadre 1 ( all in Spanish ) hey , so you finally make it . Amelia smile . her friend notice Mike and Debbie . comadre 1 ( cont 'd ) you bring they ? Amelia nod . Luis ( 24 ) , Amelia 's son , a typical norteño cowboy with long sideburn and moustache , he face tan from day under the sun , wear a pistachio-colored tuxedo with a cloth flower in the lapel , greet Amelia with a kiss . luis hi mom , how're you do ? she look he up and down . amelia Son , you look like pedro infante . comadre 1 more like Luis miguel . amelia where 's the bride ? luis she 's not here yet . amelia what d' you mean she 's not here yet ? 32 . luis well , she be not here . Mike and Debbie , strike dumb by the language and the stranger , hide behind Amelia , who introduce they to Luis . amelia look son , this be Mike and Debbie , the kid I take care of . Luis hold he hand out ceremoniously . luis please to meet you Mike . santiago call out to some kid who be run around . santiago psst. lucio , come here . lucio ( 10 ) , the oldest of the gang , approach . santiago gesture toward the two american kid . santiago ( cont 'd ) this be Mike and Debbie . keep a eye on they for I . lucio give they a scornful glance and call they over half - heartedly . LUCIO come with I . with she hand , Amelia signal to the kid that it 's ok to go with he . shyly , Debbie and Mike follow . 53 int . room , hamlet " los lobos " -- day Amelia be in a room with she two daughter stand in front of a peel and break mirror put on she violet gown . one of she daughter help she and pull the zipper all the way up . daughter 1 ( all in Spanish ) oh mar , I do not know how you do it but it zipped up perfectly . amelia and it 's be 15 year since I last wear this dress . daughter 1 you have not change a bit , mar . 33. amelia work , dear , work , that 's what keep one young . the two sister realize that the dress have a hole just below the seat , exchange look and smile , which do not please Amelia . amelia ( cont 'd ) what be you guy laugh about ? daughter 2 nothing mar , nothing . Amelia look at they suspiciously , turn around and leave the room with she dress elegantly tear . 54 ext . desert road , morocco -- day the bus be in the middle of the road . several of the tourist be hide under they seat , frighten . the driver , still ducking , look toward the mountain to try to piece together what happen . Richard hold Susan against he shoulder , blood gush from she neck . her eye be open and stare at a fade world . Richard take Susan from under she armpit and carefully lay she down on the aisle . Anwar run over to help . richard take it easy honey , take it easy . Anwar take he shirt off - leave only in he undershirt - and put it under Susan 's neck . susan ( mumble senselessly ) I be ok ... I be ok ... Susan breathes in , and every time she do , blood flow from she wound . Richard turn toward the other passenger . richard be anybody a doctor ? nobody answer . Richard start to lose he cool . richard ( cont 'd ) please : a doctor . the pensioner do not answer ; they be too scared . Richard open Susan 's purse and see a cell phone . he turn it on and try to call , but there be no signal . he turn to Anwar . 34 . richard ( cont 'd ) where 's the nearest hospital ? anwar it 's far away , about four hour . ( a beat ) there 's a clinic that 's a little closer , about a hour and a half to the south . by bus it will take we about two hour and a half though . richard do that take away from marrakesh ? anwar yes , but it 's the close thing we have get . Richard run down the aisle and get out of the bus . 55 ext . desert highway -- day no car drive by . the road be almost desert . in the distance , a run-down renault approach . Richard stand in the road to stop it . the car brake and Richard run toward the driver : a old peasant travel with he eight year - old grandson . richard I need you help . we be attack . old man ( in Arabic ) I do not understand ... Richard grow desperate . richard help ... hospital ... old man ( in Arabic ) I do not understand you sir . Richard see that Anwar and the bus driver have get out of the bus and he start shouting at they for help . richard tell he we need he help . with the distraction , the old man drive off . Richard watch helplessly as they drive away and he grab Anwar by the arm . richard ( cont 'd ) let 's take she to the clinic . 35 . 56 ext . desert highway -- day the bus make a u-turn and drive away at full speed . 57 int . bus -- day the bus rattles along . Richard huddle over Susan , try to stop the blood flow from she neck . barth , a old man start shouting . barth marrakech be not this way . they be go to shoot at we again . richard we have get to get she to a hospital . barth they be go to kill we all . turn back ... turn the bus around ... Richard get exasperate at the old man 's scream . richard shut up , god damn it ! barth shut up and the bus drive on . 58 ext . desert highway -- day the bus bounce its way down the straight highway . 59 int . bus -- day the passenger sit quietly . as the ride get bumpier , Susan start to cry out in pain . susan it hurt , it hurt ... Richard try to calm she down . richard easy , sweetie , easy ... susan it hurt ... it hurt so much ... Richard turn she around and see she shoulder have be shattered . she will not stop shouting . a pool of blood start trickle down the aisle . richard ( a Anwar ) be not there anywhere else we can take she ? 36 . anwar we can take she to my town . it 's near here and there 's a doctor . in the meantime we can call erfourd for a ambulance . Richard turn to look at Susan , who be writhe in pain . richard ok . anwar ( to the driver , in Arabic ) make a right onto the next road . Richard and Anwar exchange a glance . 60 ext . desert highway -- day the bus leave the main road and turn into a dirt road . 61 int . bus -- day the bus ' poor suspension give the passenger a jolt . Richard try to protect Susan 's head . 62 ext . hamlet -- day the bus pull into a small group of house . several child run beside the bus , chase it . some gaunt dog get out of the way to let the bus by . 63 ext . anwar' house -- day the bus pull up in front of a modest house . 64 int . bus -- day Richard raise he head and see the desolate environ . richard be we here ? anwar yes sir , this be my house . Richard try to carry Susan , but she scream in pain . richard easy , darling , easy ... he slip he hand under she and lift she up . susan do not touch I there . 37 . Richard move he hand , which be cover in blood . as he carry she , he turn into the aisle while Anwar and one of the passenger try to help he . 65 ext . hamlet -- day Richard carry she into the house through a crowd of curious child . 66 int . anwar' house -- day Anwar lead Richard down the hallway amidst Susan 's scream . 67 ext . patio , anwar' house -- day they walk through a dusty patio and Anwar point at some stair . Richard climb they with difficulty and Anwar open the door to a room . anwar here ... here ... 68 int . room , anwar' house -- day a old woman ( 87 ) , Anwar 's grandmother , who have century of desert in she expression , let they in and point at a rug on the floor . anwar' grandmother ( in Arabic ) put she there ... Richard understand and softly lay Susan on the rug . Susan look around horrify : adobe wall , dirt floor : the epitome of the third world . richard I need to call a ambulance and contact my embassy . anwar if you have the number of the embassy , I can go call . obviously , Richard do not have it . richard I need to make a phone call . anwar of course , come with I . they get ready to leave and Susan start implore . susan do not leave I here alone ... 38 . richard do not worry , I will be right back . Susan look desperate . to set Richard somewhat at ease , Anwar point at he grandmother . anwar she can take care of she . Richard lean over Susan . richard you be go to be ok . Anwar kneel down next to she , take a cloth and improvise a tourniquet that he adjust near she shoulder . he turn towards the grandmother . anwar ( in Arabic ) hold and release the tourniquet every once in a while . the grandmother nod . she see the swarm of kid look into the place and she shoos they away . anwar' grandmother ( in Arabic ) get out of here ... out ... the kid obey , except for one or two who take one last look before they go . Susan 's terrify eye watch Anwar and Richard leave the room . 69 ext . anwar' house -- day the bus be still park in front of the house . as soon as Richard walk out , the pensioner approach he . douglas how be you wife ? richard bad. very bad . Tom ( 51 ) , a fat English passenger , face he . tom get she outta there and let 's go . richard and where should I take she ? tom in Egypt , in a town like this , they slit thirty german tourist ' throat . they might do the same to we . 39 . Anwar listen and intervene . anwar no , not here . tom ( aggressively ) what do you know ? we have to get out of here as soon as possible . lilly ( 79 ) , a old woman , approach . lilly it 's very hot , sir , and the driver turn off the air conditioning . I be feel sick . richard you can not leave we here . James ( 82 ) , lilly 's husband , step forward . jame what 's the use in stay ? richard in case I need the bus . jame they can go drop we off and then come back for you . Douglas ( 75 ) , a tall old man with good posture , interject . douglas I will stay with you if you need I . elyse ( 73 ) , he wife , scold he . elyse and why would you stay ? richard please wait . let I try to deal with this . tom we be not go to risk we life , so hurry . Douglas look defiantly at Tom . douglas you do what you have to do , we will wait . 40 . 70 ext . hamlet -- day Richard and Anwar walk down the street of the small hamlet before the people 's inquisitive gaze . they arrive at a general store with all sort of root and grain display outside . Anwar walk over to the owner . anwar ( in Arabic ) we need you phone . I will pay for the call . 71 int . room , anwar' house -- day Susan be lie on the floor , desolate . it seem as if the pain be diminish . the grandmother lean over she and softly caress she with she dirty , wrinkle hand . this startles Susan . anwar' grandmother ( in Arabic ) how do you feel ? Susan be a little bit uncomfortable with she this close . susan can I have some water ? the old woman do not seem to understand . she grab a basket of date and offer they to she . Susan shake she head . susan ( cont 'd ) no , water ... with she hand , Susan mime drink a glass of water . the old woman seem to understand . she pour some water from a jar , lean over she and help she drink in small sip . susan ( cont 'd ) thanks . the grandmother bow she head as if to say " you welcome . " susan ( cont 'd ) where 's my husband ? the old woman just smile . Susan make a gesture of desperation . the grandmother lean over she , unfurl she index finger and point at she heart . anwar' grandmother ( in Arabic ) trust in god . Susan keep look at she as she slowly get up and go to sit in a chair . 41 . 72 int . general store -- day Richard be in a small cubicle dial on a old cream - color rotary phone while Anwar wait discretely in a corner . dozen of people watch from outside . Richard turn to look at they while the call connect . richard yes ... Rachel ? it 's Richard ... rachel ( o.s. ) '' be you still in moroccco ? richard yes , we be still in Morocco ... Rachel , there be a accident , you sister be shot ... rachel ( o.s. ) ( surprise ) what ? who shot she ? richard I do not know ... we be shot at from some hill . rachel be she ok ? richard she be hit in she neck and shoulder . Rachel , she 's not do well ... I need you to tell the embassy as soon as possible ... wait ... and call Mark ... rachel ( o.s. ) where be you ? he turn to Anwar . richard Anwar , where be we ? anwar in tazarine , three hour southwest of erfoud . richard be in tazarine , t-a-z-a-r-i - n-e Three hour southwest of erfoud ... in the desert ... it 's a town ... there 's no hospital ... there 's nothing here at all ... rachel ( o.s. ) where be you call I from ? 42 . richard from a shop . Rachel , this be urgent ... urgent ... call the embassy ... they have to help we ... call James too ... rachel ( o.s. ) why do they shoot she ? richard I do not know ... Rachel , you be sister 's badly hurt ... do you understand ? call for help ... now ... he hang up . as soon as he do , he turn to Anwar . richard ( cont 'd ) call a ambulance ... anwar I will call erfoud so they send one over . Anwar , clumsy and stress at Richard 's desperation , take the phone and start dial . richard and find a doctor ... as he finish dial , Anwar turn to Richard . anwar they have already go to look for he . 73 int . room , anwar' house -- day Richard return to the room . Susan , weak , lie with she eye open . the grandmother be tend to the wound , which will not stop bleed . she get up and go to Anwar . anwar' grandmother ( in Arabic ) Anwar , bring I some water . 74 ext . patio , anwar' house -- day Anwar go out to the patio and fetch a metal basin full of soil . he go to a well , scoops out some water with a gourd and wash out the basin . Anwar be walk back when he be stop by Mohammed , he brother , a fat man ( 32 ) with curly hair and a tan face . mohammed ( the entire dialogue in Arabic ) why do you bring they here ? 43. Anwar do not pay attention to he and keep walk toward the room . his brother catch up to he . mohammed ( cont 'd ) you should have consult with we . Anwar stop and look at he fixedly . anwar she 's hurt , we have to take care of she . mohammed in town they be say she be shot by terrorist . do you know what they be go to do to we when they find out she 's here ? anwar do not be paranoid and go help find the doctor . Anwar pay no more attention to he and carry the basin into the room . 75 int . room , anwar' house -- day Susan be lie down . a small pool of blood have collect under she neck . she look restless . she whisper weakly . susan get I out of here ... please ... richard I be go to as soon as I can . I have already call Rachel ; she 's go to tell the embassy . susan I tell you we should not have come . just then Anwar enter . the grandmother take the basin and set it in a corner . she get some piece of cloth and start to soak they . richard how long until the ambulance get here ? anwar about a hour and a half . it 's come from alnif . richard that much ? be not there anyone here who could take she ? 44 . Anwar shake he head . richard ( cont 'd ) we have get to get she out of here . there 's no one to tend to she . anwar my brother already call a doctor , he 's come . Richard be go to say something , but hold back . his despair and confusion be evident . anwar ( cont 'd ) trust my grandmother ; she know a lot about remedy . the grandmother wring out the rag and put they on a table . she take some herb , a fistful of earth from the floor and she toss they into the basin . she stir it and pull out a clump of mud which she lay out on one of the piece of cloth . Susan look horrify at the dirt . the grandmother lean over she and try to clean the wound with the other moisten rag . Susan resist . anwar' grandmother ( in Arabic ) I have to clean you . anwar ( to Susan ) miss , my grandmother be go to help you . the grandmother finish clean she with the damp cloth and grab the clump of mud . she try to put it on the wound , but Susan flinch . susan no , not that . anwar' grandmother ( in Arabic ) it will stop the bleed . susan no , no ... not that ... Richard intervene . richard ( to Anwar ) let 's wait for the doctor . 45 . 76 ext . hamlet -- day two old man walk through the street . 77 int . room , anwar' house -- day Mohammed walk into the room and call he . mohammed ( in Arabic ) the sheik and the moukadem be here . 78 ext . anwar' house -- day the two man walk past the tourist and head inside without knock or ask for permission . 79 ext . patio , anwar' house -- day Richard and Anwar have walk out into the patio to wait for they . the sheik approach . sheik ( in Arabic ) Allah be with you . anwar ( in Arabic ) Allah be with you . he turn to Richard and speak to he in very bad french . sheik ( in bad french ) I be atallah the sheik and this be walid , the moukadem . I be very sorry about you wife . richard I do not understand french . anwar he say he be very sorry about you wife . Richard thanks he with a nod . sheik ( to Anwar , in Arabic ) tell he that I want to ask he some question . anwar ( to Richard ) can he ask you some question ? Richard nod . the sheik continue in Arabic . 46 . sheik ( in Arabic ) do you have any enemy in this country ? anwar he ask if you have any enemy in this country . Richard shake he head . richard of course not . sheik ( in Arabic ) then why be you shot at ? anwar why do you come to Morocco ? richard vacation . anwar ( in Arabic ) he have no idea . sheik ( in Arabic ) what do he do for a live ? anwar what do you do for a live ? richard I be a magazine editor . anwar ( in Arabic ) he edit magazine . sheik ( in Arabic ) anti-muslim magazine ? anwar anti-muslim magazine ? richard no , magazine magazine . anwar ( in Arabic ) no , normal magazine . 47 . richard tell he we need to get my wife out of here . ask he if the ambulance be on its way . anwar ( in Arabic ) he want to get he wife out of here . he want to know if the ambulance be on its way . sheik ( in Arabic ) tell he the federal police be in charge of this , that they be go to send the ambulance . anwar he say the federal police be already in charge , that they be go to send the ambulance . the sheik look at the house . sheik ( in Arabic ) hey , do you cousin finally end up get marry ? anwar ( in Arabic ) yep , she 's marry , she do not live here anymore . Richard , anxious , question Anwar . richard what do he say ? anwar he give you he bless . richard thank you . the sheik and the moukadem turn and exit the house . 80 int . dentist office -- day chieko be sit in the reception area , wait she turn . there be a woman with a twelve year - old son listen to a walkman and a old couple . the receptionist ( 50 ) will not stop talk to the old lady . 48 . receptionist my niece sell this creams . and just look at my skin now . I be go to turn fifty - two and look , almost no wrinkle ... the woman continue she banal chatter . chieko observe she grotesque mouth . she then look at the old man 's bored face , the old woman 's feign interest , the mother 's annoyed expression , and the boy , who rock he head to the music . a man walk out and the receptionist gesture at chieko and point toward the door . 81 int . dentist office -- day the dentist ( 47 ) - tall and , unlike the receptionist , with impeccable skin cover he harden , attractive face - examine chieko 's mouth . his face come very close to hers as he look at she , make she nervous . the fat receptionist walk in without knock . receptionist here be the sterilize drill bit . the dentist look up at she . she leave the drill bit on a table and leave . the dentist turn back to chieko and speak face to face with she so she can read he lip . dentist i- think -you-have-two-cavity - in - your-molar . she smile . the dentist move closer to chieko 's mouth again ; she cannot stop look at he . suddenly , chieko lick he cheek . he be surprised , but continue he checkup . she lick he again , this time on the lip . he pull away , flustered . dentist ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? she grab he hand , put it on she inner thigh and rub it against she pubis . he , confuse , try to pull he hand away , but she prevent he from do so . the scene start to turn slightly grotesque . after a slight struggle , he pull he hand back . dentist ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter with you ? she grab he hand again and , again , pull it toward she pubis . he get angry and move back . the fat woman enter again without knock , see they be agitate and , without a word , walk out and close the door . 49 . the dentist turn toward chieko . dentist ( cont 'd ) get out . she shake she head . she be excited , anxious , scared , fragile . he pull she by she wrist out of the chair . dentist ( cont 'd ) get out right now . he walk to the door and open it . just before she walk out , chieko draw out a slight smile , which be almost a grin . 82 ext . tokyo street -- day chieko walk down crowded Tokyo street . she walk with a lose gaze , unsettle . 83 ext . apartment build , tokyo -- day chieko arrive at a upper class apartment complex . the architecture be cut edge , but impersonal and cold . 84 int . lobby , tokyo apartment build -- day chieko enter the lobby . beside the doorman be two man dress in suit : kenji ( 31 ) and hamano ( 50 ) . the janitor gesture at chieko with he chin . the man walk over toward she and cut she off . hamano be you yasujiro wataya 's daughter ? chieko do not manage to read he lip . she be silent . the doorman notice the situation , walk out from behind he small desk and shout at the man . doorman she 's deaf mute . face she when you speak so she can read you lip . kenji and hamano be disconcert . hamano stand squarely in front of she and speak slowly , emphasize every word . hamano are-you -yasujiro - wataya 's - daughter ? she nod . hamano ( cont 'd ) we-are -sargeant - kenji-mamiya - and - hamano-kanoo-of-the-tokyo-police . we-need-to-find-your-father . she pull out a pen and a piece of paper from she bag . she scrawl a few line and hand they over . 50 . hamano read it and turn he face toward hers . hamano ( cont 'd ) no , he do not do anything wrong . we just want to talk to he . do you know where he be ? she shrug she shoulder . kenji give she he card . upon receive it , chieko turn to look at he . they eye meet and she look down . she then look up again , blush . kenji tell he to call we . and do not be scared , we be not go to do anything bad to he . hamano thank you . chieko can not stop stare at kenji . the two cop leave . as soon as they do , chieko head toward the elevator . 85 int . chieko' apartment -- day chieko walk into the apartment . it be a large apartment , elegantly furnish . although decoration be scant , some hunt trophy stand out : a scimitar- horn oryx , sheep , and other . there be also photograph of yasujiro hunt . a wall be dedicated to family photo . among they be a picture of chieko as a little girl with she father and she mother . chieko see a note on the table at the entrance . she put the policeman 's card down and pick up a note from she father that say : " I wait until five and you do not make it . I have get a meeting and I will be back late . I leave you some soup and some chicken for dinner . kisses. papa . " 86 int . chieko' room -- day chieko sit in front of a mute t.v. , channel surfing . she stop at a fashion show , then some cartoon . suddenly , on a news program , we see the photograph of Ahmed and yussef . chieko look at they for a moment and then change the channel . she be watch t.v. when a red bulb , set between a yellow bulb and a blue one , start to light up insistently as the doorbell ring . chieko notice and shut off the t.v. 87 int . live room , chieko' apartment -- day chieko open the door and mitsu walk in . they greet each other with a handshake where they end up touch they index finger to each other 's heart . 51 . mitsu be you ready ? chieko yeah , I be just go to get my bag . chieko go to get she bag . mitsu see the policeman 's card on the entrance table and look at it . chieko come back and mitsu ask she about it in sign language . mitsu the cop come again ? chieko yeah . they have not come in nine month . but this be different cop . mitsu do they come to ask about you mother ' death ? chieko no , but they be probably go to ask my dad about the same thing . mitsu they be just not convinced , be they ? chieko shake she head , remain pensive and then smile . chieko believe it or not , I like one of the cop . chieko put kenji 's card in she purse . mitsu do you put on some panty ? chieko smile , lift up she skirt and expose she naked pubis . mitsu lift hers up as well and be also without panty . they laugh and leave the apartment . 88 ext . yussef and ahmed' house -- moment later Dawn . the desert be a rise plain softly light by the sun 's first ray . yussef and Ahmed be digging a hole with they bare hand . once they be finish , they clean up around the hole and mark it with three stone . 89 ext . highway , desert -- morning alarid ( 40 ) , a federal cop , tall , in a impeccable uniform with numerous rank badge , stand on the highway examine the site of the shot with the old man who be drive . 52 . in the distance we can see a police checkpoint stop some car and , after check they , let they go . alarid ( to the old man , the entire dialogue in Arabic ) be you sure it be here ? old man sure . I drive down this road every day . the american try to stop I right here . he stand more or less where Richard try to stop he . old man ( cont 'd ) I be scared . he be cover in blood and I be come from pick up my grandson from he work . alarid where be the bus ? the old man point some twenty yard behind he . old man over there . alarid walk toward where the old man say and look out at the mountain . some of he man be visible at the top . alarid talk to they by radio . alarid look further to the right . we can see some man explore the terrain . alarid ( cont 'd ) ( to the old man ) why do you wait so long to contact the police ? old man I have to drive my grandson home . the radio crackle . policeman voice Captain alarid , Captain alarid ... we find the cartridge . 90 ext . mountain range -- morning alarid squat , scrutinize the four empty cartridge lie on the earth . one of he man approach and alarid signal with he hand for he to stop immediately . 53. alarid stop right there ... the man remain motionless . alarid follow the print that lead away from the cartridge . he reach the mess of goat hoof -print . he pick up a ball of shit and feel it . alarid ( cont 'd ) they be from around here . find out who have a .270 caliber rifle . 91 ext . desert -- morning yussef and Ahmed walk back home , lose in they own thought . suddenly a jackal trot out and stare at they . yussef pick up a rock and throw it . the jackal run off . 92 ext . hassan's house -- morning Hassan and he wife be listen to the radio and play card at a table place outside the house . as they play , Hassan whittles a stake with a small knife . Hassan 's wife lower she hand and Hassan follow . hassan I win ... his wife push two chip from she pile toward he . in the distance , several truck approach , kick up a dust cloud . Hassan 's wife get up to better see they . wife be you expect anyone ? Hassan stand up and watch the vehicle come closer . hassan no . five truck pull up in a semicircle around the house . a dozen police officer get out armed and aim at Hassan and he wife . alarid get out and stand next to he car door . alarid Hassan Ibrahim ? Hassan paralyze by fear , answer in a break voice . hassan yes . one of the police officer approach he aim directly at he head , while another one aim at he wife . 54 . police officer Drop you weapon . Hassan lift up he knife and show it to they . hassan it 's not a weapon , it 's my knife . police officer Drop it , now ... Hassan drop the knife in the dust . police officer ( cont 'd ) get down on the floor ... face down ... Hassan and he wife look at each other before they obey . hassan what do we do ? the cop ready himself to fire , and Hassan drop to the ground . his wife follow and also lie on she stomach . 93 ext . yussef and ahmed' house -- day Abdullah take two goat out of the corral , tie a rope to they neck and drag they over to a rock . the goat bleat desperately try to break free . Abdullah turn to look at he child . abdullah hold they . yussef and Ahmed hold they leg . Abdullah pull out a knife and slit the goat 's throat . 94 ext . hassan's house -- day Hassan lie on the floor , cuffed , with a break mouth , surround by cop . alarid be carry out the interrogation , squatting next to Hassan 's face . alarid why do you shoot at the bus ? hassan I do not shoot at anyone . alarid then who , you idiot ? Hassan remain silent and turn to look at he wife who be sit on a chair , cuffed , a few yard away . 55 . hassan it be not I . alarid punch he in the face . alarid that be you rifle . hassan no , not anymore , I sell it today . alarid oh yeah ? to who ? 95 ext . yussef and ahmed' house -- later Abdullah give yussef and Ahmed some goat skin . abdullah take this goat skin to naguib and see if he want to buy they . the two brother bundle up the skin , tie they up with some cord and they leave down the path away from the house . 96 ext . desert -- day as they climb a hill , they encounter a convoy of moroccan police truck . they be terrify . the vehicle screech to a dramatic halt before they , lift up much dust . alarid open the passenger window . alarid hey , do you know where Abdullah adboum life ? Ahmed and yussef exchange a glance . yussef nod . yussef yes . Ahmed get very nervous . yussef point the wrong way with a air of certainty . yussef ( cont 'd ) over there , you have to cross that mountain . alarid they tell we he live around here . yussef no , we just live here with we mother . Abdullah life over there . alarid scrutinize the brother ' face . 56 . alarid if you be lie to I I be go to come back and cut you ball off . Ahmed breathes nervously . yussef continue in cold blood . yussef you can come back whenever you like . alarid smile and gesture at the driver with he head that they should go on . the police vehicle drive off in the direction yussef point they in . 97 ext . yussef and ahmed' house -- day Ahmed and yussef run home . they mother and sister be milk some goat into a tin bucket . when they fill , Abdullah empty the milk out into a barrel . ahmed papa ... papa ... Abdullah put the bucket down on the floor and turn to look at he kid , who stop before he , panting , exhilated . abdullah what happen ? Ahmed can barely control he gasp . ahmed the police ... they be look for you ... abdullah I ? why ? yussef no , they be not look for you ... they be look for we ... abdullah you ? why ? yussef because of what happen to the tourist ... yasira and she two daughter stop milk and approach . Abdullah can not seem to understand what they talk about . abdullah what tourist ? ahmed the american ... yussef kill she ... 57 . yussef that 's not true , we both do . yasira what be you say ? Ahmed fire he word out . ahmed yussef start shoot at the car because Hassan say that the bullet could go really far ... yussef that 's a lie , you start shoot at the car . ahmed yes , but you kill she . Abdullah lose he patience and grab Ahmed by the shoulder . abdullah what the hell be you talk about ? Ahmed look at he father straight in the eye . ahmed yussef kill the american and he spy on Zora naked and Zora let he watch she ... Abdullah turn toward Zora . in he mind , everything be confusion . abdullah what be you brother talk about ? zora that 's bullshit . ahmed it 's not bullshit ; she 's a whore and my brother spy on she ... as soon as the word leave Ahmed 's mouth , yussef deck he and leave he sprawle on the dust . Ahmed shoot right back up and run at yussef kick , until they be both entangle in the fight and end up roll on the ground . Abdullah try to get between they . 98 ext . hamlet " los lobos " -- day Debbie and Mike be almost like spectator at a soccer match between the other kid , as they play in the dirt with a orange plastic ball . 58 . nobody pass to they . Mike just run from side to side without say a word . frustrate , Debbie just watch . 99 int . house , hamlet " los lobos " -- day nside the house , Amelia be check on the food . amelia ( all in Spanish ) how many pot of rice do you make ? daughter 1 I make two . Amelia look out the window and see the vast amount of guest that have arrive and which have transformed the hamlet into a large parking lot of truck , horse , cart , etc . amelia too many people have come , that 's not go to be enough . make two more pot . she turn to another of she daughter . amelia ( cont 'd ) and you Maria eugenia , warm up more tortilla . she see santiago walk past the window . amelia ( cont 'd ) santiago ... please go kill another six chicken , or there will not be enough food . santiago stop and look through the window . santiago sure thing . out back , santiago see a car arrive . a priest step out . 100 ext . hamlet " los lobos " -- day Luis be stand under a shack drink beer with some friend . Amelia , worried , approach he . amelia ( both in Spanish ) Luis , the priest be here and Patricia have not arrive . where be she ? luis no idea . 59 . amelia Fifteen minute leave before the wedding and you have no idea ? luis what if she do not want to get marry ? shut up and come help I look for she . 101 ext . hamlet " los lobos " -- day santiago arrive at where the child be play . he call out to they . santiago ( in Spanish ) who want to help I with the chicken ? everyone raise they hand and go toward he . Mike and Debbie stand still without know what to do . santiago call they . santiago ( cont 'd ) Mike and Debbie . come with I . 102 ext . chicken coop -- day the chicken walk around a rustic chicken coop make with wire mesh and mesquite post . santiago open the door to the coop and let the kid in , Mike and Debbie among they . once inside , santiago tell they to catch the chicken . santiago ( in Spanish ) I will give ten peso to the first one of you who catch a chicken . the kid start chase the chicken , which scamper as soon as they feel hand try to grab they . at first , Mike and Debbie do not know what to do , but they be soon amused and run to catch they . after a while , Debbie catch one and hold it up . santiago applaud she . santiago ( cont 'd ) Debbie be the winner . now we need another five . the kid get back to they game of catch chicken . 103 ext . desert road -- day santiago 's car drive down the road , with a terrible sun beat down on it . 60 . 104 int . santiago's car -- day Luis drive while Amelia look out the window . amelia ( both in Spanish ) do you get into a fight with Patricia ? luis no , not at all . amelia I do not bust my hump to pay for this wedding for Patricia not to show . so she 's either come or she 's come . 105 ext . chicken coop -- day santiago have several chicken tie up . one of the kid catch the last one and hand it to santiago . santiago ( in Spanish ) ready . now who 's go to help I ? several child raise they hand . Mike and Debbie raise theirs as well , excited . santiago pick Mike . santiago ( cont 'd ) let 's see , Mike , you can help I . proud , Mike walk toward santiago and stand next to he . santiago unty a chicken and give it to Mike . santiago ( cont 'd ) hold it tight , like this . he show he how to hold it . Mike grab it and hold it between he arm , smile , oblivious to what will happen . santiago grab the chicken by the head and pull it off . the chicken start to shake , spurting blood everywhere . Mike , stunne , let the animal fall to the ground and the chicken start its mad race . the mexican kid start scream excitedly , chase the headless chicken . nobody notice that Debbie and Mike , completely shocked , be about to cry . 106 ext . patricia' house -- day they arrive at the bride 's house . a car adorn with ribbon be park outside . there be no one to be see . 61 . 107 int . santiago's car -- day Luis honk the horn . nobody show . amelia I be go to see if they be inside . 108 ext . patricia' house -- day as Amelia get out , Patricia 's mother appear , upset . amelia what 's the matter ? mother Patricia 's not feel well . 109 ext . chicken coop -- day santiago and the other kid be pluck the chicken 's feather . Mike and Debbie stare , horrify . santiago ( in Spanish ) be not you go to help ? Mike and Debbie shake they head . santiago ( cont 'd ) why ? mike it 's not good to kill animal . santiago smile to himself . santiago ( in English ) have you ever be to kentucky fry Chicken ? they both nod . santiago ( cont 'd ) what ? do you think that Colonel Sanders keep they as pet ? he hand Mike a headless chicken , and he slowly start to pluck it . 110 int . patricia' room -- day Patricia , in she bridal dress and clearly six month pregnant , be sit on she bed with she hand around she belly , with she mother , father and entire family around she . 62 . patricia ( both in Spanish ) my belly 's be hard since the morning . amelia that happen when you be nervous . madre D ' you think the baby 's come ? amelia there 's no way the baby 's come ; she 's only six month pregnant . patricia but my belly feel hard , really hard . amelia D ' you want to get marry ? patricia yes . amelia well , let 's go then . madre and what if the baby come out ? amelia well , we will have the wedding and baptize the kid while we be at it . 111 ext . hamlet -- day a bearded man ( 50 ) on a old bicycle ride down the hamlet 's narrow street . he be carry a briefcase on the bike . he be escort by dozen of child . 112 int . room , anwar' house -- day Susan be lie on the floor , moan softly . fly hover around the pool of blood under she neck . Richard , worried , stroke she hair . the grandmother bring they a pot of tea with two cup and set they on the floor beside they . richard thank you . the grandmother go to sit in a chair . Mohammed walk in and whisper something to he . Anwar turn to Richard . 63. anwar the doctor 's here . 113 ext . patio , anwar' house -- day the doctor walk across the patio , through the tumult of child and before the scrutiny of two police officer . 114 int . room , anwar' house -- day the doctor enter the room . doctor ( in Arabic ) Allah be with you . anwar' grandmother ( in Arabic ) Allah be with you . Richard just bow he head slightly . the doctor walk over to Susan , shoos the fly away and examine the wound . she look at he , anxious . doctor ( in Arabic ) the bullet do not hit she spine or split she jugular . but it do shatter she clavicle and she could bleed to death . Anwar look worried . richard what do he say ? anwar he say she will be fine . richard stop lie to I god damn it , and tell I what the fuck he say ! the doctor address Richard in terrible English . doctor Hospital ... need hospital ... richard yes , we know that . what can you do in the meantime ? doctor ( in Arabic , to Anwar ) tell he I have to stitch up the wound to stop the bleed . 64 . Anwar draw close to Richard and whisper . anwar he have to sew up she wound . Susan turn to look at they , suspicious . susan what do he say ? Richard get nervous . richard you need some stitches . susan what do you mean stitches ? the doctor open he kit and take out a rudimentary needle and thread . he get ready to sew . Richard question he , also in whisper . richard you be not go to give she any anesthetic ? the doctor and Anwar exchange a look . anwar ( to Richard ) no , he do not use anesthetic . richard what kind of doctor be he ? Anwar answer naively , in a low voice . anwar he 's a veterinarian , but he be good . Richard look at he , surprised and angry . richard he can not take care of she . susan Richard , he might infect the wound ... Richard can not answer as he focus on what the doctor say . doctor ( in Arabic ) tell he that if I do not stitch up she wound she may bleed to death . 65 . anwar if he do not sew up the wound , she may bleed to death . doctor ( in Arabic , to Anwar ) and tell he she clavicle be break . we have to fasten a splint to it . anwar he say she have a break bone and he have to put a splint on it . Richard remain pensive for a moment . he look at Susan , then at the doctor and assent tentatively . doctor ( in Arabic ) we be go to have to hold she down . he mime hold she down with he hand . Richard lean over Susan , who weakly languish on the rug . richard honey , this be go to hurt a little . she stare at he . Richard turn to Anwar and signal that he can begin . Anwar hold she hand . Susan , stupefy , to Richard . susan Richard , do not let he ... the doctor lift Susan 's neck and start to stitch . she howl in pain and try to move away . Anwar and Richard hold Susan down . the doctor stick the needle in again . Susan shake she head from side to side try to pull away . susan ( cont 'd ) do not let he , do not let he . richard calm down ... calm down ... Susan , they have to sew you up ... relax ... Richard hold she head to keep she still . she resist . susan no , no ...no .. richard honey , please try to relax ... 66 . the doctor rub alcohol on the wound and start to stitch . she moan in pain . Richard put a rag in she mouth , on which she bite down . 115 ext . tiny shop -- day Mohammed sit outside with three friend drink coffee . from where they be we see the bus and the american tourist . a battery power radio play moroccan music and commercial in the background . mohammed I do not understand why Anwar bring they here . friend 1 well he spend all he time with they , what do you expect . friend 2 the woman be hurt , he have to help she . mohammed yeah ? and when have they help we ? friend 1 I like one of that tourist . friend 2 really ? they be all skin and bone . suddenly Mohammed focus on the radio . mohammed shh ... sh ... listen . the friend be quiet . newscaster ( v.o. ) today , near tazarine , there be a incident where a american be shot ... one of the friend interrupt . friend 3 hey look , it 's the story . friend 2 they say tazarine , do you hear ? we be on the radio ... mohammed shh , shut up . 67 . newscaster ( v.o. ) although authority say it could have be a foil robbery , the american government claim they be certain it be a terrorist attack . Minister hassef hazal have say that in we country , terrorist cell have be eradicate , that Morocco be a peaceful country and that one act of vulgar banditry follow by superficial evaluation such as the U.S. intend to place upon it cannot ruin the image , the economy and the pacifist reputation of we country . american ambassador Ken Jones , however , insist that it be a terrorist attack on american citizen , that it merit a full investigation , and that the guilty should be punish . so far , the attack have not be attribute to any know terrorist organization ... Mohammed shout . mohammed I fuck tell Anwar , I tell he he be only go to get we in trouble ... he never come and when he do he always bring trouble ... god damn it ... friend 1 be the Americans go to invade we country ? mohammed I do not know . 116 int . anwar' house -- day Susan lie on the floor with she neck shoddily stitched and a splint on she shoulder make out of a few stick and some dirty bandage . she moan in pain and mumble curse . susan I hate you ... I hate you ... she try to stand , but the doctor impede it . doctor ( to Anwar in Arabic ) tell she not to move ; the bullet 's still inside . 68 . anwar ( to Susan ) do not move , miss . the bullet be still inside you . susan I do not give a shit ... richard my love , do not move . susan I want to call the kid . richard you can not move , calm down . susan I want to talk to they . richard you can not ; there 's only one phone in town . I will call they later . she seem obsessed by the idea . susan I want to talk to they ... she try to stand again . as they struggle , the grandmother take out a hash pipe form a drawer and light it . she give it two drag and squat next to Susan . she show she how to smoke it and hand it over . the old woman 's serenity be such that Susan acquiesce . she take four drag and slowly start to relax . Susan smoke another three time , relax and close she eye . the old woman go to get the clump of mud and start to spread it on Susan 's neck . Susan do not protest . Richard watch the scene in awe . 117 ext . anwar' house -- day the bus be still park outside Anwar 's house . some of the passenger sit lean against the wall , scrutinize by some of the town 's child and woman who have offer they tea and date . 118 int . bus -- day the driver sit in the driver 's seat and stare out at the desolate landscape through the windshield . several of the tourist nap in they seat . one of they , a french tourist , Robert ( 70 ) , start to breathe with difficulty . Jane ( 65 ) , he wife , be alarmed . 69 . jane ( in french ) be you ok ? Robert nod , but it be clear that he be not . Jane shout at the driver . jane ( cont 'd ) ( in french ) could you please turn on the air conditioning ? the driver shake he head regretfully . driver ( in break french ) no air condition , no gasoline near . I be sorry . Robert inhale , he can barely breathe . jane ( in french ) my husband be feel ill . you have to turn it on . driver ( in french ) no possible . no gasoline near . I be sorry . lilly ( in french ) please , it 's too hot . we can get dehydrated . driver ( in french ) I be really sorry , forgive I , but gasoline finish with air conditioner . Tom turn to Jane . tom what be he say ? jane that he can not turn on the air conditioning , that it 's not possible . Tom stand up and go to yell at the driver . tom fuck you . we be gettin ' out of here . 70 . 119 ext . patio , anwar' house -- day Tom resolutely walk up the stair follow by James . 120 int . room , anwar' house -- day Richard be look out the window while Susan , relaxed , sleep . Tom and James walk in make noise . tom we have gotta talk to you . Richard , with he index finger , signal for he to shut up and point at Susan . he gesture for they to leave the room . 121 ext . anwar' house -- day Tom , James and other be gather by the door . tom we be leave . richard you can not leave we like this . tom there be old people here and the heat be get to they . richard at least wait until a ambulance come . tom one man almost faint in the bus and there 's a woman who need to get back in time to take she medication . Richard turn to Anwar . richard be there anyone around here who can take they in ? tom it 's not about that . lilly Sir , we can not wait anymore . walter a English man , one of the older man , defend he . walter we can not leave he here alone . tom well let he come , then . 71 . douglas his wife be in no condition to ride a bus . tom and lot of other people be not in any condition to keep wait , can not you see ? richard just wait , the ambulance should be here any minute now . tom we be give you a hour ... one hour ... Richard breathes , relieved . 122 ext . STREET , tokyo -- day chieko walk down the street with mitsu . they be good - look and attract attention . they know this and look back out of the corner of they eye . 123 ext . park , tokyo -- day they arrive at a park with a playground : swing , see-saw , slide . several of they deaf - mute volleyball friend be there . with they be two young man with hair dyed blond . one of they , takeshi ( 18 ) , have a earring , and the other , haruki ( 19 ) , have several tattoo . mitsu and chieko greet they in sign language . chieko ask the slightly chubby kumiko who they be . kumiko they be my cousin . chieko turn to look at they , curious . haruki , the guy with tattoo , exchange a look with she . chieko suddenly feel intimidate and look down . chieko be he deaf - mute like we ? kumiko no , but he understand some . haruki seem to understand what they be say and lean in to whisper something to takeshi , he brother . they both laugh . haruki approach chieko and talk to she face to face so she can read he lip . 72 . haruki what 's you name ? chieko and she friend smile . chieko take out she notebook and pen and write she name . haruki read it out loud . haruki ( cont 'd ) chieko ? chieko nod . haruki ( cont 'd ) my name 's haruki . chieko nod , try to show she 's understand . haruki take out a flask and hold it out to she . chieko open it and smell it . haruki stand in front of she . haruki ( cont 'd ) it 's whisky . chieko smile and give a long swig . mitsu ask for some and also give it a long drink . haruki ( cont 'd ) do the cop come around here ? mitsu ( gutturally ) sometimes . haruki take out some ecstasy and give it to they . mitsu and chieko look at each other and down the pill with a gulp of whisky . 124 ext . park , tokyo -- later half -drunk and rush from the pill , chieko , she friend , and haruki and takeshi , play on the swing and see-saw . they laugh at almost anything . haruki and chieko be on the see-saw and every time chieko rise , haruki look at she bush . chieko know this sometimes open she leg even more so he can look to he heart 's content . hormone float in the air . mitsu also take advantage of the occasion . she flirt with haruki whenever she can . haruki look happy to be the object of they attention . takeshi , who have start to make out with one of chieko 's friend , turn to the group and speak slowly . takeshi why - do not - we - go - to- Montana ? 73. 125 int . taxi , tokyo -- evening night begin to fall . haruki sit between mitsu and chieko . he stroke chieko 's knee with he hand ; she seem turn on . 126 ext . nightclub strip , tokyo -- night the taxi park outside the Montana . chieko , mitsu and haruki get out of the car and meet with the other at the door . 127 int . hallway , nightclub -- night they enter . the music , the light , the crowd , it be almost hallucinatory . for chieko , it be a silent concert of movement and chaos . she and she friend push they way through the place . haruki grab chieko by the hand , pull she toward the floor and start dance . chieko look at the other dancer ' rhythm and follow . she slowly manage to follow . the other deaf - mute also dance . some do better than other , lose in the sea of light and people . for chieko , the dance turn into something hypnotic . she dance with she eye close , concentrate on she own rhythm . when she open she eye , she see that mitsu , a little drunk , be grind against haruki , feel he up . chieko seem annoyed by this and go to defend she territory . she start dance next to haruki , but she be constantly interrupt by the surround crowd . the struggle between chieko and mitsu be a little bit ridiculous . it be finally resolve when mitsu take haruki by the face and start to kiss he . chieko do not know what to do . mitsu and haruki start to make out intensely . suddenly chieko be leave stand in the middle of the club , motionless , while she friend dance awkwardly and mitsu and haruki be have the time of they life . chieko , defeat by she friend , decide to leave . mitsu spot she out of the corner of she eye and wave goodbye . chieko smile back and walk away from she friend as they dance . 128 int . lobby , tokyo apartment build -- night chieko enter she building and go straight to the doorman . doorman good evening , how may I help you ? chieko take out a piece of paper and a pen from she purse and write a note . she give it to the doorman together with kenji 's card . he read it carefully , and when he 's do he turn to she . 74 . doorman ( cont 'd ) very well miss , I will call he now . the doorman pick up a cordless phone and dial . doorman ( cont 'd ) Lieutenant kenji mamiya , please ? there be a pause . the doorman gesture to chieko that the lieutenant will answer in a moment . doorman ( cont 'd ) Lieutenant ? yes , look , I be with the deaf - mute girl you see in the afternoon , and she ask I to call you ... yes , she ... she say she need to talk to you , alone ... about she father ... if it 's possible , in she apartment , tonight . chieko watch attentively . 129 ext . yussef and ahmed' house -- day yussef and Ahmed be sit against the wall of the house . yussef 's lip be split . Ahmed 's nose be bleed . Abdullah pace desperately , while he wife and daughter watch the scene , silent . Abdullah stop to look at yussef . abdullah why do you do this ? they do not answer . Abdullah lean over and slap Ahmed . abdullah ( cont 'd ) answer I , god damn it ! Ahmed will not answer and he turn to yussef again . yussef we be testing the rifle . Abdullah turn and give yussef a powerful slap , which he endure with silent dignity . abdullah be you idiot ? you kill a woman , ( he turn to Zora ) and you , you get naked so you brother would see you ? ahmed yes , she get naked lot of time . I see how yussef spy on she . 75 . zora that 's not true . Abdullah turn to yussef . abdullah be it true or not ? yussef be silent . Abdullah walk two step forward and slap Zora . he look furious , scared , indignant . abdullah ( cont 'd ) why do you do this to we ? he can barely hold in he tear . Zora bring she hand to she face tearily . Abdullah turn to Ahmed . abdullah ( cont 'd ) where 's the rifle ? 130 ext . hassan's house -- day a cop interrogates Hassan . his face be badly bruise and he hand be cuffed behind he back . cop what organization give you the weapon ? hassan I have tell you it be not a organization ; I get it from a hunter . cop what hunter ? hassan a japanese hunter give it to I many year ago . I have get a picture inside . she can get it . he turn to look at he wife . she have also be beat and be guard by two cop . the interrogate cop authorize she . she walk in and come out with a photograph of Hassan with yasujiro , pose with the scimitar-horned oryx . he hand it over and the cop examine it . hassan ( cont 'd ) he 's hold the rifle he give I . 131 ext . desert -- day yussef and Ahmed dig up the rifle and the bullet in front of they parent and sister . Abdullah grab the rifle , dust it off and put the bullet in he bag . he turn to yasira . 76 . abdullah we be go to hide out at naguib 's house . if the cop come , tell they we go south . with the rifle in hand , Abdullah run off , follow by yussef and Ahmed . the woman watch they get lose on the horizon . 132 ext . hassan's house -- day alarid 's truck park in front of Hassan 's house again . Hassan be still cuffed and be interrogate . furious , alarid get out of the truck and go toward he . alarid this Abdullah do not live where you say he do . he walk over to kick he . the wife intervene from where she be , some ten yard away . wife they live where he say they do . alarid turn to she . alarid you be go to take we . with a gesture , he order he subordinate to put she in the truck . she obey , docile . alarid ( cont 'd ) and if they be not there , I will cut you tongue out and I will kill you husband . 133 ext . desert -- day the moroccan police truck drive down the dusty road . the landscape be harsh and barren . 134 int . police truck -- day Hassan 's wife give direction . wife make a right here . alarid , with he hand , signal the driver to follow she direction . suddenly , in the distance , over the hill , she signal three tiny dot run up a slope . wife ( cont 'd ) that 's they . 77 . alarid ( to the driver ) stop ... the truck stop and alarid take out he binocular . 135 p.o.v. alarid binoculars -- continuous in the distance , we can still see Abdullah , yussef and Ahmed run across the hill . Abdullah be clearly carry the rifle . 136 ext . desert -- day alarid quickly get out . alarid there they be . all the cop get out with they high power rifle . 137 ext . desert hill -- day Abdullah and he son run full speed . yussef see the truck in the distance . yussef the police , the police ... they run up a hill to try to lose they , but shot start to ring out . yussef ( cont 'd ) they be shoot at we . Abdullah stand before he son and lift up the rifle as a sign of surrender . the shot cease for a few second , but they suddenly start again . abdullah get down . run. the three shepherd run , huddle as low as they can . more shot . they desperately climb between the rock . bullet whiz past everywhere . Abdullah make one last attempt at surrender . he lift up the rifle again , set it on the ground and back away . but the gesture be in vain , as the bullet still rush past . they begin to run again when Ahmed be hit in one of he calve . he collapse and roll downhill . Abdullah hurry to rescue he and drag he behind a rock . Ahmed will not stop scream from the pain . ahmed they shot I , they shot I ... 78 . yussef dive on he belly and snake he way through the rock . he get the rifle , load it and aim at the truck . he shoot without hit anything . Abdullah turn to he . abdullah do not shoot , do not shoot ! yussef do not pay attention . he load again and aim . 138 p.o.v. rifle sight -- day yussef aim carefully . he pick out one of the cop who have be shoot barely protect by one of the truck ' fender . yussef shoot and the policeman collapse . 139 ext . hamlet " los lobos " -- later the religious ceremony have end and everyone throw rice at the bride and groom . Debbie and Mike enjoy do it . several cowboy , among they santiago , have go to they truck and be loudly honk they horn . Music begin to blare . 140 ext . hamlet " los lobos " -- day the band play various norteño song . everyone wait for the music to start . after a while a couple start to timidly dance . then another , and another , until the dance floor become a sway of head move to the same rhythm . Amelia dance with Mike and Debbie with santiago ; both Amelia and santiago show they a few step . santiago ( to Debbie , in Spanish ) like this , look ... he kick he heel back , then forward . Debbie watch , entertained . jacinto ( 55 ) , overweight and with a good - nature face , move closer to Amelia and watch she dance for a while , she notice and stop , embarrassed . jacinto ( both in Spanish ) Amelia , will you let I dance with you ? Amelia remain unperturb , without answer he . jacinto ( cont 'd ) I have be ask you for a dance for 30 year . do it really cost you that much ? 79 . Amelia stare at he . amelia I do not think you wife would have like that . jacinto c'mon Amelia , she 's be dead for 10 year . Amelia look around and then turn to he . amelia okay , just one . jacinto chivalrously take she by the waist and they begin to dance . santiago watch they , amused , and continue to dance with Mike and Debbie . jacinto draw Amelia closer and they kiss gently . 141 ext . hamlet " los lobos " -- night beer start to flow and some of the guest get overbearing . there be a small scuffle at the edge of the dance floor , but order be soon restore . the guitarist in the band stop the music . guitar player ( all in Spanish ) now , Luis and Patricia , come forward . everyone make way for the bride and groom . guitar player ( cont 'd ) we-want-cake , we-want-cake ... the audience and the band sing the little cake song . a giant , tacky wedding cake , cover in cream , arrive . the bride grab the knife and get ready to cut it . guitar player ( cont 'd ) take - a - bite , take - a- bite ... the bride give into the ritual . she try to take a bite out of the cake without use she hand and someone push she face into the cream . Debbie and Mike laugh . a cowboy pull out a gun and , festively , fire . Debbie be frighten and go to hide behind Amelia . amelia do not worry , it 's ok . the man put the gun away and walk back onto the dance floor as if nothing have happen . 80 . Luis ask the band to stop the music for a little bit and he take the microphone . luis good evening everyone ... hey ... I want to say something . Love come today , it come here all pretty ... ( he tap he heart ) it 's kind of like a little mouse be crawl inside of I . because that 's what love be , it 's like you inside get all twisted into knot ... and that , baby , be what you have teach I . and because you have show I , I want to tell everyone that hopefully love will get inside they too ... because it feel so good , really ... thanks a lot and keep havin ' a good time ... everybody applaud and Luis step down from the dais , proud of he speech . he go to Amelia and give she a very long and loving hug . 142 ext . hamlet " los lobos " -- night night have fall . the music play full blast . everyone dance , people start to make out , the drunk collapse . Patricia breathes regularly with she hand on she belly . Luis drink beer beside she while he watch the guest dance . Debbie fall asleep on Amelia 's lap while Mike watch the party , overwhelm . mike when be my parent get back ? the question catch Amelia off guard . amelia pronto ... muy pronto ... mike they tell I they be come back today . amelia se quedaron mos rato . the answer seem to make Mike anxious . mike my dad 's come back with my mom . amelia yes . yes he be . 81 . mike I do not want he to leave again . amelia he will not . he start cry . mike I miss Pat . Amelia embrace he and kiss he head . amelia yo también hijito , yo también . the boy , tired and sleepy , lean he head on Amelia . 143 ext . hamlet " los lobos " -- night santiago , a little bit drunk , and Amelia , carry Debbie who have pass out , say goodbye to Luis and Patricia . sleepy , Mike lean on the hood of the car . luis ( all in Spanish ) stay the night . amelia I can not . I have to take this kid home and it 's almost dawn . luis but santiago 's pretty drunk . santiago drunk my ass . I be fine . I will go and come back in a hour . patricia stay for another while , the party 's just get start . amelia I wish , but this kid have to go to school . santiago open the door for Amelia , who carefully set Debbie on the back seat . Mike get in and as soon as he do he nestle in to go to sleep . amelia ( cont 'd ) see you soon , son . Luis and Amelia hug each other . then Amelia hug she daughter - in - law . 82. amelia ( cont 'd ) congratulation , dear . ( she point at she belly ) take care of my grandson ' cause I be die to be a grandmother . she give she a kiss and get in the car . Luis turn to santiago . luis you sure you be not too drunk ? santiago drunk my ass . I be fine . I will be back soon . santiago stumble to the driver 's side and open the door . 144 ext . desert highway -- night the night spread over the highway that cut across the desert . santiago 's car drive along , illuminate the cacti . 145 int . santiago's car -- night santiago drive the car , nodd off every now and then . in the back , Debbie and Mike have surrender to sleep . santiago jerk the wheel . amelia ( in Spanish ) hey ... be careful ... santiago correct the vehicle trajectory and go back to he careless drive . 146 ext . border crossing -- night santiago decide to cross through Mesa de otay . since it 's nighttime , there be very few car . they drive across the bridge and stop before the immigration officer . 147 ext . immigration stall , border crossing -- continuous the officer walk up to the window . officer you papers ... santiago and Amelia take out they passport and they Green card . the officer compare the document to they face again and again . officer ( cont 'd ) where you comin ' from ? 83. santiago ( in bad English ) from a wedding . the officer look through the window and see Debbie and Mike sleep in the back . officer who be they ? santiago rush to answer . santiago they be she nephew . Amelia freeze at santiago 's answer . the officer will not stop look at the child . officer they do not look like you . amelia ( bewilder ) I be in charge of they . officer do you have they passport ? Amelia take out they american passport and show they to the cop . he look they over very carefully . santiago start to get nervous . santiago be there a problem ? the officer turn to look at they suspiciously . he obviously smell the alcohol . officer should there be one ? santiago shake he head . Debbie wake up and look at the officer sleepily . debbie hi . officer hey there , sweetie . Debbie rub she eye . officer ( cont 'd ) tell I , be this lady you aunty ? Debbie innocently shake she head . 84 . debbie no , she 's not my aunty . the officer stare at they harshly . he say something incomprehensible over he radio and ask santiago . officer be you drunk ? santiago I , sir ? no. officer get out of the car . santiago why , officer ? officer I be countin ' to three ... he bring he hand to he gun . 148 int . santiago's car -- night nervous , santiago glance ahead and look at the border crossing through he rear-view mirror . he put the car in reverse and accelerate , try to escape back to Mexico , but he crash into a arrive car . amelia ( in Spanish ) what be you do ? 149 ext . immigration desk , border crossing -- night the immigration officer take out they gun and run to stop he . santiago see that the road ahead be clear and he drive away full speed , barely swerving around some custom officer who be search another vehicle . the officer shout urgently . officer they have kidnap some kid ... he start a police chase . 150 ext . desert highway -- night santiago 's car drive full speed down the highway . he sometimes look as if he be go to lose control . 151 int . santiago's car -- night santiago drive madly . frightened , Amelia hold onto the dashboard . Debbie and Mike start to cry . 85 . santiago ( in Spanish ) see , I tell you you should not have bring they . I tell you . I tell you .. a trailer drive slowly . santiago decide to drive around it blindly , and almost drive off the other side of the road . amelia ( in Spanish ) santiago , stop act crazy and stop the car ... santiago , stop ... santiago ignore she , concentrate on he drive . he look through the rear-view mirror . there be nobody behind he , only the dark highway . santiago step on the gas . Amelia try to comfort the kid . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( in English ) everything 's all right sweety ... the child will not stop cry , terrify by the speed . through one of he mirror , santiago see two patrol car follow he with they turret flash . santiago ( in Spanish ) Fucking asshole gringo mother - fucker , here they come ... santiago accelerate . the car seem to be out of control . the child scream . Amelia try to stop santiago . amelia ( in Spanish ) stop ... stop ... santiago reach a path and head toward it . 152 ext . desert path -- night the car drive quickly down the path , raise up a cloud of dust . the patrol car be no longer visible . the car drive on for a mile and then stop . 153 int . santiago's car -- night santiago turn to Amelia . santiago ( they entire dialogue in Spanish ) get out ... 86 . Amelia look at the dark desert surround they . amelia be you crazy ? where ? santiago get out . I will lose this bastard and then I will come back for you . amelia santiago , calm down ... santiago aunt Amelia , they be go to get we , get out god damn it ... 154 ext . santiago's car -- night Amelia get out and open the door for the kid . amelia ( in English ) come with I , dear . the kid get out and Amelia hold they hand . santiago close the door and drive off in a cloud of dust . they start to walk through the darkness . Amelia lead the way , avoid cacti and thorny branch . the go on like this for a long stretch . the child be quiet and scared . Amelia go toward the highway and realize the patrol car have turn into the path . she run into the desert with the kid . she can barely see with the light of the early dawn . the three frequently trip on thorny plant . debbie I want to go home now . mike I too . both of they , scared , start to cry . amelia ( in English ) do not cry . we be go home now . she look back worried at where the patrol car be ; they be approach quickly . then she turn to where santiago run . the headlight be soon lose on the horizon . Amelia hold they by the hand and pull they as she run . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( in Spanish ) let 's go . 87 . she lead they further and further away from the path , snake through the brush . the patrol car come even closer . Amelia duck and hide behind one of the bush . amelia ( cont 'd ) get down . the child hide with she . the patrol car tear past she , some five hundred yard away , chase after santiago . we suddenly hear siren . then , the sound of door slamm and unintelligible voice over a loudspeaker . police officer ( o.s. ) do not get out of the car ... do not get out ...wait...stop...stop ... do not run ... after a few second , we hear distant gunshot , three , four . Amelia listen , freeze . 155 int . room , anwar' house -- afternoon dusk . Susan sleep and Richard look at the vast desert through the window . Anwar , sit on a chair , with a fan clear away the fly hover around Susan . we can hear the call to prayer and Anwar prostrate himself toward Mecca . Richard observe Anwar 's prayer and then look at Susan who moan in she sleep . 156 int . anwar' house -- afternoon Richard and Anwar be sit in silence while Susan lie unconsciously on the floor . yamilé ( 9 ) , a beautiful girl with large brown eye , enter carry a tray with cookie and tea . she greet Richard with a nod and offer he tea . Richard take the tea . richard thank you . the girl get up to offer tea to Anwar , who take it . anwar ( in Arabic ) thank you , yamilé . yamilé smile and leave the room . richard be that you daughter ? 88. anwar the fourth of eight . richard eight ? Anwar affirm , smile . anwar do you have kid ? Richard take out he wallet and pull out a photo of he , Susan , Mike and Debbie . he show it to he . Anwar take it and look at it . anwar ( cont 'd ) just two ? richard Three ... ( he remain pensive ) yes , just two . anwar you should have more . Anwar return the photo . Richard look at it for a moment before put it back into he wallet . richard what about you ? how many wife do you have ? anwar ( smiling ) I can only afford one . richard and be this where you live ? anwar no , this be where my family life . I live in marrakesh . but I come whenever I can ... they exchange a look . we hear a car engine . 157 ext . STREET , hamlet -- afternoon a old , run -down peugeot drive by a policeman pull up in front of the house . the policeman get out . the tourist , lean on the wall , get up to see what 's happen . Mohammed come out to talk to he . 89 . mohammed ( in Arabic ) what happen ? policeman ( in Arabic ) I need to talk to the american . Tom interrogates Mohammed . tom what do he say ? mohammed no English ... 158 ext . patio , anwar' house -- afternoon the policeman , Anwar and Richard be chat in the patio . richard ( to Anwar ) when do he find out ? anwar ( in Arabic ) when do you know ? policeman ( in Arabic ) a while ago ... they say the ambulance be not come anymore . anwar a while ago ... he say the ambulance break down . richard what ? tell he to call another one . he have to get another one . anwar ( in Arabic , to the policeman ) he want you to call another ambulance . policeman ( in Arabic ) you know there be not another one . anwar ( to Richard ) there be not another ambulance . 90 . richard what the hell do you mean there be not another ambulance ? you have get to get she out of here ... he face the police officer . richard ( cont 'd ) she can not stay here or she will die . call another fuck ambulance ... the policeman cannot understand and remain expressionless . richard ( cont 'd ) come on , move ... call another ambulance ... anwar ( in Arabic ) he ask how we be go to get the woman out of here . policeman ( in Arabic ) tell he that they tell I that he embassy be go to deal with it . anwar he say you embassy will deal with the matter . Richard now shout at Anwar . richard how the fuck be they go to deal with it ? it 's you shitty fuck country 's responsibility . policeman ( in Arabic ) the Americans want to send one of they helicopter but I think there be some problem . Anwar mull over he answer . he seem to want to lie again . anwar they be go to try to send a helicopter . richard ( incredulous ) a helicopter ?... let 's get out of here ... he start walk . Anwar catch up to he . 91 . anwar where ? Richard turn to he , desperate . richard I need to make a phone call . they turn towards the exit leave the cop behind , who do not seem to understand . Tom and James take advantage of the situation to go talk to Richard . tom we can not stay here any longer . it 's go to get dark soon . lot of people be not feel well and its dangerous to stay here . Richard explode and push Tom . richard stop fuck with I . tom do not you dare push I . richard oh no ? he push he again , angrily . tom what be you do , you stupid fuck ? richard leave asshole . Tom shove he . tom fuck you . Richard become furious and lose it , hit he over and over again . some of the tourist get involved . James manage to grab he with Anwar . jame hey , take it easy . richard I be feed up with that asshole . James pull he away while other tourist pull Tom away . jame try to calm down . 92 . richard calm down ? my wife be die up there . jame come with we . richard where the fuck do you want I to take she ? jame try to understand , many of they can not go on . tell I , honestly , be there any point in we stay ? Richard threaten he . richard you leave and I will kill you ... James be go to say something , but Richard turn around and walk away as he be about to say something . Anwar follow . 159 int . general store -- evening Richard be in the phone booth with telephone in hand . a woman 's voice answer . rachel ( o.s. ) hello ... richard Rachel ... what 's go on ? nobody 's come ... who have you talk to ... we need help ... she 's die ... rachel ( o.s. ) what d' you mean die ? richard she 's very weak , please , you have get to do something . rachel ( o.s. ) Mark , you business partner , already call someone in the Secretary of State , they be go to help you ... richard you can not just make this stupid fuck call , you have get to do something ... rachel ( o.s. ) Richard calm down , we be do everything we can . 93. richard how the fuck do you expect I to calm down ? Susan be die ... rachel ( o.s. ) I be fly over there tonight . richard there 's no time . I need to get Susan out of here now ! put Mark on the phone ... rachel ( o.s. ) I do not know if I can find he . richard God damn it , connect the fuck call . a few second go by . desperate , Richard look at the town as it go about its daily business , oblivious to he tragedy . MARK ( o.s. ) Richard , it 's Mark . richard Mark , help I ... Susan be die and there be no ambulance , there 's no hospital , there 's nothing . MARK ( o.s. ) Richard , the news be all over the place . they be go to go help you , soon , but there have be some political problem that be be resolve . richard I do not give a shit about political problem ... do something , now , please ... through the window , Richard , astonished , watch the bus drive away , kick up dust as it disappear in the distance . richard ( cont 'd ) Son of a bitch ... he throw the phone away and run after the bus . we hear Mark 's desperate voice over the receiver . MARK ( o.s. ) Richard ... what happen ? Richard , answer I ... 94 . 160 ext . hamlet -- evening Richard run after the bus as it drive away down the side street . richard stop ... stop ... stop you mother - fucker stop ... the bus vanish into the distance . Richard pick up a stone and hurl it impotently . 161 int . chieko' room -- night chieko be in she room , sit on she bed , stare into space . the doorbell light go on . she remain motionless for a few moment . the light go on again . chieko breathes in and go to open the door . 162 int . entrance to chieko' apartment -- night chieko open the door and run into kenji , who greet she as if she be just anybody . kenji hello . she bow . kenji ( cont 'd ) they tell I you want to talk to I . chieko , who have be unable to read he lip , ask he with she hand that he speak slowly and face she . kenji be embarrassed by he tactlessness and try to be more considerate . kenji ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . be there something you want to tell I ? chieko nod and ask he in with she hand . kenji take off he shoe and leave they at the door . chieko lead he to the live room and with a gesture ask if he want anything to drink . kenji ( cont 'd ) do you have tea ? chieko nod and go into the kitchen . kenji glance over the apartment . chieko come back from the kitchen hold a strange gadget which she put on the live room table . a small bulb light . kenji just watch she . chieko gesture for he to sit down . kenji and chieko sit across from each other . 95 . chieko take out she notebook and pen , write something down and hand it over to kenji . kenji read , seem surprised and read again slowly . kenji ( cont 'd ) " my father have nothing to do with my mother 's death , " what 's this ? chieko be disconcert at the question . she take she notebook and start write . kenji read and turn to she . kenji ( cont 'd ) you father be asleep when she jump off the balcony ? she nod . she get up , ask kenji to go with she and walk toward the balcony . 163 ext . balcony , chieko' apartment -- night she open the door to the balcony and point at the void : it 's over twelve floor . kenji look over ; the distance be dizzying . chieko write in she notebook and show he the piece of paper . kenji you see she jump ? she nod and write again . she look perturb . kenji ( cont 'd ) you have already tell the other officer ? she nod again . kenji hold she by she arm . kenji ( cont 'd ) I do not know what you be talk about . chieko remain motionless for a few second . she scrawl in she notebook " then why do you want to talk to my father ? " kenji read and then turn to she . kenji ( cont 'd ) it 's about a hunt rifle in he name . the red bulb on the gadget start to blink . chieko spot it from the balcony and signal to kenji that she have to go to the kitchen . she run off . 164 int . live room , chieko' apartment -- night kenji stand and look at the photograph of yasujiro hunt all over the world : with a kudu in Africa , a black bear in kamchatka , Hassan and the oryx in Morocco . 96 . chieko come back with a cup of steaming tea . kenji do you father still hunt ? she shake she head . she write something and hand it over . kenji ( cont 'd ) there be a incident with a rifle in you father 's name . that 's why we want to talk to he . the news weigh on chieko ; she look away . the sound of Tokyo come in through the live room : its car horn , its voice . suddenly a rush of wind come in . chieko see the balcony door be open and go to close they . she then come back to the live room and sit down , deject . kenji sit down beside she and leave the tea on the table . he do not know what to do and look uncomfortable . she pick up the notebook and write . kenji read . kenji ( cont 'd ) no , you father be not go to jail . we just need to talk to he . there be a long silence . chieko seem immerse in a remote , inaccessible world . kenji turn he face to hers so that she can read he lip . kenji ( cont 'd ) I have to go now . thank you . chieko grab he arm and shake she head , urging he to stay . they exchange a look for a instant and kenji insist . kenji ( cont 'd ) I have to go . he get up to leave . chieko signal for he to wait for a moment and go to she room . kenji stand in the middle of the room , wait . chieko come back completely naked . her skin bristle . she walk toward he , breathe through she mouth . kenji be disconcert when he see the quiet teenager approach . she walk all the way up to kenji and when she be about to take another step , he hold she back with both hand . kenji ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? 97 . she do not pay attention , break free and stand a few inch away from he . she be almost panting . she hold out she hand and caress kenji 's ear . he stand there , immobile , without take he eye off chieko 's . she take he hand and put it on one of she breast . kenji stroke she breast and then pull he hand away . she grab it again and put it back on . kenji ( cont 'd ) no , no , no ... this be wrong . kenji look turn on and confuse : chieko be beautiful , but he know he cannot go on and take he hand away . kenji ( cont 'd ) no , I can not . you be just a girl . she walk up to he face and lick it . he be confuse . kenji ( cont 'd ) enough , please . he grab she by she arm and move she away . she grab the sleeve of he jacket and pull he back . she hug he and suddenly chieko start cry , disconsolate . kenji , bewilder , first do nothing , but upon see chieko 's despair , hold she . she bury she face in he shoulder . her nakedness become increasingly fragile . 165 ext . desert -- day Abdullah , afraid , watch he son shoot . the police have stop fire and run for cover . yussef load the rifle again and aim carefully . he shoot and , in the distance , we can see one of the headlight on a police truck shatter . Abdullah shout at yussef desperately . abdullah yussef , stop shoot ! furious , yussef load the rifle again and start shoot at the cop . Ahmed will not stop scream from the pain . confused , Abdullah do not know if he should console he wounded son or stop the enraged yussef . in the distance , the cop reorganize . we hear the faraway shot of alarid give order . alarid move that truck ... god damn it ... one of the cop get onto a truck and use it as a parapet . yussef aim again , but this time the policeman be well cover . Abdullah drag himself all the way to yussef . 98 . abdullah give I that rifle ... yussef turn to he father . yussef they be go to kill we . abdullah give I that rifle . he try to wrest it away , but yussef resist . the struggle and Abdullah finally pull it away . when yussef try to snatch it back , the police fire a round of shot and the two barely have time to hide . the air be thick with gunshot . yussef and Abdullah , terrify , stick to the stone . the bullet strike very close to they , and they can not even raise they head . Ahmed will not stop complain . Abdullah shout at he . abdullah ( cont 'd ) Ahmed , do not move . the gunshot rain down for over a minute . when they stop , Abdullah turn to look at Ahmed , who be lie motionless on the rock with bullet in he back . abdullah ( cont 'd ) Ahmed ! Ahmed ! oblivious of the police , he get up and run toward he . motionless , Ahmed just moan . with every breath , he shirt grow bloodier . abdullah ( cont 'd ) Ahmed ! Ahmed ! he roll Ahmed over and lay he head on he lap . Abdullah can not stop cry . yussef , ducking , run toward he brother . Abdullah lament nervously . abdullah ( cont 'd ) do not die , do not die . yussef be shocked upon see he dead brother . he stand up and , without caring whether anyone fire at he or not , he raise the rifle up in the air for the police to see that he be not aim , and start to break it against the rock . when he 's finish break it he open he arm and walk toward the police . one of they policeman look at he through a pair of binocular . alarid interrogates he . alarid what 's happen ? 99 . police officer a boy be walk this way . alarid be he armed ? the officer take a careful look . police officer it do not look like it . alarid what be the other do ? the officer watch Abdullah carry he wounded son . police officer a man be hold somebody injure . alarid be the other one still walk this way ? police officer yes . alarid turn to the other officer . alarid aim . the police aim and hold yussef in they sight . he keep walk resolutely toward he aggressor . he be cry softly , keep he arm open . yussef walk until he be 10 meter away from the police and he kneel with he arm open . yussef I kill the american , I be the only one who shot at you ... cautious , the police still aim at he chest . yussef proceed with he confession , babbling it through he nerve , he pain and he attempt to control he sobbing . yussef ( cont 'd ) they do nothing ... nothing ... he turn to he father and he brother and point at they . yussef ( cont 'd ) kill I , but save my brother , he do nothing ... nothing ... alarid move in , aim at he with a rifle . behind he be five other cop , also ready to shoot . 100 . alarid on the ground ... yussef do not obey . yussef save my brother ... alarid on the ground ... yussef turn he face toward alarid look he in the eye . yussef save my brother ... please ... he lie on the floor , cry . alarid put he gun down and look at he : he enemy be a disconsolate child . then he look up at Abdullah who be scream he lamentation . he turn to one of he subordinate . alarid go help they . one of the officer go to help Abdullah and Ahmed . yussef lie on the floor , cry . 166 ext . desert -- night the sun rise . Amelia and the child keep walk . they sweat . mike I can not walk anymore . amelia we have to keep walk . mike why be the air so hot ? Amelia stop and try to distract they . amelia ( the entire dialogue in English ) because coyote and snake and quail have already breathe that air . Mike remain pensive . mike we be breathe the same air animal breathe ? amelia yes . 101 . mike and it do not rot ? amelia no , it do not rot . we all breathe this air . 167 ext . desert -- morning Dawn . the three walk through the desert . Debbie walk mechanically , tired and exhaust . debbie I can not anymore . I be thirsty . mike so be i. Amelia look around she : no sign of civilization . amelia ( in Spanish ) just a little further and we will go look for water . 168 ext . desert -- later Amelia lumber heavily , carry Debbie asleep on she arm . Mike drag he foot a few yard behind . they walk for a long stretch through the thorny brush until they reach a small mound where a leafy mesquite grow . Amelia lay a limp Debbie down on the ground and sit on the mound of earth . amelia ( in Spanish ) we be go to rest here for a while . mike what if there be snake ? amelia no , there be not any . come , lie down . the boy , exhaust and docile , obey and lie on she chest . Amelia lean against the trunk with Debbie on she leg . the child sleep while Amelia , nodd off , try to keep watch . 169 ext . desert -- later it be well into the morning . Amelia and the child sleep deeply . there be a noise and Amelia open she eye . she see a border patrol truck drive around near they . 102 . look through the branch , she spy on the truck and watch another one join it . Mike awake and sit up . mike what happen ? Amelia duck and lay Mike face down . the two truck slowly approach . amelia ( to Mike , in a low voice , in Spanish ) stay still . a truck drive by about eighty yard away and then pass . the other one cut diagonally across its path and then get lose in the desert . Amelia get up and shake off the dust . she look out of place , wear she best clothes tear by the bramble . she make sure the truck be leave . mike why be we hide if we do not do anything wrong ? amelia ( in English ) because they think we do something wrong . mike that 's not true : you be bad . Amelia freeze upon hearing the boy 's word . amelia no , sweetie , I be not bad . I just do something stupid . she pull he toward she and hug he tenderly . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( in Spanish ) I love you very much , sweetie . Amelia turn and try to wake Debbie . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( in English ) Debbie , we have get to go . the girl open she eye , but do not answer . amelia ( cont 'd ) Debbie , sweetheart , wake up . 103 . she close she eye again . Amelia notice she lip be dry and she breath be irregular : she be visibly dehydrated . upon see that she do not react , Amelia look for the truck : they be far away . 170 ext . desert -- later Amelia carry Debbie in she arm under the burn sun , follow a cattle trail . Mike walk behind , pale , sweaty . Amelia look to the horizon : there be no sign of the truck . 171 ext . desert -- day they be still walk . Amelia can barely go on . she stop to rest . she be sweat copiously . Mike also look weak . 172 ext . desert -- later the heat be strong and Amelia be beat . she look for the shade of a cluster of mesquite and lay Debbie down . then she turn to Mike . amelia sweetie , I be go to go look for help . stay here and do not move . mike I be not stay here alone . amelia honey , you have to take care of Debbie . mike I be go with you . Mike look at she with implore eye . Amelia caress he . amelia I will not be long . I promise . 173 ext . desert -- day Amelia desperately look through the desert . she also look dehydrated . she drift . 174 ext . desert -- day Amelia drag she foot as she walk . she can go no further . 175 ext . desert -- day Amelia see a small hillock and climb it with difficulty . she survey the environ from the top . in the distance she see a border patrol truck drive down a path . 104 . with great effort , Amelia run down the hill . amelia ( in Spanish ) stop , stop ... the truck do not stop . Amelia keep run , flail she arm and scream wildly . amelia ( cont 'd ) Sir ... sir ... stop ... the truck stop and back up . Amelia keep go , trip over stone . John ( 29 ) , a thoroughly mexican officer , get out and she run up , panting , to he . amelia ( cont 'd ) please help I . John stare at she suspiciously . amelia ( cont 'd ) I have to go get two kid I leave behind in the desert . John look at she suspiciously . JOHN ( in Spanish , with a terrible accent ) be they illegal immigrant ? amelia no , they be american . JOHN when do you cross ? amelia ( in English ) I do not cross , I live here . please , help I find this kid . John keep stare at she . he point to a mesquite . JOHN stand there and do not move . Amelia obey . John go back to the vehicle , open the door and sit down and grab the radio . JOHN ( cont 'd ) attention base , I have a 4533 ... I have the suspect . 105 . Amelia do not manage to hear what the radio say . she look attentively at what the agent be do . John stop and run back to she . JOHN ( cont 'd ) you be under arrest . turn around and put you hand behind you head . Amelia despair . amelia I leave that kid in the desert , I swear . John push she forcefully against the truck . JOHN turn around , now . she turn around with she hand over she head . John handcuffs she and lead she to the vehicle . 176 int . border patrol vehicle -- day Amelia , cuffed , and John , drive down a path in the desert . JOHN which way be they ? Amelia study the terrain . she point at some mesquite in the distance . amelia ( in Spanish ) over there . 177 ext . desert -- day the truck park and they both get out . JOHN where be they ? Amelia explore the landscape , anguish . amelia they must be around here . another border patrol truck arrive and pull up next to they . eliseo ( 34 ) , look out the window . eliseo what happen ? JOHN this lady say they be here , but there 's nobody . 106 . eliseo ( in Spanish ) ma'am , you be not lie to we , be you ? amelia ( in Spanish ) I swear they be around here somewhere . she see another cluster of mesquite and point toward they . amelia ( cont 'd ) they must be over that way . 178 ext . cluster of mesquite -- day they arrive at the cluster . the two truck park and the three get out . she be still cuffed . a helicopter hover above they . they walk around : nothing . JOHN there 's nobody here . amelia ( to eliseo , in Spanish ) I leave they about a kilometer in from the road . eliseo ( in Spanish ) which road ? she do not know what to say . John grab she by the arm and drag she toward the vehicle . JOHN I do not believe you . Amelia look at he desperately . amelia ( in English ) I swear they be around here . John be not affect . he keep pull she . eliseo ( in English ) John , wait , maybe she 's tell the truth . JOHN maybe she 's not , let 's go . 107 . amelia please sir , believe I . John pay no attention . she turn to eliseo . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( in Spanish ) I swear , they be lose , they be go to die . I have to find they . John keep pull she . he put she in the truck and close the door before eliseo 's passive gaze . amelia ( cont 'd ) ( in English ) please no ... please ... 179 int . room , anwar' house -- afternoon night begin to fall . from the window we can hear the noise of the town : voice , goat bleat , camel moan , music from a radio . Susan wake from she slumber and turn to Richard , who be lean on a wall , tired , sweaty , with he eye close . susan Richard . richard what do you need ? susan Richard ... if I die , take care of the kid . especially Mike , he really need you . richard you be not go to die . you can not die . you just can not . susan do not ever leave they again . richard no , I be not go to leave they and do not you even think about leave I , because I will kill you like nobody 's kill you before . she smile . he caress she . susan I peed my pants . richard what ? 108 . susan I could not hold it in and I peed . Richard touch between she leg and feel the moisture . richard I be go to tell Mike on you , so you never scold he again . they both laugh . she grimace in pain when she do . susan I need to pee again . richard ( to Anwar ) do you have a pot I can borrow ? Anwar look in a corner and hand it over . richard ( cont 'd ) ( to Anwar ) can you leave we alone for a moment ? the grandmother and Anwar exit . richard ( cont 'd ) come , try it like this . he lift up she dress , pull down she underpant and set the basin under she . she put she arm around he to pull herself up , but can not move she right arm . susan I can not . they laugh . he kiss she . we start to hear the stream . susan ( cont 'd ) now I can . while she pee , they kiss painfully . she start to cry . richard forgive I my love . when Pat die I do not know what to do , the pain drive I crazy ... I be scared , that 's why I leave ... forgive I . susan I be scared too ... when I see Pat lie still in he crib ... her voice break up and she can barely go on . 109 . susan ( cont 'd ) it be not my fault , it be not ... I could not do anything for he ... richard no , it be not you fault . I be wrong ... he stroke she head . richard ( cont 'd ) shhh ... it be not you fault my love , it be not anybody 's fault ... Pat just leave ... ( a beat ) forgive I , please . susan forgive I for not forgive you . Richard hug she and start to laugh . richard you miss ; you get my leg . they both laugh , and as they do , the blanket cover Susan 's wound slip off . Richard see she swollen , bruise arm . he touch it . richard ( cont 'd ) do it hurt ? susan so much ... so much ... Richard look worried and leave the room . 180 ext . stair , anwar' house -- day he walk out onto the stair and call Anwar . richard Anwar ... Anwar ... Anwar run into the room . anwar what happen ? richard we have get to get she out of here . where 's the clinic ? anwar in alnif , a hour and a half away from here . 110 . richard can you get we a car we can take she in ? Anwar remain pensive for a moment and then nod . 181 int . anwar' house -- day Richard be squatting next to Susan . richard my love ... I be go to get you out of here . we be go to try to take you to a clinic a hour and a half away from here . do you think you can make it ? she think for a moment and then nod . susan yeah . richard I need you to be strong . really strong . Susan sigh : the effort require seem as if it will be too much , but she nod again . Richard hug and kiss she . 182 ext . anwar' house -- day Richard and the vet carry Susan out on a wheelbarrow . it be very difficult to move she . she be clearly in pain and groan quietly . outside the house be the policeman with he peugeot . Anwar be talk to he . Richard and the vet carry Susan all the way to the car . Richard stand before the policeman he humiliate earlier . richard thank you for lend we the car . Anwar translate . anwar ( in Arabic ) he thanks you for lend we the car . the policeman nod kindly . dozen of girl and boy and a few adult stare at the scene . gingerly , Richard , Anwar and the vet lift she into the car and softly lay she on the back seat . 111 . even so , she scream in pain . susan ahhh ... ahhh ... Richard hold she hand and squeeze it . richard sweetie , you have get to hold on . Richard get into the car , and as they be about to drive off , the shopkeeper run up to they . tendero ( in Arabic ) stop ... stop ... the shopkeeper catch up to they . tendero ( cont 'd ) ( in Arabic ) they be call from the american embassy . 183 int . general store -- afternoon Richard walk into the cubicle . the phone be off the hook and Richard answer . richard hello ... secretary ( o.s. ) just a moment , I be go to put you through to ambassador Ken clifford . Richard await . in the corner of the room , he see a goat 's head cover with fly . ken hello , Richard Jones ? richard yes , speak . ken ( o.s. ) I be very sorry about what happen to you wife , but you can be sure that the culprit will be punish . richard my wife be die . she 's in urgent need of medical attention . ken ( o.s. ) we be work on it ... 112 . Richard interrupt angrily . richard we have be here for five hour . what the fuck be you wait for ? ken ( o.s. ) the moroccan government will not let we use they airspace . they refuse to acknowledge that this be a act of terrorism ... richard I can not wait anymore ... I be take my wife to a clinic in tinerhir right now ... ken ( o.s. ) stay put ... we have settle the matter . a helicopter should arrive soon ... richard we can not wait any longer . ken ( o.s. ) the helicopter be on its way . do not move . richard my wife be in critical condition . how long be the chopper go to take ? ken ( o.s. ) soon ... it will be there soon ... be patient , it will not be long . 184 int . interrogation room , police headquarters -- evening Amelia sit in a room paint white . a american , he hair slicked back , dress in a shirt and tie , sit before she . police officer ( in Spanish ) be you full name Amelia gloria jordán susilla ? amelia ( in Spanish ) yes sir . police officer do you understand English ? amelia ( in English ) yes sir . 113. police officer ( in English ) ma'am , it be a miracle that we find that kid . I do not know how you could leave they alone in the desert . amelia I have to look for help . police officer you reckless behavior endangered they life . Amelia stop argue . she look worried . amelia how be they ? police officer that 's none of you business , mar 'am . the man 's word hurt Amelia , who look away to avoid cry . police officer ( cont 'd ) you have commit serious crime . amelia I just take the kid to my son 's wedding . police officer no mar 'am , you do not just do that . you take they to another country without they parent ' permission and you put they in danger . amelia Sir , I raise this kid since they be bear . I take care of they day and night . I feed they breakfast , lunch and dinner . I play with they . Mike and Debbie be like my own child . police officer ( sternly ) but they be not you kid , mar 'am . amelia what about my nephew , santiago ? police officer I do not have any information on he . Amelia look destitute . 114 . police officer ( cont 'd ) we locate the parent in Morocco . they be very angry , but they have decide not to raise charge . Amelia exhales , relieved . the policeman lean toward she . police officer ( cont 'd ) nevertheless , the government of the United States have deem you be seriously break the law and have decide to immediately and definitively deport you . Amelia lose she breath . amelia I have be live here for fifteen year . my thing be here , I rent a house , I make my life here . police officer you should have think of that beforehand . amelia I want to talk to a lawyer . police officer if you attempt to take this to court , I assure you you will end up in jail . if you want my advice , accept the deportation and never come back . 185 ext . border crossing -- evening a bus park in front of the border . several border patrol agent have form a wall for the illegal immigrant to pass directly through . the illegal immigrant get out and walk toward Mexico . as Amelia cross , she keep look back . 186 ext . border crossing , mexico -- evening the illegal immigrant cross into Mexico , where they disband into small group . Amelia walk alone . before she walk away she turn to one of the other deport mexican . amelia ( in Spanish ) do you have a cigarette ? he acquiesce . he rummages through he pant pocket and pull out a pack of cigarettes . he offer one to Amelia , who take it . he also pull out some match and light one . 115 . amelia ( cont 'd ) thank you . 187 ext . STREET , tijuana -- evening Amelia smoke , drift . after a while she sit on a sidewalk and lean on a post . she look into the street at the people pass by and start cry softly . a dusty and batter pick up truck arrive . Inside be she son and she comadre . her son step down and hug she in silence as she cry . her comadre observe they from a distance . 188 ext . hamlet -- evening the truck be park in front of Anwar 's house . Richard and Susan wait in the back while the boy , Anwar and the vet lean on the hood . suddenly a helicopter with american insignia fly over they and go to land in a empty lot . Anwar look up and watch the helicopter descend . the helicopter kick up a cloud of dust before the stunne gaze of dozen of child . some camel be frighten . some starve dog bark at it . 189 ext . town -- evening they carry Susan to the helicopter in a stretcher . they load she in carefully . Richard follow she through the wind generate by the helicopter . Anwar catch up to they to say goodbye . anwar good luck , mister ... richard thank you for everything . Richard give Anwar a hug which he respond to affectionately . Richard take out he wallet and hold out three hundred - dollar bill , which Anwar reject . anwar no sir , no ... Allah be with you . they look each other in the eye and then Richard get into the chopper . it take off . 190 ext . desert -- evening the helicopter silently fly over the moroccan desert . 116 . 191 ext . parking lot , moroccan hospital -- evening the hospital 's perimeter be guard by dozen of soldier . the security be impressive . a group of doctor and nurse with a stretcher wait in the parking lot . several journalist and camera observe . Ken and he entourage await the helicopter 's landing . the helicopter approach . the cameramen hurry to position themselves for a better shot . a reporter speak to the camera . reporter in this helicopter be Susan Jones , a american mother of two who be seriously injure in a terrorist attack . it appear fundamentalist organization plan the attack ... the helicopter settles softly in the parking lot . it be immediately surround by several moroccan soldier . the doctor on the ground prepare the stretcher . Ken walk hurriedly toward the chopper , guard himself from the wind . Susan be immediately place on the stretcher and quickly take to the emergency room . Richard follow close behind until he be intercept by Ken . ken Mr. Jones , I be Ken clifford , ambassador to the United States . Richard keep run behind the stretcher . Ken stop he . ken ( cont 'd ) a first rate medical team be go to tend to she , but if you want we can take she to a hospital in Italy as soon as she 's stable ... richard thank you ... ken there be lot of reporter wait . be there anything you want to say to the press ? a statement against terrorism ? Richard look at he as if he do not know what he 's talk about . 117 . richard the last thing I be worried about right now be the fuck press . he pull away from Ken and follow Susan toward the e.r. 192 int . hallway , e.r. , moroccan hospital -- night several moroccan doctor be examine Susan . Richard observe worriedly from a window . one of the doctor come out . moroccan doctor ( in good English ) we be go to have to operate immediately . richard be she go to be ok ? moroccan doctor it 's probable . we be go to try to save she arm . she 's be bleed internally , and there 's be some clotting so there 's a high risk of gangrene . richard ( insistently , as if he have not hear the doctor ) but she 's go to be ok ? the moroccan doctor put he hand on Richard 's shoulder and think about he answer . moroccan doctor yes , she 's go to be ok . the doctor leave and Richard go back to look at he wife through the glass . the doctor be still prepping she . Richard walk in . 193 int . emergency room -- night he stand next to Susan , who be unconscious . he look at a doctor and she move to one side . Richard lean over and kiss she . he walk away and the nurse start to wheel she to the o.r. 194 int . hallway , moroccan hospital -- night Richard be talk on the phone from a office . 118. richard Amelia ? amelia ( o.s. ) yes sir . richard how be everything ? amelia ( o.s. ) ok sir , Mrs. Rachel tell I . I be very sorry . how be Mrs. Susan ? richard they be go to operate now ... Amelia ... take good care of the kid , and do not tell they anything ... amelia ( o.s. ) no sir , do not worry . richard put Mike on please . a few second pass and Mike answer . this be the phone call from the beginning . mike ( o.s. ) hi dad . richard hey sweetie , how be you ? mike ( o.s. ) dad , guess what ? today , at school , they bring some baby chicken . richard oh really ? mike ( o.s. ) I hold one in my hand . he be really little and he be all warm . Richard start to cry for the first time . mike ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) dad , be you ok ? Richard try to hold back he sobbing . richard yeah , I be ok . everything 's fine . the boy keep talk while Richard cry . 119 . mike ( o.s. ) and mariana want to take one home , but the teacher do not let she ... 195 int . chieko' apartment -- night chieko , naked , sit in a armchair , again submerge in the remote world of she silence . before she , kenji observe she nakedness , she sadness , she pain beauty . for a while they remain motionless . she seem to return from the long journey to herself and turn to look at he . they eye meet . there be still tear in chieko 's eye . they hold each other 's gaze until chieko get up , get she notebook , scribbles down some word and give they to he . kenji read they and look at she . kenji you do not have to apologize for anything . she sit down beside he . they look at each other again for a few , long second . chieko take he hand , stroke it for a moment , kiss it , suck one of he finger and then put it back in its place . she grab she notebook and start write a long note . it take she almost a minute to do so . kenji , nervous because of she proximity , watch she write feverishly . chieko finish write , fold the note and hand it to kenji . kenji start unfold it , but chieko stop he . she take it away from he , fold it again and put it in he breast pocket . she signal for he to read it later . kenji get up to go . she stand next to he . her nakedness contrast with kenji 's toughness . he bow he head to say goodbye and she move aside for he to pass . kenji walk past she as she watch . kenji reach the door . he open it and turn to look at chieko again , who have be leave in the middle of the hall . he bow he head again and leave . chieko watch he leave and close she eye painfully . 196 int . elevator , chieko' build -- night kenji ride the elevator down , touch , barely able to contain he emotion . the elevator door open and he walk out . 197 int . lobby , tokyo apartment build -- night kenji walk past the doorman . 120 . kenji good night . he keep walk . on the other end of the lobby , at the parking lot entrance , yasujiro walk in . the doorman call kenji as he be about to leave . doorman Officer ... officer ... kenji stop . beside he be yasujiro . doorman ( cont 'd ) this be the man you be look for . kenji approach he while the doorman discretely move away to leave they alone in the lobby . kenji good evening , I be lieutenant mamiya . yasujiro good evening , how can I help you ? kenji Sir , there be a incident and ... yasujiro look at he attentively . kenji , still move by chieko , look distract , confuse . kenji ( cont 'd ) I do not mean to bother you , but ... ( a beat ) do you own a .270 caliber Winchester 70 rifle with the registration number ... kenji look through he pocket , take out a small notebook and look up the miss number . kenji ( cont 'd ) UK -9023 ? yasujiro I do not remember the license , but I do have a rifle like the one you describe . kenji be it true that you give it to a Mr. Hassan Ibrahim , who life in southern Morocco ? yasujiro Hassan Ibrahim ? 121. kenji he say he be you guide in a hunt . yasujiro Hassan ? of course . he be a very good guide and I give he the rifle . Hassan be a very kind man . do anything happen ? kenji there be a attempt murder with that rifle , and the moroccan police want to confirm it 's not off the black market . yasujiro no , I give it to he . ( a beat ) be Hassan ok ? kenji I do not know . yasujiro remain silent for a moment . yasujiro be I legally involved ? kenji not for the moment . you may have to go testify for you friend . yasujiro can I leave now ? kenji good night . they both bow to say goodbye . yasujiro walk toward the elevator . kenji call out to he . kenji ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . kenji approach and yasujiro await , expectant . kenji ( cont 'd ) you daughter tell I about you wife on the balcony . I be very sorry . yasujiro what balcony ? kenji about how you wife kill herself by jump off the balcony . 122. yasujiro my wife never jump off a balcony . she shot herself in the head . my daughter be the first to find she . kenji be leave speechless . yasujiro ( cont 'd ) I have explain it to the police several time . do not bother we with that anymore , please . kenji I be very sorry sir , we will not bother you anymore . good night . he turn around and leave the building . 198 ext . tokyo street -- night kenji walk down the street immerse in he thought . 199 int . bar -- night kenji sit in a half -empty bar . he turn to the bartender . kenji another whisky . the t.v. have be turn on to a japanese newscast . kenji take out chieko 's note , read it and , as soon as he be do , close he eye . he look around . everybody seem to be immerse in a world far from he own . a reporter appear on t.v. reporter Susan Jones , the american woman wounded in a attack in Morocco ten day ago , leave the hospital today , head to the United States ... Susan appear on screen in a wheelchair push by a male nurse and follow by Richard . the bartender lean over to kenji . bartender do you want something to eat ? I could make you a sandwich . kenji no thank you . when he look back at the news , the story have change . kenji drink he whisky parsimoniously . 123. 200 int . elevator , chieko' build -- night yasujiro ride the elevator up , lose in think . 201 ext . balcony , chieko' apartment -- night from the balcony , naked , chieko observe the city stretch before she . yasujiro walk in and encounter he daughter completely naked . there be still trace of chieko 's tear in she eye . yasujiro be affect when he see he daughter like this , but say nothing . he slowly walk toward she . chieko look hurt , but whole . yasujiro stand beside she . they look at each other . chieko hold out she hand and take he . chieko squeeze . she look at the city and then look at she father 's eye . he stroke she hair and they both stand on the balcony , with the massive city sprawling under they .