baby driver written by Edgar wright lst draft revision - August 15th 2014 ii . " you be the music while the music last . " T. S. eliot " I be bear one dark gray morn , with music come in my ear ... " Paul Simon every scene in this film be drive by music . ext . parking lot - early morning 1 a strip mall in the San Fernando Valley . a front wheel of a car pull slowly into view . a curb read ' short stay . 5 minute only . 's int . car - continuous 2 play be press on a ipod classic . a rock track start up . it 's very loud . it 's awesome . ' bellbottom 's by the jon Spencer blue explosion . on high string and a guitar stab we see the driver . Young , baby face . short cropped hair . he wear mostly black . Sports cheap gas station shade . this be baby . we can not see he eye , but he blank expression seem pretty stoic . he listen to the track , stare out the windshield . on a 2nd guitar stab we see a beefy ( 30 ) tough guy in shotgun . this be griff . he too wear shade , black business clothes . on a 3rd stab we see another black clad gentleman . ( 40s ) he 's handsome , but look like he party too hard . this be buddy . on a final stab we see the last shade wear black clad passenger , a young lady ( 20 ) with she hair up . this be darling . there 's a hint of trash beneath she business clothes . the high string crescendo . griff fling he door wide open . int . / ext . car / parking lot - continuous 3 the track kick in . we see the car be a shiny red Honda Civic and note the door chime be in time with the song . choppy string play against guitar riff as griff get out . we see a shotgun partially conceal in he trench coat . buddy and darling get out . we glimpse they be also armed . he pop the trunk . grab two duffel . hand one to darling . we see they all wear sneaker as they walk away from the car in sync with the track . again . it 's awesome . but we stay with - baby : we young driver . hand fix on the wheel . ten to two . watch he colleague disappear inside a ' chase 's bank . the song pause for two bar . when it kick back in , we driver suddenly drop the strong , silent tough guy act and come to glorious , joyous life . nodding he head . sway in he seat . mouthing the vocal . a slave to the rhythm . he do not miss a beat . it 's cool , but - he 's also like a big kid in front of he bedroom mirror . as he drum on the dash , we see shopper pass , other car cruise by . baby be so immerse in the track , he flick on the wiper . they swipe across the dry glass in perfect sync . a mother with a stroller pass . the infant inside notice baby rock out in he car . baby wave . the infant smile . then he instinctively look in he rear view . a black & white police cruiser , siren blaring , race up the street behind . baby turn to watch the police car drive up and past . a pause in the music . the police car do not return . a urgent bass line . baby look to the bank . his goofy chair dance be over . he 's stone face and _all business again . over distort guitar , we driver watch through partially frost window . see he colleague order staff to hit the floor . glimpsis scared face , the brandish of weapon . the song reach a interlude ; a vocal come in and baby lip sync every word as he eye stay fix on the bank . jon spencer ( in song ) '' thank you very much , lady and gentleman . '' a snare hit . a alarm sound . baby steel himself . military snare build like staccato machine gun fire . his colleague explode out of the bank , two bag full . baby revs in time with the snare as he colleague get in . we driver glance at the bank sign . ' chase 's . he pop the car into reverse . stomp the gas , hard . snare drum crescendo . the car scream back through the tight space between park car , make a tight rockford to face forward . baby drop into drive . swerves wide onto - ext . the street of LA - continuous 4 jon spencer '' T be gonna daaaaance . " baby 's car sail into busy traffic , the track blast on the car stereo , building in speed and energy . despite the velocity of the getaway , we driver be calm at the wheel , weaving through traffic like a android . the other gang member lay low in they seat , shrug out of they business attire . they trade look as baby swerve . woop woop . one black & white cruiser scream the opposite way . it zoom past , then make a 180 behind they . baby see the Black & White behind . a light turn red ahead . he floors it through the stop light . other driver break hard around he . Cars crash , rear end in time with kick drum hit . the Black & White fly through the intersection , gain . baby near 70 mph , the track building with crack snare . the lone Black & White still dog behind . siren wail . baby hit 70 mph . then 80 . come up to a intersection . ease off . make a hard right at the last second into - a side street . lose the Black & White . baby tear down the narrow street , dodge dumpster . on the adjacent artery , the Black & White can be see in parallel . baby floor it to the next cross street and swerve a hard leave , directly into the path of the Black & White pursue . baby plow through this intersection , force the Black & White and all other traffic to brake violently hard . the Honda Civic leave the Black & White in the dust and tear down another straight with less traffic . baby hold the gas down . see something before we do - jon spencer ( cont 'd ) '' I be gonna break , I be gonna break ! " baby brake , pull hard on the wheel , accelerate through a 180 skid , roar in back the other direction with - three black & white now on he tail . Red and blue . siren . facing the original cruiser , baby cross the double line , tear past oncoming traffic and disappear up a freeway ramp . no one see that turn come but baby . ext . the 405 freeway - continuous 5 the Black & whites be leave behind as baby revs past the green light and into aggressive morning traffic . 85 ... 90 . highly distort guitar signal the arrival of a police helicopter . it dog above , but have to play find - the-lady with at least three red Honda civics currently southbound . baby weave from lane to lane . as he disappear under a bridge , he cross to the shoulder and barrel along it at a crazy speed . tear down the off ramp . and he 's back onto - ext . the street of LA - continuous 6 Mass honk as baby blow through a intersection . disappear down a alley , weaving this back route like a savant . as siren and chopper 's blade ebb away a little , we see baby ease it down , a rise bass riff signal a sneaking approach . he slow to see if any cruiser cross by ahead . one police cruiser glide by , siren off . baby wait on the bass riff again . then floor it when the coast 's clear . and suddenly - they pull into a cover parking lot underneath a quiet shopping complex and pull up next to a green Toyota corolla . and like that , the gang leap out of the Civic and into the switch car , money and gun cover up . the gang swap place . buddy and griff in the back . baby shotgun , darling drive . let she hair down . pull on a colorful sweater . baby close he eye , pretend to be asleep as darling roar into the white of morning and the blue explosion echoe out . and the first musical number be over . that be something . ext . downtown business district - later 7 over credit : ' harlem shuffle 's by Bob & Earl . we hero , baby , appear from a door in the mirrore exterior of a non-descript business address in bunker Hill . baby have he ipod earphone firmly in , he shade on and he bubble of sound around he . again , he 's clearly a big kid when away from the gang , lose in he music . he stroll down the street listen to ' harlem shuffle 's . the song be as funky as the business district be not . Office worker stride to work , while baby strut along like tony manero . baby walk against the traffic , the world synce around he : a chorus of car honk , cell phone and bark canine . baby use a crosswalk , the bleep and he step all in time . he reach the other side of the street and breeze into - int . starbucks - continuous 8 baby take one ear out , order from a unseen male barista . barista ( 0.s. ) can I get you order sir ? baby ( count out four finger ) one black coffee . one black coffee . one black coffee . and one coffee , black . barista ( 0.s. ) so , four black coffee ? baby uh. yeah . barista ( 0.s. ) size ? baby Middle one . barista ( 0.s. ) four grande black coffee . name ? baby baby . barista ( 0.s. ) you name be '' baby '' ? baby b-a-b-y . baby . 10 baby put he second ear back in as the coffee machine scream into life and Bob ( or Earl ) wail over the middle 8 . baby look around the Starbucks , see other young people of he age , smile and chat , enjoy they carefree life . they action be magically in time with he personal soundtrack . baby look out through the window , see a pretty girl walk past . she too be wear earphone and lose in she own music . for a beautiful moment this girl and the whole damn city be alive and all in step with the music in he head . all except - a beat cop . ironically , the only person not walk on beat . the middle 8 end . the girl disappear . the beat cop linger . baby grab he coffee tray . split . ext . downtown business district - continuous 9 baby pass the beat cop , only do a subtle strut in time . his swagger return as he approach the building from where he come . we see police car reflect in the glass of the building . baby hear they siren and watch as they pass . as the song fade , baby open the door with he elbow , stop it with he foot , all while switch the coffee tray from one hand to the other . he then pirouettes into the open door . he be - the gene Kelly of the coffee run . int . undecorate loft - day 10 ' egyptian reggae 's by Jonathan richman & the modern Lovers . coffee be drunk . Cash split . the gang be in a garment warehouse space with some vintage sewing desk . on a large table in the middle . doc , a older ( 60 ) , silver - haire , very well - dress man , count out the day 's haul . darling , fix herself up ( down ? ) , now look trashier than before . buddy , sit next to she and sip he coffee quietly . baby sit at the back of class , earphone in and shade still on . the goofy kid have disappear , the stoic , poker face baby have return . the beefy guy , griff , glower at he . griff what 's he deal ? doc baby ? full cut . same as everyone . Doc be brusque , seem irritate at answer any question . griff no I mean , be he retarded ? doc retarded mean slow . be he slow ? griff no ... doc then he do not sound retarded to I . Doc smile for a second . then resume count . griff I do not know . there 's something wrong with he not say anything . doc there 's nothing wrong with some quiet . griff I be just say it weird I - doc ( make a zip - it motion ) hey ! I be go to lose count . griff swagger over to baby , who tap he finger on the table to ' egyptian reggae 's on he ipod . griff observe for a while , then hold down he tapping hand . baby slowly take he hand away . now he foot tap in time . griff what you listen to ? no answer . griff take out one of baby 's earphone . griff ( cont 'd ) what be you listen to baby ? no answer . griff look at baby 's ipod . drop it with a scoff . griff ( cont 'd ) you think you be pretty smart act dumb , that it ? buddy leave the kid alone griff . griff I just wanna know what 's go in he head . aside from ' egyptian reggae 's . darling ( half listen ) Love reggae . buddy what do it matter to you ? griff I think he think he 's better than we , buddy . want to keep he white shirt clean while we play dirty . griff snatch off baby 's shade . we see baby 's baby blue for the first time . he look so fresh face , so young . griff ( cont 'd ) it do not work like that . someday you will get blood on you hand and find out it do not wash off in the fuck sink . darling griff . griff hey darling , he want to hang with the older kid , he 's go to hear some grow up word . like ' fuck 's . griff do a boo scare on baby . he do not flinch . doc will you cut it out ! buddy yeah , he do he job , let he be . griff hey , I be not say he 's not great . Boy 's a star , right ? Doc put baby 's cut in a holdall and bring it over to he desk . doc would I vouch for he if he be not ? Doc leave to go to the bathroom . griff shout after . griff hey I be just check he 's gonna be okay out in the world . you know , since he 's the only one in here not pack . smiling , griff take out he revolver , put it on the desk . baby look at the revolver , but do not show any emotion . griff ( cont 'd ) take it . there 's bad people around . buddy speak for yourself . griff do not want it ? say I take you share , walk out ? how you gonna stop I ? I wanna see you stop I . darling and buddy exchange glance as griff playfully swipe baby 's holdall and walk slowly away towards the door . griff ( cont 'd ) C ’mon . do not let I get away . baby look at griff , then the revolver . griff laugh . griff ( cont 'd ) do it baby . I be a real bad guy . baby look up at the ceiling . griff be insulted . griff ( cont 'd ) okay . enough game . 11 10 . griff huff , reluctantly put the money back in the holdall . baby quietly put he shade back on again , retreat . buddy I figure out why you call he baby . still wait for he first word . int . freight elevator - later 11 ' secondo intermezzo pop 's by ennio morricone . baby travel with griff , darling , buddy and Doc in a pack elevator . all five of they clutch holdall . darling be all over buddy . smooch and laugh . ( the 20 year age gap between they be a_ little much . ) darling well be not this quite the squeeze ? buddy I think you be quite the squeeze . griff again eyeball baby who have shade back on , phone in . griff you still mad-dodog I boy ? Doc snap , darling and buddy sigh , tired of this shit . doc Jesus . you be mad dogging he . buddy yeah , where do you get off ? griff kid 's gotta grow up sometime . buddy seriously . where do you get off ? ping . the lift hit pl . griff right here . griff make a move , look to doc. griff ( cont 'd ) okay folk , if you do not hear from I . it 's because I be dead . 12 11 . griff exit the frame and the movie . he 's never see again . the door close and darling laugh at the release of tension . the lift descend . buddy and darling kiss again . darling hey , what 's that song ? ( sing ) '' Love in a elevator '' buddy that would be ' Love in a Elevator 's . darling riiight . ping . the elevator hit p2 . buddy salute doc. buddy Sir , I will call you as soon as the nose bag be empty . buddy punch baby 's arm playfully . buddy ( cont 'd ) and you ? you do great . you ace it . you be one of the good guy . they exit . buddy shout back to baby as the door close . buddy ( cont 'd ) he call you again , do not pick up . and with that , the elevator descend . Doc smile tersely . doc do not listen to he . baby then speak he first word to any of ' the gang 's . baby okay . int . underground parking p3 - continuous 12 ping . baby and Doc exit into a cavernous parking lot . they walk over to Doc 's shiny Black merc . Doc open the trunk . doc now you know I do not like take candy from baby , but ... 13 14 12 . Doc hold out he hand . baby give he he holdall . Doc take out one stack of bill and throw both bag in the trunk . doc ( cont 'd ) do not want to embarrass you in front of the gang . when we be square we will work out a new deal . deal ? baby uh. yeah . Doc give baby the one stack of bill . get into he car . doc do not go crazy with that . I want you back behind the wheel and soon . I x11 call you . Doc pull out . leave baby all alone . ext . apartment block - dusk 13 ' nutrocker 's by B. bumble and the stinger . a piano bang out a funereal intro . we see a dilapidate red brick apartment building complete with a rusty fire escape . it 's a stone 's throw from a park . judge by some of the board up window , literally a stone 's throw . int . bare apartment - dusk 14 the song become a rendition of March of the wooden Soldiers , we see baby flick the stack of cash in time with the piano . without he shade , baby again look less the badass , more the big kid . Young , of indeterminate age . handsome , but cute . as the track vamp , baby put the money away , under a miss floorboard where a amount of dollar bill be stashed . baby replace the board and we get a wider view of he quarter . pretty basic . tiny kitchenette . small bathroom and bedroom . in the center , a dining table and single chair . as ' nutrocker ' blossom into a jazzy version of tchaikovsky , baby mime the keyboard on the table . pound out the tune with he finger . play at play like Jerry Lee Lewis . 13 . there be ipod on the counter , table and floor . there must be close to 70 device from different year , different color , different model , seemingly from different owner . there be not a computer in the room . just the odd charge . batter travel speaker . a cassette deck . audio tape . a vinyl player . lps. CD player , Walkman . dictaphone and many other recorder . a treasure trove of music system and physical media . while there be a tremendous amount of equipment , it 's order in a way that make sense to baby . very precisely laid out . baby be now jiving around the room to ' nutrocker 's . he even pop some pill to the tune . ( sharp eye will notice it 's anticonvulsant medication for tinnitus and epilepsy . ) it 's clear music be a obsession as baby dance like no - one 's watch . as he move to the other side of the room we see - a elderly man ( African american , 80s ) in pajamas and robe , sit in a wheelchair . he 's half - asleep , watch tv . baby see a ktla 5 report on a ' Valley Bank robbe - '' . click . baby switch it off . he wake the elderly man and communicate the follow in sign language . no subtitles . baby you okay ? elderly man I '' hungry . baby you want the same ? elderly man yes please . as drum shuffle and the piano start a descend octave , baby make a slice white bread and peanut butter sandwich . he make sure to spread the butter to the edge and cut it into four smaller slice . every action have a flourish to it . the song end as it begin , with jolly ceremony . baby serve the sandwich on bend knee , as if it be a royal platter . the elderly man beam with he remain tooth . in the corner sit one of that deaf friendly phone where a red light flash when a call be income . it be not flash . 15 16 17 18 14 . int . bare apartment —- evening 15 baby sit alone . the elderly man be asleep in he chair . baby absent mindedly flick through kid 's tv channel . flip to alfala from ' the Little rascal 's sing - alfalfa '' you be so beautiful . " flip to donkey and several baby donkey in ' shrek the 3rd '- donkey they grow up so fast . flip to sully and Mike in ' monster Inc '- mike wazowski you and I be a team . nothing be more important than we friendship . int . bare apartment - later that night 16 baby still sit alone . the elderly man now can not be see . he hold a outmode Sony handheld cassette recorder . he play back the audio for the open chase . we hear a badly record ' bellbottom 's and all the sound of the car . the phone sit in the corner . still nothing . int . bare apartment —- dawn 17 baby . alone . still play the tape . we hear this dialogue . doc ( tape ) be he slow ? griff ( tape ) no . veeeeep . baby rewind this . listen again . int . bare apartment - early morning 18 ' call mo by siriusmo . baby have not sleep . stare at the phone . in time with a track make up of dial tone , he pretend to play it like a theremin . 19 15 . he mime out this chaplin-esque routine where he will the phone to ring with grand choreograph gesture . but no call . bore , baby look into the bedroom . see the elderly man asleep under blanket . sunlight stream in . slowly baby start to fall asleep . but as soon as he eye close - flashback : a high pitched whine on soundtrack - a young 7 year old baby , not wear headphone , sit in the same apartment , same table . the furnishings be different . - Young baby have bruise and visible stitches . he look up to see the elderly man ( about 10 year young ) offer he a peanut butter sandwich and mouth ' you okay ? '. baby close he eye . - see Young baby , unbruise , in the back seat of a car , headphone firmly on . the camera pan around to see - - a cry woman drive . - a man in the passenger seat shouting furiously at she . - the pick up truck they be about to rear end . - the whine reach a peak . baby close he eye . flashback end . baby open he eye . get out of he chair . he look at one white ipod on the table . the original model from 2001 . it be crack and break . Beyond repair . int . bare apartment - early morning 19 ' intro 's by the herbaliser . baby 's back in he bubble . jacket on . phone in . stands by the front door in a hallway with mirror on both side . the herbaliser '' he 's rough , he 's rugge , he 's red blooded , he 's romantic . he 's full of shit . '' baby take he shade on and off , throw look into the mirror , act out tough expression and badass pose . it 's clear baby will not leave until the beat kick in . baby throw open the door and exit ... 20 21 16 . int . / ext . apartment block - continuous 20 to a funky groove , baby strut down the stairwell , pass a rise expose elevator on the way up . he do not acknowledge the neighbor go up as he continue he tough act , saunter down to the front door and on beat - he strut into the street , as if he own it . baby jump into a Blue chevy malibu . as the song end , he roll away . int . empty diner - early morning 21 ' let 's go away for awhile 's by the Beach boy . baby . shade on . phone in . look ahead . listen to music . he sit in a pleasant , but not very busy , old school diner . the decor be 5as retro and auto centric . classic convertible with happy smile couple inside be paint everywhere . baby see the LA Times on the table . he flip it over so he do not have to see the headline feature ' robbery 's . baby look out to see a couple in a car at the light . they seem happy live the life baby do not . they pull away revealing - the pretty girl from earlier . she 's outside the diner , wear grey sweat , and still wear earphone too . she appear to be sing as she — walk into the diner and right into the kitchen . baby peer through the round glass of the kitchen door as the girl get change out of she sweat . still sing . baby take out one ear of he earphone to hear what she 's sing . but he can only hear the diner music and a little snatch of she voice when the kitchen door swing open . for a brief moment , the planet align and baby 's music , the diner muzak and she sing make glorious union . the girl b-a-b-y , baby . baby take off he shade to look more clearly at this angel , but she disappear from view to finish get change . baby stare at the empty space where she just be . then - 17 . female voice what can I get you this fine morning ? baby look up in a daze . it 's she . she 's a waitress . baby uh. the waitress do not worry if you need a minute . I get all the time in the world . she gesture to the empty diner . one man at the counter and a second bored waitress . baby stare at photo on the menu . the waitress ( cont ’d ) y'know that 's the kid 's menu right ? baby uh. yeah . he embarrassedly flip the menu to the other side . the waitress hey do not worry . I get it . it 's early . you need Joe to jump start you head ? baby Joe ? the waitress coffee . baby uh. no thank you . the waitress do you just get off ? baby get off ? the waitress you just start you day or do you just get off ? baby I guess . the waitress smirk at he non-answers . hear baby talk more , we note he speech pattern be half schoolkid and half stoner . 18 . the waitress what do you do ? baby I be a driver . the waitress like a show -fer ? baby a what ? the waitress you drive around important people ? baby I guess I do . the waitress that 's pretty cool . be it exciting ? baby yeah . the waitress anyone I have know ? baby I hope not . the waitress well , be not you mysterious ? baby --. I do not know . the waitress you do not know ? ha ! do you ever hit the road just for fun ? baby not so much anymore . the waitress I neither . sometimes I would like to just take off . put some tune on . not know where I be go . baby yeah ? the waitress yeah . 19 . a long pause . they drift off , lose themselves in the idea . the waitress ( cont ’d ) have you decide on anything yet ? baby yeah ... ( blurt ) you be so beautiful . the waitress oh you just decide that ? well thank you but I be sure you do not mean it . baby I do mean it . ( look at she name tag ) Jonathan ? the waitress oh sorry . this be not my badge . I only just start here as a ... ( gesture at she uniform ) baby Jonathan ? the waitress yeah , as a ' Jonathan 's . she smile . charme at he odd manner . she walk off . the waitress ( cont ’d ) well , if you have any question , holler . baby stare as she walk off , tapping the back of diner stool in time with the music as she go . she sing a snatch of the song she be sing earlier in time with the muzak . the waitress ( cont ’d ) b-a-b-y , baby . baby take in this image of the waitress frame within the couple in convertible illustration that adorn the wall . baby I have a question . the waitress uh huh . 22 23 20 . baby what song be you sing ? int . discount record store - later 22 ' the plot 's by lalo schifrin . baby march into a discount music store , the final rest place of physical media . Zeroes in on the right section . he 's never look so serious . he flip through jewel case . find . baby car-lah tom-ass . we see the CD cover . ' gee whiz : the best of carla Thomas 's . he flip to the back cover . track listing . ' 13 . b-a-b - y '. pay with a crisp new 50 dollar bill . and he 's out . int . bare apartment - dusk 23 ‘b-a-b-y 's by carla Thomas play at full volume . baby stand in the middle of the room . lose in the track . the elderly man sit in the corner again , watch tv . we see a red light flash on the phone . baby do not see it at first . he mouth along with the song - carla thomas '' and I can not stop loving you . '' baby have start a slow , solo dance around the room . the phone light flash in time with the track . carla thomas ( cont 'd ) '' and I will not stop call you . '' the elderly man wave to baby , alert he to the phone . baby press pause on he music and pick up . Doc ( 0.s. ) you do not answer . what 's up ? baby briefly glance at the ceiling , puzzle . baby what 's up ? 24 25 21 . Doc ( 0.s. ) baby , I do not actually need to know . here 's what 's up . int . discount clothing - evening 24 ' supervillain theme 's by madvillain . Doc ( 0.s. ) I need you to drive I to a appointment and I need you to look smart . over the phone conversation , we see baby in a cavernous discount menswear store in santee alley , garment district . it appear that we be in the store after hour and that Doc be very much in charge . he may be the owner as he have several same age lackey help baby try out some smarter clothes . doc ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you get what it take to be a chauffeur ? baby ( 0.s. ) I think so . Doc ( 0.s . ) you know what a chauffeur do ? baby ( 0.s. ) drive around important people . Doc ( 0.s. ) you learn fast kid . I like it . baby admire he new suit . Doc give it the nod too . ext./ int . fancy restaurant / fancy car - night 25 ' marca a La turca 's by La tia leonor y sus sobrino . baby drive Doc 's merc up to a equally smart restaurant . it 's a final sit for dinner , not too busy . baby see a booth full of serious looking guy through the window . he wear he new black suit , shirt , tie , smart sunglass and driver glove . only one earphone be in . Doc sit in the back . baby pull into a spot . a town car be park alongside . 22 . a valet open the door . Doc lean over to baby and whisper - doc I will not be long . in case of fire , there 's something in the glove . Doc get out , leave baby stare at he glove , intrigue . there 's a hide weapon in he glove ? like in ' Iron man 's ? baby then realize Doc mean the glove compartment . he open that to see a pistol inside . he close the glove again . he look over to the restaurant . Three well dressed tough sit in a booth with they back to the wall . they greet Doc with cordial hug . they look like gangster . or ex-cop . as they talk we only see the back of Doc 's head . they conversation cannot be hear but it sync perfectly with the music in baby 's ear : a wonky sixty cover of mozart 's piano sonata in a Major . the four man discuss something important . through baby 's eye they hushed talk be score by the piano music . a 4 bar melody represent one guy talk , the next 4 bar in a higher octave represent a second guy . the meeting continue in time with descend piano scale . a piece of paper be pass to Doc across the table , baby start to mouth along with what he imagine the conversation to be , mimick the facial expression of the three tough . as he fully commit to this silly charade the window of the adjacent car wind down and a poker face chauffeur look across at baby , act like a goof . baby stop . the chaffeur then wind he window back up . then , in perfect sync with a celebratory end to the track Doc walk out of the front door of the restaurant . Doc jump in , slam the door on the close note of the song . doc ( cont 'd ) so I get we a job . you in ? baby be I in ? doc it be a rhetorical question baby . you be in . 26 23 . int . undecorate warehouse - day 26 ' kashmere 's by the kashmere stage Band . baby walk in with Doc . we see what he see . Three new colleague . Three harden criminal . meet eddie , j.d. and bat . doc meet the new cast . all 30 , all formidable male specimen . Eddie be a slab of white muscle with a discolor band - aid on he nose . j.d. be a long haire , dopey face Korean , cover in tattoo . doc ( cont 'd ) this be Eddie no nose . formerly Eddie the nose . bat ( 0.s. ) why , what happen ? eddie come on . do not ask I that . that 's a no-nose 's no-one . page one . doc and that 's j.d . he put the asian in home invasion . and bat there - bat be a intense dude , mix race , wiry with pierce eye and permanent grin . he wear a leather glove on one hand . bat no need for the intro Doc , everyone 's hear of the ' one Glove bandit 's . bat and Co. treat they new member with curiosity and malicious glee ; they jazzy patter overlap like altman . they talk around he , at he , project onto he . j.d . this be he Doc ? this be the mute ? eddie all I hear be talk about this mute . j.d , Eddie and bat be up in baby 's face like wild dog as Doc busy himself write on a freestand chalkboard . bat that right ? be you the mute ? 24 . baby ... no. j.d . this be the kid , the one who listen to music all the time . bat if he 's get phone in all the time how 's he 's concentrate on the job ? doc he do not phone it in . j.d . phone do not phone it in , huh ? bat Driver 's suppose to be the eye and ear . not just the eye . doc he will not disappoint . eddie you do not disappoint in this biz , you just end up dead . doc I would put money on any of you fuck up , before baby put a step wrong . j.d . baby step , right ? eddie why 's he listen to music all the time , he get mental problem or something ? bat hey . I get the mental problem on this crew . position take , you hear ? doc he 's get tinnitus . eddie what 's that ? doc have a accident when he be a kid . something go pop in he ear . ( more ) 27 25 . doc ( cont 'd ) still get a hum in the drum . Plays music round the clock to drow it out . j.d. hum -drum , huh ? baby do not react to they talk about the accident . he 's distract by one of j.d 's tattoo that read ' hat 's . baby ' hat 's ? j.d . uh ? baby you tattoo say ' hat 's . j.d . yeah it use to say ' hate 's , but to appease my parole officer and increase my chance of employment , I get the an remove . bat ( 0.s. ) oh how 's that work out for you ? j.d . who do not like hat ? doc so. let 's talk shop . ( click finger at baby ) baby , you with we ? again , baby do not directly answer . we CUT to - int . undecorate warehouse - later 27 ' unsquare dance 's by Dave brubeck . over a strong bass line , hand clap and snare drum - Doc relate a plan to the four strong team . some of it be illustrate on the chalkboard . we see everyone , except baby , listen as Doc relay detail of mask , timing , route etc . baby sit at the back again . the music in he ear fully drown out any dialogue . but he watch they lip . there be a toy car on the table next to some floorplan . baby absent mindedly play with it as he tap he foot . 28 26 . the song finish . Doc finish . bat 's hand shoot up . bat I get a question . tell I why I should believe phone over there listen to a damn word you just say ? you go through the whole play and he be not listen . doc baby ? baby you be go to hit a armored truck at banco popular in El monte at 10 be sharp . you have the detail of the route because someone at the depot have a nasal problem . the bank itself be right by the 10 so we should be able to hit a ramp within 60 second of get out . we also have a diversion crew , who be go to blow up a bread truck a way away , keep the fuzz busy . dress code be Michael myer Halloween mask , but you can not all buy the mask at the same time , look suspicious . you guy have the switch car all set up , but you want I to go out to the long stay parking structure at a metrolink and get a ride that stay colder for longer . boost a commuter car , a family car . something that will blend into the morning traffic . ( beat ) I think something on the heavy side , case we need to ram the police off the road . a escalade , a yukon , a avalanche . whatever it be , it need to be ready for a 8.30 start . in the ayem . wowed silence . doc that 's my baby . int . NORTH corona metrolink parking structure - early morni2a8g ' bongolia 's by the incredible bongo Band . on a bongo roll , we see a windshield Pov , as we pull into a concrete parking structure and park up in a long stay spot . 29 27 . shade on , ear in ; baby sit in a 1989 white Toyota camry . and wait for something better . drum kick in . tempo shift up . the lot get busy . on every second beat we hear a loud vibraslap and each time baby size up another car . Office worker slamm car door and beep key in perfect sync with he music . we see a silver infinti drop off , a blue Accord , a green acura , a silver smartcar , then bingo . a black avalanche . the middle age , middle management avalanche owner beep it lock . then wander out of the lot , nose in the LA Times . on a drum fill , baby jump out of he ride , follow . ext . NORTH corona metrolink station - continuous 29 a brass riff score baby follow the avalanche owner , copying he stride . he follow he onto the train platform . ape he glance to the digital timetable . he even swipe a discard paper to look like a real commuter . when the avalanche owner reach the edge of the platform . baby stop , pretend , like he mark , to read the LA Times too . the avalanche owner stop to get a coffee from a news stand . baby do too , like a weird echo of harpo marx . a bongo solo signal the arrive train . baby wait , lining up one door away from the avalanche owner . they get on . the avalanche owner move inside the carriage , baby do too and knock right into he . baby I be sorry . baby then swiftly move further down the carriage . the breakdown end with a key change and a whistle blow . just before the train door close , baby slip off again . now a solo sax join as baby strut back to the parking structure , a swing in he step as the train leave behind . the brass sound triumphant as baby travoltas back into the long stay area and right up to he prize . the avalanche . baby walk up . whip out the owner 's keys . beep beep . get in . pull out . 30 28 . ext . / int . banco popular / avalanche - later that morning 30 the avalanche pull into a strip mall lot outside the bright red facade of a banco popular . Parks up . baby be still at the wheel . in the back be Eddie and j.d. dress in black dud . in shotgun and in black be bat . baby spy , with he little eye , a utility uniform marine walk past they car and over to a 1988 Red Toyota pickup . the Marine eyeball the avalanche as he get into he Ford , but baby 's attention turn to another Ford , the e-350 armore truck which pull up level with a side entrance to the bank . bat breathes deep . whisper a mantra , half to himself . bat what 's in there be ours . it belong to we . they get we money . we hard earn paper . they snuck in last night when we be asleep , take we pants off the chair and emptied we wallet . they get what be rightfully ours . so let 's take it back . what be rightfully ours . baby hit play on a ipod plugge into the chevy 's stereo . ' neat neat neat 's by the damned . a menace bass riff score - bat . pull on the mask from the movie ' Halloween 's . in the back Eddie also pull on the ' Halloween 's mask . third up , j.d. pull on a ' Austin power 's latex face mask . halloween 1 ( bat ) what be that ? austin power ( j.d. ) what 's what ? halloween 2 ( eddie ) you mask ! Doc say Michael myer . austin power ( j.d. ) this be Mike myer ! halloween 1 ( bat ) it should be the ' Halloween 's mask ! austin power ( j.d. ) this be a Halloween mask ! 29 . halloween 1 ( bat ) you be gonna stand out . austin power ( j.d. ) from who ? be everyone in this mall wear a Mike myer mask too ? halloween 2 ( eddie ) Michael myer . austin power ( j.d. ) whatever dude . Austin power go to open he door when baby stop they - baby wait . I gotta start the song again . baby rewind , play the intro again . the gang stare like he 's insane . when drum kick at the 5 second mark , baby point . baby ( cont ’d ) okay go . the gang jump out of the avalanche . run over to the truck . surprise the Hopper unload bag from the back door . Halloween 1 be about to cold cock the Hopper when - baby pull forward a few foot , block he view of the violence . he look dead ahead , retreat into he bubble . choose not to watch . he lip sync the first verse - the damned '' be a man , can a mystery man . be a doll , be a baby doll . it can not be fun in any way . there can be find no way at all . '' then on a key change into the chorus , he back up . see two halloween and Austin power , each with a bag run toward . baby can see the Hopper beyond they . face down on the ground . blood on the concrete . baby do not want to see this . then - Halloween 1 & 2 jump in . Austin power lag behind , a klutz . bat Fucking move Austin ! move ! use you power of speed ! Austin ( j.d. ) finally make it to the car . and then baby floor it , spin a perfect circle to face the exit . when - 31 30 . the red pickup reverse into they path . block the exit . baby squeal to a halt as the Marine jump out , pull a rifle and open fire on the avalanche . Holy shit . baby & co . hit the deck . bullet spiderweb the windshield . slam into reverse . scream into a j-turn . bang ! the Marine take out the rear window . Glass rain down . bang ! the driver of the armored truck be out and fire too . vroom ! baby floor it . escape over a landscape island . in he shaking rear view , baby can just see the Marine jump back into the Red pickup , as he roar onto - ext . valley blvd / I - 10 - continuous 31 sweating , baby speed out of there . scream down the shoulder . go 70 ... 80 . the gang in the car have they mask off and slump down , out of sight . bat curse . a out of control guitar solo signal the avalanche join the freeway and swerving wide to occupy the far leave lane . bat diamond lane that shit . we get four . baby hold the gas down , tear up the far leave , swerving only to overtake car observe the speed limit . as the guitar solo go up in register . bat see - — the red ford pickup be behind and gain . baby be box in by rig . allow the pickup to get close . bat ( cont 'd ) go baby go ! right now . there be nowhere to go . the pickup close in , a determine Marine at the wheel . to the gang 's amazement , the pickup attempt the pit maneuver ( Pursuit immobilization technique ) , tapping the back of the avalanche and send the gang into a tailspin . that would be pretty crazy , if not for what happen next . still box in by surround rig , baby spin the wheel and turn the fishtail avalanche around to face front again . 32 31 . nose forward , baby floor it , snake in between the rig in a hairy move , just miss they both . it be some fancy ass drive . though baby look shake . the pickup be leave on the scorching hot 10 , as the avalanche swerve hard right and , like that , be go - ext . off ramp —- continuous 32 the avalanche glide fast down the off ramp . but up ahead - a red light . construction . single lane traffic . the music break down to the solo bass line . baby 's car be third back from the stop light . bat motion for they to get out . bat New ride . baby unplug the ipod and jump out , there be a pause in the music . we hear traffic , siren approach , sound of unease . bat and Eddie stroll with they bag to the first car at the stop . a Blue Accord with a young mother inside , bat tap he pistol on the passenger window . the mother look stunne . young mother I have a child . bat get the fuck out of the car lady . bat roughly pull the mother out and get the fuck in . baby quickly , instinctively open the back door . see - — her young son on the backseat . he recognise himself , then unbuckle and hand the scared kid to he mom at the roadside . bat ( cont 'd ) C ’mon pussy . let 's go go go . j.d. be lag again , have run back to retrieve a gun from the avalanche . bat mutter again at the gang klutz . j.d 's Austin power mask fall off as he race to the Accord . he quickly pick it up off the street and jump in . bat ( cont 'd ) Jesus , Austin ! 33 34 35 32 . baby be now in the driver seat and quickly plug he ipod into this car . we barely miss a bar . the light turn magically green . they pull out and drive to - ext . rosemead shopping CENTER - continuous 33 baby ease this unplan ride into a shopping center parking lot . the gps be go crazy ( all in time with the music ) female gps voice Route recalculation ... baby glide past a oblivious Black & White that be on its way out of the huge mall . when the cruiser be out of sight , baby swerve hard and head for they target , a quiet access street behind a target . they pull up next to a 2005 silver saturn aura park in the shadow of the morning sun . on the final chorus , drum drive up the energy as we gang jump out and slip into they third ride of the day . we be back to something like clockwork . the hi hat blend into white noise as baby slam into drive , peel out and - ext . underground parking p3 - later 34 pull up to a sharp stop back at Doc 's . baby get the gang out of a mess . but he be not as calm as before , he 's sweat . bat man up , baby . ( jump out ) and go get the fuck coffee . we hear the ' harlem shuffle 's intro again . but this time - ext . downtown business district - moment later 35 it 's a cover by ' the foundation 's . and it 's a faster tempo . equally , baby perform he coffee run at speed . but he 's not strutting this time . he 's not enjoy himself . at all . 36 37 38 33. int . undecorate loft - later 36 Doc divide up the take in front of the gang . baby walk back in , hand out black coffee . to Doc , to Eddie , to bat , to ... baby look for the miss team member . Doc catch it . doc where 's j.d .? Eddie sip at he coffee . bat sit back and stretch . bat the International man of mystery ? bat lift up the Austin power mask , puppeteer it with two finger through the eye and he thumb through the mouth . bat ( cont 'd ) beat I . bat grin at baby like a naughty schoolkid . int . underground parking p3 . day 37 ping . baby exit the elevator with doc. both carry holdall . baby walk over to the Silver aura . stare at the trunk . but do not dare open it . we see a smudge of blood on the latch . stay on baby . mesmerized . horrify . Doc take baby 's holdall from he hand . give he a stack of bill in return . doc you be nearly do baby . baby yeah ... doc one more job though . lose this ride . slam . baby shut the door , sit in the car . alone . ext . junk yard - day 38 a slowed down version of carla Thomas 's ‘b-a-b - y 's start . baby watch he former ride ( the aura ) and former colleague ( j.d. ) , about to be destroy in a car wrecker . 39 34 . a hydraulic plate press . the window explode . baby turn , equally crush , as the song drown out the crunching metal . he close he eye . flashback : a high pitched whine on soundtrack in reverse we see the crunching metal of a car slamm into the back of a pick up truck . then see in reverse - - the man shouting . the cry woman drive . the busy road . - we see a Young baby sit in a apartment we have not see . stand over he , the man & woman from the previous flashback . - eye close , Young baby open a hastily wrap gift . he open he eye to see a new ipod . the one we see earlier , unbroken . - Young baby peer through a bedroom door . see the man & woman argue violently . listen to the ipod to drow out the fight . - Young baby hide under he comforter . his mother lean over he . her mascara have run . she take out one of baby 's earphone , say ' hey baby 's . Young baby close he eye . the whine peak . int . half empty diner - day 39 baby open he eye . he sit in he usual spot . san shade . retreat into a happy song ( ' lalo bossa nova 's by quincy Jones ) . a finger click in front of he face . she 's here . his waitress . waitress you be back . baby do not catch this . she take one of he earphone out . waitress ( cont ’d ) you be back . baby be not sure whether he 's dream or not . baby I be ? waitress yeah you be . and you sir be go to be my last customer because I be walk outta that door in precisely 30 second . 35 . baby you be leave ? waitress yes I be . baby can I come with you ? waitress you can . but I do not know how exciting you be gonna find the laundromat . baby be confuse . waitress ( cont ’d ) I gotta run some errand . so can I get you a drink instead ? baby oh , I do not drink . waitress no , I mean water , coffee ? baby I do not drink . another pause . the waitress break into a cute grin . waitress well you might not drink sir , but I be sure get a buzz off you . baby yeah ? waitress yeah . tell you what , you have a think about what you want , and I will stick around and wait for you . baby you will ? waitress yessir . baby glance at the menu , but can not stop watch the waitress , who small - talk with a second bore waitress . second waitress how you two get along ? 36 . the waitress grin . baby lose himself in that sunny smile . waitress oh , good . he 's sweet be not he ? second waitress that kid 's be come here since before I . I think maybe he mom use to work here . waitress huh ... the song fade in baby 's ear . the waitress come back . waitress ( cont ’d ) you know what you want ? baby you name ? this be not as smooth as it sound . waitress you can get that for free . it 's Debbie . debora . baby like the song ? debora the beck one ? yes , except I be no - e - b - of - r-a 's and I think that 's just no - e - b- be - a 's . baby I do not know it . debora it go - — ( sing just beautifully ) ' I meet you at j.c. penny , I think you nametag , say Jenny 's . baby Jenny ? debora yeah , the song be about he want to get with Jenny and she sister too , whose name be debra . so it 's not even really about I , it 's about the sister . my sister 's name be Mary . ( more ) 37 . debora ( cont 'd ) she 's get all the song . ' Mary , Mary where you go to 's , ' proud Mary keep on burn 's , ' Mary , you should not let ‘em make you mad 's . she 's get I beat . again . she 's get endless song . I get one . baby two . debora what 's the other one ? baby debora . debora who by ? baby trex ? debora t- rex ? I know ‘em , but I do not know that one . how do it go ? baby ( half sing ) deboree -dah . deboree -dah . bee-dah . debora I like it so far . baby oh deb-o-rah , always look like a zeb - of - rah . debora a zeb-orah ? baby a zeebra . debora hey , I guess I be wear black and white . so you can call I dee-bra . baby I have it on here . baby take out he ipod and shuffles through in front of she . debora notice that it be pink and cover in glitter . 38 . debora you have that ipod the other day ? baby no. debora you have different color ipod for different day , different mood ? baby I guess . debora this a pink and glittery day for you ? baby uh. yeah . debora laugh again . this kid be a kook . debora what be you name ? baby baby . debora you name be ' baby 's ? ‘b-a-b-y , baby 's ? baby yeah . debora well then you have we all beat . every song be about you ! baby I guess . debora do you Mom call you baby ? baby ... sometimes . debora she use to work here ? baby sometimes . she be a singer too . 39 . debora oh wow . I like to think I can sing . but I be not a pro or anything . what do she do now ? baby nothing ... baby be look flustered . he hold up the ipod again . baby ( cont 'd ) I can find ' debora 's if you want . debora pause , smile sweetly at he . debora how about you play it for I sometime when I do not gotta rush off . deal ? baby deal . debora now you know what you want yet ? baby know what he want . her . 40 ext . / int . half empty diner / avalanche - moment later 40 ' debora 's by T - rex . baby sit in a Red Chrysler lebaron sing along . loudly . out of he window , he see the real debora leave work . she briefly shoot a look baby 's way . he duck . 41 int . baby 's bathroom - evening 4l ... then resurface wet to sing along with ' debora 's . again . baby be in the bath . the song echoe around the tile . it be be play on a batter ipod speaker dock . baby goof around to the track in the bath , in he own mini musical . 42 int . bare apartment - later 42 ' debora 's still play . baby dance around the live room . 40 . the elderly man be in he chair , look more and more like a piece of the furniture . he watch the local news again with subtitles . we see that the marine be be interview when - baby switch the channel to ' Jeopardy 's . then baby resume sing with ' debora 's again , lead into a - ' debora 's on repeat montage : the song score baby 's night . - baby flick through a address book . empty except for ' do. we see ' doc 's and he phone number write in a scrawl . - baby add the name ' debora 's . under , he draw a question mark . - baby play dialogue on he recorder in time with ' debora 's . baby ( on tape ) can I come with you ? debora ( on tape ) yes , you can . veeeeep . he rewind this . Plays it again . - baby use a twin deck cassette recorder to edit dialogue . we see stack of tdk d90s and tdk d30s audio tape . - use the pause , play and record button on the twin deck , he have edit a conversation with debora to say - debora ( on tape ) ( cont ’d ) sometimes I have like to just take off . baby ( on tape ) can I come with you ? debora ( on tape ) yessir . I get all the time in the world . - baby sit back in a chair and listen to this dialogue on a loop . it 's now the dead of night . he be alone when - the phone ring . flash . baby stare . do not pick up . - baby sit on the bathroom floor . he lip sync along to ' debora 's with gusto , as if drive other concern out . - baby peer back into the main room . two thing . one . sunlight flood in . he have clearly not sleep again . 43 44 41 . two . the phone be still flashing . baby do not pick up . - baby sit at he bedroom window , look out at the city . mouthing along with ' debora 's again . - the phone flash again . baby be not present . we see the elderly man rise slowly out of he chair to answer . baby run out of the bedroom . motion ' no '. stop he . he watch the phone flash . ' debora 's echoe around the room . ext . apartment block - day 43 baby come bound out of he block . he get into he Red Chrysler lebaron and peel out . he do not see - a black merc behind he . it follow slowly . int . half empty diner - day 44 ' I can not believe what you say 's by ike & Tina Turner . baby be happy to be back . upbeat music on . his shade be off . have the pink ipod with he . he look out of the window - he imagine himself and the waitress as a young couple in a 50 's convertible at the light . smiling , laugh . then he hear - debora hey baby . she 's here . the dream come true . baby hey debora . I be back . debora I can see . what 's up ? baby you know ... just listen . debora well , what you listen to ? baby Music . debora well , duh . 42. baby smart a little at this . debora stop herself . debora ( cont 'd ) wait , I take that back . I guess not everyone listen to music . could be a podcast or a audiobook . Hell , I get to sleep listen to whale song . never even see a whale but I sleep with one . baby it 's music . baby offer up he ipod . she read the display . debora ike and Tina Turner huh ? baby you like ‘em ? debora half . like Tina . do not like ike . he 's a bad man . do not like bad man . baby you do not ? debora why , do you ? baby no . I do not . baby then see . outside the diner . for real . doc . patiently wait outside he Black merc . debora ( 0.s. ) I do not need bad people in my life . or my ear . i’1l stick with the whale . debora see she have lose baby 's attention . debora ( cont 'd ) be that you dad ? baby no . it be not . baby just stare out the window . debora note he unease . 43 . debora hey , why do not I give you a minute to decide . baby pause he music . we hear that faint unsettling hum . 45 ext . diner parking lot / int . diner - day 45 baby walk up to doc. shade firmly on . the hum continue . doc I call three time . something wrong ? baby no ... doc what 's with you all of a sudden ? you sweet on that waitress or something ? baby no ... doc well , there 's good news and there 's good news . good news be you be pay in full . we be all square . and then the good news be I get another job for ya . so maybe if you wanna get you waitress girlfriend there a rock or some fur , you be gonna get a fat cut . baby she 's not my girlfriend ... doc '' +- so , you in ? baby be I in ? doc one , do not reply to my question with a question . two , I be not in the habit of take no for a answer . so , get in . I be drive . Doc open the passenger door . from inside , debora puzzle at this well dress older man open the door for baby . baby look at debora one last time , take a breath . then jump into the passenger seat . they disappear . 46 44 , int . doc 's merc - later 46 ' here we go’ by mister scruff . Doc drive the merc down a street with palm tree on either side . but this be not sunset boulevard . it 's watt . baby look out of the window . his stomach sink . doc you be not go to ask why ? baby why ? doc why I be drive ? baby why be you drive ? doc what I be allude to baby , be that you do not have to drive forever . you have not do I wrong yet , have you ? baby no . doc no you have not . I do not think you have the fuck up gene . not like you dad . baby say nothing . doc ( cont 'd ) you keep go like you be go , you can leave the wheel behind some day . how do that sound ? baby I do not know sir . doc what do not you know ? baby I know what I be good at . doc and I be not see you break a sweat do it . I be just say , there 's other job in you future . if you want to shift up a gear . 47 45 . baby look out of the window . Doc seem offended , then smile . doc ( cont 'd ) sure . you can think about it first . ext . US post office . watt - day 47 Doc pull into a unremarkable strip mall that house a post office . construction be occur nearby . the noise be disorient . it be hot outside . sticky . Close . doc this place do not get roll as much as you have think . most people get scared off by the area . but we be not most people . ( look at watch ) it will be ripe around this time tomorrow . so what do you say ? you wanna go for third time lucky ? baby look at the immediate area , feel uneasy . turn to doc. baby can I just drive ? have my music ? Doc look at he , then shake he head , smile . doc sure you can . but I want you to do something for I right now . I want you to go in there . make a note of the number and position of camera , the number of register open , number of employee and number of customer . be there a guard ? be he armed ? be there bandit glass ? you be not a face so it will be cool . here 's some currency to get change . take you bud out and shade off . less suspicious . baby do so . doc ( cont 'd ) oh and take he too . Doc motion to the backseat . there be a EIGHT year old kid sit on the backseat . he have he own phone in , and be plugge into he PSP . he throw baby a bored look . 48 46 . int . US post office - day 48 baby enter the post office . a alien environment to he . it 's a impersonal space . like a bank , but without couch and complimentary coffee . a security guard be present . the counter be wide open , a heavy door protect the back room . without music play , we again hear the hum in he ear . it 's a unsettle noise that accentuate baby 's unease . it be also intensify by the whine of computer and camera in the room . baby case . he count the number of camera ( three ) and the number of register ( six ) . there be a few ( eight ) customer do business at the ( four ) register open . he mouth the number . the kid tug on baby 's leg . whisper . the kid no bandit glass . one guard unarm , three camera , six register , two open , eight customer , four employee . baby thanks . they wait in line . the kid continue play on he PSP . baby ( cont 'd ) you okay ? kid I get bored of this . baby yeah . I too . baby reach he teller , a sweet face lady , some jewelry , personal flare , a small crucifix . he hand she some peso . nice lady teller back from vacation ? baby uh. yeah . nice lady teller oh it would be real nice to get away . with all this heat . baby yes , mar ’am . 47 . nice lady teller how old be you boy ? baby four ? the kid eight . baby they grow up so fast . the teller be bemuse . she hand back some dollar . nice lady teller do he have a name ? baby you do do not you ? the kid samm . nice lady teller well samm . I have a mint with you name on it . the teller pass a mint across , smile sweetly . baby thank you . baby have a sudden flicker of concern . politely ask . baby ( cont 'd ) be you here tomorrow ? nice lady teller sure be . workin 's 9 to 5 . just like dolly . baby dolly ? nice lady teller dolly parton . ' 9 to 5 's . baby oh yeah . I like dolly . 48 . nice lady teller who do not ? ' everybody want happiness , nobody want pain , but you can not have a rainbow without a little rain 's . Wise lady . baby she be . 49 int . doc 's merc - moment later 49 baby jump back in shotgun . samm in the back . doc so ? baby no bandit glass . one guard unarm , three camera , six register , four open , eight customer . the kid cough . mouth ' four employee 's . baby ( cont 'd ) and four employee . doc anything else ? baby the teller seem nice . the kid yeah , that lady give I a mint . doc she do ? the kid yeah . she do seem real nice . you probably would not even need to use a gun with she . just say boo and she 'il give you the big bill first . doc chip off the block . Doc smile . baby do too , but only for Doc 's benefit . when baby look out of the window , he expression cloud again . doc ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) so you think about it ? 50 49 . int . freight elevator - afternoon 50 ' threshold 's by Steve Miller Band . clunk . the elevator door close on baby and Doc like a prison cell . baby look trap as he and Doc go up in the world . doc my offer . baby yes ... doc I be think about you future . be you ? baby I be ... doc and I do not offer this position lightly baby . you would not want I to be offended would you ? baby no . Doc eyeball baby . unsure if there 's hesitation or insolence . doc it 's just when I give you something nice , maybe try and help you out of you situation and you go off day dream , I feel like I should go fuck myself . Doc smile broadly . this be somehow much worse . baby take a breath , take he shade off and say the follow . baby you and I be a team . there be nothing more important than we friendship . Doc be surprised and touch . doc well , good . clank . the elevator reach they floor . the door open . doc ( cont 'd ) normally I have introduce you to the rest of you team . but in this case , you already meet . we see baby take a big breath before walk back in . 51 int . undecorate loft - moment later 51 walk through the doorway of Doc 's warehouse , we see what 51 . bat he 's get tinnitus . a hum in he drum that he have to drow out by play music all the time . darling you know who else do that exact same thing ? barbra streisand . bat take offense at this . stare at darling . bat do I look like a fuck guy who know a _ fuck thing about barbra fuck streisand ? buddy that 's my lady . watch you mouth . bat just laugh . darling take a cue to powder she nose . baby sit on the opposite side of the room to bat . buddy walk over . buddy ( cont 'd ) that true ? you listen to music to drow out a noise in you head ? baby uh. yeah . and when I do not want to think about stuff . buddy it 's a escape . I get it . baby it get I move , you know . Music make everything better . bat ( 0.s. ) oh , I be play the violin right now . buddy knock it off . ( sit , continue quietly ) I use to do the same thing . use to fool around with car when I be a kid . drive all night , hop up , listen to the radio . I use to have a special tape . use to have my track . my one killer track that would get I fly . you get one of that ? baby sure. 52 . buddy what 's yours ? baby speak phonetically . like he 's never say the title aloud . baby ' bry-ton rokk 's . buddy I know ' Brighton rock 's . Queen right ? my big brother use to play ' sheer heart attack 's right through the wall . you get it on there ? baby not this one . baby swap out the ipod he have plugge in , for another one in he jacket . his deep pocket have lot of device it seem . baby ( cont 'd ) this one . buddy play it . baby find it . Plays the intro to ' Brighton rock 's by Queen . buddy take one earphone . it 's a weirdly intimate image of two man share one pair of earphone . we hear a fairground organ . then a chugge electric guitar . buddy nod , grin , relive he teenage rock year . bat look over at they both , incredulous . bat what be you faggot listen to ? buddy baby Queen . Queen . bat ( cont 'd ) first streisand , now Queen ? be you three go to be belting out show tune on the way to the job ? you do not need that shit . you do not need a score for a score . just drive a fuck car . buddy come on . you have be a wheel man . you never have a lucky song ? bat a cigarette song ? yes . apré heist with a glass of scotch ? absolutely . but not on the way to a job . do not need any extra noise . I get enough demon make music up here . buddy I believe that . bat warm to he theme . turn he chair to face they . bat my old buddy want to pull out of a job because of what be play on the radio . we be about to go in , he will not get out of the car . why ? gun & rose 's ' knockin 's on Heaven 's door 's be play on the fm . give he the heeb . he say we all gonna die in there . buddy so you bail on the job ? bat Nah . we do it . and he be half right . he buy it . I do not . Fucking crazy . bat jump up now . seem to be a little coke up . bat ( cont 'd ) and I nil tell you another thing . buddy can not wait . bat my uncle use to be a movie nut . and we use to ride together , pull off liquor store . he be my road dog . and he use to say we should get chase music ready next time we get ina chase . I say like what ? he say get the chase music from bullitt . he be way into Steve mcqueen , not Queen . and so I go into some record store and I pocket I the bullitt soundtrack . and guess what ? we can not find the track . know why ? there be no fuck chase music in bullitt . it 's just the noise of the car . ( more ) 52 54 . bat ( cont 'd ) so I say to my uncle , that 's the only music you need , the sound of a 390 v8 in a third gear four - wheel slide , there 's you music . my uncle do not believe I , he say there 's definitely music in the bullitt chase and I say yeah there be , it 's vroooom vroooooom vroooooom . ( .--) this be all before I stab he . buddy all you storey end with someone die ? bat I guess you will find out buddy . buddy oh , that 's funny . bat grin at buddy . darling re-enter . sense tension . darling what 's funny ? baby what 's bullitt ? Doc click he finger . doc I need eye and ear open , people . buddy you get it , Doc . what 's happen ? doc watt . that 's what 's happen . int . undecorate loft - moment later 52 ' this be soul 's by Paul nero . Doc relate the plan on the chalkboard . again baby drown this out with incongruously jazzy music in he ear . this time baby only half watch . he look up at the light , blot they out with he finger in time with the music . he then play with toy car on the table . but make they crash into one another . the song end as Doc wrap up . 55 . doc you get all that baby ? all eye be on baby to reiterate the plan . but he be not as impressive as before , stutter through the follow . baby uh . the plan be hit this post office . you know a guy who have a ... ( stall ) doc money order machine . baby we get the order slip themselves and it 's literally a license to print money . every money order be a potential 700 dollar , each box of money order have 250 slip in there . that 's 175 k for every box you get ... doc and for the icing on top ? baby tomorrow be the day after people get they welfare , which mean there 's a lot of they cash in there tomorrow afternoon . plan be ... go in there . get the money order . and the cash . I get a use car as the g-ride and the switch car be one of ours . we come back here after and uh ... that 's it . doc you miss stuff . baby go red . like a child embarrassed in front of class . buddy the plan be that darling go in first . then I and bat . I take she hostage , put shotgun to she head . darling we have role - play this a lot . buddy that get the door open . and get we where the money be . and where the money order be . 53 54 56 . doc and the gun ? baby I do not know ... bat I get some contact to get we hardware that 's fresh and clean . keep up rain man , we pick it up tonight . doc and then what be you go to do ? baby stall . Doc be disappointed . become more intense . doc ( cont 'd ) you be go to stay here tonight . there 's a lot of heat around and we need to mix up we routine . so you guy better learn to live together . bat break into a wide toothy grin . bat oh , we in bed together now ! int . ' 96 cadillac deville - night 53 ' nowhere to run 's by martha and the vandella . baby drive . bat in shotgun . buddy and darling in back . she sing along . she have some really good lung . darling '' nowhere to run to baby ! " for once , everyone in the car be enjoy the music . everyone except baby , who look like he want to be somewhere , anywhere else . on the line '' I know you know you be no good for I " , baby look at bat , a dread descend . bat motion to pull over . int. / ext . cadillac deville / gas station - night 54 bat jump out of the passenger door . bat I gotta take a leak . you guy want anything while I be in there ? 57 . everyone shrug a negative response . bat ( cont 'd ) gum ? how about you darling ? gum ? buddy sure , I will take some gum . bat saunter off . baby watch he walk up to the gas station where a male clerk be behind the counter . buddy and darling smooch . baby glance at this in he rear view . buddy ( cont 'd ) hey . not in front of the baby . darling he do not mind . and I never see you complain when I put on a show before . ( another noisy smooch ) how much do you think there 's go to be tomorrow ? buddy if it be just I , enough to live on for the year . but if we be talk the two of we , enough for one weekend . ( to baby ) my fiancé have expensive taste . darling break out of the embrace , hit he playfully . darling hey , blame it all on I why do not cha ? you get a problem too . ( to baby ) this one have a gambling problem too . buddy I do not have a gambling problem . they call it game now . darling Fine , we both have a game problem . see ? that do not sound so bad . buddy hey , it be not a problem if you keep win , right baby ? baby look back into the gas station . he can not see bat or the clerk anymore . it do not feel good at all . he mutter . 55 58. baby yessir . darling oh hey baby . be go ask , what 's a good egyptian reggae song ? baby ...‘ egyptian reggae 's . the door open . a grin bat be back . he dump whole armful of chew gum onto buddy . packet and packet . buddy the fuck ? do you just swipe this ? bat you say you want gum ! what be I go to do , pay for it ? baby look back to the gas station . still can not see the clerk . he peel out fast . int . / ext . cadillac deville / outside train yard - evening 55 ' fog on the Hudson 's by moondog . the gang wait in the dark outside a desert train yard . headlights off . it 's eerie quiet . Inside , everyone chew gum . save for baby who do not look like he want to play anymore . bat flexe he hand . we see he single glove . darling the one glove ? be that a Michael Jackson thing ? bat fuck no . it 's not a Michael Jackson thing . it 's all I . I wanna make a impression . buddy oh , you make a impression . bat they do not know the name bat but you better believe they hear of the one Glove bandit . I come into a bank and the business manager see this glove come off , he know I mean business . 59 . darling you not worried you 'il get recognize ? bat that 's the genius darling . when I think they be onto I , I just - he slip on a second glove too . bat ( cont 'd ) and now I could be anyone . buddy anyone wear glove . in summer . bat you get it . buddy whatever you say , mj. bat fuck you buddy . I do the one glove before he . buddy how old be you ? bat I be thirty seven year young . buddy Jackson do the one glove at least thirty year ago . so what , you be robbing bank at the age of five ? bat shrug as if to say '' maybe I be ... '' . buddy ( cont 'd ) you be crazy bat . bat hey , you parent call you bat , you gonna turn out crazy . buddy come on . bat be not you real name . bat you doubting I be bat ? I can show you my id anytime buddy . buddy 57 61 . that do not sound good . int . abandoned rail yard - moment later 57 ' tequila 's by the button down brass . cowbell play in baby 's ear . a bass part kick in as - we foursome approach the truck and the semi-circle of black suv with tinted window . in the center of this gather , portable work light illuminate crate cover by a tarp . four linen suite gorilla flank the crate ( we will call they farmer ) and a more urbane man ( the butcher ) stand in the middle , quietly make a list to himself . as they walk up . bat discreetly offer baby a pistol . bat take this . look serious . baby look at the pistol be offer . stall on take it . buddy be he go to need it ? bat he need to swagger in like he 's get one . let ‘em know we be not a bunch of pussy . darling exclude of course . darling oh please . bat baby , take the gun . it 's not like I be ask you to hold my cock . darling it be not a million mile away . baby take the pistol , just as they come within shouting range of the man gather around the crate . the tallest of the ' farmer 's , armie , a thick - neck giant look straight at baby , with he earphone in and shade on . armie who 's the geek ? bat this be we baby Boy . 62 . armie what 's with the ear ? that a wire ? bat it 's just he tune . he 's a little looney tune and he need he tune . armie oh yeah ? how we suppose to know it 's not the police or something ? bat be it the police ? baby it 's not the Police . armie yeah ? what be it ? baby look at he ipod display . baby ' tequila 's . bat tequila ! hey , why do the mexican push he wife off a cliff ? ah , I ruin it - buddy to business ? the Butcher start proceedings by throw back the tarp . the crate be stencill with ' lapd 's . on top of they be a huge smorgasbord of gun and ammo . Black gun metal gleam at they . the butcher tonight gentleman , lady , we have only the finest cut of pork . direct from local smokehouse . on darling : ' what ? 's the butcher ( cont 'd ) you be experience butcher yourselves , so as I be sure you be aware the humble pig can be cook from nose to tail . so I can offer you nine cut at the best price in all of christendom . the Butcher motion in turn to berettas , Smith & wesson , glock , kimber , colt , heckler & koch and remington . 63 . the butcher ( cont 'd ) so let 's dive in head first : from the jowl we have the god-sent Roman bacon that be guanciale . actually from the shoulder of the hog come the Boston butt , a tough but tasty cut . then the picnic shoulder be a favorite for that who enjoy the smoking of pig . then center cut loin , double cut pork chop , baby back rib , pork belly and serrano ham on the back leg . every one delicious . the Butcher gesture to a wide array of ammo and grenade . the butcher ( cont 'd ) and of course , we also have a fine selection of sausage . buddy , darling and baby look bemuse . bat clap he hand . bat I be hungry . the butcher fantastique . and how will we be pay this evening gentleman ... lady ? bat do you take bullet ? the butcher how do you mean ? bat like this . a trumpet hit a loud blast of ' F ' , as suddenly - brap . bat draw and shoot the Butcher point blank in the face . he drop . Dead . what the -— the big Farmer guy , catch off guard , reach for they arm . stun , buddy , darling and baby hit the deck . bat then smoke the nearest Farmer . as he body fall , bat roll down next to he corpse . grab he machine pistol . the song hit a breakdown where duelling drummer madly flail away at each other in furious pattern as - brat brat brat . the remain farmer let rip with they machine pistol and shotgun at the air bat just vacate . 64 . the syncopation of music and action be shocking and awesome . over crate and car hood , the fire fight between bat and the three farmer as the duelling drum solo intensify , each burst of gunfire match by a burst of drum . the noise echo around the train yard . a portable light be knock over , create dramatic under lighting . buddy and darling be force to join the violent melee . from the deck , baby have a sideways angle on a six way fight . gunfire build . shell drop . car window smash . the drum on the track get louder and louder as baby watch he colleague spew hot lead . brat brat brat brat . one Farmer aim at baby . baby roll out of the way and run like hell . he be trail by bullet , dive over a crate for safety . the tempo peak , there 's a last burst of drum and gun . and - baby look up . the train yard be quiet again . there be five body on the ground that appear to be alive second ago . he can not comprehend what he have just witness . bat be out of ammo . grab a nearby clip . wink to buddy , who stride over and go to strike bat with he pistol . bat ( cont 'd ) what the fuck ? bat dodge and shove buddy right back . bat ( cont 'd ) hey ! I just get we some hardware ! we have never see buddy this mad . it 's not fun . buddy you shot the gunsmith ! I think this be you contact ? bat yeah . they be my contact . buddy be you fuck crazy ? bat I believe we establish I be . why , do you still wanna see my id ? 65 . buddy you do not think to tell we you plan ? we come in here with no mask , no nothing - darling yeah , what if they recognize we ? bat that what - if be dead darling . they be ghost now . only way they 's 1ll finger we be through a ouija board . buddy well you name be only four letter to spell out . bat pah . bat be not my real name . in ' tequila 's , a huge trill of brass sound as - we see one of the farmer be not dead . he run past baby , toward one of the suv . bat yell at baby , who be close . bat ( cont 'd ) do not let he get away , baby ! baby have he gun in he hand , but do not fire . the farmer jump in the suv . make a break for the entrance . fuck -— instead bat let rip at the flee vehicle . buddy and darling grab a shotgun and mini pistol from the dead and also unload . baby hang back and pointedly do not join in with the shoot . his face say everything . he do not want this . wailing brass , furious drum and hammond organ score a barrage of bullet that stop the escapee dead in he track . we hear a sustained horn , as the driver slump on he dash . bat ( cont 'd ) baby . get we out . move ! no time to argue . baby grab another abandon suv as bat , darling and buddy grab as many gun as they can carry . baby start the car . in he haste , one ear bud have drop out , meaning that bat can hear the track as he jump in the passenger seat with a lot of hardware in he arm . baby wait for the other , then floor it . 58 66 . the brass in the final bridge reach a resounding climax as they pass they old cadillac , bat take a grenade , flick the safety and throw it into the open window . as the car go ka - boom in the night , bat sing along - bat ( cont 'd ) te-quiiiii-laaaaaaa ! int . suv - night 58 the foursome drive in the newly acquire suv . all be silent . bat be still jonese from the previous encounter . baby drive past he usual diner and subtly look in to see if debora be work . before he can establish this - bat hey , pull in here . baby do not . keeps drive . bat ( cont 'd ) pull in here . I be hungry . baby no . bat stop the car . baby stop . bat fix he . furious . bat ( cont 'd ) no ? you tell I no ? baby no . I do not want to go in there . baby be firm . bat break into a sickly grin . cackle . bat well hel - lo baby . I never see you so mad . you see a bunch of body hit the floor and you do not say nothing , but for some reason , you get all mad about this one diner . baby I do not like it in there . it suck . 59 67 . bat well on that recommendation , we got to go in . int . half empty diner - night 59 ' when something be wrong with my baby 's by Sam & Dave . this song play on the diner 's stereo system . open with - SAM & dave '' when something be wrong with my baby , something be wrong with I . " debora be deal with one sole customer at the counter , she look bored and distant . then the door open and in walk - a intense look bat , a grim buddy and darling . and behind they , baby . he pointedly look at debora , he sunglass very firmly on . he be not smile . she 's never seem so far away . she get that something 's up . it 's as ominous as he and Doc in the parking lot . she 's also never see he with sunglass on . in fact she 's never see a booth of four people all with sunglass on at night . it 's as weird to we as it be to she . at the booth , bat soak up the tension . love it . bat now why you all still mad at I ? buddy because you have a death wish and we do not . buddy talk calmly , but intensely . tear a napkin into strip . baby and darling be catch awkwardly in the middle . bat we be all go to end up in a chair . maybe see out you day in a lawn chair at holiday villa , maybe settle with the electric one . might be just I , but the latter sound funner . buddy it 's just you . you revel in bad choice . in bad luck . and that 's bad business . 68 . bat what 's bad luck to you be more open door for I . so I be gonna pick thirteen as my lucky number and make hay while you hail Mary . buddy whatever you do on you own time be fine . what you do within this group affect we all . bat do not worry buddy . I be not gonna mess up . I know you have nose to feed . buddy oh. because you never take drug . baby have be watch debora the whole time . she come over . sense the sour mood . Plays it cool . debora can I get you anything to drink ? bat I think it 's Coke all around . debora Three coke . this strike darling as odd . she look at baby , who stare down at he menu . when debora leave , bat continue . bat here 's the thing . you rob to support a drug habit . I take drug to support a robbery habit . ( to baby ) baby boy . what you do this for ? baby 's glance at debora . but say nothing . bat ( cont 'd ) the cash ? the girl ? or be it just the smell of burn rubber ? baby I guess . bat so , we in agreement . we be all about the white line fever . 69 . buddy yeah . you be real funny . during this exchange , debora look at baby , deeply concerned . bat I be deadly serious . this be my job . it 's you two who 's on vacation . buddy what be that suppose to mean ? bat you be Wall Street right ? buddy Doc tell you that ? bat Doc tell I nothing . I be just guess . buddy glower . sub zero sarcasm . buddy I would be fascinate to hear you thought . bat stop I if I be way off . but I be think you be a stockbroker , maybe with a previous fiance , maybe a wife , maybe kid . you be make good money , you be good at you work , but you also play hard . and you like the wild side too much , get in too deep , rack up debt that would make even you employer blush . so either you get laid off or someone want to break you leg . you decide to run off , maybe take you favorite lap dancer in tow , head out to the desert and disappear into you double life , concentrate on the three thing that get you high : the money , the boogaloo , the sex , the action . okay four thing . but be I close ? buddy be still unamuse . then - darling I will have you know I be a feature dancer , not a lap dancer . 70 . bat what 's the difference ? darling it mean my name be on the marquee . and I could charge quadruple for dance . bat well then ignore everything I say . buddy you doubt my credential ? bat just say you be on a trip right now . and maybe it 's one you be not come back from . either way , if you be from Wall Street you be already a bigger crook than I 'il ever be . buddy two thing . do not underestimate I . and do not ever speak ill about my lady . or I will see red and you will see nothing but black . buddy be scary when angere . bat break into a big grin . bat where do you find she ? Vegas ? reno ? I think maybe it be morongo . darling what make you say that ? bat ' Cause that 's where the moron - go . buddy 's eye glaze over . he shift in he seat . grip a fork . it 's fuck terrifying to see he shift . bat just laugh . bat ( cont 'd ) you see this baby ? this be what happen when a man love a woman . debora come over with the three coke . debora what can I get you to eat ? bat this cat need a happy meal . but I be just gonna get the check ... debora . 71 . baby see that for the first time . debora be wear a ' debora 's name tag . bat then throw a arm around baby . bat ( cont 'd ) oh and my friend here hate this place . I think it 's okay . so I wanna ask you , what 's he problem ? baby can not look up at debora . she reply coldly . debora maybe you friend would like to fill out a suggestion slip and tell we how we could improve we service . debora put they check on the table and leave without look at baby . darling guess something 's up . darling be you two fuck ? or you be fuck ? you fuck she and do not call she back . or she do not call . something 's up . I can definitely smell fuck in the air . baby go red . want to curl up and die . bat I do not know about that . ( to buddy and darling ) you two , I get down pat . I can not get a read on dum dum here . we let the song play as baby look up at debora behind the counter . long to be anywhere else with she . when - bat ( cont 'd ) come on , let 's bounce . you guy go on out to the car . I get this . darling and buddy leave . baby move past bat and see - bat pull the gun from he jacket . then , like lightning - baby grab bat 's arm . firmly stop he . bat be shocked at this action . baby have never touch he before and now hold down bat 's gun arm with real force . buddy turn and see this too . he check to see if anyone in the diner see what 's go on . they do not . 60 72 . SAM & dave '' when something be wrong with my baby , something be wrong with I . " baby look determine , emotional . bat then break into another wide grin . impress . he back off . bat be sure to tip the nice lady . baby take the check and go to the counter . he put it down and go to exit , without say anything to debora . debora see under the check folder . a ipod . the pink one . debora hey , you leave you - baby do not look back . carry on walk out . debora look down to see . cue up on the ipod . ' debora 's . she look at baby silently depart . she 's worried for he . int . undecorate loft - night 60 Doc enter . he 's instantly aware of - a mood . and three camp . bat on the opposite side of the room to buddy and darling , while baby lie on he makeshift bed in another part of the room , face away . his headphone be on . doc who die ? buddy a better question : ' who do not ? '. doc I count four . something happen I should know about ? buddy a little trouble procure the hardware . doc trouble ? bat there be no trouble . just a little haggling . 73 . Doc sense there 's something else to tell . get serious . doc this go to bite I in the ass ? buddy and darling say nothing . bat grin wide . bat nothing 's go to bite no-one . we get this Doc . you get no worry with we three here . doc you three ? bat I can not speak for the mute . Doc look to baby . he close a partition in the loft space , so baby be now separate from they . doc something wrong with baby ? he 's be a problem ? buddy Jesus . he 's not the problem . bat warm to this new theme , keen to distract Doc . bat I do not know . I be start to think he be the crazy one on this team . darling riiight . bat I see the first glint of steel in baby tonight , but not when he have a gun in he hand . he 's real quiet then he can get real emotional . and over some dumb waitress . this register with Doc . doc a waitress , huh ? bat all that emotion worry I doc. 74 . doc what be you worried about other than he turn leave , he turn right and he know when the light turn green ? bat him turn yellow and squealing ? doc that be not gonna happen . he squeal on the asphalt not to the cop . bat and you do how many job with he ? doc hey mouth , if you can not take my fuck word for something , get back in the elevator . I 's will bet that kid start earlier than any of you . you ever hear of the Pacific ghost ? bat the joyrider ? doc use to bait cop by zoom through malibu speed trap . go 100 mph with he headlight off , brake light disconnect . begging the police to chase he . then leave ‘em in the dust . that be we boy . buddy be not that like ten year ago ? doc like I say , that be we boy . he 's be boost car since he be old enough to see over the dash . buddy so how have you find he ? doc he steal a merc of mine . with a ton of my merch in it . I see he do it too . I do not stop he right away either , because I be just like - the ball on this kid . ( more ) 61 75 . doc ( cont 'd ) he do not know who I be or what he be steal but when I finally track he down I make sure to tell he who I be , what I do and what I be capable of . and he go on to pay I off and show I what he 's capable of . I figure if he like to joy ride so much , we might as well make some money from it . we see baby be awake and listen through the partition . doc ( cont 'd ) turn out he dad use to work for I way back . but that kid be a better criminal than he father ever be . baby be go to do a great job tomorrow . and you be go come right back here and apologize to I . you mark my word . baby hear this , but do not want to . he close he eye . flashback : a high pitched whine on soundtrack - we see young baby sit in the diner . his Mom be work at the counter talk to a male customer . baby 's dad be also present and stare at the male customer intensely . - we then see baby 's Mom in a modest recording studio . she be behind the glass and we cannot hear what she be sing . - in the studio be baby 's unsmile father and the ( young ) elderly man . he be a engineer behind the mixing desk . as baby 's Mom sing , the elderly man turn to baby and give a thumb up . - we see Young baby in the backseat of a car , watch he dad hold up a gas station clerk at gunpoint . - baby 's dad dump a bunch of candy bar on the back seat . - the Mom drive . she cry . the dad yell . - we see the car about to slam into the pick up truck - - the candy fall off the back seat . so do the ipod . - Young baby close he eye . the whine peak . int . undecorate loft - later 61 ' ready let 's go’ by board of Canada . 62 76 . some time later . Doc be go . bat sleep in a chair . buddy and darling curl up on a couch . baby quickly gather he thing in the dark . and sneak out . int . underground parking p3 - night 62 baby walk from the freight elevator to the suv . he get in . start up . but when he pull out toward the exit . buddy be wait for he . block he path . buddy where you go , baby ? baby coffee . buddy walk to the driver 's window . baby remain very quiet . buddy at 2 am ? that do not sound too smart . or much like you either . ( .--) look you be a good kid . I say you should not have pick up that phone . but here you be . and that 's cool if you be really commit to the job . but if you be in it for the buzz , I say go on you Starbucks run and do not come back . because bad thing happen . baby I know . buddy Doc say you dad be in this business . baby he be . buddy but I be not sure you be . you can not dip you toe , you be either in the pool or you be not . if this be just you escape , then go . bat ( 0.s. ) what we talk about here ? bat be stand outside the elevator . buddy cover . 63 77 . buddy just about how we should all be get more sleep before tomorrow . bat it do not look like that . buddy what do it look like ? bat look like he 's go somewhere at 2 in the morning . you go somewhere baby ? baby look back to buddy . then to bat . baby no ... bat good , because we gotta talk about this . bat be hold a Sony handheld cassette recorder . baby search he jacket for he . bat stop he . bat ( cont 'd ) yeah , it 's the same one . int . undecorate loft - moment later 63 a d90 audio cassette play in the handheld recorder . baby sit in the middle of the room . forced to listen . we can hear the hum in he ear again , underline the tense mood . buddy and bat stand over he . bat have he gun out . darling sit in the corner . from the tape , we hear recent dialogue . doc ( on tape ) what be you worried about other than he turn leave , he turn right and he know when the light turn green ? bat ( on tape ) him turn yellow and squealing ? bat press stop . he be deadly serious . bat ( cont 'd ) now why you go and do that ? baby stammer , but be aware he need to speak up . and fast . 78 . baby I like to record stuff . bat and why do you like to record stuff . be you the police ? be you a snitch ? darling do not Doc work with he dad ? bat that do not mean nothing . he could be work out he daddy issue on we . or maybe , just maybe he be fuck retarded . be you ? baby do not want to answer that . stall . darling I think he 's just act the fool . bat I ask he . but ' act 's be right . what if this be a cover ? what if harpo here be a real serpico ? all eye on baby . buddy speak up , baby . baby I ... I just like to listen to what people say . I do not always understand first time out . so I listen back to the word . to understand . and I like to make music out of it . it 's just I fool . fool around . bat that be one fuck dumbass excuse . buddy to be fair , a cop would not come up with a excuse as fuck dumbass as that . bat I be call doc. baby do not want that to happen . blurt out . 64 65 66 67 79 . baby I can play you one . of my tape . of the music I make . buddy where be they ? baby at home . buddy well , look like we be go somewhere at 2 in the morning . int . / ext . suv - moment later 64 the hum in baby 's ear underscore this section , add uneasy menace as the suv drive fast down desert street . baby be in the back seat . buddy drive . bat be in shotgun with he gun lightly train on baby . stereo be silent . bat no music for you . you be not move . ext . apartment block - moment later 65 the suv pull up outside baby 's apartment block . baby and bat get out . buddy stay in the car . bat watch that fire escape . int . apartment block - moment later 66 bat and baby ascend in the extremely slow expose elevator . int . bare apartment —- moment later 67 baby walk in first . the tv be on , but barely illuminate the room . bat enter , flick the light switch . it 's still out . bat observe the dimly light room . he 's both surprised and yet not at how bare and simple it be . bat this be you place ? 80 . baby it 's my foster dad 's . bat and where 's he ? the elderly man be asleep in he chair . but bat do not notice a person be present . it look like a big old blanket . baby ..- he 's dead . baby do not acknowledge the old man . he walk right over to a pile of tape on the kitchen counter . he take the pile of d30s . turn to bat and softly say . baby ( cont 'd ) get ‘em . bat this better be good , baby . 68 int . undecorate loft - later 68 buddy and bat stand over baby at the tape recorder . darling , again , be in the corner . he press play . the montage that play be a collage of almost all dialogue we have hear so far . a nonsense medley of crosscut dialogue . it build into odd rhythm . sound awesome , but absurd . bat press stop . buddy shut he eye . bat what the fuck do I just listen to ? baby like I say . I be fool around . bat do we not establish what happen when you act the fool with I ? baby I be not act . I be one . a pause . then - darling well hell , I like it . it 's funny . 69 81 . buddy I say we get someone else . bat at this time of night ? buddy anyone you have work with that 's still alive ? bat you two be still alive . buddy I be so honore . bat lemme think about what to do while I give the kid a ride home . bat tuck he gun into he waistband and put he jacket on . baby do not like the look of this . he speak firmly . baby I can do this . I be drive tomorrow . I be not retarded . I be fast . I be drive . buddy and bat exchange look . darling let he . so what ? he record stuff . Big deal . I be kinda hope someone get all the pork nonsense on tape because that be bananas . ( ..-) besides I kinda wanna hear the rest of the tape . bat oh yeah ? well go get it . bat throw the d30 cassette out of the window . ext . alley - early morning 69 we see a smashed cassette . the audio tape spool out on the concrete like brown spaghetti . the morning sun rise . 70 71 72 82. int . undecorate loft - early morning 70 Doc enter to find buddy , darling & bat dress in civilian attire for the robbery . they look weirdly normal . doc where 's baby ? buddy I be go to guess ... in the car . int . underground parking p3 - moment later 71 ' Movement one 's by herbie Flowers & Barry Morgan . ping . buddy , bat and darling exit the elevator to find - a blue mitsubishi galant . baby at the wheel . eye fix forward . hand ten to two . Music pump on the stereo . the gang get in . buddy and darling in back . bat in shotgun . bat kill the stereo . produce a coke spoon . take a big snort . bat now I be go to make this clear . you can listen on you phone or do whatever it be you need to do . but I do not want to hear none of you bullshit today . baby silently plug he earphone into the ipod . the music continue in baby 's head and we ear . buddy let 's get this over with . baby pull out . head for the ' exit '. int . mitsubishi galant - day 72 ' Music for the head ballet 's by the bonzo Dog doo dah Band . a solo harpsichord play a jolly fairground intro as the gang cruise down century boulevard . very slowly . baby listen to the music in he earphone as they reach the intersection of success Avenue . and find themselves in - gridlock . some construction be up ahead . it 's the middle of the school run . Cars slow to a stop . it 's a bad time for a jam . 83 . baby signal , he indicator in sync with the 4 / 4 tempo . the track become a woozy waltz , repeat a ' down then up 's pattern that go around and around as the traffic madden . the galant idle in the leave hand lane . baby begin to sweat . unsure of the neighborhood . the air con blast . bat 's cocaine seem to kick in , he restlessness change the simpatico of action and music from be magical to menace . buddy tap he finger on a seat rest in time with the music . darling flick through the page of a magazine , also in time . bat cock and uncock he shotgun in time . baby eye this . the whole hood be alive with incident , all in time with the track . kid shouting . angry neighbor . a police helicopter . the sound of chopper blade prompt the gang to all look up . when they look back down a cop car be right alongside they . they next door neighbor in the traffic jam be the police . a change of key in the track . the four gang member all look straight forward , eye fix on the static road ahead . then - the music resume its woozy waltz as the gang take turn to look at the cop . the glance be furtive first , then more confident . the dance of they turn head be very surreal . as the melody accentuate the odd note , we see the cop look back at the gang in the galant . we take in the odd magic of - four gang member and two cop , all wear shade , try to inconspicuously check each other out in time with a waltz . baby do not want to see bat slowly raise he shotgun . out of sight of the cop , but ready to fire . then suddenly , the cop drive , point right towards bat . bat do a ' who I ? 's the cop shake he head . then - point at baby . motion for he to take off he earphone . baby do so . the waltz conclude . bat smile . bat yeah baby . it 's the law . bat make the ‘he 's crazy 's sign to the cop about baby . the cop get a call . switch they siren on . pull out of the jam and out of sight . everyone exhales . heart attack over ... for now . 73 84 . ext . US post office . watt - day 73 ' intermission 's by blur . a solo piano play a endlessly descend melody . baby pull up into the strip mall . the place be quiet but everything feel bad . the heat , the traffic , the summer aggression in the air , a rain drop on the windshield . in watt ? there 's even a construction pickup truck partly block they exit , steel enforce concrete pole hang off the back . even a novice would get spook by this , but - bat ignore the omen and repeat he mantra . bat remember , what 's in there be ours . it belong to we . they get we money . they get we money order . they get we momma 's jewel . they get we girlfriend in there . so let 's go in , get they , get she . take back what be rightfully ours . darling open she door . it start . there 's a thunderclap . a crunchy electric guitar join the piano . add menace . buddy and bat watch darling walk into the post office alone . baby get a pervasive feel of dread . a baby in a stroller cry . a chorus of honk and angry driver be hear nearby . a bass guitar join the sneaking melody . buddy and bat get out , take bag from the trunk and follow darling . baby be distract by a argument between two man at a bus stop . a huge thunder clap and cymbal crash herald the introduction of drum . and also buddy and bat enter the post office . the tempo of the track quicken . traffic noise flare nearby . baby stare forward . rain spot he windshield . baby hit the wiper . they be in perfect time with the track . he stay , fix forward , stare at the jag mess of protrude pole , fixate on this premonition of doom . tempo quicken . rain thicken . baby flick the wiper up a notch in speed . in he wing mirror , baby see - a security guard amble around the corner . look up at the uncommon rainfall . finishes off a sandwich . 85 . a squeal of feedback . baby look through the post office door . he can see frantic activity inside . he look back to the security guard who have throw the sandwich wrapper in the trash and now slowly approach baby . the tempo quicken . the drum become more manic . baby flick the wiper to go one faster . match the tempo . the security guard pass , eyeball baby . then - a gun shot . from inside . baby and the Guard look to the door . baby do not want to think what just happen in there . the Guard run to the door of the post office . just as - buddy , darling and bat run out , bag and gun in hand . hard cymbal strike . White noise guitar . madly fast piano . the Security Guard reach for a walkie . bat blows he away with a shotgun . point blank . baby witness this . Close up . he be in total shock . bat then shoot the security guard on the ground too . sound explode around they . a alarm . scream from passersby . the sound of distant siren as - darling and buddy leap in the back and bat jump in shotgun . a huge shift up in tempo , the track threaten to collapse . bat ( cont 'd ) move ! baby do not move . bat ( cont 'd ) Fucking move ! baby do not go . bat ( cont 'd ) Fucking hit the gas you fuck retard . Fucking move . go ! bat hit baby in the face with the shotgun stock . it knock out a lens from he sunglass . we now see one naked eye . one steely eye . baby do not move . baby do not go . 86 . buddy baby go ! go now ! bat I be blow you fuck head off in three second if you do not move ! darling move ! bat point the barrel of he shotgun at baby 's head . bat 1 - siren mass . baby hold still . that steely eye stare at bat . bat ( cont 'd ) 2 - Music and noise crescendos around they . and then - bat ( cont 'd ) 3 ! baby hit the gas . drive hard and fast . straight into - the back of the pickup truck . the concrete pole . wrecking the passenger side of the car and impaling bat . a blast of violent noise . wailing distort feedback . bat be dead . the car be fucked . the siren get closer . baby , darling and buddy be alive , but badly concuss . concrete dust and radiator mist cloud the trash galant . buddy get up . get up . get up . buddy pull darling out of the car . baby get out too . he have one earbud hang out of he ear , one sunglass lens miss . the song white out . returns to a simple solo piano . buddy look at baby . he be incandescent with rage . buddy ( cont ’d ) what do you do ? what did you do ! baby I move . 74 87 . buddy flip . grab baby . look ready to shoot he there and then . baby 's ear bud fall out . when - pop ! pop ! pop ! a cop be position on the street . shoot over the hood of the first Black & White to arrive . buddy return FIRE from behind he car door . darling too . baby duck down behind the wreck of the galant . he do not know what to do and look again to he music for direction . he put he leave earbud back in as a new track kick off - ' hocus pocus 's by focus . a heavy guitar riff play in leave channel . baby put in he right earbud . a second guitar join in the right channel . Police car screech into view all around . officer scream with fury at they to lay down they arm . the track build . baby stand . the track kick in . baby . buddy . darling . run for it . Race to survive . driving guitar , bass and drum propel baby forward . buddy fire back . darling lose she heel , run barefoot . ext . the street of watt - continuous 74 the three of they disappear out of the back of the strip mall . ducking into to a back alley . the sound of police boot and screeching tire gain on they . they pound along the alley . baby be first , look crazy with he single lens sunglass . he vault over a chain link fence and run fast , leave darling and buddy behind . he sail across a street , car screeching around he . head for a memorial park up ahead . foot pound . guitar build . baby run fast and be out of control . he slam into a middle age male dog WALKER on a snare hit . drum solo . baby hide in a clump of tree . stop . catch he breath . his organ feel like they be in he mouth . vocal section . crazy yodell . hammond organ . baby look around . see the police chase buddy and darling on foot . Black & whites split every which way . circle the park . 75 76 88. the vocalist begin a rise scream . baby gear up . know he cannot stop . Police be come . chopper blade be close in . the dog walker be wave in the direction of the tree . drum fill into drive heavy guitar . baby make a break . head back into the sun . cop be suddenly on he heel . one Black & White drive onto the park itself . baby run . cop will not shoot . there be too many people in the park . kid scream . mother yell . hobo be trip over . hectic drum fill and snare build . baby hotfoot it across a crosswalk , weaving through shopper as he head for a - int . / ext . rundown mall - continuous 75 baby slide down banister into the sink ground level of a busy -ish shopping mall that have see better day . another craze drum solo signal he fast descent down the stair and mad dash right into a customer elevator go up . more crazy yodell score he ascent to a higher level . baby catch he breath in a elevator full of woman . baby look out of place , panting and sweat drench . he take off he cyclops sunglass to look less odd . it do not work . as the vocal rise , baby can see the cop sweeping the food court . at the peak , one cop see baby in the elevator . the lift door open . baby be out of there . a frenzied guitar solo see baby tear around the top floor . he can see cop run up escalator to find he . he try to fast walk , so as not to look conspicuous . he dart into a - int . discount clothing store - continuous 76 baby take out he ear . grab a baseball cap and disappear into aisle stack with clothes . the track play faintly in he loose earphone and mix with the store muzak . baby try on a denim jacket . pick up new shade . see - cop reflect in the convex mirror , high up on the wall . baby avoid they and walk straight back out . the tag on he steal clothing set off the store alarm . the cop turn to see - baby have go . he have disappear into a nearby -— 77 78 79 89 . int . electronics store - continuous 77 baby crouch down on the floor of a low rent best buy style store . he pretend to inspect a particular stereo system . one ear bud be back in and the track 's crazy oompah breakdown mix with the disorient noise of many plasma screen . outside baby see the cop run past the store . they path take he easily distract eye to a display of television . play on the screen be a scene from ' top hat 's where fred astaire tap dance and mime the massacre of the chorus with he cane a substitute for a submachine gun . all danger briefly fade as astaire dance sync up with baby 's music . the tvs be place next to mirrore pillar . creating a kaleidoscopic effect that mesmerize ... it 's fleeting . the cop be back . breakdown be over . the huge guitar riff return and baby run through the store , head not for the exit , but for the staff room . he bust through they stock room and past yell employee to find - int . FIRE exit stair - continuous 78 baby bust down the stair . trip alarm . up above the cop burst into the stairwell . baby see they . but do not see - the cop who enter the stairwell at a lower level . fuck . baby hit he at full speed . knock they both fly . the cop slam hard into the door he just open . baby tumble down the next set of stair . he recover with a limp . escape to - ext . rundown mall parking lot - continuous 79 baby race into the full lot , shaking off he new injury . he zeroe in on model of car from the pre-immobilizer era . spot a 91 Accord , a 95 Civic , a 2003 corolla . as the cop burst into the parking lot , baby disappear down amongst the park car , out of they view . while on the ground , he try the door of the nearest vehicle . then , right in front on he . cop . run past on foot . miss he . 90 . baby stand up and on the rise guitar chord , smashes at the window of the nearest white corolla with he elbow . crash . baby messily smashes the window . he open the door and sit in the glass as a hectic drum solo play . he try to hot wire it . but the engine will not kick over . he slump down in he seat . cop be run back and forth . the rise vocal section build . Hit a peak . the engine fire up and baby lurch forward . his seat belt alarm chime as he pull a tight 90 degree turn . cop spot he . some fire . send other shopper scream . baby roar forward in the corolla , clipping trolley and non - compact as he go . his wheel scream as he settles into the new car and turn perfect corner to get out of this maze . as two guitar rapidly solo , baby leave the cop behind , snake through the lot when - boom . he plough hard into a car that be reversing at speed . it 's a grey silverado with break window . in the front - buddy and darling . no fuck way . buddy no fuck way ! cop descend . both baby and buddy try to get they car start again . buddy 's ride be fuck . it 's not happen . buddy scream at baby . the vein in he neck bulg . buddy ( cont 'd ) be you a fuck jinx , you maggot ? the crazy vocal rise again . siren be get close . buddy and darling jump out of they car . move toward baby 's . darling get we out of here baby ! this be you fuck mess . a lapd bullhorn bark for they to put down they -— brat brat brat . darling let rip in the bullhorn 's direction . buddy be about to fire too , when return fire explode from three cop use nearby park car as a blockade . buddy duck , but darling be hit . and hit . and hit . and hit . gl . baby be still in the car and can see two thing . 1 ) darling 's body riddle with bullet and jerking wildly . 2 ) buddy 's face turning expressionless , eye seeing red . the bullet stop . darling drop dead . the bullhorn resume - l.a.p.d put you gun dow - nope . buddy stride around the car and walk directly toward the cop , fire all the way . he be a man possess . he waste the police who be in the way . fearlessly walk toward the cop , shoot with fire in he eye . Three cop be wasted in buddy 's vengeance . he then shoot the officer with the bullhorn who be back by a squad car . what few pedestrian be still in the lot be cry and shriek . mass siren . more cop come and fast . the insane pound guitar still ring in baby 's ear . he stay in the drive seat , wait for buddy 's next move . he watch as buddy calmly walk toward he , fix he with dead eye , raise he gun and open FIRE . baby slip down in he seat . pop into reverse blindly . his car barrel backwards , as buddy unload bullet . a final drum solo play as he corolla slam into some park car and he roll out on to the tarmac . his sunglass and ipod scatter on the floor as he crawl in between some park car . buddy approach , bark madly in between each shot . buddy you-should -have-never-picked-up ! baby need the ipod desperately , but cannot reach it without expose himself to buddy 's hail of bullet , so - baby grab the revolver of a down officer . return FIRE . buddy dodge behind baby 's crash car , genuinely not expect fire from baby . but he 's not surprised to see - baby 's hand . reaching out . try to grab the drop ipod . 80 92 . buddy unleash lead and blows the ipod to smithereen . end of song . then - baby run for it , zig zag through the park car . his only rhythm now : the sound of police siren woop wooping . he run , turn corner , sprint frantically , try to escape the parking lot and get far away from buddy and the cop . ext . back on the street of watt - continuous 80 we stay with baby as he sprint through back alley . the siren and fire sound fall away and the sound of blood in baby 's eardrum get louder and louder . baby swap he gun between hand and press on he neck , take he pulse . it beat fast . he run fast . very fast . baby close he eye and let he pulse guide he as he run . the siren fall away , the commotion behind he now . we stay with he run , he blood racing , he pulse quick . then slow on the corner of a quieter neighborhood street . he see a older lady slowly drive a purple pontiac Grand be coupe . she appear to be listen to a religious radio station . desperate , baby run up to she , gun underneath he jacket and in a voice like we have never hear from he - baby get the fuck out of the car lady ! baby channel the ( now decease ) bat . the older Lady freak . she get the fuck out and we follow her as she run across the street and over the low wall of a nearby lot . she decide to stay low on the ground , hide . then as she breathe calm , she hear something curious - the SOUND of switching station ... her car appear to still be idling . she have not hear it leave . but she do hear - a ballad . a dry news report . a country ballad . traditional mexican music . another ballad . another ballad . a slow soul track . a commercial . another ballad ... the Lady look over the wall and see baby still in the pontiac , try to find the correct song on the radio to drive off . 81 82 83 93. she look at he dumbstruck . he look at the car stereo , fully concentrate on he search for tempo . the final insult be Laurie Anderson 's ' oh superman 's . as this super slow avant garde piece play , baby look up and meet eye with the Lady for a second . then he say - baby ( cont ’d ) I be so sorry . ' radar Love 's by Golden earring come onto the radio . baby turn the volume way up , pop it into drive and peel out fast . golden earring '' we have get a thing that 's call a radar love ! " the Lady watch he go . what the - int . bare apartment - later 81 the elderly man asleep in front of the tv news . on it : live helicopter footage of buddy carjack a Red durango as he battle police in the street . the window be open and we can hear ' radar Love 's play even before we see a car pull up . ( it 's a long song ) . int. / ext . apartment block - continuous 82 baby park the pontiac , but do not want to switch off the radio . he look up . see the window be open upstairs . baby leave the engine run and the radio play as he run into this apartment block . he leave the main door open so the music can echo around the stairwell . the elevator be not on the ground and be slowly ascend so he run up the stair two at a time and burst into the - int . bare apartment - continuous 83 baby wake the elderly man . on the tv be live coverage of buddy make he escape from the police in the Red durango . baby communicate quickly in sign language . no subtitles . baby we_have to go . bad . before baby can explain , ' radar Love 's stop playing outside . 94 . baby look out . a red bullet riddled durango be park next to he car . the door be wide open and fuck - baby grab a vinyl record , a batter copy of ' motown chartbuster vol 3 's . he put it on to the stereo and place the needle on the track he need : ' Edwin Starr 's 8.0.8 's . he then wheel the elderly man into the center of the room . he rip out the floorboard and stuff as many dollar into the elderly man 's gown and blanket as possible . he put the rest of the money in a duffel . grab he address book , but do not see a loose page flutter to the floor . he grab a dictaphone . another portable recorder . medication . a stack of d90s . he 's about to grab some ipod , when - smash . the window by the fire escape be be kicked in . baby leave all he ipod behind . he wheel the elderly man 's chair around , push he fast through the front door . edwin starr ' I be send out a sos , because I be so much distress 's hot on they tail . buddy . he climb through the break window to the empty apartment where Edwin Starr still blare . he see the loose page of the address book on the floor . it read - Doc - 3108045898 debora - ? buddy grab the paper , run to the front door and see that the elevator be descend ... edwin starr ( cont 'd ) '' if you see my baby , if you see my baby , stop she on sight " buddy run down the stair to intercept the elevator . he hit the ground first and wait for the door to open . Inside be the elderly man . look frail , innocent . buddy look like he be about to grab the handicapped man when - siren be hear , helicopter , bullhorn , boot stomping . buddy look up the stairwell . see baby . look back down . buddy glare . his face white with fury . before he can chase -— 84 95 . police bust through the door - buddy turn and fire . baby do not stick around to find out what happen next . he run back into the apartment . the phone still ringing . grab a single ipod before jump out onto the fire escape . ext . apartment block - continuous 84 and head down . behind he gunfire , mass siren , ' copter . baby put he ear phone in . spin the wheel on this ( older ) ipod . get half way down the escape , jump to the next roof - hide behind a stairwell exit on the next roof and find a track on he ipod that have the right urgency . he play - ' Middle 's by rocket from the crypt . rocket from the crypt '' be you stick in the middle ? Way -oh way -oh ! " baby look to the fire escape . hear gun fire from inside . baby look up . a police helicopter be above and hover . baby look at entrance of he building . cop swarm in . baby look down to the street . the elderly man wheel along . baby look further down . see a sentra in a handicapped spot . the song kick into gear . he hear a clank behind he . buddy be atop the fire escape . aiming he gun right at he . baby bolt . run fast across the roof . the copter see he sprinting and bellow with a loud hailer . Shots be fire . baby jump - land in a dumpster , he emerge with a rock in hand and sprint for the sentra . he throw the rock at the window and dive into the car . boost it . Hit reverse fast and head back up the street to pick up he uncle . ding ding ding . as the car reverse , baby keep he head down and watch the back up camera . cop have run right past the elderly man who be wheeling slowly down the street . baby stop and get out . leave the car dinging in reverse . 85 86 96 . he run over and grab the elderly man out of the chair . throw he over he shoulder , baby run to put he in the passenger seat of the newly steal vehicle . one cop turn back to see a empty wheelchair roll down the street unmanned . he look over to the car and see - baby . in the sentra . pull a sharp 180 that swerve on the sidewalk . before the cop have time to call he colleague - — baby be in drive . floor it . int . sentra - continuous 85 baby look in the rear view . leave the cop and buddy behind he . he look to the elderly man . Signs . baby we be good . ext . retirement home - evening 86 baby pull up outside a sign read ' holiday villa 's . a well light path through verdant garden lead to the entrance . the elderly man be asleep in shotgun . baby look at he sadly . he take the dictaphone and record the follow . baby hello . my name be Joseph . I like watch tv and sometimes I like to listen to old record through the vibration . I also like freeze peas , meatloaf and white bread and peanut butter . and bananas . please look after I . thank you . baby put the dictaphone in Joseph 's lap . he be now awake and smile back at baby . it 's bittersweet . baby bottle he guilt . run up the path . the ‘open door 's chime ping in he wake . Joseph be not sure if baby have go . but baby return . stand outside the car with another wheelchair he have seemingly steal from the home . Joseph sign to baby . and for once , subtitles . joseph where be you go ? 87 88 97 . baby away . baby wheel Joseph down the path to the entrance . joseph will you come back ? baby I do not know . I want you to be safe . joseph be you in trouble ? baby i_do not want to be in trouble anymore . the sound of chopper blade . baby and Joseph look up as a police searchlight illuminate the sentra in the driveway . the spotlight then illuminate Joseph alone in he wheelchair . no baby . ext . the suburb - evening 87 hi hat drum . baby walk the dark street . past park car . a kik drum hit . baby stop . a cop car cruise through a cross street up ahead . a discordant violin drine . the police helicopter be still up above . get closer . heavy breath . a bass guitar join the kik hit . a young female dog walker stroll in the opposite direction . violin climb . baby try every car door he pass . the cop car slow , shine a torch at he . the searchlight come close . the dog walker give baby a long double take . when - one car door be unlock . baby open it . slip in . boost it . a downward piano glissando take we to - ext . half empty diner - night 88 ' never never gonna give you up 's by Barry White . the welcoming neon light of the diner reflect on baby 's windshield as he pull up to the shuffle groove . 89 98. as Barry sing ' ooh baby ' , we baby look determine as he park up right outside the door of the diner . harpischord and high string score he immediate view . debora . behind the counter . look unhappy . baby 's heart beat with the electric bass on the track . as Barry breathes , baby take deep breath . whisper to himself - baby go in and get she . go in . get she . int . half empty diner - night 89 baby walk in . take he shade off . leave he earphone in . debora see he . look surprised to see he . barry white wherever wherever girl , I will do it . forever and ever , yeah yeah yeah yeah , I will see you through it . once again , debora be frame beautifully amongst the wall art of couple in convertible , auto dream of romantic escape . baby smile . debora do not match it . she look worried . and unsure of he . then baby see on the counter in front of she . a half drunk coffee . a tear napkin . the miss page from he address book . with Doc 's number and debora 's name on it . debora look at baby with fresh eye . like she do not know he at all . and she look scared . she say quietly . debora you buddy be here ... she look to the rest room . baby follow she gaze . buddy stand outside the rest room door . his eye be black . he seem like he 's in monochrome , grief and rage make he a scary shell of he former self . aside from the three of they , the diner be empty . with Barry White still play , this quiet stand off feel operatic . a flute flourish . baby and buddy stand still . no one make a move . buddy stare right through he former colleague . debora , breathe fast . look between they , then to the tv. 99 . on the wall mount tv , the news . there 's photo and full name for bat ( Leo brubaker III ) and darling ( monica rosen ) . for buddy , a photo , a full name and a angle ( James Patrick Morgan : ' former Wall Street Trader want for cop killing 's ) . baby only have a sketchy artist 's rendering of he face . buddy and baby fixate on the news coverage , when - red and blue light reflect on the diner window . cop car circle . one cruise in . Parks right next to baby 's car . buddy calmly walk back to he spot at the counter . baby slowly join he . they sit on stool next to each other . outside . one cop stay by the car on the radio , the other officer move slowly towards the diner door . buddy show debora he gun over the counter and nod to she . she nod back and pour buddy some more coffee . as debora pour , baby make eye contact with she as Barry sing . barry white '' Cause I find what the world be search for . here , right here my dear , I do not have to look no more . " baby look emotional . debora can tell that he be upset . baby pick up a pen and a suggestion slip , write something in he childish scrawl . she try to read it upside down when - the cop walk in . do not see the tv , wave to debora , head for the mens 's . the song string build to a chorus where - buddy take one of baby 's earphone and listen in too - barry white ( cont 'd ) '' never , never gonna give you up . I be never ever gonna stop . '' buddy fix baby with intent , a seethe fury . this be not about the girl anymore . this be about settling a score . barry white ( cont 'd ) '' I be never ever gonna quit . Cause quittin ' just be not my schtick . " in the middle of this pop standoff , debora breathes fast . barry white ( cont 'd ) '' gonna stay right here with you - '' 90 100 . the song stop . baby see that the ipod read ' error 1407 's . buddy it 's dead , baby . the door to the rest room open . all three turn to see - the other waitress come out . clearly start she shift . she yawn . do not clock that anything be wrong . other waitress how you two doin’ ? on buddy . '' two ? '' he swivel on he stool . baby be go . so be the piece of paper with Doc 's number . debora see the suggestion slip leave behind . on it - '' sorry '' buddy bolt after he into the parking lot . he can not see baby or he car . the Pacific ghost be go . the cop , still on he radio , look up as buddy scream out . buddy you can not keep on run , baby ! the cop wonder who this crazy man yell be - cop Sir ? buddy calmly turn to he , raise he pistol . blam . int . / ext . callbox / park - night 90 '' 3108045898 '' baby punch the number into a call box phone . he 's in the park near he old apartment block . that area be cordon and swarm with cop . as the phone ring he look at he immediate environment . it 's populate by the homeless and kid look to get high . the summer air thick with noise . snatch of unfamiliar music . car alarm . party . the still omnipresent sound of nearby chopper blade . baby want out . the phone pick up at the other end . Doc ( 0.s. ) I be not open . 91 baby it 's baby . Doc ( 0.s. ) I know . I be not open . baby I need you help . Doc ( 0.s. ) you have my help . baby I can give some of the money back . I do not want it . int . / ext . phone BOX / doc 's - night Doc laugh , incredulous . he shake he head . doc it do not work like that . you get another debt now . one you can not pay off . you think the cop be gonna take a check ? think that buddy have a figure in mind that can replace darling ? none of this be go to go away because you do not wanna play anymore . whether you pull the trigger or not , cop be dead . you be not go to get cuffed , they be go to kill you . whether you shot she or not , someone 's girl be dead . he be not go to forget it . baby Doc , you gotta understand - doc and do not give I any more line from ' monster Inc 's kid . yeah , I figure that one out . it 's one of samm 's favorite . I think it sound familiar , you little shit . baby doc you there ? 101 . 91 102 . baby I be scared Doc . I fuck up . Doc soften . he 's alone in the warehouse . his jacket be on . doc I know you do . I know you do . ( beat ) look , the cop be not go anywhere and I do not think it 's in you to take buddy 's wind , so the only good news be you like drive . because you be go to have to hit the gas and not take you foot off for 20 year . baby yeah . doc listen . I be shutting up shop . and real soon . too much bad business . not my style . but I think I can help you . so here 's what we be go to do - a noise off . Doc 's manner suddenly change . doc ( cont 'd ) you be go to go to the florist 's first thing tomorrow and you be gonna drop off the flower to my mother . Big arrangement , I do not know all the name , whatever you think look good . get they to she before ten . she 's gotta go out . what ? baby be confuse on he end of the phone . doc ( cont 'd ) Card should read ' congratulation on this special day . all my love , you favorite son , Harry 's . on Doc 's end we see , out of focus , behind . buddy . doc ( cont 'd ) any problem . you get my number . Doc hang up . sense someone behind he . Plays it cool . turn to see the ashen face , dangerous buddy . buddy where be he ? 103 . doc who ? baby ? buddy do not fuck around Doc . where be he ? doc you think I know where he be ? he could be anywhere . buddy he could be . but 's he not . the kid be not that bright . I do not think he know where to go apart from he place , that diner or here . doc you see he last , not I . buddy you put he on we score doc. him and that tick timebomb bat . I take you fuck word for they . darling take you fuck word for they . you recommendation . so I be go to recommend you tell I where baby be , because whether it 's you fuck mother 's birthday or not , I do not think you want to see she cry tomorrow . doc ( calm , strong ) I know that you be hurt . and I know that you want to kill baby . maybe you think kill he will fill that hole inside you . that you can mend you bleed heart by stop he . and you want I to help you do it . but I be not go to do that buddy . because I be not you doctor ... even though my name be Doc . buddy look at he , unblink . buddy so that 's that . doc yeah . that 's that . 104 . 92 ext . park - night 92 baby sit on a low wall , decipher that last phone call . he have a portable cassette player and rewind Doc 's command . doc ( on tape ) you be go to go to the florist 's first thing tomorrow and you be gonna drop off the flower to my mother . ( rewind ) you be go to go to the florist 's first thing tomorrow . ( rewind ) you be go to go to the florist 's - baby stop the tape . it make no sense to he . he look around he . the world feel so alien without music . he see the auto reverse button . he push it . the tape flip . he hear from way earlier . nice lady teller ( on tape ) it would be nice to get away . with all this heat . veep . baby rewind it . listen again . suddenly it become clear . baby look at the money , the gun , the bag . and suddenly hear - ' theme from shaft 's by Isaac haye . it 's in he head tell he to get up and get out . baby look determine . he then realize that it 's not in he head . nor be it Isaac haye . he look up to see — a red trick out 2012 Ford mustang v6 premium drive by Black gangbanger pull up near baby . they listen to the shaft sampling - ' know how 's by Young mc . one would not normally fuck with this guy , but the music move baby to stand up , walk over and order they to - baby get out . the young gangbanger look up . laugh at this white kid . baby ( cont 'd ) get out of the car . they look at he hand . one be firmly in he jacket pocket . 105 . gang 1 better be good with that gun homey . baby pull out the gun from he pocket . show it . baby I be . gang 2 might be the last car you steal . baby do not wanna steal it . I wanna buy it . ' y more of they laugh at this . baby point the gun firmly . baby ( cont 'd ) I be serious . sell I you car . uh okay . the laughter be more mute as baby force they out at gunpoint . they slowly leave the mustang , hand aloft . as baby get to the driver 's door , he toss a huge stack of bill to the original owner . his friend wow at the amount . gang 2 this some crazy ass shit . baby go to reverse out when the driver shout -— gang 1 yo yo . can I get my iphone ? the driver reach inside . baby point the gun at he . baby no . baby reverse out of there as young mc step up to the mic . young mc '' some of the busy rhyme ever make by man , be goin ' into this mic , write by this hand , be comin ' out of this mouth , make by this tongue , I will tell you now my name , my name be Young - '' montage : ' know how 's by Young mc - see baby drive down LA street , power by the music . - see baby pull into a record store . 93 94 95 96 97 106 . - see he stride as if he life depend on it . it kinda do . young mc ( cont 'd ) '' pullin ' out rhyme like book off the shelf - '' - baby walk right up to the ' q’ section . take Queen 's ' sheer heart attack 's off the rack . then see quincy Jones ' ' Big Band bossa nova 's . he swipe both . pay with a crisp 100 dollar bill . ext . downtown street - night 93 baby drive through the eerily dead business sector . int . underground parking p3 - night 94 baby parking the mustang in he usual spot . the parking lot be mostly empty . save a couple of car . ' know how 's score baby 's swagger to the elevator . he have shade on , ear in and he 's ready for whatever be next — int . undecorate loft - night 95 the warehouse door be open . baby walk in . he see - doc be dead . shirt soak in blood . lying in a ignominious , ungraceful heap on the floor . baby stop the music and stare . we hear the hum of he tinnitus . he also see the chalkboard . it have be wipe blank . int . freight elevator - night 96 baby descend in the elevator . he be slump against the side . his body language meek . he be all alone . but not for long - int . underground parking p3 - night 97 ping . outside the elevator , between he and he car be -— three farmer ? no longer ghost . suddenly very alive . baby can not process that this man be far from dead . be he dream ? 107 . they be bruise , tired and phenomenally piss . the thick neck gorilla that be armie walk toward baby . armie hey little pig ! baby be you ghost ? armie it 's call kevlar . look it up . armie face baby , breathe very hard right in he face . armie ( cont 'd ) what you listen to ? baby nothing . armie slap baby very hard in the ear . knock one earbud out . armie good . because I want you to listen very carefully to I - baby can now hear something faintly in the background . a fairground organ . be he dream ? armie ( cont 'd ) where be you friend ? baby be slightly distract by the faint fairground ambience in the background . he know this song . baby they be not my friend . but two be dead . the other . I do not know . armie well you better rack you brain , before we stomp on they . baby hear a chugge electric guitar . he know this song . so do we . it 's ' Brighton rock 's by Queen and it 's play right now . baby I do not shoot at you . armie you stand by while the blood of we colleague be spilt . that 's red ink for you my friend . 108 . baby glance to the side . there 's a dodge charger nearby . engine run . stereo on . play ' Brighton rock 's . baby I do not want they to get hurt . armie this be fall on deaf ear . just tell we where you colleague be . baby I think that 's he . right there . baby point to the charger . armie and the butcher turn . we see - buddy . in the charger . turn ' Brighton rock 's way up . and on a drum fill , he hit the gas . hard . charge the farmer . listen to Queen . they reach for they weapon , get off some shot before - crunch . buddy mow down two of the three farmer . kill they dead . for real this time . baby and armie be leave stand and shocked . armie pop off a couple of shot at buddy as he slam the charger in reverse and speed backwards to line up with armie , baby and the elevator . he look insane at the wheel . armie grab baby and point he gun at the kid 's head . baby ( cont ’d ) he want I dead too . armie believe he . fuck . buddy punch the gas and tear toward baby and armie . guitar descend into a bridge . buddy plough into the wall . baby make it into the freight elevator . armie do not . he be pin between charger and wall . baby cower in the elevator behind and look over the throbbing hood to see buddy at the wheel . groove to Queen like a crazy man , as snare drum accelerate into a second verse . baby pull out he gun . buddy slam into reverse again . baby fire at buddy as he scream backwards . he hit the windshield a couple of time , but then - 109 . baby 's out . and buddy be back in drive . charge at baby . as harmonize guitar wail , buddy bear down on baby . but instead of retreate further back , he run out of the elevator and toward the charger - freddie MERCURY it would be of no small avail to talk of magic in the air . just as buddy be about to crash into baby and the wall behind , the kid run and jump on to the hood of the car . that 's some Jackie Chan shit right there . buddy crunch into the wall as baby slip over the roof and nimbly sprint in the other direction to he car . buddy can not believe it . he reverse out as baby make it back to he mustang , jump back in . buddy spin around . his car be now pretty gnarled up . he look to see baby back in he mustang . back at the wheel . back in the driver 's seat . but - baby need something important first . as he gun he engine , he grab the CD of Queen 's ' sheer heart attack 's . it be still wrap in plastic . he try to tear it open with he tooth . buddy sense a pause and floor he fuck up charger to ram the mustang in time with the drive Queen chord . baby be still try to unwrap the damn CD with he tooth . he gun the engine and slam into reverse . Hit the gas . buddy chase the reversing baby across the parking lot . baby still unwrap with one free hand , the other on the wheel . baby get the cellophane off . but there 's still the annoying plastic label sealing the case . behind baby - a concrete pillar loom fast in the back up camera . baby snake the mustang , miss the pillar . on a huge G chord . buddy hit the pillar . boom . as Brian May flourish , baby spin the car 180 fast . he also have the first plastic label off . he face buddy again . buddy slam back out from the pillar . swerves to charge . 110 . baby start pick off the other label and reverse again , drive one hand to a crazy guitar solo . he snake it once more , lead buddy directly into the Farmer 's suv . slam . as buddy smashes into the suv , baby pull another 180 on the concrete , burn as Brian May melt he fretboard . baby now have the CD out and pop it into the player . as buddy unwrap he charger from the suv , baby fast forward he copy of ' Brighton rock ' so it be in sync with buddy . buddy can see and hear baby do this and cannot believe it . he 's try to get he killer track play at the same time . two hard bitten criminal with duelling car and stereo . buddy pop backwards fast , but baby , with one hand on he stereo , slam into drive , gun hard as guitar wail . boom . baby clip the charger on the nose . buddy be spun like a bumper car . he come to a stop . strain to see baby behind . he pull back to find baby circle around he like a shark . as Queen play elaborate drum fill , buddy 's charger dance with the mustang to get distance . the kid 's show off . baby still fast forward through ' Brighton rock 's on he stereo as he pull out of the circle and charge forward . a whammy bar hold a growl low note . baby pull another bootlegger turn so that he face buddy again . he 's now in sync with he stereo and he have the hint of a cocky smile . two car , two stereo , one track . the tempo shoot up . buddy floor it . charge baby . baby do not move at first but - as hi hat kick up the pace , he suddenly reverse , scream out of p3 and up the wind slope of the access ramp . over pound guitar , baby reverse faster than you would drive forward . he do not look up , use only the back up camera . glance to see buddy furiously try to keep pace . they circle around the wind ramp , screeching tire echo in the structure and mix in with the ferocious guitar . past p2 , baby keep ascend in reverse at crazy speed . buddy struggle to keep up . gunning he fuck up charger . baby get ahead of the curve , buddy can no longer see he until he explode into pl . there be more car on this level . abandon overnight . 111 . down the aisle , baby 's mustang execute another amazing rockford turn , spin a tight 180 and face forward . buddy gun it and chase , when on another whammy bar note - wham ! baby 's mustang go right into the wall . partially smashes the barrier that separate from a steep drop to p2 . buddy slow . what the fuck ? he pull up to the crash mustang - but baby be not inside . the song be still play . then - as chugge guitar return , we see a figure run past in the background . buddy catch it too . that. Fucking . kid . as the solo guitar chug low and lower , buddy reverse up , look between the park car to see if he can see baby . shadows , glimpsis . amongst the playground of this abandon car , baby lead buddy in a merry dance . buddy pull out he gun . look around the move shadow in the parking lot , aim to see if baby be hide out - on a wail guitar , he swing he gun at - a chubby security guard , who be right in the line of fire , drop he coffee and run right back out of the parking lot . frustrate , buddy swerve to the second aisle of car , determine to smoke out baby . look low on the ground when - headlight switch on . a dormant town car roar into life and ram the charger . boom . buddy be slam into a park car . the town car wind back . slam again . baby be at the wheel . buddy take the second hit , but when he point he gun at the town car , it be already reversing up and just crash into the wall . baby be no longer at the wheel . again , what the - be buddy go mad ? or be baby magic ? here and then go . as the guitar build up again , buddy turn back into the original aisle , the crash mustang now behind he . he look to one side , then the other but not - ahead . drum fill . bass ramp up . headlight flick on . a third car , a big red angry yukon , face he and scream forward . buddy have nowhere to go and no run up . he 's trap . 98 112 . baby be at the wheel , gun the yukon , flooring it . as the song rush to a climax - boom . baby smashes into the charger . boom . the charger slam back into the mustang , which break through the barrier and smashes down to p2. buddy stomp the gas . his tire scream . but the yukon be win the game of shove ; baby push buddy to the edge . buddy raise he gun , fire . baby duck . a clean bullet hole where he head once be . both tire scream . buddy raise to fire again . click . he 's out . game over . the charger tumble over the break barrier , landing upside down on top of the fall mustang . the echo of carnage ring out with the final chord of the song . ' Brighton rock ' end . baby reverse quickly to the exit . then stall . siren can be hear distantly . but baby think . turn . back down to p2 . int . underground parking p2 - moment later 98 baby pull up to the wreckage of buddy 's charger . it rest on top of he crush mustang . the driver door of the trash charge be obscure . we hear the engine hiss and die . baby jump out of he car and reach into the mustang . pull out the Queen and the quincy Jones CD . then hear - a open door chime . baby slowly get up and peer around to the other side of the wreck charger . blood splat on the concrete . the door open . behind he , the SNAP of a new clip . baby turn to see buddy , a hunch up , limping , bleed mess . he be clearly die . his head bleed , he torso red . buddy approach baby , gun aloft . as the color drain from he face , there 's a hint of the buddy from earlier . a smile . buddy what can I say baby ? you do great . you ace it . baby , not sure where this be go , be fix to the spot . buddy ( cont 'd ) but you take away something I love - 113 . buddy be at point blank range . gun aim at baby 's head . buddy ( cont 'd ) so you know I have gotta do the same . bang . buddy open fire right in baby 's ear . bang . buddy fire in the other ear . buddy fall down dead . baby fall down deaf . horrific ringing SOUND . like the tinnitus amplify a million time into a intense , awful whine . baby writhes on the floor . he roll to see buddy 's lifeless face . reflected on he dead skin . Red and blue light . he can not hear the siren , but know the cop be come . baby try to stand , but he balance be off . he tumble , he hand go straight into break glass . he scream , but we cannot hear it over the whine . neither can he . baby struggle to get to he car . his equilibrium all off . all the while the red and blue be get closer baby fall into he car . fumble to start it . the car feel alien . like he cannot operate without sound . baby struggle for the stereo , take the Queen CD out and put it into the CD player . then turn the volume up , up , up - the music start . it 's so loud , it make the rear view mirror shake violently . in it we see , police car turn the corner . baby put one bloody hand on the wheel , one on the speaker in he driver door . feel the vibration of the music and then - hit the gas . scream out of p2 and roaring up the ramp . the Black & whites right behind he . we hear nothing of the car . only the whine in baby 's ear . we see the rear view and wing mirror pulse with the music . the tempo pulse through baby 's hand on the speaker . baby make it back to pl , but a cruiser block the exit . the top level be full of cop . the only way out ? the way in . baby swerve towards the ' severe tire damage 's sign . his tire blow out , but he accelerate into the night , wheel on fire . the cop be too slow to catch he . they struggle to maneuver , as the Pacific ghost disappear up the street . 99 100 114 . the whine linger on as a cop car pull back out onto the downtown street and we see what he see - a empty street . a empty car . a open door . and no baby . int . car — day 99 sunlight . baby be out cold . he look bad . cut , bruise . his damage hand be bandage with whatever rag be in the car . he wake and sit up . he still can not hear . but he can see . the diner . he be park right outside . what be a friendly place before , now feel off . he can not hear a thing . feel a thing . Barry White can not help he now . he see debora . strol into the diner . a pretty girl walk to work , just like the first time he see she . she 's sing along with she ipod again . but baby can not hear what she be sing . baby look to the crack quincy Jones CD , cue up a track . he try to make himself look respectable in the rear view . int . half empty diner - moment later 100 debora be behind she counter , about to start she day . the tv still have non-stop news coverage of the event of the last 24 hour , but again the sound be down . the news report show a artist impression of baby . but no name . he be a mystery man . debora pick up a LA Times also with the sketch of baby on the cover and shake she head . she can not believe it . then - baby walk in . limp . cut. bruise . he seem different . debora freeze . her fellow staff do not see baby yet and do not connect the man from the tv or paper to the one who just calmly walk up to the counter . baby tell debora quietly but firmly . baby let 's go . debora breathes fast . something in the tone of baby 's voice have change . she do not have time to think why . 101 115 . debora go ? baby I want you to come with I . right now . debora , as ever , can not read baby 's face . she glance to see that one hand be firmly in he jacket pocket . be he armed ? debora okay . gimme a second . debora turn away and take a pen out of she hair , quickly scribbles something on she order pad . she leave it on the counter as she walk out of the diner . it read - ' help ? 's int . / ext . car / diner - continuous 101 baby take debora to he car . a batter white ' 95 cadillac eldorado convertible . open the door for she like a gentleman . what 's more , he open with he bad hand , no longer in he jacket . she notice he be not armed , but still get in . baby sit in the driver 's seat . look at debora . she look at he expectantly . he look at she , goofily happy . she look back into the diner . colleague have notice she 's go . and leave with he . and still baby smile back at she . debora be we not in a rush ? baby cock he head , like he do not hear . she repeat . debora ( cont 'd ) be we in a rush ? baby we get all the time in the world . debora do not know how to respond to this . half laugh . baby ( cont ’d ) I have this song I wanna play you . baby press play . huge rise horn . baby reverse out . 102 116 . int . / ext . baby 's car / LA street 102 ' lalo bossa nova 's by quincy Jones . a skip Latin bossa nova beat . cowbell . shaker . tambos . the sun be out . Sky be blue . some cloud ahead . baby play quincy Jones at full volume . he can not hear it , but debora can . it 's brassy , loud , defiantly upbeat . she look at baby 's face . he observe the white line stretch ahead and look calm , happy . he turn to she , ask expectantly . baby do you like it ? debora almost smile , catch herself . what be she do , with the strange kid , who look fuck up , drive off into the horizon ? she be still in the waitress outfit . it 's crazy . debora yes . yes I do . baby do not seem to think anything of it . in fact , we as a audience have never see he happier . he 's beam . debora settles a little , she do not know where they be go , but it be not fast . this be a Sunday afternoon drive , not a getaway . as the song settles into a slow soft tone guitar solo , she find herself look at the scenery . as horn return , she see they first . black & white . in she wing mirror . the glass reverberate with the bass of the loud music , distorting they image . baby see they too . in the rear view . he simply sigh as they begin to crest over on a hill . and then on a mellow sax - road block dead ahead . Police as far as the eye can see . debora gasp . it 's a surprise party . but not a fun one . baby slow . behind , the police car block off the street . all pedestrian and other car have magically vanish . it 's just baby , debora and the cop . baby stop . as he put the stick into reverse , he look to debora . she have she eye tightly close . her finger clutch the ' oh shit 's handle . when she open she eye again , they be wet with moisture . she 's scared . 117 . he do not want she to be scared . he turn the engine off . but , magically , the music continue for we benefit . to debora 's amazement , baby get out of the car and walk toward the cop , hand on he head . quincy Jones have completely take over and we cannot hear the harsh shouting of the police as they approach baby from all side , gun train , bark instruction . on debora , she 's relieved , confuse and ... conflict ? to we the image of the cop approach feel very surreal as , unlike the open credit , the police be the only one in time with the music , approach baby in step with quincy . baby take off he jacket to show he be unarm . with just a T - shirt and jeans on , he look like what he be , a kid . he turn back to she and mouth - baby sorry . the police grab he , throw he violently to the ground and swarm around he . debora can see they be beyond angry . as baby hit the deck , all the instrument drop out and on a four bar drum solo , the cop proceed to kick and punch he . debora jump out the passenger door and scream — debora no ! montage : the follow be set to the supremely upbeat ' lalo bossa nova ' . in this sequence , everyone be in time with the beat , except a beat , bruise and defeat baby . - we see baby 's mug-shot take . - baby in court be sentence . - we see debora on the witness stand . swear a oath . - baby in shackle , walk with other prisoner . - baby on a prison bus drive north . - baby arrive at the big house . - baby be give he new clothes . 103 104 118. - baby walk with a guard down a concrete corridor . - baby be show to he 9 's by 5 's prison cell . he take in he live quarter . his elderly cellmate be roughly the age of Joseph . his new one room apartment . the song fade out . as he sit alone with he thought , we be leave with baby 's buzz of deafness . - time pass . baby navigate prison life . - through the buzz , we see baby focus on anything that have visual rhythm . people do jump jack in the yard . a warden shutting cell door at night . people sparring in the gym . someone mop the floor . - we see he in the machine shop , hypnotize by a metal stamp contraption . other inmate work here wear eye and ear protection . baby only have the protective visor on . he stare at the machine , nodd as if listen to dance music . tries to get lose in the rhythm of the machine . int . baby 's cell - day 103 on baby , sit alone in he cell , stare out to nothing . a guard come past and hand he a envelope . Inside be a postcard with a 5as style illustration of a young couple in a classic convertible , just like the artwork in the diner . also inside , a beautiful , neatly handwritten letter . but first baby notice : the scent . he sniff , inhale the perfume on the letter . when he stop , he cock a ear at the faint sound of burn rubber . int . prison unit - day 104 baby wander out of he cell , letter still in hand . the noise of roaring engine and screeching tire reverberate around the prison hall . it emanate from the tv room . baby enter this communal room , where inmate gather around a 35 inch tv set show the noisy Sunday nascar race . baby see he elderly cellmate sit at the back of the room . he sit down by he . show he the letter . 105 119 . baby what 's this say ? the elderly cellmate peer through thick glass at the fancy handwrite on the letter and blankly intone . elderly cellmate '' hey baby . I be sorry too . I know from court you real name be mile , but I do not know too many mile song so we can stick with baby . deal ? baby stare at the elderly cellmate lip and we magically hear debora 's actual voice as he continue . debora ( v.o ) I find another debora song . it 's by Dave edmund . the lyric say she 's a ' heart break , love make connoisseur 's and frankly she sound like a bad person , so I be discount it . hope this find you okay . maybe drive off another time ? D . '' baby close he eye . hear the sweet music of automobile . ext . prison - day 105 ' baby Driver 's by Simon & garfunkel . baby walk out of the prison gate into the sunshine . wait for he be a smile debora . look adorable but - she be wear 5as dress ; bobby sock , pleate skirt , white blouse , cardigan over the shoulder , just like the young woman in the artwork from the postcard . she stand before a gleam classic convertible , a white 1954 cadillac eldorado . she open the passenger door for baby . baby walk over to the car . he be now also wear 5as clothes , look like the young man from the diner artwork . baby jump in . debora pop it in drive . they kiss and then head out on the open road . credit