é ihis be the real story ... return to the planet of the ape written by Adam rifkin from a story by cassian elwe & Adam rifkin ( 1st ) revision 12-21-88 black ... a distant lonely wind blow , as we roll open credit except the film title fade in on a sandswept desert the midday sun bake down on the hot dune . as far as the eye can see there be nothingness . the blister wind carry wisp of sand across the desert floor . from over the horizon come a figure . the rise heat distort its image . we can barely make out what it be . it ride closer and closer ... it be a lone horseman , however he be still too far to see anything but that ... a woman' voice begin to narrate as he ride . narrator ( vo ) and so the legend begin ... from the dust of another time , another era ... they rise . as the horseman trot closer , he face be shroud in a scarf as protection from the sand and sun . still , we can not see who it be . out of the sand they build a Empire ... they civilization grow fast and strong . the lone horseman draw nearer . he don a military uniform . a machine gun be sling across he back . for themselves they rewrote history and create time itself . they be powerful . they be unstopable . they be ... the Planet of the ape ! the lone horseman come to a abrupt stop . he pull the scarf from he face . it be general izan , the blackest of the black gorilla . the film title burn onto the screen : return to the planet of the ape with snarling tooth and a intense glare General izan put a am's_ ho n ws with a orce of he we @ echoing blare ring throughout the desert . we crane up over izan 's head . from the horizon a impose army of gorillas on horseback make they way across the sandy dune . rudimentary military vehicle accompany the troops . they be a angry look lot . at the same moment from the opposite horizon , a army of chimpanzee , as mighty as the gorilla , charge forward . the gorilla and chimpanzee army collide like two brick wall . there be a explosion of thunder , and the sun disappear from sight ... suddenly a giant billow cloud of blood envelope the sky like a tidal wave of red cast over the fight ... ape slay ape . the blood -re sky soaking all the color from the picture except red itself . we watch the war sear on in slow motion . the on lor ... black and red . narrator ( cont 'd ) there be a day long ago when all ape live in peace . from a aerial view we look down on the embitter battle . but for year a brutal civil war between the gorilla and the chimpanzee tore the very soul of the Planet of the ape apart .... +-- until now ! fade to black ++ as we hear festive music and cheer crowd . fade in ext . ape square - day Bright , brilliant sunshine ... ape Square be the nerve center of the entire ape Empire ... the blood and brain of this unique civilization . it {is the focal point of activity for occasion of social and governmental importance . the mighty Square be line with great stone pillar that reach skyward . today it be alive with the excitement and emotion of peace . the gorilla and the chimpanzee be about to end they savage , bloody civil war . the mass cheer . patriotic anthem fill the alr play by the ape community symphony orchestra all deck in they tuxedoe . on public display be representative of the two oppose side , the gorilla army and the chimpanzee army . at the front of the gorilla army stand general izan . he 's military through and enzough : 5 - 4 1 the spirit and passion of this celebration be ocus on ... the reviewing stand ... a open-air , bleacher - type stone structure . banner and flag decorate the site . seat side by side be minister elizar tafara , the leader of the entire gorilla population , and secretary nebb gurio , he chimpanzee counterpart . they be flanke by invite guest and military aids , all spit - and - polished in they dress uniform . amongst the dignitary sit the three high court judge ... they be the eldest member of the ape community , and the only three orangutan leave in existence . the chief judge , dr . zantheus , impressive in he long black judicial robe , approach the giant ramshorn - like megaphone . he hold out he long arm to silence the crowd . dr . zantheus fellow anthropoid ... I stand before you today with a most inflate sense of pride . dr zantheus ( cont 'd ) this day be truly a shine monument that will go down in we history for all of ape and apekind . applause roll like thunder . dr zantheus ( cont 'd ) countless life have be senselessly sacrifice to the thunder storm of civil war . for 2 be be but now I can see the sun shine through the cloud . once again gorilla and chimpanzee will live in harmony ... the ape population explode into pandemonious cheer . gurio and tafara step to the megaphone . tafara be a impose gorilla . his chest be decorate with a legion of military ornament . gurio , though smaller , still present a confident posture . he wear a patch over one eye . Dr Zantheus hold up a scroll . it as the long await peace treaty . dr . zantheus ( cont ) I present to you Minister elizar tafara and Secretary nebb gurio , two ape of peace . tafara ( bellow out ) thank you , Dr. Zantheus , secretar gurio ... as Commander of the gorilla force I speak for all the brave gorilla who have fight so valiantly under the brilliant military leadership of we General izan . today we extend the hand of friendship to we brother ape , the chimpanzee . tafara salute gurio . they wave to the cheer mass . gurio chimpanzee have always be advocate of peace , and so I sign this treaty with great hope , and vow that never again shall any ape fight against he brother . embrace the moment the symphony strike up a rouse political tune . ceremoniously Dr. Zantheus unravel the scroll . two dignitaries step up to the lecturn and each hand gurio and tafara a special pen . simultaneously gurio and tafara sign the treaty . enthusiastically Dr. Zantheus hold the sign document above he head . the music swell with patriotism . everyone on the review stand be on they foot applaud vigorously . gurio and tafara extend they hairy hand to each other . ina final gesture of peace , this historic handshake will solidify a future of hope , when , suddenly ... bang ! bang !! bang !!! bang !!! gunfire rip through the reviewing stand like a bolt of lightening . tafara 's face explode off he skull as bullet riddle he flesh . gasp and scream of terror echo from the crowd . a bullet shatter gurio' shoulder . Three chimpanzee bodyguard throw he to the ground behind the podium . they shroud he body . bullet tear into they back . general izan and he renegade gorillas shoot viciously into the reviewing stand killing gorillas and chimpanzee like fly . the burst from izan 's machine gun flash like strobe light . dr . zantheus fall to the ground clutching he bloody chest . shock and horror bulge he eyeball . his nervous system explode into one final convulsion before death . mass confusion abound . there be no escape from izan 's unexpected rampage . ape scatter in all direction . a stream of bullet riddle through the symphony . Instruments and musician fly helter- skelter . tafara' corpse hang over the podium . blood pour from he head . chimpanzee soldier grab gurio from underneath the pile of dead bodyguard . they wisk he off the review stand , disappear into the confusion . izan , in a bravado display of hulkish strength and ego , leap onto the review stand . he reach under tafara 's bloody corpse , and yank out the peace treaty . holding it skyward , it drip with tafara 's blood . with a heart stop roar , he scream into the megaphone . izan there will be no peace until the gorilla rule this planet ! izan then tear the peace treaty apart and shoot into the air . any hope for a end to the civil war have now be single handedly destroy by I [ zan . I will own this planet !! time lapse dissolve to ape square ... all the crowd be go . the burn and bullet - shred flag flap silently . the distant rumble of cannon fire can be hear , a grim reminder that deep in the desert the war rage on . a clean - up crew of human slave sweep the debris leave from the massacre . human being in the ape community be regard as animal . they do not speak and be seemingly mindless . each slave 's ankle be bound in chain . military gorillas keep a watchful cruel eye on the labor force . the crack of a whip across a slave 's back be the main deterent to sluffing off . dissolve to life in the ape CITY for the first time we see life as it evolve on a daily basis . the ape civilization be almost reminiscent of ancient Rome . busy narrow street line with stone building wind and weave throughout . the street be frenzied with bazaar and vendor . gorilla troops can be see on almost every corner . the gorilla have the city occupy and take pleasure in intimidating the civilian ape . ocassionally motorize military wagon make they way down the crowded claustrophobic street . all slave labor be do by the human under the watchful eye and crack whip of the gorilla . from the middle of a city street we crane up above the roof top look far into the desert which surround the city . there we see a distant battle be rage . the mortar fire and explosion ring louder and louder ... battle thunder audio bridge as we CUT to a_motorize military wagon sit ominously on the desert sand . tt lie in wait in the blaze noonday sun like a spider ready to snag a fly , when all of a sudden ... a Al k hairy hand reache to the pictu a ck the vehic off the ground . the sound of battle fade out as we ... pull back to reveal we be not actually in the desert , but at inan' strategy table , which sit in the middle of ... int . gorilla tactical planning room - day the gorilla war room be a mess . Broken chair and document be strewn about . giant map line the wall . on one side there be a massive stone desk . the nameplate atop it read : general izan . stand at the strategy table be izan with several of he battle commander and war advisor . the table be a miniature battlefield . there be no doubt izan be in control . everyape wait patiently as izan amuse himself . he throw he toy vehicle onto the table , make explosion noise with he big gorilla lip . izan okay , now where be we ? commander # 1 well siz , with a fully equip attack force take the hill we probably will not face any substantial casualty , which should more than compensate for the loss suffer in the southeastern zone last week - end . as the Commander babbles on , izan 's brow furrow . he slowly begin to pace behind Commander # 1 . commander # 1 ( cont 'd ) unfortunately we be catch with we pants down , sir as the chimp mount a surprise attack on we before most of the company have awaken , sir . it be only lucky that we ... izan we suffer loss in the southeastern zone and nobody tell I ? commander # 1 well sir , in a manner of speak . however ... izan take he machine gun and unexpectedly , whack , he strike the Commander in the back of the head like a baseball player . the Commander fall to the ground . izan caught with we pants down ? izan beat he with the butt of he gun . izan I be try to win a war here and I do not have time for incompetence ! I hate suffer loss ! I hate suffering loss !! at that moment there {s a commotion in the hall . the door burst open . a chimpanzee come rush in follow by two brutish gorilla private chase after he . the private seize the intruder and tackle he to the ground . izan what the hell 's go on here ? as the private yank the chimp to he foot , we see he be cornelius . cornelius unhand I ! unhand I at once ! private # 1 sorry General izan , sir . this little chimp get away from we for a second . we will take he out back and shoot he right away . as the private drag cornelius across the floor ... cornelius General izan , please , I beg a moment of you time ! my name be cornelius . I be the head of the simiantarian peace Organization , and what I have to say concern cornelius ( cont 'd ) the destiny of all simian life as we know it . izan wait ! the private stop in they track . I know who you be . you all remember cornelius , the chimp who be laugh out of he psychology and archeology position for he absurd theory on anthropoid history ? the gorilla laugh at cornelius . cornelius that be I , sir . izan have sport with cornelius . izan not on some street corner today make that ridiculous speech about rights for . human or equality for all ape ? cornelius no General , sir . I do not mean to be disrespectful , but it seem to I you be lead this Empire on a road to self - destruction . please hear I out . please . izan come here . cornelius , scared but determine , approach izan . you have a lot of gut , you little chimp . bither that or you be just very stupid . ( laugh ) what say we hear this chimp 's last word ? we could all use a good laugh . all the gorilla laugh with izan . cornelius thank you . General izan , if you continue with this bloody civil war ... i£ you do not put down you weapon now and come to some peaceful agreement with the chimpanzee , and with yourselves ... you be go to cornelius ( cont 'd ) annihilate all life as we know it , just as be do before , when human rule the Planet ! izan human rule the planet ? that 's the funniest thing I have ever hear ! they be animal . cornelius they do not use to be . they bury they entire race by fight each other , just like the ape be do , General . ( plead ) do not you see , if it happen once it can happen again . if you do not open you eye to the truth now , it will be too late . and then my son and all the other child will not be give a chance to grow up , because we do not give ourselves a chance to get along . the room go dead-still . izan think pensively , then ... izan kill he ! they all laugh as the private pull cornelius towards the door . cornelius General , you be make a grave mistake . why do you think the forbidden Zone be forbidden to ape ? it offer proof of what I say . I can prove the human civilization exist . I can prove that human destroy themselves . ( desperately ) I can bring you proof ! still entertained by this absurdity , izan call out . tzan hold it ! hold it ! what kind of proof ? cornelius proof of a human race that destroy itself before we . proof that will open you eye . proof that ape evolve from man ! hysterical laughter explode . izan this I gotta see ! the private let go of cornelius ' shoulder . with trepidation he continue . cornelius General izan , if I go to the forbidden Zone and bring you this proof , will you consider the consequesc of what I say ? izan ( with no sincerity ) yeah , yeah , yeah ! bring I you proof . cornelius thank you , General . oh , thank you . as cornelius near the door , I [ zan shout to he . izan cornelius ? cornelius yes . izan pick up the limp corpse of Commander # 1 from the floor and heave it over he head at cornelius . thud . the dead gorilla land at cornelius ' foot . cornelius be mortify . izan good luck . all the gorilla belly laugh with vigor . cornelius run from the war room as fast as he can . the laughter grow and echoe , as we audio bridge to ext . inan' gorilla war build - same time cornelius burst out of the door and into the street . the laugh still echoe in he head . he stop in the middle of the road . clutch he hand over he ear , he attempt to muffle the demonic laughter , which drown out the city sound around he dissolve to ext . desert ~- daybreak cornelius ride along the desert dune to the backdrop of a vast expanse . his 3 year old son , pax , share the saddle with he . to he leave faint gunfire can be hear in the distance . dissolve to the heat of day . cornelius and pax cross the hot sand search , hope . the white sun bake down on this determine traveler . dissolve to 10 . night have fallen as cornelius and pax warm themselves at a small campfire he have build . pax Father ? cornelius yes pax . pax why be some ape good and some ape mean ? cornelius I do not know . maybe someday we can figure that out together . dissolve to the SUN sit high in the sky . cornelius and pax search on . dismount they look around . a glimmer of something catch pax 's eye . pax pick it up and hand it to he father . it be a arrowhead . cornelius look around for other sign of life , but see nothing . no one . he sigh with disappointment . have they come ali this way for naught ? it look like it . he lift pax onto e saddle . cornelius well pax , it appear as if we have no place else to look . shall we go home ?... I do hope I do not hang for this . cornelius be just about to remount he horse , when suddenly ... a sack be thrust over cornelius ' head from behind . two human drag a kick and scream cornelius across the desert sand as a third grab pax . they all disappear into a hole in the desert floor . one of the human pull a boulder in over the hole to conceal the open . the five be go without a trace . a soft wind wisp across the sand . cornelius 's horse stand alone . underground tunnel - same time at a frenzied speed the human drag cornelius and pax through a seemingly endless , claustrophobic , subterranean labyrinth . they muffle scream be undiscernable . the artery wind like a underground corkscrew . one of the human carry a torch which cast weird shadow along the cramped wet wall . fast . they move through the passage like blood through a vein . finally ... they emerge in what appear to be ... int . ancient new york subway station - same time the three human pull cornelius and pax through this fossil that be once a part of the great New York City . torch line the crack tile wall . they race ... past a old overturn subway car . through the decrepit turnstyles . along the smashed and break platform . they vanish into the darkness . will . the burlap hood be pulled from cornelius ' head . he struggle but cannot move . the human have tie he to a chair with pax on he lap . cornelius untie we ! what be the meaning of this ? untie we ! in a SMALL dark room off to one side of the subway track , cornelius struggle to free himself . the human run from the room . cornelius ( cont 'd ) wait ! wait ! where be you go ? cornelius look around nervously . his emotion be a mixture of curiosity and fear . pax hug he tightly around the neck . cornelius ( cont 'd ) oh dear ... do not be frighten pax . he stare out the doorway at the subway track . he 's never see anything like this before , then ... cornelius ' eye widen as he hear a noise . outside the doorway the silhouette of a small human child run by . the child giggle . suddenly ... the silhouette of a large human man step into the doorway . he carry a rifle . although cornelius can not see he face , he know the man be stare directly at he . the silhouettes of two human child play at the man 's ankle . slowly the man walk forward ... cornelius 's heart pound in he throat . sweat bead on he brow . the man step into a shaft of light . his face become illuminate . cornelius grin with relief . he can not believe he eye . it _is_ taylor . cornelius ( overcome ) Taylor ! Taylor its stunne . taylor cornelius ? cornelius be that you ? Taylor run to untie they .. cornelius Taylor , thank goodness you be alive . the two embrace like the old friend that they be . taylor I think I would never see you again . 12 . cornelius I can not tell you how happy I be to find you after all this year . taylor well , you sure be a sight for sore eye . cornelius I have miss you , my friend . taylor I be so sorry about the welcome . I just have no idea it be you . ( look to pax ) be this you son ? cornelius yes , this be pax . the three child all eye each other skeptically . the little boy tug at Taylor 's leg . it be he 3 year old son , duke . cornelius and who do we have here ? Taylor scoops Duke up into he arm . taylor cornelius , I would like you to meet my son , Duke . I name he after John Wayne . cornelius who ? taylor ( chuckle ) never mind . Duke this be my old friend , cornelius . cornelius well , hello . duke hl . cornelius oh , he speak . taylor of course . cornelius look down at the little girl . cornelius and hello down there to you too . 13 . taylor cornelius , pax , this 1s Duke 's little friend , Ariel . ariel you look funny . cornelius and Taylor look at each other and laugh . int . subway coffee shop - later the remnant of a once bustling commuter breakfast spot be now a ancient ruin . the formica counter be warpe . the wall be chip . and , the cushion on the chair have fade to dust . Taylor have fashioned it into he dining room . cornelius and Taylor sit in a booth feast vegetarian-style . Duke , Ariel , and pax play on the track . cornelius «.. I look around and see what have become of you civilization , and know this {s what 's in store for ours if something be not do . I beg you , Taylor , you be we only hope . taylor but I do not understand what I can do . I be only one . and a human to boot . why would he listen to I ? cornelius because you be proof that it have happen before . live proof of a culture that be completely destroy by fight itself . taylor look , my civilization fight a thousand war before one of they finally blow everything up . cornelius but Taylor how can you suggest the ape take the same path as the human ? you better than anyone know the grizzly consequence . playfully , Duke and Ariel run to Taylor . he take they in he arm and place one on each knee . pax run to cornelius . taylor cornelius , listen , I understand why you be scared , but I have a responsibility here . Duke have already lose he mother . what if he be to lose I too ? 14 . cornelius we have a lot in common , my friend . hore than a f€lrst glance might tell . cornelius look at Duke and as a father himself he feel deeply for Taylor 's circumstance . he suddenly realize he have put Taylor in a compromise position . cornelius ( cont 'd ) say no more . I understand ... now show I around this ... what you call a subway . Taylor oblige he old friend . Duke , Ariel , and pax run off to play . Taylor walk behind the archaic counter . next to what be once a cash register , Taylor pick up a object . taylor let I teach you a little something about the twentieth century . Taylor toss the object to cornelius . he 's a good catch . cornelius what 's this ? taylor it 's a package of twinkies . a very integral part of human existence . cornelius examine it curiously . go ahead . eat it . it have a shelf life of over three thousand year . cornelius rip open the cellophane . he take a bite . it 's still fresh . he like it . taylor come with I cornelius . I think you might find this interesting . in a SMALL room off to one side Taylor show cornelius a unexpected sight ... a classroom in progress . a teacher be teach a group of about S human how to speak . taylor since I have be live in the forbidden Zone I have teach a group of people some basic , speak , read , think for themselves . they be all very fast learner . cornelius how positively wonderful . taylor there 's more . 1s . int . taylor's makeshift office - same time Old decrepit chair and vinyl couch line the filthy wall . there be a rotted desk that Taylor obviously use for he own . from out of a desk drawer Taylor take three large handbound , handwritten book . History book . cornelius book ? taylor History book . a chronicle of the human existence as I can recall it . cornelius thumb through one of the book . cornelius this be fascinating . taylor every night I write a few page . thing I be teach in school , from tv , movie ... I really miss movie . my favorite be " Ben hur " . ( seriously ) I have be rack my brain try to remember history as it occure . I can not let it be forget . cornelius you have write so much . I have no idea the human have this much history to tell . taylor cornelius , I have only scratch the surface . we great library be stack from floor to ceiling with thousand of volume of book , and even they be not able to tell it all . I be amaze at myself for have remember this much already . cornelius you son be lucky to have such a father . taylor he 's why I start write this . so the history of the human will not be forget . so my child and all the child can read about it for generation to come ... Taylor stop . he think about what he have just say . +--generation to come . dissolve to 16 . int . league of anthropoid nation build - day the General Assembly room of the League of anthropoid Nations be a hot-be of confrontation . the room be circular . seat by rank on multi-level riser be both warring faction . the chimpanzee occupy one side of the room . the gorillas the other side . nebb gurio , leader of the chimpanzee force , sit ina position of control mid-way up the wall of he soldier . izan be at the other side of the room opposite gurio . seat in a booth high atop everyone , the two remain orangutan judge spectate . word fire back and forth like gunfire . gurio you be mad ! you be utterly mad ! there 's no reason with a barbarian ! izan the time for reason have long be over ! if you want a single chimpanzee to ever walk the Planet again , you will surrender now . chimpanzee commander we will never surrender ! izan then you be commite suicide ! gurio you be commite genocide ! izan I £ight to win ! gurio democracy will win out . oppression can never sustain itself . izan laugh . gorilla commander democracy be for the weak ! chimpanzee general power to the chimpanzee !! gurio why can not you be more like tafara ? he understand what it mean to want peace and equality . gorilla general you chimpanzee be doom ! doom ! izan i_spit on tafara ! he spit . suddenly izan 's eye dart to the center of the room . 17 a veil of silence fall over the ape as they stare with izan ... there stand cornelius . he hold pax in one arm and Taylor 's hand -written history book under he other arm . cornelius we be all doom !! tzan ( snidely ) well , well , well ... what have we here ? the little chimp from last week . gurio cornelius , you do not belong here . take pax and leave at once before you get hurt . two gorilla guard close in on cornelius . cornelius ( cry out ) wait ! wait ! I have the proof I promise you General izan . ( hold up the book ) I have you proof ! izan howl . this { 1s some fun ! the guard make a grab for cornelius . he shield pax . izan wave off he ape . izan oh yeah ! oh yeah , my proof . ( to everyone ) now get this ... cornelius here promise I he could prove that thousand of year ago human rule this planet . human no less ! for once the warring gorilla and chimpanzee have something to laugh at together . not even lizard or dog . something we could almost believe ... but human ! cornelius put pax down . he raise the book high above he head . cornelius I bring you book . Hand -written book . this book chronicle the history of man as it be remember . izan what kind of proof be that ? book ? cornelius if you read they you will see . they tell all about life before ... 18 izan I do not care what they tell ! how do I know you do not write they ? how do I know they be not the rambling of some craze chimpanzee imagination . a ugly murmur start to build in the room . gurio cornelius you have go too far this time . izan this bore I . you have you chance cornelius ... Guards ! kill he ! the gorilla cheer . panic seize the chimp . the guard move towards cornelius . pax cling to he father , fear on he little ace . cornelius t£ you will not believe the book , perhaps you will believe the human who write they ! all at once the entire League room gasp . confident and proud Taylor enter the chamber . the guard freeze . silence . izan you dare to bring a human into the beague of anthropoid Nations Building ?!! taylor cornelius do not bring I . I want to come . shock bounce off the wall . every ape 's jaw drop . cornelius fellow ape , this be my friend Taylor . taylor it 's be a long time since I have be amongst ape . how do you all do ? izan this be a hoax ! get this ventriloquist and he dummy out of here ! the guard be too spook to move . taylor you must be General izan . I have hear a lot about you General . 19 . izan guard !! cornelius step forward ... the guard be hesitant . cornelius please General , you have never hear a human speak before . why do not you listen to what he have to say ? gurio I want to hear what he have to say ! izan sit motionless . he peer down at Taylor with a evil eye . izan amuse 'mee !! Taylor take a deep breath . all ape eye be on he . taylor I be not a hoax General . I be not a trick . I have not be train to mock language like a parrot . I ama human be , and as much as you ape want to hide from the truth , there be a day when human rule this entire planet . there be some snicker bounce about the room . sure , it 's funny , I know . but why do not zou ask the orangutan ? they know it 's true . they write you sacred scroll and have be keep the human existence secret from the moment ape stand upright . Taylor point to the orangutan sit up in the booth . one hide he face in he hand . what be you afraid of ? do not you realize by turn you head from the past and ignore history , you be doom to repeat it ? a uneasy calm envelope the room . Taylor continue . there be a time when man have the knowledge and power to clean the ocean , cure the sick , feed the hungry , and fly to the star . that 's how I get here . I be a astronaut . I fly through space and time in a machine that human build . I know this must seem hard to believe . you may very well be ask yourselves , if such a great civilization do exist , where {s it 20 . taylor ( cont 'd ) now ? well , I be all that be leave . you see , with all the wonderous thing that human could do , we have one fatal flaw . the inability to share . the unwillingness to cooperate . the refusal to look upon each other as equal . man 's great downfall can be define as simply as petty greed . and it be that greed , that insidious thirst for power that lead we to war after war after war . and each war be the war to end all war ... until finally one war end everything !..... ee eeeene I beg you , for the sake of you race , do not make the same mistake we make . learn from we stupidity . learn from we selfishness . and rise higher than man ever dreamt possible . it 's not too late . it can never be too late . you can hear a pin drop . izan slowly stand . he remove he hat . his expression be introspective and absorb . suddenly ... izan pull a pistol from he side . he point it at gurio . blam ! a single bullet blow gurio 's forehead apart . his limp body flail back . a arc of red follow . the warlord be shocked . Taylor be mortify . izan here 's you peace and cooperation , right here !! izan a hi tch . in one vicious assault , the guard grab Taylor and cornelius . a third guard yank pax out of cornelius 's hand . the baby scream . cornelius ( frantic ) pax ! pax ! no-o-o-o!!! izan ( shouting ) the human parrot be right . there can be no more war . that 's why I be declare it over ! [ win ! the gorilla win ! the gorilla be in charge , for now and always ! the gorilla explode with joy . the chimpanzee be in utter chaos . they have be completely startle by izan 's violent coup d'etat . a enraged chimpanzee general shriek out to izan . chimpanzee general the chimpanzee will never succumb to the way of the gorilla ! chimpanzee will never yield . we will never ... 21 . izan cut he off in mid-sentence by shoot he . the chimpanzee General fall forward . his corpse tumble all the way down the multi-level platform and hit the ground with a sick thud . pandemonium race through the League room . cornelius and Taylor struggle to break free from the guard 's grasp , but can not . pax eries . izan leap to he foot , over the desk , and all the way down to the floor . he shout at the top of he lung , riddling the ceiling with he machine gun bullet . bit of stone and smoke shower down . tzan silence ! silence ! there be no power great than I ! a chimpanzee voice all the power in the world can not change a single chimpanzee into a monster like you . tzan we will see about that . izan 's eye dart around the room . he spot the guard hold young pax . lik vulture izan grab pax the skin on ck of h neck . cornelius no-0-0-0-o-0-0-0-0oflliiiitt whack ! the guard slam he fist against cornelius 's face ! Taylor battle to free himself , but cannot escape the vice - grip of the guard . izan hold pax over he head display he to everyone . izan here this ! I will raise this chimpanzee as my son ! I will train he to be as mighty as any gorilla you have ever know ! be forewarn that one day the successor to my throne will be this chimpanzee ! and will this penetal ah be just like I ! cornelius no , please , no ! pax ... pax ! no-o-o! taylor let he go , you maniac ! maniac ! izan hang that human scum ! a raucous cheer race through the gorilla . Taylor 's panicked eye widen . he be hoist over the head of the blood - thirsty gorilla like a football hero . 22 . izan ( cont 'd ) to the gallow ! hoot and holler the gorilla charge out of the League room lead by izan , who still hold pax . Taylor , helplessly suspend on the shoulder of the mob , disappear out the door like a twig be wash away in a flood . ext . league of anthropoid nation build - same time / day the ape pour out into the street . izan lead the rabid crowd to the gallow . the group swell with curious bystander ape , who follow the soldier . at the gallow ... a permanent eyesore that sit in the middle of town . horde of wild - eye ape gather around the often use execution spot . izan catapult onto the gallow platform . a hood henchape stand next to he . the rope dangle ... a disraught cornelius struggle helplessly in the arm of two neanderthal - like guard . as Taylor be be carry by , he reach out and grab cornelius 's outstretch hand . cornelius I be sorry Taylor . I be sorry . I be so sorry . taylor raise my son . raise hima if he be you own . they hand be yank apart by the current of the move crowd . the henchape secure the noose around Taylor 's neck ! izan fellow ape ... in my first official act as Supreme ruler of the Empire of the ape , I declare the death of this freak of nature ! any final word human ? with resolve Taylor look steely - eye at izan . taylor you bastard ! Taylor 's voice echoe out through space . izan grab the lever from the henchape . yank . the trap door drop . crack . Taylor 's neck snap . for a moment the only sound we hear be the creak of the rope . cornelius close he eye and drop he head , then ... jubilance explode . all the gorilla start to chant ... all the gorillas hang cornelius / cornelius next / cornelius , cornelius ... izan not not cornelius ! cornelius will not die ! death would be too easy for he . I want cornelius to live a 23 . izan ( cont 'd ) long , long life ... and everyday I want he to remember that this child ... ( hold up pax ) this son of mine be now a gorillal ... cornelius , I banish you to the forbidden Zone never to return ! and 1 f£ you ever come back , I will kill pax . Guards ! escort cornelius out of the city . as the guard take cornelius away , tear stream down he face ... cornelius p-a-a-ax ... remember I . always remember I be you real father ... I be you real father ! pax wave good - bye to cornelius as izan gloat . dissolve to a montage encapsulating the next twenty year the familiar voice of the female narrator from the beginning carry we through time . it be the voice of Ariel . duke , 5 , run happily across the desert . he giggle playfully . ariel ( vo ) «.. and so Duke grow to love cornelius like he would he own father . he raise he well . Duke run into cornelius ' loving arm . Ariel , 5 , run up to Duke . they romp together with cornelius look on . dissolve to the SUN be half - way set on the horizon . a brilliant hue of lavender color the sky . cornelius , Ariel , Duke , and four other young child , 3 boy and a girl , be silhouett against the sunset . they walk gingerly . the child do kid thing , throw rock into the air , shuffle sand with thelr foot . ariel ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) as far back as we can remember cornelius fire we imagination with art , and storey , and song . he tell we what it mean to be human ... he fill we with image of the time from which Duke 's father come ... and every night he would read to we from the book Taylor write about the history of man . dissolve to 24 . under a big desert tree cornelius read from the history book Taylor hand write . Ariel and Duke listen eagerly . they be now nine year old . seat under the tree with they be they friend dara , charlie , albert , jonas , and a few adult human . cornelius ..- and so the ship they claim be unsinkable slip under the icy water . some say the band continue to play all the way to the bottom of the ocean ... everyone sit mesmerize . dissolve to the underground subway a archeologist 's dream . it be evident cornelius have be excavate artifact from the past out of the subway ruin . line the subway floor be many everyday item from twentieth century life . eyeglass . dish . a container of liquid paper . a phonograph record . false tooth ... too many thing to list . Ariel and Duke and a group of human be busy digging up yesterday with no ariel ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) we also learn about the past through archeology . this be cornelius ' favorite thing to do , and we always find lot of neat thing . Duke and Ariel run to cornelius with a oddity . a old toilet seat with it 's attach cover . none of this human have ever see one before . the toilet they use be merely hole dig in the ground . duke at 9 cornelius , cornelius , look what we find . ariel at 9 what be it ? cornelius curiously examine the object . he put the toilet seat around he neck . the seat cover rest upright against the back of he head . cornelius it appear to have be some sort of ceremonial headdress . dissolve to a shack be construct near a clump of tree . cornelius , Duke , Ariel , Charlie , dara , Albert , jonas , George the teacher , and other human work together to build the dwelling . other simple shack can be see in the b.g. dotting the desert landscape . 25 . ariel ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) we learn hate be a disease that corrupt the mind and rot the soul . he tell we about a weird and evil concept call war , and share that violence be no way of express one 's point of view . as they hammer away Ariel glance to she side . she catch the eye of Duke , who smile and quickly turn he head . she smile , coyly . they continue work . Young Albert come up behind Duke and tease he . albert at 9 du-u- ke 's in love . du -u- ke 's in love . Duke swing around embarrassed and angry . duke at 9 I be not ! albert yes you be . yes you be . yes you be . Duke tackle Albert to the ground and the two fight like alley cat . the other kid edging they on . cornelius rush over and break up the fight and scold they both . dissolve to night blanket the desert ... cornelius once again read from the wonderful book of history . a campfire illuminate he face as he speak . listen intently be Ariel , Duke , and a handful of other human . Ariel sit close to Duke . they tease each other with thing that teens do like . cornelius '' people faint leave and right and have to be carry off by police . nobody have ever see anything like it before . they change the world forever ... «+ the Beatles be the most exciting group to ever hit music and culture ... dissolve to a targe ? painted on the side of a tree ... a bullet pierce the bullseye . Dead center . Duke , still a teen - ager , smile at he perfect aim . he cock the rifle again . just as he take aim , the gun be yank out of he hand . cornelius throw the gun to the ground . Duke and cornelius obviously disagree on this concept . 26 . ariel ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) Duke have a will of he own and often argue with cornelius about the gun . although Duke hear cornelius 's mind -over - muscle speech a million time , he still want to learn how to defend himself . dissolve to cornelius sit on a seat in a subway car . he weep into he hand . unbeknownst to he , Duke and Ariel peer into one of the subway car window . they quietly watch cornelius . ariel ( vo ) ( cont 'd ) we learn about cornelius ' home , the Empire of the ape . and we know how he yearn to go back to see he own son , pax . dissolve to the desert at golden hour ... Duke and Ariel be horserace with each other . they move in slow motion . the muscle of the horse ripple . for the first time we see they as young adult . they ride bareback . gracefully gallopping through space . Duke take the lead . Ariel gain fast . look over he shoulder , Ariel laugh as she pass he up . she win . the slow motion resume to normal speed as they jump from they horse . Duke kick a rock . he be visibly upset . yet again Ariel outdoe he . ariel ( laugh ) what 's the matter Duke ? you get too old ? duke that 's it ! Duke take out after Ariel . a playful chase ensue . she giggle as dust kick up from they heel . he lunge at she , tackle she to the ground . as they wrestle around they laugh . Duke pin Ariel down . they be out of breath and stare into each other 's eye . then they smile fade almost as if they be see each other for the first time . they stare for a long moment . suddenly the spell be break by a voice . it be Duke 's best friend charlie , young and rougishly handsome . charlie Duke , Ariel , come quickly . Duke and Ariel jump to they foot ignore that they " moment " occur . Charlie stand in the sand call to they . 27 . charlie ( cont 'd ) Duke , Ariel , it 's ready . it 's ready . come on . Duke and Ariel catch up with Charlie as the three of they run off together . on the other side of the ridge the human gather to watch the birth of they new irrigation system . although it look very primitive it will do the trick in water they small but valuable crop . cornelius , now white haire , stand at a rudimentary look pump that stick out of the sand . next to he stand GEORGE . we recognize George as the teacher from 20 year ago . now older and wiser . cornelius my friend , no longer will we have to hope for rain to keep we crop alive . with this ... Duke , Ariel , and Charlie come run over the ridge . duke , ariel , charlie wait . wait for we . cornelius well , it 's about time . the three join the group . Charlie run to stand with he girlfriend , dara . they kiss . Duke and Ariel watch the affection . they glance at each other , then quickly look away . cornelius with this amazing invention it will rain on we crop when we want it to . since George here invent this wonder , I feel it only natural that George , you , should do the honors . GEORGE thank you cornelius . George start to pump . everyone stare with anticipation . George pump vigorousy but no water come out . suddenly sand pour from the spout . George seem dumbfounded . duke do it harder George . George be already out of breath . everybody look very disappointed . 28 , GEORGE I do not understand what go wrong . duke come on Charlie . Duke and Charlie step forward to volunteer they service . they both take hold of the lever and pump with all they might . then , a ever-so- small drop of water trickle from the open follow by ... splash , a stream of water rush out of the spout . everyone applaud and cheer . several of the excited human follow the water . they run along the wooden trough as the water flow to the garden . furrow in the ground along side the newly plant seed £ 111 with water . Charlie and dara embrace . Duke grab Ariel and spin she around . they be bask in a emotional moment of friendship , a friendship that be evolve . all the human be hugging each other and rejoice . int . underground subway - day time have expand the archeological wonder . handmade shelf with a countless array of artifact line the main room of the subway station . they be all label and categorize . year of excavation have result in elaborately dig tunnel . work crews be assign to various position : the excavator dig tunnel and find artifact in the soil and rock . the artifact cleaning and restoring crew carefully brush the dirt from every nook and cranny of a artifact . they use hand - make brushes of horsehair tie to the end of stick and spoon , etc . the labeling and categorize team , lead by cornelius , try to figure out what the artifact be and how they be use . albert and jonas , two friend of Duke , come run to cornelius with a newly find item . we recogize it as a barber shop pole . they do not know what the hell it be . jonas cornelius quickly . albert it 's heavy . cornelius ( rush to help ) heavens , that 's fascinating . put it down gently now . ( ponder ) most unusual . for what purpose could this item have possibly serve man ? 29 . albert could be a old weird kinda tree . jonas a tree ? maybe you hit a ball with it ? cornelius I wonder . a whole crew of young human be digging through a wall . on the team be Duke , Charlie , and Ariel . Ariel be at one end while Charlie and Duke dig at the other end . every few second Duke stop digging and stare at Ariel . everytime Ariel look in Duke 's direction he quickly start to excavate . Charlie watch he for a while then start to chuckle . charlie I know that look . duke what look ? charlie that look you be always look at Ariel with . duke I do not know what you be talk about . I be not give she any look . charlie why fight it . you be fall in love . dara and I be in love . it 's great . duke falling in love with Ariel ? she 's like my sister . charlie Brothers do not look at sister the way you look at Ariel . at that moment they break through a portion of the wall behind which {s a open space . duke Charlie , look at this . Duke and Charlie feverishly dig the rest of the dirt away from the open with they hand . Duke push he way through it and stumble . he fall forward landing flat on the ground . Duke look up and ds_h ce with a_ske Duke scream . everybody run to see what have happen . they be all concerned , except Charlie , who be laugh . Ariel smile at Duke 's baffoonery . Duke start to laugh as well . cornelius come run over to see what have happen . 30 , cornelius what 's wrong ? what 's wrong ? I hear a scream . ariel it 's nothing cornelius . Duke just make a new friend , that 's all . cornelius grab a lantern and walk through the open . he lift it above he head . the darkness illuminate to reveal ... a cave - like cavity in which rest a perfectly perserve portion of ... a new york CITY STREET ... cornelius and Duke gasp , they eye wide as saucer . this little , vacuum - pack , underground air bubble have freeze in time . cover with stalagtite and stalagmite , but still intact be the bottom of some building . there be car , streetlamp , and a old corner newsstand . everyone walk through the open to see . amazing . ariel what be it ? cornelius ( overcome ) History . they all walk onto the street and breathe 2000 year old air . ceremonial music audio bridge the crop be beginning to grow . it be springtime in the forbidden Zone . the music fill the air . it be come froma short distance away where a wedding be in progress . everyone be in attendance . it be the golden hour a SMALL band of three human play the music with very rudimentary instrument they fashioned out of other object from underground . cornelius be conduct the ceremonious union of Charlie and dara . she wear a wreath of flower in she hair . Duke and Ariel have a hard time keep they eye off of each other as this occasion be stir up feeling inside of they . cornelius and so you go forth live and loving as one . May you have many child . May you always be happy . you may now embrace you mate as a symbol of you togetherness forever . Charlie and dara hug and kiss as everybody cheer . CUT to 31 . dancing , music , merriment . this small section of desert be alive with happiness and joy . everyone dance in a big circle hold hand . the bride and groom dance in the center . the custom be for only one couple to be in the middle at a time . cornelius jump into the center and cut in . Charlie join the circle as cornelius dance with dara . then Albert break in and dance with cornelius as dara join the circle . Ariel enter to dance with cornelius . then it 's Duke 's turn . cornelius rejoin the circle as Duke and Ariel spin in each other 's arm . Duke and Ariel gaze into each other 's eye as the music grow distant . the dancer around they become a blur . like two magnet they lip be draw together . they kiss . wind blow they hair as they swirl round and round . the wind grow stronger in force and blow sand in they face . they trance be break when they hear the other start to shout . GEORGE sandstorm ! sandstorm ! everybody underground . Duke and Ariel look around nervously . everyone be run in all direction . huge spiral of sand be whipping across the desert . cornelius ( balance against the wind ) oh dear . oh dear . do not panic . do not panic . everyone know what to do . the adornment of the wedding swirl like toothpick in the wind . confusion abound as shack the human build be be blow away as if they be make of paper . the current of sand be blind . it 1s hard to keep one 's foot . struggle against the torrent , the human try to help each other toward shelter . a small child blow uncontrollably in the wind past Duke and Ariel . Duke run off to grab she . he swoops the child up in he arm . when he turn in the blind storm to see if Ariel be with he , she be go . duke ( scream over the panic ) Ariel ! Ariel ! Albert sun past Duke and grab a hold of he , the wind and sand beat mercilessly at then . albert come on ! we must get underground . 32 duke where 's Ariel ? albert ( as he swim against the wind ) what ? Duke hand the child to Albert . duke T must find Ariel . albert Duke , do not be crazy . get underground . Albert grab a hold of Duke and pull on he with all he strength . duke ( call out in panic ) Ariel . Ariel . Albert drag the scream Duke through the blanket of sand . int . underground subway - same time most of the human be crowded underground as a few still scramble into safety . there be alot of confusion . everyone be disshevel from the storm . Duke struggle to get back outside . he be so frantic he do not listen to what anyone have to say . duke TI have to find Ariel . Albert and cornelius be hold he back . cornelius Duke , she 's ... duke it have to . Ariel be out there . let go of I . charlie calm down Duke ... duke ( frantic ) Ariel be still out there . albert Duke , Duke listen ... 33 . out of sheer anguish and panic Duke spin around and slug Albert in the jaw . as Albert hit the ground , Duke see ariel stand behind Albert . she smirk and go up to he . she put she arm around he . they hug and kiss passionately . Albert manage to get to he foot . he brushes himself off and stand next to cornelius , who be smile at the sight of Duke and Ariel . albert ( flabbergasted ) well , what do you think of that ? cornelius ( warm by the lover ) I think it 's wonderful . dissolve to ext . - morning led by cornelius everybody slowly emerge from the hole lead to the underground . the bright sun bake down on they sorrowful face as they survey the damage . all the shack and dwelling that the human have build be levele . the crop be go . the water pump be unearth and mangle . Duke and Ariel hold hand tightly as they walk through the debris . one by one they all begin to pick thing up and make some sense out of the destruction . it be human nature to rebuild . dissolve to int . underground new york STREET this newly discover city street be a prime spot for excavation . cornelius be in he glory examine item out of the break window of a toy shop . human be everywhere dusting and digging . they already have uncover artifact strewn across the sidewalk . Albert and jonas be curiously examine a corner hot dog vend cart . Charlie , dara , and George be fascinate with the automobile . even the horn still work . Duke and Ariel be particularly interested in the newsstand as they thumb through the magazine . ariel what kind of book be this ? he pick up a magazine and it nearly crumble in he hand . duke I do not know . they be not very strong . 34 . ariel and they be so skinny . very carefully Duke and Ariel look through the periodicals of the day ... time , Newsweek , playboy , the New York Times , the Wall street Journal , etc . the photograph on the cover be fascinating to they . ariel ( cont 'd ) look how elaborate life be . it 's hard to imagine . duke ( reflective ) human from the past . Ariel point to a photograph of someone wear a tie . ariel what be that ridiculous thing he 's get around he neck ? suddenly Duke 's eye glaze over . his jaw drop . Duke , what be it ? what 's the matter ? Duke pick up a old " time " Magazine . on the cover it read : bon voyage taylor : the picture be of Taylor wave good - by from the doorway of he spaceship . duke it 's he . they both stare at the cover in amazement . a feel deep inside of Duke be stir as he gaze at the face of he father . Ariel put she arm around he shoulder and rest she head against he . dissolve to int . conductor' lounge - later Duke and cornelius be sit at the desk where Taylor write he history book . Duke be fascinate and touch by this newly find discovery and attaches he father 's face to he father 's handwrite in the book . it be a link that bring Duke closer to ' aylor . cornelius ( to the photo of Taylor ) Taylor , my friend . it 's good to see you face again . 38 . cornelius ( cont 'd ) ( to Duke ) you father be a hero . the bravest of the brave . duke do you think I look kind of like he ? cornelius you have all he best quality . duke I wish he be still alive . I wish I could know he . cornelius I do too . duke cornelius , see he here , he face . I have to know . you always say someday you would tell I everything . I have to know the whole story . cornelius , how do my father die ? cornelius be uneasy . he have dread this moment . as he be about to speak Ariel step into the room . she have be listen unnotice from the doorway . artel in a accident . Taylor die in a accident . you know that Duke . be not that right cornelius ? Duke and cornelius be surprised by she presence . ariel ( cont 'd ) oh , I be sorry . I should not have interrupt . Ariel turn to leave they alone . duke that 's okay . come and sit with we . Duke hold out he hand and Ariel take it . she sit with they . cornelius 1s nervous . he do not know where to begin . duke ( cont 'd ) but that 's what I need to know . what kind of accident , cornelius ? cornelius sigh heavily . 36 . cornelius I have keep this from you Duke because I want to spare you the pain . however I know this day would eventually have to come . duke I be ready . I be ready to know , cornelius . cuT to ext . desert - twilight Duke burst out of the open to the underground , a rifle clutch in he hand . angrily , he run toward he horse . cornelius and Ariel jump out of the open and chase after he . Duke look irate and determine . as he leap onto he horse Ariel grab he leg , tackle he to the ground . she grab he rifle and throw it off to one side . a out of ariel ( scream ) what the hell 's the matter with you ? be you crazy ? breath cornelius catch up to they . duke he lie to I ! ( upset , point to cornelius ) you lie to I ! cornelius ( shout back ) I be only try to protect you . duke protect I ? then why do not you tell I my father be hang by a ape ? you cover up the truth ! all this year some stupid story about a accident . you should have tell I . cornelius perhaps I should have . I apologize . how I apologize . duke ( wrathf£ul ) you be just try to protect you own kind . 37 . ariel Duke ! cornelius the last ape I would ever protect be izant duke what other reason could there be ? do not you think I have a right to know ? ariel of course he do ! that 's why he just tell you . ( take he arm ) what difference do it make now ? it 's be so many year . Duke snatch he gun off the ground . duke this izan be go to pay ! ariel quit talk stupid ! cornelius I be sorry , Duke . I just never know how to tell you before . I be not roud of what ape do to you ather . but revenge be not the answer . ariel yeah , what be you gry to do , get yourself kill ? 1 do not want to lose you . ( pause ) I love you . hear that word stop Duke in he track . he look at Ariel . they hug . cornelius duke I love you too . ( pain ) but ... but ... how could they just hang he like that ? put he wooly arm around Duke 's shoulder . cornelius izan be a monster . please Duke , do not judge all ape by the insane action of only one . besides , izan be probably dead and go by now . 38 , cornelius ( cont 'd ) when all be say and do , evil can never win out . Duke put he arm around cornelius ' shoulder . Duke know this have be hard for he . they all walk back towards home . dissolve to int . shack - night a shaft of blue moonlight cascade across Duke and Ariel as they clutch together lose in each other 's passion . in Ariel 's arm Duke feel the love and sense of belong he need . they kiss and touch with all the emotion of young love . the night air be warm on they skin as we ... dissolve to ext . lonesome desert / duke's dream - day the picture be bright and the color be pale and wash out . a lonely wind carry sand across the dune . for as far as the eye can see there be nothingness . suddenly in slow motion a horse break through a cloud of dust . atop the stallion ride Taylor . around he neck dangle a noose . Taylor ride up to Duke who be stand in the desert . Taylor look down at Duke and smile . he hold out he hand . taylor my son . Duke look up and smile like a child . duke Father . Duke take Taylor 's hand and Taylor hoist Duke onto the back of the horse . Duke move to hug he father but he realize he be on the horse alone . Taylor be go . Duke look around . nothingness . we pull back to reveal Duke sit on the horse in the middle of mile of nowhere . duke ( scream out ) Father ! fa-a-a-t-h-e-e-e-er ! his voice echoe as we ... cuT to 39 . int . shack - night Duke bolt up from he dream in a cold sweat . he cry out uncontrollably . duke Father ... Ariel awaken to see what happen . ariel what be it ? Duke stare at she for a moment as 1f to shake the dream from he mind . duke I dreamt about my father . he reach out to I . it be so real . Duke and Ariel hug . Duke 's eye well up with tear . duke ( cont 'd ) i£ I could get my hand on the ape that kill he ... ariel do not torture yourself . I be sure cornelius be right . the ape civilization be probably dead and go by now . they embrace harder . CUT to ext . izan square - day monstrous throng of cheer ape span as far as the eye can see . a ocean of wave flag . of hairy face . heavy , pound , march anthem pulsate explosively . the izan national military orchestra hammer endlessly . twenty year under the iron fist of a maniacal dictator have change the look of ape Square dramatically . not only have it be rename izan Square , but all the immense marble pillar from the past be go and relace with giant black marble sculpture of tzan , himself . a parade ... «.- gxander and with more spectacle than have ever be see be in progress . 40 . thousands of tramping boot march in perfect cadence . the gorilla army be a marvel to behold . with they distinctive military posture they advance through the center of izan Square . Devil 's eye and snarling tooth . with a sharp glance to the right , the soldier hail they leader , who glare from the ... reviewing stand ... still a place of honor . draped with banner and flag bear izan 's likeness , it loom over the parade like a storm cloud . the stand be pack with guard , advisor , commander , and other gorillas of political importance . rijies everywhere . directly in the center , larger - than -life , stand the ominous ... izan ... older . more menace . the vastness of this parade be a testimony to he intimidation over the Empire . he wave to the pass display . at he side stand the now - grow pax , eye as cold as ice and a heart as black as coal . pax 1s cool calculate evil . it {ts obvious at first glance that pax 's gorilla upbringing have mold he into the image of izan , but even worse . like he stepfather , he 1s ruthless . like a chimpanzee , he be intelligent . a deadly combination ! this father - son duo have the Empire of the ape in a vice - grip choke hold that smother its populace into submission at a whim ! the parade roll on . everything be larger than life ! a caricature of a power parade that rival the grandeur of Russia 's Red Square millenium ago . the foot soldier be follow by ... a formation of the government fleet of motorized vehicle . issue by the government , for the government . this roll menace , quite simplictic by we standard , be threaten to the ape population . twenty year of rennovation have create a spectacle of mobile oppression . the storm of thelr motor sound like grind bone . gorilla guard on horseback patrol the cheer mass . any ape not wave a flag and cheer be jabbe with a sharp poker . this giant flag ... ... one hundred foot high bear the ferocious likeness of izan slap in the wind . the gorilla flag corp be never out of synchronization as they guide the enormous symbol along the parade route . now the bomb ... countless human slave sweat and struggle to pull giant roll wooden catapult carry huge bomb . it 1s apparent that most of the money from the society be spend on the bomb themselves , as the catapult that launch they be still quite primitive in design and look . 41 . izan especially love this part . this bomb represent the superior war power izan have rought upon the civilization . gorilla guard on massive black horse ride along side the slave whipping they mercilessly . gorilla guard on horseback heave ! heave ! move along ! move along ! heave !! the exertion exhaust some slave to death . a slave drop . thousands of foot trample he body . his corpse finally crush by a gigantic wheel from a catapult cart . another guard on horseback ( whipping slave ) heave you son 0 ' bitch !! heave !! the awe of the parade be mindboggle . cornelius be wrong . izan and he evil ape Empire be stronger than ever . meanwhile ... in another part of the ape CITY - same time the street be desert . everyape its at the parade . the music and hoopla from izan Square reverberate through all corner of the city . everywhere one look , picture and poster of izan can be see . his fearsome likeness snarl down at the public warning its citizen that , " izan can hear you ! " no ape who love breathe dare to wag a loose tongue . a group of human slave wait quietly in they cage . most sleep . some sit and stare . a lone gorilla guard pace back and forth , bored . he sure wish he be at the parade . suddenly ... whack ! a club come down on the back of he head , knock he unconscious . the guard fall backward into the arm of a chimpanzee name liam . as liam tie , gag , and blindfold the guard , two other chimpanzee appear . they be orpheus and wynora . wynora have long silky hair and be quite beautiful for a chimp . she be the leader of the simiantarian Liberation Movement , a small underground group of chimp against opression . wynora bust open the lock on the cage of human slave . they all jump to they foot and cower in a huddle at the rear of the bar . through wynora 's convincing gesture the slave eventually follow she out of the pen . wynora ( whisper firmly ) hurry up ! hurry up ! come on ! 42. wynora , liam , and orpheus be constantly on the look -out . liam and orpheus throw the gorilla guard into the cage and lock it . liam ( to unconscious gorilla ) sweet dream goon . the three chimp herd the human down a alleyway and over to a open manhole cover . one by one they all jump in . orpheus jump in last . he pull the cover over the hole , leave the street as it be . in the cage the guard moan . the carnival from the parade clamor through the street . int . underground ape sewer system - same time human and chimp race through ankle deep dirty water . pound from the parade echoe through the narrow cave - like wall . wynora ead . faster and faster they run . Street level grid and manhole be thelr only light . the frenzied sound reverberate from the parade grow louder and louder . adrenalin pump . they pace quicken . the cheer and music reach a deafen decible . wynora stop momentarily and peer up through a grid . ie parade be pass directly overhead . dirt from the sewer wall shower they as the massiveness of fe event shake the ground . ext . izan square - same time the power parade be endless as it barrel through izan Square . amongst such a spectacle it be hard to detect wynora as she peer out from under the curb . however , a gorilla guard be attention be catch by movement from the grid . he step to the curb and suspiciously look in . int . sewer system - same time like lighten wynora and she group take off before the gorilla can get a clear picture . be the fiend that he be , the gorilla poke he machine gun through the grate . he randomly fire . bullet ricochet oft the stone wall like ping pong ball . ext . izan square - same time the guard continue to casually riddle bullet into the sewer . you can barely hear the gunshot for the thunder parade sound . 43 . content , he walk back into the crowd . int . sewer system - same time scramble through the tunnel system , wynora 's group trace towards freedom . one unlucky slave float dead from the gorilla 's bullet . ext . mountainside - same time one by one the freed slave jump from the huge circular drain pipe that jet out of the rock . wynora , liam , and orpheus help they as they leap to the ground . wynora ( gesture with a wave ) hurry . run. run . you be free . you be free ! the human race toward the desert never look back . wynora , liam , and orpheus smile . a job well do . cuT to a chimp fist knocking on a black wooden door a voice from the other side quip ... voice ( 0s ) you here on business ? wynora monkey business . a secret code . it be safe . the door unbolt and open . there stand mile , another simiantarian . wynora , liam , and orpheus all enter the dark room . we be in ... int . simiantarian hideout - day a disgusting , little , black room reminiscent of a war tear bunker . be a simiantarian be very dangerous under [ zanian rule . they be force into hide , fight they righteous cause in secret . anyone catch act or speak out against tizan or he government be publicly execute . crowd into the scanty room be wynora , liam , orpheus , mile , wingding , a teen - age militant female , and professor , a old chimp and former college professor from cornelius ' time . in fact he remember cornelius well . they all 44 . wingding how would it go ? how would it go ? orpheus it go good . almost perfect . wingding almost ? what do you mean , almost ? do they make it ? wynora we lose one . mile how ? nobody see you , do they ? be you follow ? wynora no. nobody see . sit around a small wooden table . the only light in the dark room 1s from a lantern . mile pic bananas . the white wingding ( excited ) do you kill the guard ? liam no wingding , we just knock he out . wingding too bad . wynora ( to mile ) do you get the dynamite ? mile no problem . ks up a bunch of bananas . or at least they look like actually , they be dynamite stick paint yellow . wynora ( laugh ) I love it ! haire professor break in . professor I fail to see the need for this senseless violence . year ago when cornelius and I start this simiantarian Organization we vow to protest in a non-violent peaceful manner . wynora , cornelius would never approve of such ... Professor 4s . wynora ( angry ) I be sick and tired of hearing about this cornelius . he 's all you ever talk about . him and Taylor , the wonderous speak human . mile maybe we believe that story when we be young , Professor , but we do not buy it anymore . human can not speak . just shake he head . wynora besides I do not know what he have to do with anything around here anyway . and as for you peaceful non-violent protest , all I have to do be think of my own parent . shot in the street for hand out flyer in a peaceful non-violent manner . Times be different Professor . besides , we be not the simiantarian peace Organization anymore . we be the simiantarian Liberation Movement now . and the only way we be ever go to get tzan to listen to what we have to say ... ( hold up the dynamite ) .- 4s in a language he understand ! mile boom . orpheus under the [ zanlan government there be no such thing as non-violent protest ! professor I be glad cornelius be not around to see this . wynora cornelius again ! professor he would not approve of you method . and I certainly do not either . 46 . wynora then why do you stick around ?... we just risk we life to free a handful of human . they be free now ! free ! do you understand what that mean ? if it be not for we they would have be work to death inside of a month . if you ask I , that 's a good thing we do ! professor ( insulted ) whatever happen to respect for you elder ? wynora you have my respect . now I want yours , ccut to ext . desert - day Ariel gallop she horse along the desert plain at top speed . a expression of alarm blanket she face . as she near cornelius she whoas she horse to a abrupt stop . cornelius ( worried ) do you find he ? where be he ? ariel I could not find he anywhere ! his horse be go too . cornelius his gun as well I be afraid . at that moment jonas and Albert ride up . albert we cover the whole zone over the ridge . jonas nothing . ariel damn he ! you do not think ...? cornelius I pray not . they face tell a tale of worry . cuT to 47 . ext . the gallow in the ape CITY - sunset a line of prisoner , gorilla , chimp , and human alike wait shackle together at the base of the gallow . this daily occurrence symbolize the oppression rampant under izanian government . gorilla guard lead they one at a time to the noose . everything be very formal . as the henchape tighten the rope around each neck , a gorilla sentry read aloud the crime . two gorilla worker take a dead gorilla guard from the noose . they toss he carcass onto a huge cart heaping with other corpse . a sparce crowd of onlooker be always on hand for public hanging . the curious one and the weep relative . sentry next ! a pathetic gorilla be lead to the rope . sentry ( cont 'd ) ( read froma scroll ) the State accuse you of speak out against the izanian government . how do you plead ? pathetic gorilla not guilty ! sentry I hearby speak for we Supreme General izan and declare you guilty as charge ! with that the henchape pull the lever . crack ! the pathetic gorilla 's neck break . sentry next ! in a single move the two worker throw the corpse on the cart . the guard lead a chimpanzee to the gallow . chimpanzee ( scream for mercy ) no please ... please . I be innocent ! do not kill I . please . his neck go in the noose . sentry the State accuse you of deface a public poster of we Supreme General izan . how do you plead ? 48 . chimpanzee I do not do it ! I do not do it ! '' swear I be {nnocent ! please do not kill I ! sentry I hearby speak for we Supreme General izan and declare you guilty as charge ! yank ! crack ! Dead ! the sentry look at he watch . sentry okay . that 's it for today . the last body be always leave to hang . everybody pack up to go home . a gorilla guard lead tomorrow 's prisoner back to they cell . guard ( jabbing a chimp ) you be lucky today , but tomorrow you be first in line buddy . a group of human slave pull the cart of corpse away . the last hang ape of the day sway back and forth . he 's a ghastly token of izan 's tyranny . CUT to a exotic dancing gorilla ape - ette girate and wiggle to the beat of weird music . a transparent veil be sling across she face . her finger symbol clink rhythmically . she and five other beauty dance , tantilize the ravenous ape who gorge themselves at ... int . inan' banquet table - night the evening feast 1s underway in izan 's opulent banquet room . the wall be decorate with trophy , oil painting of izan , and human skin rug . izan and pax sit at the head of a enormous table heaping with mountain of food . jug of wine flow like river . all of izan 's general , commander , advisor , and bodyguard glut to they heart 's content . a small group of chimpanzee minstrel provide the music for the dance ape-ettes . 49 , intersperse amongst the male be lady gorillas-of-the-evening sit on they lap . feed they grape and bananas . and giggle in thelr ear . human slave run back and forth from the kitchen bring more food and drink . this be the epitome of izanian decadence . the festivity be loud , however izan 's voice ring the loudest . when he be drunk he become one obnoxious gorilla . izan ( jump up ) a toast to my son pax ! ( slap pax on the back ) one day this will all be yours ! all the gorilla raise they mug and cheer . izan ( cont 'd ) I be sure everybody here remember that fateful night about 20 year ago when I find pax in that garbage sack . all the gorilla acknowledge izan 's " tale " as if it be true . all much too fearful of izan to do anything else . izan ( cont 'd ) I kill that son of a bitch father of yours on charge of cruel and unsimian treatment of a minor . ( a boom of laughter ) and if that 's not the best damn thing I ever do for myself and my Empire , I do not know what be ! a uproarious hooray bellow from the ape . pax and izan bear ug . pax ( hold up he mug ) to my father ... I never get tired of that story . everything I be I owe to this gorilla . pax grab izan 's giant head and kiss the point top . everyape holler and bang the table . a gorilla ( lift he mug ) to pax . su. another gorilla ( toast ) to we Supreme General izan . all gorillas ( mug high ) Long live izan . izan snap he finger at one of the female ape who sit on another gorilla 's lap . izan hey , ape-ette , get over here and keep my son warm . the ape - ette giggle and prance over to pax . she sit on he lap and start to feed he julcy berry one by one . she suckle he ear lobe . izan stand again . without stop he guzzle a entire jug of wine . belch ! izan ( cont 'd ) some entertainment would be appropriate about now . I need my goofy gorilla . ( shout out ) send in my fool . gorilla commander ( jump to he foot ) the General want he fool . where ts he fool ? the minstrel start to play a silly troubador tune . a gorilla ( fool ) dress in a absurd look costume dance in . he carry a staff with a miniature scupture of he face on the op . izan ah , my fool . entertain we you iafot . fool ( in a high pitch goofy voice ) my pleasure you ugliness . the fool bow . izan and all the ape explode into hysterical laughter . they love this guy . fool ( cont 'd ) for my first trick ... sl. the fool then let himself fall straight backwards like a board . the ape howl with delight . then miraculously the fool spring back up onto he foot . he bow . all ape more ... more ! the fool do a little dance , then continue . fool how do you save a human from drown ? izan ( laugh ) how ? fool shoot he . as the gorilla go ape with that punchline , the fool jump straight up in the air and land flat on he butt with a loud honk . then the fool take a banana out of he pocket . slowly and methodically he peel it and take a bite . suddenly the fool scream . fool ouch ! we see that inside the peel there be not a banana at all , but the fool 's thumb paint yellow . everybody howl . it do not take much to make this ape laugh . the fool take off he hat to bow . he bend at the waist in grand style . the top of he head be shave . on the bald dome be paint in big letter : izan smell . this be the only guy in the entire Empire who can get away with insulting izan . izan hold he side as he belly laugh . the fool jump onto the table and do a amusing little jig . the ape love it . he cackle wildly and hold he staff above he head . he pull a ring at the end of the staff cause the little head to explode . show etti rain down on 1_the ape . what hilarity ! dissolve to int . pax be bedroom - night a big ostentacious chamber with ... a monstrous oak four poster . heavy red velvet drape . and a huge portrait of izan and son in prominent display . $ 2. a_drun a eing draqge into the room by a at ip 0 vi + she 's all over he like syrup on a pancake . huggy . kissy . female gorilla come on . come on , big boy . pax ( hang on she shoulder ) you sure do have pretty hair . they lean up against the close door . she slowly start to remove he uniform . female gorilla you be my little chocolate chimp cookie , be not you ? oo0000 .... pax fidget a little . female gorilla ( cont 'd ) relax honey . no need to be nervous . pax who 's nervous ? she taunt he toward the bed . female gorilla ( giggle ) you be . they fall on the bed . thump . female gorilla ( cont 'd ) there be not a ape-ette in all the Empire who would not change place with I right now . mmmmm , I and tzan 's son . pax you be a lucky gorilla , alright . he wildly kiss she furry neck . female gorilla know what paxy ? you be the sexiest chimpanzee I ever know . and I have know quite a few . pax pull back annoyed . pax I be not a chimpanzee . I be the son of izan . I 'ma gorilla ! 53. female gorilla ( surprised by he reaction ) okay . do not get sensitive . so you be a gorilla . you be still sexy . she start kissing he ear . female gorilla ( cont 'd ) I love big , strong , sexy dictator . pax ( take a slug of wine ) my father 's right , you know . one day it 's all go to be mine . female gorilla mmmmmm , I know . pax I have plan for this Empire . female gorilla you get the cutest little ear lobe . pax Big plan . someday I be gonna run it the right way . I be gonna run it my way female gorilla you be just like you father , be not you ? pax not quite . pax stare at the painting of he and izan as the female gorilla kiss he teasingly , giggle and all .. ext . desert - day ariel pound on a big steel drum . the noise ring across the une . from all corner of the desert human be draw to the sound . it be obvious this be a well - know signal in the forbidden Zone .. cornelius stand with Ariel . he look very upset . cornelius you can not go . I refuse to let you go . $ 4 . ariel I have to go cornelius . I have to go and find he . cornelius but we do not even know for sure that 's where he go . ariel yes we do . Ariel continue beat the drum . cornelius pace nervously . cornelius oh dear ! oh dear ! you just do not know what you be get into . even if he do go , what good will a group of human on horseback and a old chimp be able to do for he ? ariel I just want to find Duke and bring he home . I do not want to fight any war . cornelius Ariel , Duke would not want you to do s. Ariel continue to beat the drum . all the familiar face and many unfamiliar one from the forbidden Zone be gather from all side . cornelius I want he back as much as you do , but ... ariel then why do not you come with I ? cornelius I can not go there . I have tell you . ariel cornelius whatever you be afraid of , it 's be year and year . cornelius but you do not understand . ariel look , cornelius , I be go with or without you . cornelius I know the danger that lurk in the ape City . you be make a big mistake . 55 . ariel if you know the danger , then you can help I avoid they . please cornelius , I love he . there be a long pause . cornelius ( sigh ) alright , I will go , but on one condition . ariel what ? cornelius you do not bring any gun . if you do not want to fight any war , then you will not need any gun . ariel ( smile ) it 's a deal . human from everywhere be converge on the two of they . dissolve to ext . ape CITY STREET - day the street be teeming with ape . the bazaar be in full swing . the shop busy with business . the gorilla guard be hard at work hassling the citizen , as usual . but nobody smile . no ape speak out of turn . even the guard be suspicious of each other . life be live in fear . oppression do that , you know . the slave be do the dirty work . a_large group of slave stru to hau ead of wo th parkow street . a gorilla guard on horseback lead the work crew . he clear the way for the massive head . gorilla guard outta the way . comin 's through . move it . comin ' through . in a other part of the city a gorilla guard wash down a outdoor cage of human slave with a fire hose . the force of the water pin the slave against the bar . ext . outside the arena - day this coliseum - like amphitheater be situate next to izan Square . 56 , excitement be in the alr as score of happy ape , adult and child , line up for the day 's sport event . a giant , black , marble statue of izan dwarf the stadium as it stand ominously outside the arena door . at the ticket window ape buy ticket for themselves and they family . gorilla at ticket window Three please . ticket seller nine moque . the two ape exchange money for ticket . gorilla at ticket window ( disappointed ) have not you get anything closer than this ? ticket seller not together . on display in OPEN AIR cage ... be the human slave who will be '' participate '' in today 's game . ape pass by this cage as they enter the Arena . they taunt the human just for the fun of it . ext . inside the arena - day the gladiator - style kill fleld be line with score of cheer ape wait to be entertained . you can sense the enthusiasm of the crowd . vender walk up and down the stone bleacher hawk they snack . after all what would a spectator Sport be without its favorite food . vendor ( hawk ) bananas . get you fresh ripe bananas here . bananas . suddenly a musical fanfare draw everyone 's attention . every ape in the place jump to they foot . all eye watch as [ zan and pax be carry in atop they litter , which be steady on the shoulder of four slave . the litter be lower . izan and pax step off , wave to the throng , and take they seat in the General 's box . izan 's presence signal the start of the game . a door open and 3 human slave be throw into the huge ring . a raucus explosion of " b0o be " rise from the spectator . the human stand scared and confuse . they have nowhere to hide . then ... 57 . onto the field step ... the biggest , most ferocious , mutant monster of a gorilla ever see ( the machine ) ! the crowd go wild . he be thelr hero . the human be in utter shock at the sight of the Machine . he take one lumber step forward and they start darting like rabbit . the Machine take off after one of the scatter slave . his snarling tooth drip with saliva . he snort . he roar . the tension mount as he gain on the flee man . the Machine lash out . with he mammoth hand he grab the human by the back of he hair . with a quick jerk , he throw the slave through the alr like a sack of potato . thud . the human hit the ground hard . the audience scream with delight . blood bubbling from he nose , the human curl up in pain . ape in crowd ( at the top of he lung ) kill he ! kill the son of a bitch ! another ape in crowd come on ! tear he apart !! the Machine lurch toward the wounded human . suddenly ... one of the other slave jump on the Machine 's back . his arm tightly around the thick hairy neck , the human bite down on he black ear . the Machine reach to pull the pesky human off he back , but can not get a good grip . at full speed the Machine run backward toward the stone wall . slam . he crush the human with amazing impact . the human slide off he back , hit the ground . the Machine grab the slave 's ankle . ape in crowd ( wave he fist ) Atta way ! tear be to shred ! with a savage roar he pick up the batter human . whack . he smashes the human against the wall like a baseball bat . blood fly . bam . he whacks the body against the ground . flesh split at the rib cage . the audience be go wild . with one more mighty blow , the Machine slam the carcass against the wall . the corpse break apart like a wet loaf of bread , and stick . large chunks slowly drip off the stone . the Machine turn . the blood - thirsty crowd edging he on . 58 . ape in crowd go , go , go , go ! the wounded human be on he foot once again . he try to limp away from the approach kill monster . the Machine 's shadow engulf he . his black hand grab he white throat . the human 's eye bulge like a fish . the gorilla lift he into the air by he neck . he pull back he other woolly hand , and with the force of a locomotive , he punch the human in the face send he fly backward twenty eet . once be not enough . the Machine stomp over to the mangle slave . he pick he up by he break neck , and slam another knuckle sandwich into what 's leave of he face . the limp body fly twenty foot farther . the crowd be on they foot with insanity . the Machine run at top speed toward the bloody slave . he leap through the alr . his big foot come hurtle down on the human 's skull . it crush like a ripe melon . izan and pax be loving every minute . the Machine pivot and stare directly at the third human slave . the scrawny man shake like a leaf . as be the custom the last remain victim be throw a weapon . a guard toss he a long wooden stick . the human rush for the pole . the desperate slave , like a jouster , poise the pole above he head and charge at the Machine . the Machine smirk . just when it appear the pole will stab into he massive chest ... with lighten speed the Machine grab the end of the pole . he hoist it over he head . the pole point straight up into the alr . dangle on the top for dear life be the horrify slave . he should have let go of that pole . the crowd jump and scream . the Machine look up at he prey and roar . Hand over hand he slowly lower the stick bring the slave closer with each move . there be no escape ; the ape cast the pole aside and grab the slave into a headlock the spectator be delirious . out of respect the Machine look up to izan for the finale . izan oucstretch he arm and point he big thumb to the side . will it be thumb up or thumb down ? every eye in the place look to izan . there be a momentary silence . izan grit he tooth . smile . thumb down ! $ 9 . the audience go crazy . the Machine dig he finger under the fleshy part of the slave 's chin . with he bare hand he tear the human 's head clean off . blood squirt like a fountain . then , he take he huge black hand and shove it down the neck of the headless corpse . he force he arm all the way into the twitching torso . he yank he arm out and hold it skyward . there , in the geriiia 's balm , be the human 's beat heart . he heave the heart into the middle of he cheer fan . they scramble for it as lf it be a homerun basebal the Machine bow to izan and pax . they be on they foot wildly applaud the performance . izan beam , when unexpectedly ... we see izan through the Pov of a telescopic rifle lens viewfinder . the crosshair find they way to izan 's chest . back in the booth izan wave and cheer vigorously . suddenly ... bang . a shot ring out . a bullet explode into izan 's shoulder . he clutches he arm and double over . the spectator be shocked . pax ( horrify ) Father !! guard rush to izan 's aid , feverishly look for the sniper . guard ( shout to other guard ) where do that shot come from ? bang . another shot . everybody duck . the bullet ricochet off the stone bleacher next to izan . Chaos take over . pax ( scream ) do something dammit !! do something !! blood gush through izan 's finger . bodyguard hhold izan , shriek ) let 's get he out of here !! another bodyguard ( shove ape out of the way ) move it ! 60 . other guard have they gun point in all different direction look for the assassin . another guard ( shouting loudly into crowd ) show you face you bastard ! suddenly a ape from the crowd cry out and point skyward ... ape in crowd there he be ! t all eye dart to the direction the ape be point . High above the arena , perch on the shoulder of a statue of izan ls ... ouke . his rifle aim at izan . pax it 's a human !! ape in bleacher ( scream ) get he ! Duke look up from he gun in a panic . he 's be spot . all the ape turn they weapon up to Duke and open fire . bullet riddle the mighty statue . Duke 's rifle drop . it hit the ground far below . a bunch of ape be racing toward he from all side . Left with only one option ... Duke slide down the back of the sculpture at a lighten speed . he grit he tooth and clutches the smooth marble for dear life as he chute down . ext . outside the arena - same time Duke hit the ground with a thud . without a moment to think he jump to he foot and take off . gorilla guard pour out of the arena door like floodwater . they Spot duke. blam . they shoot . he disappear around a corner . the gorilla will not let he get away . it 's a race for Duke 's life ! narrow alleyway Duke tear down the wet cobblestone at lighten speed . the guard hot on he heel . 61 . bang . bang . bang . bullet fly frighteningly close to he head . he knock over garbage barrel to block they way . trash fly everywhere . some guard leap over the barrel . other trip and fall . Duke panick . it 's a dead end . he dodge leave into a doorway . ape cafe kitchen ... Duke bust into a busy ape cafe kitchen . the cook and waiter be shocked . a human . ape cook what be the meaning of this ? without a second to spare the gorilla guard barge into the kitchen shoot . a cook go tumble . guard outta my way ! bullet ping off the wall . Duke jump through the door lead to the eat room . in the eating room ... the force of the door knock a waiter backwards . his tray of dish fly everywhere . smash . crash . the ape customer scream as Duke play dodge ‘em around the table . ape customer # 1 it 's a human ! ape customer # 2 what the hell 's go on ? Guards tear through the eat room like a tornado . bullet ricochet . tables overturn . customer duck for cover . puke leap out of the door just as a barrage of gunfire miss nm . busy CITY STREET ... the street be teeming with activity . Duke push he way through the mass of ape . the street bazaar vendor and they cart act as a obstacle course . 62 mayhem and madness take over as Duke and he pursuer wreak havoc throughout the bustling street . cart fly leave and right . bullet mean for Duke hit innocent bystander , kill they . he run with all he might through the throng . Racing at a fevere pace Duke plow through a group of slave who be hoist the giant marble hea zan into the air and onto its headless body . Duke knock the rope right out of they hand . they fall in all direction . the massive head plummet downward just as the guard be pass beneath it . slam . the statue head smashes down on a handful of guard pulverize they like bug . there 's no time to stop : the survive guard charge after Duke . Duke sprint for dear life . he hear the gunfire behind he , but he 's move too fast to look back . spotting a OPEN AIR slave transporting vehicle fill with human slave , Duke leap into the back hope to seek camouflage amongst the other human . the guard speed to catch the truck . guard ( bellow ) stop that transport ! stop that transport ! the vehicle jerk to a halt . Duke sit amidst the load of slave hopeful the gorilla will not be able to tell he from the other . the guard rush to the back . guard which one be he ? another guard I can not tell one from the next . a third guard they all look alike . with that , the gorilla guard start shoot all the slave ... one by one . it 's mindless butchery . Duke think fast . just as he be about to be shot , Duke leap away from the slave and onto the roof of the vehicle . the bullet mean for he kill another . he jump onto the hood . then down onto the street . he race through the crow . suddenly , Duke 's eye bulge . shove they way through the crowd , head straight for he , another group of gorilla guard . ouke turn . run . he leap back onto the hood of the slave vehicle and up onto its roof . 63 . he 1s trap . gorilla be come at he from all angle , surround the vehicle . could this be curtain ? Duke jump straight upward . he grab hold of a sign jetting out of a storefront . it read : taxidermy stuffed human at reasonable rate . with all he might he pull himself up and spring onto the store 's rooftop , just as the sign be pulverize with bullet . Duke speed across the rooftop . the gorilla run along the sidewalk never let he out of they sight . they shoot up at he , but can not get a clear shot . Duke be near the edge of the building . he pick up speed and leap from one rooftop to the next . he hurdle from rooftop to rooftop across the ape skyline . suddenly , there be no more rooftop leave . stiff with fear he look down over the edge . the gorilla guard be converge at the bottom of the building . think fast Duke see a government issue garbage wagon pass the building on its way out of town . it be pile high with rubbish . this be he ticket out . he take a run start and fly headlong for the safety of the trash . ouke hurl through space . suddenly ... a net ! the garbage wagon drive away . Duke be leave dangle in mid-air . caught like a fish . all the ape circle around he , gun cocked . a crowd of spectator ape gather . among they wynora and wingding . guard # 1 ( jabbing he gun into Duke 's rib ) think you be mighty smart , do not you ? guard # 2 look at this human 's eye . I would swear he 's almost think . guard # 3 let 's pulverize the hell outta this one . guard # 1 with pleasure . all the gorilla guard take aim . suddenly izan 's voice boom out . 64 . izan ( os ) wait ! the crowd make a path for izan 's litter . pax sit with he father . a bloody bandage {ts wrap around izan 's arm . two guard on horseback escort the royal duo . izan ( cont 'd ) of not k have ! izan and pax walk over to Duke . izan take a dagger from he belt . he reach through the net and grab Duke 's face . izan dig the blade tip into Duke 's neck , just short of pierce the skin . Duke struggle helplessly . izan ( cont 'd ) I want to cut this human 's throat myself . pax Father do not ! izan ( angrily ) why ? pax you will hurt you arm . ( coldly I will do it for you ! izan grin . he pass the dagger to pax . izan of course , pax . ( with steel cruelty ) make sure he feel the pain . pax grip Duke 's hair . in the crowd wynora close she eye . just as pax raise the blade ... duke ( scream ) G wi damn stinking ape ! pax drop the knife . wynora 's eye shoot open . the crowd gasp . izan know . cuT to 65 , int . inan' throne room - later a long extravagant room . izan sit on he massive stone chair . next to he sit pax on a smaller , yet impressive look throne . a gorilla physician be tend to izan 's arm . guard line the room stand at attention . two other guard drag a kick and struggle Duke into the room and throw he to the floor in front of izan and pax . izan wave he arm and dismiss he physician , who rush out of the room , izan glare down at Duke for a long moment ... izan there be once another human who could speak . his name be Taylor . I kill he . duke I be Taylor 's son ! izan that would account for you stupidity ! duke my father be a great man ! izan ( amused ) there 's no such thing as a great man !... duke how would you know ? izan izan know everything ! pax ( curiously ) who 's Taylor ? Father , what 's go on izan ( ignore pax ) I will enjoy watch you suffer . duke if you be go to kill I why do not you just get it over with ? izan ( laugh ) you will die soon enough , but I want to make certain you death be a public celebration just like you father 's . duke you will fall izan . 66 . maybe I miss , but someday somebody will not . izan who ? once you be dead to kill I duke I do not know , but you keep a eye over you izan ( chuckle ) what a curious breed , human . how many more there ? duke there 's just I . who will want better always shoulder . talk of you be izan good . and so there will be none ! pax Father you never tell speak human . izan I about I do not want to waste you time with such nonsense . duke do he ever tell you about cornelius , pax ? you father ? you real father ? izan jump to he foot . izan shut-up ! duke wny do not you tell pax how he be prie d out of the arm of he scream father . how he be ... izan silence speak ing human ! Guards take he out of here ! pax who 's cornelius ? izan silence ! 67 , the guard seize Duke and be pull he out of the room scream . duke he 's you blood father pax . he 's alive . he raise I . izan lies ! all lie ! tomorrow morning you hang , human ! Duke be drag from the room . izan turn to pax , he gorilla eye red with rage . izan ( cont 'd ) never , never believe what a speak human say . pax look confuse . CUT to int . dungeon cell a tiny dark room . the two guard throw Duke into the damp hellhole . duke ( struggle ) take it easy , will you . you be break my arm . guard # 1 ah , shut -up . guard # 2 you be lucky we do not break you head . ( surprised at himself ) what the hell be I do ? I be talk to a human . the guard laugh at the absurdity . slam . the heavy wooden door close . duke let I outta this pit you animal ! you ape !! the little view window on the door slide open and the guard sneer in at Duke . guard # 1 you hear that otto ? a human call we animal . 68 . guard # 2 izan sure have plan for you , human . they both cackle as the little view window slide close . Duke be alone ... he know the door be bolt , but he try anyhow . it 's no use . frustrate , he take a run start and smack he shoulder against the door . it do not budge . repeatedly Duke pound the door with he fist . duke ( scream ) let I outta here ! damnit , let I outta here !! over and over he bang until he can not bang anymore . he slump against the door and slide to the dirt floor . Duke hug he knee . maybe this revenge be not such a good idea after all . from a small bar window high above he head a thin shaft of sunlight shine across Duke 's torture face . time lapse dissolve Duke ts crouch in a corner of the cell . it be very still . the slit of sunlight have turn orange . it be now sunset . suddenly ... «+- a nolse come from the other side of the door . Duke perk up nervously . a key jiggle in the lock . the bolt clink . Duke be immobile . then ... the door burst open . Duke gasp . there in the doorway stand pax . he step into the cell slamming the door behind he . Duke stand to face he . Duke be nervous . pax 's expression be without emotion . pax you intrigue I speak human . duke my name be Duke . pax I do not care . I have never see a freak of nature before . what other trick do you do ? pax slap 69 . duke you be the freak . a chimpanzee raise to act and think like a gorilla . do not that go against you natural grain ? Duke across the face . pax ( angry ) why be you here ? duke revenge . my father speak of peace , and be slaughter for it by izan . pax well , it appear as though revenge will have accomplish nothing but a noose around you neck . be not that right Duke duke after what izan have do to cornelius I do not know why you do not seek revenge against he . ( look he in the eye ) cornelius be you father , you know . pax there be no such ape as cornelius . you lie . duke why would I lle ? listen to I , you be real father life in torture to this day , wonder be you alive ? be you dead ? what be you e pax if you be go to speak , you should at least know what you be talk about . this storytelling be laughable . I be the son of izan . my real father be kill for unsimian treatment of a minor . izan kill he and adopt I . everything I be I owe to izan . duke izan 1s a maniac . open you eye to the oppression around you . cornelius be a kind and gentle ape . your he blood . can not you feel he pain 70 , pax ( snap pping ) I do not believe a word you say . duke then why be you here ? pax turn to open the door and exit . he pause . without look back he ask ... pax suppose what you say 1s true ? if my real father be alive , why have he not come for all this year ? duke I do not know . pax leave and close the door . audio bridge to a fat gorilla woman dress like a Viking peasant hit a high soprano note . it's a night at the opera on the grandious stage a full - blow ape opera be in progress . the diva ts belting out she aria . you can see she tonsils vibrate as she shrill . she finish and curtsy in operatic splendor . the audience applaud wildly . score of ape in formal wear jump to they foot in a stand ovation . izan and pax clap from they boxseat high above the audience . the diva blow a handful of kiss to she leader . the curtain close . a easel support a sign that read act one . a ape hand reach from the wing with a sign read act two . the audience sit back down . there 's more to come . the ape contuctor srike up he orchestra as the curtain reopen . the set be extravagant . the chorus sing loudly as the main character , we hero , make a grand entrance . he be a dash gorilla General love by he entire kingdom . the hero break into a tenor solo . this be music to izan 's ear . cuT to 71 . int . duke's dungeon cell - night / same time Duke have fall asleep on the dirty cell floor . the door suddenly open . the light startles he awake . he jump . duke ( frighten ) be it morning ?! in walk ... wynora . she have a rifle sling across she back and the cell key in she hand . wynora do not be scared . I be here to help you . duke who be you ? wynora no time now . Quick . come with I . Duke and wynora scurry out of the cell and down the ... du ! on . ws. they run down the narrow torch - light corridor keep a eye peel for danger . in a corner on the floor liam and orpheus be tie up the two unconscious gorilla guard . wynora ( to liam and orpheus ) good work . now get the hell out of here as fast as you can . orpheus you bet . liam see you back at the hideout . wynora and Duke take off . liam ( cont 'd ) be careful . duke ( as they keep move ) who be they ? wynora Friends . 72 . back at the qpera the diva and the hero be in each other 's arm sing of they love for one another . izan and pax be engross . N on corr R wynora and Duke round a corner and bound up a long flight of stone stair . duke ( run ) what 's you name ? wynora wynora . now shut -up . just as they get to the top of the stair we see mile and wingding tie up two more unconscious guard . wynora ( cont 'd ) hurry up you two and make yourselves scarce . mile you get it . wingding be not this great ?! wynora and Duke rush to the front door . she peek out . her horse be right where she leave it . the coast be clear . ext . dungeon - night / same time wynora and Duke bust out of the door and run to the horse . she jump on . wynora ( hurried ) come on . get on . suddenly from around the corner a motorize government vehicle fill with gorilla guard spot wynora and Duke 's getaway . guard @ 1 that 's the talk humant guard # 2 she 's steal the slave ! the vehicle accelerate . Duke run to leap on the back of the horse . 73. wynora hold on tight ! duke what ? the horse bolt away . caught unaware the force fly Duke backward off the saddle . back hi R explode into a swell of electrify song , the cast and chorus sing out in a most riveting fashion . the exciting music and larger -than -life voice from the opera act as the score for duke and wynora on there hairraising escape . the horse fly down the road . the gorilla guard in hot pursuit arrel after they . wynora yell back to Duke . she do not realize he be not there . wynora hold onto my waist so you do not fall off . no response . wynora ( cont 'd ) hey ! wynora look back to see nothing . Duke 's foot be catch in the stirrup . he be be drag along the ground . Duke desperately try to pull himself back onto the saddle , but the wind current hold he down . duke ( yell ) give I you hand ! wynora what the hell happen ?! duke just gimme you hand ! wynora keep a eye on the road . she hold the rein with one hand and attempt to reach back for Duke with she other . Duke struggle to grab hold of she . the intense speed make it hard to control the animal . the gorilla vehicle chase after they . one of the guard reach over the windshield and take aim . 14 , Duke strain with all he might and stomach muscle to lift himself off of the ground . he stretch as far as he can to grab wynora 's hand . just as the tip of they finger touch ... bang ! a shot ring out and just miss Duke . startle , wynora grab the rein with both hand . Duke fall back again and drag along the ground . at_the opera the bass drum pound . the chorus sing feverishly . a whirlwind of excitement . on _the road bullet zing by wynora and Duke . Duke be strain again for wynora 's outstretch hand . ahead wynora see another government guard vehicle fill with gorilla guard . it be come straight towards they . wynora ( frantic ) hurry , grab my hand ! hurry !! Duke reach with all he might . they finger tip touch . the approach vehicle be near fast . bullet be whi2 zzing from both end . with a explosion of every bit of strength he have , Duke grab wynora 's hand tight . she pull with all she can muster . the vehicle be close fast . in a single , strong -arm , burst of might Duke be pull upward and onto the saddle . and not a moment too soon . at that instant wynora grab the rein with both hand and jerk the horse 's head up . the stallion leap into the air and in a amazing feat jump over the approach vehicle . the two vehicle slam on they break to avoid hit head on . both spin out of control . crash . they slam into each other side by side . a couple ape go fly onto the street . wynora 's horse land like a ballerina . she rear it and manuever the horse into a U -turn . Duke and wynora gallop right past the dishevel guard back in the direction they come . guard # 1 ( scream ) what the hell be you do come straight for we ? 78 . guard in other jeep ( scream back ) what the hell do you think we be do ? guard # 1 you nearly kill we . the gorilla vehicle will not restart . they be not mean to take such abuse . Duke and wynora fly like the wind . it appear as though they have make a clean getaway . suddenly two other military vehicle emerge from a side road scream after they . the chase be on again . the two vehicle gain fast on Duke and wynora . all the strength wynora 's horse can muster cannot compete with the guard transport . the two vehicle pull up on either side of wynora 's racing steed . Duke and wynora be horrify . in a quick sweeping move a guard from one of the vehicle throw a arm around tynozays neck and pull she off of the speed horse and into e vehicle . Duke , alone on the back of the horse , make a move to jump onto the vehicle to save wynora . he grab the window bar , but suddenly another guard from the opposite vehicle grab he foot . the riderless horse be leave behind as the two vehicle zoom forward . Duke 's body be a bridge between they . he be stretch to he absolute physical limit . Guards from each vehicle grab for Duke . Duke 's jaw drop in horror as the two vehicle be about to pass on either side of a tree . out of split second desperation Duke take he free foot and kick the driver in the eye , cause he to let go of the wheel . Duke then kick the steering wheel veer the vehicle away . he yank himself onto the vehicle carry wynora just before the tree would have knock he in half . the other vehicle careen out of control and crash head on into the base of a marble statue of izan . boom . Duke pull himself into the vehicle just as wynora heave a guard out of the back . the guard go tumble to the ground . a hairraise fight insue as Duke and wynora duel for they life with the remain two guard . the vehicle be all over the road . strangle . punch . pummel . Duke and wynora heave another guard out of the vehicle send he roll down a embankment . Duke and wynora turn to finish off the driver , but stop cold . the gorilla driver drive with one hand and point a gun at Duke and wynora with the other . could this be it ? 76 . the opera hl ns ... gorilla driver say you prayer . suddenly , wynora gasp . the driver be not pay attention to the road as he drive head - on towards a restrain stone wall . he mistake Duke and wynora 's expression as fear of he gun . Duke and wynora look at each other . the opera music reach [ ts frenzied crescendo ... just before the driver pull the trigger Duke and wynora jump off the back of the vehichle . in the same instant the driver pull the trigger and hit the wall full speed . the vehicle explode . simultaneously ... at the oper the giant cymbal crash together . the cast and chorus bow have just finish they tumultuous finale . uproarious applause . a stand ovation . izan clap wildly from he box . amidst the hoopla two guard enter izan 's box and whisper something to he . whatever it be , it 's get he instantly furious . the two guard , izan , and pax rush out . int . simiantarian hideout - same night all the member be in attendence ... Professor , mile , liam , orpheus : wingding , and wynora . Duke have they undivide a en on . duke I just hope cornelius will still speak to I once I get back . professor who would blame he if he do not . what you do be foolish . wynora ( tongue and cheek ) I can not believe it . even the human be talk about cornelius . wingding ( to Duke ) I think it 's so exciting . duke what good do it do ? I almost get myself and all of you kill , and for what ? izan be still walk around . I fail . 77 , wynora you do not fail . only by do nothing can we fail . you take a chance and I admire that . wingding when be you gonna try again ? we will help . duke ( shake he head ) for now I be go back home . but who know , I may be back . professor I think go home and stay home be a very wise idea . duke why do not you all come back with I ? this izan be make you life here a live hell . all the simiantarian look at each other . there be a moment of silence . duke ( cont 'd ) we live a great life in the forbidden Zone . I know you will all be welcome . orpheus tf we go with you there will be no one leave here to fight for what be right . duke it 's only a matter of time till you all catch and hang . mile we have not be catch yet . wynora besides this be we home . this be all we know . we can not run away from duke but all you know be oppression , and secret hideout , and public hanging . that 's no way to live e. Professor 78 , liam that 's why we be try to change it . duke how can you change anything lf speak you mind be grounds for capital punishment ? wynora ( with determination ) we do not speak out with we word . there be other way to be hear . shake he head in disapproval . orpheus ( with a twinkle in he eye ) a ape 's gotta do what a ape 's gotta do . a stillness fall over the room . Duke get the message . wingding , duke I understand . ( smile ) well , 1 € you will just point I in the direction of home , I '11 be on my way . liam no , you can not leave tonight . duke why not ? wynora the guard will have all the exit from the city block off ... the sewer will not even be safe . tomorrow night will be better . orpheus you will be safe here . mile , and orpheus get up to leave . wingding ( to Duke ) if we do not see you before you leave ... good luck . duke ( shaking thelr hand ) thanks ... thanks for everything . 79 , they cautiously exit the hidehout . liam ( to Duke ) be there a lot of human live free in the forbidden Zone ? duke yes . liam I be glad . liam and Duke shake hand . liam ( cont 'd ) see ya. duke bye. liam leave . now it 's just Professor and wynora . professor well , best get this old bone to bed . he walk to the door , hesitates , then turn to Duke . professor ( cont 'd ) Duke , I want to go with you . T want to see my old frien cornelius . wynora Professor . professor the way I think do not work around here anymore . duke of course . it will make cornelius very happy . Professor smile and leave . wynora and Duke sit alone in the dark room . wynora sorry you have to stay here alone , but 1 £ I do not go home it will look suspicious . duke that 's alright . I will be fine . 80 . wynora hesitates for a moment , then ... wynora Professor say there be a civilization of human before ape . be that true ? duke yes . I do not remember it personally , but ... they both chuckle . duke ( cont 'd ) we live in the ruin of a place call New York City . wynora that 's unbelievable . you know , you father be legendary to we simiantarian . duke oh yeah ? wynora yeah , for twenty year Professor have be talk about cornelius and Taylor , the speak human . to tell you the truth I be not certain I believe it all , but now ... duke it 's true . cornelius have a son here in the ... wynora pax . Professor 's tell we everything about cornelius . duke how have the secret manage to be keep from pax for so many year ? wynora it 's a testimony to izan 's tyranny . no one would dare breathe a word for fear of be execute . Duke be sadden . wynora start for the door . wynora not under any circumstance open this door for anyone unless they give the password . 81 . duke what be it ? wynora this week it 's " blue sky " ... only the six of we know it . duke okay . wynora I will be back first thing in the morning . sorry it 's not more comfortable in here . duke do not worry about it . just get some sleep . wynora open the door . wynora good-night . duke night . just as wynora be close the door he call out to she . wynora ... wynora ( peek back in ) yeah . duke thanks for the ride . wynora smile . the door shut behind she . Duke 1s alone now . he lean back in a chair and close he eye for some long await sleep . dissolve to ext . ape CITY - daybreak the yellow sun lazily rise signal a new day for the ape Empire . life go on even under the iron fist of oppression . on a STREET a horse draw street clean wagon wash the grime out of the gutter . 82 . ape vendor be set up they cart . a team of CITY worker raise the izanian flag up the flagpole that surround the city . hanging start early in the ape City . the henchape be testing the trap door . a couple of guard lead a line of prisoner , shackle at the ankle , to the gallow . we recognize one as izan 's fool . perhaps one too many bad joke . a small crowd be gather to watch the killing . oblivious to everything wynora walk briskly by the gallow . she carry a small basket . we follow she as she make she way through town . int . simiantarian hideout - morning a knock on the door startles Duke awake . instinctively he open it . there stand a angry wynora . wynora oh great . duke ooops . Blue sky , right ? unamuse she walk in and close the door . wynora that 's not funny . you could have get yourself kill . ( put the basket on the table ) I bring you some breakfast . Duke beam . he 's famish . he start eat , mostly fruit . duke thanks . I be starve . wynora we will have to lay low for the day . once it 's dark we will take the sewer to the end of town . duke where be the other ? wynora they be not come , only Professor . it 's too risky today . 83 , duke you sure you will not change you mind and come with we ? wynora ( shake she head ) T can not . duke that 's too bad . you would have like Ariel . wynora Ariel ? duke the woman I love . wynora smile . suddenly ... the peavy wooden door fly open with a crash . it break right off its hinge . Duke and wynora jump with shock . gorilla guard pour into the hideout and swarm all over the two frighten fugitive like wasp . guard # 1 think you would get away , huh , you scum ! Duke and wynora put up a fight but it be no use . the guard be too much for they . wynora let go of I . get you filthy hand off I . duke ( shout ) let go of she ! guard # 2 shut - up baldy . Duke and wynora be wisk out of the hideout with brute force . they kick and scream the whole way . the last gorilla in the room take the oil lantern off the table . he smashes it against the wall set the room on fire . ext . STREET - same time as Duke and wynora be be muscle out a doorway and onto the street , we see Professor approach with he suitcase . Professor 84 . stop abruptly . he be horrify but be smart enough to keep he composure . he watch through misty eye as Duke and wynora be throw into the cage of a official government paddy wagon . the wagon pull away . Professor drop he suitcase . a tear roll down he cheek as the paddy wagon disappear around a corner . Black smoke pour out of the doorway to the underground hideout . cuT to duke and wynora be thrown onto the dirt . they mouth hang agape ... eye as wide as saucer . they slowly stand up . it be deathly quiet . they be stand in the center of ... the arena ... the bleacher be pack with multitude of fan , all sit silent and still . suddenly izan 's rumbling voice bellows out from a megaphone horn .. izan ( os ) welcome to the great show in town . on izan , who loom larger than life from the bleacher , pax at he side . izan ( cont 'd ) ( sarcastically ) simian , anthropoid , and primate of all age ... might I attract you attention to we very special guest in the Arena today . you all remember Duke , the human who try to kill you Supreme and precious tzan in cold blood ? and stand next to he be wynora , the little chimpette , who try to help he escape , kill twelve of my guard in the process . petrify , Duke and wynora stare at izan . he point he pistol at they , fire with great precision . the bullet hit the ground near they foot in a cloud of dust . Duke and wynora leap back . izan be amused . izan ( cont 'd ) ( sardonically ) this be go to be fun ! Duke scream up to izan at the top of he lung . 85 . duke this be between you and I , izan . let wynora go . a rumble race through the bleacher . izan ( yell to the audience ) silencet have you never hear a speak human before ? there be instant quiet . izan ( cont 'd ) ( to Duke ) how typical . another bleed heart human . duke fuck youl ! the audience gasp in shock . izan 's eye bulge . he smile . izan the crowd explode like a bomb . a heavy door rise , open onto the Arena floor . out step ... the machine Duke and wynora be mortify at the size of this beast . wynora uh-oh , we be dead . for a second Duke clenches he eye shut ... duke ( to himself ) mind over muscle . mind over muscle . mind over muscle ... ( open he eye ) uh oh , you be right . the Machine lurch towards they like a steam roller . wynora grab Duke 's hand . they take off like bat 's out of hell . the Machine charge after they . round and round the arena they dash for they life . the Machine be gain . just when he in within reach ... duke ( yell ) now !! 86 . Duke and wynora stop suddenly and reverse direction . to he surprise they speed by the Machine on either side of he . the monster come to a screeching halt . he pivot and take out after they in the other direction , growling and snarling the whole way . Duke and wynora be racing at sonic speed . momentarily , Duke lose he foot and fall to the ground . he tumble like a roll doughnut , disorient himself . wynora keep run . the machine head straight for Duke . wynora ( scream ) Duke , look out ! the Machine leap into the air . just as he big black foot be about to crush Duke 's skull ... Duke blink back to he sense and roll to the side . thump . the Machine 's foot hit the dirt , just miss Duke 's head by a hair . the blood-hungry crowd boo and hiss . Duke bound to he foot . he 's off again . the Machine turn he back on Duke and race for wynora . her heart pound in she throat . Duke desperately try to distract the Machine . duke ( shouting at the top of he lung ) here I be you goddamn ugly ape ! over here ! over here ! the Machine turn a deaf ear and charge for wynora . he back she against the wall . she can run no further . duke sprint across the ring to save she . the Machine smile at wynora with he big black tooth . he lunge to flatten she against the wall . wynora duck in the nick of time . smack . his massive torso hit the wall with full force . she dart out between he hairy leg . she join Duke . they run . the crowd be relishing the action - pack fury . ape in crowd kill , kill , kill , kill .... from he box izan signal to a guard . with that the guard throw the long wooden pole into the center of the ring . Duke , wynora , and the Machine all stop . Duke and wynora look at each other , then make a mad dash for the pole . so do the Machine . they run head - on. 87 , Duke grab a end of the pole . the Machine grab the other end . the Machine swing the pole lift Duke off he foot . with a mighty swat Duke go fly through the air . he hit the ground with a thud . wynora hi-tail around and run for Duke . the Machine whip the pole at wynora 's flee foot . the pole fly through the air like a wayward helicopter propeller . it smack wynora 's ankle and tangles up she foot , send she tumble forward . Duke scramble to she side . they look up . the Machine be barrel toward they . think quickly , wynora and Duke each grab a end of the pole . they jump to they foot , hold the pole like a low limbo stick . Duke and wynora charge toward he . crack . the Machine hit the pole with he shin . he soar forward off he foot , and crash . he hit he head on the stone wall knock he unconscious . the crowd gasp in concerned horror . this have never happen before . jeer ring from the angry spectator . Duke take wynora 's hand and run with she to the center of the ring . they bow to all side . winner . izan clenches he tooth . he be furious , but act cool . pax turn to he father . pax ( more visibly upset ) Father , shoot they . izan ( look into the ring , grin ) not yet . pax look at Duke and wynora . Duke and wynora be wave to the crowd . smile beam across thelr face . suddenly , from behind they , ja n tan the crowd go insanely wild . unbeknownst to Duke and wynora the Machine walk up behind they . he put he arm around each of they shoulder and smile . they expression drop . they heart sink into they stomach . the Machine wave to he ador fan . izan and pax be elate . 88. duke {to the Machine ) I do not suppose we could finish this up tomorrow ? the Machine 's smile slowly fade to a scowl . he knock wynora away with one arm . she go sailing . the Machine take he other massive arm and tighten it around Duke 's neck in a vice - grip headlock . Duke be in agony . out of respect the Machine turn to izan . will it be thrumb up or thumb down ? the audience go silent . surprise ! it 's thumb down . the Machine dig he finger into the fleshy part of Duke 's neck . the beast let out a mighty roar of triumph . suddenly ... wynora thrust the wooden pole into the Machine 's gape mouth . choke the Machine drop Duke and reel backward . he yank at the pole that be lodge in he throat . Duke scramble to he foot . he and wynora run like the wind . izan be enraged . he grab the megaphone and bellow to the Machine . izan ( fume ) what the hell be the matter with you , dammit ? kill they you idiot . kill they or die ! with a forceful tug the Machine pull the pole out of he windpipe . crack . he break the pole over he knee and spit a wad of blood . Boy be he mad . the Machine take off after wynora and Duke like a rocket . Duke and wynora be run with all they might . they dash straight for the wall . the Machine be gain fast . with a burst of adrenelin strength Duke jump off the ground and grab onto the top of the restrain wall . he hoist himself into the front row of the bleacher . the shocked fan scurry . Duke reach down for wynora 's hand . he heave she up the wall . just as she be about to clear , the Machine grab she foot . how will she escape ? her shoe come off . izan ( raging into the megaphone ) will you stop embarrassing I , you moron , and get they . 89 . Duke and wynora storm up the bleacher through the scatter spectator . the Machine vault the wall and charge through the crowd after they like a bulldozer kill and knock ape out of he way leave and right . izan be not get he money 's worth . he watch the frenetic action with a scowl on he face . Duke and wynora speed through aisle on a mad dash for they life . they dart in and around seat . over scatter fan . and up to the top of the colisuem . the Machine follow close behind . the harrowing chase continue along the upper ledge of the coliseum . Duke and wynora do thelr best to balance as they run along the narrow top rim . the panoramic view of ape City and the desert behind they be spectacular . the crowd be go nut . the Machine be hot on Duke and wynora 's tail . the pace be fast and furious . suddenly , for lack of a shoe , wynora lose she foot and fall over the edge . wynora ( scream ) Duke !! she grab the ledge for dear life . cling by she fingertip wynora dangle sixty foot above [ zan Square . Duke rush to she aid : he pull with all he might , still try to maintain he alance . like a Sasquatch the Machine be get closer . as Duke strain to save wynora he eye catch movement in the distance . he look out and be stunne at what he see . duke ( sotto voce ) oh amy ! wynora ( scream ) duke ! look out ! Duke turn he head . there 's the Machine . in a single bolt of blind strength Duke heave wynora under he arm and leap over the edge . 90 . Duke and wynora fly through space . with he free arm Duke grab a flagpole . the force of they body send they spiraling down the flagpole like a corkscrew . down , down , down they spin . at the top of the coliseum the Machine hesitates . izan ( furflously ) after they you imbicile . the Machine look to izan in disbellef . izan ( cont 'd ) jump !!! the Machine jump off the edge for the flagpole . like a great terradactile he soar through the air . grabbing the flagpole , he massive weight prove too much . SNAP . the pole break . the Machine tangles up in the flag of izan as he plummet to the ground . slam . he hit the pavement like a slab of meat . outside the arena ... all the armed guard and scream fan pour out of the coliseum door and into izan Square . Duke clutches he ankle . wynora pull at he . wynora ( frantic ) come ont ! Duke try to right himself , but collapse again . duke ( in pain ) it 's my foot . run wynora run ! wynora ( tug at he ) you can do it ! come on ! the guard charge closer . Duke scream at wynora with rage . duke gott ! determined , wynora grab Duke 's arm to drag he if she have to . 91 . wynora damn you ! Duke try as hard as he can to move with wynora . she pivot to run ... suddenly she be face to face with a rear horse . she scream . it be Ariel . there in front of they on horseback stand Ariel , cornelius , and the human army poise and ready to take off like lighten . ariel ( scream ) duke ! quickly !! fynora hoist Duke onto the back of Ariel 's horse . Duke and Ariel iss . duke Ariel ! ariel I be so glad you be alive . wynora leap onto cornelius 's horse . cornelius ( to Duke ) thank heaven you be safe . wynora let 's get the hell outta here ! they horse rear to charge , but ... it 's too late . they be surround on all side by gorilla guard , rifle point at they head . trapped like rat . suddenly izan 's evil volce bellows out . izan cornelius ! dead-silence . score of ape surround the action , rivete . amongst they wingding , liam , mile , orpheus , and Professor . cornelius shudder . izan step out from the crowd . izan ( cont 'd ) cornelius , cornelius , what a pleasant surprise . ( to the crowd ) now here before I stand a ape I truly never think I would see again . 92 . cornelius hello izan . we have not come for trouble , only for Duke . and now if you will excuse we . izan not so fast . not so fast . it 's be so long since we have see each other . let I get a good look at you . ( scope he up and down ) you have get old cornelius . ( chuckle ) I want to introduce you to someone . cornelius ' eye widen . pax step out from the crowd and join izan . cornelius 's breath be take away by the sight of he son . he be speechless . Duke and Ariel be concerned . this must be torture . pax 's eye widen but he quickly resume a cold glare at cornelius . izan smirk . izan cornelius , have you ever meet my son pax ? pax make eye contact with Duke , then speak in a tone to satisfy izan . pax Father , who ts this old chimp ? duke ( scream out ) you know who he be pax ! izan shut-up ! ( to cornelius ) look at he , the pride of my Empire . someday this all will be he . and he will rule it my way ! pax stare at cornelius as if he be not there . izan ( cont 'd ) look around you cornelius . what do you see ? cornelius sit motionless . 93 . izan ( cont 'd ) wealth . power . fear . you be wrong . Taylor be wrong . I be right ! strength will always triumph over word . izan laugh at cornelius and he group of human . tzan ( cont 'd ) be this what you come here to battle I with ? a pathetic handful of human on horseback ? how typical cornelius . how very typical . cornelius we do not come here to battle . we come for Duke . duke cornelius be a brave ape than you be izan . he do not have to hide behind guard and gun and power . cornelius Duke ! izan be get very angry . duke I be not afraid of he cornelius . izan enough of this nonsense . I be get very bored with Duke . guard ! take aim . rifle cock . izan this be the last anyone will ever hear from a talk human . Guards . kill the mutant . cornelius not wynora nol suddenly a voice ring out . artel tf it 's mutant you want , then you will have to kill I too ! 94 , albert and I ! the guard head dart to find where the voice come from . izan who say that ? charlie who do you think izan ? jonas I do fzan ! GEORGE we mutant ! then izan , beside himself , realize the voice be human . dara t£ you kill Duke then kill I too . ariel what 's the matter izan , you scared ? duke izan , you look like you have see a ghost ! the guard be spook . izan be in shock that all the human can speak . they voice ring out loudly . they all shout at once . all the human wake up to the truth ... let we go ... peace on earth ... power to the people . . power to the speak word ...etc . the noise level grow . it 's drive izan insane . the human shout louder and louder . it be a frenzied whirlwind of confusion . pax be smile at this circus . cornelius ( scream over the noise ) you can not hide from the truth anymore izan . you have build a kingdom on lie . now let the truth tear it down . more craze than ever before izan shoot he pistol into the air and scream at the top of he lung ... izan silence !!! 95 . in_a desperate move of insanity izan hold the gun against pax 's head . pax 1s horrify . what 's go on ? pax Father !! cornelius ( panicked ) izan do not ! izan ( bellow to cornelius ) nobody make a fool of izan ! I warn you long ago cornelius if you ever come back here I would kill you son ! pax be shocked . it 's true . cornelius please izan , no ! I beg of y spare my son ! spare pax ! k instead ! ! ‘oul 411 I duke cornelius , no ! cornelius jump off he horse and run to izan and pax . cornelius kill I ! kill I ! but let pax livet izan sneer . izan ( press the gun into pax 's temple ) kill you instead of pax ? that be not the original agrement cornelius . you would not want I to go back on my word , would you ? pax Father , please . cornelius take I . spare my son . izan take the gun away from pax 's head . izan okay . pax life . you die ! 96 . Duke and Ariel be mortify . ariel ( shout to cornelius ) cornelius we need you . cornelius raise he hand to silence she . izan ( to pax ) pax , prove you loyalty to I and to the gorilla . put a bullet between this chimp 's eye ! Duke and Ariel look at each other , fear on they face . cornelius ' eye bug . with a glare of ice pax raise he pistol from he holster . he point it at cornelius . izan grin . pax stare into cornelius ' desperate eye . cornelius ( whisper ) always remember I be you real father . there be a uneasy stillness . pax cock the gun . everyone wait . pax 's hand begin to tremble . izan scowl . izan ( scream ) shoot ! pax 's hand quiver even more . izan be become furious . izan ( cont 'd ) shoot dammit ... shoot !! ferociously izan point he own gun at cornelius and cock it . just as he be about to pull the trigger ... will a ! the crowd be stunne . tzan ts livid . pax do not ! 97 . izan ( scream ) you would not dare ! pax ( with the evil that izan have teach ) Drop you gun ! izan ( scream again ) you would not dare ! pax coldly cock he pistol . he's learn from the master . izan ( smirk ) I have teach you well , you selfish , ungrateful , little chimp . you will pay dearly for this . I should have know ... once a chimp , always a chimp . as he speak suddenly ... from behind izan a hulk black monolith slowly rise to he foot and into frame ... the machine ! pax 's eye bulge . cornelius quake . Duke , Ariel , and wynora be petrify . izan be unaware , until ... the Machine 's titanic hand clamp down on izan 's shoulder like a vice . izan react with unbridle horror . the Machine whip izan around to face he . he clenches izan 's throat and lift he off he foot as if he be weightless . bang . bang . bang . bang . izan empty he gun into the Machine 's chest . the Machine do not flinch . then ... the Machine squeezy with he giant hand until ... crack ! izan 's neck snap . his eye roll over black . his pistol hit the ground . the Machine let go of izan 's limp body . thud . it hit the pavement . blood pour from the Machine 's chest and mouth . he rear he head and roar . the machine I always want to do that . then he fall forward ... dead . 98 , a chill silence . all eye turn to pax . pax stand for a long while over izan 's body . no one dare to move . pax 's eye slowly survey all the stare face . he be emotionless . pax walk over to a huge statue of izan which tower over all of izan square . his footstep be the only sound hear . he leap onto the base of the massive statue . pax ( shouting to al 1 ) izan be dead ! the legacy have come to pass . the Empire of the ape be mine ! the crowd listen silently . pax , a chimpanzee , will rule he Empire . izan teach I leadership . izan teach I strength . he teach I to rule relentless and hard . to rule with a iron £ist . to rule he way . there 's a tension in the air . what be he lead to ? pax ( cont 'd ) ( a dramatic pause ) but izan be right ... once a chimpanzee , always a chimpanzee ! from this day forward thing will be run my way . this day have open my eye to something I have be refuse to see for too long . I be tired of the lie . I be sick of the bloodsh . and I be weary from the hatred . pax shout with a passion never hear before . pax ( cont 'd ) today {ts a good day , for izan 's death mark the birth of a new age . the rule have change . the mol have be break . the torch have be pass to a new generation of primate . let the curtain of oppression rise . and let the sun sh not down on the Planet of the pes . at that very instant ... b- 0-0-0-0 -m! 99 . the head of the statue of izan that pax 1s stand under blows up in a ball of white fire . Sand , ash , and spark shower down on the mass like confetti on New Year 's Eve . the crowd explode into raucous cheer of happiness . amidst the hoopla pax reach out he hand to cornelius . pax Father . cornelius take pax 's hand . he be hoist up onto the base of the statue . he stand with he son . pax wave to the jubilant throng . the human jump down from they horse and rejoice with the ape . there be dance in the street . Ariel and Duke hug . they never expect this . orpheus and liam make they way through the bustling crowd to wynora . wynora which one of you plant that dynamite ? liam and orpheus point at each other simultaneously . wynora ( cont 'd ) ( laugh ) perfect timing . we could not have plann it better if we try . for a simiantarian this be paradise . they hoot and holler together . cornelius and pax be wave to the mass . they look at each other and suddenly twenty year be erase . cornelius put he arm around he son . they hug . in a burst of youth , Professor dance with a guard , square - dance style . all across the Empire the flag of izan be be rip down from they flagpole . the poster of he face be be tear off the wall . mile and singd be break open cage of human slave , set they free to join the jubilation . wynora and Duke hug . suddenly wynora hear she name be call . she look up to see pax hold out he hand to she . she cautiously take it and stand next to he . pax ( to wynora ) you be a brave chimp wynora . I like what you stand for . I will need you help . wynora and pax stare into each other eye . she nod and smile . close on ariel and duke as they kiss passionately . we slowly pull up ... up ... up to a aerial view of the ape City . as we hover above the mass celebration in the street , Ariel 's narration be hear . ariel ( vo ) and so the Planet of the ape be give a second chance . the legend would continue , but this time with a new hope for tomorrow and a value lesson from yesterday . we all know Taylor would be proud of we . perhaps from somewhere he 's even watch down and smile . dissolve to ext . beach - sundown Duke and Ariel sit on a horse together . Orange light fill the sky and glow on they face . the statue of Liberty jut half way out from under the sand . her symbol of freedom be as powerful today as it be thousand of year ago . Duke and Ariel smile up at '' Lady Liberty " and know they be on the dawn of a new age . fade to black the end