the " Fake " back to the future script . base upon a novelization of the original first draft script . the Real original can be read here : http://www.scifiscripts.com/scripts/back_to_the_future_original_draft.html back to the future screenplay by Robert Zemeckis & Bob gale Mach 11 , 1980 int . orpheum theater - laboratory of professor emmett brown the credit begin to roll across the tv screen for the movie Close encounter as the 3 / 4 -inch cassette finish copying over to beta and vhs . seventeen - year-old marty mcfly look up from he issue of Rolling Stone , where he be check out a ad for a guitar amp . maybe after a few more pirate tape he would have enough money to buy it . marty set the magazine down and stop the tape , rewind they , then take a pen and carefully write , Close encounter , original edition on the label . he place the master tape in a drawer . other title of bootlegge videotape jump out at he as he do so : the Empire strike back , stir crazy , and superman ii . marty turn off the video equipment and pick up he schoolbook , along with the other two videocassettes . he walk into another room connect to the video lab . this one be much larger , fill with workbench cover with electronics , chemical equipment , and dust . marty Professor Brown ! it 's almost eight thirty -- I be outta here ! professor emmett brown shhhhhhhh ! Professor emmett Brown hiss , he white head bent over what look to marty like a solar cell . at 65 , he be consider the town eccentric , a inventor who 's invention do not always work the way they be suppose to . Professor Brown be tall -- though he posture have grow more hunch with age -- and have a mane of shaggy white hair that be almost always unruly and uncomb . at the moment , the Professor try to get the cell position under the skylight in a certain way , maybe to catch the sunlight . marty step closer to he , curious on what the project be . whatever he be work on it look old , maybe 30 year . the Professor pour some kind of chemical solution into a compartment in the cell and plug a patch cord from it into a voltmeter . a light bulb on the panel glow dimly and the meter needle move slightly . professor emmett brown blast it ! twenty four measly volt ! Professor Brown throw a flask across the room in he frustration , shatter it against the wall . marty jump back , startle . professor emmett brown the power of a million hydrogen bomb ! ( point to the sun that shine down though the skylight , then to he experiment ) ... and we get twenty four measly volt . it 's not fair ! I have be work on this power converter since 1949 , and you would think in all that time , I could find the right chemical that would efficiently convert radiation into electric energy ! but no ! thirty three year of dedication and research , and all I have get to show for it be a bootleg video operation ! marty that remind I , if we could scrape up enough for a 35 film chain , I have get a connection with a projectionist in a first run house -- we could be sellin ' new movie on the street before they be even in the theater . professor emmett brown a 35 mm film chain ... I will see what I can do .... he turn he attention back to he power converter . marty cross the room , head for the front door . he pause at the door next to it , the one with five lock on it , and try the knob . it be still lock . Big surprise , he think with some disappointment . professor emmett brown wo not give up , will you , marty ? Professor Brown ask without turn around . marty grin . marty one of this day you be gonna leave this door open and I will find out what 's in there . Professor Brown glance at he . professor emmett brown do you ever consider that some door be lock for a reason ? marty nope . the way I figure it , door be make to be open . see you after school . professor emmett brown oh -- marty -- what time do you say it be ? marty stop in he track , a few step away from the stair . marty eight thirty . professor emmett brown am or pm ? marty ( roll he eye ) pro , the sun 's out ! professor emmett brown oh , right , right ... ( glance up at the skylight ) marty jeez , for a guy with a ton of clock , you sure do not pay much attention to time . Professor Brown look quickly at all the synchronize clock around the room . professor emmett brown on the contrary , ( stand up and walk toward marty ) I may not pay much attention to the measurement of time , but I be very aware of time itself . I believe time to be its own dimension ... to be control ... to be contain .... marty run down the stair , have have enough of the Professor 's weird rambling . marty catch you later ! ( he call over he shoulder ) professor emmett brown ( continue speak to the empty room ) ... to be travel through he reach into he lab coat pocket and pull out some key . one - by - one , the Professor unlock the lock on the door . finally , he open it and walk inside . int . laboratory of professor emmett brown - locked room a tangle of equipment be in the center of the room with a number of lense at the end of the maze . it resemble nothing so much as a large ray gun or laser . Professor Brown stand back and admire it . if only I could harness enough power ! he say wistfully . ext . orpheum theatre - morning marty open the door at the end of the stair and step out on the street before the orpheum theater . the place have be abandon year before , it 's window board over . the marquee still spell out the last movie that have play there , Assembly of Christ . Professor Brown reside on the third floor of the structure , the only person who use the premise now . marty walk down the street , head for Wilson 's Cafe . park a hundred foot down the street be a black van . the sign on it read N.R.C. and two man be carefully put sample of water from a gutter into little test tube . marty glance at they for a moment , somewhat curious . they ignore he . he reach the cafe and go inside . int . wilson's cafe the owner , Dick Wilson , be sit behind the counter . only thirty - five , he already have lose more hair than remain on he head . even though he be a good hundred pound overweight , he be eat a Babe Ruth candy bar while read a newspaper . marty Morning Dick . dick ( set the candy bar down ) marty . what 's for breakfast ? marty gimme some chili , fries , and a tab . marty glance down at the newspaper lie on the counter . dick hot tip , ( bring marty he drink ) rubber biscuit in the third race at Arlington . marty ( nod ) Dick , what 's with that guy out there in the gutter ? ( tilting he head towards the window ) dick ( squint out the window and shrug ) third time they have be out there this week . marty watch they for a moment , load up the water sample in the van . marty what 's n.r.c .? dick ( shrug again ) I do not know . National Cash Register ? int . high school later that afternoon , marty stare at the textbook page in he hand . it show a photo of a mushroom cloud with the word , last above ground atomic test , March 18 , 1952 , Atkins , nevada . he take he pen and write the letter m.m + s.p. on the cloud and draw and arrow through it , like a valentine . he add at the bottom , how about the dance Saturday ? we will have a blast ! in the background he science teacher , Mr. arky , drone on with the day 's lecture . mr . arky there be only three above ground Atomic test in the United States , so the government take every opportunity to study the effect of radiation . actual single family tract home be construct on the test site , totally furnish with refrigerator , tv 's , furniture .... what a waste of perfectly good stuff , marty think . mr . arky ... anything you could find in a typical home , just so scientist could learn what kind of damage a atomic bomb would do to a typical town . they even put mannequin in the house , just like in auto crash test . marty tore the page with the picture and note out of he book . he turn to look at suzy parker , the pretty alburn-haire girl across the aisle and a seat behind he . he quickly fold the page and wink at she before toss it deftly on she desk . the teacher do not notice . mr . arky but the fact remain that today , thirty year after that early nuclear test , the threat of nuclear annihilation be as great as it ever be . certainly , nuclear annhiliation be something you all must have think about . any question , comment , idea ? no , marty think , glance around . everyone in the class apparently agree with he . mr . arky anyone ? I be talk about the complete and total destruction of the entire world . do not anybody have anything to say about it ? no one raise a hand . Mr. arky 's face begin to turn red . mr . arky how about you , Mr. Jackson ? he ask , raise he voice . would you like to share some of you wisdom with the class ? Jackson do not look up from the textbook , ignore the teacher . marty feel something brush against he foot and look down to see the fold note that he have give suzy on the floor . he lean over and scoop it off the floor . Mr. arky continue to ask for volunteer . mr . arky Mr. Gomez ? any thought ? miss parker ? Mr. crump , any reaction ? marty unfold the note and look at it . beside the cloud the word , that 's sick ! have be write in loopy cursive . marty turn the page over . on the back be the word , yes . he smile , then be rudely snap out of he thought by the science teacher 's irritate voice . mr . arky how about you , Mr. mcfly ? arky ask , strolling over to he desk . marty quickly crumpled the note and shove it in he pocket before the teacher could see it . he stare at he graffitty desk top , wishing Mr. arky would go away . mr . arky do you even hear the question , Mr. mcfly ? marty look up , face the inevitable . he might as well give he honest opinion . marty yeah ... you want to know what I think about atomic bomb . well , I would kind of like to see one . Mr. arky lean forward so he face be a few inch from marty 's . mr . arky you would like to see a nuclear holocaust ? marty not a holocaust -- mr . arky Mr. mcfly here want to nuke it all , just so he can see it ! a couple student start to laugh . marty sit up straighter , glare at the teacher . marty you know damn well that 's not what I mean . mr . arky all I can say be , that 's one helluva attitude , Mr. mcfly . ' let 's explode a hundred megaton geothermal nuclear device , just to see it . ' marty feel he face turn red with anger and embarrassment . marty yeah , explode it up you ass ! mr . arky unfortunately , the way thing be go , you may get you wish . you may see the entire annhiliation of the world . if not , you will certainly see the destruction of all out natural resource . we can already see the air we breathe , not to mention the pollution in we river and lake . we will see all of we oil reserve deplete , in fact , all of we energy source . yes , you people have a lot to look forward to -- a lot to see . marty hey , Mr. arky , gimme a break ! ( roll he eye ) I be seventeen year old ! I be not responsible for all this problem ! the anger in Mr. arky 's face suddenly vanish . he sigh , a sound of defeat . mr . arky no , of course you be not . not for the problem , no . but for the solution ... yes . the bell ring , end the school day . everyone leap out of they desk and rush for the door . mr . arky see you tomorrow . ext . high school ten minute later , marty be outside at the front of school , head for a group of he friend , who be already give other student videotape in return for cash . rafe newton hey marty , ( head he way ) sport I fifty ' till the weekend , would ya ? I be down to my last twenty . marty shook he head . marty can not man . I be savin ' up for that new amp . rafe newton well , when you be a big rock star , how about loanin ' I a grand ? marty you get it ! ( check he watch ) I gotta go . Donaldson , one of he friend , stand next to he . he look at marty 's watch . donaldson hey man , what happen to you digital quartz ? marty in the shop , so I be sport this antique . ( lift he leave hand with the watch on it ) check out this wind - up action , ( point to the gold timepiece ) Donaldson look at it with minor interest as the both of they go down the front step of the school . donaldson hey , you wanna come over ? get high ? marty maybe tomorrow . I gotta dupe some more tape . Donaldson snap he finger . donaldson hey , that remind I -- my brother 's gettin ' marry next week and I be throwin ' a party for he . can you provide some entertainment ? marty nodd , have the perfect thing in mind . marty yeah , I can run something off this afternoon . int . orpheum theater - laboratory of professor emmett brown the man and woman be really go at it now , breathe hard and moan . typical sound of sex . marty watch for a moment , then shook he head and turn away from the porno video he be copying for he friend . twist the volume down as the couple start to get really noisy , he fished some cash out of he pocket and place it in the cigar box where he be store all the money he be save to use for that new amp . he get up from he chair and walk out of the room into Professor Brown 's lab . the Professor be lie on he cot , asleep , with a heavy blanket cover he . marty walk quietly over to the refrigerator and open it , take out a bottle of Coke . as he be pull the soft drink out , he hand accidentally bump against a orange lie beside it . before he have a chance to catch it , it bounce out of the fridge and roll across the floor , vanish under the cot . marty set down the Coke on top of the fridge and bent down to pick the orange up . he push aside the blanket and see a crate , purple radioactive emblem on it . marty frown as he read the label . extreme danger ! radioactive plutonium ! authorize personal only ! do not handle without Radiation suit . near the bottom be the word , property of San onofre nuclear power Plant , San onofre , California . right next to the word California be the orange . take a deep breath , marty stand up and kick the orange out from under the cot with he right foot . he slowly back away , he eye on the crate , before pick the orange up and toss it into the trash can next to the refrigerator . marty glance at the Professor , relieved to see that he have not wake up . try to forget what he have see , marty pick the Coke bottle up and twisted the cap off , take a quick swig from it before walk over to a cage with a organ-grinder monkey in it . marty hey , shemp. ( softly ) how ya doin ' ? the monkey gaze back at he with dark eye . marty unlatch the cage door and let the animal out . shemp quickly climb up he arm and sit on he shoulder . marty cross the room , over to the table where the power converter be still set up , rest on some old blueprint . he lean over for a closer look at that . the top blueprint be for something call , photo-electric Chemical power converter . the sketch on the blueprint match the power converter that the Professor have be mess with earlier . marty flip that blueprint back to look at the other one - by-one . 15 tube mechanical Home butler . it look like some kind of robot . aero - mobile , a weird - look fly car . and a write -o - matic , which look like a pen with a suction cup at the end of a attach wire . marty let the blueprint flip back and stare at the power onverter . the last few ray of the afternoon sunlight filter through the skylight and shine down on the photo-cell . marty look closer and notice a funnel shape thingy jutting out of the chemical chamber . he look at it for a moment , temptation building , then reach over and pour some of the Coke in the funnel . he have not even pull he arm back when a bright spark shot out of the opposite end of the device , make a loud crack noise . marty jump several foot away , he heart pound , almost drop the bottle in he hand . professor emmett brown what happen ?! the Professor jump out of he bed and run over to the table where the power converter sit . marty well , I be not sure exactly -- I accidentally spill some Coke in here . ( point to the funnel ) just a drop ! the Professor quickly hook up the voltmeter and light bulb to the converter . professor emmett brown give I that ! Professor Brown snatch the bottle from marty 's hand . he pour some more of the drink into the funnel . the bulb start glow brightly and the meter jump . the whole thing start to make a hum noise . Professor Brown dumped in more Coke . the light grow even brighter , then suddenly explode ! marty flinch , but do not turn away . he be die to know what that thing be suppose to be do . he want to know almost as bad as he want to get into that lock room several foot away . the voltmeter needle raise off the scale as the power converter begin to vibrate , so violently that it fall off the table ! the Professor stare at the floor where the converter lay , he hand start to tremble . he have a strange look on he face , disbelief mix with excitement . he look carefully at the Coke bottle . professor emmett brown what 's in this stuff ? marty give a shrug , not understanding why Professor Brown want to know . marty nobody know the formula for coca-cola . it 's the most closely guard secret in the world ! the Professor be silent for a moment , he gaze far away . he finally pick the power converter up and walk across the room , take out a key ring from he pocket . professor emmett brown I will see you tomorrow ! he say as he begin to unlock the forbidden door . before marty could ask he any question , the Professor open the door and shut it firmly behind he . marty hear the sound of lock click into place , then all be silent . int . mcfly house - marty' bedroom that evening , wear headphone plugge into he turntable , marty walk around he bedroom , follow the music on he own electric guitar . poster of rock star cover the surround wall . he be try to find the drill he have be use earlier , move the miscellaneous junk that cover he furniture and floor with the top of the guitar 's neck . under the Rolling Stone on the dresser be some tool -- but not the drill . a couple issue of heavy Metal and the lampoon hide some homework on the desk he have forget to turn in . the record end and marty take the headphone off . marty who steal my drill ? ( yell out the door ) marty 's mom shout a reply . eileen dinner 's ready ! with a sigh , marty set he guitar down and go downstairs . int . mcfly house - live room he stop in the live room on the way to the kitchen . his father , George mcfly , be sit on the couch and watch a box match on the tv . marty anybody see the drill ? dad continue to stare at the tv , ignore or not hearing the question . eileen mcfly look into the live room from the kitchen . eileen I have be call you for five minute ! do not you hear I ? marty I be practice . I have get a audition next week -- I gotta practice . how be I gonna get famous if I do not practice ? Mom shook she head . once , a long time ago , she have be quite attractive . now , at the age of 47 , it be easy to see the toll age have take . her brown hair be streak with grey and she face be puffy , line with wrinkle . both of marty 's parent have not age that gracefully . eileen you will not get famous if you do not eat , either ! she duck back into the kitchen . marty turn back to he dad . marty dad , you see the drill ? GEORGE what drill ? marty the drill ! ( exasperate ) the power drill I buy you for Christmas . I be use it last night . dad do not move he gaze from the tv . GEORGE it will turn up . marty shook he head and go into the kitchen , sit down as he mother put the food on the table . she lean back into the live room . int . mcfly house - kitchen eileen George , dinner 's ready ! marty 's father continue to stare at the tv , fully absorb in the box match . GEORGE come , eileen ! he make no move to get up . eileen now , George ! dinner 's ready now ! GEORGE come , eileen ... a moment later a commercial come on the tv and George mcfly finally get up and start to roll the tv on it 's stand to the dining room . eileen how be school today ? marty Fine . eileen learn anything ? marty oh yeah . eileen ( smile ) that 's good . his dad finish adjust the tv and sit down . GEORGE how be school today ? ( pick up a fork and start to eat ) have not he just do this ? marty Fine .. GEORGE learn anything ? marty oh yeah . GEORGE good . dad turn he eye back to the tv as the match resume . marty look down at the newspaper , examine the sport score , and he mom stare off into space . there be complete silence , during which the sportscaster do he blow - by - blow on the tv . eventually Mom speak , during another commercial break . eileen by the way , that remind I ... ( gesture to the tv 's burger ad ) Saturday night we be take grandma stella out for chinese food . GEORGE eileen , chinese food again ? eileen George , if you do not want chinese food , pick a place you want to go and make a reservation . marty that mean he will have to pick up the phone , ma . as expect , he dad back down . GEORGE no , chinese food be fine . marty Saturday night 's the ' springtime in Paris ' dance . I be take suzy parker . eileen ( thoughtful ) the ' springtime in Paris ' dance . you hear that , George ? they be still have the ' springtime in Paris ' dance ... that be we first date , remember George ? I remember everything about that night . remember the first time we kiss ? it be during the last dance . they be play that Eddie Fisher song , ' turn back the hand of time ' . I even remember how you ask I out . we be in the cafeteria . you be so scared , you spill you cream corn . dad continue to look at the tv , not show any sign of hearing he wife . marty and I probably will not be here when you wake up Sunday morning . suzy and I be gonna go down to the lake and watch the sunrise . his dad look away long enough from the tv to frown at he . GEORGE the sunrise ? what for ? marty jeez , what do you think ? to see it ! his dad turn away to the tv , the look on he face puzzle . unfortunately , he mom be not as easily distract . eileen you mean you be go to stay up all night ? marty Mom , how else be we gonna see the sunrise ? eileen I do not think I like the idea of you stay out all night with a girl ! Mom decide , shaking she head firmly . marty roll he eye . marty hey , ma , gimme a break . before they could discuss the subject any further , there be a heavy pound on the back door . eileen would you answer that , George ? eileen ask when no one else make a move to . her husband ignore she . heaving a sigh , marty finally stand up to answer it . the visitor be not one of he favorite people . biff tannen stand on the porch , he stomach hang over the pants in he security guard uniform . his shirt be untucked and the tie be undone . the patch on he shoulder read special Security Officer . he be a 47 - year - old jerk who like to push he father around and marty have no need for he whatsoever . biff feel the same way about he . biff well , well , he smirk when marty open the door . if it be not the neighborhood bootlegger , Al capone mcfly ? marty what do you want , biff ? biff show I some respect , you little asshole . it 's special Officer tannen to you . marty ( mumble ) the day I show respect to biff tannen will be the day I win a million dollar ... what 's the matter , biff , they be not show you any respect down at the golf course ? do not they realize what a tough job it be keep the criminal element away from the country club ? biff listen you little asshole , I oughta -- marty what do you want , biff ? biff where 's you old man ? marty take a step back and point over he shoulder to the kitchen . biff push he way into the house and marty see he have a break power drill and some bit in hand . he suddenly feel sick . biff hey mcfly , what 's with this cheap - ass drill you be give I ? thing burn up first time I use it ! almost ruin my whole engine block ! marty shook he head in disgust as he sit down again at the table . his dad immediately turn away from the tv . GEORGE uh -- biff ... ( point to the bit ) this be wood bit . say so right here . you be not suppose to use they on you engine block . biff look , mcfly , I know a lot about tool . this be a cheep - ass drill ! you be just lucky I do not ruin my engine block . next time you buy tool , let I know . I will help you pick out some good one . he hand George the drill . biff oh -- and one more thing . my kid 's sell girl scout cookie . I tell she you be good for four box . do not make I a liar ! George nodd quickly and biff leave , slamm the door behind he . George turn to look at he wife , who give at he a know , sympathetic look . GEORGE how do you like that guy , use wood bit on a engine block ? ( laugh nervously ) marty could not take it anymore . he jump up from the table and run into the live room , grab he silver porsche jacket out of the closet . eileen where be you go ? ext . mcfly house marty open the front door and slam it shut in reply . he pull he jacket on as he cross the front lawn . reaching the mailbox , he give the number on it , 777 , a good slug , then kick he dad 's car beside it in the street for good measure . ext . neighborhood STREET - night half a hour later , he be walk down a neighborhood street with suzy parker . marty ... he just let himself get push around all the time ! people walk all over he and he never fight back , never stand up for himself . suzy no self confidence , I guess ... at least you do not take after he . marty yeah ... Jesus ! I wonder how he ever get up enough nerve to marry my mom . suzy do not say anything for a few moment . suzy can you imagine you parent in bed together ? marty no way ! suzy I neither . I have always wonder whether they sleep together before they get marry . you think yours do ? marty Hell no ! the way my mom carry on about sex -- you even mention the word and she go into cardiac arrest . you shoulda see she face when I tell she we be gonna stay up all night Saturday , he add . always afraid something be go to happen . suzy ( suddenly coy ) be something go to happen Saturday night ? before marty could answer she , a skateboard suddenly hit he foot . he look up to see two kid about fifty foot down the street , run a obstacle course . the one who have be on the board be slowly get to he foot off the asphalt . marty jump on the board and skate over to the kid . maybe it be because suzy be there , but he show off as he weave through the obstacle , jump over the last one and landing perfectly , then flipping the board into the air and catch it . the kid be wide - eye as marty hand it to the owner . kid wow , you be good ! marty grin and walk back over to a impressed suzy . marty just like riding a bike -- you never forget how to do it . ext . suzy's house a minute later they be stand in front of suzy 's house . suzy well ... she say slowly . here we be ... they stare at each other for a moment . marty thanks . marty say softly , lean forward and kissing she . suzy smile and walk to she door . suzy see you later . marty watch she as she step inside , then turn around and start to walk back home . a black sedan slowly pass he . a moment later , marty notice headlight shine from behind he and whirle around to see that the black sedan have turn around and seem to be follow he . marty see the car have the letter N.R.C. on it , like that van have . he step to the side of the street , on the sidewalk , and the car pull up beside he and stop . two tall man dress in black suit get out . they look like secret service man . n.r.c . agent reese good evening , one say . Agents reese ( point to he buddy ) and foley , from the nuclear Regulatory commition . ( pull out id and flash it to marty ) mind step over here ? marty what 's this all about ? n.r.c . agent foley routine radiation check . he take a geiger counter from the car and run it up and down marty 's body . nothing happen until it get by he foot , especially he right foot . then it make loud click noise . the two man exchange some kind of look . n.r.c . agent reese have you get any identification ? marty hand he he wallet after a moment 's hesitation . marty what , be I radioactive or something ? n.r.c . agent reese no , no , not beyond a acceptable level . have you be x-ray recently , Martin ? n.r.c . agent foley perhaps be in contact with some luminous paint ? foley add . marty ( frown at they ) no ... n.r.c . agent reese be any place unusual in the past twelve hour ? marty Home , school , here ... ( shrug ) n.r.c . agent foley be in the vicinity of 2980 Monroe Avenue today ? ask foley . marty where ? n.r.c . agent reese over by the old orpheum theater . marty hesitate for a moment before answer . they be talk about where Professor Brown live . he remember the box he have see under the bed . suddenly , marty have a million question for the Professor . marty no . reese finally hand he back he wallet . n.r.c . agent reese okay , Martin . you have a good evening now . marty yeah , ( jam he wallet back into he pocket ) right . the two man get back into they car and drive off . marty watch they a moment , then sprint the other way down the street ! ext . orpheum theatre - night marty run through the street all the way to the orpheum theater . the street be desert , save for a newspaper blow down in the gutter . reaching the door to the upstairs of the dilapidate building , marty take hold of the knob and turn it . it resist and he try again , hope it be stick . he juggle it around but it do not budge . no doubt about it . it be lock . marty take a step back and look up , at the third floor . a moment later the quiet of the night be shattered by all three of the third floor window be blow out by a huge gush of air ! Jesus ! marty gasped , ducking he head as shred of glass rain down . a moment later he try the door again , but it be still lock . after weigh the pro and con of the matter , marty break the glass window in the door and reach around to unlock it himself . int . orpheum theater - laboratory of professor emmett brown once inside , he run up the step to the lab . the first thing he notice be that the mysterious door with all the lock be completely un lock ! a crack of light shine brightly under the bottom of the door . marty open it up and step inside . he blink , wonder if he be see right . Professor Brown be stand next to what look like a old furnace and hot water heater throw together with some boiler room part . he have one hand on a rope attach to a metal lever and be mess with some dial and gauge with the other hand . shemp , wear he organ grinder outfit , sit on a stool , a digital watch on a cord around he neck . some kind of long tube with lense in it be point at he . marty Professor ! the Professor look up , startle . professor emmett brown get behind that lead shield ! the Professor order , point to a large grey sheet of metal next to the wall . marty stare at he incredulously . marty but Professor -- professor emmett brown get behind the shield ! I be about to release radiation ! marty look at he for a moment more , then darte behind the shield . he watch from around the side of it as the Professor pull the rope a tiny bit . the next moment , all hell break loose ! the low hum all the machinery make grow louder and high pitch . static electricity crackle in the air . the sound grow louder and the monkey look around , curious . a minute later , the Professor let go of the rope , he eye on a watch , and a red beam of light -- like a laser -- hit shemp directly in the chest . marty wince at the high pitch noise in the room . less then a second after the laser -- or whatever it be -- hit the Professor 's pet , shemp vanish , take the top of the stool with he ! Air suddenly rush into the room , whipping loose papers around . the noise die down and marty step out from behind the shield , he heart pound from all he have witness . marty Jesus !! Professor , you just disintegrated shemp ! Professor Brown shook he head , a smile play around he lip . professor emmett brown no , marty . shemp 's molecular structure be completely intact ! marty then where the hell be he ? professor emmett brown the appropriate question to ask be when the hell be he ! you see , shemp have just become the world 's first time traveller . I have send shemp into the future -- two minute into the future to be exact . marty the future ? what be you talk about ? where 's shemp ?! professor emmett brown shemp be right here in this room ... two minute from now , and at exactly 9:02 pm , we will catch up to he . marty now hold on a minute , Professor ! hold the phone . be you try to tell I that this -- all of this here -- that this be -- it 's a -- a -- for some reason , he could not get the word out . professor emmett brown ...a time machine . Professor Brown confirm with a nod . marty find a chair and sit down in it quickly before he leg could give out on he . professor emmett brown I always know it would work ! I know it would work when I build it thirty three year ago . but I be never able to harness enough power to test it . power be the key . massive amount of energy to accelerate matter to the speed of light while create a intense gravitational field . but generate that kind of energy have never be possible ... until this afternoon . marty take a couple of deep breath as he wait for the room to stop spin around he . marty a time machine ! because of that Coke ?! professor emmett brown precisely ! ( nod ) he walk around the room , point out various part of the machinery as explain . professor emmett brown the power converter , now operate at peak efficiency , thanks to the chemical makeup of coca -cola , channel energy into the flux capacitor , which release several jigowatt in a fraction of a millisecond . electron acceleration take place here ... and the result be the temporal displacement beam you see a few moment ago . the entire process be trigger when I release the rope . marty finally stand , he leg still shaking a little from the shock . marty I think that power converter thing operate on solar energy . there 's no sun , ( point to the ceiling and wall ) not only be it night out , but all the window have heavy shade draw over they . professor emmett brown solar energy would have work just fine ... if I could have place the converter about a mile from the surface of the sun . instead , I have create similar condition in this reactor here . ( point to the rope ) the higher I raise the cadmium rod , the more energy I release from the plutonium core , and the further through time I can send a object . marty snap he finger , suddenly remember . marty the plutonium ! that 's what I come over here for ! Professor , where do you get that stuff ? professor emmett brown why ? the inventor stare at he with suspicious , he eye narrow . professor emmett brown I just get stop in the street by federal agent check I for radiation ! I figure they be after you plutonium ! Professor Brown look over at a digital clock on the wall . marty follow he gaze and see that it be 9:01:50 . almost two minute have pass since the experiment . it have feel like twice that long . professor emmett brown ten second ! the Professor dash over to the place where he beam have hit shemp . marty run after he , stop when he friend raise a arm . professor emmett brown brace yourself for a sudden displacement of air ! marty watch the clock . the second last forever . 9:01:55...56...57 ... 58 ...59 ... at that moment , a strong wind gust in the room and shemp suddenly appear , literally out of thin air . the top of the stool come back with he and fall to the ground . the monkey screech as he hit the ground and scramble onto some equipment nearby . marty shemp ! Professor Brown walk calmly over to the animal and pick he up . he quickly look he over , the monkey squirming to get free , then examine the watch around he neck . he hold it up for marty to see . 9:00:10 . marty check the clock on the wall . 9:02:10 . professor emmett brown exactly two minute difference ... ( triumphantly ) and it 's still tick ! marty be shemp all right ? Professor Brown set the monkey down on the ground he quickly run off to the other side of the room . professor emmett brown of course . shemp be unaware that anything even happen , other than he stool suddenly fall over . we have to wait two minute to catch up to he , but for shemp the trip be instantaneous . marty Professor , can this thing send shemp back in time ? the Professor think about that for a moment . professor emmett brown theoretically , yes , if I be to reverse the polarity . he point to a switch near the rope with a plus and minus at opposite end . it be currently up in the plus position . marty jeez , Professor , you have get a gold mine here ! the Professor frown , as if he do not understand . professor emmett brown a gold mine ? marty sure ! listen -- we take the racing result from today 's paper ... he grab a newspaper from earlier that day at a nearby table and quickly flip through to the sport score . marty here they be . we send them with shemp back to yesterday , we get the information , put we money on the win horse , and become billionaire ! Professor Brown start to shake he head . professor emmett brown marty , that would alter history . marty so what ? we would be rich ! professor emmett brown do not you understand ? the mere act of send matter back in time would change the course of event , and change history be a responsibility that I do not wish to bear . marty sigh , lowering the paper . marty all I know be you be throw away a awful lot of money . professor emmett brown the future , marty , the future be everything ! I build this machine to see the future . so I be go to send shemp twenty - four hour into the future . you can assist I , if you like . marty sure , he agree quickly . the Professor leave the room for a moment , say something about a cassette recorder . marty wait for a second , then quickly rip the racing result off the sport page and circle the date with a pen that have be in he pocket . he go over to shemp , stuff the clipping in the pocket on he vest , then glance out the door . the Professor be rifling through the papers on he desk , he back to the door . marty rush over to the polarity switch and yank the lever to the minus sign . a couple second later , Professor Brown return , a Micro - cassette recorder in hand . he lock the door , then hand the recorder to marty . professor emmett brown take this , stand at the panel . ( point to a wall of switch near the beam ) and read off the radiation level . I want to have a record of what happen here . be sure to tell I when we reach 85 rad . marty nodd and step over to the panel . right before he be a meter with the rad level . he have he eye on it as Professor Brown fix the stool a few foot away . professor emmett brown come on , shemp , this will not hurt a bit . the Professor murmured as he pick up the monkey and place he on the stool again . after do that , he return to the rope switch , across the room from where marty stand and on the other side of shemp . marty watch he carefully , but he do not seem to notice the lever at the minus sign . professor emmett brown here we go ! the Professor warn , throw a few switch . the equipment start hum again and Professor Brown slowly reach for the rope and start tug on it . marty Radiation level , 10 rad . marty say look at the meter , hold the microphone in the recorder up to he mouth as he speak . marty stabilization coefficient , .43 . 16 rad coefficient .44. 37 rad , .46 . 51 rad , .46. 73 rad , .47 ... marty hear a loud noise from behind he and spun around to see the lock door kick open . the dust have not even clear before marty realize it be the N.R.C. agent , reese and foley . behind they he see a huge throng of police and other official people . the agent jump into the room with .38 gun draw . n.r.c . agent reese everybody freeze ! n.r.c .! professor emmett brown get back ! Professor Brown cry , wave he leave hand . the other one be still hold onto the rope . n.r.c . agent foley Jesus Christ ! ( see the machine the Professor be stand beside ) it 's a goddamn reactor ! reese point he gun at Professor Brown . n.r.c . agent reese you ! shut it down ! now ! marty stare at the whole scene , mouth hang open . he feel strangely detach from it , almost as if it be a play or a scene in a movie he be watch . the microphone fall from he hand , dangle on it 's cord around he foot . professor emmett brown no ! . get out ! I be in the middle of a experiment ! he move closer to the reactor , pull the rope tighter as he do so . foley do not hesitate . he swing he gun at the Professor and squeeze the trigger . the loud bang echoed in the room . shemp screech and leap off the stool . marty watch , horrify , as the bullet hit he friend right in the chest . the Professor staggered back , hand still clench around the rope . he fall backwards to the floor , the rope pull taut as he land . marty Professor ! marty yell , finally find he voice . he whipped he head to check the meter . marty oh my God ! release the rope ! it 's 4200 rad ! reese stare at he , shaking he head . it be too noisy in the room for marty to be hear . n.r.c . agent reese what ?! marty pro ! release the rope ! it be so noisy he could hardly hear he own voice ! reese shook he head again . marty start for the Professor himself . foley turn the gun on he . n.r.c . agent foley freeze ! marty stop , stand right before the stool where shemp have once be . he raise he hand , show he do not have anything on he . the recorder and microphone be now in he jacket pocket . he could not remember put it there with all the excitement . marty 's eye darte over to the Professor . as he watch , the Professor 's grip suddenly relaxed and the rope swing loosely in the air . marty suddenly realize he be right in the line of the focus lense . a bright white light shot out from it and hit he square in the chest . marty look down at it for a moment , a little curiously , then look up at the people in the room . reese and foley stare at he , startle look on there face . suddenly the whole room turn bright , blind white , like a million camera flash at once . then , less then a second later , everything be plunge into a deep , black silence . int . dark storeroom Professor ? marty ask , strain he eye in the darkness , try to see something , anything . but everything be completely and utterly black . marty hello ? ( listen hard for any sound ) after a moment , marty reach into he pocket and pull out a matchbook . he rip a match free and strike it against the sandpaper . marty hold it up as it light , look around the room . it look like he be in some kind of storeroom . marty take a step forward , almost run into a old break chair . he dodge it last minute and stroll slowly around the room , try to figure out where the hell he be . dusty furniture and crate litter the room . the match be start to burn marty 's finger and he drop it , fumble to light another . he walk towards the door , have the nag feel that something be strangely out of place . where the hell be I ? he wonder . marty reach for the doorknob and try turn it . lock . marty damn ! he look around for a way out . marty spot a window and go over to it , hold he breath as he try to slide it open . it sly and he carefully climb outside on to a fire escape . he scramble down the unstable structure and drop to the alley below . ext . STREET just as he foot scrape the pavement , marty notice a pair of headlight approach he , fast . he stand there for a minute , freeze in the beam , then jump back and press himself against the wall of the building . the truck sped by , miss he by inch ! marty let out a loud sigh of relief as he watch the truck drive off , then notice the sign on the door that he be right next to . Wilson 's Cafe , rear entrance , it say . marty try the door , expect it to be lock . but the knob turn freely in he hand . strange . for as long as he could remember the back door have be lock . marty step inside . marty hey , since when be you open at ... he start to say , then stop when he get a good look around . it could not be Wilson 's Cafe ! everything in the room look brand new ... but at the same time , old . Dick be not behind the counter a woman of maybe thirty be . marty look up at the menu and gasped . marty since when be roast beef sandwich 30 cent , and a ice cream sunday 15 cent ? he tore he eye off the price long enough to notice the people . Boy , do he notice they ! all the man be in double - breast suit , with hat . and not baseball cap , either ! marty notice all the woman be in skirt -- long skirt . not one be in any type of pants , like jeans . and the way people have they hair do .... that style go out age ago ! a chubby five - year- old boy , dress in pajamas , be play on the floor with some truck . marty almost trip over he as he walk slowly around , he mouth open with amazement , gaze at everything . after a moment he realize the woman behind the counter be stare at he , a suspicious look on she face . you want something , kid ? she ask , lean forward across the counter . marty hesitate for a moment , then sit down . he decide he need to blend in as much as he could . the silver porsche jacket alone that he have on be cause way too many stare . marty uh , yeah ... gimme a tab . waitress what ? ( frown ) marty a tab . the waitress roll she eye . waitress kid , I can not give you the tab until you order something . marty try to ignore the stare everyone be give he and look down at the counter . he see the man beside he have a cup of coffee . marty uh , coffee . she reach over and pour he a cup . waitress do something happen to you , kid ? I mean , you be lose in the wood or something ? marty look at she blankly . marty huh ? ( notice a bowl of sugar cube on the counter ) say , have you get any sweet 'n low ? the waitress stare at he . waitress sweet and what ? ( suddenly lift the coffee away from he ) maybe you would better pay for this first . marty sure , . marty say with a shrug . he reach for he wallet and take out a twenty dollar bill , hold it out to the waitress . her eye bugge out and she mouth drop open . waitress a twenty ? what do you think this be , a bank ? I can not break a twenty ! ( eye narrowing suspiciously ) say , what 's a kid you age do with all this money ? marty quickly stuff the bill back in he wallet . now everyone in the cafe be stare at he . marty look , maybe I would better talk to Dick . be he around ? waitress Dick ? Dick who ? marty now who 's be stupid ? the guy who run this place . waitress I run this place ! ( eye once again narrow ) marty what happen to Dick Wilson ? waitress Dick Wilson ? dickie Wilson ? dickie Wilson run this place ? that 's a laugh ! marty feel he face redden as everyone in the room start to laugh with the waitress . marty what be you try to do ? freak I out , or something ? man with coffee freak ? the man beside he with the coffee ask . man with coffee be you from some circus ? be that what all that write on you clothes mean ? marty have not you ever hear of designer label ? ( glaring at he ) he hear soft footstep from behind the counter and see the little five - year- old run up to the woman . dickie mommy , I be hungry , he whine . the waitress smile . waitress just take a candy bar , then go to bed , dickie . marty do a double take . marty dickie ? that 's Dick Wilson ? the waitress nodd . waitress that 's Dick Wilson . marty watch the kid grab a Babe Ruth off the candy counter and scamper off . he be about to turn away from the sight when he notice a calendar behind the cash register . a calendar that have the number 1952 in big black letter . marty 1952 ? ( voice rise ) this be 1952 ?! Holy shit ! you know what this mean ? I have go back in time thirty year ! thirty goddamn year ! I have not even be bear yet ! the waitress take one look at he and reach for a phone . waitress I be call the cop . marty jump off the stool and run out the front door , stop dead in the middle of the street . everything have change ! ext . monroe avenue Monroe Avenue , once full of old , rotting building , be now a bustling , thriving business district ! Cars from the ' 40' and ' 50' run up and down the street . people be everywhere , walk along the street , stop in the shop . marty be so shocked to see what he be see he do not notice the strange , suspicious look the towspeople be flash at he , or the driver honk at he as they swerve to avoid hit he . he turn and notice the orpheum theater . it , too , have change ! Boy , have it ! the marquee be light up with the word : John Wayne , Maureen o'hara -- the quiet man . in full Color ! people stream into it and from the look of the place , it be a first class movie theater . marty dammit ! he notice a man walk by with a newspaper in hand . marty run over to he and snatch the paper away , ignore the owner 's protest as he scan the front page for the date . March 11 , 1952 . marty 1952 ! God dammit ! marty throw the paper down on the sidewalk and run down the street . he stop beside a old car and check out the license plate . besides the fact it look nothing like the plate he be use to , it also say -- marty 1952 ! dammit ! marty run off again , notice a phone booth . it be empty , so he stop . int . phone booth marty go inside and grab the phone book . he frantically riffle through the page , to the listing of Browns . after a minute , he locate it and run he finger down the column to : Brown , emmett L. , 788 W. spruce . madison 3489 . marty pull the bic pen out from he pocket and circle the line . then he reach into he pocket again and pull out all the change he have . one nickel and three penny . marty dammit ! marty pick up the receiver anyway and dial zero . operator Operator ... marty Operator ! listen , this be a emergency ! I have to make this call , but I do not have a dime -- all I get be a nickel -- but you gotta connect I -- operator Sir , it only cost a nickel . marty what ? operator local call cost five cent . what number do you want ? marty look up and see the word , local call 5 cent write in plain sight on the telephone . marty oh -- right ! uh , madison 3489 . operator five cent , please . marty place the nickel inside the coin slot and listen as the number run several time . operator I be sorry , there 's no answer . marty Operator , what 's today 's date ? operator March 11th . marty what year ? operator nineteen fifty -- marty shook he head . marty dammit ! he slam the receiver down and rip the page out of the phone book , stuff it in he pocket . then he get out of the phone booth and run down the street . ext . mcfly / baine house marty do not know how long he have be run before he find himself on a residential street . it look vaguely familiar , but he be too exhaust by the recent event to figure out why . he lean against a mailbox , try to catch he breath , when he happen to look down at the number on it . 777 . marty spun around and stare at the house . marty my house ! it look like he house . it be ! but there be some weird thing , like the tree not be as tall , different curtain , and a old chevy in the driveway . marty watch as the front door open and a woman push the screen door open to let out a dog . marty gasped . the woman be he mother ! marty Mom ! marty race to the front door . she do not notice he and shut the door . marty run up the step and pound on the front door . marty Mom ! open up ! it 's I ! after a few second the door open and he mom stand in the doorway . she stare at marty without a shred of recognition . marty Mom , thank God ! thank God you be here ! his mother stare at he blankly . mom I bed you pardon , young man ? marty Mom ! it 's I ! marty ! do not you know you own son ! Mom start to close the door , she expression uneasy . mom I think you have the wrong house . marty shook he head frantically . marty no -- no -- it 's not ! ( panting ) it 's not ! a man smoking a pipe approach marty 's mother from behind . mr . baine who 's there , stella ? marty stella !? no ! do not tell I you be stella ! tell I you be eileen ! please tell I you be eileen ! in the background , marty see a teenage girl come down the staircase . she hear the last part of the conversation and go over to the door , push she way past the woman . eileen I be eileen . he stare into she hazel eye . marty how old be you ? eileen ( smile ) seventeen . marty stare at she for a moment more , breathe hard , before he eye roll back in he head and he slump to the ground in a dead faint ! int . baine house marty smell something funny . he make a face and turn he head , but the smell follow he . he slowly open he eye and look up into the face of someone he know . it look a lot like he , only he do not look as old . then marty remember -- he be in 1952 ! marty Professor ? Professor Brown ? professor emmett brown ( whisper covertly ) you know I ? the Professor remove the smell salt from under marty 's nose now that he be awake . it be only then marty realize he be stretch out on a couch in a live room that look a awful lot like he own . marty Professor , you time machine work ! it work ! it send I back in time ! I be from 1982 ! professor emmett brown ssshhhhh ! Professor Brown say , hold up he hand . his expression be both thoughtful and suspicious . marty hear footstep and turn he head to see he grandfather , grandmother , and mother , all look thirty year young , edging closer to the couch to get a look at he . mr . baine be he all right ? the Professor straighten up . professor emmett brown he will be . simple inebriation , be all . the young man must have a rather low tolerance for alcohol ... something that run in the family . you see , he 's a second cousin of mine on my mother 's side . come quite a distance to visit I , he add . his name 's Lewis . marty marty . professor emmett brown uh , marty Lewis ! I almost do not recognize he -- have not see he in year . eileen stare at marty and he look back at she , fascinate that this young teenager be -- would be -- he mother ! she look so different ... attractive , even ! stella it 's a good thing he have you name circle in the phone book . I would have call the police . Professor Brown lean over and help marty sit up . professor emmett brown well , Mrs. baine , Mr. baine , thank you for you trouble . both marty and I apologize for the inconvenience . we will get he home and as good as new . Mr. baine look sharply at marty and shook he finger at he . mr . baine Son , you watch yourself ! marty yes , sir . eileen oh ! eileen begin , go over to a chair a few foot away and pick up the silver jacket of marty 's . eileen here 's you jacket ! marty uh , thanks ... eileen hold up the jacket and give it a quizzical look . eileen what kind of material be this ? I have never see anything like it . he take it from she hand . marty it 's polyester . eileen poly -what ? professor emmett brown it 's a experimental invention of mine . sort of a rubberize silver - foil . I just make up a name for it . come on , marty . we have get a lot to talk about . marty follow the Professor . he be just about to step out the door when eileen stop he . eileen marty ? he turn . marty huh ? eileen have we ever meet before ? she ask with a puzzle look on she face . marty 's eye meet hers , but before he could open he mouth , the Professor grab he arm and pull he out the door . int . car Fifteen minute later , the Professor 's 1937 Packard be pull into the driveway of a huge victorian mansion on the outskirt of town . marty ... and the flux capacitor be hook into this thing that look like a condenser with a lense on it ... marty be say as Professor Brown stop the car . he look at the house for the first time and let out a low whistle as they both get out of the car . even in the dark , marty be able to see how fancy it be . ext . brown mansion marty jeez -- this be where you use to live , huh ? you must have be rich ! professor emmett brown must have be ? use to live ? I do live here . marty oh , yeah . they start to walk up the drive to the front door . marty well , there 's a mall here now -- I mean , there will be . professor emmett brown a mall ? marty yeah , a shopping mall . you know , a shopping mall ? Professor Brown hold he hand up and shook he head . professor emmett brown ssshhhhh -- do not tell I this thing , marty . I do not want to know about the future . int . brown mansion he open the front door and step inside the live room . marty look around as the Professor switch on the light . Professor Brown hold he hand up and shook he head . professor emmett brown do you see it here ? the live room be fill with antique furniture , piece of different mechanical device lie everywhere . it be easy to see that the Professor 's love of invent be just beginning , since everything be still relatively neat . but there be no sign of the time machine . marty shook he head . marty no . Professor Brown walk across the room and into another one . this one appear to be a study . bookshelve line the wall , fill with old volume . on the desk in the center of the room , marty recognize little model of that one robot and fly car he have see plan of in the future . the Professor watch marty as he glance about the room , but he have to shake he head again . no time machine . the Professor cross the room , over to a door at the far end of the study . he pull out a key and unlock it , push it open . he switch a light on inside and gesture for marty to come over . marty only have to glance at the room for a second before recognize the time machine . it look a little less run down , cleaner and shinier , but it be the time machine nonetheless . this be it ! Professor Brown place the key back in he pocket and look hard at marty . professor emmett brown you have convinced I that you must be who you say you be . no live human have ever see this machine . ( frown ) but why ? why even in my twilight year would I remotely consider send someone back in time ? marty you do not , Professor . it be a accident ! you see , what happen -- professor emmett brown no ! do not tell I ! I do not want to know the future ! my knowledge of future event ... you mere presence here ... could have devastating effect on the course of history . and alter history be a responsibility that I do not wish to bear . my immediate response be to send you back to you own time . marty have hear the Professor say almost that exact same word when he have want to send shemp back in time with the sport score . it seem like a million year ago even though , technically , it be thirty year in the future . but this time he agree with the Professor . he want to go home . marty I can dig that . Professor Brown give he a strange , puzzle look . professor emmett brown pardon I ? marty oh . that expression probably have not be invent yet ... I can get behind -- I agree with you . the phone ring in the study . the Professor leave the room with the time machine to answer it . marty follow he and check out the model on the desk while the Professor pick up the phone on the third ring . he do not mean to listen on the conversation , but it be kind of hard not to . professor emmett brown hello ? ( pause ) yes Charles , yes , I look over the offer . ( pause ) it 's very generous that they want to make I a major stockholder . but I be just not interested in a position with this little x-rox corporation ... if it 's pronounce ' Zerox ' , why do not they spell it with a Z ?... look , I be on the verge of a breakthrough on my power converter . marty drop the little car he have be look at when the Professor say that . the power converter ! how could he have forget ! it need nuclear power and he do not think there be any now , at least none that they could get there hand on . do that mean he be ... stick here ? Professor Brown continue to talk on the phone , not notice the sick expression on marty 's face . professor emmett brown ... well , any day now . and then I will need people to work for emmett Brown industry ! I have get a lot of idea that be go to create a lot of job . very well , good night , Charles . the Professor shook he head as he hang up the phone . professor emmett brown the x-rox Corporation . how be they go to sell a product if you can not even pronounce the name ? he turn back to marty . professor emmett brown now ... the time machine work , that 's obvious . as I have always know , it 's a question of power . where do I -- will I get enough power to send a man thirty year through time ? marty open he mouth to tell he , but Professor Brown quickly hold up he hand . professor emmett brown no -- wait -- do not tell I ! he do not say anything for a long moment , then shook he head . professor emmett brown on second think , there may be some thing you will have to tell I . marty the power converter ... professor emmett brown of course ! the power converter ! it work ! of course , it work ... ( look to marty ) what chemical do we use ? marty hesitate , slowly take a deep breath before start . marty well , Professor , be you sure you want I to tell you ? you know , change the course of history and all .... professor emmett brown blast it -- no , I suppose you be right .... you do know the proper chemical formula ? marty nodd . marty sure , and there will not be any problem get some -- get it ... he stop . he have almost blurt it out . the Professor walk over to a bar and pull a glass bottle of brandy out of the cabinet . professor emmett brown Coke ? he start to pour the alcohol in a glass . marty ( stunne ) how do you know ? professor emmett brown just a guess . I figure kid would still be drink Coke in 1982 . marty let out all the breath he have be hold . so he do not know that be the secret formula after all . professor emmett brown all right , then it 's very simple , ( toss marty a bottle of Coke as he speak ) tomorrow , weather permit , you will get the chemical , and we will wire the power converter to the time machine , point it at the sun , and send you home . marty hesitate again . he have a feel that what he be about to say would not really please the marty Professor . well , not exactly , Professor . you see , we do not point it at the sun . professor emmett brown we do not .... the Professor lift up he drink to he lip . marty no ... marty take a deep breath . he have go this far . he might as well go all the way . marty we need a nuclear reactor . Professor Brown choke on he drink . professor emmett brown a nuclear reactor ! how much energy do we need ? marty shrugge -- then remember the micro-cassette recorder ! he still have it with he , in he pocket . he take it out and rewound it , then hit play and set it on the Professor 's desk . Professor Brown look at it strangely , but do not ask any question . he sit down at he desk and the two of they listen as it play back . after a couple minute , it get to the important part . marty ( on tape ) release the rope ! it 's 4200 rad ! the tape grow silent . it have reach the end . Professor Brown reach out and pick up the recorder , stare at the button for a minute before press the one to stop it . he do not say anything for a moment , then : professor emmett brown 4200 rad ? good God ! marty be try to twist the top of the Coke bottle , but for some reason it would not turn . professor emmett brown there 's something I still do not understand . the Professor pick the recorder up again and rewound it . professor emmett brown fascinating device , he comment as it spun back . Professor Brown stop it and play back the gunshot sound . professor emmett brown this loud bang ... could that be some sort of malfunction in the time machine ? do you know what they be ? marty grip the Coke bottle so hard he knuckle turn white . he could not tell Professor Brown that that sound be he be shot ! marty I would not worry about them , Professor . a minute pass while the tape replay . professor emmett brown 4200 rad ... that certainly can not be generate under control condition in this day and age . marty that 's just great ! marty still try to get that Coke bottle open . it be like the cap be weld on there ! professor emmett brown however ... there 's a lot I do not know about nuclear physics . so first think in the morning , I will go to the University and see what I can find out . I want you to stay in the house , ( point a finger at marty ) it 's very important that you do not interfere in any way with the outside world . I have get plenty of food , there 's the radio , book , magazine ... I have even get one of that new television set . there 's plenty to do . Professor Brown stare at marty as he twisted and turn that cap in every imaginable way possible . professor emmett brown what be you do ? marty give up and hold the bottle out . marty how do you open this ? the Professor take the bottle from he hand and pick up a bottle opener lie nearby . a second later he hand it back , now without the top . marty look down at the Coke in he hand , then up at the Professor . marty it do not look good , do it , Professor ? Professor Brown shook he head . professor emmett brown at the moment , it look like you be stick here . int . brown mansion - next morning early the next morning , Professor Brown walk down the hall to the room he have give marty mcfly late the night before . he stop and listen carefully , hearing no sound from the other side . after a minute he reach for the doorknob and turn it . the Professor push the door open a couple of inch , stick he head around the side of the door to peer inside . the shade be wide open , the first ray of sunlight slant across the room over to the bed . marty be lie on top of the queen bed on he back , one arm hang over the side of the bed , still fully dress in he 1982 clothes . his eye be close and he appear to be asleep . the Professor study he for a moment , then slowly step inside the room and creep across to the table next to the bed , where the Cathedral Radio rest and the small cassette recorder . he have come in to get a closer look at the future object . Professor Brown carefully pick the recorder up and examine it . his finger accidentally hit the play button and a loud burst of conversation come out . the Professor swore under he breath as he fumble for the stop button . his eye fly to marty as he quickly set the recorder on the table again . marty let out a deep sigh , eye still close , and roll over . Professor Brown wait a moment , to make sure marty be not go to awaken . he listen to he slow , deep breathe for a second , then quickly cross the room to the door . the Professor ease it shut and continue down the hall . he have to get to the University and look up the information about nuclear physics . hopefully , there would be a answer to send marty back to the future . marty feel warm sunlight on he face . he throw a arm across he still - close eye to block it out , along with the memory . piece of the night before come back to he , be in 1952 . maybe , marty think , it be just a dream . all I have to do be open my eye and I will see that it be all part of some bizarre dream .... he sigh as he eye focus on he surroundings . it be not a dream . he be lie on the bed in the room that Professor Brown have give he the night before . he be still in 1952 . marty reach over and click on the old radio by the bed , mostly out of habit . he wait a few second , expect to hear some old song , but nothing come on . he hit it a few time , wonder if it be break . only a minute later do sound slowly come on , and it be horrible ! marty make a face as he roll over and twisted the tuning dial , skim the different station for something better . nothing that even remotely resemble any type of rock and roll come on . marty flip the radio off , shaking he head in disgust . he get off the bed and leave he room , wander downstairs to the kitchen . he open a cabinet and find a coffee pot . as he be take it out of the cabinet , it slip from he hand and crash onto the hardwood floor , separate into different piece . marty swore and knelt down , try to get it back together . after a minute , he give up and set it aside . marty turn to the refrigerator and pull it open . he fished out a bottle of milk and take off the little piece of foil at the top . take a glass off the counter , he set it on the kitchen table and lift up the bottle to pour some milk in the glass . nothing come out . marty hold it up and look down the neck , notice a cardboard plug keep the milk in . he stick a couple finger down there , try to pull it out - but he could not get ahold of it ! with a sigh of annoyance , marty finally just push he finger through the cardboard and pour the milk in the glass . after pull the bottle back in the refrigerator , marty sit down at the kitchen table to drink he milk . he notice some magazine and newspaper spread out and lift a couple of they up for a closer look . the issue of time have a cover story title , the Republicans : who will win in ' 52 ? photo of the man involved be splash on the cover . marty stare at it for a moment . marty eisenhower ... he pick up a Newsweek . will we have War with Russia this Year ? the cover ask in big bold letter . marty no ... he take a look at the local newspaper . crime rate continue to rise ! the headline scream . marty shook he head and notice a Saturday even Post lie nearby . a picture of some high school student be on the cover with the word , what 's wrong with the younger generation ? he laugh and flip the magazine over . a ad for Van heusen shirt have Ronald regan in it . Jesus , marty muttere when he see it , shaking he head again . the doorbell ring . marty look up from the periodicals , uneasy . he stay seat , remember the Professor 's instruction from the night before . the bell ring again and marty get up from the table and walk slowly through the dining room and live room to the front door . he stop a few foot away from it , stare hard at the wood and feel tear . the doorbell ring for a third time . what if it be someone in trouble ? what if someone be hurt and need to use the phone ? would it be such a bad thing , then , if he answer the door ? aw , what the hell , he think . marty step forward and open the door . professor emmett brown aha ! Professor Brown exclaim , shove a finger at marty 's chest from the porch . professor emmett brown you answer the door ! marty you be ringing the doorbell ! marty take a step back as the Professor walk inside . professor emmett brown I tell you not to interfere with any of the event of this time ! nobody 's suppose to see you here ! what if I be a mailman ? or a salesman ? marty what if you lose you key ? professor emmett brown then I would have figure out to get back in through the event in the natural course of history ! do not you understand ? the fabric of history be very delicate . anything you do could have serious consequence ! marty hey , look , gimme a break ! all I do be answer the door ! how 's that gonna change history ? professor emmett brown I do not know , but I do not want to take any chance ! now you stay here and do not do anything . do not answer the door , do not answer the phone , do not go outside . understand ? marty roll he eye , have it up to here with the lecture ! marty hey , get off my case , would you ? I do not want to come here , and the only reason I be here in the first place be because I be a nice guy , help you out . so do not tell I I gotta stay coope up in here and vege out , because none of this be my fault ! Professor Brown appear unaffected by the speech . professor emmett brown let I put it on a level you can understand . you do not belong here . you do not know anything about this world . you do not know the custom , you do not know how to talk , how to act -- you do not even look like you belong here . and if you walk out on the street , you would not get 100 yard without be arrest . then there would be question , and where would we come up with the answer ? marty ( sigh ) okay , Professor , I get where you be come from . the way I look , the way I be dress ... ( look down at he silver porsche jacket ) I would stick out like a sore thumb . Professor Brown nodd , look relieved . professor emmett brown I be glad we finally get that straighten out . I will see you tonight . he leave the house , slamm the door behind he . marty stare at the door for a moment with he eye narrow , then he return to the kitchen . int . brown mansion - later half a hour later , marty be ready . he would finish he breakfast and then have a shower , change into some of the Professor 's clothes instead of he own from 1982 . he have slicked he hair back like he have see the man do so in some of that magazine and be now ready to explore the town . after all , Professor Brown have say the reason he could not go out be because of the way he look , more or less . and now that he look like a resident of 1952 , marty see no problem in leave the house . ext . brown mansion he open a window at the front of the house and climb outside , then run off in the direction of town . ext . STREET less then twenty minute later , marty be strolling down the sidewalk with the other townspeople , try to look nonchalant , like he have always live there . he think he be do a pretty good job of it , too , since no one be look at he twice . a cop that have be walk on the other side of the street glance at marty and stop , point a finger at he . hey , you ! he shout . where do you think you be go ? marty 's eye widen and fight the urge to run . how do he know ? he wonder in horror . the cop walk right for he , then , just as marty be ready to accept defeat , he pass he and grab the arm of a tramp several yard behind marty . he relaxed , let out a sigh of relief , and continue to walk down the street . after a minute he start to get excited again as he look around at the shop and business up and down the main street . there be a appliance store that advertise giant 8 inch television ! with a screen as big as life itself ! across from it be a old gas station with the price advertise at 18.9 cent a gallon . a travel agency have a poster on how to get from L.A. to New York in a mere 12 hour ! in it 's window . there be a dance studio with a sign , everybody 's do the mambo ! on the outside . through the window , marty could see a class in session . a clothing store with a display of the latest fashion be beside the studio . they look a lot more like the kind of stuff in old movie . a studebaker showroom have a sign that say it be , the most modern car ever develop in the entire history of man . marty chuckle , then stop when he see the next store . it be a music store . in the display window be poster show America 's top recording artist . marty frown as he study they . Frank Sinatra , guy combardo , dinah shore , perry como . marty be they kid ? he decide to go inside and find out . int . music store on the counter be the current number one single , papa love mambo by perry como . marty make a face as he examine it . he suddenly notice the clerk be stand beside he . clerk can I help you , sir ? marty hold up the single . he have to ask . marty this ... be the number one single ? clerk yes , sir ! marty I do not get it . how come there 's no rock and roll ? clerk ( frown ) I beg you pardon ? marty this be 1952 ....? clerk uh , yes , sir ... marty and you never hear of rock and roll ? clerk no .... marty grin as he set the single back on the counter , suddenly have a great idea . marty well , maybe it 's time you do . ext . STREET he quickly leave the store and head for a pawnshop he have notice on the outskirt of town . there be a guitar in the window , for five dollar . after study it for a moment , marty go inside and tell the pawnbroker what he want . the man take the guitar down and bring it to the cash register and marty trail after he . that will be five buck , he say , set the guitar on the counter . marty reach for he wallet and pull out the same twenty dollar bill he have try use at the cafe the night before . the pawnbroker start to ring the purchase up , then take a closer look at the money . pawnbroker hey , what kinda funny money be this ? marty huh ? the pawnbroker hold the money out and point to something . marty it say ' 1977 ' on it . what do you take I for , a idiot ? he hand the bill back to marty . marty look at it and only then realize he mistake . he have use money that have not even be print yet ! marty oh -- yeah . his mind be racing for a explanation to give the guy that do not sound too illegal . it would not do for he to get arrest as a counterfeiter . marty I can not believe I do that . that 's a joke . my friend have this print up -- see that 's he name there ... blumenthal . the pawnbroker continue to watch he suspiciously . it do not look like he be buy it . marty dig around in he wallet , but of course he do not have any thirty - year - old bill with he . marty gee - I do not seem to have anything on I . he put he wallet away and as he do so , the watch Professor Brown be lend he catch he eye . marty hey , how about this watch ? ( hold up he leave wrist ) it 's a genuine antique ! he slip the watch off and hand it to the pawnbroker . he carefully examine it . pawnbroker antique ? they just come out with this watch last month . but this one look like it 's be through a war . marty yeah , I have be do a lotta travel . pawnbroker okay kid . you get a deal . the watch for the guitar . Inside the office of the Midwest talent Agency , marty be concentrate hard on perform Blue suede shoe the way elvis have -- or would . Dancing around , sing , play the instrument -- he be really into it , hardly notice the forty five - year- old agent that sit behind the desk and smoking a cigar , he face expressionless as he listen to the music . cover the wall of the small office be black and white picture of some client that the agency sponsor . marty finish the song and look at the agent with a smile , wait for the praise that be sure to follow . who could not love music like that ? the agent , however , must have be one of that people . talent agent well kid , ( set he cigar down in a ash tray ) it 's interesting , I will say that . but it 's not commercial . marty not commercial ? mister , do not you know what you be listen to ? this be rock and roll ! the agent shook he head as he heave he body out of the chair . talent agent call it what you want to kid , but do not call it music , ' cause it sure be not that ! marty but you do not understand -- talent agent no but , kid . I have be in this business my whole life and I know what people want . the smooth sound , that 's what sell . como , crosby , dinah shore . gimme a melody and a nice slow tempo . now beat it ! he open the door and shove marty into the wait room . marty stand where he be , try to figure out what have happen . a few second later the agent toss he guitar case out of the room and slam the door . he hardly notice the black man in a silk shirt approach he . reginald WASHINGTON that sound I just hear come through the door , that be like nothing I ever hear before ! I mean , you get something there , young man ! marty at least one person have recognize rock and roll for what it be ! who be you ? reginald WASHINGTON reginald Washington be my name . I manage some of the local band around town and I think you have get something we can promote all the way to the top ! now , I have get a real important cat comin ' in from a New York record company on Monday the 18th , and I want you to play that music for he . I think the time have come for a sound like that . marty grin at he word . reginald take a business card from he pocket and jotted down the date , time , and place on it with a pencil . reginald WASHINGTON that 's March 18th , noon . be at my office . what 's you name ? marty marty Mc - marty Lewis . reginald WASHINGTON marty Lewis . see you on the 18th . he hand he the card and shook he hand . marty look at the card , not believe he luck . marty this be great ! right on , brother ! reginald give he a strange look . reginald WASHINGTON I think you be a little mix up . there be absolutely no way that I could be you brother . he turn and walk away . marty glance at the card again and smile . int . brown mansion that evening , marty stand before the mirror in the bedroom Professor Brown be let he use . he have change back into he 1982 clothes and be practice the guitar , make sure he look good . he have be do it for close to fifteen minute when he hear the front door open and slam shut . stop in mid-note , marty hastily place the guitar in a corner of the room . he run he finger through he hair , muss it up and add to the illusion that he have spend the whole day lie around the house . on he way out the door , he grab the business card off the bed that reginald have give he earlier that day and stuff it in he porsche jacket , drape over a chair . marty run down the stair and see Professor Brown pour himself a drink . he look up as marty come in the room , a scowl on he face . for a split second , marty worried that he might have find out about he trip into town . professor emmett brown well , I find a energy source that can generate the 4200 rad that we need .... marty look at he expectantly , wait for the answer . professor emmett brown a atomic bomb . marty Professor , be serious , would you ? professor emmett brown I be serious . if we could get you , the time machine , and the power converter in the vicinity of a atomic blast , we could send you back to the future . marty you be talk crazy ! a atomic blast would melt I and the time machine in a matter of second ! professor emmett brown you forget -- time travel be instantaneous . the time machine would melt , but you would have already travel through time . of course , it 's a moot point regardless . the only place atomic bomb be detonate be at the Army 's nevada test Site , and that test be keep absolutely top secret . marty suddenly recall sit in class on the day he have leave , the lecture Mr. arky have give he . he remember rip a particular page out of the textbook for suzy , and pockete it in he jacket . he whirle around and pound up the stair to he room . marty grab the jacket and check the first pocket . yeah , there be the textbook page . he quickly unfold it , the business card from reginald fall out as he do so . marty 's eye fly to the caption of the picture : last above ground atomic test , 15 megaton , March 18 , 1952 , Atkins , nevada . the date seem familiar .... marty pick the business card off the floor and check the date on it beside the page . they be the same . marty look between the two object in he hand for a long moment , try to figure out what to do . maybe get home -- or get nuke -- or stay in the fifty and maybe become famous -- and alive at least . he crumpled up the page and toss it in the garbage just before Professor Brown enter the room . professor emmett brown marty , what 's wrong ? he slip the card back in the jacket and shrugge , try to seem nonchalant . marty oh -- nothin ' . I think I leave the water run . the Professor 's eye zeroed in on the guitar in the corner of the room . he step over for a closer look before marty could stop he . professor emmett brown say , where do this guitar come from ? marty oh -- that -- I find it in the closet . professor emmett brown I do not recall ever see it before . marty well , it be there . professor emmett brown curious ... very curious .... int . brown mansion - morning late the next morning , marty stir and open he eye . it be another bright , sunny day outside . he smile slowly , think of he audition a few day away , and crawle out of bed . the house be quiet , with the Professor at work . marty go downstairs and into the kitchen . Professor Brown have leave the coffee pot on and he cheerfully pour himself a cup , then open the refrigerator and pull out the new bottle of milk . he get the stopper out in a matter of second , without break it , too . as marty add the milk to the black coffee , he start to sing . marty so you wanna be a rock and roll star ... the doorbell ring before he could get any further with the song . marty roll he eye and set the milk down . he be go to have to go through this again ? marty leave the kitchen and head for the front door . he shook he head as he reach for the knob . professor emmett brown look , Professor ! I be not -- oh ! the word die in he throat . marty stare at eileen , stand on the doorstep , hugging book to she chest . she smile at he and marty smile back , weakly . eileen hi , marty . marty uh , hi .... eileen , he mother jump in . marty give another weak smile . it be hard for he to say she name . marty right . eileen . the smile fade from eileen 's face . eileen you remember I ...? marty ( mumble ) how could I forget ? ( to eileen ) oh , sure , I remember you . eileen well , I be on my way to school , and I just want to stop by and see if you be feel okay . you seem like you be in pretty bad shape the other night . marty oh , I be feel much better now . the smile return to eileen 's face . eileen how long be you plan on stay ? marty shrugge . marty actually , it look like I be gonna be stick here for awhile . eileen 's smile grow wider . eileen then you will be go to school here ....? marty School ? I never think of school ! if I go to school I could blend in with everybody else , could not I ? eileen blink , puzzle . marty what time do school start around here ? eileen nine o' clock . ( glance at she watch ) oh , I be late ! maybe I will see you later . marty yeah . maybe so . eileen flashed another smile at he , then turn and hurried down the walk . marty shut the door and head for the upstairs . ext . high school not much later , marty walk up the step of he future high school , amaze at the change . the grafitti be go from the building , as be the break window and overall run-down wear - in look the place have hold before -- or would later . all the tall tree on campus be much smaller , maybe half the size they be in 1982 . the bell ring as he reach the door , a notebook in hand , and student stream into the hallway . marty stare openly at he classmate . they all look like people from a old movie , with the hair and clothes , the way they act .... he walk through the hall and pass a open door . the classroom look familiar and he stop , look inside . int . high school after a moment of hesitation , marty walk inside . yeah , he have be in it before ! but everything look a lot different -- new . and the chalkboard be black , not green . he go over to the desk that would be he in thirty year and run a hand across the smooth , shiny surface , devoid of any mark or carving . you there ! he hear someone yell . someone familiar .... mr . arky what be you do in this class ? marty lift he head up and find himself look at Mr. arky -- thirty year young ! his mouth drop open and he eye widen as he stare at the science teacher . he look so different , age aside . they be a energetic spark in he eye that have not be there when marty would have he for a teacher . marty Mr. arky ? marty ask , blink a few time to make sure he be not see thing . he be not . mr . arky yes , that 's my name . who be you , young man ? be you suppose to be here ? marty uh -- yeah . I be new here , and I be suppose to be in this class . Mr. arky nodd . mr . arky you have a name ? marty marty . marty Lewis . marty watch the girl in the seat next to he , he eye focus on the old fountain pen she be fill with ink . he could not believe it . where be the pen he be use to ? in the background , Mr. arky continue with the day 's lecture . marty listen to he with half a ear , not pay much attention . mr . arky ... and it be , of course , due to science that we Americans enjoy the high standard of live in the history of the world . when we think of the technological advance make in just the past thirty year , it boggle the mind to imagine what the world will be like in another thirty year . I think I can safely say that we can all look forward to a world of plenty , a world free of disease and starvation . there will be entire city build under the sea , car that can go two or three hundred mile a hour . marty stare at Mr. arky in disbelief . could he be serious ? marty glance around and notice the rest of the class look bored , as if they have hear the lecture before . mr . arky you girl will be able to cook a entire meal , clean the entire house , and do all of you laundry and irone by push button , the science teacher go on . you may even have a robot to assist you in all you duty as a wife . student I hope that robot will not be assist in all my wife 's duty ! the class laugh , but marty be distract by something . where have he hear that voice before ? it sound vaguely familiar , but he could not quite put he finger on it .... mr . arky well , biff , since you seem so eager to get into this discussion , perhaps you would like to tell we what you think you will be do in thirty year ? marty turn around and see biff tannen -- thirty year young , of course -- slouched in the back desk with a bored expression on he face . surround he be three other guy who be obviously friend of he . one be miss two front tooth , one chew on a wooden match , and the other have a crewcut that make he look nearly bald . marty stare at biff , who appear just as obnoxious as he be later in life . biff I know what I will not be doin ' , he say with a smirk on he face . goin ' to school ! his three croney break out laugh . gum hey , biff , good one ! skinhead ataway , biff ! biff suddenly notice marty 's stare . he scowled at he . biff what be you lookin ' at , asshole ? marty meet biff 's glare , then turn away . Mr. arky continue with he class , the confrontation unnotice . mr . arky anybody else have any idea about what life might be like in thirty year ? the teacher 's eye roam the class for volunteer . no one volunteer , as usual . at least this have not change , marty think with a chuckle . mr . arky Mr. cusimano ? miss voyle ? miss kaner ? so be I to understand that no one have anything at all to say about the future ? ( shifting he gaze to marty ) how about you , Mr. mcfly ? marty feel he face drain of color . he have be catch ! marty ( mutter ) oh shit ...! a few kid turn they head to stare at he , shocked at he word , include biff . marty hardly have a chance to notice that when the student in front of he start to speak . GEORGE well , I , uh .... well .... marty glance at he , and do a double take . that person stutter be none other then a young version of George mcfly -- he father ! marty could not believe it ! first he mother , now this ! George be a mess , shoulder slump , hair uncomb , and a overall nerdy , wimpy look about he marty Jesus Christ ! dad ! the entire class now stare at marty . Mr. arky ignore it as best he could . mr . arky continue , Mr. mcfly . marty 's father stand up slowly , as if he be get call to he execution . marty sigh and bury he face in he hand , shaking he head . GEORGE well , I -- uh -- could you repeat the question ? biff sit down , mcfly , you stupid moron ! I can not see ! a second later , a spitball hit George in the back of the head . his face red , George sit down . marty whipped he head around , furious , and glare at biff . marty hey , lay off ! biff glare back at he , he eye narrow in slit of hatred . mr . arky do you say something , Mr. Lewis ? marty do not hear he , continue to give biff the worst look he could . mr . arky Mr. Lewis , I be talk to you ! marty snap out of it , remember who he be suppose to be . marty who , I ? mr . arky you be the only Mr. Lewis in this class . if you have something to say , say it so the whole class can hear . marty well , yeah , I be think , if car be gonna be go two or three hundred mile a hour , they be gonna be use a awful lot of gas . like , what if we run out ? mr . arky run out of gas ? the class start laugh . marty look around , baffle . be what he say that funny ? mr . arky well , class , it seem we have a doomsayer in we midst . I must say , Mr. Lewis , that 's a mighty pessimistic attitude for a young man like yourself . first of all , with all the study we have indicate the vast supplies of petroleum in the earth , plus the massive reserve that have yet to be discover , the likelihood of any such shortage be highly remote . and even if the most improbable , catastrophic circumstance be to occur and we do have a shortage of petroleum , I be sure that american technology and ingenuity would overcome the problem in no time at all . all in all , I would say you time would be better spend worry about the real problem that face we world , instead of a shortage of gasoline . at the back of the class , biff and he group start to make farting noise . biff hey , we get plenty of gas back here ! the class erupt into laughter once again . marty just shook he head . not much later , the bell ring , end the science class . everyone make a mad dash for the door , include marty . he would have enough humiliation for the day with Mr. arky . int . high school - hall George wait until most of the other student have leave before gather up he book and head for the door . marty separate himself from the mob in the hall and stand outside the door , wait for he . a minute later , George finally walk into the corridor . marty wait a moment , then follow he , keep he distance . when they reach a hall intersection , marty notice eileen head for the two of they , she friend madge with she . she do not seem to see marty , but she eye lock on George and she smile at he . eileen hi , George . marty watch as George look over at she and become so flustered that he walk straight into another student in the hall . eileen and she friend giggle and walk away . George 's eye follow she until she be out of sight , then he walk over to a drink fountain . as he lean over and turn the fountain on , he misjudge the distance and the stream of water hit he right in the face . marty shook he head from a few foot away , as George wipe the water from he eye . from the fountain , George head over to he locker . marty watch he dial the combination and , as he open the locker door , a pile of book fall out , nearly knock he over . marty look away , sighing . after George pick up he book , he start move in the direction of the cafeteria . as marty get in the lunch line behind he , he notice a large poster tack on the wall . something about the springtime in Paris dance on Saturday , March 16th . not too far off . int . cafeteria marty turn he attention to he father , watch the bored cafeteria lady shovel out a overcooked pork chop , wilted salad , and green stew tomato . look like the food be not much better now then in 1982 , marty think , amused . George do not seem to notice . lean forward a little , marty could hear he mutter to himself . GEORGE eileen , if you be free Saturday night ... no ... eileen , would you like to go to the dance ... no ... something suddenly click and marty look at the poster again . yeah , now he remember ! that be the dance he parent fall in love at ! the lunch line move slowly , but eventually both he and George get through it . George look around the crowded lunch room , search for someone . marty try to follow where he eye be roam and after a moment , he realize George be stare at the table where eileen , madge , and a few other friend of theirs be sit . George take a deep breath , then start walk over to the table . marty follow , not too far behind . as George approach the table , he hand start shaking , cause everything on he lunch tray to wobble around . GEORGE uh , eileen ? eileen turn around and give he a warm smile . eileen hi , George . marty watch he future father , a bundle of nerve . GEORGE eileen , could I ask you something ? the cream corn on he tray suddenly tip over and spill . GEORGE ooops --! eileen smile again , obviously not put off by it . George take another deep breath . GEORGE uh , well , the thing be , that be , what I want to ask you .... marty decide this be too important to miss and creep closer so he could hear better . unfortunately , eileen spot he . eileen marty ! ( wave to he ) hi , marty ! over here ! George spun around before marty have a chance to do anything . the sudden movement cause George 's entire tray to slip from he hand and spill all over he shirt . GEORGE oh God ! Excuse I , please ! he start to run off , but marty grab he arm . marty wait a minute -- be not you gonna ask she to the dance ? that be what be suppose to have happen , be not it ? George stare at he . GEORGE huh ? how do you know ? marty push he towards eileen . marty go ahead , George . ask she . George shove he arm away . GEORGE leave I alone ! the gesture shocked marty , but he shook he head . marty you have gotta ask she to the dance ! GEORGE not now .... George muttere , look around the cafeteria . people be beginning to stare . eileen have be watch the whole ordeal with interest . now she speak up . eileen be that what you be go to ask I , George ? to go to the dance ? GEORGE no ! George shout , run away , out of the cafeteria . marty George ! wait ! get back here ! you be not suppose to run off ! it do not happen that way ! George do not look back . marty throw he hand up in the air helplessly . marty oh , God , this be all wrong ! eileen stare at he with concern . eileen what 's all wrong ? marty run a hand through he hair , agitate . marty George ! he 's suppose to ask you to the dance ! eileen but he do not ask I . marty but he do ! do not you see ? by the blank expression on eileen 's face , it be obvious that she do not . marty quickly explain : marty he come out of the cafeteria line , he 's nervous , he spill he corn , and he ask you to the dance ! eileen marty , you have not be listen . nobody 's ask I to the dance ... yet . she give he a flirtatious smile before pick up she empty lunch tray and walk away . oh , no she could not be .... marty sit down in a chair , quick , as he leg threaten to give out on he . eileen , he mother , she -- she .... marty I know . int . brown mansion professor emmett brown you do what ?!? Professor Brown yell as marty finish tell he what have go on that morning . it be later in the afternoon , they be in he study . marty have go to the Professor right away , since he have no idea what to do and need some advice . his friend be take the news better then marty have expect . marty I do not mean to do it -- it be a accident ! Professor Brown shook he head . professor emmett brown do you realize what that mean ? do you have any idea what that mean ? marty shrugge . marty look , it 's not a big deal ! I can fix it ! all I gotta do be get them together and make sure my old man ask she out ! professor emmett brown you better make sure you old man ask she out , because if he do not , they may never have a first date . and if they do not have a first date , they will not have a second date . if they do not have a second date , they will not fall in love . if they do not fall in love , they will not get marry , and if they do not get marry , you will never be bear ! marty swallow hard . marty well , maybe everything be a little worse then I first think , he realize . ext . malt shop the next day , marty bring George to the malt shop . it be after class and all the high school student be in there , include eileen . GEORGE I do not know if I can go through with this ! George moan as they draw closer to the building . marty dodge two kid on homemade scooter as they sped by they on the sidewalk . his eye follow they for a moment , the vehicle remind he of skateboard . marty George , she 's beautiful , right ? she 's nice , she 's decent , she 's the kind of girl you would like to marry , right ? and there 's nothing in the world you would like more than to take she to that dance , right ? GEORGE well ... yeah ... marty okay , then ! suddenly , George stop , turn and face he , he eye narrow suspiciously . GEORGE wait a minute -- who be you , anyway ? what be you do this for ? marty hesitate . marty let 's just say I have a vested interest in you and eileen go to this dance , all right ? look , ( point though the window of the malt shop ) there she be ... eileen be sit at a table with madge and some other girl , each have ice cream soda and talk . marty go in there and invite she . marty nudging George in the direction of the door , but George stay put . GEORGE what do I say ? marty say what you be suppose to say in the cafeteria . George shook he head quickly . GEORGE oh , no ! that be for the cafeteria ! this be different ! marty Christ , it 's a miracle I be even bear ! ( mutter under he breath , roll he eye ) GEORGE huh ? marty nothing . look , I will write it down for you , okay ? marty take the notebook George have in he hand and rip a page out . he pull he pen out and start jotting down some helpful line . George stare at the pen as he write . GEORGE what be that ? a pencil that write in ink ? marty it be marty 's turn to be confuse . huh ? GEORGE lemme see that . George pluck the pen from he hand and look it at it carefully . GEORGE ' bike fine point ? ' marty bic ... it 's a bic pen . George frown . how do you fill it with ink ? marty fill it with ink ? you do not fill it -- oh come on , George ! int . malt shop he push he into the malt shop , tired of the procrastination . as soon as they enter , marty steer he in the direction of eileen 's table and hand he the paper he have write on . marty there she be , he say in a low voice . just go and ask she . I will be sit right here . marty take a empty seat at the counter . George look at he , and then over at eileen . he take a deep breath and step forward , then suddenly veer back to the counter . GEORGE gimme a strawberry malt marty shook he head , wonder if he would ever get to eileen . while he wait for the drink , George examine the paper marty give he and mouth the dialog to himself , apparently try to memorize it . a moment later , the malt come and he take a swig of it , the drink leave a unnotice pink moustache on he face . he turn around and start to approach eileen . finally , marty think . George be still several foot away when eileen look up and spot he . eileen hi , George ! he take a step back , startle . GEORGE uh , hi , eileen . eileen how be you ? GEORGE oh -- I be all right . say , listen , about this dance Saturday night -- the door to the malt shop be suddenly throw open . biff hey , mcfly , I think I tell you never to come in here ! biff tannen stand in the doorway with he gang behind he . George take one look at he and shudder . marty let he head fall in he hand with a sigh . they have be so goddamn close ! biff well , it 's gonna cost you , mcfly . how much money you get on you ? George pull out he wallet and open it . GEORGE how much do you want , biff ? biff cross the room , on he way to George . as he pass , marty stretch he leg out and trip the bully . biff crash to the floor , take a chair down with he . people start to laugh , but biff scowled . he do not think it be too funny . he get to he foot and step over to where marty sit , he back to he . biff listen , asshole , he growle , it 's about time I teach you a lesson . biff put a hand on he arm and at he touch , marty spun around on the stool and throw he fist into biff 's face ! unprepare , biff fall back onto a table . marty jump off the stool . the cafe be deathly silent and biff 's three henchmen start to approach he . marty decide it be time for he to leave the building and he push he way out of the crowded teen hangout and onto Main Street . ext . STREET marty run down the street , hearing the pound footstep of biff and he gang behind he . he cast a quick look over he shoulder and see they close the gap that separate they . he be go to be dead meat ! one of the kid on the homemade scooter sail by , and marty suddenly have a idea . he grab the scooter and pull it away from the kid , kick the orange crate off the board with the skate on it and leave a crude skateboard ! marty jump on it and sped down the street . biff and he gang stop in they track and stare at he , amaze . likewise with the crowd that have move out of the malt shop . biff in the car ! they race to the black convertible , biff get behind the wheel . he gun the engine , head straight for marty . marty glance over he shoulder and see the convertible quickly gain on he . he cut a sharp turn in the middle of the street and cross before biff 's car , then start to retrace he step back to the malt shop . a car pass he , and marty grab onto the back of it , ignore the stunne look of everyone around , include biff and he gang . biff execute a quick u-turn and continue he pursuit of marty . as he pass the malt shop , the spectator cheer . madge do you see that ? eileen nodd , she mouth open , impressed . biff 's convertible race past the cafe , hot on the trail of marty . marty risk another look back . his eye widen in panic as he see biff 's convertible close in on the distance , quick . be there no end to he maniacal determination ? marty turn he attention back to the front . he see Hill Street intersect up ahead . instinctively , he release he hold on the car and lean into the board , turn it onto the street . biff once again overshot the street and have to do another u- turn to get on it . Hill Street be not name by accident -- it be incredibly steep . at the bottom of the hill be a intersection with traffic light . marty feel the board pick up speed . behind he , biff be put the pedal to the metal , the tire actually leave the ground as he leapt onto Hill Street ! once again , he quickly close in on the distance between the convertible and the skateboard . marty crouch down , cut the wind resistance down , and the skateboard pick up speed . he be approach the intersection , fast ! the light turn yellow . close he eye and mouth a silent prayer , marty fly through the traffic , car skid to a stop and swerving to avoid hit he . miraculously , he make it to the other side unscathed . such could not be say for biff . his break lock up as he try to avoid a red car ahead , and the convertible 's tire skidd across the road . marty wince in anticipation as biff head straight for a red car . at the last minute , the car pull away and biff slam into a cop car in the next lane of traffic ! two big cop immediately get out and head straight for biff , not look too happy . biff let out a angry sigh . biff I be gonna get that son of a bitch ! marty leave the site , a satisfied smile on he face . biff have get what he deserve . he turn onto a residential street , he mind wander as he leisurely skateboarded . about ten minute later , he reach a intersection next to he future home , and see eileen approach the house ... with George ! marty skidd to a stop , grab the board , and duck behind some bush to watch . George , carry eileen 's book , be walk she to the door . they be talk , but marty could not catch any of the conversation . after a moment , George give eileen she book and they shook hand very formal - like . he must have finally ask she to the dance ! marty sigh , glad to have that mission finally accomplish and drop he board on the ground , skateboard away from eileen 's house to the Professor 's place to tell he the news . he never see George , after eileen have close the door , throw he jacket down in the street and slump down in the gutter , drop he head in he hand , deject instead of exuberant . int . brown mansion that evening , marty lay on he bed , stare at the ceiling in deep think . eventually , he reach into he jacket pocket and pull out the business card from reginald . marty look at it for a long time ... then shred it into tiny scrap . he push himself off the bed and let the papers fall into the trash can . then he pull out the crumpled textbook page and go downstairs with it , head for the study . Professor Brown be seat at the desk , he back to the door , hunch over something . as marty enter , he make a quick movement , as if he be try to hide the fact he have be listen to the micro-cassette recorder again , the gunshot portion . marty do not notice , too catch up in he own problem . marty Professor , you be right about everything . I do not belong here . I almost screw up my existence again today while I be try to put it back together , and I have have enough . I want to go back to the future . marty hand he the textbook page , point at the caption under the photograph . the frown on the Professor 's face change to a smile and he eye light up . professor emmett brown where do you get this ? marty I bring it with I from 1982 . it 's from my science book . Professor Brown look at it more closely . professor emmett brown the test be this Monday ! 15 megaton ... let 's see , we need 4200 rad ... ( do calculation on a slide rule , lie on the desk ) you would have to be ... exactly 800 yard from ground zero ... you realize that what we be go to do could be extremely dangerous . marty believe I , Professor , run around on a nuclear test site can not be any more dangerous than what I have be do . the Professor stare at he a moment , then nodd . professor emmett brown all right , here 's what we will do : we will get a Army surplus truck , mount the time machine and power converter on it , and drive it to nevada . if we leave by Saturday night , we can make it to the test site in plenty of time . and just to be on the safe side , I would better build a lead -line time chamber for you add protection . I do not know if I trust this atomic bomb . the telephone ring before Professor Brown could say anything else . he reach over and pick it up . professor emmett brown hello ? uh , no , eileen , he can not come to the phone right now . marty stare at he , he heart start to pound with alarm . professor emmett brown all right . yes , I will tell he ... good-bye . he hang up and turn to marty with a grave expression . marty have a sink feel that he be not go to like what he have to say . he be right . professor emmett brown you ' mother ' want I to tell you that she be very impressed by what you do this afternoon , and that if you be interested in go to the dance Saturday , she 's available . marty but that 's impossible !! George ask she out ! he have to ! I see he walk she home ! oh , God ! professor emmett brown my guess be that she turn he down . marty but why ? why would she do that ? she 's suppose to marry the guy ! professor emmett brown apparently , what have happen be that the maternal instinct have transcend the gap of time and this have cause a alteration in you mother 's emotional behavior . marty ( swallow hard ) be you try to tell I that my mother 's get the hot for I ? the Professor think about that for a moment . professor emmett brown in a manner of speak , yes . and because of that , she 's no longer interested in you father . marty Jesus ! marty sit down in a nearby chair . marty what be we gonna do ? int . malt shop marty step into the malt shop the next day , he eye on eileen and madge , both sit at the same table as they be the day before , once again talk and drink ice cream soda . he cross the room and sit down with they , to eileen 's delight . marty how ya do , eileen ? eileen smile . she and she friend exchange a glance . eileen hi , marty ! marty listen , ( hand under the table ) Professor Brown tell I you call last night and give I you message ... he carefully tape the micro-cassette recorder to the bottom of the table and press the record button . neither girl seem to notice anything . marty ... and if you be still available , I would like to take you to the dance Saturday night , so I will pick you up around 8:30 , okay ? eileen smile and nodd as marty stand up to leave . eileen okay . see you later , marty . marty give she a cheerful wave as he leave the malt shop . he pretend to walk away , then duck behind a nearby building . a few minute later , eileen and madge come out . he wait until they be out of sight before run in the shop and pry the recorder loose . later that night , in the Professor 's garage , marty play it back for the both of they . Professor Brown have be welding sheet lead metal into a large philco refrigerator . the time machine be now rest in the bed of a Army truck . the Professor have also modify the top of the refrigerator to hold the beam focus unit so the time beam would shine directly into the fridge . marty ( on tape ) ... so I will pick you up around 8:30 , okay ? eileen ( on tape ) okay . see you later , marty . he hear the sound of he walk away and leave the shop . almost as soon as the door shut behind he , the girl start talk about he . eileen ( on tape ) be not he a dream ? ( let out a giddy sigh ) madge ( on tape ) Boy , I have never see you fall for anybody like that before ! eileen sigh again . eileen ( on tape ) I know . I have never feel like this about anybody before . I really do not understand it , but I just feel like -- like mother he . marty and the Professor exchange a look . madge ( on tape ) but what about George ? I think you want he to ask you . eileen ( on tape ) he do ask I .... but I turn he down . madge ( on tape ) why ? ( surprised ) you always think George be cute because he be so shy . eileen ( on tape ) well , that 's what I think . but he really be not shy . he 's just chicken . the Professor suddenly grab the recorder from marty 's hand and rewound the last sentence . eileen ( on tape ) he 's just chicken . eileen say again . ext . GEORGE mcfly' backyard - saturday morning marty come on , George , marty say face off with he in he backyard . marty do not be such a chicken . hit I in the stomach . right here , go ahead . he hold he arm away from he body , make himself a easy target . behind he , a duffel bag pack with clothes swing from a tree , as a homemade body bag . George do not make a move . GEORGE I do not want to hit you in the stomach ! marty you be not gonna hurt I . just hit I in the stomach . GEORGE look , marty , I be just not a fighter ... marty roll he eye . marty how many time do I have to explain it to you ?... we know you be not a fighter . you know it , I know it ... but she do not know it . that 's why we gotta make you look like a fighter , somebody who will stand up for she , somebody who be not chicken . and you be not gonna look like a fighter if you can not hit I in the stomach . GEORGE but I have never pick a fight in my entire life ! marty you be not pick a fight , you be come to she rescue . maybe we would better go over the plan again . where be you gonna be at 8:55 ? GEORGE I be go to be at the dance . marty and where be I gonna be ? GEORGE in the parking lot , with she . marty nodd , glad to see that he have be pay attention . marty okay . so right around 9:00 she 's gonna get very angry with I - GEORGE why ? marty why what ? GEORGE why be she gonna get angry with you ? marty hesitate . marty well ... because ... well , nice girl get angry at guy who ... who try to take advantage of them . George look at he in disbelief . GEORGE you mean , you be gonna -- marty George it 's not you concern . do not worry about it . just remember that at 9:00 , you will be strolling through the parking lot and you will see we -- struggle in the car , you will run over , open the door and say ....? marty wait for George , but he do not say anything . marty you line , George ! GEORGE oh. uh ... ' hey , you ! get you damn hand off she ! ' George pause . you really think I should swear ? marty yes , definitely , god dammit George , swear . then you hit I in the stomach , I go down for the count , and you and eileen life happily ever after . now , hit I in the stomach . George take a deep breath and tentatively throw he fist into marty 's stomach . marty shook he head . GEORGE no , George , put a little emotion into it . a little hostility , a little anger . he try it again , this time make face . the second punch be not much better then the one before it . marty anger , George , anger . George hesitate . GEORGE maybe if I use my leave .... marty no , George , just concentrate on the anger . anger . the third punch George try be a little bit better . but still not what marty be look for . he sigh . marty well , I think you be start to get the hang of it . just keep practice . I will see you tonight . remember , anger , George . anger . he walk away , leave George alone in the yard . George stare at the body bag , try to think of something that would make he really angry . GEORGE anger ...anger .... he muttere . he hit it , the punch come harder and harder each time . George smile , finally get the hang of it . he pull he fist back , ready to sock it to the bag . unfortunately , he misjudge the distance and he fist slam into the tree trunk . GEORGE yeeeowww ! God dammit ! with he leave fist , George attack the bag with everything he have -- and knock it completely off the tree ! he stare at it for a long time , shocked . ext . brown mansion it be the night of the dance . the time machine and refrigerator -- now successfully lead-line -- be completely assemble in the back of the truck . beside it sit the power converter and a motorcycle with sidecar . as Professor Brown pull a tap over the back , marty place he 1982 clothes in a laundry bag , with some bottle of Coke . professor emmett brown everything 's ready to go , secure the tarp carefully . ( look up ) what about the chemical for the power converter ... whatever they be ? marty open the door and stashed the laundry bag at the floor of the passenger seat . marty that 's all take care of . professor emmett brown good . Professor Brown test the tarp , note in satisfaction that it be secure . I will pick you up in front of the school at midnight . do not be late -- we be cut it close as it be . we have get a long drive ahead of we . marty nodd . he twisted he tie around he finger , almost absentmindedly . he be not feel too hot about the next few hour . marty look . I be a little worried about this -- this whole thing with my mother , he admit to the Professor . I mean , I do not know if I can do it -- I mean , hit on my own mother , that 's pretty heavy . professor emmett brown nobody say anything about hit she ! you be just go to take a few liberty with she . marty that 's exactly what I say ! I mean , a guy and he mother -- that 's illegal , be not it ? professor emmett brown look , marty , she 's not you mother yet . and if you do not go through with this , she may never be . I know it 's hard , but there be some thing we must do in life that be unpleasant . some choice must be make that be difficult . Nonetheless , we must make they . besides , this may be more than a simple question of you own existence , he add . the fate of the entire space - time continuum may rest on you shoulder . marty try to smile at he . marty that 's just what I need to hear . professor emmett brown it will be fine , marty . ( patting he on the shoulder ) you will be fine . good luck . he stick he hand out and marty shook it . but there be still a question that be nag at he ... marty Professor , if something do go wrong tonight ... if I do not get my parent back together ... when do you think I would cease to exist ? the Professor shrugge . professor emmett brown there 's no way of know . marty perfect ... professor emmett brown it could happen at the moment you arrive back in the future , theoretically , it could happen at the moment of you birth ... or conception . actually , it could happen at any time . it 's a question to which I hope we will never learn the answer . marty nodd vigorously . marty amen . int . car - high school parking lot not too much later , marty pull into the high school parking lot with eileen at he side in the Professor 's Packard . he carefully park the car . it be hard for he to look at he mother , eileen , in the dress she be wear . it be a light pink color , low cut , show off she cleavage . he stare at the clock in the dashboard instead . marty uh ... let 's just sit here for a few minute ... ( voice crack ) eileen look at he with motherly concern . eileen be you all right , marty ? you seem a little ... nervous . marty oh , no , I be fine ... fine . he try to smile at she . it come out pretty shaky . but eileen smile back a moment later . eileen I be usually nervous myself on first date ... but not tonight . it 's funny , but somehow , I feel like .... like I know you . marty uh , yeah , well , believe I , I sure feel like I know you ! he wonder how George be do , and wish he would hurry up and get he ass out here ! int . high school dance the dance be in full swing . the band , lester Moon and the midnighter , be on stage , play the Blue tango . in the middle of the dance floor be a big paper- mache eiffel Tower , around which student be do the tango . George look up at the clock in the gym . 8:59 . he quickly look at he watch . it read 8:55 . which one be right ? he run over to a student nearby . GEORGE what time do you have ? nearby student ( look at he watch ) five after nine . George let out a moan and run as fast as he could from the gym ! int . car - high school parking lot marty shift uncomfortably in the seat and glance at the clock again . eileen why be you so nervous ? eileen ask with a frown , watch he carefully . marty take a deep breath , try to steady himself . he have to get a grip ! marty well , eileen ... jeez , that 's hard for I to say . have you ever be in a situation where -- well -- you know you have to act a certain way , but when you get there , you do not know if you can go through with it ? eileen you mean like how you be suppose to act with someone on a first date ? marty title he head to the side . marty well , sort of .... eileen nodd , interrupt he . eileen I think I know exactly what you mean . marty you do ? eileen nodd again , slower . eileen and you know what I do in that situation ? marty finally look at she , wait for the answer . eileen I do not worry about it ! the word have barely leave she lip when she lung at marty , nearly knock he over , start to kiss he passionately . eileen climb all over he , she skirt everywhere . she reach out and take marty 's hand , lie limp at he side , and place it on the top of she bare breast . marty could not move , paralyse in shock that this promiscuous teenager be he mother ! int . high school - pay phone George stand at a pay phone , quickly dial the number for the time . the phone ring two long time before a woman answer . woman ( on phone ) at the tone , the time will be 9:00 exactly . before the tone could go off , George drop the phone and race down the hall . he have to get to the parking lot ! int . car - high school parking lot eileen have be attack marty for about a minute -- a very long minute in marty 's opinion -- before she suddenly stop and push he away . the button at the top of she dress be undone and she bra be expose . eileen this be not right . int . high school George reach the front of the school door and throw they open . suddenly , he be jerk to a stop . he look behind he and see he jacket have catch on the door jamb . he try frantically to get it loose , all the while aware of the second tick by . int . car - high school parking lot eileen I do not know what it be , but ... when I kiss you ... something 's wrong . it almost feel like ... like I be kissing my brother ... or my father .... I do not understand it , but I just know it 's wrong . ( look at marty , eye wide ) I guess that do not make any sense , do it ? marty stare at she , finally find he voice . marty believe I , it make perfect sense . sudden footstep crunch on gravel , approach the car . eileen glance outside . eileen sound like somebody 's come . the step grow closer . marty look at the clock . nine on the dot . marty ( murmur ) not now , George ! not now .... the driver 's door be suddenly throw open . marty have hardly turn toward it when he be yank out of the car roughly . instead of George , he see someone he have not expect in the least . it be biff ! biff I be lookin ' for you , asshole , the bully growle in a low voice . he shove marty over to skinhead , stand nearby . marty fight to get free , but he be no match for biff 's gang . Three against one be never good odd . eileen let go of he ! eileen demand , watch the spectacle from inside the car . eileen leave he alone ! a smile spread across biff 's face when he notice eileen . biff look at what we have here ! his eye travel across she body and he see she bra half expose . biff eileen -- I do not know you be that kinda girl ! eileen I be not ! eileen start to climb out of the car . biff oh no , you do not ! before she could get anywhere , biff grab she and push she back inside , then climb in after she . he look at he gang as he pull a struggle eileen towards he . biff take he around back . I will join you in a minute . his gang make no move to leave . biff go on ! this be not no peepshow ! marty try to get free and help he mom -- do something -- but he be helpless ! as he be drag away , he see biff slam the door and lunge toward eileen to kiss she . she fight and a moment later , all marty see be she skirt and flail arm and leg . eileen be try to scream , but biff -- in some way or another -- keep cut she off . ext . high school - side entrance marty be drag around a corner , the car vanish from he view . a man stand at the side door , smoking something . marty twisted he head around and see he about the same time the black man see they . it be reginald Washington , the same guy who have like he music . reginald WASHINGTON hey ! what 's go on there ? marty try to answer , but one of the bully conveniently have they hand over he mouth . gum beat it , black boy ! reginald take a step forward . reginald WASHINGTON hey , now , you would better -- skinhead listen , spook , you lookin ' for trouble ? reginald WASHINGTON no , sir , I do not want no trouble . reginald back away and go back into the school . marty be leave alone , at the mercy of biff 's gang . ext . high school George finally manage to get he jacket free and run down the front step across to the parking lot . ext . high school parking lot he hurried through the lot , he eye skim the row of car for the cream color Packard . finally , he zeroed in on it . his eye widen as he see that eileen and marty be struggle inside , eileen scream . George steady himself , hike up he pants , and rush to the side of the car . he open the driver 's side door . GEORGE hey , you ! he say forcefully . get you damn hand -- uh oh ! it be not marty inside with eileen . when the guy inside turn around , he see with horror that it be biff tannen instead ! a icy stab of fear hit George in the chest . biff ( deadly serious ) I think you get the wrong car , mcfly . eileen ( struggle to sit up ) George ! help I ! George look at she , feel strangely detach from the situation . he do not know what to do ! a part of he want to run as fast and far away as possible , but at the same time he know he could not leave eileen alone with biff . biff ( same deadly serious voice ) just close the door , mcfly , and walk away . eileen George ! please ! help I ! George stand roote to where he be , unable to make up he mind . his eye darte between biff 's mask of anger , and eileen 's tear streak face . what should he do ? ext . high school - side entrance marty be shove back against the school wall . his head slam against the concrete wall and he wince . gum and Match keep a firm hold on he , so he could not get away . across from he , skinhead pull he fist back , ready to slam marty in the face . marty close he eye , tensing up , wait for the blow . but it never come . instead he hear footstep and cry of surprise from biff 's gang . he open he eye and see that reginald have bring some friend . it be the band that be play at the dance . band member who you callin ' ' spook ' , peckerwood ?! skinhead try to throw a punch at he -- but the guy get he instead ! then the rest of the man go after gum and Match - who see they approach and try to make a run for it , release marty . marty darte away to the parking lot , not let the chance to escape pass by . he have to get back to eileen ! ext . high school parking lot George stare at biff , who stare back angrily . biff all right , mcfly , I ask you politely to leave . now I be gonna have to teach you a lesson ! biff step out of the car and before George could move , he grab he right arm and twisted it back . George let out a moan of pain . biff start laugh , as if it be some kind of great joke . the laugh taunt George , make he angrier and angrier . without think about it , he leave hand clench into a fist and he spun around . his fist connect solidly with biff 's face , and the smile drop from the bully 's face a second before he drop to the ground , out cold ! George look at he hand , stunne , as if he could not believe that it have do such a thing . marty reach the site just then , skid to a stop . eileen climb out of the car and give George a hug . he hugge she back tentatively . marty duck back into the shadow , not want to be spot by either one of they and ruin the moment . a few other kid from the dance be migrate toward the site now . girl do you see that ? guy kid 's get the great leave hook since jo Louis ! laid ' im out cold with one punch ! onlooker somebody better call a ambulance . marty shook he head , amaze that they be talk about he father ! he watch George and eileen walk slowly toward the school , arm in arm . right before they enter , eileen turn around and catch sight of marty stare at they . she give he a shy smile and he grin at she in return . once they enter the building , he turn and run back to the side of the school , where he have leave biff 's gang . ext . high school - side entrance the band member be run off biff 's gang . as marty approach they , one of they get one last kick at skinhead in the ass before they spilt . marty hey , thanks a lot , you guy , the three hood scatter into the night . band member it 's okay . marty well , you guy go back in there and play the best version of ' turn back the hand of time ' that you can , glance towards the door . the band member shook they head . band member 2 sorry , my friend , we be through for tonight . marty look at they , stunne . marty what do you mean ? drummer look at lester 's hand . he smashed it on top of old skinhead . we can not play without lester . marty glance at lester , who be wrapping a handkerchief around he bruise and bleed hand . marty but you guy have to play ! the dance be not over yet ! you gotta play ' turn back the hand of time ' . my parent gotta -- George , eileen gotta dance the last dance and kiss ! band member hey , man , the dance be over ... unless you can find somebody who can play the guitar . marty turn to look at reginald . int . high school dance - stage marty stand on stage with the band , play turn back the hand of time with they . he could see he parent dance cheek to cheek in the middle of the dance floor . marty watch they carefully as the song end , hold he breath . they lean forward slowly , hesitantly .... then they lip meet in a kiss ! he smile in relief , then check the time . a few minute before midnight . marty step forward to the microphone set up . marty well , folk , that about wrap it up for this evening .... the student moan in disappointment . student aww , one more ! just one more ! marty you want one more , huh ? marty look at the clock again , then turn to the band . none of they appear to have any objection . he look at the crowd , consider , then finally decide to go for it . marty well , I probably should not do this , but what the hell , you be gonna be hearing a lot of this in the future anyway ... ( turn around ) follow I , fella , he tell the band member . marty walk over to he amp and twisted the volume to the maximum amount it would go . he place he guitar against it and shattered the expectant silence of the gym with a loud riff from the instrument . the audience look both shocked and horrify , and the band exchange look of confusion . marty start in on a Chuck Berry song , johnny B. Goode , expression in the gym change to astonishment . it take a moment , but the band finally figure out what be go on and join in . marty grin as the first -- very first -- sound of rock and roll be hear . kid start dance , only a few at first , then more join in . marty start move on stage , like the rocker do at heavy metal concert . the crowd roar , total pandemonium break out on the dance floor . no one have ever hear this kind of music before ! the band get more and more enthusiastic as the chaperone clasped they hand tightly to they ear , horrify expression on they face . marty shift the music to rock around the clock , note in satisfaction that the entire gym be dance to the music . he loosen the tie around he neck , sweat from that hot stage light , then decide to just take he jacket off . he yank it off he body and toss it into the crowd . meanwhile , out in the hall , a old teacher who have be chaperon the dance be on the phone . old teacher that 's right , officer , ( over the music ) there 's a riot in the school gym ! in the gym , on the stage , the man with the sax step forward and improvise a impressive solo . then it be marty 's turn . he reach up and tore open he shirt , make all the girl shriek . finally , with a nervous look at the clock , he wrap the music up with a final riff . the wall of the gym shook with the applause . marty take a bow and smile at the crowd . behind he , the midnighter be breathless with all the excitement . marty good night , everybody ! marty shout into the mike . he step back , head for the door , but the band member crowded around he . reginald WASHINGTON man , that stuff cook ! that 's the hot sound I ever hear ! you gotta play that Monday for that record company cat from New York ! marty lose the smile on he face , suddenly serious . marty I will not be there Monday . the band member look stunne . marty continue to talk before they could ask any question . marty and do not you guy play it either , he caution . it 's time have not come yet . if you play it , you might screw thing up . it will happen on it 's own . lester what be you talk about ? marty rock and roll ! he turn and run off stage , darting though the hall to the front of the building . outside , he could see Professor Brown 's truck in front of the school , engine idling , wait to go . marty burst out of the school and jump into the cab , slamm the door behind he . int . truck he notice that the Professor be in a Army uniform . marty everything 's cool . ( breathless ) they dance , they kiss , they be in love ! let 's go ! Professor Brown put he foot on the gas and they tore out of the parking lot . int . truck - hour later several hour later , marty be still talk about the evening 's event to the Professor . marty I sure wish I could have see the punch ! it be almost three in the morning . marty I mean , he deck he -- laid he out cold -- one punch . it must have be beautiful ! I do not know he have it in he ! Professor Brown take he eye off the road a moment to look at marty , something about what he be say make he uneasy . professor emmett brown you do not ? marty nope . my father 's never clench a fist in he entire life ! professor emmett brown curious ... ( sudden concern ) very curious . marty shook he head , unaware of the Professor 's worry . marty I just wish I could have see it ... he let he voice trail off , stare out the dark window , at the highway unwind before they . Professor Brown turn he attention back to drive . for the first time all evening , marty lapse into silence . when the Professor next look at he , ten minute later , he be slump back in he seat , he forehead rest against the window , eye close and snore softly . Professor Brown do not disturb he . marty have a long and busy night and deserve some rest . especially consider how much work have to be do in the next day . the light of dawn have hardly begin to shine in the east when they cross the state line into nevada . the Professor pull into a gas station and stop the car . the tank be run low and they still have a way to go . not to mention that , accord to a sign next to the station , there would be no more chance to fill up for 150 mile . ext . gas station Professor Brown turn to marty and shook he awake , then hand he he bag and tell he to go change . as marty head for the bathroom , the Professor get out of the truck and head for the small building where the grizzle gas attendant be wait . int . gas station - bathroom Inside the bathroom , marty quickly change out of the suit he have wear to the dance and into he 1982 clothes , pull some Army fatigue and a jacket over they . the Army clothes be a little loose , but it do not matter . once he have the clothes on , marty take the bottle of Coke he have bring with he in he bag and stuff they deep into the jacket 's pocket . he look in the dusty mirror , check he appearance to make sure he look okay and the Coke bottle be not visible . they be not . marty quickly gather up he thing and leave the stuffy restroom , join up with the Professor just as the gas have finish . ext . gas station gas attendant twenty six gallon , check the readout . that will be $ 3.75 . marty almost choke . since when be gas so cheap ? before he have much time to reflect on that , Professor Brown pay the man and climb into the truck . marty have no choice but to follow and they continue towards the test site . int . truck - military instalation hour later , Professor Brown be drive the truck down a dirt road . at the end of it be a huge barb wire fence , padlock , with a huge sign . U.S. Army . restricted Area . authorize personal only . they goal . the test site . the Professor nudge a doze marty as they approach the gate and pull to a stop . he have previously tell marty to leave the talk to he , and marty have no problem with that . he certainly do not want to get they arrest . almost as soon as they have stop , a m.p. step up to the truck , a rifle in hand . m.p. where do you joker think you be go ? he ask , peer into the cab . the Professor pick up some papers -- they order -- off the dashboard and hand they to the guy . professor emmett brown we be here to deliver that refrigerator . he point to the back . the m.p. glance at it and shook he head . m.p . do you know where you be ? professor emmett brown this be where they be gonna drop the bomb , right ? well , philco want to find out what it do to they refrigerator . the m.p. stroll over to the back and use he gun to lift up a corner of the tarp and look under it . m.p . what 's with the motorcycle ? marty watch the Professor carefully , wonder how he would answer this one . as before , he have a logical answer . professor emmett brown General Motors want to find out what it do to they truck . the motorcycle be because we do not want to find out what it do to we . the man glance at the papers . m.p. well , you better shake a leg . that bomb go off in fifty - five minute ! Professor Brown and marty glance at each other , relieved , then drive through the now-open gate . they have pass the first obstacle . int . military bunker Colonel nordell peer through binocular at the barren desert from the artillery bunker . the bunker have a full communicational base in it , with 105 mm howitzer , ready for any last minute attack . the desert appear to be peaceful and desert ... then the Colonel see the army truck speed toward the test sight . he turn toward Lieutenant Glass , stand beside he . colonell nordell Lieutenant , what 's that vehicle do down there ? the lieutenant glance up , look unconcern . two guy deliver a refrigerator from philco , sir . colonell nordell from philco ? ( shaking he head ) Jesus H. Christ ! how many refrigerator do we have to blow up in this test ? ext . nevada desert - 1.5 mile from test site marty and the Professor reach the tract house a few minute after be allow inside . this suburbian site be 1.5 mile from the blast site , accord to a large sign nearby . Professor Brown back the truck into a driveway of a house where two mannequin be position on the front lawn . the man be set up with a lawn mower and the woman be in a chaise lounge . marty look at the bizzare spectacle for a moment , then jump out of the truck to open the garage door for the Professor . he finish back the truck inside and switch off the ignition . it be hot outside already so marty take off he jacket and toss it inside the cab of the truck . he help the Professor take the tarp off the back and start to hook the time machine up . int . detonation control room the clock read 11:30 am inside the detonation control room . the room bustle with activity as the time draw near for the blast . timekeeper come up on exactly 30 minute to detonation . lock all timing circuit ...now . technition Mark ! he flip a switch , start four clock count down in sync . second technition check arming circuit ! the third technition look at the board . arming circuit be green . major lanza final evacuation check ! lieutenant jone Roger ! ext . nevada desert - 1.5 mile from test site professor emmett brown there it be -- Ground Zero ... and you target be 800 yard . Professor Brown and marty peer through binocular at the side of the house . behind they the time machine be ready for action , the power converter set up on the roof of the truck with the solar cell panel point toward the front of the vehicle . marty it be sure nice of uncle Sam to put that yardage marker up for we . ( notice the marker at every 200 yard from the tower ) professor emmett brown we be at one and a half mile , so you be just a little over a mile from where you want to be , ( lowering he binocular ) wait until minus 3 minute before you go -- that should give you plenty of time , and it should be close enough to zero hour that they can not do anything to stop you . Park the truck at 800 and get in the refri -- the time chamber . just be sure the nose of the truck be point at the bomb .... the power converter will do the rest . Professor Brown head into the garage again and marty follow . the motorcycle be on the ground , with the mannequin who have be mow the lawn in the side car passenger seat . professor emmett brown here 's a walkie-talkie , ( hand marty the object from inside the truck and point to the channel selector knob ) I will be on this frequency . ( move it up a few number ) this one 's the Army . a voice from the control room come on , mix with static . voice T minus 28 minute , and count . the Professor check the time . professor emmett brown I would better go ! ( hold he hand out towards the teenager ) good luck , marty . marty shook he hand . marty thanks for everything , pro. professor emmett brown Professor Brown grin . I guess I will see you in ... about 30 year . marty swallow hard , remember the Professor be gun down in the future . this be the last time he would see he alive . marty uh ... yeah ... I hope so . the Professor give he a intense look . professor emmett brown be something wrong ? marty shook he head , bite he lower lip as he try to fight back the threat of tear . marty it 's just always so hard for I to say goodbye . marty turn suddenly and step outside , unable to stand look at the Professor any longer . after a moment , Professor Brown speak . professor emmett brown marty , ( sounding hesitant ) I know I have repeatedly ask you not to tell I anything about the future , but .... well , that loud bang on the tape recorder .... be they .... marty Professor -- there be some door that should not be open , marty say softly , without turn around . the Professor nodd slowly . in the background , the walkie-talkie speak . voice T minus 27 minute . marty raise he binocular again and look at Ground Zero . the Professor watch he for a moment , then go over to the motorcycle . he stare at the mannequin , realize that something be amiss . Professor Brown reach into the truck cab and pull out marty 's Army jacket and place it on the mannequin . then he get on , start the engine , and drive away . marty continue to look through the binocular , hardly aware of the Professor 's departure . int . military bunker Lieutenant Glass watch the desert from the artillery bunker through he own set of binocular . he see the motorcycle from the truck with the refrigerator speed away with the two man who have come with it inside . the Lieutenant turn to Colonel nordell beside he . lieutenant glass there go that two lover who bring the refrigerator . Colonel nordell nodd . all right . he pick up a phone nearby . evacuation be complete . this area be secure , he say into it . ext . nevada desert - 1.5 mile from test site when the Professor vanish from view as he sped away , marty lower he binocular and check the time . he have about 25 minute leave before the bomb would detonate and over 20 minute to go before he have to start drive towards the site . marty decide now would be a good time to look around . he walk around to the front of the house , take a moment to check out the yard and home 's exterior . except for the mannequin in the front , it look pretty typical for a 1950 's home . marty walk across the grass and try the door . it be unlock . he step inside . marty be expect the place to be empty . to he amazement , the inside be completely furnish . it look like a model home , await display . current issue of popular -- in the 1950' , anyway -- magazine be on the table . there be a radio , even a tv in the room . marty look in the dining room and see another group of mannequin seat at the table , with place setting arrange before they . marty shook he head , chuckle at the length that the government go with this experiment . he go into the kitchen and look around this room . it be completely furnish like the other room , down to the last detail . in one corner a frigidaire refrigerator sit . marty walk over to it and open it up . it be well stock with food . he see meat , cheese , milk egg , Coke , fruit , and vegetable . marty pluck a apple from inside , take a bite from it , then set it back inside . he shut the fridge and retrace he step back to the live room to check out the tv . the tv be full of static and snow when he first switch it on . marty twisted the channel knob , finally tuning into a somewhat muddy image of the howdy doody show . since it be the only thing he could get a reception on , marty watch clarabell dance around and slowly shook he head . marty the ' fabulous fifty , ' he be grateful that he would not be stick in that decade forever . int . detonation control room timekeeper t-minus fourteen minute . the first technition nodd . technition lock all arming circuit . the task be completely quickly . second technition preliminary arming circuit lock . the other two quickly follow . third technition Main arming circuit lock . FOURTH technition auxiliary arming circuit lock . int . military bunker Inside the artillery bunker , Captain teague begin to pass out sunglass to he troops and to the privileged civilian spectator . captain teague you be here to witness one of the most spectacular sight in the history of man , he say . it be really quite beautiful . there will be a intense white fireball that will recede into a bright yellow glow , accompany by a intense shock wave .... ext . nevada desert Professor Brown head towards the gate on he motorcycle as the m.p. listen to the countdown on they radio . voice t-minus 7 minute . 7 minute until final detonation . as the Professor get closer to the gate , one of the m.p. 's open it and wave he through . Professor Brown wave back over he shoulder , not slow the vehicle down in the least . ext . nevada desert - 1.5 mile from test site marty start to take off he army fatigue as he watch the tv . under the clothes be the outfit he have come with from 1982 . as soon as he have shed the clothes from the Army , he switch the walkie-talkie on to check the time before the bomb would go off . voice t-minus 6 minute and count ... ext . nevada desert Professor Brown continue the high speed on he motorcycle down a dirt road , then up a hill and into the mountain . finally , when the ground levele off , he cut the engine and stop the motorcycle . the Professor reach for the binocular around he neck as he get off the bike and walk to the edge of a cliff . he peer at the test sight with it 's tract home and the tower where the nuclear bomb sit . Professor Brown grab he walkie-talkie and listen to the control voice . voice ...5 minute and count ... he switch channel to the one marty be on . professor emmett brown Calling marty ! ( into the walkie- talkie ) do you read I ? there be a long pause , during which static play with the radio . then cut to : marty I read you , pro. cut to : professor emmett brown be everything set ? have you put the formula in the power converter ? cut to : marty I be on my way to do that right now . marty bring the walkie-talkie with he as he go into the garage and open the door into the cab to get he jacket with the bottle of Coke in it . but it be not there ! marty blink , shocked , and check the floor and behind the seat . nothing . he start to panic . marty climb into the back of the truck and check there , even though the chance be very slim that it could have get there . it be not . marty snatch the walkie-talkie off the front seat where he have set it . marty Professor ! ( panice and fearful ) I can not find the formula ! I leave it in my jacket , and my jacket 's go ! cut to : Professor Brown hear marty 's news and turn to look at the motorcycle behind he . there be marty 's jacket , still on the mannequin where he have inadvertently set it earlier . professor emmett brown oh my God ! int . detonation control room detonation Control be get busier and busier as the time for the bomb to go off draw closer and closer . timekeeper t-minute 3 minute , 30 second ... technition released safety switch ! first Safety . the second technition flip the switch before he . second technition first safety release . third technition first safety release ! ext . nevada desert Professor Brown be horrify at the turn of event that have suddenly sproute . he frantically call out instruction to marty over the walkie-talkie . professor emmett brown marty , it 's over . do you understand ? it 's over . now I want you to get in the refrig -- the time chamber , and we will just pray that the lead lining -- marty ( over walkie- talkie ) the refrigerator ! hang on , Professor ! Professor Brown stare at the walkie-talkie , wonder what be go on . ext . nevada desert - 1.5 mile from test site marty run into the house and straight to the kitchen . he yank open the refrigerator and he eye fall on that bottle of Coke he have see earlier . marty let out a deep sigh of relief , though he know the ordeal be far from over . he would have serious vision of he tombstone there for a few minute . marty do not worry about a thing ! ( into the walkie- talkie ) there 's plenty of formula in the refrigerator ! ext . nevada desert on the hill the Professor be confuse . the refrigerator ? he say to himself . his eye sly over to marty 's jacket in the motorcycle , consider ... after a moment , Professor Brown switch the frequency on the walkie-talkie to get a update on the time . voice t-minute 2 minute , 50 second . ext . nevada desert - 1.5 mile from test site marty pull himself up on top of the truck 's cab to get to the power converter , juggling the two bottle of Coke he have bring with he from the refrigerator . without think , marty try to twist the cap off the bottle , but it would not budge ! he do not have a bottle opener with he either . aware of the time tick down , marty finally smashed the neck of the bottle against the roof of the cab and pour the Coke -- along with a few piece of break glass -- into the power converter . int . detonation control room timekeeper T minus 2 minute ... technition release second safely ! second technition second safety release ! the switch be flip . third technition second safety release ! ext . nevada desert - 1.5 mile from test site marty climb down from the roof off the truck and get inside the cab . it start without he hitch and he slam he foot against the accelerator , head in the direction of Ground Zero . int . military bunker Colonel nordell watch the bomb site with he binocular from the artillery bunker . it be desert as it should be . he be about to turn away , when a flash of movement catch he eye . he could not believe it when he see the truck racing towards the site of the bomb . colonel nordell Jesus ! what 's that truck do out there ? Captain teague and Lieutenant Glass turn to look through they binocular . captain teague he 's head straight for the bomb ! lieutenant glass he 's gotta be a commie spy -- try to sabotage the test ! colonel nordell Captain ! get you man on this artillery and blow that truck to Kingdom come ! Captain teague nodd curtly and turn to he crew . captain teague Men , get on this artillery and blow that truck to Kingdom come ! Fire mission ! let 's move ! the military man make a dash for the 105 mm howitzer . int . truck - en route to ground zero marty drive the truck past mile marker 1.3 , unaware of the eminent danger . gun breech be open with 105 mm shell be load inside the artillery bunker . the weapon be slam shut and cranke around towards the outside and the truck . int . artilery bunker sargent gunther Captain ! give we some coordinate ! captain teague ( shaking he head ) I do not have any ! we will have to fire direct ! int . truck - en route to ground zero marty drive by the 1 mile mark as the three howitzer be point in he vague direction . cut to : captain teague Fire ! cut back to : something suddenly explode a hundred foot to marty 's side , dirt raining down everywhere . marty grip the wheel tightly in he hand , he nerve strung out . marty Jesus ! int . artilery bunker meanwhile , Captain teague be shouting more instruction at he man . have see the first blast with he binocular , he now have a better idea where to fire . captain teague Drop 5 elevation , add 8 deflection ! another weapon be adjust to the position and fire . int . truck - en route to ground zero marty have manage to calm himself down after the first explosion . he would hardly begin to breathe normally again when something else explode , this one a lot closer in front of the truck , but still off to the side . marty twisted the wheel to the side , terrify of be blow up , hardly notice the 1400 yard marker as he drive by it . ext . nevada desert on the hill , Professor Brown could see the whole thing through he binocular . professor emmett brown oh my God ! he cry , feel helpless to do anything . int . detonation control room timekeeper one minute , fifteen second ! technition release final safety . second technition final safety release ! the third technition flip the switch . third technition final safety release ! int . artilery bunker in the artillery bunker , sergeant gunther realign the howitzer , to a new position . sergeant gunther Drop 2 elevation , minus 3 deflection . int . truck - en route to ground zero the new shell hit the ground several yard before the truck , send a heavy rain of dirt on the windshield . marty drive around the hole and look behind he , shudder as he realize how close that one have come . up ahead be he goal , the 800 yard maker . marty slam the truck to a stop and turn to the Army channel on the walkie-talkie . voice exactly one minute till detonation ! the voice say . 59 ....58 .... int . artilery bunker colonel nordell ( lowering he binocular and turn to Captain teague ) he 's stop , Captain ! right at the 800 yard marker ! Captain teague smile tightly . captain teague we will get he for sure this time ! add 1 and a half elevation ! he add to he man . int . truck - stop Inside the truck , marty listen to the countdown , he heart pound with exhilaration and fear . voice ...53...52 .... marty hurry up ! he throw open the door of the truck to the outside . ext . nevada desert Professor Brown continue to watch the truck with marty in it , he walkie- talkie in the other hand . professor emmett brown move the truck ! they be gonna draw a bead on you ! the truck do not move . int . artilery bunker sergeant gunther finish the adjustment on he weapon . sergeant gunther I have get a bead on he ! ext . truck - stop marty be about to climb in the back of the truck , the countdown still on he walkie-talkie . voice ..47 ...46 ... marty let out a impatient sigh and decide to report in to the Professor . he flip the channel , but before he could say anything , he hear Professor Brown be yell at he over the airwave . professor emmett brown ( over walkie - talkie ) back up ! back up ! ( frantic ) they be draw a bead on you ! back up ! marty froze for a moment , then take off for the cab of the truck as fast as he could , expect to be hit by some weapon any second . int . artilery bunker captain teague FIRE ! sergeant gunther pull the trigger and the cannon let out a noise that shook the ground . int . truck marty turn the key in the ignition of the truck , throw the stick shift into reverse , and hit the gas pedal as hard as he could . a second later , a huge explosion wipe out the 800 yard marker where he have be park . the truck tremble from the shock wave . marty stop the truck several hundred foot away and watch the smoke clear . a huge crater in the ground be all that remain of yard marker 800 , where he have be second before . he swallow hard . int . detonation control room timekeeper t-minus 30 second ! the voice from detonation control say . Colonel nordell turn away from the window before the smoke clear on the last explosion . colonel nordell everybody into the bunker ! take cover ! now ! there be a mad dash as the man all leave they post and head for the stair that lead to the underground bomb shelter . the truck be forget . int . truck marty could hear the voice start count down the remain thirty second before the bomb would go off . he turn the key in the ignition , but the engine would not start ! his face grow even paler then it be already as he try it again . still , nothing happen ! voice ....24 .... 23.... 22 ... ext . nevada desert up on the hill , Professor Brown keep he binocular train on marty 's truck . professor emmett brown come on , marty ! ( unaware that marty be have any problem ) come on ! voice .... 20 ... 19 ....18 ... int . truck marty swallow hard , grip the key as hard as he could and turn it for the third time . the engine groan .... but then it catch ! he sigh in relief and aim at the crater , over a hundred yard away . voice ...14 ...13... 12 ... marty grab the walkie-talkie and lean over it , wedge it against the accelerator . the truck start move and he throw open the door , jump to the ground . the truck pick up speed as marty run to the back , grab hold of the side of the vehicle and pull himself inside . he throw the switch on the time machine , turn it on and prepare it for the trip back ... he hope . it could have be he imagination , but marty swore he could still hear the timekeeper over the roar of everything . voice ...9...8...7... the truck pitch forward into the gape hole leave from the howitzer shell . marty lose he balance , unprepare for the jolt , and fall into the bed of the truck . his head strike the metal floor , which leave he slightly daze for a second . he realize that the truck have get slightly off center with where the solar cell that be position just so as it have fall and quickly climb to he foot to jerk the cell back where they belong . voice ...5... 4...3... marty throw open the door of the refrigerator -- or time chamber -- and step inside . voice ...2...1... he slam the door shut . int . detonation control room timekeeper detonate ! Three technition , turn they key at the same time , set off a incredible white fireball that make the surroundings invisible with light for a moment before dimming to a glow of softer yellow . ext . time machine / refridgerator the bright white light hit the power converter . marty glance up inside he cramped quarter to see a thin beam of the same color hit he from the focus lense suspend above he head . he close he eye as a strange feel sweep over he body .... the yellow glow from the bomb last a few moment , turn everything yellow . the tower which house the bomb be vaporize and the truck of marty and the Professor 's begin to melt from the intense heat . Inside the command bunker , the Army officer with they man and the choose civilian gape at the site before they as the mushroom cloud form , it 's radioactive smoke reach thousand of foot into the atmosphere . ext . nevada desert - hill safely on the hill , Professor Brown turn he back on the site and over to the mannequin in the sidecar . a medium size bulge rest in one of the pocket of the Army jacket . the Professor look at it a long moment , long after the light of the bomb fade and the shock wave have pass . he remember marty 's word from earlier and wonder : should I look ....? int . time machine marty see completely and utter darkness around he . the air around he have grow hot and stuffy . he resist the urge to cough and feel for the handle of the refrigerator door . his hand come into contact with it after a moment 's search and he push forward . ext . nevada desert - 1982 a crack of sunlight split the darkness . marty push the door harder and a shower of sand rain on he . he climb to the outside world . the sun be shine brightly in a clear blue sky . marty look down at the refrigerator and see that it be half rotted and wear away with age . next to it , he recognize the remain of the Army truck , twisted and almost unrecognizable , half bury in the sand . marty take a step away from the refrigerator and look around he . it be barren out here . he see nothing but a ocean of hot sand all around . marty glance at he watch . it be noon exactly . he squinted up at the merciless glare of the sun . marty shit ! marty decide the best thing for he to do would be to start walk . he set off in the direction of the sun , not sure which way to head . a few minute after he start the hike , marty start to hear a low hum off in the distance . it sound like a helicopter . the sound grow closer and he look up at the sky , he eye search for the source . he see something in the sky , but it look strange . the craft start to lower itself toward the ground , grain of sand fly everywhere . marty squinted he eye and put a hand over they , turn he head away . between the glare of the sun on the thing , and all the fly sand , it be almost impossible to tell anything about it . after a moment , the noise fade away and marty turn around . right in front of he be a strange sight . it look like a car from the 1950' .... but it have three whitewalls , propeller , and funny fin on the side . at the back of the car be something that resemble the Professor 's power converter . as marty stare at the contraption , he notice Professor Brown in the driver 's seat . marty open he mouth to say something , but nothing come out . the Professor open the door and jump out , head towards marty . he look older then he have in 1952 , but not as much as he have in 1982 . Professor Brown seem different to marty , he posture straighter with more of a spark in he eye . professor emmett brown marty ! you be here ! right on time ! how be you ? feeling okay ? marty try to speak again . marty ( hesitantly ) what year be this ? professor emmett brown ( beam ) 1982 ! March 18 , just like we plan ! my calculation be absolutely correct ! thirty year ! God , I can not believe it 's be thirty year ! sure , it be a long time ago -- longest I have ever have to wait for the result of a experiment ! marty be confuse . marty and you be alive , Professor ? ( remember what happen right before he leave 1982 ) you be not shot ? Professor Brown look at he blankly . professor emmett brown shot ? who would want to shoot I ? I have never feel better in my life ! marty do not know what to say about that . he continue to stare at the fly vehicle and at the Professor . professor emmett brown hop in , marty , ( turn and head for the vehicle ) . we have get a long drive ahead of we . marty what do you call this ? ( as he cautiously start towards the contraption ) professor emmett brown a car . marty watch as Professor Brown open the door and get inside . he slowly follow suit . int . car Inside the car , marty notice the control and the dashboard be streamline in a kind of old - fashioned futuristic style . he be distract from he examination of the car 's interior by the Professor lean over and pull out a 16 ounce bottle of Coke . he grab a bottle opener that be on the dashboard and open it up , then pull open the dashboard in front of marty and hook the bottle to a funnel label fuel inside . marty remember leave the formula in he jacket . somehow , Professor Brown must have find it . marty Professor ... you peak , do not you ? Professor Brown shrugge , look a little sheepish . professor emmett brown yeah . I figure , what the hell ! a moment later he lift the car up from the sand and fly they away from the old nuclear test site . Professor Brown wait a few minute before start to answer some of the question marty have begin to throw at he . marty want to know everything that have happen over the past thirty year to the Professor . thing seem so different from when he have leave . professor emmett brown you see , I never rebuilt the time machine after it be destroy in 1952 . I decide that experiment with time and possibly change history be too risky . anyway , experiment in time travel be ban in all 87 state after the governor of Cuba catch Dr. felstien fool around in the bermuda triangle -- that be back in ' 64 . marty 87 state ? time travel ban ? what the hell ? marty do not understand anything . he try not to think about that part of the conversation . there be some other , more important thing to wonder about . marty but if you do not rebuild the time machine , how do I go back in time in the first place ? professor emmett brown accord to you girlfriend , suzy parker , you and she be at the movie . you go to the restroom and you never come out . obviously , you step through a inter-dimensional time warp , create by the original operation of the time machine . most of this be still go over marty 's head . marty obviously ! ( try to appear that he understand . ) professor emmett brown but I tell everyone you disappearance be due to a teleportation experiment you be help I with . so do not mention anything about time travel to anyone . marty ( nodd ) what theater be I at ? professor emmett brown the orpheum . marty smile , some of this finally click into place . he look out the window and see , far below , a clean and more of that old - fashioned modern look on a city . it have streamline skyscraper and even some fly car . marty could not believe it . marty wow ! look at that city ! Professor Brown glance out the window . professor emmett brown pretty , be not it ? marty it 's the most beautiful city I have ever see ! what be it ? the Professor smile at he . professor emmett brown Cleveland . ext . mcfly house it be night when they reach marty 's house . it be the same one he have leave , but it look different . on closer inspection , marty notice the corner be more round , almost streamline , and a large power converter sit on the roof next to the chimney . the Professor land he car next to another one in the driveway that have all the elaborate propeller and stuff on it too . marty guess that this be consider the norm here . professor emmett brown go on in , ( notice marty 's hesitation ) I will be with you as soon as I adjust this blast flow capacitor . as marty get out of the car , he notice more fly car , buss , even truck in the air above he home . he shook he head and turn he attention back to he house . he stare at it a long moment and take a deep breath before walk to the front door . marty ring the doorbell , unsure if he should just barge in . with all the change he have see so far , he be not sure if it would be a good idea . the door be answer a minute later , but not by who he have expect . a robot , look vaguely like the one marty have see on Professor Brown 's blueprint that one night , pull the door open . it be only about three or four foot high , with a little bow tie on . robot greeting , master Martin . let I take you coat . marty stare at the thing for a moment . marty right .... he slowly take off he silver porsche jacket and hand it to the robot . finally , he step into he house . int . mcfly house marty be surprised . thing actually do not look that different from when he have leave . his mother , sit in the live room , jump to she foot and rush towards he . eileen marty ! you be back ! I be so glad to see you ! eileen mcfly give she son a hug , then seem to notice he clothes . she look at marty , a faint smile on she face . eileen where do you get this silly clothes ? without wait for a answer , she turn to the robot . eileen sparky , get marty some clean clothes . robot yes , madam . marty watch he turn and head out of the room , as he mother speak again . eileen you father 's in the study . say hello to he . he nodd and walk down the hall . marty stop halfway to the study , suddenly notice several display case hang on the hallway wall . in one there be a pair of box glove with a plaque : mcfly -liston fight , madison Square Garden , 1966 . in the case next to that be a silver box champion 's belt with George M. mcfly , World middleweight Champion , 1963 . in the last one be a frame magazine ad with a picture of George mcfly hold a weird device with the word : the champ give tooth decay the one- two punch with son-o - dent ultra sonic tooth care system , by E. Brown enterprise , under the photo . marty be surprised and a little shocked on all that have happen since he have leave . George mcfly look up from he desk as marty enter he study . GEORGE welcome home , son ! his voice sound a little different to marty 's ear . more confident and forceful , not nearly as meek , like it have be before . GEORGE the Professor tell we what happen with the experiment -- that there might be some side effect ... lapse of memory . marty edge closer to the desk to get a better look at this new George mcfly . he , like the Professor , seem different -- for the better , but still different . dad do not seem to notice he scrutiny . he continue talk . GEORGE you mom 's get one heckuva dinner plan tonight ! she 's be push button all day ! marty nodd as if he understand , and as he do so , he notice a familiar look figure outside the window . his eye narrow and marty realize it be biff , wear a security guard uniform and in a chaise lounge , appear to be asleep . marty 's father follow he gaze and open the window . GEORGE hey , biff ! what be you do , sleep on the job ? a security guard 's suppose to be alert ! biff smile and sit up . biff yes , sir , Mr. mcfly ! GEORGE what be I pay you fifty cent a hour for ? biff I be sorry , champ , ( get to he foot ) it will not happen again , sir . he begin to walk around the yard . George close the window and sit back down at he desk . marty watch as he attach a suction cup that be connect by wire to something that look like a pen on he forehead . he wave the pen over a blank check and with a few electronic beep , handwrite appear on the paper , spelling out , pay to the order of the coca cola company . marty what be you do , dad ? marty watch , eye wide in amazement . his father glance up , puzzle . GEORGE what 's it look like I be do , son ? I be pay the fuel bill . it 's over $ 2.00 this month -- we really oughta try to cut down . marty continue to watch he father . George look a little concerned . GEORGE what 's wrong , son ? you act like you have never see a write -o - matic before . marty pull out he bic pen from he pocket and look at it , shaking he head . GEORGE say , what have you get there ? ( notice the pen for the first time ) a antique pen ? let I see that ! he take it from marty and examine it carefully . I have not see one of this in .... well , this be strange . how do you fill it with ink ? marty 's father flashed he a strange look , which make marty feel slightly uneasy . he look like he want to say something , but before he do , someone knock on the door . a second later , eileen come into the room . eileen marty , there 's someone here to see you . suzy parker come into the room . she be wear some strange clothes , with she hair style in a different , unusual way , but marty do not care . marty suzy ! suzy hi , marty ! marty what do you do to you hair ? suzy what do you do to yours ? marty and suzy both laugh as Professor Brown slip into the room . GEORGE hey , how 's my favorite girl ? she smile . suzy Fine , Mr. mcfly . GEORGE why do not you two get out of here -- I be sure you can find something better to do than watch I pay bill ! suzy look at she boyfriend critically . suzy marty , you would better change you clothes . you can not go to mambo class look like that . marty stare at she blankly . marty mambo class ? you mean people still do the mambo ? suzy shrugge . suzy sure . everybody do the mambo ! marty think about that for a moment , wonder something important . marty do not tell I you have never hear of rock and roll ... suzy now direct a blank look at he . suzy rock and what ? professor emmett brown I have never hear of it either . marty give a big grin . marty well maybe it 's time you do ! he take suzy 's hand and the two of they leave the room , eileen and Professor Brown follow . George mcfly be leave alone in he study , sit at he desk . something about the conversation earlier with he son be gnaw at he . he open he desk drawer and pull out he hydraulic scrapbook . after he plugge it in , the pneumatic cylinder begin to turn the page automatically . it stop at a certain page and George look at the newspaper clipping he have save in there , way back thirty year ago . Police quell near riot at School dance , the headline say . it be that old springtime in Paris dance the article be talk about . beneath the headline be a somewhat grainy photograph of the young man on stage who have play that strange music . as George look closer , he see that the young man in the picture bore a strike resemblance to he son . George shook he head slowly . GEORGE Nah . could not be .... fade to black the end