paradox back to the future ii & Ill revised draft 19 december 1988 ( blue ) with / revision : 12/25/88 , 1/18/89 ( pink ) 1/27/89 ( yellow ) 1/11/89 , 2/2/89 ( GREEN ) 2/8/89 ( goldenrod ) '' the only thing more uncertain than the future be the past . '' Soviet proverb ( obviously , the color - page revision do notappear in this file . however , part that be revise can be note by asterisk appear at the end of line , and in remark , note point at which scene be either omit or delete . ) a general note about scene numbering the scene number in this script contain large block of '' reserve '' number for the follow reason : every time we travel to a different time period ( except for the 1985 prologue ) , the scene number jump to a new 3 - digit number , as follow : 1 — 7 : 8 — 61 : 201 — 238 : 300 — 386 : 501 — 578 : 701 — 713 : 1985 prologue 2015 '' biff 198 " 1955 1888 1985 this be intend to make breakdown easier because simply by look at a scene number , you can tell what time period we be in . fade in : MAIN title sequence over select footage from '' back to the future : '' include the character , the delorean , and other pertinent image ... finally bring we into int . mcfly garage / ext . mcfly house — day weare recreate the close moment of '' back to the future : '' the garage door open , revealing marty outside , who enter and react to see he black Toyota truck for the first time . super title : '' Saturday , October 26 , 1985 . 10:38 a.m. '' jennifer ( o.8 . ) how about a ride , mister ? marty turn and see jennifer stand in the driveway . marty Jennifer ! oh , be you a sight for sore eye ! let I look at you ! marty go to she . Jennifer do not quite understand marty 's reaction . jennifer marty , you be act like you have not see I in a week ! marty | have not . jennifer be you okay ? be everything all right ? marty ( look back at the house , smile ) oh , yeah ! everything be great . marty embrace jennifer in front of the house . they be about to kiss — then , 3 sonic boom and the '' Mr. Fusion '' modify delorean screech into the driveway ! doc brown jump out , frantic , dress in he wild future garb and wraparound glass . doc marty ! you have get to come back with I . marty where ? doc back to the future ! Doc pull a beer can and banana peel out of the garbage and dump they into the '' Mr. Fusion unit . marty wait a minute , what be you doin 's , Doc ? doc | need fuel ! go ahead , quick , get in the car ! marty no , no , no , Doc , | just get here , Jennifer 's here — we be gonna take the new truck out for a spin ... doc well , bring she along ! this concem she , too ! marty wait a minute , Doc , what be you talk about , Doc ? what happen to we in the future ? do we become asshole or something ? no , no , you and Jennifer both turn out fine . it 's you kid , marty . something 's gotta be do about you kid ! marty and Jennifer exchange a look . the delorean back out of the mcfly driveway and into the street . int . delorean doc engage switch and time circuit ; marty and jennifer sit together in the passenger seat . marty Doc , you would better back up . we do not have enough road toget up to 88 . doc road ? where we be go , we do not need road . Doc flip another switch . ext . STREET — delorean the wheel rotate 90 degree , and the dmc lift up and off the ground ! ext . mcfly house front door biff , 42 , come bound out of the mcf ly house with a distinctive book of match , '' biff 's Auto detail . '' biff say , marty , | want to show you this new matchbook | have print up — biff stop short and react with astonishment at the sight of the fly car . biff a fly delorean ...? biff 's p.0.v. of the sky — flying delorean — day the fly vehicle accelerate and blast into the future , vanish from 1995 , leave behind FIRE 6 trail in the air which quickly burn out ! biff react . his eye narrow with suspicion . sinister suspicion . 7 biff what the hell be go on here ? CUT to : int . flying dmc — day 8 thru the windshield be a staccato triple flash of white light , follow by pouring rain which wipe out visibility . Doc flip on the windshield wiper — to discover they be fly right into the path of a oncoming flying truck ! marty and Jennifer scream ! Doc jerk the wheel , narrowly avoid a collision . the angry truck driver stick he head out the window . truck driver stay in you own lane , maxole ! as Doc maneuver the dmc to the correct side of the floating lane marker , marty and Jennifer turn to see what almost hit they . marty what be that ? doc teamster . AIR traffic control ( v.o. radio ) delorean , vector 12 , this be air traffic control . you have make unauthorize entry into commercial transport airspace . why the hell be not you transponder on , over ? doc Roger , we be experience minor technical transponder difficulty . we be descend now for a repair , over and out . marty what the hell 's go on , Doc ? where be we ? doc the future . marty the future ?? Doc point to the time display : '' Oct 21 , 2015 4:29 pm . '' doc Hill Valley , California : 2015 . marty 2015 ? jennifer 201571 ? Doc quickly hold a penlight device to Jennifer 's face which strobe blue light . Jennifer imm ediately pass out . marty Doc , what be you do ? doc relax , marty , it 's just a sleep induce alpha rhythm generator . | do not want she to see too much of the future . marty jeez , Doc , then why bring she ? doc | have to do something . she see the time machine , and | could not just leave she there with that information . this way , when she wake up , she will think it be all a dream . marty well ... you be the doc. 9 ext . above hill valley , 2015 9 the flying dmc descend through the cloud . 10 ext . alley — day 10 the delorean land in a long alley . it still have a bit of residue frost on it . 11 int . delorean 11 Doc turn off some of the switch . doc first you be gonna have to get out and change clothes . * marty Doc , it 's pour rain . doc oh , right ... ( check he watch ) wait 3 more second ... in 3 second the rain abruptly stop , to be replace by bright sunlight ! doc right on the tick . too bad the post office be not as efficient as the weather service . Doc and marty throw open they gullwing door . 12 ext . alley 12 as they get out of the delorean , Doc peel plastic material off he face — as if remove a disguise . marty stare in disbelief . doc Excuse the disguise , marty , but | be afraid you would not recognize I . | go to a rejuvenation clinic ; have ‘em take some wrinkle out , get a hair repair — add a good 30 to 40 year to my life . |also have my spleen and colon replace . what do you think ? Doc now look younger and healthier . he '' model '' he young face . Doc take out a marty you look good , doc. Real good . ( start down the alley ) the future ! whoa , | gotta check this out ! doc all in good time , marty . we be on a tight schedule here . here be you clothes . futuristic gym bag , then go around to get Jennifer out of the car . marty so , Doc , like what about my future ? | make it big , right ? doc marty , please , that 's not why we be here . marty you can tell I , Doc . what be | — like , a rich rock star ? doc please , marty , no one should know too much about they own destiny . marty ( take this as a '' no '' ) okay ... well , at least , I be rich , right ? doc ( sigh ) damn . maybe | should not be do this . maybe | should just forget this whole thing and take you both back home . marty hey , I be sorry , Doc . I be just excited , that 's all . everybody want to know about they future . doc that 's what I be afraid of . ( sigh ) well , we be here . let 's hope my plan work . Change clothes : we have get a mission to accomplish . as marty start unbuttone he shirt , Doc lift the unconscious jennifer out of the delorean and put she down in a doorway alcove behind a futuristic waste processing unit . 13 14 marty you mean we be just gonna leave she ? doc it 's too risky to take she with I . do not worry , she will be safe . she 's out of sight , and it will just be for a few minute . from he pocket , Doc pull out futuristic bino cular — a thin plastic card with eye lense that look like a cheap toy . Doc run down to the opposite end of the alley and start look around for something . we intercut marty as he don the future clothes : the shirt '' button '' with velcro . the jacket seem too big for marty , until he touch a pressure pad on the sleeve , '' un-size form fit . '' instantly , the sleeve automatically shorten and the jacket tailor its elf to marty 's body , to he delight ! Doc continue look around intently through the binoc . at last he focus on something . doc ’sp.ov . thru binoculars of 13 the back of a young man 's head : he 's wear a futuristic yellow cap . ( the binocular matte include digital readout for distance , tem perature , etc . ) doc nod , satisfied . he hurry back to the dmc . 14 meanwhile , marty can not figure out how to '' tie '' he future ( nike ) shoe . he examine they , and touch a pad . the shoe zip - lace itself shut ! marty power lace ! all right ! marty be now fully dress in future garb . marty okay , Doc , so what 's the deal ? doc in exactly 2 minute , you go around the corner , into the '' Cafe * 80' . '' marty Cafe 80' ? * doc it 's one of that nostalgia place , but not do very well . go in and order a pepsi — here 's a fifty . Doc hand marty a future 50 - dollar bill , with rainbow holographic border . doc ( continue ) then wait for a guy name '' griff . '' marty '' griff . '' * 15 doc right . griff 's go to ask you about tonight — be you in or out ? tellhim you be out . whatever he say , whatever happen , say : no , you be not interested . then leave , come back here and wait for I . do not talk to anybody , do not touch anything , do n’tdo anything , do not interact with anyone . Doc rummages around in the delorean and pull out a bag . marty | do not get it , doc. | think this have something to do with my kid . doc precisely . in that clothes , you be the spitting image of you future son — with one last finish touch ... from the bag , Doc pull a yellow cap identical to the one he see a moment ago and put iton marty 's head . doc perfect ! ( he watch beeps ) damn , I be late ! Doc rush back down the far end of the alley . marty Doc , wait ! where you go ? doc to intercept the real marty junior . you be take he place ! Doc disappear around the corner . marty shrug . marty marty junior . with a name like that , how can he go wrong ? he take a deep breath and step out of the alley onto : ext . hill valley courthouse square , 2015 — day 15 yes , its courthouse square — familiar enough to recognize , but vastly change ... for the better : the street be now gigantic sidewalk , for pedestrian and bicycle only — no car , which be restrict to elevate street . ( there be '' no parking '' and '' no landing '' sign post ) . in the center , the village green have be restore and improve , with a duck pond and a fountain . the renovate courthouse be now the entrance to courthouse mall , boast over 75 underground shop ; the clocktow er have the same clock , clean up , restore , and preserve behind hermetically seal plexiglass ( it 's a tourist attraction ) ... and still stop at 10:04 . 16 17 18 19 the texaco station be now a 2 - level gas station . a car land on the upper level and a series of robot arm immediately go to work wash the windshield and check the tire . a plastic surgery franchise , '' bottom up , '' advertising face lift and a sale on breast implant . a robotics shop display robot and accessory ( sale , service , rental ) . billboards for '' twa Vietnam vacation , '' '' pepsi plus ( it 's vitamin enrich ) , '' and '' g.e. superconductor . '' a holographic theater play '' jaw S 14 '' ( this time , it 's really , really per onal ) * direct by Max spielberg . a video software store advertising the '' video classic : a Match make in Space . '' and the perennial finance company offer easy credit : some thing never change . the people in general seem in better physical condition — few be fat or wear glass ( although there be plenty of wild sunglass and videoglass ) . there be kid with paint face — a contemporary fad . a group of hare-krishnas be chant in the square . and public utility worker be tear up the street . marty stare wide - eye , take it allin . he walk past 16 a antique store in which the display window be fill with '' rare antique '' — 17 common household object of the 1970' and 80' : a betamax , perrier bottle , a Super - 8 Movie camera , a macintosh computer , mannequin with old clothes , and a book : '' sport almanac 1950 — 2000 . '' ( there 's also a sign : '' we buy antique coin and bill . '' ) marty spot the '' cafe 80' '' locate where Lou 's malt shop be in 1955 . 18 he go in . * int . cafe 8ux 19 * marty enter and look around . the decor incorporate icon of the 1980' ( '' baby on board '' sign , '' oldy '' music , Miami vice color , etc . ) . the front portion be like a fast food operation . pictorial menus above the counter show various food item . there be '' watchman '' type video screen for each seat . instead of waitress , there be robot / droid with video screen head behind the counter . the screen flash and the face of ronald reagan appear on it , in a '' Max headroom '' computer synthesize image . droid ( video ) welcome to Cafe 8ux where it 's always Morning in America — even in the afternoon ... the '' Morning in America '' cam paign commercial play behind '' Reagan . '' marty stare in amazement , take aback by the startling technology . droid ( reagan ) we special today be mesquite grill sushi , cajun style , dip in a thai cilantro sauce . suddenly , the image become ayat ollah khomeni . droid ( khomeni ) no ! it be the great Satan special ! | demand you have tofu ! ( become michael jackson ) hey ... be cool . do not be bad . we be all friend here . marty uh , could | have ... a pepsi ? marty hold up he fifty . droid ( reagan ) Cash ? well , it 's much easier to just use you thumb ... marty huh ? uh , no , I will pay cash . droid ( reagan ) well , there 's a handle surcharge on cash , but , well , okay , we will . take cash . marty put the bill down on a tray on the counter . its suck into a machine . there be some electronic sound , some whirring noise , and then a pep. perfect in a futuristic container be dispense via the food delivery system . droid ( reagan ) and you change , round off to the nearest dollar ... two 1 - dollar bill come out of the unit . marty take he change . he take the pepsi and examine it he can not figure out how to open it . voice ( 0.8 . ) hey , mcfly ! the voice and tone be familiar — too familiar . marty turn . marty biff ! yes , it 's biff tannen , 78 year old , white hair , craggy feature . he 's at a table , eat sushi and watch a sport event on he watchman screen . biff give he a look and nod knowingly . marty approach he , stare in disbelief at he age feature . biff yeah . I have see you around . you be marty mcfly 's kid , huh ? marty huh ? what ? biff marty junior . you look like he , too . tough break , kid : it must be rough be name after a complete butthead . marty what 's that suppose to mean ? biff take he cane — the top be a sculpt clenched fist — and knock it on marty 's forehead . biff hello ? anybody home ? think , mcfly , think ! you old man : Mr. loser. marty what ? a loser ? biff that 's right . a loser with a capital '' L . '' marty that can not be ! | happen to know that George mcfly be no longer a loser . outside , through the window , a beat up 89 BMW convertible hover conversion pull up to the cafe with 4 guy in it . the vehicle park and the guy get out . biff no , George mcfly 's never be a loser . but I be not talk about George mcfly . I be talk about he kid — you old man : marty mcfly . senior . ( a beat as biff shake he head ) he just take he life and flushed it com pletely down the toilet . marty stand there in stunne shock . marty m-m-me ? marty ? now a kid , 19 , who bear a startling resemblance to biff , step in . kid hey , gramp , | tell you two coat of wax on my car , not just one . biff hey , | just put the 2nd coat on last week . kid yeah , with you eye close . come out here and scan it . it 'sa lo-r job . marty look back and forth between the two in amazement . marty uh , be you two related ? again biff knock on marty 's head with he cane . biff hello ? anybody home ? whaddaya think , griff just call I grandpa for he health . marty look at biff 's grandson with a '' oh shit 's reaction . marty he 's griff . griff gramp , nuke the bab-sesh and get out here , ‘orrita ! what the hell be | payin 's you for ? ( to marty ) and mcfly : do not go anywhere . you be next ! biff head for the door . biff listen , griff , do not you go loanin’ that mcfly kid any money — even though he probably need it ... he and he old man both . biff exit , leave marty dumbfounded . marty watch through the window as griff point out to biff some problem with the finish on he beat up junker . also present be griff 's gang , a girland 2 guy : spike , whitey and hack . on a video screen , a rock video '' oldie '' come on : '' power of Love . '' marty watch and nod to the beat . 3 nearby girl , about 13 , shake they head . girl # 1 oh , shred that ! | only scan that kinda vid at my grandma's ! girl # 2 yeah , what do they call it ? rock and rail ? girl # 3 it do not even sound like music ! girl # 1 yeah , thank God we do not have to live in the 80' . it must have be terrible . marty feel very old . nearby be a arcade video game from the 80' : '' gun fighter . '' it 's one of that where you shoot a light gun at the video screen . a kid , about 8. be look at it . he can not figure it out . kid how do you play this thing ? marty I will show you , kid . I be a crack shot at this one . where do you put in the quarter ? kid Quarter ? what 's a quarter ? marty touch he thumb to a thumbplate where the money would normally go and the game start up . so that 's how you '' use you thumb . '' marty zap every target , no sweat . he 's a crack shot . kid you mean you have to use you hand ? that 's like a baby toy ! marty really feel old . marty take a few more shot , the real marty junior pass by out the window , on he way into the cafe . he 's unnotice by griff , biff and the boy , who be absorb in the car . marty see he come . he 's horrify . marty damn ! marty run behind the counter and duck down , hide . junior enter . marty get a good look at he future son . junior , 17 , although dress like marty , carry himself quite differently . ina word , he ’sa mess : he jacket do not fit right ( the uni-fit system be break ) , he have food stain all over he , and unkempt hair stick out of he yellow cap . he 's a combination of marty 's look with the personality of young George mcfly . droid ( reagan ) welcome to Cafe 80' where it 's always — junior pepsi perfect . junior pay for it by put he thumb to a thum bplate device on the counter , and the delivery unit dispense a pepsi . now griff and the guy enter . griff hey , mcfly ! junior turn and smile weakly . junior hi , griff , guy . how 's it go ? griff hey , mcfly , you shoe 's unvelk . junior fall for it ; griff slap he and he and he boy all laugh . junior laugh , too . marty wince at the humiliation . griff so , mcfly , have you make you decision ab out ... tonight 's little op portunity ? marty react with increase concern . junior uh , well , I be still not sure . seem kinda dangerous ... spike what 's wrong ? you get no scroat ? griff what 's it gonna be mcfly ? you in or out ? junior well ... [ do not really think | should , but ! guess | should discuss it with my fath — griff be you say '' no , '' mcfly ? junior uh , well , yes . that be , I be say , '' no , thank you . '' marty sigh relief . griff wrong answer , mcfly . as he say it , griff pick up marty junior and throws he over the counter right next to where marty be hide ! the guy alllaugh . some of the patron react with concern ; some make phone call on they wrist or headgear phone to 911 . droid ( reagan ) now , now , let 's behave ourselves . marty stare at he unconscious future son , lie there . marty take a deep breath and stand up . griff grab he by the jacket and pull he over the counter . griff now , let 's hear the right answer , or you be gonna geta knuckle brioche ... marty shove griff , and clenches a fist , about to throw a punch . griff and the guy react with surprise at such unusual behavior for marty junior . griff well , well , well , since when do you become the physical type ? marty remember who he 's suppose to be and unclench he fist . marty look , griff , the answer 's '' no griff no? marty n- o. marty turn around and start for the door . griff what 's wrong , mcfly ? Chicken ? marty stop just before he reach the door . his body tense , he face tighten , he anger rise ... spike | tell you he 's get no scroat . hack ( pull marty 's yellow hat off ) sure , why dya think he wear yellow ? marty be seethe . marty what do you call I , griff ? griff Chicken , mcf ly ! griff and the guy make '' cluck '' sound . marty tum around with resolve . marty nobody call I chicken ! griff pick up a plate from the table and hurl it at marty . marty dodge it ; griff charge he ; then marty trip griff ! griff fall to the floor . there 's a moment of stunne silence from griff 's boy . this be clearly uncharacteristic behavior for marty junior . griff get back on he foot and rise in front of marty , slowly stand to he full height . griff all right , punk , you have be look for — marty hey — look ! griff fall for it and turn , and marty throw a punch ... but griff raise he arm and block it . a beat , then marty knee he in the groin ! 20 - 24 25 26 26 - a 27 28 griff wail in pain and drop to he knee . marty run for it , ramming into griff gang , who fall down like domino ! marty bolt out of the cafe . omitted 20 - 24 ext . cafe 8ux — day 25 marty run past biff , who be do some work on griff 's car . marty spot two girl behind the hedge , apparently on kiddie skateboard -scooter . 26 marty jump over the hedge and grab one of ‘em , pull off the detachable scooter handle and convert it into a skateboard . marty hey , kid , | need you — marty stop short as he examine the pink board : there 's a loop strap for one foot but it have no wheel ! its brand name : '' ( -----) -) hoverboard ! '' " marty hoverboard ? he throw it down and it hover a few inch above the ground ! marty all right ! marty hop on it and kick itup to speed : it function just like a skateboard ! he glide diagonally into the square , along the path that jut out into the pond . ext . cafe 26 -a * now griff and the gang come run out of the cafe . they spot marty hoverboard out toward the pond . griff there he be ! hey , mcfly ! you be a dead file ! marty look back at they and just smile , confident that he 's escape . biff watch , scratch he head as memory return . 27 biff there 's something fam iliar about all this ... ext . town square 28 griff and the guy run to griff BMW and pull4 hoverboard from the back seat : wick look model that look a whole lot faster than marty 's ! marty quit gloat and get move ! the path he 's on end as a island in the pond : marty * cut sideways and continue over the water toward the courthouse — but the board * slow ... then stop . he 's stall above the pond , 15 foot from the edge ! marty look behind he . hack mcfly , you bojo , that board do not work on water — unless you have get power ! griff pull out the meanest looking hoverboard in existence : the pit bull ! it 's power with 2 jet , its get fin , and have spike around it — it resemble a chain see ! griff throw it down . it hum and hover to life with a electronic growl ! griff hop on it and do the hoverboard version of a wheelie , just to show off how skilled he be . marty react with fear . he try to kick off the water . he almost fall off — it 's like balance on a log . griff smile sadistically at the helpless marty . now spike , whitey and hack fall in behind griff . griff hook on . the guy pull tow line out from the back of griff 's board . griff whip outa collapsible baseball bat . griff I be gonna take he head off ! griff kick he foot against the engine . he accelerate forward , towing he boy behind he . again , marty try to paddle with he foot , to no avail ! griff raise the bat and take a batter 's stance . the guy fan out behind griff , cackle sadistically . marty , panicked , turn and see griff and the guy bear down on he ! griff go into he backsw ... marty be petrify ... griff start he swing ... then marty pull he foot from the strap , and simply step off the hoverboard , and drop into the pond ! as marty 's head hit the water , griff 's board whizze across , miss he by millimeter ! griff can not stop he swing — he lose he balance in he follow - through , cause himself and the guy to go fly wildly and completely out of control at the courthouse ! 2 guy be knock into column , one go through the door , and another through a window ! alarm go off ! marty come up from underwater as the 3 empty hoverboard of griff 's guy drop to a hover nearby . 29 30 uniformed security guard come rush out of the courthouse to apprehend the punk . marty sigh in relief at he escape . he paddle ashore with the little girl 's pink board . he climb out and spot the little girl and hand back she board . marty thanks a lot , kid . little girl keep it . I have get a pit bullnow ! indeed , she have griff 's board and she hover away on it . as marty walk off with the pink hoverboard , he jacket puff up with AIR : the '' drying mode . '' hot air even blow he face from the collar ! in second , the jacket 's completely dry . omitted 29 % ext . town square — day 30 marty sigh in relief at he escape . he tuck the hoverboard under he arm and start walk back across the square toward the alley . behind he , a man be walk around with a portable thumb unit , solicit . * man save the clock tower ! save the clock tower ! * marty pass a large diamond vision screen which show a com puter graphic '' sportsflash '' of some baseball footage , and the headline : '' cub sweep miami in world series ! '' marty can not believe what he 's see . marty the cub win the World Series ? against Miami ? the clocktower man next to he shake he head sympathetically . man yeah , a hundred - to - one shot . who woulda think ? sure wish | could go back in time and lay some bet on they cubby . marty no , | just mean that miami— ( sudden realization ) what do you just say ? man | say , | sure wish | could go back in time and put money on the cub . * 30 - a 30 - B 31-32 32- a 33 marty 's face light up with a great idea . marty yeah ! * marty look toward the antique store . CUT to : ext . antique store window 30 - a close on a '' antique '' book : '' grey 's sport almanac : 50 year of Sports statistic , 1950 — 2000 . include Baseball . football , horse Racing , box . '' a hand ( marty ' 's ) reach in and pull it out . * CUT to : marty exite the antique store , with a silver bag ( make of some new futuristic material ) 30 - B with the store logo , along with a receipt . marty open the bag and take out the Sports Almanac . he smile and look back at old biff , who be still polish griff BMW . * marty a loser , be |? marty put the Almanac back in the silver bag along with the receipt and toward the alley . omitted 31-32 old biff glance up from the car and give marty a look . 32 - a * as Old biff turn he attention back to the BMW , he see the real marty junior come out of Cafe 80' . Old biff do a double - take , look back over at marty , then again at marty junior , who hurry off in another direction , never notice Old biff or marty . old biff what the hell ? two of ‘em ? Old biff be suspicious . he move cautiously toward marty . marty turn the corner into the alley only to stop short because police vehicle be on 33 the scene . 2 female ( unarm ) 2 cop , reese and foley , be examine the unconscious jennifer . reese tranked out , I would say . smell she ear . foley ( smell Jennifer 's ear ) nothing . reese run a thumb check . 34 35 foley have a pressure pad device ( brand name : '' identi- pad '' ) and push Jennifer 's thumb to a silver thumbplate . a computer synthesized voice reply . com pu -voice ( v.o. ) name : mcfly , Jennifer Jane parker . address : 1131 Park Lane , hilldale . date of birth : October 29 , 1968 . arrest : none . warrant : none . conviction : none . foley hey , do it just say she birthday be 1968 ? she 's get one helluva job ! wonder who she doctor be . my mother - in- law could use a lift like this . reese she could not afford work like that . well , she 's clean ; that mean we take she home . they carry she to they vehicle . marty watch in horror as the Police vehicle take off with Jennifer . 34 marty oh , no ! marty run back into town square . doc ( o.s. ) marty ! over here ! marty tum and spot Doc come around the corner by the Cafe 80' . he have a newspaper ( USA today — Hill Valley edition ) . Doc be now in 1985 clothes . marty Doc ! we be in serious shit ! doc | know ! my plan fail ! marty , what go wrong in there ? Doc point to the Cafe . marty in there ? well , for one thing , the real marty junior show up . doc great Scott ! the sleep inducer ! because | use it on Jennifer , there be not enough power leave to knock you son out for the full 20 minute . damn ! marty Doc , besides that — oh my God ! marty have notice the newspaper which Doc be hold . marty grab it and read . insert — newspaper 35 '' local youth jailed in attempted theft , '' accompany bya photo of marty junior . 36 36 - a 36 - B below that , '' youth gang deny complicity , '' with picture of griff and the punk . marty shake he head , horrify . 36 marty Doc , what 's this suppose to mean ? doc it 's what | bring you here to prevent . this be tomorrow 's newspaper . | just go forward a day to find out if you be successful . marty but this be aw ful ! doc ( nod ) it get worse . as a result of this , you daughter go into a state of severe depression and commit — marty my daughter ? | have a daughter ? what do she do ? doc never mind — you know too much already . it 's all my fault . | just assume if we could get you son to say no to that guy ... marty Doc , he do say no . and just as he be gonna change he mind , that 's when | get into it . | wonder if it say anything about — marty take another look at the newspaper ; this time , he eye nearly bug out of he head . marty Doc , what do this headline say ? doc '' local youth jail in attempt theft . '' marty well , look again . it now say '' local youths jailed for reckless ho verboarding . '' below be picture of griff and the gang , but not marty junior . there 's also a picture of some property damage to the courthouse . doc look at the story and picture , then look at the courthouse at the actual property damage . he pull out the card binoculars . p.o.v. thru binoculars 36 - a a automate droid fax -cam photog rapher ( with the newspaper logo on it ) fly down , land and take the very picture that will appear in this newspaper ! back to shot 36 - B suddenly , Doc have a revelation . 37 38 doc of course ! the ripple effect ! time travel into the future be always the extrapolation of current event of the immediate present . in my case , | leave this time at a moment before this hoverboard incident take place — yet | return after it occur . just as the present affect the future , the future reverberate back into the past . and because this hoverboard incident have now occur , griff now go to jail : therefore , you son will not go with he tonight and this robbery will never take place ! and that 's why the newspaper be now alter . marty kinda like that picture of I and Dave and Linda that keep disappear back in 1955 ...? doc precisely ! marty , we have succeed ! not exactly as | plan , but no matter : mission accomplish ! let 's get Jennifer and go home . marty that 's just it , Doc — the police take she away ! doc great Scott , be you sure ? marty about a minute before | find you . doc damn ! that cop be the reason | do not land the delorean here . some of the modification I have make on it be not exactly street legal . Doc use a wrist remote control unit to pilot the delorean down from behind a building . ext . nearby on the STREET 37 * old biff have be watch marty and Doc ... and now see the delorean descend . * biff a fly delorean ? | have not see one of that in 30 year ... suddenly , biff 's face light with recognition — as he realize that he 's see it before . his eye narrow with suspicion . ext . town square — doc and marty 38 Doc continue piloting with the wristremote . once the dmc land , Doc use the futaba remote control unit ( from twin pine mall ) to drive the car over to they . marty | think the cop say they be gonna take she home . 39 40 doc Home ? great Scott ! if anyone 's home who recognize she — you , or you family , and they traumatize she ... or worse , if Jennifer actually encounter she future self , the consequence could be disastrous ! marty what do you mean ? doc the shock of come face to face with oneself 30 year older be enough to traum atize anyone . she would probably go into shock — she heart could stop , she could drop dead and that would create a time paradox which would unravel the very fabric of the space- time continuum and destroy the entire Universe . ( a beat ) grant , that 's the worst case scenario . the destruction might in fact be very localize , limited to merely we own galaxy . marty ( laugh uncom forta bly ) oh , hey , well , that 's a relief . Doc bring the delorean over to they . doc ( notice marty 's silver bag ) what 's in that bag ? marty this ? oh , nothing , just a souvenir ... a book that look like it might be interesting ... Doc take it , open it and pull out the book . doc '' 50 year of Sports statistic . '' hardly recreational read material , marty . marty okay , well , | figure it could not hurt to bring back a little info on the future , you know , in case of a cash flow problem , I would place a few bet ... doc marty , | do not invent time travel for financial gain ... biff be eavesdropp behind they and he react to this . 39 biff time travel ...? on doc and marty 40 doc ( cont would ) .... the intent here be to gain a clearer perception of humanity : 41 42 where we have be , where we be go , the pitfall and the possibility , the peril and the promise ... perhaps even a answer to that universal question : W hy ? marty oh , hey , I be all for that , Doc , but what 's wrong with make a few buck on the side ? doc because the risk far outweigh any potential reward . Doc put the book back inthe bag and toss it into a nearby trash receptacle . marty sigh with disappointment as he see he scheme of wealth lose . Doc open he gullwing door . einstein , Doc 's dog , be in the car ! doc move over , Einstein ! marty einie ! where would you come from , boy ? Doc and marty , still with the hoverboard , climb into the delorean with the dog . doc I would leave he here in a suspend animation kennel when | go back to 1985 to bring you here . Einstein never know | be go ! we will be home soon , boy . just sit tight . they take off . angle — trash container 41 the silver bag with the Sports Book sit in the trash container . now , a pair of hand rescue it : biff hand . biff examine the book with a sinister smile , then look up at the depart delorean . biff so , Doc Brown invent a time machine . he spot a taxi nearby , discharge a fare . biff wave he cane and go over to it . biff taxi ! biff climb in . biff follow that delorean ! the cab fly off in pursuit . CUT to : ext . hilldale housing project — dusk 42 Beyond a sign , '' hilldale , '' stretch a sprawl of identical cluster townhouse . originally build in 43 44 the 1980' as a '' classy '' yuppie development , the place be show its seam . the flying police car land and drive into the development . ext . townhouse cluster — dusk / night 43 the police car in park outside of number 1131 , '' mcfly . '' reese and foley be carry the still unconscious jennifer to the front door . reese hilldale : they oughta tear this whole place down . breeding ground for tranks , lo-bos and ziphead . foley ring the doorbell . no answer . foley they have gotidenti-pad . we could just take she in . reese be you kirgo ? that 's a violation of the privacy Act . we could get we crag numped ! if we can not revive she , we leave she here . ( gently slap Jennifer 's face ) miss ? miss ? Jennifer start to revive . she 's groggy and disorient . jennifer uhhh ... where be |? reese you be home , miss . you get a little tranke , but everything 's fine . can you walk ? jennifer | — 1 do not know ... reese would you like we to take you inside ? jennifer ohhh ... okay . foley take she hand and push she thumb to the ident - plate below the doorbell . the door open . compu-voice welcome home , Jennifer . the cop help she inside . int . live room 44 they enter the darken room . reese ma’am , you should reprogram . it 's dangerous to enter without light on . jennifer light on ? in response to she word , light automatically come on ! the room be furnish mostly with a lot of ( old ) item from the late ' 80s or early ' 90 — but there be some more radical object as well . the police put Jennifer down on the sofa . she 's still not all here . reese just take iteasy and you will be fine . and you be careful in the future . jennifer the future ...? the cop head for the door . foley so long , Mrs. mcfly . jennifer so long . they exit and the door automatically close behind they . suddenly , Jennifer sit up in disbelief . jennifer Mrs. mcfly ?!? she look around the room . there 's a window , show the grounds of a large estate outside — manicure lawn , garden , gazebo ... the image seem a bit surreal because its daytime . stair go up . Jennifer go to a bookcase and browse . on the shelf be a row of VID - book ( a format yet to be invent ) . there be a prerecord copy of '' a match made in space . '' the other title be handwritten and include : '' wedding — Jennifer & marty . '' '' family vacation — 1995 — 2005 . '' '' George & lorraine 50th anniversary '' '' the kid : marty , Jr. & marlene — vol. 1 , 2 , 3 . '' she take the one label '' wedding '' and open it . Inside the cover be a lcd screen which start play back video tape of marty and Jennifer walk down the aisle . jennifer oh my God ! in response , agirl voice call down from upstairs . marlene ( 0.s. ) Mom ? be that you ? 45 46 the voice sound exactly like jennifer ’s! Jennifer react with alarm . jennifer ( to herself ) I have gotta get out of here ! Jennifer quickly put the vid-book back on the shelf and run for the front door . she can not figure out how to open it — there 's no door knob . suddenly , the doorbell ring . now footstep from upstairs ... and a shadow ... marlene ( 0.s. ) Mom ? Mom ? Jennifer hide in the front closet and close the louver door . she can see out of it . her jaw drop and she eye go wide as she see : marlene mcfly , 17 , who look like ... well , if marty be a gin , this might be she . Big breast , and somewhat chunky , she look like she overdid it on the weight training . ( she do have she mother 's hair , though ! ) marlene push the thumb pad by the front door : itopen . on jennifer watch from closet . 45 marlene ( 0.s. ) oh , hi , grandma lorraine . old lorraine ( o.s. ) hi , sweetheart . | bring dinner . be you folk home yet ? marlene ( 0.s. ) Mom should be home any minute . dad — who know ? jennifer ( realize who this mean ) '' Mom ...! '' jennifer' p.o.v. 46 of the activity at the front door : old lorraine , 77 , have a bag / package of future take - out food . marlene grandpa ! you throw you back out again ! indeed , old GEORGE , 77 , enter upside down in a futuristic harness ! the brand name : ortho -lev . old GEORGE yes ... play slam ball . both lorraine and George have white hair , and more wrinkle , but generally look healthy . marlene l'll take care of this , grandma . marlene take the food from lorraine and go to the kitchen . lorraine look at the window with the estate view : the image roll — a vertical hold problem . there 's also video tear at the top . old lorraine look , this window 's still break . lorraine pick up a remote control unit and operate it . the window image change to the south seas , then to the swiss alp ; then to new york CITY at night . finally the image go off , and the real window view appear — the side of the neighbor 's townhouse with garbage can . old GEORGE maybe we should buy they a new one . we can afford it . jennifer cautiously open the closet door . old lorraine no , George , marty would take that as a insult . he would think you be remind he that he can not afford it . old GEORGE | just want to help out . old lorraine well , you know marty . he 's always so overly concerned about what people think about he , what they say about he behind he back . how many time have we hear it : '' Mom , | can not let ‘em think I be cheap . | can not let they think I be not with it . '' old GEORGE '' | can’tlet ‘em think I be chicken ? '' they exchange a look . Jennifer spot french door in the den at the opposite end of the house . she step out of the closet and cautiously creep that way , be careful to stay out of view of lorraine and George . old lorraine George , that accident with the roll royce be 30 year ago . old GEORGE and marty have not learn a thing . he still will not admit that the whole thing be he own fault . if marty have just use a little common sense , that accident would have never happen . that accident start a chain reaction that send marty 's life straight down the toilet . old lorraine you be right . the man in that Roll royce would not have press charge or sue he , marty would not have break he hand , he would not give up on he music ... old GEORGE and marty would not have spend all that year feel sorry for himself , complain how life give he sucha raw deal . he just give up . old lorraine you be right , George . if not for that accident , marty probably would have make something of himself . now marty junior come run down the stair . Jennifer tense , concerned — she 's right outin the open ! junior run right past she , not even look at she . junior hi , Mom . junior go into the de . compu -voice ( v.o. ) welcome home , marty , oh , master of the house , King of the castle , Lord of the manor . Jennifer react with a '' you gotta be kid '' expression . then , realize she 's still out in the open , she dart through a open door into the bathroom . she close the door , leave it open enough to peek out . the front door open , and there 's old marty , 47 , grey , a little tired , but still good look . he wear a future business suit . old marty hi , everybody , I be home ! aw , dad , you throw you back out again . | really think you should get that spine operation . old GEORGE | know , | know , but who 's get 3 extra hour to spend at the hos pital ? old lorraine how be thing at work , marty ? old marty oh , same old , same old . jennifer notice another door in the bathroom . she look through it and see the den where marty junior be watch 8 different program at once on a large video wall screen — which sit slightly crooked on the wall . old marty junior , dinner time . marty junior but I be watch tv ! old marty well , get you glass . we eat at the table when you grandparent be here . 47 48 49 50 51 52 marty junior aw , dad , | can only watch 2 show at once on my glass ! Old marty straighten out the tilt screen . old marty yeah , you kid really have it tough . when | be you age , if | want to watch 2 show at once , | have to put 2 set next to each other . omitted 47 ext . hilldale development entrance — night 48 the delorean enter the townhouse development . omitted 49 ext . mcfly townhouse — night 50 the dmc park near the mcfly townhouse . marty and Doc get out of the dmc . marty so | live in hilldale ? great ! they just build it ! everybody say it 's a real hip place to live ! Way to go , mcfly ! Doc have Jennifer 's purse ( which be leave behind when he move she ) . he put it in front of Einstein 's nose . doc all right . einie , pick up Jennifer 's scent . you get it ? Einstein bark . doc good . let 's find she . marty : stay here . Change clothes . if | need you , i'ilholler . marty but , Doc — doc we can not risk you run into yourself . c'mon , einie . marty watch as Doc and Einstein head toward the townhouse . ext . hilldale development entrance — night 51 the taxi now arrive at the entrance to the development . int . taxi 52 biff sit in the back of the cab , clutching the silver book bag . his cane be beside he . he spot the delorean a little distance away . marty be beside it , change clothes . biff you can let I off here . cab driver ( offer he a thumbplate ) that will be $ 74.50 . I would be care ful in this neighborhood , old timer . 53 int . townhouse — night 53 the mcfly family minus old Jennifer be at the dinner table . Old lorraine put a little 4 - inch pizza hut box into a '' hydrator '' and push a button . old lorraine ... so | think it would be nice if we throw a little party for he . the hydrator beep ; lorraine open it and pull out a beautiful steaming 15 - inch pizza . old marty Mom , before we plan a party for uncle joey , let 's see if be make parole . Old lorraine serve the pizza . marty junior and marlene be both wear video glass . the glass be opaque from the outside , with lcd readout show what channel the viewer be watch . junior 's readout say '' espn — ch 211-d . '' it 's a football game , and junior react to . it , yelling '' fumble ! | can not believe it ! take he outta the game ! '' etc . old lorraine George , rotate you axis , please . it 's not good for you digestion to eat while your invert . Old George push a controlon he harness which turn he right side up . jennifer , who can see the family from the bathroom , go through the 2nd bathroom door into the de , and creep toward the french Doors . old marty pass I a slice of the kelp , please . marlene no , | do not want to , so nump off ! old lorraine marlene ! do not talk to you father like that ! marlene grandma , I be on the phone , okay ? marlene 's glass display say '' telephone mode . '' now Old marty 's beeper go off . Red light also flash on the kid 's glass . kide ( in unison ) dad ! telephone !! it 's Needles . 53 - a 54 55 Old marty check he beeper , then get up . old marty l'll take it in the de . he pause at a mirror and adjust he tie and check he hair , then go into the de . immediately , Jennifer have to go back into the bathroom . int . the den 53 -a * old marty enter and push a remote controller . the 8 image display be reduce to a small corner of the screen as the image of needle , 47 , appear in the center , atan office work station . to the side a computer readout with he vital and personal statistic . it 's video telephone . needle ( video ) hey , the Big m! how 's it hangin’ , mcfly ? old marty hey , Needles . ext . at the delorean 54 marty , now back in he 1985 clothes , impatiently look in the direction Doc go . should he take a closer look or not ? yeah . he quietly follow , leave the delorean unattend and out of he view . imm ediately , bif F , clutching the silver bag , come up to the delorean , see that the coast be clear and open the driver 's side door . int . den 55 Old marty continue he conversation with Needles while Jennifer watch from the bathroom . needle ( video ) mcf ly , what be you afraid of ? if this thing work , it will solve all you financial problem . old marty and if itdoe not work , | could get fire . it 's illegal , Needles . what if '' the jit '' be monitoring ? needle ( video ) '' the jit will '' never find out . come on , just stick you card in the slot and I 'llhandle it unless you want everyone in the division to think you be ... chicken . marty 's blood rise . he tense up . old marty nobody call I chicken ! needle ( video ) all right , prove it . marty defiantly take out a card with bar code and hold it up for Needles to see . marty then insert it in a slot nextto the screen . old marty here. scan it ! I be in . we hear a electronic tone , then marty withdraw the card . needle thanks , mcfly . see you at the plant tomorrow . the screen blank . as marty turn to leave the room , there be some electronic tone and a new image break in on the conversation : mr. fujitsu , a japanese man in he early 30' . fujitsu ( video ) mcfly !! marty tum — he 's surprised and concerned . old marty Mr. fujitsu , sir ! good evening , sir ! fujitsu ( video ) mcf ly , | be monitoring that scan you just interface . you be terminate . old marty term inate ? but sir ! it be not my idea ! Needles be behind it ! fujitsu ( video ) and you cooperate . it be illegal and you know it . you be fire , mcfly . Goodbye . old marty but , sir — fujitsu ( video ) mcfly : read my fax ! the screen suddenly go to a giant display of a piece of company stationary , address to marty , which say in big block letter , '' you're fire ! simultaneously , a copy come out of the fax unit in marty 's de ! a identical cop y come out in the fax machine in the bathroom ! ( there 's a fax machine in every room . ) Jennifer pull it out and look at it in amazement . fujitsu '' hang up . '' his image disappear and a '' painting '' appear : the '' Art Channel '' ( which broadcast ever change image of fam ous painting ) . Old marty stare at he copy of the fax in disbelief . voice ( 0.8 . ) ( whisper ) Jennifer !! startle , Jennifer shove the fax in she pocket and turn : doc brown be in the bathroom window . 56 ( in the back ground , we can see Old lorraine also pull a copy of the same fax from the unit in the kitchen and read it . ) doc go out the front door ! I will meet you there ! jennifer it will not open ! doc push you thumb to the plate ! she nod , then creep out the first door , keep low as she go toward the front door . old lorraine marty , what 's the meaning of this fax ? old marty believe I , Mom , it be not my fault . | just always seem to get a raw deal on everything . Jennifer make it to the front door . next to itis another fax machine in which be another copy of the '' you be fire '' notice . Jennifer be about to put she thumb to the thumb plate . compu -voice ( v.o. ) welcome home , Jennifer . the door open and Jennifer find herself face to face with her older self ! Young Jennifer 's eye widen , she jaw drop and she gasp at she future appearance : at 47 , the year have not be kind ; booze have take its toll , too . puffy , wrinkle , circle under the eye , she remind we of lorraine at the beginning of part one . jennifer oh , God , I be old ! Young Jennifer 's eye glaze over , she breathe shorten ... Old Jennifer react identically ... then both of then simultaneously keel over forward in a faint : Young Jennifer fall out the door , to the outside , Old Jennifer fall into the house . doc brown run up justin time to catch the young Jennifer . he drag she out , and the front door automatically close . camera move across the unconscious Old Jennifer . then a pair of foot arrive : old marty . as he examine he wife , marlene and junior also come over . old marty look like you mother 's tranke again . ext . mcfly townhouse — night 56 Doc carry the unconscious Jennifer . 57 58 59 doc marty ! come quick ! marty run up and help Doc carry Jennifer . they can not yet see that the delorean be gone . marty be she alive ? doc she 's in shock , as | predict , but otherwise she seem unhurt . let 's get she back to 1985 , and then I be go to destroy the time machine . marty Des troy it ? but what about all that stuff about humanity , find out where we be go , and why ? doc the risk be just too great — as this incident prove . and | be behave responsibly ! just imagine the danger if the time machine be to fall into the wrong hand ! now the delorean pull into the same parking place . the gullwing door open and old biff climb out . he have a bruise on he forehead . he grab he cane — it 's stick . he yank , we hear a '' SNAP '' and he frees it . he hobble away , out of frame . Doc and marty now approach with Jennifer . doc no , marty , time travel be too dangerous . it 's time for I to devote myself to study the other great mystery of the Universe : woman . marty Doc , if you can solve that one , let I know . CUT to : insert — time display 57 as the '' destination time '' be enter : October 26 , 1985 . ( we might notice that '' last time depart '' be November 12 , 1955 . ) int . the delorean 58 marty sit in the dmc with the unconscious Jennifer on he lap . Einstein be behind they , chew ona silver bag . Doc be enter the data . doc we will come back after dark . the less we be see , the better . einie , get that junk out of you mouth . Doc pull it out of the dog 's mouth . ext . the delorean — night 59 the delorean pull out , then its wheel drop down into the fly mode , and it blast off ! 60 61 62 201 202 203 204 old biff see it go , then he clutches he chest in pain and collapse . omitted 60 int . flying delorean — night 61 the delorean be fly through cloud . Doc make he final adjustment . doc altitude , 7000 foot . that should be high enough . marty , einie , brace yourselves for temporal displacement ! Doc hit the accelerator and the speedometer rocket up to 88 ! the flux capacitor glow brightly ... thru the windshield p.o.v. 62 floating lane marker can be see — then the flux capacitor discharge a burst of intense white light , the delorean rock , and the lane marker be go . all we see be night , and distant light below . marty do we make it ? be we back ? suddenly , there 's a incredible roar — a747 thunder right over they , buffete they and nearly wiping they out ! they watch it depart through the windshield . doc we be back . CUT to : ( note : scene number 62—200 be reserve ) ext . the flying delorean — night 201 the fly dmc descend to a 1985 residential STREET . its wheel fold down , itland , and keep drive . omitted 202 ext . jennifer' house — night 203 the mailbox have '' the parker '' on it . wider — revealing the delorean idling in the driveway . 204 Doc and marty be carry the unconscious Jennifer toward a hammock in the yard . doc let 's put she inthe hammock . marty but she leave from my house . 205 206 doc true , but when she revive here at she own house , and it 's dark , the disorientation will help convince she that it be all a dream . marty okay , you be the doc. they put she in the hammock . Jennifer remain asleep . marty look at the house curiously , as if something 's wrong . there be security bar on all the window . marty | must be crazy . | do not remember bar on this window . ( shrug ) oh , well , | guess — ( sniff the air ) jeez , something really stink ! Doc sniff and make a face . doc must be a fire somewhere . we would better get go . marty we be just gonna leave she ? doc she will be fine . I will take you home , you can change clothes and come back for she in you truck . marty you be the doc. CUT to : ext . lion gate of lyon estate — night 205 the dmc drive through the familiar lion gate . the street be strewn with trash — more than usual . ext . mcfly home — night 206 marty get out of the delorean . doc if you need I , I 'llbe back at my lab , dismantle this thing . let I know if you have any trouble convincing she it be all a dream . marty or a nightmare . Doc drive off . marty cock he head — it sound like there 's gunfire in the distance . he walk up to the front door . it 's lock . 207 208 he take out he door key and try to open it — but the key will not fit . marty fiddle with it , to no avail . marty what the hell ? he shrug , then go around to the side of the house . there 's alarge padlock on the gate * which marty have never see before . he shrug , climb up on a garbage can and jump over the gate . marty go to he bedroom window and try it : it open . he climb in — then lose he 207 balance and fall . immediately , he 's greet by a scream ! int . bedroom 208 marty have fall into a bed with a 12 year old black girl ! she keep scream ! marty be shocked ! girl momma ! dad ! help !!! marty hey , who be you ? W hat be do in my—room ...? marty suddenly realize that this be not he room . everything 's different — it 's a girl 's room . girl help !!! daddy , help !!! * she start throw thing at a totally confuse marty . now the door burst open and she parent rush in : dad have a baseball bat ! with they be harold , age 7 . dad freeze , sucker ! marty be terrify ! he raise he hand . marty okay , take it easy . | do not want any trouble . dad well , you get trouble now , you no good trash ! what be you do in here with my daughter ? marty nothing ! its alla mistake ! I be in the wrong house ! harold whoop he , dad ! he 's lie ! dad shut up , harold . ( to he daughter ) Loretta — do he touch you ? girl he jump on I ! 209 210 - 212 212-a 213 214 215 marty please , I be sorry ! | just make a mistake ! dad damn right , you make a mistake ! he swing the bat at marty ! marty dodge and dad 's swing destroy some of he daughter 's possession ! girl dad , stop ! you be breakin’ my stuff ! dad take another swing : he again miss marty and take out more of Loretta 's thing ! Loretta start hit she father . marty run out of the room . ext . front of the house 209 marty run out the front door . he pause at the street to look at the house . it sure seem like he house . suddenly , dad come out brandish the bat , he family behind he . * marty start run . dad that 's right , you keep runnin’ , sucker ! and you tell that white trash realty company that | be not sell , you hear ? we be not gonna be force out ! marty take off down the street . yes , it 's definitely gunfire in the distance . 210 - omitted 212 ext . another STREET — night 212-a marty walk along , confuse . a car drive by , full of scream kide throw beer bottle into the street . marty it 's gotta be the wrong year . marty notice that the house he 's in front of have a newspaper on the porch . ext . on the porch 213 marty run up on the porch , pick up the paper and open it . he check the date . insert — newspaper ( hill valley telegraph ) 214 the date be '' Saturday , October 26 , 1985 . '' marty be stunne . 215 * 215-a 215 - B 216 marty 1985 ? it can not be ! there 's a offscreen sound of apump shotgun cocking , and a gun barrel be shove against marty 's head . man ( 0.s. ) so you be the son of a bitch who 's be steal my newspaper ! the voice be familiar . marty tum and find himself face marty mr . strickland ! yes , it 's strickland , and he look even meaner than we remember , particularly because of a large , ugly knife scar across he face . he 's wear a flak jacket over he bathrobe . strickland look at he without recognition . strickland do | know you ? marty yes , sir , it 's I , marty ! marty mcfly ! strickland who ? marty marty mcf ly ! you know , from High School ! you be always give I tardy slip . you just give I detention last week . strickland last week ? now | know your lie . there have n’tbeen a High School in Hill Valley for 6 year ! on marty 's astonished reaction , we CUT to : hill valley high school ... 215a * ... that be , what 's leave of it . it 's be burned and firebombed ! a substantial portion of it be in ruins and most of what 's still stand be blacken with soot and ash . the window be board up , and the whole place be surround by a barbed wire fence . marty stare at it in disbelief . 215b * marty this be nut . he shake he head , then walk on , staggered . we hold on the burn out school , then we CUT to : marty on the run again as he now arrive at 216 217 ext . courthouse square — night 217 the sign , '' Hill Valley — a Nice place to live '' be riddled with bullet hole . marty step past it and become even more shocked as he discover ... the courthouse have be convert intoa gigantic las vega style high rise HOTEL complex ! it 's garish , overdo , outrage ous , and it 's call '' biff tannen 's. pleasure paradise — Hotel — Resort — casino — Girls . '' the huge flash light sign include a animated portrait of biff lighting a cigar with a $ 100 bill ! the place be do tremendous business . marty be dumbfounded . biker rev they harley and drag up and down the street . in the distance , large industrial smokestack spew thick pollution into the night sky . marty see that the whole square be now a sleazy nightmare of bar , adult book store , pawn shop , bail bondsmen and porno theaters . two bouncers , who we may recognize as 2 of biff 's boy from 1955 , match and 3 - D * ( who now wear garish jewele 3 - D glass ) , be throw a young man out of the paradise Hotel . 3 - D and do not ever come beggin’ for drink in here again ! friggin 's lush ! the drunken fellow pick himself up off the pavement . drunk hey , can n’tyou guy take a joke ? marty react : there 's something very familiar about this character ... the drunk pull a pint bottle out of he rag coat , drain what 's leave in it , and throw it at the hotel . marty gasp as he realize who it be : dave mcfly , 22 , he own brother ! Red nose , puffy face , Dave be really plaster . marty Dave ! dave marty ! hey , bro , what 's happen ! hey , you be lookin’ kinda rag there — what , do you sleep in you clothes again last night ? marty Dave , my God , what 's happen to you ? what 's happen to the town ? what 's go on around here ? dave oh , all this ? it 's the biker 's Convention . so , marty , when have you get back ? marty back ? back from where ? 218 - 221 221- a dave well , if you do not know , how do you expect I to tell you ? ( laugh loudly ; then con spira torially ) hey , let 's go have a few , huh ? you get money , do not ya ? Dave pull he toward a tavern . marty what be you talkin’ about , Dave , I be under age ! dave under age ? quit kiddin’ around ! you be over 14 since — since — well , since you 14th birthday ! Dave roar at this '' joke . '' marty 14 ? listen , Dave , | gotta find Mom and dad . dave dad ? you gotta find dad ? that 's sick , marty , that 's really sick . what 's the matter with you , anyway ? and since when be you and Mom on speak term again ? marty speak term ? look , do you know where she be ? can you tell I where | can find Mom ? dave ( shrug ) same place as usual , | guess . in there . Dave point to biff tannen 's paradise motel . marty stare at the hotel , confuse . he turn back to Dave , but Dave be already go into the bar . martyis about to stop he , but then decide not to . he again look at biff Hotel . marty approach it . adjacent to the hotel be the biff tannen museum . marty take a look at the outside display area in front of the ticket window . 218 - omitted 221 ext . museum display area 221 - a out front be biff 's black roadster that he drive in 1955 , restore and cherry . narrator ( 0.8 . ) ...of course , we have all hear the legend . but who be the man ? Inside , you will leam how biff tannen become one of the richest and most powerful man in America ! marty tum : a promo film for the museum be run on a large video monitor . marty move in closer and watch ... 221 - b_ promo film for the biff tannen museum 221b * a photo montage , in color and black - and - white , promote the exhibit inside , include still of baby biff , buford tannen , biff pose with celebrity ... narrator ( v.o . ) learn the amazing history of the tannen family , start with he grandfather , buford '' mad Dog '' tannen , fastest gun in the west . see biff 's humble beginning and how a trip to the race track on he 21st birthday make he a millionaire overnight ... share in the excitement of a fabulous win streak that earn he the nickname , '' the luckiest man on Earth . '' while marty watch , a woman in the ticket booth notice he , eye he curiously , then pick up a phone . narrator ( v.o . ) learn how biff parlay that lucky win streak into the vast empire call '' biffco . '' Witness how biff change the face of Hill Valley , make it a center of industrial growth . discover how in 1969 biff successfully lobbied to legalize gambling throughout the land , to put the dream he have realize into the reach of all Americans . Marvel at biff 's ongoing relationship with the rich and famous . meet the woman who share in he passion as he searched for true love . and relive biff happiest moment as in 1973 he realize he lifelong romantic dream by marrying he High School sweetheart , loraine baine mcfly . there be image from the wedding with biff and lorraine come out of a church . biff ( on video ) 3rd time 's a charm ! biff kiss she fullon the mouth . 221c * 221-c marty go nut ! marty no !!! no !!! he step back from the monitor , enraged and shocked . suddenly , a hand clamp down on he shoulder : marty find himself face 3 thug : skinhead , match and 3 - D — biff 's cohort from 1955 . skinhead hold on there , squirt . you be comin’ with we : upstairs . marty let I go , dam mit ! match look , we can do this the easy way or the hard way . marty struggle . 3 - D pull out a blackjack and club he ! many go out like a light . 222 3 - D ( shrug , smile ) the easy way . CUT to : int . darkened bedroom — night 222 marty be lie in bed , light by ambient light from a window . female hand place a cold compress on he forehead . marty groan and stir . marty Mom ? be that you ? lorraine ssshh . just relax , marty . you have be asleep for alm ost 2 hour . marty ohhh , what a horrible nightmare ... it be terrible . lorraine well , you be safe and sound now . back home on the good old 27th floor . marty 27th floor ?? marty sit up in horror as lorraine sit down beside he and turn on the bedside lamp revealing a very different lorraine : at 47 , she 's make up like tammy bakker , with a outrageous wig , lot of jewel and a expensive , glitter gown — low cut , emphasize she cleavage : breast implant have give she a very ample bust . marty mom ! you be so — so — big ! she put a cigarette in a garish holder and light up . lorraine everything 's go to be fine , marty . be you hungry ? we can call room service ... marty look around at the garishly decorate bedroom . the large picture window show that we be 15 storey up : this be the penthouse of the paradise . lorraine | forget , you have not see the penthouse since we redecorate ... from outside , we heara male voice . voice ( 0.8 . ) lorraine ? where be you ? lorraine it 's you father ! marty my father ? 223 biff 223 biff , 48 , kick open the bedroom door . he 's dress in a silk suit , with showy jewelry and chain . his thug be with he . biff glare at marty . marty be absolutely shocked . marty my father ? * biff you be suppose to be in Switzerland , you little son of a bitch ! do you get kick out of another board school ? dammit , lorraine , do you know how much perfectly good dough I have blow on this no good kid of yours ? on all 3 of ‘em ? lorraine what the hell do you care ? we can afford it ! the least we can do with all that money be make a better life for we child ! lorraine pour herself a glass of scotch and drain it . biff marty 's you kid , not mine , and all the money in the world would not do jackshit for that lazy bum ! he 's a butthead , just like he old man be ! lorraine do not you dare speak that way about George ! you be not even half the man he be ! biff glare at she , then slap she . biff never talk to I like that , you hear I ? ever ! marty charge biff , but biff 's boy restrain he . biff ( to marty ) always the little hothead , huh ? lorraine dammit , biff , that 's it I be leave . lorraine head for the door . biff sure , walk out and I will cut you off — you and you kid . lorraine hesitates . biff | can get Dave 's probation revoke and he will have to go to prison — maybe he will even end up share a cell with you brother joey . and Linda — I will close she account and she can settle she debt with the bank all by herself . and marty , well — 224 225 biff storm out . lorraine okay , biff , you win . I will ... stay . biff damn right , you will stay . ( to marty ) as for you , I 'llbe back up here in a hour . so you would better not be ... marty tum to he mother in disbelief , he eye full of unask question . lorraine look away from he , ashamed . lorraine | have it come , marty . | be wrong . he be right . marty Mom , what be you say ? you be actually defend he ? lorraine he 's my husband , and he take . care of all of we , and he deserve we respect . marty you husband ? respect ? how can he be you husband ? how could you leave dad for he ? lorraine leave dad ? marty , be you feel all right ? marty no ! I be not feel all right ! | do not understand one damned thing that 's go on around here and why nobody can give I a simple straight answer ! lorraine they must have really hit you over the head hard . marty Mom , | just want to know one thing . where 's my father ? where 's George mcf ly ? lorraine marty , George — you father — be in the same place he 's be for the past 12 year : oak Park Cemetery . on marty 's expression of horror , we CUT to : ext . oak park cemetery — night 224 wind whip through the twisted dead tree , casting spooky moonlit shadow across the tombstone . marty run wildly through the graveyard , read tombstone , until he find george' tombstone 225 '' in loving memory , GEORGE douglas mcfly , April 1 , 1936 — March 15 , 1973 . '' 226 226- a 227 228 marty 226 marty 1973 ! noh !!! ( drop to he knee , sobbing ) please , God , no ! this can not be happen ! a shadow fall across marty — a human shadow , come up from behind . doc ( 0.s. ) I be afraid it be happen , marty , all of it . marty tum . it 's doc. marty Doc ! doc when | learn about you father , | figure you would come here . marty then you know what happen to he ? you know what happen on ... ( check date on tombstone ) ..- March 15 , 1973 ? doc yes , marty . |know . CUT to : omitted 226a * insert — newspaper ( hill valley telegraph ) 227 a library bound volume of local newspaper , open to March 16 , 1973 . '' GEORGE mcfly murdered ! '' author shot dead in apparent holdup enroute to receive book award . Police baffle , search for witness . '' a photo of George mcf ly accompany the story . int . doc 's lab — night 228 marty be read it while Doc explain . they're in Doc 's lab which be ashamble : it 's be vandalize , window be board up , and the scene be light by candle . the delorean be park in the garage , and einstein be here , too . doc | go to the public library to try to make sense out ofall the madness . the place be board up , shut down . so ! break in and borrow some newspaper . marty but , Doc , howcan all this be happen ? | mean , it 's like we be inhell or something . doc no , it 's Hill Valley , although | can’timagine hell be much worse . the continuum have be disrupt , create a new temporal event sequence result in this alternate be ality — alternate to we , but reality for everyone else . marty English , doc. Doc hand he the silver book bag from the future . * doc recognize this ? it 's the bag the sport book come in . | know because the receipt be still inside . Doc show he the receipt . doc | find they in the time machine along with this : Doc show he the fist ornament from Old biff cane . 229 insert — the fist ornament 229 engrave on it be '' biff H. tannen . '' 230 back to shot 230 marty this be the top part of biff 's cane — in the future . and you find itin the delorean ? doc correct . it be in the time machine because biff be in the time machine , with the Sports Almanac . marty Holy shit ! in the back ground , Doc 's automatic dog food machine , attach to a car battery , * activate and dispense Einstein 's dinner . doc you see , while we be in the future , biff get the sport book , steal the time machine , go back in time and give the book to himself at some point in the past ! look .... Doc show marty another newspaper . '' hv man win Big at race ! '' there 's a photo of biff receive he money at the pay window . doc it say right here that biff make he first million betting on a horse race in 1958 . he be not just lucky : he know because he have all the race result in the Almanac ! that 's how he make he entire fortune ! look at he pocket with the magnify glass ... marty do so . 231 232 232- a 232-b insert — newspaper photo stick out of biff 's pocket can be see the top part of the almanac ! back to shot marty that bastard steal my idea ! Doc , he must have overhear I when | tell you about — ( realization ) this whole thing 's my fault if | have not buy that book , none of this would have happen . doc well , that 's all in the past . marty you mean in the future . doc whatever , it demonstrate precisely how time travel can be misus and why the time machine must be destroy ... after we straighten all of this out . marty right ! we have gotta go back to the future and stop biff from ever steal the time machine ! doc we can not — because if we travelinto the future from this point in time , it would be the future of this reality , in which biff be wealthy and marry to you mother , and in which this have happen to I . Doc show he another newspaper from 1983 . insert — newspaper back to shot marty be horrify . doc no , marty , we only chance to repair the presentis in the past — at the point where the time line skew into this tangent . somehow , we must find out the specific circumstance of how , where , and when young biff get he hand on that S port Almanac . marty look at the 2 newspaper and fill with resolve . marty vllask he . headline : '' emmett brown committed . crack pot inventor declare legally insane . '' there 's a picture of Doc in a strait jacket . ( there 's also another article : ' nixon to seek 5 th term . vow to end Vietnam W be by 1985 . '' ) CUT to : 231 232 232- a 232-b 233 int . biff ’'s penthouse — night 233 biff be in a jacuzzi with 2 showgirl while watch '' a fistful of dollar '' on a big screen tv . biff great flick . great friggin’ flick . suddenly , the screen go black . biff hey , what the hell — ? marty step forward with the remote controller . marty Party 's over , biff . biff you ! what be you do here ? how the hell do you get in here , anyway ? how would you get past my security downstairs ? marty | manage . biff well , you get just 10 second to get you ass the hell outta here or you be gonna have to be carry out . biff pick up a nearby phone . marty there 's a little matter | need to talk to you about . biff money , right ? W ell , forget it . marty not money , no . ( a beat , then delib erate ly ) Gray 's Sports Almanac . biff stop and stare at marty very intently . marty you know what I be talk about it 's a book , paperback , silver cover and jacket , with -----. — letter . biff put the phone down . biff you hear he , girl : party 's over . CUT to : a-234 close on a matchbook a- 234 '' biff tannen 's pleasure paradise . '' it 's a matchbook for the Hotel . 234 int . penthouse — biff private office — night marty be examine the matchbook , which be pick up from a table in biff private office , which be plushly ( and garishly ) furnish . biff , now clad in a silk monogramm robe , pour himself a scotch . marty '' biff 's pleasure paradise . '' very cute . biff starttalkin’ , kid . what else do you know about that book ? marty pocket the matchbook . marty first you tell I how you get it . how , where , when ... biff stare at he , then smile slyly . biff all right . biff get up and go to a oil portrait of himself . it 's hinge — he open it , revealing a wall safe with 3 combination lock . biff November 12 , 1955 . that be when . marty 1955 ? biff it be at school , at this dance . marty the enchantment under the Sea dance ? biff how do you know about that ? marty oh , uh , my father tell I about that dance ... uh , before he die . biff well , there | be , mindin’ my own business , and this crazy old codger with acane call I over . he say he 's my distant relative ; | do not know ifhe be , he do not even look like I . so he say , '' how would you like to be rich ? '' | say '' sure , '' so he lay this book on I . biff open the safe and pull outa smaller fireproof airtight sealed container . he unlock it , revealing one item inside : the sport almanac . it 's 30 year older , yellow , stain , and wear . it no longer have the dust jack et . he let marty have a look at it . 234 236 236 237 238 biff ( cont would ) he say this book will tell I the outcome of every sport event till the end of the century . all | have to do be bet onthe winner and I will never lose . naturally , | think he 's full of it . so | say , what 's the catch ? and he say , no catch . just keep it a secret . then he say '' biff tannen , you be one lucky guy . '' after that , he disappear and | never see he again . biff take the book back from marty and lock it in the safe . biff oh , he tell I one more thing . he say , someday a crazy wild -e yed scientist or a kid may show up ask about this book . and if that ever happen ... biff pull a .38 revolver out of he desk drawer and aim it at marty . biff funny , | never think it would be you ... marty gulp . marty yeah , well , you be forget one thing — hey , look ! biff fall for it and look ; marty grab biff 's scotch and throw it in he face ! marty bolt . biff fire a few shot , but marty 's outta there ! biff pick up a phone . biff marty mcf ly 's on he way down . take care of he : permanently . then biff chase after marty . omitted 236 int . penthouse corridor 236 marty run into the corridor , past 2 ( down ) elevator and through door mark '' stair . '' he run up . omitted 237 ext . HOTEL roof — night 238 marty come out onto the roof and run to the edge . it 's a eerie environment , with the color light from the hotel sign and the weird smokey pollution that waft through the sky . marty look down : no escape . now biff come out onto the roof , gun in hand , smile as be approach marty . biff go ahead , kid . jump . a suicide will be nice and neat . 300 marty yeah , and what if | do not ? biff ( raise the gun ) lead poisoning . marty look down . he 's scared . marty and what happen to you when the police match the bullet up to that gun ? biff ( laugh ) kid , | own the police . besides , they could not match up the bullet that kill you old man . marty be shocked at this revelation . biff ( chuckle ) | suppose it 's poetic justice : 2 mcflys with the same gun . biff cock the gun . then , marty jump off the roof ! biff be amaze . he run to the edge and look down ... suddenly , marty rise up , stand on the hood of the flying delorean ! before biff can react ... doc throw open the gullwing door and crack biff in the face ! biff fall backward . marty climb into the delorean , close the door , and they fly off biff justlay there , out cold . CUT to : ( note : scene number 239 to 299 be reserve . ) ext . — night sky 300 quiet . peaceful . suddenly , 3 staccato sonic boom erupt and the flying delorean appear out of nowhere ! it swoops down , then its wheel fold down as it go into its landing mode . there be frost on it . * the delorean descend and land behind the 1955 lyon estate billboard ( '' live in the home of tomorrow ... today ! '' } 301 - 305 306 306-a 306-b 306-c 306-d 306-f 306 - G 306- h 306 - J 306 - k 306 - L 306 - m 306 - N CUT to : omitted int . school gym — dance ( existing footage ) — night '' enchantment under the Sea 's be in full swing , with marvin Berry and the starlighter play '' night train . '' marty , wear a black leather jacket and hat , be keep a low profile behind the refreshment table as he look around the gym . ( he have a pair of 1985 mini-binoculars .) GEORGE be at one end of the gym . mr. strickland be also here , wander around . omitted young biff and he gang be also here , ogling several girlie magazine , laugh and slapping each other . marty react upon see biff . he pull out a 1989 walkie-talkie . marty yo , Doc ! come in ! intercut with ext . lyon estate billboard — night doc have the other walkie-talkie and respond to marty . doc | read you , marty , over . marty | just spot young biff , but no sign of Old biff yet . doc then do not let young biff out of you sight . when the old man find he , you will be there . marty check , doc. over and out . marty put the walkie-talkie in he pocket and continue watch biff and the boy . they surreptitiously pass a bottle of booze around . skinhead notice that strickland be eyeing they suspiciously from across the gym . he nudge biff and point this out . biff look over at strickland , then say something to the guy . they all exit through the front door . strickland have see this . he 's suspicious . marty have see this also . he head for the same exit door . 301 - 305 306 306-a , 306-b 306-c 306-d 306-f 306-g 306- h 306 - J 306 - k 306 - L 306 - m 306-n 307 308 308- a 308 - B 308-c deleted 307 ext . school 308 marty come outside and look around , while continue to stayin the shadow and out of vision . he go down step to a landing and he spot ... biff and the boy loitering on the step on the next landing below with they magazine , 308-a pass the bottle around . 3 - D finish the booze and hand the empty bottle to biff . 3-d drink up , biff ! biff put the bottle to he lip , then see he 's be shortchange . the guy laugh . biff give 3 - D a slap . biff that 's so funny , | forget to laugh . now go get another one ! match ai not you comin’ , biff ? biff I be readin 's ! the guy head off together around to the back of the building . biff continue paging through he magazine . marty keep watch . voice ( 0.8 . ) biff ! hey , biff ! biff look around for the source of the voice . voice ( 0.8 . ) over here , biff ! it 's old biff sit ina nearby park car motion to young biff . marty move in closer and pull out he binocular . 308-b marty 's p.o.v. of the car ( binoculars ) 308-c Young biff step over to the car . biff yeah ? what 's you problem , old man ? old biff how would you like to make a lot of money ? 308- D a-309 b-309 a-310 biff yeah ? doin 's what ? old biff get in and I 'l tell you . biff what be this , pop ? and how do you know my name ? old biff we be related . now , get in the car , butthead , and I will explain it to you . biff hesitates a moment , then go over to the passenger side and get in . marty watch through the binocular with anticipation . he can not hear they conversation . marty pull out the walkie-talkie . marty Doc , come in ! int . — lab with doc at the billboard doc Roger , marty , go ahead . marty it 's happen , doc! Old biff 's here . he 's talk to young biff right now ! doc all right , marty . remember , do not make a move until after Old biff give young biff the book and leave . we must let Old biff believe he 's succeed so that he will leave 1955 and bring the delorean back to the future . intercut marty '’s p.o.v. of the car Old biff show the Almanac to a very skeptical young biff . marty | see the book now ! doc oh , and marty : you must be especially careful not to let yourself be see by you father , you mother , or you other self ! marty my other self ? marty realize what doc mean . he look down to the parking area and see : ext . school parking lot ( binoculars Pov ) the yellow packard with lorraine and the '' other '' marty ( we will refer to he as ' 55 marty ) be pull into the school park ing lot ! 308- D a-309 b-309 a-310 a-311 a-312 marty shake he head at the weirdness of it all . a-311 marty this be get strange . marty then go back to watch the 2 biff in the car . Old biff give young biff the Almanac . Young biff get out of the car . old biff biff tannen , you be one lucky guy . Young biff slam the door . Old biff revs up the car , back up and drive out of there . Young biff look at the book and shake he head at the depart Old biff as ifhe 's a nut case . biff what a butthead ! biff shove the book in the back of he pants , then pull out he girlie mag and saunter over against a chain link fence at the stair landing . biff lean against the fence and look at the magazine . the Almanac be stick out of he pants . it 's a perfect opportunity for marty to get the book . marty a-312 quietly whisper into the walkie-talkie . marty all right , Doc , the old guy just leave and I be gonna make my move ... marty pocket the walkie-talkie and leap over the parapet . he drop into the stairwell on the opposite side of the fence which biff be lean against . bif if react to the sound . he look around , see nothing , then continue look at he magazine . marty move into position . he see the almanac in biff 's pants , easily able to grab it . he reach for it ... and then strickland step out of the adjoin building and start toward biff . strickland well , well , Mr. tannen , how nice to see you here . biff turn , hide the magazine behind he back and try to act innocent . biff why , Mr. strickland , sir , nice to see you here , sir . 313 314 315 strickland sniff biff 's breath . strickland be that liquor | smell , tannen ? biff | would not know , sir . | do not know whatliquor smell like because I be too young to drink it . strickland | see . and what do we have ... here ? strickland reach behind biff 's back and pull out the sport almanac . he look at the cover . strickland Sports statistic . intere sting subject . ( look through it , shake head ) homework , tannen ? biff no , it be not homework ' cause | be not at home . strickland ( shove he ) you have gota real attitude problem , you know that , tannen ? just watch it , because one day | I be gonna have you right where | want you : in detention , slacker ! strickland walk off with the Almanac , past the Packard and toward the school ! marty can not believe it ! biff butthead ! biff take a beat , then go off in the direction that he guy go . omitted 313 marty run after strickland . 314 strickland go into the school . marty follow . as he approach the Packard , he duck down so that be be not see by ' 55 marty and lorraine who be inside . once clear of the Packard , marty go into the building strickland have enter . at the billboard 315 Doc pace anxiously . distant thunder . Doc look up at the sky . doc the storm ! CUT to : 316 317 318 318- a 319 int . darkened school hallway — night 316 marty creep down the hallway to the single light door . he peek through it . marty '’s p.o.v. of int . strickland's office 317 strickland's office be a double office : a outer and inner office , separate by a glass partition . marty be able to see Mr. strickland in the inner office . his desk have a open kneehole . marty quietly enter the outer office . he peek through the partition and see 318 strickland who put the Almanac on he desk , sit down on he swivel chair and open a 318 - a drawer . he pull out a whiskey bottle . strickland take a nip and swivel around . his back be to the door . marty go to the door , stoops down and dash in . he drop down alongside strickland 's 319 desk . strickland react as if he 's hear anoise . a beat , then he shrug and take another nip . marty cram through the kneehole and reach through with he hand in a effort to reach the Almanac which be on top of the desk . just as marty be about to reach it , strickland turn . marty withdraw he hand . strickland swivel in he chair and stick he leg through the kneehole , alm ost kick marty in the face . strickland lean back in he chair , look away from the desk . again marty attempt to grab the book ; again , strickland move and thwart the attempt . at last , strickland cork the bottle and put it back in the drawer . strickland stand : he 's ready to leave . marty smile . finally he 's go to get he chance . strickland move away from the desk . a beat , then strickland look back at the desk and take the almanac with he ! marty be horrify ! he watch as strickland head for the door . then strickland simply toss the book in the trash can and exit ! marty sigh relief . as soon as the door to the hall close , marty go for the trash can and pull out the book . he 's get it ! there 's that red cover : '' sport almanac ! '' marty sigh relief . he pick it up , open it and see provocative picture of scantily clad women ! marty do not get it . then he discover it 's the girlie magazine disguise with the almanac cover jacket ! marty shit ! ( into wakie - talkie ) doc! trouble ! | blow it ! x-319 intercut with doc at the billboard X - 319 doc where 's the book ? marty biff must still have it on he ! doc where 's biff ? marty | do not know ! through the window in the background we see GEORGE mcfly hike up he pants , about to approach the Packard . doc do not you have any idea where he be ? marty no , Doc — he could be anywhere by now . for all | know he could have hop a Greyhound and leave town ! behind marty , through the window , George step up to the Packard , open the door and confront biff . doc great Scott . this be serious shit ! marty tell I about it ! doc think , marty , think ! where would biff have go ? marty Doc , if | know that , I would go after he ! doc marty , if we have to abortthis mission , we risk jeopardize the entire space- time continuum . marty Doc , | just do not know where to — from outside , marty hear yell . lorraine ( 0.s. ) stop it . biff , you will break he arm ! 319 - a 319 - B 320 321 322 323 323- a 324 325 marty look out the window . marty' p.o.v. of 319 - a biff twist GEORGE 's arm back into a hammerlock at the Packard , with lorraine try to stop it . marty light up with a idea . 319 - B marty of course ! | get one chance , Doc ! I will call you back ! doc ( v.o. radio ) Roger , 10 - 4 . message acknowledge , stand by . marty run to the door , unlock the deadbolt , and take off . ext . hill valley high school — night 320 marty come run out from the school toward ext . the packard — night 321 the confrontation between biff and GEORGE continue . lorraine leave he alone ! lorraine try to stop he , but biff knock she down . biff laugh . George react with rage . his finger close into a fist , he tooth clench , and then he let biff have it , right in the face ! marty be delighted . 322 marty Way to go , George ! marty suddenly duck as he see the '' other '' marty ( we will refer to he as ' 55 marty ) run in to see the aftermath of the 323 fight and react with amazement as biff be knock senseless and fall to the pavem ent . 323 - a marty again react to '' himself . '' 324 marty talk about deja vu ...! marty' p.o.v. of 325 George and lorraine walk off arm and arm toward the school as a crowd gather around the unconscious biff . ' 55 marty check the disappear photo , then turn around and run off . 326 327 328 329 marty run over to the crowd around biff and push through . 326 marty let I through , | know cpr . girl cpr ? what 's cpr ? marty push he way in there , and bend down over biff . on biff and marty 327 biff groan S. he 's come to . he blink ... marty everybody , move back . give he some air . the crowd move back . biff hey , what the — you ! * as biff recognize marty , marty punch biff again ! biff again lose consciousness ! marty roll he over , lift up he jacket , and there 's the sport almanac , just as biff have tuck it into he pants . marty pull it out , check thatit 's the real thing and sigh relief . he stand . marty it 's okay , everybody , he 's gonna be fine . marty move away from the crowd , book in hand , breathe easier . when he 's a good distance away , he pull out the walkie-talkie . marty yo , doc! success ! I have get it ! at the billboard 328 doc brown respond to the walkie-talkie . doc thank goodness ! I will be on my way as soon as | reload Mr. Fusion . i'llpick you up on the football field ! marty the football field ! ten-four ! Doc begin load trash into Mr. Fusion . ext . school — night 329 marty shove the Almanac into he jacket pocket . '' earth angel " can be hear come from inside the gym . 330 - 339 340 340 - a marty go run around toward the back of the school , and run smack into skinhead , 3 - D and match come from around the corner ! marty imm ediately run back the other way ! skinhead hey ! that be he ! in disguise ! he get out ! match let 's get he ! they chase marty ! marty run into the school ! omitted int . school gym marty duck into the school gym and stay off to the side , try to be inconspicuous . on stage , ' 55 marty be introduce '' johnny B. Goode . '' biff 's boy come into gym and look around . they spot ' 55 marty on stage . 3-d look ! how would he get on stage ? skinhead | do not know . but sooner or later be 's gotta get down . and we 'llbe waitin’ for he , right off stage . c’mon ! biff 's guy make they way to side of the stage ( stage leave ) as ' 55 marty and the starlighter kick into '' johnny B. Goode . '' marty react in horror . he call into the walkie-talkie . marty Doc ! biff 's guy chase I into the gym and now they be lay for I . ext . lyon estate billboard ( intercut ) — doc doc then go out another door . marty no , they be lay for the other I : the I that 's on stage , play johnny B. Goode ! doc great Scott ! if they succeed , you will miss the lightning bolt at the clock tower , you will not get back to the future ... and we will have a major paradox . 330 - 339 340 340-a 340 - B 340 - C 340 - 340 - D 340 - E 340 - F marty a paradox ? you mean one of that thing that could destroy the Universe ? doc precisely ! marty this be heavy ! doc marty : you have to stop that guy atall cost — but without be see by you other self , or you parent ! int . gym marty ten-four . kid be dance to johnny B. Goode . marty try to cut across the dance floor , but he spot George and lorraine dance . instead , marty go behind the refreshment table and make he way to the opposite side of the stage from where biff 's guy be ( stage right ) . marty check to see that ' 55 marty be look in the other direction , then he dash up the stair and go backstage . int . gym — backstage marty can see biff 's guy wait at the other end . marty look around , try to figure out what to do . then he look up and see a catwalk that run above the stage . three sandbags on a rope be situate right above biff 's boy . marty have a idea . he climb up the stage- right catwalk ladder . ext . lyon estate billboard — night the delorean levitate up from behind the billboard and blast off toward town . omitted int . school gym — on the catwalk above the stage marty cautiously make he way across the catwalk , above ' 55 marty and the starlighter . one of the catwalk plank be rotted — marty step on it , it crack and marty lose he balance : he alm ost fall over ' 55 marty ! marty regains he balance and make it to the other end of the catwalk . he unty the rope hold the sandbag . biff 's boy be directly below he . marty fire the sandbag at biff 's guy . number one take out skinhead . 340 - B 340 - C 340 - D 340 - E 340-f 340 - G 340 - h 340 - J 340 - k 340 - L 340 - m 340 - N 341 - 350 351 number two wipe out Match . number three knock out 3 - D . marty grab the rope and swing down the backstage leave area . he run out the exit . backstage alcove as marty run down the stair it the alcove , he call into the walkie-talkie . marty success , Doc ! everything 's cool ! omitted ext . night sky — approaching STORM the delorean fly through the cloud . it 's quite turbulent , with lightning flash and roll thunder . int . flying delorean — night doc answer marty . doc not quite , marty ! I be in the cloud over the football field , but with all this turbulence , I be afraid I will smash up if try to land . I will throw you arope ! int . backstage alcove marty on my way , Doc ! marty run out the exit fire door . justas he exit , lorraine enter to meet ' 55 marty come down . ext . school marty come outside . he glance back in the window where he see ... marty '’s p.o.v. thru . window ' 55 marty say goodbye to lorraine . ‘55 marty | have a feel about you two . lorraine | have a feel , too . omitted marty smile . 340 - G 340 - h 340 - J 340 - k 340l * 340 - m 340 - N 341 - 350 351 352 353 doc ( v.o. ) hurry , marty ! the lightning 's come closer — it may be attract to the delorean ! marty look up at the sky and start for the football field . biff ( o.s. ) hey , butthead !!! marty stop and turn : biff be near the fire door . he have a bloody mouth . biff c’mon , let 's have it out ! you and I ! marty no thanks ! marty take off . biff what 's the matter ? Chicken ? marty stop short , tensing up . biff ( continue ) too chicken to take I on , one on one ? marty tum around , fill with resolve . marty nobody call I chicken . marty take off he jacket and throw it down . the walkie-talkie be in the pocket . he approach biff . biff smile . behind he back he have brass knuckle on he fist . doc ( v.uo. radio ) hurry , marty ! do not stop for anything ! it 's get dangerous ! the lightning 's get closer every second ! but marty can not hear it . he come closer to biff . int . school gym — back stage ( existing footage ) 352 Inside , ' 55 marty conclude he goodbye to George and lorraine . ‘655 marty .. if you guy ever have kid , and one of they when he 's 8 year old accidentally set fire to the live room rug : go easy on he . ext . school — firedoor 353 , biff and marty stand face each other off . behind he back , biff grip the brass knuckle tightly . 354 - 367 368 369 369 - a biff c’mon . take a poke at I , chicken . suddenly , the FIRE door be flung OPEN by ' 55 marty , and whack biff in the head ! ' 55 marty run off like a streak , oblivious to what 's just happen . biff hit the ground , out cold , and drop the brass knuckle . marty realize what almost happen . marty ( yell to he depart self ) thanks a lot ! ‘55 marty ( o.s. ) you be welcome ! marty grab he jacket and go run toward the football field . the lightning and thunder continue . doc ( v.o. radio ) hurry up , marty ! 354 - omitted 367 int . flying delorean 368 doc continue to fight the turbulence , struggle to steady the craft . the passenger door be open ; a rope be looped around the seat and dangle out the door . suddenly , a white flash of lightning and tremendous thunderclap rock the delorean sideways ! ext . football field / stadium — night 369 marty come run onto the football field . lightn and thunder continue . the rope be hang down from within the low lie cloud . it dangle near the 50 yard line , a few foot off the ground . marty run for it . 369 -a . marty I be comin’ , Doc !! the rope whip around wildly . marty pour it on . 20 yard to go , 10 yard ... marty jump and grab the rope . success ! suddenly , a huge bolt of lightning strike the flying delorean ! marty drop . the rest of the rope fall to the ground . marty look up . 370 370 - a the delorean be go without a trace ! marty gasp . he pick up the other end of the rope : severe clean . everything get quiet . marty stare upward in stunne silence , wait for the delorean to reappear . nothing happen . marty take out the walkie-talkie . marty yo , Doc ? come in , Doc ! no response . marty hello , Doc , do you read I , over ? just static . marty Doc , answer I , please ! as ifin response , there 's a blind flash of lightning with a deafen crack of thunder , follow by rain . hard , steady , cold rain . marty run for cover and duck into a stadium tunnel marty look out from the tunnel onto the field . the storm continue . marty just watch . he 's confuse , worried , scared . marty ( yell ) doc ! his voice barely carry in the rain . marty sigh . he pull the sport almanac out of he pocket . he look at it and shake he head . marty I and my great idea . marty stoops down , put the book on the ground , pull out the biff tannen matchbo ok and light the book on FIRE . behind marty , far in the background , we may notice a eerie silhouette : the figure of a man approach . marty watch as the Almanac be consume by flame . he glance at the matchbook . insert — matchbook 370 370a * 370 - B the write on the matchb ook cover change from say '' biff tannen 's paradise '' to '' biff tannen 's Auto detail . '' marty brighten . he reach inside he jacket for something ... while behind he , the approach figure move closer , evoke the feel of impending doom ... marty pull out the 1973 newspaper . the headline , '' GEORGE mcfly murdered '' dissolves and become '' GEORGE mcfly hon ored . loca ! author receives Civic Award . '' marty sigh relief . marty that take care of that . the man behind he move ever closer . we cant see he face , but he wear a hat , trenchcoat , and carry a briefcase . trenchcoat ( 0.s. ) marty mcf ly ? marty turn around with a start . he stare at the man . who be this guy ? trenchcoat be you name marty mcfly ? marty look at the guy . he 's never see he before . marty ( suspicious ) yeah ... trenchcoat step into the dry tunnel . he 's about 25 , a bureaucrat type . he look over marty . trenchcoat five foot four , brown hair ... well , I 'llbe damned . marty , I have get a letter for you . he open he briefcase and pull outa clipboard and a ancient yellowed envelope seal with a wax seal . marty a letter ? that 's impossible ! W ho be you , anyway ? trenchcoat I be from western Union , and actually , a bunch ofus in the office be hope you could shed some light on the subject . you see , this envelope 's be in we company 's possession for almost 70 year . it be give to we with explicit instruction that it be deliver to a young man with you description answer to the name of marty at this exact location at this exact minute on November 12 , 1955 . we have a bet go as to whether this '' marty 's would actually be here . look like | lose . marty do you say 70 year ? 370b * 371 372 372- a 372- B 373 trenchcoat uh , 67 to be exact . sign on line 6 , please . he hand marty the clipboard and pen . marty sign , then hand it back . the man give marty the age envelope . marty break the seal and open the letter . he look over the yellow page and flip to the end to check the signature . insert — letter '' you friend in time , ' doc’ emmett L. Brown . '' beneath the signature be a stylize '' e- L - B . '' marty can not believe it . marty Doc ! he turn to the beginning and start read . marty ( read ) '' dear marty : if my calculation be correct , you will receive this letter immediately after you see the delorean strike by lightning . first , let I assure that | be alive and well , live happily in the year 1888 this past few month ... '' 188871 ? marty continue read , reacting with rise astonishment . trenchcoat try to read it over marty 's shoulder , but marty will not let he . marty ( mutter to himself ) too many jigowatt ... time circuit short ... July , 18881 ! marty look up from the letter and look around and see marty' p.o.v. of the clocktower in the distance , above the tree . the tiny figure of 55 doctor brown can be see on the ledge . marty take a deep breath , fold the letter , put it in he jacket and run off . trenchcoat hey , can not you at least tell I what this be all about ? ( a beat ; shrug ) no. CUT to : ext . town square — night marty come run into town square at 10:04 , just in time to see the event he experience in 1955 ( in the first movie ) : the pole-mounted delorean race toward the electrical line ... 371 372 372a * 372- B 373 lightning strike the clocktower ... the doc brown of 1955 ( ‘55 doc ) connect the cable . the delorean hook engage the line , send 1.21 jigowatt of electricity into the flux capacitor , and the time vehicle vanish into the future ... trails of FIRE be leave behind . ' 55 Doc Brown get up , see what have happen and mns down the street , yell euphorically ! ‘65 doc ya-haaaaaa !!!!!! marty step out from the side of the courthouse and come up behind ' 55 Doc . marty Doc ! ' 55 Doc turn , see marty and freak out ! ‘55 doc yaaaaaaaa !!!! ii ! marty calm down , Doc ! it 's I — marty ! ‘55 doc no ! it can not be you ! | just send you back to the future ! marty right ! you do send I back to the future . but ! come back : back from the future . ‘55 doc great Scott ! Doc stagger back , stunne . he clutches he chest , he breath shorten , he eye roll back ... and he faint . marty Doc !!! be marty bend down to attempt to revive the unconscious Doc , we crane back . superimpose title : '' to be conclude next summer in back to the future 3 ! '' 374 375 376 ext . doc brown 's house and garage — night 374 Wide , establish . the storm rage . Doc 's packard be park outside . int . doc 's study — night 375 close on the fireplace the sport almanac be throw onto the bume log fire . marty poke it with the poker , make sure that it all get envelop in flame . 376 then marty take out the 1973 newspaper . as the flame consume the almanac , the headline , '' GEORGE mcfly murdered '' become '' GEORGE mcfly honored . local author receives Book Award . '' marty also pull out the matchbook from biff 's paradise Hotel . the write on it dissolves away and become '' biff 's Auto detail . '' marty that 's take care of that ... Doc be pace , read the letter aloud . ' 55 doc ( read ) '' the lightning bolt cause a jigowatt overload which activate the flux capacitor , send I back to 1888 . upon landing , | bottome out the car , destroy the drive train and fly circuit , make it impossible to get the car up to 88 under its own power . luckily , | realize that a locomotive could push it * up to speed and | devise a plan to do so ... '' push it with a steam locomotive ? brilliant ! absolutely brilliant ! '' unfortunately , the lightning have also short out the enclose destination time circuit microchip ... '' Doc pull a partially blacken 1 - inch square microchip from the envelope . ‘65 doc ( read ) '' without it , | could not control my destination time . | be unable to repair it because suitable replacement part will not be invent until 1947 . '' ( shake he head ) 1888 . amazing . | actually end up live in the wild west ! marty I be sorry , Doc . it 's all my fault . you be there , wait ; | could have run from biff . but | lethim get to I . and now you be stick in the west . ‘55 doc stuck ? no , marty , this sound like a wonderful way to spend my retirement year ! why , ever since | be a boy , | want to be a cowboy ! | use to spend summer at my uncle 's ranch . uncle abraham teach I how to ride and shoot and rope . * he use to say to my parent . '' Young emmett belong in the fresh air and wide open space ; not in a school room . '' marty so how would you end up as a scientist ? ‘55 doc well , when | be eleven , | read a book by the most visionary author in the world : Jules verne . '' 20,000 leagues under the Sea . '' and | discover science . that 's when | decide what my future have to be . Jules verne 's novel have a profound effect on I . you know , | really should put he portrait up there with Tom , Ben , Isaac and Albert ... marty keep read , doc. ‘55 doc ( read ) '' therefore , | have bury the time machine in the abandon delgado mine , adjacent to the oak Park Cemetery , as show on the enclose map . hopefully , it should remain undisturbed until you uncover it in 1955 . '' Inside you will find repair instruction . my 1955 counterpart '' — that 's I — " should have no problem make the electrical repair . then he will have to push the time vehicle up to 88 and send you back to 1985 . then , marty , destroy the time machine . '' do not , | repeat , do not attempt to come back here to get I . | be perfectly happy live here in the fresh air and wide open space . I have even meet a wonderful woman I be consider settling down with ... '' ( amaze ) a woman ! I have find a woman ? amazing ! marty yeah , you would be talk about find a woman ... although you make it sound like it be gonna be a scientific investigation . ‘65 doc man can not live by science alone . a woman ! this be wonderful news ! | certainly hope she like Jules verne . ( read ) '' this be my wish : please re pect they and follow they . and so , marty , | now say farewell and wish you godspeed . you have be a good , kind , and loyal friend to I , and you have make a real difference in my life ... '' ( choke up ) '' | will always treasure we relationship , and think on you with fond memory , warm feeling and a special place in my heart . you friend in time , ' doc’ emmett L. Brown . April 10 , 1888 . '' Doc be all choke up . he wipe a tear from he eye . ‘55 doc | never know | could write anything so touch . marty choke up see the Doc choke up . marty | know , Doc , it 's ... beautiful ... Doc 's 1955 dog , copernicus , whimper as well . ‘55 doc it 's all right , copernicus . everything 's go to be fine . marty here 's the map , Doc ... marty hand it to he and Doc study it . ‘65 doc ( study the map ) accord to this , the time vehicle 's be seal off in a side tunnel . we may have to blast . CUT to : 377 close on a detonator 377 in Doc 's hand . Doc twist it . 378 ext . side of hill — day 378 a explosion blast away part of a hill ! the rock and debris , knock down several adjacent tombstone . 379 ' 55 doc and marty , a safe distance away , be shower with dirt and debris . 379 the storm be over : Doc 's packard be park nearby . marty | think you wake the dead with that blast . ‘55 doc just a few tombstone , marty . we will set ‘em back up later . bring the Polaroid . we 'llneed to put everything back the way we find it . marty take a Polaroid camera ; both also grab duffel full of tool and supplies and they approach the hole they have blow in the hill . they walk right over a fall tombstone , the same tombstone Einstein whimpere beside in 1985 : Doc 's tombstone . we hold on it as they continue . '' here lie emmett Brown . date of birth , unknown . shot in the back by buford tannen April 13 , 1888 . '' CUT to : 380 int . mine tunnel 380 lit by lantern , marty and ' 55 doc make they way along the mine shaft . * 380 - a 381 ‘55 doc I have gotta hand it to myself , hide the time vehicle in a location like this . the temperature stay constant , very little humidity ... a perfect preservation environ ment . brilliant ! Doc check the map . ‘55 doc hmmm . accord to this it should be around here ... they look around but there 's no evidence of anything . marty doc! look ! * marty hold he lantern near abeam . carve into itare the initial e.l.b. ‘55 doc my initial ! it must be right through this wall ! they remove rock and timber , and push through the wall , revealing a hidden chamber . int . mine — hidden chamber 380-a . ' 55 Doc and marty push they way into the chamber . they hold up they lantern : the delorean can be clearly see . it 's cover with animal skin . marty and Doc exchange a satisfied smile and begin remove the animal hide . ‘55 doc and it 's be bury here for 67 year ! astound . they examine the car . Doc touch a tire : itcrack apart and crumble . marty say , Doc , when you uncover something that have not be invent yet , be it still consider archeology ? ' 55 doc ( think , then shake he head ) no. insanity . CUT to : ext . mine / hill — dusk 381 the packard , with Doc at the wheel , pull the delorean out of the mine via a tow cable . the dmc be dirty , and its tire be in shred . marty meanwhile be set up topple tombstone . he suddenly freeze in horror as he read the one he 's just set up : Doc 's tombstone . marty stare at it , then look over at doc. should he tell Doc or not ? doc ( yell from a distance ) c'mon , marty , let 's go ! marty stay there , contemplate the situation . he pull out Doc 's letter and check the date . 381-a insert — letter 381-a . the letter be date '' April 10 , 1888 . '' 381-b the tombstone be date '' April 13 , 1888 . '' 381-b 381-c marty shake he head . 381-c marty ( to himself ) 3 day . you getshot 3 day after you write the letter . some * future . marty wipe a tear from he eye . doc what be it , marty ? be something wrong ? marty uh , no , doc. I 'llbe right there . |... just have to tie my shoe . block he action from Doc 's view , marty raise the polaroid camera and snap a picture of the tombstone . 382 - 382 - 383 omitted 383 384 insert — time display . 384 the destination time of '' October 27 , 1985 '' appear on the display . 385 ext . the delorean — highw ay — day 385 ' 55 Doc have enter the destination time into the delorean which have be modify with 1955 whitewall tire and a large 4 foot square board full of vacuum tube , wire , capacitor , etc . mount on the hood . it 's sit on the road near the lyon estate billboard , with Doc 's packard directly behind it . Doc put he hand over the softly glow tube . ‘65 doc well , the time circuit be all warm up . | guess this be it . they embrace . ' 55 doc funny . I will see you in the future , but since my future 's in the past , you will not be see I . marty | know , Doc ... 386 marty hug Doc tighter as he try to hold back he tear . ' 55 doc it 's go to be fine , marty . everything 's go to be fine . just do not forget to destroy the time machine when you get back to the future . marty look , Doc , ab out the future — you future , | mean ... ‘55 doc marty , do not worry about my future . live in the fresh air and wide . open space , I will probably live to the ripe old age of 90 ... maybe 100 ! and know | have a woman to share it with ... why , my future could not be brighter ! Doc head to the Packard . marty yeah ... ‘55 doc marty , may you future be as bright . Doc get into the Packard . marty get into the delorean . series of shot — packard / delorean Doc revs up the Packard , put itin gear , and honk . marty shift the delorean into neutral and release the emergency brake . the Packard start push the delorean forward . marty at the wheel of the delorean . he pull out Doc 's letter and look at the date : April 10 , 1888 . Doc at the wheel of the Packard . he shift into high gear . the 2 vehicle , accelerate . marty look at the Polaroid of the tombstone and the date : April 13 , 1888 . the Packard speedometer climb : 40...45 ...50 ... marty 's p.o.v. through the windshield of the high way . marty reprogram the destination time to april ... the delorean speedometer climb right in step : 55 ... 60 ... 65 ... april 1 ... Doc 's foot on the Packard accelerator . 386 april 11 ... * the speedometer pass 80 ... april 11 , 18 ... * the delorean light display kick on . april 11 , 188 ... * the flux capacitor begin glow . april 11 , 1888 . * the speedometer hit 88 . marty grit he tooth ; the flux capacitor discharge . ( note : scene number 387 to 500 be reserve . ) 501 marty 's p.o.v. thru the windshield 501 with a burst of white light , the 1955 rural highway instantly become ... ...a stampede of cattle , coming right at marty ! 502 marty stare in wide - eye terror ! 502 503 ext . rural country — 1888 — day 503 the cattle separate around the delorean , which coast to a stop in the midst of the move herd ! in moment the herd have pass . 504 marty sigh relief , then get out of the delorean . he look back at the cattle . 504 505 ext . rural country — day 505 the herd thunder off . * marty watch and shake he head . he look back at the time display : 505-a insert — time display 505 -a . present time be now '' April 11 , 1888 . 7 a.m . '' * 506 - 506 - 509 omitted 509 510 ext . dirt road — day 510 marty walk along the road . ahead , a hand paint sign post with a arrow point in the same direction : '' hill valley — 2 mile '' 511 marty continue onward . CUT to : ext . hill valley — 1888 — day 511 close on nike shoe run ... then slow to a stop . widen marty have arrive in town . he look around with amaze ment . Hill Valley 1888 be a typical western town ... yet even now bear a little resemblance to the town marty 's familiar with . the town be build around a grassy square , where a flagpole fly the star and stripe ( 38 star ) . the street be , of course , dirt and mud . where there 's a sidewalk , its wooden . the courthouse be just start construction ; there be the marble pillar , and some very rough frame . there 's asaloon ( roughly in the location that the cafe will be ) : a blacksmith , stable , a HOTEL , a general store , a barber shop , a well fargo office and a bank . the marshal' office : a sign on the door read : '' close : gone fishing . '' there be pedestrian traffic , carriage traffic , men and boy on horse , and a number of chinese . some of they give marty look : he clothes do not go unnotice . suddenly , a man run through the street , yell . man he 's comin 's ! he 's comin 's ! immediately , people clear the street , run into building , or run around the corner . shopkeeper slam they door and window . marty stand in the middle of the street , bewilder . be all of this panic because of he ? behind marty , 4 horsemen , all rough look character , come thunder down the street . they halt just a few foot behind marty and draw pistol . black biff whatcha doin 's in my street , runt ? marty tum and face the man . marty huh ? it 's buford '' black biff '' tannen : jet black hair and beard , and mean eye , just like the picture we see in the documentary . he 's accompany by 3 croney , stubble , ceegar and buck . black biff | charge cash money for any egg suckin’ tinhorn gutter trash standin’ in my street when | come to town . how much you get ? marty uh , nothing ... black biff nothin 's ? Buck : check he tooth for gold or silver . buck dismount and examine marty 's tooth . buck well , lookee at this pearly white ! | be not never seed tooth this straight what war not store buy . nothin’ here , buford . black biff what 's that on he shoe ? some kinda injun writin’ ? buck it say '' nee — Kay . '' black biff well , shorty , why do not you show we how good they fancy ass shoe be for dancin’ . marty huh ? black biff | say , dance ! Black biff fire a shot right in front of marty 's foot ... then another . marty start dance — first a few hop , to the delight of biff and the boy ... then marty go into a Michael Jackson style moonwalk , as he mumble the lyric to '' billie Jean . '' biff and the guy trade look at this bizarre style of dance . marty suddenly twirl around with a jump and a yell . the sudden action spook biff horse who neigh and buck , throw biff into some manure in the street . Black biff look at the dung on he . he look at marty with fire in he eye — he expression be almost psychotic . biff 's croney tense up . there 's go to be some serious trouble . marty know it , too , but he 's too petrify to run . biff get to he foot . black biff Buck : gimme a rope . Buck throw he a coil of rope . marty what be you gonna do ? black biff I be gonna make you taller , shorty . Black biff throw the rope around marty 's neck , jump on he horse , and start off down the street . marty run behind he , try to keep up while try to get the noose off he neck , but he can not run fast enough . he stumble , and be drag around the square . Black biff laugh and yell , and he boy do likewise . townspeople come out to see what 's go on . Black biff guide he horse into the grassy square . he throw the rope over a overhange tree branch and pull . marty struggle , but he can not free himself . he 's pull to he foot , and then up off the ground , all the time grab at the rope to keep from choke . Black biff and gang be laugh , have a great time watch marty struggle . suddenly , another shot ring out and the rope above marty be severe ! marty fall to the ground . Black biff and gang turn in the direction of the shot . doc brown be hold a winchester repeater modify with a telescopic sight that look like something out of Jules verne . his hair be slicked down and he 's wear the garb of a western blacksmith . doc it 's shoot the fleas offa dog at 500 yard , tannen . marty doc! black biff well , welll , if it be not the blacksmith . | be not expectin’ to settle my score with you till tomorrow . doc the only thing we have to settle be that you leave he alone and get outta here . black biff | do not see where you be in any position to be tellin’ I anything . boy ... biff 's guy all draw they gun on doc. black biff 3 gun against 1 . and | have not even draw yet . the odd be not exactly in you favor , blacksmith . we hear the sound of shotguns cocking . clara ( 0.8 . ) 3 against two , tannen ... everyone turn . a woman , clara , be stand in the street hold a mostintimidate weapon : 4 sawed - off shotgun barrel mount in fan-shape arrangement in a yoke on a 4 - trigger stock . Clara look like a school teacher , with a touch of quirkiness that make she instantly likeable . clara ( continue ) of course , I have get 4 barrel , load with double - aught buck , nail , break glass , and shiny new dime . that mean , if | can see it , | can hitit . invent by emmett Brown for Home Defense and Security . he call it '' the terminator . '' would you care fora demonstration ? biff consider he option , then smile and wave he boy off . they holster they gun . black biff I will be back day after tomorrow , blacksmith , to settle we score . that 's Friday the 13th . doc just because you horse throw a shoe be no reason to shoot a blacksmith . black biff do not be tellin’ I my business , smithy ! like the Bible say , a eye for a eye , a tooth for a tooth , one dead blacksmith for one throw shoe . ( to marty ) as for you , runt , you get a name ? marty uh , Mar — marty notice Doc shaking he head no . marty uh , clint . clint eastwood . black biff well , Mr. eastwood , I will see you out on the street Friday the 13th , front of the saloon . and you would better be there ! marty yeah , right . when ? High noon ? black biff noon ? I do my killin’ before breakfast . 8 o'clock ! with that , Black biff and he gang ride off . Clara lower '' the T erminator . '' clara emmett , someday you have get to teach I how to load this thing . 512 - 515 515 - a marty get up , relieved to see Doc . he rub he neck . he 's weak and little pale . doc marty ! its good to see you ! marty hiya , Doc ... doc you look a little pale . be you all right ? marty sure , Doc , I be ... as marty take a step toward Doc , he pass out and hit the ground . 512 - omitted 515 int . blacksmith shop — night 515 - a marty , unconscious on a bed , now open he eye and look around . Doc 's workshop , light by fat lamp , contain tool , anvil , a forge and workbench . there be also various invention that Doc have concoct to modernize he surroundings : wooden gutter for indoor plumbing , a steam operate toilet , and a pulley system to open window and control ventilation . marty examine some of this invention . now clara enter with a tray of food . clara hello . feeling better ? marty oh , yeah ... she put the tray on a table . clara here , clint , eat . it will build you strength . and the salve | put on you neck should heal that rope burn very quickly . oh , my name 's Clara . Clara Clayton . marty hi. please to meet you . clara emmett tell I you come from a strange , far away place . from the way you dress , it must be San Francisco . marty start eat . marty oh , yeah . so where be the Doc ? clara the doc? marty Doc Brown — | mean , emmett . clara he 's actually a doctor ? he 's so modest — | know he be more than just a blacksmith . em mett — the Doc — be deliver a wagon he repair for Farmer peabody . | expect he back presently . imagine that . Doctor emmett Brown . he be the most brilliant man I have ever meet . even when | do not know what he 's talk about , | just love hearing he talk about it and he 's wonderful with the child . marty Children ? what child ? clara the school child . | teach school part time , and emmett help with the science lesson . | love science , too . I have be fascinate with it ever since | read '' 20,000 leagues under the Sea . '' marty smile , and nod knowingly . now doc enter . doc Clara , have marty — uh , clint — ( see marty ) well , | see you two have already meet . marty yeah , Clara 's make I feel right athome , doc. clara well , now that you be back , emmett , I have get anight school lesson to give . clint , | hope to see you later . emmett , | know I will see you later . she give Doc a kiss . Doc be slightly embarrassed . she leave . doc she do not know I be from the future or about the time machine or anything , so watch what you say . marty | figure . doc so what do you think of she ? marty she 's great , doc! ( take another bite of food ) and she 's a great cook , too . what be this stuff anyway ? doc rattlesnake . marty spit it out . doc actually , Clara may be move back east . | really want she to stay , sol be seriously consider pop the question . what do you think ? marty uh , well , Doc , | think you would better hold off on that ... marty hand Doc the Polaroid photo . doc great Scott ! so tannen 's actually go to shoot I on Friday ! this change everything ! 516 omitted 516 516-a int . delorean 516-a close on the shift lever as marty 's hand push it to neutral . 516-b close on marty behind the wheel 516-b marty ready , doc! 516-c wider — dirt road — night ( day for night ) 516- C doc sit on the delorean roof , jerk a set of rein anda team of 4 horse pull the delorean down the road while marty steer from inside ! CUT to : 517 int . doc 's blacksmith workshop — day 517 Doc have the delorean hoist on a chain - pulley rig . he be replace the wheel with railroad handcar wheel . doc amazing . this tube contraption be precisely as | envision it . then again , | builtit , do not !? if only I would have some of this part when | crash . | be actually try to construct a steam operate flux capacitor . speak of part ... Doc open a cabinet and pull out a crate full of various odd and end from the adventure in time : the pink hoverboard ... doc we would better be sure to bring this back with we ... ( pull out a 1985 walkie- talkie ) and this we will need to communicate tomorrow ... you have the other one ? marty in the car . so , Doc , how 's this train thing go to work ? doc I will show you . | construct this model a few week ago when | think | could still get back ... marty follow Doc into a 2nd room where Doc remove a canvas cover from a large table , revealing a home make table top model — a combination of toy , wooden block , a wind - up toy train , and other odd and end . marty wow , you go to a lot of trouble ! doc well , you know how it be with model train . besides , the kid around here love it . now , in order to get a steam locomotive up to 88 , we need a long stretch of track on a downhill grade , which still exist in 1985 . that 's here — carson spur , which go off the main line at this switch track and outto carson ravine . we will load the delorean onto the track here , on carson spur . the train leave the station at 7:57 tomorrow morning ... marty whew , I be glad it 's before 8 . doc indeed . so : we will hijack — uh , borrow the train , uncouple the car from the tender , throw the switch track , and then we will butt the locomotive against the delorean . you 'llget in the delorean while ! run the steam engine , push the delorean along carson spur . I will open up the throttle , put she into a full highball , climb to the front of the locomotive , jump onto the delorean and getin , in time to reach 88 mile per hour , atwhich time Mr. Fusion will kick on the flux capacitor , generate the traditional 1.21 jigowatt which will send we back to 1985 . marty what 's that red x on the windmill ? doc that 's we failsafe point — the point of no return . up until there , we still have enough time to stop the locomotive before it plunge into the ravine . but once we pass that windmill , it 's the future or bust . marty into the ravine ? you mean there 's no bridge ? doc they just start building itlast month , and it will not be com plete until next year . but it still exist in 1985 , safe and in use . so as long as we hit 88 mile a hour before we reach the edge of the ravine , we 'llinstantaneously arrive ata point in time when the bridge be complete : we will have track under we and coast safely across the gorge , put we right near the Hill Valley Airport . marty what about the locomotive ? 518 518-a 519 520 520 - a Doc wind up the toy locomotive , and set it on the track : it push the wooden model delorean . as it reach the edge , Doc pick up the delorean while the locomotive fall off , crash to the floor . doc it will be a spectacular wreck . too bad we will not be around to see it . omitted ext . general store — day marty , now dress in western clothes , come out of the general store carry some food item . ext . STREET marty walk down the street , be careful to avoid step in the horse dung . as he pass the butcher shop , a chicken run out , chase by the butcher with a axe . then marty notice the barber at the aide of the barbershop chiseling lettering on a tombst one : '' here lie ... '' it 's the exact size and shape of Doc 's tombstone . marty pull the Polaroid from he pocket and compare the two . identical . marty gulp and step over . marty who die ? barber nobody ... yet . but tomorrow 's the 13th , and on the 13th of every month , Black biff kill somebody , whether he need to or not . marty yeah ... ext . blacksmith shop marty be about to enter the shop . he step back from the door and go around to a window and peek in . int . blacksmith shop ( marty '’s p.o.v . ) — day clara be in here with doc . clara . and I have decide not to leave town tomorrow after all . I be go to stay in Hill Valley . doc ( shocked ) you be ?? ( smile weakly , feign pleasure ) | mean , you be ? 518 518-a 519 520 520-a 520 - B 520- C 521 she kiss he . Doc blushes . ext . blacksm marty sigh , ci the street . clara ( nod ) so I would like to accept you invitation to go to the barn dance Saturday night , and I would a1so like to cook you Sunday dinner . doc oh , well , that 's ... wonderful ... clara you see , | decide you be right about stay in Hill Valley . this town do have a future . the child need I and , well , of course , you be here . ith shop 520 - B oncern . the sound of chiseling continue and marty look back down marty' p.o.v. of 520-c. the barber , sti ext . train tr , doc and mart from the wagon ill chiseling the tombstone . CUT to : ack — dusk 521 y offload the delorean from a wagon onto the train track : rail run down tailgate to the track . Doc and marty give the dmc a push and it roll down the rail , right onto the track . Doc be in a funk . marty look at he with know concern . Long pause . marty show dot marty Doc : you know you can not stay . you dont belong in this time . you be suppose to get shot tomorrow , remem ber ? doc but since | know I be suppose to get shot , | can prevent it . all | have to do be get out of town for a day or two and lay low . by the time the 14th roll around , I will definitely be out of danger and | can ... marty see Clara again ? doc she 's a very special woman , marty , the type I have be look for all my life . now that I have find she , | want to spend my future with she . c the Polaroid . marty but , Doc , this be you future if you stay here . doc not necessarily , marty . the future be not write . it can be change . you know that . anyone can make they future whatever they want it to be . marty look , Doc , maybe ...| do not know ifit 's right , but maybe we could take she with we ...? doc to the future ? marty nod . Doc think about it , then shake he head . doc I be a scientist , marty , so | must be scientific about this . | caution you about disrupt the continuum for you own per onal benefit ; therefore , | must do no less . we shall proceed as plan . and as soon as we return to 1985 ... ( step over to the delorean ) I be go to destroy this infernal machine . travel through time have become much too painful . 522 ext . wooded area — '' delorean camp '' — night CUT to : 522 Doc sit near a campfire , poke atit with a stick . marty 's in he bedroll , bundle up , ready for sleep . in the background , the delorean be on the train track . marty c'mon , Doc , get some shuteye . doc I have gotta go back and say goodbye to she . marty what be you gonna say : '' I have gotta go back to the future ? '' if you tell she the truth , she will think you be lie . and if you lie to she , well , it 's just not right to lie to she . there 's just no way you can make she understand this thing . doc she will understand , marty . | know she will . marty no , she will not , doc. Hell , I be in it with you and | barely understand it myself . you be better off do nothing . you will just disappear , and she can draw she own conclusion . believe I , it will be less painful that way . Doc just sigh and stare at the fire . CUT to : 523 524 ext . night sky 523 a clear , beautiful star-filled sky . we tilt down to the campsite where the fire have burn out . * marty be sleep . we pan over to Doc 's bedroll : empty . CUT to : ext . schoolhouse — night 524 Doc be talk to Clara in the doorway of the schoolhouse , by the light of a single fat lamp . she 's wear a robe ; we can see a back room off the classroom with a bed . Clara be shocked at what Doc have say . clara Goodbye ? but emmett , | do not understand . | think that you ... that you and I ... doc | know , Clara , and | feel the same way about you , really | do . | wish it do not have to be this way , but the factis , | do not belong here . | have to go back to ... where | come from . clara and where would that be ? doc I be afraid | can not tell you that . clara but why not ? doc because ... because | can not , that 's all . clara please , emm ett . if you sincerely do care about I , tell I the truth . Doc take a deep breath . should he or should not he ? doc the truth . * ( nod ) all right . I be from ... the future . and tomorrow , | have to go back to the year 1985 . she stare at he for a long moment , then slap he face . clara I have hear some whopper in my day , but the fact that you would expect I to entertain a notion like that for even a instantis so degrade and insulting ... all you have to say be '' | do n’tlove you and | do not want to see you any more . '' that at least would have be respectful . 525 526 527 doc but it would not have be the truth ! clara Goodbye , emmett . that 's what you want , so goodbye and good riddance ! she slam the door in he face . Doc be heartbroken . his eye well up with tear . wider angle — schoolhouse 525 Doc stand there a moment , try to think of something to do , something to say . finally , he turn and walk sadly away . thru the window , we can see Clara ather desk , sobbing . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET — SALOON — night 526 a deject Doc saunter down the street and enter the saloon . int . SALOON — night 527 there be still some activity here , despite the lateness of the hour . Doc sidle up to the bar . doc whiskey ! the bartender pour a shot and put it in front of doc. doc leave the bottle . the bartender put down a full bottle . Doc throw back the shot and pour himself another . a salesman wear a derby look over at Doc and shake he head . salesman it 's a woman , right ? ( at Doc 's nod ) | know it . I have see that look on a man 's face a thousand time , allover the country . all | can tell you , friend , be that you will get over she . doc nope . Clara be one in a million . one in a billion . one in a googol - plex . Doc throw back a shot and pour another . then he decide to drink straight out of the bottle . CUT to : 528 529 530 531 532 ext . campsite — dawn marty stir , get up , look around . he see Doc 's bedroll have not be skpt in . marty doc? doc? ( rise alarm ) Doc ? marty go run down the train track toward town . ext . black biff campsite — day Black biff be saddle he horse . ceegar it 's still early , boss . what 's you hurry ? black biff I be hungry . ext . blacksmith shop — day marty run into the shop . marty Doc ? yo , Doc ? marty run out again and down the street . int . SALOON — day doc be asleep in a drunken stupor , head on the table , empty bottle beside he . now marty run in . marty Doc ! what the hell be you do ? we gotta get outta here ! marty try to revive he , but Doc be out of it . marty look at the clock : 7:40 . marty ( to the bartender ) coffee ! Black ! black biff and company be riding toward town . 528 CUT to : 529 CUT to : 530 CUT to : 531 CUT to : 532 CUT to : 533 534 535 536 ext . train station — day 533 clara walk up to the hill valley train station , carry a suitcase . she walk up to the ticket window . clara I would like to buy a ticket on the next train , please . agent that will be the 7:57 to Sacramento . it should be arrive in 9 minute . Clara look atthe clock behind he . it 's 7:42 . CUT to : int . SALOON — day 534 marty prop up Doc and put a cup of black coffee to he lip . Doc sip and make a face . bartender Son , if you want he to sober up fast , you be gonna need something a little stronger than coffee . marty what do you suggest ? CUT to : a bottle of tabasco sauce 535 the tabasco be on the bar : next toitis a jar of jalapeno juice , a bottle of mustard seed , some cayenne pepper , part of a onion , and vinegar . the bartender be mixing the ingredient in a glass . bartender in about 10 minute , he will be as sober as a priest on Sunday . marty check the clock . 7:44 . marty 10 minute . why do we have to cut this thing so damned close ? the bartender hand the concoction to marty , along with a clothespin . bartender put the clothespin over he nose . when he open he mouth , pour it down he gullet . then stand back . ext . SALOON 536 we hold for a moment , then we bear a bloodcurdle scream from inside ! doc charge out of there , he face bright red ! he run over to a horse trough , and stick he head in ! he stand , take a breath , then keel over ! marty and the bartender come out of the saloon and run over to doc. bartender that be just the reflex action . it will take a few more minute for the stuff to clear up he head . they start drag he back to the saloon . CUT to : 537 black biff and he man ride past a sign : ' Hill Valley City limit . '' 537 CUT to : 538 int . SALOON 538 marty and the bartender drop Doc in a chair . there be a number of people in here . marty you be sure do a lot of business for this early in the morning . bartender always do right before a shoot . marty look at the clock : 7:46 . marty * c'mon , doc. get sober ! CUT to : 539 ext . train station 539 Clara watch as the train approach the station . 540 ext . STREET and SALOON 540 Black biff and he man dismount . Buck tie up the horse while Black biff walk up to the saloon . black biff all right , eastwood ! it 's Friday , and I be call you out ! intercut with 541 int . SALOON 541 everyone become quiet all head turn to look at marty . marty look at the clock . 7:51 . marty shit ! he 's early ! ( yell out ) it 's not 8 o'clock yet ! 542 black biff it be by my watch ! now let 's settle this thing once and for all ... or be not you get the gumption ? marty gulp . marty hey , listen . the truth be , I be not a very good shot . so | forfeit . black biff ( to he man ) forfeit ? what 's that mean ? buck means you win without a fight . black biff without shootin’ ? he can not do that ! ( yell ) tell you what , dude . I be only leavin 's one bulletin my gun . that mean | only get one try to put it through you heart and you can have six . biff unload 5 bullet and throw they through the saloon door . they land on the floor near marty 's foot . marty become aware that everyone 's look at he . he try to ignore they . black biff you know what | think ? | think you be not nothin’ buta gutless , yellow turd . and I be give you to the count of 10 to come out here and prove I be wrong ! one ! two ! Three ! int . SALOON 542 marty be get very concerned . Doc be still in a stupor . marty slap he face , try to revive he . marty c'mon , doc! sober up ! please ! black biff four ! toothless you would better face up to it , son . ' Cause if you do not go out there ... black biff ( 0.s. ) five . marty what ? what happen if ! do not go out there ? moustache you be a coward . black biff ( 0.s. ) six . barber and you will be brand for the rest of you day . eyepatch everyone everywhere 'l know that clint eastwood be the biggest yellow belly in the west ! so , here : eyepatch pull he pistol and put it on the table in front of marty . black biff ( o.s. ) Seven . marty look at the gun , then at the face of the man in the saloon . black biff ( o.s. ) eight . they be all watch he expectantly . they do not like coward . they all wanthim to take the gun . black biff ( o.s. ) nine . they all want to see a fight . black biff ( o.s. ) ten. marty ( to the man in the saloon ) hey , | do not car what tannen think ! he 's a jerk ! and | do not care what anybody else think either ! ( to Doc ) Doc , c’mon , snap out of it ! black biff ( o.s. ) D 'ya hear I ? | say , that 's ten , you gutless yellow turd ! the man in the saloon shake they head . moustache tannen 's right . the runt 's yellow . eyepatch the most sicken display of cowardice | have ever see . now a irishman who have be in the background speak up for the first time . seamus be he now ? well , | say there 's a difference between be yellow and be stupid . and only a stupid man would go out and get himself shot for no good reason . no , sir , I would say this young fella 's gota noggin full of horse sense . ( to marty , offer he hand ) Sir , be proud to make you acquaintance : mcfly 's the name . seamus mcfly . marty be amaze to meet he ancestor who bear a strike resemblance to ( George or marty ) . marty seamus mcfly . right ... from Ireland . I have hear of you . you start the whole family . seamus beggin 's you pardon , sir , but I be not yet marry . a attractive bar girl ( who look quite a bit like lorraine ) be give seamus a flirtatious smile . marty you willbe . listen , seamus , buddy , be there another way out of here ? seamus aye . there 's a way through the back , there be . right through there . now doc suddenly sit up , wide - eye and sober . marty Doc ! you all right ? Doc look around , get he bearing , nod . doc | think so . whew !! * ( rub he head ) what a headache ! | confess , the one thing | really miss here be tylenol . marty c’mon , we have gotta go out the back . marty help Doc up and they move toward the back . marty look back at seamus . marty thanks a lot ! * seamus sure 'o you be welcome . * 543 marty and doc break for it , out the back door , and run out into 543 544 the STREET 544 doc stumble into some trash container , knock they over , make a lotof noise . buck react , come around the corner , and spot they . buck hey !!! Buck fire ! marty dive into the general store across the street . 545 546 547 548 549 int . general store 545 marty ram into a cast iron pot bellied stove , and the stove door fall off . marty catch he breath and realize Doc 's not with he . black biff ( o.s. ) listen up , eastwood ! | aim to shoot somebody today . I would prefer it be you . but if you be just too damned yellow , then it will have to be you blacksmith friend ! marty look out the window . outside 546 Buck and ceegar be hold doc , and Black biff hold a gun on he . doc marty , forget about I and save yourself ! marty pull out the Polaroid and shudder . he think . black biff you get one minute to decide ! we hear the train whistle in the distance and we CUT to : ext . train station 547 Close on a conductor . conductor all aboarmdddd !! wider 548 the train lurch forward and slowly pull out of the Hill Valley Station . int . slowly moving train car 549 clara look out the window , somewhat daze . in front of she be the salesman who be drink with Doc last night talk to the man next to he . salesman ... but this poor feller have the worst case of break heart ! ever see . Said he do not know how he would get through the rest of he life , know how much he would hurt she . it kinda get I right here , listenin’ to he go on and on about he Clara . Clara react . clara Excuse I , but be this man tall , with wild eye , dishevel hair ...? 550 551 552 553 salesman you know he ... clara I be ... Clara ... salesman well , Clara , if you have any feeling toward he whatsoe ver , go find he . I have never see a man more tore up or in love than he be , and love like that do not happen too often . whatever happen between you two , I would give he a 2nd chance . with that , Clara stand and pull the emergency cord ! clara emmett ! ext . the train the brake lock up and the train scream to a stop ! int . passenger car passenger be throw forward . Clara push she way through to get off . ext . the train Clara get off the train and run toward town . meanwhile , railroad personnel be try to ascertain the problem , who pull the cord , why , etc . CUT to : ext . STREET biff wait impatiently in the street while he man hold Doc . a number of onlooker crowd the door and window of the adjacent building . black biff ( yell ) all right , runt , time 's up ! marty step out from behind a building far down the street . he 's wear a serape and hat in the clint eastwood tradition ( this be item in the store ) . marty I be right here , tannen . marty 's hand be empty and he wear no gunbelt . black biff where 's you iron ? marty I be not wear one . | think we could settle this thing like man . 550 551 552 553 with that , marty clenches he fist . black biff you think wrong , dude . biff draw he pistol and fire right at marty 's chest ! marty fall . biff laugh . biff walk down the street toward the fall marty . when biff be almost to he ... marty get up ! biff can not believe it ! he shoot again , but he gun 's empty . biff throw he gun down , rush marty and throw a punch into he gut — and howl in pain with the crack of he knuckle bone ! marty sock biff in the face and kick he in the groin . biff go down . black biff Buck ! kill the blacksmith ! Buck pull he gun . suddenly , a array of gun cock . seamus sure 'o I would be droppin 's that gun if | be you . seamus hold a shotgun on he , and a number of man from the saloon all have gun point at biff man . biff 's man wisely throw down they gun . marty throw off he serape , revealing the cast iron door from the pot belly stove ! a boy , 7 , run up to marty , excitedly . boy wow ! armor ! how would you think of that , mister ? marty | see itin a clint eastwood movie . boy Movie ? what 's a movie ? marty you will find out . man ( to the boy ) move along , d.w. , move along . barber that little griffith boy , can not hold he down . marty you okay , Doc ? 554 555 556 557 558 559 doc Fine . marty take outthe Polaroid . insert — polaroid the tombstone with Doc 's name on it literally vanish from the photo , so that the picture show the other tombstone behind it . back to shot biff , stillon the ground , clutches he hand in pain . black biff it 's break ! my gun hand 's break ! seamus well , if you would like to be tryin' honest work , you can have a job on my farm , sloppin’ hog and washin’ wagon . the train whistle blow in the distance . marty can we make it ? doc we will have to cut ‘em off at coyote pass ! they run over to the horse of biff and he gang . marty and Doc each untie one , mount up and gallop off ! and as they disappear down the street , clara come run from around the corner . clara emmett ?? ext . the train the train be move forward again . ext . wooded area Doc and marty gallop through the wood . ext . blacksmith shop Clara run into the blacksmith shop . clara emmett ! emmett ! int . blacksmith shop CUT to : 554 555 556 557 558 559 560 561 562 563 564 565 Clara look around . no sign of Doc , but she notice the cover table top model . she pull off the cover and look at it . she see the point mark '' stop train here . '' CUT to : ext . boarding the train sequence doc and marty gallop toward the train . the train be just ahead . Doc and marty pull alongside and ride even with the last ( passenger ) car . Doc grab for the ladder on the side of the last car and pull himself aboard . marty follow suit . ext . atop the moving train Doc and marty run across the top of the car toward the locomotive . as they near the tender , they pull they bandanas up over they face . in the locomotive the engineer and fireman be busy run the train . suddenly , a gun be thrust against the engineer 's head . doc do what | say and you will not get hurt . engineer be this a holdup ? doc it 's a science experiment . stop the train just before you hit that switchtrack up ahead . ext . in the wood clara run frantically through the wood . ext . the train the train stop just before the switchtrack . doc marty : throw the switch . ( to the fireman ) you : uncouple the car from the tender . the fireman go run back there to do it . at the switch track marty yank the switch mechanism , switch the main track onto carson spur . 560 561 562 563 564 565 566 567 568 569 570 571 572 573 in the cab 566 doc switch hat with the engineer . doc you can get off now . the engineer jump off . Doc push the throttle forward and the locomotive and tender pull away from the rest of the train . marty climb up onto the slowly move train . CUT to : ext . delorean on the track 567 the delorean sit on the track , undisturbed . the locomotive come chugge along behind it . the brake squeal as the engine pull to a stop just behind it . clara be still run through the wood , come to a bluff . look down , she can see the 568 abandoned train car with people milling around . she keep run . locomotive and delorean 569 marty hand a log shape object , tightly wrap with cloth , up to doc in the cab . Doc have 2 other already on board . marty what be this thing anyway ? doc my own version of '' Presto log . '' compress wood with anthracite dust , che mically treat to burn hotter and longer . | use ‘em in my forge so | do not have to stoke it . 3 of this in the furnace will make the fire burn hotter , kick up the boiler pressure and make the train go faster . clara be still run . in the distance she can now make out the back of the tender . 570 marty climb into the delorean and get behind the wheel . 571 in the locomotive 572 doc pull out he walkie-talkie . doc test , marty . do youread ? intercut with marty , in the delorean , who have he walkie-talkie at hand . 573 marty that 's a big 10 - 4 . doc then let 's go home . 574 575 marty shift into neutral and release the emergency brake . marty rea dy to roll ! Doc toot the whistle , then release the brake . Air shoot out of the cylinder . Doc open the throttle . the piston push the wheel . the locomotive inch slowly forward . the cowcatcher bump up to the rear of the delorean and push it forward . marty smile . clara come run up just as the locomotive pull away . she spot Doc on the locomotive ! clara emmett !!! but Doc can not hear she over the sound of the train and he toot of the whistle . Clara chase after the slowly accelerate train and grab the ladder behind the tender . she' aboard ! she sigh and catch she breath . moving locomotive ( intercut with delorean ) Doc call into the walkie-talkie . doc marty : be the time circuit on ? marty tum the lever . the display come on . marty check , doc. doc input the destination time : October 27 , 1985 . 11am . marty punch it up on the keypad . marty check ! clara climb up onto the top of the tender , which be load with timber . clara emmett !!! but Doc can not hear she over the chugge of the locomotive ! Clara walk across the wood , toward the locomotive , but lose she balance . she fall into the woodpile . the delorean speedometer gauge be at 25 . 574 575 marty ( into wakie- talkie ) we be run steady at 25 mile per hour . doc all right . I be throw in the Presto log . once they get go , we 'llreally get go . Doc throw the wrap log into the furnace . doc I be come aboard . in the delorean , marty reach over and open the passenger side gullwing door . Doc climb out of the cab and along the side of the engine . Clara have regain she balance and be again climb across the wood in the tender toward the locomotive . in the furnace , the cloth around the Presto log burn away and the log themselves begin to burn with a greenish flame . Green smoke come out of the smoke stack . Doc see it and smile . the locomotive pressure gauge suddenly increase . the locomotive accelerate ! the delorean digital speedometer show 36...37...38 ... Doc be about halfway to the front of the engine . the walkway creak and give — the metal be brittle . Clara make it across the wood , and climb down into the locomotive cab . clara emmett !!! Doc can not hear she . she stick she head out of the cab and wave at doc. but Doc be look toward the front of the train . Clara scream and wave wildly , but can not get he attention . Doc be just about to the cowcatcher . the speedometer pass 45 . Clara blow the whistle . Doc hear the whistle and suddenly realize someone must be blow it . Doc look back and see Clara ! he 's totally astonished . doc Clara !!! clara emmett !!! | love you !!! marty look back and see Doc look back . he call into the walkie-talkie . marty yo , Doc , what 's happen ? the speedometer approach 565 ... doc it 's Clara ! she 's on the train ! marty that 's impossible ! doc she 's here ! in the cab ! I have gotta go back for she ! Doc start to move back . marty what be you gonna do ? doc hope that there 's enough time to stop the train and get she off before we hit the bridge ! but marty see the windmill up ahead — the failsafe point ! marty Doc ! | see the windmill ! and we be go 60 ! you 'llnever make it ! Doc look and see the windmill ahead ... and watch as they speed past it . doc then we will have to take she with we ! keep call out the speed ! ( pocket walkie- talkie , yell ) Clara ! climb out here to I ! clara | do not know if | can ! doc you can do it ! just do n'tlook down ! Clara gulp and climb out . marty 65 mile a hour ... doc good . you be do fine ! Nice and steady ... Clara scoot along . doc keep come ... 576 577 the ground be racing underneath . a fall mean certain death . marty 70 ! Clara 's foot reach the brittle section . the platform crack and break ! she lose she balance and scream ! she fall — but she leg get catch in a metal brace , leave she hanging upside down , with her head inches away from the huge pounding piston wheel ! Doc be horrify . clara help !!! marty 75 ! she struggle to pull herself back up , but she can not . clara emmett !! help !!! ahead , the ravine can be see . Doc look back and forth , try to decide what to do . marty 80 ! Clara 's leg be slip out of the brace . clara I be slip ! marty doc! here ! catch ! marty open he gullwing door and throw Doc the pink hoverboard ! Doc catch it ! the speedometer read 84 ... 85 ... through the windshield , the unfinish bridge can be see ... close on clara 576 hang off the locomotive , terrify as she slip closer to the pound piston . suddenly , doc appear and pull she off of there ! wider 577 Doc be on the hoverboaro with a amaze Clara in he arm ! he hover clear of the train ... the speedometer hit 88 ! 578 701 702 703 704 705 much wider 578 Doc on the hoverboard with Clara in he arm watch as ... the speed locomotive push the delorean toward edge of the ravine , and Fire appear around the delorean wheel , and the coil glow blue , and the flux capacitor discharge , and the delorean be blast back to future ! and then the locomotive goe over the edge of the unfinished bridge , into the ravine ! it be a spectacular train wreck , cap with a tremendous boiler explosion ! Doc hold Clara tightly . they kiss . and then they hoverboard off into the western sky . CUT to : ( scene number 579 — 700 reserve ) ext . 1985 — carson ravine bridge — day 701 the bridge as it be in 1985 — complete , span the ravine . 3 sonic boom and white flash and the delorean reappear on the bridge speed along ! the delorean coast safely across the bridge , to the other side of the ravine , decelerate . ext . railroad track at airport 702 the slow delorean coast along the track near the small local airport , toward a highway intersection . the crossing gate clang : they be almost down . tracking with the delorean 703 marty coast across the highway intersection , smile , think the crossing gate be down for he ... then we hear the sound of a diesel horn . marty look ahead in horror : he p.o. thru the windshield of 704 a diesel engine bear down on he ! ext . train track 705 the head - on collision be unavoidable ! 706 707 708 the delorean slow , the gullwing door be throw open and marty roll out of the delorean just as the diesel engine smashes into the delorean , totally destroy it , send wreckage everywhere ! the diesel keep on go ! marty catch he breath and look around . 706 twisted metal debris and piece of the delorean be strewn all over . there be small pile of burn heaps . marty oh , God , no ! no !!! marty drop to he knee , weep . marty well , Doc , it 's destroy . just like you want . CUT to : ext . lyon gate ( 1985 ) — day 707 a very depressed marty mcfly walk through the familiar lyon Gates and down the street toward he house . up ahead , biff auto detailing truck can be see park . biff be waxing somebody 's car . biff hi , marty . how 's everything . marty ( without any enthusiasm ) Fine . biff go cowboy , eh ? marty yeah . ext . mcfly home , 1985 — day 708 marty walk up he driveway . the garage be open and he black Toyota truck be in there . but even the sight of he truck do nothing to buoy he spirit . as marty approach the front door , GEORGE and lorraine pull into the driveway in they BMW . they get out of the car . GEORGE marty — what on earth be you wear ? marty oh , that 's along story . lorraine where have you be ? | think you and Jennifer be up at the lake . marty Jennifer ! oh my God , Jennifer ! CUT to : 709 ext . jennifer' house — day 709 marty pull up in he truck , get out and run over to the hammock . ( there be now no security bar on the window . ) he hesitates , then peek into it : jennifer be just as he leave she . marty sigh relief . marty thank God ! ( shake she gently ) Jen ? Jennifer ? she moan but do not revive . he try again . no go . finally , he kiss she full on the mouth . she awaken with a start — scared , then just confuse . jennifer marty ! CUT to : 710 int . marty 's moving truck 710 marty drive . Jennifer be beside he . marty how do you feel ? be you all right ? jennifer | think so , wow , | think | be ... ( sigh ) | guess it be a dream , but it be so real . about the future ... about we ... and we kid . we kid be a mess , and you get fire ... twas terrible . marty well , everything 's fine now . sort of ... marty stop at a traffic light . now , a hot red camaro pull up alongside . driver hey , the Big m! how 's it hangin’ , mcfly ! Nice truck ! let see what she can do . the driver be needle , 17 : marty 's future co-worker . he race he engine . marty 711 712 no thanks , Needles . marty pull forward a few foot . needle * C ’mon , mcfly . what 's the matter : Chicken ? marty tense , then back up even with Needles . marty glare at he . Jennifer react with concern . Needles make '' cluck '' noise . marty nobody call I chicken , Needles ... marty race he engine . Needles race he engine . jennifer marty , do not ... marty put he hand on he stick shift . marty look at the stoplight . Red . the intersect light go from Green to yellow ... Needles be ready ... marty have he clutch down , ready to pop it . the two vehicle be like animal ready to charge . the light turn GREEN . the camaro roar off like a bat out of hell ! marty 's truck just stay there . marty ( shake he head ) but I be not stupid , either . we hear a horn honk and a screech of brake . marty 's p.o.v. thru the windshield 711 the camaro narrowly avoid hit a roll royce that have pull out of a intersect drive way . marty be astonished . he sigh a '' that be a close one '' sigh . 712 marty jeez ! | woulda hit that Roll royce ! jennifer roll royce ? she reach into she pocket and pull out the crumble '' you be fire '' fax . 713 Jennifer look at the fax page : the word '' you be fire '' vanish from it ; in fact all of the printing disappear ! Jennifer examine it , amaze . it 's simply a blank piece of paper . she shake she head , not sure if she imagine it or what . jennifer it erase ...! marty ( a beat ) maybe we future have not be write yet . she smile . CUT to : ext . train track near airport ( wreckage site ) — day 713 the delorean wreckage be still strewn along the track . marty 's truck pull up and marty get out . Jennifer do not understand . jennifer what be we do here ? marty I will just be a minute . marty poke through the piece ... a fender , a train wheel , part of a seat , a twisted piece of metal that say '' Mr. Fusion , '' a section of the time display : '' last time depart . '' finally he find what he 's look for : the square case contain the flux capacitor . marty pick it up and examine it . the glass cover be shattered , and inside , the flux capacitor be break . marty sigh . suddenly , there 's a tremendous sonic boom . marty and Jennifer react with total incredulity at what they see : a steam locomotive be there on the track and doc brown be in the cab , wear a engineer 's hat . of course , it 's be modify with big tesla coil , condenser , and equipment that look right out of Jules verne ... include a victorian style flux capacitor ! doc marty ! itrun on steam ! with Doc in the cab be clara , and 2 boy , age 4 and 6 . and einstein , the dog . * doc oh , I be marry now . meet the family ! Clara , you know , and this be my boy : Jules and verne ! boy , this be marty . and Jennifer . marty be dumbstruck . marty hi. marty walk over to the locomotive and stare in awe ... and joy in see the Doc . Doc wink . marty Doc ... it 's unbelievable . this be wonderful ! and here | think I would never see you again . doc you can not keep a good scientist down . after all , | have to come back for Einstein . and | do not want you to be worried about I . jennifer Doctor Brown , | just want to know one thing : W hat happen to marty and I in the future ? doc that 's up to you . you future have not be write — no one 's have . for better or worse , you future be what you make it . ( a beat ) so make it a good one . both of you . marty put he arm around Jennifer and smile . marty we will , Doc . and what about you ? be you go ... back to the future ? doc nope : already be there ! Doc push a lever : the locomotive wheel fold down , and the entire locomotive lift up off the track ! marty and jennifer both watch in open mouth disbelief ! doc and he family wave to marty as the locomotive ascend higher and fly off into the sky ! roll end credit . fade out .