" backdraft " screenplay by Gregory wide shoot draft int . FIRE station 17 - storage room - 20 yrs . earlier darkness . then the glint of a flashlight . its beam rock crazily to and for across the inside of a small storage room as we hear two child argue . older kid you be do it wrong . younger kid shut up . older kid you be do it wrong . it 's hard , but we get a sense of the room in the whipping beam of light . huge , dark coat line up like side of beef on steel baton . bent , stain helmet hang like African mask . beneath they brian , 7 , and stephen , 12 , be try to struggle into a pair of the ludicrously massive coat over they pajamas . stephen it do not go like that . brian who ask you ? stephen if you do it like that it will open in the fire . then you will get burn and die . the door suddenly open , morning sunlight roaring in . it 's a fire station storage room full of fire gear . a fireman stand in the doorway , tall , athletic , they father ; dennis mccaffrey . dennis who 's go to die ? stephen Brian . he 's not do it right , dad . he never do it right . dennis ( gesture for they to come out ) well , let 's have a look . int . FIRE station 17 - day the two boy tromp out of the closet . the rubber turn - out boot be as high as they thigh . the end of the coat drag on the floor . they salute , Brian 's arm just a empty sleeve . Dennis kneel down and re-fasten Brian 's coat . dennis you brother 's right . if you do not fasten this correctly they could open and you would get burn . stephen and die ! brian you would not let I die , would you , dad ? dennis mccaffrey be smarter than fire , Brian . ( playfully slap they shoulder ) how ' bout lunch , huh ? stephen fireman shit ? dennis hey , what 's with the mouth ? where would you grow up , a barn ? stephen firehouse . dennis cute . -- the station suddenly fill with the bellow of a alarm klaxon . dennis ( sigh ) never fail ... a young fireman , adcox , appear with the dispatch card . dennis Big deal ? axe medium deal . dennis want to come along , Brian ? watch the old man earn he keep ? stephen ( piss ) dad ! dennis you have come along a dozen time , Stephen , give you brother a chance . we will be back in a few minute . ( to Brian ) how ' bout it , sport ? brian sure ! Dennis scoops Brian up and load he into the fire engine cab . the other three firemen climb aboard and take they place . ext . FIRE station 17 - day there 's a cough of diesel , a crunch of gear , and the engine be pull out of the station . dennis hit the button , Brian . Brian stamp he foot on the siren button . the red light snap on , the siren growl and blare , and they be off down the street . Brian turn around in he seat and , at the last instant before the corner , make eye contact with he older brother . they stick they tongue out . ext . chicago STREET - day - 20 yrs . earlier the engine howl its way through the city . Brian , sandwich between he father and adcox , look out in wonderment at intersection zipping past like picket fence , at people on sidewalk hold hand over they ear , at the red emergency light bounce crazily off shop window . ext . build - day - 20 yrs . earlier lazy smoke curl out the second story of a commercial block . medium deal . the engine pull up and the firemen be jump off like ship rat . Dennis open he door , hop down , and pause just long enough to point a serious finger at he son . dennis stay near the truck . ( wink ) and keep a eye out for we , huh ? we be short hand today . Brian nod vigorously , take the command seriously . Dennis smile and be off , drag a hoseline with he crew toward a doorway they disappear into . Brian climb down from the cab . engineer do not stray too far , little man . Brian smile to the pumper operator . he just want a better look . and he get it : smoke turn evil and dark now , take on purpose . ext . build - day - 20 yrs . earlier there 's a level of apartment above the storefront . as Brian watch , a window open and out step he father and adcox onto a small fire escape . they attention 's on the next window over , out of reach , wrap in leaky smoke . suddenly Dennis climb up onto the fire escape railing , armed with only a axe , and jump across to the next metal balcony . a ballsy , dangerous move . he kick in the window , break out the frame with he axe , and dive in . a beat later he reemerges on the balcony with a terrify , smudge little girl . he hand the little girl over the railing to a fireman now come up the more traditional way -- a ladder . Dennis 's face lift and grin at Brian ; dirty , bigger than life , invincible . he wink a wink only possible between father and son and he 's go again , back into the swirl darkness . as Brian stand there , full of love , full of pride , he see a piece of awning along the roofline crack ; release a sickly yellow tongue of flame that slink over the roof . the flame seem to pause , to stare at Brian a beat . shhh , do not tell anyone . Brian be transfix , he little head stare up in astonishment . nobody else have notice it . Brian can see he father and adcox through the window ; probing , look for the flame lurking just above . Brian start to call out in a small , hesitant voice , brian dad ... he try to call louder ... but suddenly everything be happen very fast in slow motion : -- Brian can see adcox testing the ceiling with a pike pole as Brian step forward , under the power of a flame that beckon he as -- Dennis suddenly throws he body against adcox , knock he clear just as a flame explode downward from the ceiling fully against he as -- all the building 's window blow out and it 's like the sky 's erupt for Brian , a burn hailstorm that fall and pelt the ground around he . plaster , wood , and something metal that crack against the pavement and spin slowly . a fire helmet . and adcox be come out the door now , blacken and tear , hopeless tear stream down he face . axe get we some backup ! we need some goddamn backup ! and , spot Brian , he run towards he . and the helmet spin and spin and adcox keep run , and the sky be raining fire , and the flame on the roof have rise up now to its full , horrifying size and it 's laugh now , laugh at the little boy as the helmet finally stop spin , and we read the printing on the neck guard . mccaffrey and adcox be sobbing and have he arm around the boy , protect he from the fire , the world , but it 's like Brian do not see he . he pull away from adcox , walk up to he father 's helmet , and put it on . the scene explode with a flash as a photographer capture the instant . int . seedy apartment - day sequence omit from original script . int . brian be car - day hold on the freeze-frame . let it become a age cover of life . the magazine jiggle and rock and we see now it 's sit atop a box of knick - knack jostling in the back seat of a aging BMW . there 's plenty of other box here , a live on the move , and in the driver 's seat , brian mccaffrey , now 27 . there 's pile of empty burger wrapper , Coke can , and Florida knick - knack on the dash board ; a little blow - up palm tree , a cheesy hula girl emblazon with " mccaffrey High - end stereo sale " . ext . highway - montage - day Brian and he batter BMW shoot past prairie , cow country , nervous suburb and finally a sign : welcome to chicago . ext . cemetery - day wind tug at he bang , Brian stare down at the grave of Dennis and Mary Elizabeth mccaffrey . int . chicago gas station restroom - day in a crusty sink he comb he hair , knot a tie around he neck . ext . chicago FIRE department training academy - day Brian walk through its sculpt column , straighten he tie . he come to a door , FIRE academy chief . he take a deep breath , steady he gaze , and enter . int . FIRE academy chief' office - day the academy chief sit at he desk go over a file . out the window can be hear a FIRE training CLASS in action . chief fitzgerald be this a joke ? Brian 's sit in the seat opposite . brian if it be a joke , sir , you would be laugh . chief fitzgerald you walk out on this academy six year ago . one week to graduation . you think we forget that ? you think I do ? brian I want another shot , Sir . chief fitzgerald ( beat ) look , everybody remember you old man . be he son , all you have to do be breathe to graduate here . Dead hero Father rule . but you blow we off . why should I take you back ? brian if you remember , sir , my test score be in the top -- chief fitzgerald -- I do not give a damn what you test score be , maybe you could have be a good firemen , but you have you shot . brian I need another one , sir . chief fitzgerald sorry , but it 's out of my hand . try again next year . brian no , it be not out of you hand or you would not even have meet I . if I push you have to let I back in . Dead hero Father rule . Sir . chief fitzgerald ( simmer ) even if you graduate this academy , you have still get nine month of probation . that 's hard duty , son . if you do not really love this job , it will kill you . brian ( rise ) see you Monday . sir. as we hear the blow of a whistle CUT to : ext . chicago FIRE dept . training academy - graduation day and everybody line up at attention in dress blue . chief fitzgerald ( at podium ) though the world change every day , some thing be truly forever : courage , devotion , and honor in what we do . this class be a special one , for we dedicate it to the three firefighter that have fall this year : Donald knowlton , Richard walter and Michael petzold ... ( silent beat ) lady and gentleman , it be with pleasure that I certify that candidate class number 322 , have successfully complete all academy requirement , be hereby graduate to the Chicago Fire Department . candidate and they relative cheer and leap to they foot . something struggle inside of Brian . he do not stand at first . another candidate , tim , 20 , look at he strangely . so do the Academy Chief , he eye find brian' . and Brian 's stand slowly now , join they ... ext . brownstone - night a expensive one . we hear a window break . int . brownstone - night through the dimness a file cabinet . a axe suddenly slam into it , ripping it apart . file crash to the floor . and a picture . 1970 . four young guy marlin fishing . time of they life . int . brownstone bedroom - night and a grey putty be slapped along the edge of a door . int . pub - night a split-level firemen 's dive ; complete with mount axe and personalize t-shirt from various engine company proudly declare " ladder CO . 6 -- axe first , hose later " and " chicago fd , 150 year of tradition unimpeded by progress " . tonight the place be firmly in the hand of a army of recently graduate candidate . a few on the back patio have hook up a charge hoseline and be take potshot at balloon target , each other , the neighbor 's cat . Brian and Tim , still in they uniform , enter from the street . Survey the scene . brian completely out of control . tim what the hell be we wait for ? as they shoulder they way inside , another candidate appear hold proudly a fistful of seal envelope . candidate hot off the press , guy . Station assignment . Tim and everyone else but Brian eagerly tear into they . Brian nonchalantly shoulder up to the bar . brian a beer , willy ! the barkeep turn and smile . willy well , if it be not the littlest mccaffrey . ( to candidate with hose ) hey ! you break anything with that you buy it ! ( to Brian ) sorry , there must be something wrong with my eye . I keep think that 's a fire department uniform . brian it 's in my blood , willy . the candidate be rip open they assignment , exclaim to each other : " all right ! engine 117 ! that 's a slum ! they get cooker every day ! " . " oh no , engine 10 , that 's a nice neighborhood " ... willy turn to the bulletin board behind he and unpin a stack of business card . willy really . well , let 's have a look at what else be " in you blood " . I always look forward to get this , they make such a nice collage for the bar ... " Assistant director , sale , aspen snowmobile Tours ... " brian do not offer the kinda growth and challenge I need . willy uh huh . and " Pioneer 's pride , mobile log cabin " . that be in you blood about six month be not it ? brian management be pin head . willy " laguna jam , custom surfboard " ? brian coffee suck . willy and just this year , " Brian 's sound spectrum " . you own company even . Big step . brian I be ahead of my time . willy you know , I have get a perfect little spot here for " Brian mccaffrey , fireman " ... Tim hold a envelope mark mccaffrey out to Brian . tim be not you even curious ? brian engine 115 , right ? tim ( open it , surprised ) how would you know ? this be suppose to be seal . brian lucky guess . ( wink ) and a case of scotch to a captain in station assignment . tim you crooked son of a bitch . why 115 ? brian lot of fire . they promote faster there . take a look at the last Lt. 's list , half the guy on it come from that battalion . gotta think about you future , timmy . 115 's the station . tim ah man , if you be gonna bribe you way into a station , why not 17 with I and you brother ? on Brian 's reaction CUT to : ext . STREET - night a porsche knife through darken street . the driver , 50 , be dress for success . pull up to the brownstone we see earlier , he get out and rub he eye . another day in the salt mine . climb the short stair , he stick he key into the lock and open the door . it be the last thing he will ever do . a thundering explosion engulf the stoop . int . pub - night the place be pack now with girl flirt with the candidate , put they helmet on , etc . the horseplay around the bar suddenly stop at the sweet sound of a siren . ext . pub - night everyone step outside , cock a ear . and here it come , the real thing , screeching past in a full - tilt rush . shout and raise toast . tim hey , that 's my cousin 's company ! c'mon ! let 's go ! as Brian turn , he suddenly confront by a elderly lithuanian woman . brian ( surprised ) Mrs. viatkus ... she grab he cheek and rattles off in lithuanian . Brian can only smile . then two attractive jean - clad leg step up . jennifer . jennifer Brian . brian ( surprised ) Jennifer . jennifer you be back . brian you look great . jennifer thanks for call . brian uh ... I have be sorta keep a low profile ... the academy ... I graduate today . jennifer huh . brian so ... I see you be still in the neighborhood . jennifer not quite . just visit . I live in lincoln Park now . brian yeah ? what have you be up to ? jennifer I work for city hall . brian really ? no kid . jennifer what , you think I just dry up and blow away when you leave ? the world do turn once in awhile Brian , even without you permission . just then , Tim open up the hoseline , drenching Brian . tim do not want you overheate , Brian ! Brian duck the stream and pull a length of hose near he foot , flipping Tim . Brian jump he , shut off the hose and pin he to the pavement . tim okay okay ! uncle ! Brian walk back toward Jennifer jennifer you have certainly mature . she turn to leave . brian well , if nothing else , it 's nice to know we can still be friend . jennifer I do not want to be you friend , Brian . another in a series of fire engine howl past . Tim grab Brian by the shoulder . tim let 's go , man ! ext . street - night Brian and Tim jump into Brian 's car . they shoot blindly down the street look for the fire engine , run down red light or anything else that get in they way . Brian suddenly hit the brake , screeching to a stop . they roll down they window . Far off can be hear the wind - up of a siren . tim ( point ) that way . ext . street - FIRE engine - night screech . they fly around a corner , down a block , and there it be , light flash up ahead . Brian gun it , roar up alongside the fire engine . Tim lean out the window , shake a bottle of beer , and let loose a foamy eruption in the truck driver 's face . driver Tim ! you crazy motherfucker ! but he 's laugh . tim what ' cha get ? driver box alarm . Walton Ave . tim we will meet ya . ext . brownstone - walton avenue - night as Brian and Tim pull up two engine company be already drag line toward the roll brownstone we see explode earlier . Tim cheer the firemen on like a drive - in movie . Brian watch the fire with uneasy fascination . ember whipping into the night , drift to the ground around he . one of the engine company be enter the doorway now . he watch as they willingly crawl into a place any sane person would run for they life from . Jesus Christ . flash -- Brian turn at the blind snap of a camera . several local be gather around a park car , some take picture . Brian notice that right away . it take a beat longer to notice the charree corpse stuff head - first through the windshield . it 's the porsche driver , he leg stick out at crazy angle . a dog bark furiously at it . tim ( also look at body ) man . something sure put a crimp in he evening . brian backdraft . the brownstone fire quickly transform itself into noisy cloud of dirty white steam . and one of the firemen be come back out now , walk toward Brian . when he 's just a few yard away he pull off he air mask and helmet and we shudder with Brian , because the man be a dead ringer for he father . stephen well , look what we have here . Nice costume . Rent it ? brian I want to thank you for come to my graduation , Stephen . it be a great inspiration to I . stephen so you be go to fight fire now , huh ? he pat Brian 's cheek , leave behind large charcoal smear . stephen ( be smear ) do not work on you . ( turn to leave ) see ya around , little brother . brian not likely . stephen ( turn ) well , see you be wrong already . have a talk with Chief fitzgerald , and we decide in the interest of brotherly love , that maybe you should not be way over on the other side of town . so start tomorrow , you assign to company 17 . my company . ( Brian 's color drop a hue ) one case of scotch , you be get cheap in you old age , Brian ... and Stephen turn for he own man , Tim stare at Brian as cloud of smoke drift past like ghost . ext . brownstone - across the STREET - night a flame leap up into the foreground . touches a cigarette . the cigarette glow , linger , then lower slowly from the mouth of rimgale , fifty - five year old and six and a half foot of solid granite . wearing a windbreaker and grey slack tuck into fire department rubber boot , he take another slow drag . look at the body stuff into the windshield . it 's twenty yard away from the brownstone . Stephen look up as rimgale drop the cigarette , crush it with he boot , and cross the street to the building . int . brownstone - night charre wall hiss and snap in the steamy darkness . rimgale be there , gloomy in the beam of he flashlight . he crouch down , play he flashlight along the ruin baseboard . shadow if you stare any longer stevie , I will start charge you admission . Stephen be lean in the doorway , watch he . stephen get a cause ? shadow be the glory boy actually show interest in investigation 's work ? I may have a stroke . stephen the glory boy just want to finish they report so they can go home . rimgale 's flashlight find a wall socket that he pries loose and hold up to the light . he lower it , take in the wall , the room . shadow they be gonna have to wait a few day on this one . ext . brownstone - night Tim 's talk to he cousin . Brian hang back , watch the body - bag people load the porsche driver into a meat wagon . there 's a still a audience for this , still stray dog circle and bark . Brian walk up , look inside the car , and see on a seat the rag remain of a finger . brian ( to coroner crew ) hey , you forget ... this . they be already climb into the wagon . the driver smile creepily . coroner driver we always leave something for the dog . Brian look across the fireground , see he brother walk back to the fire engine . they share a brief , edgy glance . ext . house - day a modest one . South -side irish old fashioned . Brian walk up . there 's a little kid , about five , play with a toy fire truck on the drive . brian hey , Sean . what 's goin ' on , man ? the kid stare at he without a glimmer of recognition . brian it 's uncle Brian . y'know . he make he hand into a talk puppet . brian ( bandito accent ) " spinach ? we do not need no stinking spinach " . remember ? the kid drop he toy truck and flee inside . kid Mom ! Mom ! int . helen' house Brian follow , stick he head in the door . brian hellooo ... a warm look woman , 30' , helen , come around the corner . helen Brian ? brian hi , helen . man , you look great . helen you look like ... Brian . she give he a tentative hug . helen ' Bout write you off . how long have you be in town ? brian four month . helen four month ? brian I know , I know , should 'a call . I have be really busy . I join the fire department . helen 's expression suddenly sadden . helen oh Brian ... ( beat ) you guy ... you really know how to put each other through it , do not you ? the little kid be peek fearfully from the kitchen doorway . brian that 's Sean ? jeez , he 's a giant . helen yeah , you would be surprised what three year can do to a kid . brian Sean , come on out , man . what , you forget you favorite uncle ? helen Stephen tell he you be kill in a hot tub accident . sean ( intense ) dad be kid , Mom . and the kid run unexpectedly away , angry . brian well that 's two thing to strangle Stephen for . where be he , anyway ? helen ( beat ) Stephen 's not stay here now , Brian . he move out last April . a embarrassed sting . brian oh , man , I be sorry . helen you guy ought to try pick up a phone once in awhile . ext . stephen be boat - marina - day a small one on the river . several boat bob peacefully . except one . raise high in dry-dock , it 's a ancient fishing trawler . bachman - Turner - overdrive drift up from the galley on badly fuzze speaker as Brian climb the ladder . brian hey . stripped to the waist , Stephen 's bent-over clean out the gut of the inboard motor . he look confuse to see Brian . brian I talk to helen ... wrong thing to say . Stephen turn back to he work . brian ... man , I think dad 's boat be finally retire to the family graveyard . do not you worry about fall out of this thing ? Stephen straighten up , he forearm smudge with grease . Brian admire the unwash cereal bowl and peel deck paint . brian I like what you have do with the place . stephen it 's comin ' along ... want a beer ? Stephen toss he a beer from the fridge . as Brian pop it , he see the small pile of city - issue gallon size can in the corner . armorall , solvent , extinguisher foam . brian be rip off fire station ? stephen it 's old stuff adcox give I that the department be go to throw out anyway . still good enough though for this tub . Brian wince at the music come out of shot speaker . brian bachman Turner overdrive ? ( look through music rack ) ... buffalo Springfield ?... Stephen Bishop ? oh man ... Brian lift one of the tape -- a 8 - track -- and hold it carefully in he palm as if it be a rare and fragile relic . brian my God , a actual operate 8 - track . stephen what , you have never see one before ? brian in the field Museum once . stephen it work . brian it work when you be in sixth grade . int . stephen be boat - day sequence omit from original script . ext . stephen be boat - day Brian open the trunk of he old BMW . it 's full of stereo box mark brian be " SOUND spectrum " . int . stephen be boat - cabin - day Brian 's gut the speaker and be re-wiring they . stephen people actually use to pay you for this ? brian million , Stephen -- and sexual favor . stephen sheep do not count . brian yeah ? what about Laura -- stephen that be never prove . Brian move over to another speaker . stephen why would you come here , Brian ? brian I want to know why you mess with my station assignment . I mean , be this really gonna have to one of that big brother -- little brother " you break my GI Joe and I be still piss " game ? stephen ( sigh ) what be it with you , man , huh ? how do you manage to keep come up with new and amazing way to screw up ? that scotch bullshit ? be I really suppose to believe you come crawl back home because you suddenly feel heart string moan for the family biz ? you be bankrupt , man . brian hey ! you do not know I -- stephen I know you cold , Brian . the scary thing be , you probably could have fake it for awhile . but you see , in this job there 's no place to hide . be not like sell log cabin . you have a bad day here -- someone die . and that 's not fuck good enough . want another beer ? brian so that 's it ? Big bad brother 's gonna ride my ass till I cough blood ? stephen Big bad brother be go to treat you like any other probie -- that I do not think be go to make it . Brian staple the last of the audio cord in place and switch on the tape player . the cabin fill with sharp , crystal clear -- Stephen Bishop . brian there 's only so much technology can do . ( pick up he tool box ) thanks for the beer . stephen thanks for the speaker . ext . stephen be boat - day Brian climb down off the boat . look up at Stephen . brian y'know , I tell myself a million time I do not want to be a fireman . I say bullshit to that line about tradition and family legacy . I know I split , and I know how you feel ... stephen yeah , you know . you know what it feel like . brian I gotta do this , Stephen . I gotta know . stephen I think you be gonna find out , Brian . do not be late tomorrow . int . brian apartment - morning a simple one- room walk - up . a stereo blare Chicago blue as Brian button up he uniform in the mirror . he step back , look at himself , -- and oh man what the hell be I do ... ext . brian apartment - STREET - morning Brian climb into he car , turn the key -- nothing . he get out , look under the hood , then slam it down in frustration . int . elevate train - morning a piss - off Chicago , haul itself off to work in the morning snap , pass by Brian 's window . tough midwestern brick . tough Midwesterner . head -down in they 150 year war with a wind commit to push the whole damn thing into Lake Michigan . ext . EL station - morning the train clack away above he , Brian walk down the sidewalk carry he fire equipment . he turn a corner and come on . ext . FIRE station 17 - morning Brian stand there . it 's he dad 's station . turn of the century abuse . sooty with stone gargoyle and a pair of fade red door that suddenly crank OPEN as Brian come up the drive . Fire engine 17 and ladder truck 46 , light flash , pull out onto the apron . the fireman stick he head out of the passenger window be Stephen . one look at the silver trumpet on he collar and we know this be not fireman mccaffrey but Fire lt . mccaffrey . stephen you be too late , probie . Tim , in ladder truck 46 , wave a small bye- bye as both rig begin head down the street . brian ( chase ) goddamn it , Stephen ... Brian bolt full - out for the engine . at the last instant before he fall on he face a fireman reach out and drag he aboard . int . / ext . FIRE engine 17 - day it 's adcox , the fireman from the first scene , now a veteran . axe why baby mccaffrey , how ya doin ' ? the pumper driver , schmidt , pop in a howling rock tune as they zoom off . schmidt ( be Brian to adcox ) you know this rug rat ? axe know he ? I practically raise he . ( jewish mom ) and he never call , he never write ... Brian shout over the noise to grindle , 35 , one more seat down . brian I be Brian . grindle I be sorry . grindle stick he nose out the window , sniff , then begin buckle up he coat . grindle boy , I do believe we have a barbecue ... as Brian and adcox fasten up they own equipment -- ext . factory - day smoke pour with confuse indecision from every window of a five story factory as the pumper and ladder company pull up . grindle ( stare at confusing smoke ) I hate it when we gotta fuck go look for it . stephen ( to Schmidt ) call in another alarm . we be gonna need some back -up . everyone begin strapping on air tank and mask . adcox drag the rig 's suction line to the hydrant . a beautiful illegally park mercede be block the way . axe ( to Stephen ) oh this moment do try I ... stephen ( admire car ) be gentle . whistle to himself , adcox smashes the brass coupling through the passenger window , run the line through and smashes it out the other window before connect up to the hydrant . Stephen and grindle pull hose off the bed and move out . Brian 's so jack up he can not get he air tank on right . Schmidt calmly help he into he gear . schmidt it 's only rock and roll , kid . Stephen , adcox and grindle be crouch at the door , ready to go . Brian take a hose roll and run to catch up when he 's cut - off by daze Latin worker shouting incoherently at he in spanish . stephen hey , probie ! how ' bout it , huh ? Brian push past the worker and take he position on the hose line . Stephen reach over and re-adjust Brian 's air tank strap . stephen you be do it wrong . Stephen ease the door open . thick smoke roll sickly out over they head . stephen ( to Brian ) stay beside I . and in they go ... int . burning factory - day Inside the smoke be like liquid lead . go by feel , they hump the hose up one staircase after another , crawl on they hand and knee toward a dull red glow . turn a corner , they enter int . burning factory - a vast room - day totally ablaze . Brian look up in wonder at the buffete wave of flame in the ceiling , at the screeching timber crumble to the white - hot floor . at the wall howling in bestial agony . it be the most horrifying , and wonderful thing he have ever see . axe wash it to the window ? stephen no , we will hit the son of a bitch head on . axe it 's gonna flash , stevie . we gotta get behind it . stephen Nah , listen to it . it 's a pussy . it will just steam on we . it will not flash . go high in the ceiling . adcox and grindle shrug and pull they helmet down tight , expect the worst . adcox open up the nozzle , turn loose a high pressure blast of water into the ceiling . the fire scream in manic anger and heave a cloud of howling steam that whirl back and bake they like lobster . Brian gasp for air as swirl ash batter he facemask . a window somewhere explode . somebody shout . Christ , you can not see anything . Stephen hoop in victory . stephen ( to fire ) I know you be a pussy ! c'mon ! steam we ! ( to firemen ) let 's go ! the chase be on ! go for the throat while the fire 's confuse and defensive , the firemen scramble through the boil cloud . they hit it in the ceiling , in the wall , force it back and back . it howl and claw in anger , furiously throw cinder and break timber in they face . the wall echo with its scream as it retreat to a corner . stephen ya love it , probie ? brian I be in heaven , Lt. stephen hook we up to a stand - pipe . Brian run back to the wall to hook up he hose roll to the building water system . he go to unscrew the cap with he hydrant wrench but it keep slip off the nut . stephen Jesus , how ' bout man , huh ? we be gonna loose this ! Brian finally get it hook up and run back . ext . factory - other side - day Tim and three guy from he ladder company , come up a extend aerial ladder , crash through a window and int . factory - day begin hacking they way toward Brian 's company as -- boom ! it 's a sudden , shatter vibration that shake the building to its foundation . then , a suck sound : rush-rush-rush ... Stephen speak calmly into he radio handset . stephen hey otis , be it ...? schmidt ( into radio ) yeah . stephen goddamn it , where 's we backup ? where 's the second - in company ? schmidt voice sorry , man . John Wayne time . stephen ( to firemen ) dig in ! the firemen hesitate . pengelly , the truck company Lt. , look at Stephen with concern . stephen dig in , goddamn it ! the crew immediately gather in the center of the floor . they turn over table , chair , anything to form a barrier . a circle of the wagon . -- boom ! rush-rush-rush -- boom ! each louder than the last . Stephen and Brian be duck behind a overturn desk . adcox and krizminski clutch hoseline like frontiersmen 's Winchester . stephen you be gonna love this . -- rush-rush-rush -- craaaash !! on a instant the world come apart as all four wall of factory window explode in a hail of glass . a wave of howling flame pour in after it , shrieking and hissing . at the same moment , part of the floor beside a heavy sewing machine give way and a ladderman , santos , fall through , grab the edge at the last minute as flame bellow up from underneath . he scream as he grip loosen . grindle leap to the ladderman 's side , grab he arm and coat . Brian hesitates just a instant and Stephen shove he out of the way to back up grindle . santos help ... oh God ... adcox 's take the hoseline and be open fire . Water and flame crash and snarl across the floor in a blood curdle roar . it 's a thrashing , murderous standoff . Stephen and grindle have get Santos but the angle 's bad . blow it now and all three could take a header . Santos be panic , lose he grip . grindle bore he eye into the man 's with the calm and conviction of mose . grindle you go , we go . they may all die , but they will not leave he . he calm a little , hang on till they pull he out of harm 's way . adcox continue with the hose as suddenly , everyone hit the deck as the fire explode over they , bursting they coat into flame . Tim 's company open up they line , washing everybody down before charging after the fire . a ladderman , nightengale , step on Brian 's back . brian hey ! nightengale sorry man , I think you be dead . Brian , stunne , sit up , he coat and helmet smoking . Stephen seem totally unaffected and be already on he foot and over the top of the barricade , the other back he as he mercilessly drive the fire back , trapping it finally into a corner . the fire hiss , spit , shake the wall with its furious anger . but it 's all bluster now , the fire 's die . pengelly ( ladder co. captain ) Stephen ! BC 's on the radio . say they think a civilian get leave behind downstairs . stephen adcox ! take Tim and do a search . adcox lead Tim downstairs . Brian look shake up . Stephen help he roughly to he foot . stephen do not you fold on I now , man . Brian burn at that and shake he brother 's arm off . stephen clear the hose for I . Brian 's walk over to clear the hoseline when he hear it . small voice . faint . " help I ... " brian hey , I think it 's come from a different staircase . nobody hear . -- Brian take off down the other step on he own . int . burning factory - downstair it 's only the fire 's ghost here , lazy and slow . off the corridor be room full of commercial sewing machine . Brian enter one and drop to he knee . look under a table , flash he light behind a work stand . nothing . he turn to backtrack he way out when a tongue of flame suddenly leap up through the floor in front of he , cut off the door . Brian land on he ass as it hiss and giggle and dance unreally in front of he . I never forget a face , kid . -- that fire from childhood . he could maybe force he way through but Jesus , the way it look at he -- -- Brian roll away from it . look for another doorway -- and end up in thick smoke . he drop to a crawl , stay on he belly where the air 's clear . when he see it . behind some furniture . something flesh -color . shit . it 's a body . he crawl up closer . it 's a woman . adrenalin pound the top of he skull off , he grab she and stumble back down the hall , make a turn -- brian I get one ! ext . factory - day -- and now he 's burst from the building onto a short fire escape , shouting at the top of he lung . brian I get somebody ! I get somebody ! a sea of media flashbulb erupt in he face . the press have arrive in force , crowd the street . Brian push through they to a clear spot on the far side of the engine . two fire paramedics rush over as he lower the figure . brian be she ... be she alive ? the paramedics suddenly stop they effort . turn to Brian . paramedic I be afraid you be a little too late with this one . they step aside . Brian look down . the woman look strange . mostly because she 's a heavy store dressing dummy . the paramedics burst into laughter . Brian , look pale and shake , turn and walk away . he pass grindle and Tim , sit on the pumper 's tailboard help the real woman that be find inside . grindle sorry to hear about the mannequin . I hear you two be close . photographer have appear and be flash the woman . dizzy , Brian wander off , try to help out with the choke clog of singe factory employee before finally turn quickly into ext . factory alley - across the STREET - day where he barf he gut out in private . doubled -over , one arm on the brick wall for support , we see the raw terror . the demon rush out of he . brian shit ... someone else do too . Jennifer . dress now in a long expensive coat , she 's stand at the end of the alley with a clipboard . Brian , ash smear across a ashen face , spittle on he chin , do not notice she . stephen ( appear beside he ) you all right ? Stephen be not pale . he 's flushed and buoyant . all this have not take anything from he . it 's make he day . brian yeah . Fine . I be a little busy right now . Stephen lean against the wall . fold he arm . stephen y'know , you get a awful short memory for direct order . I tell you to stay beside I . brian -- c'mon , Stephen . stephen -- you split the team , man . and what be that crap with the standpipe ? you would think you and a hose be never introduce before . Stephen turn to leave . Brian yell after he . brian goddamn it Stephen ! stephen -- I tell you to stay next to I ! brian -- I be doin ' it ! I be up there fuck doin ' it . you do not know , man , you do not know what I do ! stephen what you do be drop the ball , probie . get that right . pengelly ( from end of alley ) hey ! stevie ! they be callin ' for ya . Stephen turn to walk away . pause . stephen Bet 30,000 dollar a year and twenty two day a month off sound pretty good twelve week ago , huh ? as Stephen leave , we see that Jennifer 's be stand at the end of the alley , listen to they . she 's turn and walk as Brian look up . we register he surprise . he watch she head toward a dynamic-look guy in he 40s , alderman swayzak , surround by reporter . ext . burned build - front - day swayzak ( to reporter ) Roger , Paul ... how 's it go , guy ? reporter another fire in this district . get to be cinder alley up here . jennifer ( walk up ) you use that last week . she hand swayzak a clipboard . axe ( yell down from window ) ( to Brian ) hey ! probie ! we be still workin ' here , man . int . burned build Brian and the rest of the company rip open the wall and beat the last weak flame in a final flurry of dingy spark . the moment the smoke clear just a fraction , cigarettes appear in everyone 's mouth . be it good for you ? the talk be easy and obscene , the intense camaraderie of share danger . ash clod be throw playfully back and forth in the afterglow of have take on the worst there be and walk away one more time . grindle ( to adcox ) Stephen man , what 's go through that guy 's head ? takin ' it on in the first room ... this shit 's happen too often . it could have flashed . should have flashed . axe but it do not . guy know . grindle guy 's lucky . adcox see Brian . smile . axe hey , baby mccaffrey . first one 's the clincher . you do okay . brian my Lt. might have something to say about that . axe ah , everybody screw up some , Brian . you be work for the toughest Lt. on the job . saw he once pick up a probie he think be move too slow and throw he into a burn building . it 's just bad luck you be family . brian ( beat ) John , when you be in there ... in the fire ... do you ever see ... stephen ( from across room , interrupt ) c'mon lady , let 's roll some hose ... brian ( to adcox ) -- never mind . Brian turn and see out the window Jennifer and swayzak stand near rimgale 's red fire dept . sedan . ext . factory - day rimgale walk up to he sedan . shadow alderman swayzak . swayzak investigator rimgale . shadow I need to get in the trunk . swayzak 's lean on it . we sense the dislike between they . swayzak step aside . rimgale pop the trunk . shadow awful expensive shoe to be wear at a fireground , alderman . but then I guess you have not be to too many fire . jennifer I want to talk to you about Alan seagrave 's death . we still have not get a fire report from you office . shadow you will have a answer as soon as I do . swayzak people be ask how a prominent taxpayer get stuff through the windshield of he own car . they be ask I . jennifer -- the point be , investigator , you have not even tell we yet if the fire be accidental . we be start to get the feel you office be drag out this case to embarrass the alderman because of he fire dept . reorganization program -- shadow -- you mean he firehouse close program , -- do not you ? jennifer we would just be very disappointed if it turn out you office be play politics . swayzak -- because I be not . I care about this city , and I care about this department -- rimgale cut he off with the shutting of he trunk lid . shadow ( calm of a monk ) alderman , I have a remarkably uncomplicate job . to decide if a fire 's arson , and if so catch the pain in the ass do it . but to be honest , if my methodical investigative method just happen to muck up the campaign of certain mayor wanna - bee , well , I guess I can not say I sleep any less peacefully . and he walk back to the burn building . swayzak I wish I could just fire the son of a bitch . stephen hey ! swayzak ! Stephen 's lean out of a upstairs window . as the tv camera turn , he drop down onto a fire engine hose bed and pop right into swayzak 's face with a murderous grin . stephen we almost lose a whole company up there , swayzee buddy . be not any back - up since you close ' 33 . and we really appreciate it , the guy and I . honest . I know you have get my vote for mayor . grindle and Santos start walk for Stephen . Brian 's there , follow after they . swayzak look Lt. , I be on you side . if there 's a problem , please , work with we task force to fix it . stephen oh yeah , you famous task force ... three guy have already die this year because of the cut make by you " task force " ... grindle stevie , c'mon man ... Stephen silence grindle with a outstretch hand . swayzak lean close , out of earshot of the camera . swayzak you see that funny glow that 's start to blink in the corner of you eye , lt ? that 's you career dissipation light -- and it just go into overtime . stephen if anybody 's light 's gonna blink , it 's yours . swayzak hold he ground . it 's a tense , out of control moment between they . rimgale turn from he work , watch Stephen with concern . adcox suddenly insert himself face - to- face with swayzak and we see the raw hatred . axe you be in firemanland now , swayzak . do yourself a favor and just walk away . swayzak hold adcox 's gaze , then turn for he car . Brian watch Jennifer climb in beside she boss . brian this be you city job ? Jennifer shrug as they pull away . int . / ext . FIRE station 17 - late day Brian jump down from the rig as it back up the driveway . across the street a middle - age woman flash they from the balcony of she apartment . axe that 's franny . she like firemen . stephen Tim , fill out the alarm card . ( to Brian ) clean the pipe pole , wipe down the ladder and hang some hose . adcox watch Brian and Tim exchange look . Tim shrug . Brian sigh and pull out the pike pole , start across the floor before freezing suddenly at a murderous growl . Brian turn and see a dog . sort of . it have the rib cage of a wild beast , fang , long greasy hair . it block he way , snarling with hate . grindle that 's the thing . you can not stay unless he like you . slobber drool out of its mouth as it growls . brian have you guy get something against dalmatian ? Brian wipe some of the crust grime from he face , look back and forth between franny and the thing , and sigh . int . FIRE station 17 - bunkroom sequence omit from original script . int . FIRE station 17 - locker room Brian enter , strip down he batter uniform , and open he locker . the mannequin from the fire spring out , leg spread . a sign tape to its mouth say : " take I brian , you're my superman ! " int . FIRE station 17 - washroom Brian and the other scrub the morning 's fire off they body in the station shower . Tim keep fill he mouth full of water and launching it upward in a stream . brian do you have to do that ? tim ( pump ) could you believe that fire ? man ! first day ! there I be , adcox and I , pullin ' that lady right out of the fire 's fuckin ' throat ! I love it here -- no surround and drow for this company . Fighting 17th ! goddamn Stephen 's amazing . you see how he take that fire by the ball ? I be gonna be that good some day , you watch . Brian compare himself to the praise heape on Stephen . tim y'know what Stephen say to I , right when all the shit be come hard ? " you never know till the moment the fire stare you down if you be just gonna do this job or be great at it " . brian ah man , be he usin ' that line now on you ? what , you think he make that little gem up ? Jesus Christ , I use to have to listen to my old man use that every morning . Brian shut off he shower and walk out . int . FIRE station 17 - bunkroom Stephen sit alone at he bunk , slowly stretch a strain and ruin back . he blow out a long , tired breath , and begin work ointment into a anciently scar and batter knee . on the wall be a small glass case full of station memorabilia through the year . there 's a two batter fire helmet there , set reverently on velvet . beside it be a photograph of he father . grinning . top of the world . he 's wear a T-shirt proudly stencile fighting 17th . Father and son exchange a long , awkward greeting . in the doorway , Brian stand watch he brother , who not even 40 , suddenly seem a old and break man . the alarm klaxon suddenly sound . Brian , just in a towel and Tim , in boxer cover with little dinosaur , dash for the fire pole . int . FIRE station 17 - apparatus floor Tim and Brian slide down and bounce off the floor . grindle -- c'mon ! c'mon ! go! go! Brian and Tim rush for they equipment . grindle grab they arm . grindle no! c'mon ! this way ! he hustle they across the apparatus floor , through a doorway , and into the kitchen . int . FIRE station 17 - kitchen / dine area the making of a meal be laid out on the counter . Brian and Tim come to a screeching halt . the rest of the station be sit calmly at the kitchen table , watch . brian what 's go on ? pengelly dinner , probies . get start . CUT to : int . FIRE station 17 - kitchen Tim and Brian , still in they boxer , set down plate of food . stephen better be good . santos or we feed you to the thing . everybody dig in . the table be a craze of half a dozen different conversation . on the tv mount above on the wall be news shot of seagrave 's body stick out of the windshield . adcox stand and tink he glass with a spoon for silence . axe gentlemen , please ... as 17 's official toastmaster -- santos and bullshitter . axe thank you , Santos . do I happen to mention that you be cut out of my will ? ( company laugh ) I think it appropriate that we recognize the two asswipe -- I mean probationary firemen -- among we who today be baptize officially into the world of Old man Fire . first to Tim , who despite be handicapped at birth with a rather dull expression and a really hideous pair of ear , not only take on the beast but pull from its clutches -- assist by a more famous and brilliant firefighter -- I -- a kick and scream civilian that will probably end up suing we for break she fingernail . ( laugh ) and to Brian , who 's own contribution be both more beautiful and less likely to sue . adcox put he arm affectionately around the mannequin , seat with honor at the head of the table . right beside the thing . axe y'know , when I hear that both mccaffrey brother be go to be assign together here , well , my heart be fill with ... a sudden desire to transfer . ( laugh ) so raise a glass , lad . to funny - look Tim , and the mccaffrey brother , who despite year of get on each other 's nerve have manage with great effort ... to still be piss off at each other . gentlemen ! company ( together , a toast ) fuck you ! the klaxon suddenly ring . two bell . the ladder guy groan and get up . stephen bye , boy . schmidt ( wink ) we will keep it warm for you . dissolve to : int . FIRE station 17 - bunkroom Dawn lighten the room as Brian slowly open he eye and see in extreme , fish - eye close - up : the thing growling at he . Brian turn the other direction and see Stephen , fully dress , stand over he bunk . stephen clean the toilet . int . apparatus floor bleary -ey , the nine firemen line up raggedly in front of they rig , dress like shit but for peak uniform cap they wear only at this moment . Stephen stand before they , do a quick glance up and down the line . stephen okay , company dismiss . -- see ya guy tonight at fitzgerald 's retirement party . they shuffle for the door . as Brian pass , stephen you want a ride ? ext . brian apartment build - morning Stephen pull up . Brian open the door . brian thanks . stephen Brian -- ( a beat that hang there ) -- see ya tonight . int . restaurant - retirement party - night that 's be clear out for a huge party in full swing . a irish folk band cut loose a merciless bagpipe beat . City brass -- include alderman swayzak -- a few reporter , firemen and they family all mix together for this be a retirement party for the Captain fitzgerald . Brian enter , seek out a beer at the bar . Stephen 's there , sway with what be clearly not he first drink of the evening . stephen hey . brian hey . cheer as a one joke gift after another be laid on the Chief . Stephen see he ex- wife , helen , dance with another man . he turn away . stephen I gotta change the view ... Santos and grindle walk up . grindle Heard you do not make the list for captain , man . I be sorry ... Stephen just shrug . Brian see Jennifer across the room . she look great . refined as she expertly work the room , schmooze and hugging and call various politico by they first name . as she speak to one , a waiter offer a drink . as she accept , a bottle appear over she shoulder and splashes it with red syrup . brian ( hold bottle , interrupt ) with grenadine , right ? jennifer when I be twenty . brian oooh , very sophisticated . have fun ? her attention break , the politico have slip away . annoy , Jennifer lead Brian aside and speak low , but angrily at he . jennifer look , I be not the same girl who have nothing better to do than wrap she leg around you on a Saturday night . this be not about fun . I be work here . brian carry swayzak 's notebook ? jennifer let I tell you something . Martin swayzak be go to be this town 's next mayor . brian yeah . swayzak . humanity 's last hope . how can you work for that guy ? jennifer why do you think marty come here tonight ? because he care about you department . you do not know how hard he work . you do not know about he program help West side -- brian -- all I know be that he program be get firemen hurt . jennifer bullshit . marty 's plan be only about efficiency . I have get two cousin on the job , you think I would work for he if I do not believe in it ? Jennifer instantly cut off as a well - dress couple pass and switch stunningly into schmmoze- mode . jennifer ( to man ) -- Tom , how nice to see you . I know marty will be very happy you come . thanks so much for the donation . ( to woman ) Marie ... how 's little Kevin ? really ? see the poll ? this be the year ... they move away . Jennifer turn to Brian and switch just as fast back to they argument . jennifer -- the thing that really make I angry be the way you union have -- Brian can not help it . he crack up . brian what be that ? oh man , you have pick up a few move since John Paul ii boulevard . jennifer yeah , well I like to think I be just a little past hang out on jp ii watch the irish pick fight and litwalk barf in the planter . brian I seem to remember some pretty good night on jp ii . Brian turn and walk away . across the room adcox be talk with another knot of firemen . he 's bring a date , sally , a hot little number that have a habit of stand on she tip -toe when she talk . sally ( look at swayzak across room ) yuck , what a scumbag . axe ( to Santos ) fuckin ' city transfer Sally three month ago out of parking violation into swayzak 's office . now I gotta pay my own goddamn ticket and she 's stick with a asshole . santos pay more ? sally ( shrug ) no , but there 's more exercise -- be chase around a desk . there 's a commotion at the other end of the bar . a group of firemen have gather around a weekly magazine . grindle aw , I do not believe this shit . schmidt somebody get a shovel ! you see this , Stephen ? as they hold it up to Stephen we see a photo spread title daring FIRE rescue . the first photo show Brian rush out of the burn building with seemingly a woman in he arm . the second photo show the back of adcox and Tim 's helmet as they administer aid to the real woman they save . the implication be it 's the same woman . brian what ? tim ( read ) " probationary fireman Brian mccaffrey , on he very first fire , show the kind of bravery and courage of a veteran firefighter when he risk life and limb to double - check a burn floor alone , emerge victoriously with Anna rodriguez , a seamstress for the North shore clothing company ... mccaffrey first gain prominence as the subject of a 1972 pulitzer Prize win photograph take at the scene of he father 's death ... " the old photo be there too . Brian and he dad 's helmet . grindle whadda we gonna do about this ? Stephen glance over the headline . stephen y'know , I think it 's a union bylaw that if a guy get in the paper -- especially if it 's bullshit -- he owe the company a drink . in fact ... ( motion to waiter ) ... I will have a double . on the hero . the other firemen jump in with drink order . dozen of they . brian ( confuse ) what 's go on ? Tim show he the magazine . Brian read with horror as alderman swayzak appear beside he . swayzak Brian mccaffrey , right ? jennifer Brian , this be my boss , alderman swayzak . ( to swayzak ) Brian 's a big fan of yours . brian yeah . Big fan . swayzak and I be a huge fan of what you do to save that woman , Brian . brian uh , I think there 's be a mistake . I do not save that woman . swayzak no need to be modest , Brian . brian no , you do not understand , I save a mannequin . swayzak -- that really be incredibly work you do . you and you brother , fight fire together , helluva image , be not it ? you must feel lucky to be assign under he command . brian every little boy 's fantasy . swayzak Brian , let I come to the point . I would like to offer you a job . brian I have a job . swayzak this one 's still with the fire department . one of we best investigator , Don rimgale , be work on a very difficult , visible case right now . we think he could use another pair of hand and you be exactly the kind of guy I want represent we : a authentic hero from a traditional firefight clan . brian yeah , we get all kind of tradition -- like die young . swayzak not every job in the fire department come with a tombstone , Brian . this could be a great opportunity to move ... beyond a fire engine . Brian look at Jennifer , then smile at swayzak . brian thanks anyway , Mr. swayzak , but fire engine sorta run in my family . Politics do not . -- a man suddenly step between they to pump swayzak 's hand . Brian shake he head and walk away . swayzak shoot a concerned glance at Jennifer . she catch up with he at the buffet table . jennifer Boy , take you all of thirty second to blow that . brian c'mon Jennifer , he 's just another North - side jag - off with a mouth . jennifer Brian , do you always have to be so stupid ? think about you future for once . brian so now you suddenly care about my future ? jennifer look , I do not mean to take a piece out of you back there , I just think you would call when you come back . you do not and ... ( beat ) do not blow it just because of this garbage between we . brian hey , sorry if I make you look bad in front of you boss . but I be not gonna be a poster boy for he , I be try to do something here . there 's five hundred smoke eater in this room that do that stuff for real every day . tell swayzak to talk to one of they . across the room , Stephen 's at the buffet , watch helen dance with she fireman date , the drink hammer he hard . pengelly aw man , how can she dance with that guy ? schmidt I hate that guy . he 's a dispatcher . I hate he voice . stephen whatever ... pengelly I mean , I know woman have gotta bang somebody , but why that son of a bitch ? Stephen give pengelly a icy , sideways look . schmidt hey stevie , he 's a asshole ... Stephen smile and push off the bar -- right for helen as she dance . stephen uh , helen , I want to talk to you a second about Sean ... helen Stephen , I be kinda busy here , can we talk about this later ? date how ya doin ' , Stephen ? stephen Jackson . Jackson steer she away but Stephen be not do yet . he dog they . stephen ( to helen ) what 's wrong with right now ? he 's you son for christ 's sake . he 's -- jackson hey , Stephen , what about that dumb ass brother of yours , huh ? stephen ... yeah ? jackson savin ' a mannequin ... how fuckin ' stupid can a guy get ? Stephen suddenly punch Jackson . stephen you can not talk about my brother like that ... helen ( sigh ) here we go ... and Stephen plows into Jackson . another fireman jump to Jackson 's aid . and Brian 's there , defend he brother , punching out a fireman . the crowd finally pull the two apart . jackson you be crazy , man ! stephen leave I alone ! axe goddamn it , Stephen , lay off ! ( Stephen calm a little ) you stupid dumbshit , you never know when to fuck quit , do you ? you ever wonder why you career 's in the fuck toilet ? why you be gonna be stick a Lt. for life ? stephen no. ( beat ) I need a drink . Stephen take a step for the bar -- then suddenly turn and jump Jackson again . Brian pull he off and drag he for the door . brian you do not need a drink , man . you need to get outta here ... as Jennifer watch Brian lead Stephen out the door . jennifer ( to swayzak ) ah that mccaffrey ... just hate leave a party with anyone leave stand ... ext . restaurant - night Brian lead Stephen toward he car . stephen I be okay ... leave I alone ... Stephen push Brian away and promptly stumble to the sidewalk . brian so you get a 'roid go with Jackson or what ? stephen Nah , he 's nothin' . it 's just sometimes ... sometimes you just gotta punch somebody out , y'know ? Brian stand there and fold he arm . stephen I do not think I can get up . Brian lend a arm . stephen look , Brian , a photographer . maybe I can get on the cover of life magazine , too . brian c'mon , let 's crawl home . ext . stephen be boat - night Stephen throw a arm over Brian 's shoulder as he lead he up onto the boat . stephen ... adcox , that guy ... they do not get it ... it be not the goddamn promotion ... or dad ... I be not my old man , y'know ? no fire 's gonna get I ... I do not give a shit about be a captain ... it 's just ... it 's just they do not trust I anymore ... ( blow out painful breath ) ... they do not trust I anymore ... int . stephen' boat Brian 's flop he brother on the bed . unty he shoe . stephen if you would get out of my fuckin ' way . I could take my own goddamn shoe off ... he clearly can not . Brian slip they off . stephen you be such a pain in the ass ... you have always be a pain in the ass ... there 's just a grim wall lamp above Stephen 's face . stephen Jesus , it 's too damn bright in here ... like a goddamn spotlight ... I be goin ' blind ... brian ( touch light ) this ? stephen yeah ... too bright ... Brian turn off the dim light . Stephen 's breathe deepen . stephen they do not know ... they do not know what I hear in there ... Brian tuck the blanket around he . stephen ... this boat could be okay , huh ?... take it out weekend ... Sean and I ... Stephen 's voice drift off into sleep . Brian watch a moment , the rare look of peace on he brother 's face , then leave . ext . FIRE academy - night Dark and still . Brian , carry a roll of hose , scale the chain link . ext . FIRE academy - exercise ground - night be a practice stand - pipe . Brian count down to himself , then rush the stand - pipe , spin off the cap with a hydrant wrench and attach the hose coupling . he do it again , over and over . ext . FIRE academy - dawn the sky 's go pink and blue as Brian climb back over the fence . adcox , come out of a do nut shop across the street , see he . dissolve to : ext . STREET - chicken accident - day a truck have jackknifed across the avenue and spill its content -- several thousand baby chick . they be scurrying everywhere as Brian 's company try to round they up . it 's hopeless as the exhaust firemen stuff handfuls of the cheeping cargo into they turn - out coat . there 's ghetto kid all around , grab at the chick , grab at the fire engine . stephen ( at kid ) hey ! knock it off ! Brian stop a beat . rub he eye . axe ( smile ) maybe you should have get more sleep last night . Brian look at he . do he mean what he think he mean ? Tim be come out of a small store across the street . he hand a small bag of grocery to adcox . tim this everything you want ? everyone grow suddenly silent . ext . widow' house - day a fireman 's without even say so , " petzold " on the mailbox , engine 17 park out front . Brian 's alone outside , clean the diesel fuel off he arm . watch a small kid play with a toy fire truck in the drive . int . widow' house Tim and Brian be load the grocery into the fridge . Stephen and grindle be fix a loose cabinet door as adcox sit caulk a faucet fitting at the kitchen table with a young woman . woman ( to Stephen ) can I help you guy at all ? stephen Nah , we just about get it . woman ( notice adcox 's shirt ) Sally must be finally irone you shirt . axe it 's just new . couple 'a shift and it will be as thrash as the rest . the sight of uniform be too much for she . her eye cloud . woman I be sorry ... adcox reach out and let she weep on he shoulder . axe it 's okay ... woman I miss he ... I just miss he , y'know ?... ext . widow' house - day adcox stand out at the fire engine smoking a cigarette , lose in himself , watch the little boy play with he toy fire truck . Stephen 's follow he out . axe this job ... this fuckin ' job sometimes ... to buy it try to go the extra yard , man , that 's one thing , but to buy it just because there be not any back -up ... it 's bullshit ... Stephen lean down close . stephen yeah , it 's bullshit . so what ? fuck swayzak . fuck them all . we do not go into fire for they . you know that . Christ , you teach I that . a beat of understanding between they . Stephen look back at the house . stephen you know knowlton pretty well ? axe yeah ... stephen ( beat ) kind of a asshole , be not he ? adcox can not help but smile . axe biggest in two battalion . stephen ( beat , smile ) we be gonna be okay , man ... int . FIRE station 17 - day as Brian and Tim scrub down the fire engine , the rest of the company lie sprawle in the station rec room watch a weepy soap . Schmidt walk through and be snare by the tv 's glow . he hesitates . share the moment . schmidt be she go to get the divorce ? santos ( sigh with honest concern ) Hell if I know , man . a ladderman , WASHINGTON , walk in with a memo . WASHINGTON hey , pengelly , you make the captain 's list ! everybody clasp pengelly on the shoulder . " Way to go " . " all right , man " . Brian turn and see Stephen out on the apparatus floor , watch . watch . pengelly 's young than he . ext . FIRE station 17 - training build / hose tower - day a expanse of concrete lie out back of the station . built in one corner be the concrete shell of a five story training building , just wide enough for a stairway and room on each level . twenty yard away , Brian , Tim and adcox stand ready beside a pile of coiled hose roll . stephen ( look at watch ) alright ... go ! Tim pick up a roll of hose , 50 pound , throw it over he shoulder and run with adcox to the foot of the building . there 's a fix standpipe that adcox tie into as Tim drag the other end inside and up a flight of stair . stephen go ! Brian lift another hose roll under he arm and run for the building . stephen that be not a football , probie . get it on you shoulder . Brian run up two flight to meet Tim and connect he end . Tim head down for another roll as Brian drag he up another two flight . it 's a bitch . sweating , he barrel back down the stair , pass Tim come up with another roll . brian have fun , fireman ? Tim flip he off . Brian laugh and sprint for another roll . stephen you be not break any record , Brian . Brian hold it under he arm and take off . Stephen grab a roll himself , hoist it to he shoulder and run alongside . stephen you shoulder . like this ! Brian lift it to he shoulder . stephen come on ! pick it up ! they come to the doorway . instead of stop , Stephen follow Brian in and run alongside up the stair . without a word speak it 's become a race between they . Brian 's face explode in sweat . his heart pound as they go up flight after flight . the hose roll weigh a 100 pound . a thousand . neck and neck all the way ; grunt , they throat burn , only one flight from the roof Stephen stumble and scrape he leg . Brian pause . Stephen 's already back on he foot . stephen run , damn you ! Brian do , Stephen already gain on he -- get ready to pass he -- when they burst gasp out onto the roof , Brian the " winner " by a nose . Stephen drop he hose roll , stick he face into Brian 's , -- and laugh . unsure , Brian start to join in . Stephen stop suddenly . stephen Roll the hose . brian what , be you kid ? by myself ? adcox and Tim , down below , have already disappear back into the station . stephen you hear I . we see now what Stephen apparently do not . he be scrape badly , he pant leg tear and leak dark circle of blood . brian what , be it the stair ? Christ , I will let you win next time . stephen ( in Brian 's face ) you get a problem with drilling , probie ? brian no , Lt. , I do not have a problem with drilling . but let 's just have one drill . not one for the company and one for I . stephen Roll the hose . Stephen turn and walk away . Brian stand there watch he in blind fury , finally explode . brian goddamn you Stephen , I be not gonna quit . you hear I ! a awkward beat between they that 's interrupt suddenly by the station alarm klaxon . Stephen smile . stephen well , thank God for fire ... ext . FIRE station 17 - hose tower - below - day sequence omit from original script . CUT to : ext . lake shore mansion - night sequence omit from original script . ext . lake shore mansion - night sequence omit from original script . int . lake shore mansion - front door sequence omit from original script . CUT to : ext . tenement build - day smoke and confusion . a mother be scream hysterically at Stephen as he jump down from the engine . mother ( grab he coat ) my baby ! my baby 's still up there ! battalion chief hang on a sec , stevie , we get a hoseline come . Stephen do not even pause and enter the building . Brian hesitates a beat , then follow . int . tenement build - day where they bomb up a staircase just as a wall of FIRE lash down , knocking they on they ass . Stephen jump to he foot with a axe as Brian struggle to get up . stephen do not take that kind of shit from it ! do not let it know you be scared ! come on ! Stephen , with just he axe , chase up the stair at the fire , hammering at the flame board . the fire retreat into another room , slamming the door shut behind it . Brian struggle up the stair . the two of they slide up on either side of the close door , Stephen cradling he axe like a swat team shotgun . the door breathes in and out and something animal scratch and snarl on the other side . Brian can feel the panic rise in he throat . that thing behind the door , that slobbering , evil thing . it want out . it want ... he . stephen ready ? brian Christ , Stephen , let 's wait for the hose team ... stephen listen to it , Brian ... jump when I say ... it will not get we . Stephen hammer the lock with he axe and kick the door open . a wall of flame roar out past they cheek , then backwash in . stephen now ! Stephen pick up the door , and use it as a shield charge into the flame . Brian try to follow but the fire well up , cut he off . he hesitates . it 's that goddamn flame again , leer at he . daring he . it buck suddenly , dropping Brian to he knee . he groans in pain . -- and now adcox and grindle be come up the stair with a hoseline washing down the room . Cloud of furious steam bellow out and across the ceiling . nobody could be alive in there . except Stephen . his entire outfit smolder , he emerge from the cloud like a fuck god , carry in one arm a gasp child . ext . tenement build - aftermath - day most of the firemen have gather together for post - fire coffee and storey . Brian sit off alone on the fire engine bumper , apart from they . Santos walk up . santos they think she 's gonna live ... Stephen walk up . sit down beside he . stephen you okay ? brian I wait ... I would have fuck wait ... stephen that 's not what it 's about , Brian . the point be there be a kid in there . and what if there would be two ? I go in because that 's what I do . it 's my way . it 's dad 's way . it be not everybody 's way . brian dad 's way ? where do he tell you that ? in a fuck seance ? stephen you say you want to know something , Brian . what do you learn today ? ( Brian do not answer ) what do you say , Brian , huh ? time to move on ? Brian linger only a moment before stand . brian you be right , Stephen ... you win ... you be the best , man ... Brian hand Stephen he helmet and walk away . int . swayzak' office - day there 's only six like it in city hall , and this one have a view . secretary's voice ( on intercom ) Brian mccaffrey on line two for Jennifer . jennifer I will take it in my office . swayzak ( turn to she and smile ) go get he . int . corridor / conference room - day Jennifer come out of swayzak 's office and walk down to she own . int . jennifer' office / int . brian apartment - day -- it 's a tiny , bleak little rat hole . she pick up the receiver ... jennifer Brian ? we see Brian in he apartment . brian I have be think about what you say the other night ... if the offer 's still on the table , I would like to talk about it . jennifer ( beat ) ... okay . I will arrange thing with you assignment captain . ( beat ) marty 's a good man , Brian . brian yeah ... Brian hang up . he stare at it a moment , then slam it against the wall . Jennifer stare at the phone with something almost like sadness . dissolve to : ext . brownstone - day Stephen drive past the burn - out brownstone that fry Alan seagrave . he park in the alley behind , walk up the building , and pull off a plywood sheet cover a blow - out window . int . brownstone - day Stephen walk through the creepy , brutalize silence . back to where rimgale have focus he investigation that night . he search the floor , the wall , look for something ... ext . arson hq / firehouse - day a crumble one in Chinatown . Brian check the address on he slip of paper . he stand there a beat , hat himself . int . FIRE station / arson hq it 's a regular station but for the rear that have be convert into arson squad office . as Brian approach the office door he can see rimgale sit at he desk . stand nervously beside it be a fresh - face , uniform probie . shadow ( to probie ) ... so stop I if I get this wrong ... the fire 's almost out ... you be upstairs on the unburn floor check for heat . you have be tell by you battalion Chief , you Captain , by I , not to do anything up there until order . but now the itch start , and all of a sudden come the glory Boy flash : hey , I be a hero . heroes do not just stand around . so on you own you decide to punch out a window for ventilation . be that before or after you notice you be stand in a lake of gasoline ? the kid be die a thousand death of humiliation . shadow you could have crisper half you company with that little stunt , but more importantly you wreck the physical evidence I use to prove it 's arson . you have make my day longer , probie . go home and think about that . the kid shuffles off hang - dog . rimgale 's angry gaze fall on Brian . brian uh , I be Brian mccaffrey . you new assistant . shadow you Dennis ' kid . ( beat ) I work alone . and rimgale walk into he office , leave Brian maroon in the doorway . stepping behind a small partition , rimgale change he shirt . Brian can just glimpse from where he stand a horrible burn that have consume most of rimgale 's stomach . rimgale catch the look . shadow be you still here ? brian get use to I , Inspector . I be not go anywhere . shadow then go find a corner . I do not want you in my way . brian I think we should get something straight here . I be assign to this office by the city . shadow look , I know you father , he have a helluva reputation on this job . but that do not mean you get any slack . swayzak send you down here , okay , I gotta eat you , that 's the rule and I get nothing to say about that . but swayzak or no , you live with I . step out of line , and I do not care who know you , I will swing the hammer . ( beat ) you think you be the first ? rimgale glance at he watch , put on he coat , and pick up a small paper bag . brian where be you go ? shadow pest control . CUT to : int . max security prison - day and the face of ronald , a unremarkable man in he 40s . unremarkable but for laser eye and two heavily bandage hand . go wide and find he sit in a institutional chair -- handcuff , actually -- in a institutional hall . a uniform guard stand nearby as Brian and rimgale come down the corridor . Ronald smile upon see rimgale . ronald shadow . shadow how ya doin ' , Ronald . stay comfortable ? ronald do not think you would make it . shadow would not miss this for the world , pal . ronald ( look at Brian ) who 's this ? shadow he work for I . ronald be he a fireman ? ( smile ) I like firemen . shadow you like everybody , Ronald . Ronald 's eye pick up Brian 's name on he prison id badge . ronald Brian mccaffrey ... ( eye light up happily ) oh this be really a treat . Brian mccaffrey . lose a dad to the animal , huh ? brian ( heating up ) hey , do I know you ? shadow you do not know he . ronald I know you . brian ( to Ronald ) what the hell be you talk about my -- rimgale silence Brian with a threaten hand . shadow knock it off . now . ronald tell he about I , shadow ? shadow Ronald here like telephone . use to tape wooden match to the bell striker and wrap it in cotton . come up with a whole little thing there , do not you Ronald ? when you get bored , what do you do ? you just start make call ... mostly day care center and retirement home , be not it ? ronald do he tell you how we finally meet ? shadow nobody care , Ronald . ronald oh , but it 's a good story , shadow . you be deprive we famous young friend here ... voice in corridor okay ... Ronald bowland ... the cop help Ronald to he foot and all four be march down the hall . ronald it be on State Street , right ?... just you basic warehouse torch for the owner . cakewalk . but the animal ... turn on I ... ' ol shadow here , he show up -- whole place be go like hell -- my hair , my hand ... could have just let the animal take I -- but shadow , he 's a good camper , so he try to pull 'ol Ronald out . guess he do not notice the tub of phosphorous next to I ... ( smile ) notice you be still a little shy about roll you sleeve up , shadow . show he you stomach yet ? int . prison - interview room - day Ronald in the hot seat before a parole board , rimgale and Brian on the sideline . man ... all right , the parole board have receive Mr. bowland 's fitness report , he id - 44 , endorsement from he section warden ... Dr. norris ? woman psychiatrist as supervise psychiatrist I would describe Mr. bowland 's progress as remarkable . take into account he disability and the six year already serve , I recommend parole . man Mr. bowland , do you regret you crime ? ronald yes . I understand now the pain I cause . man if release , will you commit this crime again ? ronald I will not . man do you consider yourself ready for society ? ronald yes . the parole board shuffles they papers . it 's a do deal . rimgale suddenly stand and approach Ronald . shadow sure Ronald ? you be ready alright . ronald absolutely . man ( surprised ) Excuse I , Mr. rimgale . shadow Excuse I . ( to Ronald ) what do you do with little girl ? a torture look come over Ronald 's face . he 's hold back . from the paper bag , rimgale suddenly toss a burn baby doll in he lap . shadow what do you do with they , Ronald ? huh ? rimgale then light a cigarette lighter in Ronald 's face . ronald ( smile ) -- burn they . shadow and old lady ? ronald -- burn they . shadow and the world -- the whole world . ronald ( smile ) -- burn it all . the parole board stare , stunne . rimgale stand . shadow see ya next year , Ronald . gotta go . ext . theatre build - day a pre-war theatre close with a sign : under renovation -- open XMAS 1991 . david benton , mid-forty , climb out of he car and walk to the entrance with some roll - up blueprint . int . theatre build - day benton walk through the vast theatre and up to a beautiful Art noveau office door : david benton , private . he go to insert he key . drop it . as he reach down , we see a tiny wisp of smoke suck back under the door . benton sniff , as if he smell something , then shrug and insert he key . it would have be a good story if he would live longer . the moment he push the door open it explode outward in a roaring fireball . dissolve to : ext . theatre build - sundown later and engine company have already knock down the building fire as Brian climb out of rimgale 's red sedan . shadow ( open trunk ) hey kid , c'mere -- at least make yourself useful . he start hand Brian handfuls of equipment case . load down , Brian follow rimgale into the building . int . theatre build Fire crew be at work in here , include engine 17 at the other end of the theatre . Brian 's surprised to see they , he eye lock briefly with Stephen 's . a engine company lo. walk up to rimgale . engine lt we be lucky with this one . could have take out the whole complex , but the explosion blow out most of the flame . good for we . ( look to body ) -- not so good for he . " him " be we previous owner , David benton , just he hand and a leg show from under the collapse door . rimgale crouch beside it . shadow turn this over . Brian do . the corpse 's key be still in the lock . so 's benton . blown with such force he seem fuse with the door . on the door 's edge rimgale notice a small patch of melt , sticky goo . with he penknife he scrape a sample and seal it in a glass vial , stand , and walk into the office . int . theatre office brian what do you want I to do with -- rimgale , now inside , silence he with a outstretch arm . shadow -- shhh . brian ( after a beat ) what be you listen to ? rimgale do not answer . his eye drift over the scorched wall as he speak softly to they . shadow you sneaky little son of a bitch ... hide and seek ... come on , tell I what I want to know ... he scratch at some soot . smile and lift a small hand recorder . shadow ( business - like into recorder ) heavy smoke stain observe in entry room . demarkation line high . Fire never get hot enough here to cook soot off . it start somewhere else ... ( walk down hall ) less soot here . more heat . ( they enter back room ) and very little soot here . ( to Brian ) get that couch out of the way . Brian pull it aside . the lower third of the wall be completely untouched by soot . shadow ( to himself ) so you be happy here . warm and cozy and in no hurry ... ( into recorder ) soot high , clean unburn wall low , indicate slow burn in thermal balance . ( to Brian ) find I some glass . brian Glass ? shadow do we have a language barrier here ? Glass . there 's some on the sill of a blow window . Brian hand a shard to rimgale , who turn it over in he palm . shadow ( into recorder ) Glass find in ignition room be in small , thin piece , indicate explosion . lack of discoloration indicate a long , slow burn . explosion must of come after a slow burn . ( shut recorder off ) you little tease ... what be you up to you little bastard , huh ? what make you that mad ? ( then , a idea ) or scared . ( switch on recorder ) it start in this room . take its time , hang out ... but the air run out . it could not breathe . so it be snuffed . but it be not dead ... still all that trap heat , lie low , wait for some sucker to open the door and give it that one gulp of air ... brian -- another backdraft . rimgale turn to the wall , a section where the plaster be severely damage . he probe with a penknife . shadow finish coat burn away ... severe spawling of rough coat ... rimgale follow the damage wall down -- down -- to a melt wall socket . shadow that 's we ignition point . dig it out . carefully . Brian chop it out from the wall . rimgale crouch down , peel back the melt faceplate and examine the wire . the copper tip be severely melt . rimgale sniff the plug . shadow ( into recorder ) temperature in this room be about 2000 degree , but copper wire in outlet be melt , which require 5000 degree . a accidental short in the plug could of create a spark of 7000 degree , hot enough to melt the wire and start a fire . brian no it could not . rimgale shut off the recorder . stare down Brian . brian I mean you would be right -- with normal wire . but that 's gauge ten in that plug -- industrial stuff . who know why they put it in here -- but it will not melt at less than 12,000 degree . and no natural spark short of lightning get that hot . ( rimgale just stare ) in another life I be in high - end electronics . rimgale open a plastic bag and put the plug inside . shadow ( into recorder ) have outlet analyze for any trace of flammable accelerant . rimgale stand and walk out . brian do not mention it . int . theatre build - night Brian follow rimgale down from the office into the vast theatre . wall hiss and spit . Brian 's surprised to see he former engine mate there , tromping and crunching they way through break glass , they flashlight like dance firefly . Tim pass by . brian hey , Tim . everybody turn at the voice and the air suddenly chill . tim ( distant ) Brian . shadow ( to Brian ) check the wall for burn pattern . and rimgale 's off to another room . Brian turn and look at the wall . it 's endless . brian ( to Tim ) so , you survive without I ? tim there 's no replacement ' cause of you boss ' cut , if that 's what you mean . if someone else go out on a injury we be really screw . brian swayzak 's not my boss . silence . Brian look over the wall . a dirty puddle separate he from it . grindle ( to Brian ) ooooh , like the tie . Love the tie . brian grindle , scrape down that wall for I , huh ? I would myself , but the tie and all , y'know ... grindle stare at he a beat , then wordlessly step into the muck and pull free a section of wall , drop it on the ground in front of Brian . Santos and grindle look at each other . santos uh , Brian , if you be lookin ' for smoke pattern , there 's some good one over here . brian yeah ? where ? grindle ( as Brian walk over ) Little to the right ... further ... further ... right behind there . hey , could you hand I that pike pole ? there 's a pike pole lean against the wall . Brian pull it aside . splash -- the pole have be support a small , sagging piece of ceiling that instantly collapse , dump twenty gallon of murky , putrid black water all over Brian 's civvy . nobody laugh . grindle sorry , maybe that be not it after all . Stephen appear around the corner . see what 's happen . stephen that 's just about enough , guy , okay ? schmidt see ya around , Brian . they leave . Brian stand there , humiliate . axe ( to Brian ) what the hell 's the matter with you , huh ? you be steppin ' in the shit again . you could have do it . you do not want this . ( the suit and tie ) wake up , kid . Brian burn with shame and anger as adcox walk away . Stephen hand Brian a towel . stephen here . dry yourself off . Brian snatch it from he . glare at he brother . stephen look , you be sorta make yourself fair game . brian thanks for the insight . stephen Brian , look -- brian just leave I alone , okay ? Brian walk away . Stephen call after he . stephen hey , bri ... rimgale 's okay . I do not get half the shit he 's talk about , but then everybody say the same thing about I . who the hell know ? int . helen' house - day helen , Stephen 's ex-wife , be sit at she kitchen when she look up suddenly at a strange sound come from the roof . ext . helen' house - roof - day on the short , sloping roof , Stephen stand hammer a shingle back into place . helen stick she head out the dormer window . helen Stephen , what be you do here ? stephen fix my roof . helen it 's not you roof anymore . he stop and toss the hammer aside . look at he watch . stephen where 's Sean ? helen he 's get piano lesson . stephen oh yeah ? how 's he do ? helen he 's go to be a fireman . stephen give up , babe . you can not fight it . believe I , my mom try ... helen ( beat ) Stephen , you gotta stop just show up on the roof like this . stephen I just want to , I do not know , not exactly apologize for the other night -- especially since I do not remember much of it -- helen -- you remember . stephen yeah ... I just think I should say , I do not know , something . helen the great communicator . stephen sorry I hit Jackson . helen he deserve it . he be bear deserve it . stephen he treat you okay ? helen okay . stephen I treat you better . helen you treat I like shit . but she smile . helen you want some coffee ? stephen coffee ? Nah , I gotta go . helen what 's wrong , Stephen ? ( look at she ) c'mon , you only beat up the roof when something 's on you mind . ( beat ) how 's Brian do ? stephen he 's out . helen I know he 's out , but how 's he do ? stephen y'know , I treat he better than any other probie I ever have . he probably hate my gut , but I do the best thing for he . I make he finally look in the mirror . helen ah Stephen , that 's what this be really about , be not it ? you always have to be right . stephen hey , I be the first one to admit when I be wrong . helen yeah ? when be the last time ? stephen in a fire ? never. ( beat ) look , I be he brother . I care about he , y'know ? he be go to get himself kill . maybe not today , maybe not in a year , but it would have happen . and I could not -- I just could not ... helen you can not keep be he father ... Stephen sigh deeply . stephen you know what I realize today ? I can not remember my dad 's face anymore . there 's picture of he stare at I everywhere I go , but the guy behind they ... he 's go ... he sigh and hop down from the roof to the driveway . stephen I will see ya around , helen . she watch he as he walk lonely up the street . int . CITY morgue - day a Lab tech , ricco , lead Brian and rimgale through the autopsy area till they come on two corpse lie side by side cover in plastic . ricco okay , Alan seagrave and Donald cosgrove ... if you say so . Brian 's stomach do a half - gainer as he 's confront by two hideously char body . ricco ... both death due to close encounter with stationary object ; office door for Mr. cosgrove , ' 89 porsche for Mr. seagrave . no non-relevant trauma . no significant blood toxicology . attitude of both trajectory consistent with explosion . Brian be discreetly avoid he gaze , whistling quietly to himself as he look over specimen jar on a shelf . ricco they run the residue you scrape from both crisper ' front door . it 's a combination of plumber 's putty and rayophene gum . burn almost completely away when you light it . shadow putty ? on both door ? ricco there 's something else kinda interesting ... ricco lift benton 's char shoulder . underneath we see some of he clothes that have melt and co-mingle with he flesh . ricco see this ? a credit card have be fry right into cosgrove 's skin about where he back pocket should have be . ricco guess he do not leave home without it . ricco erupt in a honk laugh , then switch instantly back to a business tone . ricco anyway , down here , take a look ... shadow mccaffrey , hold this for we . brian uh , I do not think that 's in my contract ... shadow I just re-wrote you contract . c'mere ... with supreme reluctance Brian pull the crisper 's head and shoulder away from the table . ricco Jesus Christ , he be not gonna try to sell you insurance , lift he . Brian gather the torso up and hoist he higher . ricco ( to rimgale ) see that patch of shirt ? we wonder about the discoloration so he run a spectro . on a lucky shot we pick up some trace of trychticholorate . nobody around here have ever hear of it . shadow trychticholorate ? alright , it 's a absorption catalyst in toxic waste accident . it 's pretty rare , they stop make it a couple 'a year ago . ricco probably get in cosgrove 's clothes in a gas state from the fire . shadow what the hell be it do in the fire ? ricco that 's you job . at that instant , cosgrove 's eye OPEN and he body sigh . Brian drop the body in shock and back away , stunne . shadow I ask you to hold he , not feel he up ... int . rimgale's car - day rimgale 's fd sedan . Brian be still wring imaginary gut off he hand . rimgale toss a open fire chem book in he lap . shadow read . brian " trychtichlorate be a binary structure -- " shadow -- go to the bottom . under heat property . brian " during heat episode of 2000 kelvin or higher , trych break down and dissipate . will consume magnesium " . shadow ever burn magnesium ? it 's so hot it take water molecule and bamm ! rimgale clap he hand next to Brian 's head , startling he . shadow Son of a bitch tear them apart just to eat the oxygen . would not take much at all to melt ten gauge wire . Problem 's burnt magnesium leave a powder trace -- unless you could find something that would eat its residue . brian trychticholorate . then swayzak can announce seagrave be a murder . rimgale look at Brian . he 's get tired of this . shadow look , it be not proof , okay ? someone may have put the chemical in the outlet , but we find it as a vapor in cosgrove 's clothes . brian and the putty around the door ? shadow even if it be use to seal the air off , that do not explain why someone would go to the trouble of a backdraft . a gun 's a helluva lot easier brian but the right guess on this be arson . shadow I do not guess . brian some people say you do not do much of anything when it come to this case . shadow I do not work for they , either . int . arson hq - day Brian 's sit at a desk . he 's finish up a huge paper clip tyrannosaurus . the phone ring . brian arson . jennifer straightest answer you department 's give I all week . we see Jennifer 's call from she office , she 's busy signing papers bring to she and okay campaign poster as she talk . brian hey . jennifer how 's it go ? brian boss and I be up to about three word a hour . jennifer ( to secretary ) Green commit to a thousand . ( to Brian ) there 's another fund -raise party tonight . marty would really like you to come . brian I do not know , I be kinda swamp here . he toss a paper airplane . jennifer I could use a date . brian yeah ? well , maybe I can fit it in ... rimgale's voice mccaffrey ! come here ! brian ( into phone ) call ya back . Brian hang up quickly and walk back into int . arson hq - another room - day rimgale 's there , crouch excitedly beside a trash can that 's lid 's be seal close . he tamp a piece of putty on the rim and back away . shadow take the top off . go ahead . take it off . Brian walk over and rip off the lid . -- instantly a tongue of flame shoot straight up past he head and blows out . brian Jesus ! rimgale 's grin like a little kid . shadow that 's it ! oh , that son of a bitch , he 's different , goddamn it ! you see what this tell we , huh ? we killer do not love fire ! brian what ? shadow ( pull out file ) I get it after we talk to Ronald . torch . want to fry the whole goddamn world . but the fire that kill that guy never really burn up much . -- the burn be all light in outlet surround by double firebreak in the wall . and he make he burn backdraft . ( [ P. 78 ] ) brian but he kill this guy . shadow but he could have kill everybody there . the firebreak keep it from spread in the wall . the backdraft blow out the flame . that 's it . that 's the reason . brian what reason ? shadow why backdraft . whoever fry seagrave and cosgrove go to a helluva lot of trouble to make sure they die by fire , but also make sure the fire blow itself out . brian that 's why the sealant on the door ... so what have we get , a torch with a conscience ? shadow no , we have a stone killer try to make a point . brian be you go public with this ? shadow no . do that and I guarantee you will scare he off . I do not want he run away . ext . party boat - night a Latin band cut loose as beautiful people mill about against a beautiful Chicago skyline . a AIR horn blow , and suddenly the skyline be moving . we be on a huge , private party boat . ext . party boat - night Brian 's lean on the boat railing watch the pass parade of rich and beautiful . across the sea of champagne and brie , he spot Jennifer talk with she boss , swayzak . he have he hand on she back . Jennifer spot Brian . she smile , detach herself and walk over . jennifer hi. brian ( eye on swayzak ) hey ... ( beat ) so be you dating you boss or what ? jennifer if you be not at least the 300th person to ask I that , I would probably be piss . ( beat , sigh ) Boy , you sure know it 's a man 's world sometimes ... brian sorry . ( beat ) be you dating anyone ? jennifer you think that 's really any of you business ? brian well , you do invite I here . jennifer marty do . ( beat , smile ) but I want you to come to . swayzak suddenly appear with he entourage . swayzak Mr. mccaffrey ... brian Nice boat . swayzak it be not mine . ( to photographer ) let 's get a picture . swayzak swing around and put he arm cheesily around Brian 's shoulder . another staffer slap a swayzak for mayor sticker to Brian 's lapel . Jennifer roll she eye to Brian . I be sorry ... snap . swayzak ( see someone else ) Larry ! ( sotto to Jennifer ) what do he do again ? swayzak lead she off in pursuit . Left alone , Brian turn to the railing , stare off at the pass city . you can hear the wind - up of a siren . and there it be now , a engine company zoom along wacker drive . something dig and kick inside of Brian as he watch it disappear . jennifer how 's the job go ? she 's appear again beside he . brian okay . jennifer Boy , rimgale 's as slow as a snail , be not he ? brian no , he 's more of a dinosaur . guy 's not a dummy , though . he 's juggling alot of ball on this one . jennifer yeah , but it do not take Albert Einstein just to figure out if this guy be kill by accident or not . brian Jesus , give he a break . there be not enough proof yet to go public . sure , we find some chemical shit we think somebody dumped in the plug to torch them , and we have maybe figure out why backdraft , but you can not rush this stuff . not ' till it 's lock . jennifer but rimgale 's probably go to come around to arson . brian in a dinosaur kinda way , yeah . bamm ! both of they look up sharply . a woman drunk out of she mind have tip over in she chair . she laugh , she fellow tablemate laugh , everybody laugh . Jennifer take Brian by the arm in the opposite direction and smile . jennifer save I . ext . party boat - night the band 's completely cut loose now . a wild percussion rhythm that have everyone on they foot dance like mad . Brian and Jennifer stomp and sweat and shake and giggle through hair crazily askew . the lakeshore be twinkle and wonderful as it slip past . the drum beat faster and harder and the only thing that be not move now be they eye -- eye lock on each other . ext . arson hq - night sweaty , flushed with the evening and a few drink , Brian and Jennifer pull up in she car . brian thanks for the invite . jennifer get anything to drink in there ? brian oh , there might be something stashed away for emergency . int . arson hq / FIRE station the regular engine company 's go to bed and the arson squad 's pack in for the night , leave the apparatus floor quiet and dim as Brian and Jennifer enter . Brian lead she back past the engine and arson sedan to the rear where rimgale have he office . as they walk Jennifer 's eye drift up to the old sculpt parapet , the press-tin ceiling . brian this be one of the oldest fire station in the city . lotta tradition lock up in here . what do you think ? jennifer homey . brian see that trap door up there ? that use to lead to the hay loft when they have horse - draw engine . it be pretty different then ... but kinda the same , y'know ? jennifer do you miss it ? ( he do not answer ) you seem like you do . brian when I come back , I know more than anything else that I want to be a fireman . jennifer then why do you quit ? brian I want to be a good one . int . arson hq - back office they walk into the back arson office . Brian poke through a few drawer , one or two shelf . finally he lift a squat , specialize fire extinguisher . the bottom have be hollow out , leave room for a fifth of bourbon . brian Old firehouse trick . he pour she a glass . Jennifer take a generous sip of she 's , turn , brushes past he and breathes , jennifer so show I you fire truck . int . arson hq - apparatus floor Brian escort Jennifer along the side of the behemoth . brian well , we specimen here be you basic standard issue piece of primary suppression equipment . this area be the pump panel , which control the rate of liquid insertion into the hose . jennifer uh huh . Brian lift a narrow , taper straight - bore nozzle . brian this be a six inch playpipe , cast bronze to keep it firm during hard flow . ( pick up another item ) this be we pipe extender , use in forward lay ... ( move on ) this be we hard suction line ... we adjustable insertion nozzle ... ( come around back of trunk ) ... and this be the hose bed . beat . the air crack between they . and be brush aside . in a instant they be all over each other . tangled lip and gulp breath . Jennifer abruptly break it off -- and look mischievously up at the hose bed , with its long curling roll of soft cotton . Brian do not remember this precise scenario be discuss at the academy , but he improvise admirably , pop up onto the hose bed and offer a gentlemanly hand to Jennifer . as they tumble into the soft fold CUT to : ext . high - rise - night engine 17 roar up , light flash , to a high-rise . as the crew jump down Tim trip and fall flat on he face . grindle Jesus Tim , if you be go to kill yourself at least wait till the fire , it 's better p.r. int . arson hq - hose bed - night Jennifer unbutton Brian 's shirt . jennifer tell I about the playpipe again ... she pull the shirt off he shoulder as we CUT to : int . high - rise - lobby - night engine 17 walk up to a frazzle security guard in the lobby . stephen where be it ? security guard do not know . there 's alarm go off on three different floor . stephen wonderful . they climb into the elevator . int . high rise - elevator - night it 's cramped on the way up with the bulky coat , helmet , hose roll , and the tangible nervousness that always go with this kind of fire . the elevator musak play 101 string version of " tie a yellow ribbon ' round the Old oak Tree " . tim how do we know if the floor 's go to be on fire ? stephen if the door open and it 's hot , do not get out . int . arson hq - hose bed Brian pull off Jennifer 's stocking . as she kick it away ... int . high - rise - upper floor - night the elevator stop . ding . the door open . no howling blaze , not even any noise , but enough hang smoke that you can not see you hand in front of you face . they fan out gingerly onto the floor , look for the fire . hide and seek in a white fog bank . everybody stop and listen . slowly , carefully , they feel they way through the haze . stephen it 's here . on cue something snake past behind the wall , whisper and whine and shiver up and over they and then be silent . grindle attaches a hoseline to the building standpipe . grindle this high - rise gig give I the creep . axe let 's wait for a back - up , Stephen . we be early on this one , it have not even break out yet . we be one short as it be with Brian go . but Stephen 's on the hunt now . obsess . stephen want to learn something ? tim yes sir ! Stephen and Tim take the lead , they axe grip like shotgun . grindle back they up with a charge hoseline . stephen adcox , go with pengelly and check the other side . axe it be not safe , man . do not go splittin ' we up . not with this one . stephen -- what the hell 's the matter with you ? you always check the other side . I have not get time for bullshit right now , okay ? we get a job here . axe let I take the lead , Stephen ... stephen goddamn it adcox ! just do you fuck job ! adcox fold . with a stricken look on he face he take he crew down the other way . Stephen and Tim slowly feel they way . crack everybody spin around in terror . nothing . something inhuman giggle down ahead of they . Stephen smile . stephen ( like a mantra ) oh , you be so very sly , but so be I ... ( to Tim ) ... listen to it ... you can tell when a wall crack which way it 's gonna jump ... you can hear the door breathe if they be hot ... Tim look confuse . he do not get it . they come to a side door . Stephen run he hand down the jam , feel for heat . then he step back , take a deep breath , and crash the door down with one axe blow . quiet inside . int . arson hq - hose bed - night Brian and Jennifer be into the rhythm now , breathe deeply . on the wall above they be frame photo of dead firemen . watch . int . high - rise - second doorway - night Stephen concentrate on the sound of the fire above he , -- then abruptly turn and crash down another door . int . arson hq - alarm klaxon goe off - night Brian and Jennifer lie in a tight embrace , enjoy the moment , the lull , as suddenly the light SNAP on and a alarm klaxon bellows . firemen be come down the pole now . jennifer what 's go on ? they frantically climb into they clothes . the firemen have not notice they as they climb aboard . they have start the engine . jennifer what be they do ? ext . arson hq - street - night and before either of they realize it , they be suddenly pull out into the street and wailing off down the block . the wind 's wild in they hair , the siren deafen , the flash red light blind staccato , and Jennifer love it . she kiss Brian fiercely , he let out a war whoop lose in the blast of air , and together they hold each other as the night scream past and ... ext . high - rise - night engine 17 pull up into the parking lot of the high-rise fire . firemen leap out of the cab and rush around behind to pull off length of hose from the bed . as the fold curl away the fireman be stunne to see a woman 's stock come out with it . with equal shock he look up and watch as a dishevel and grin Brian and Jennifer climb calmly down out of the bed . brian Excuse we . int . high - rise - tim' door - night Stephen and Tim creep along the hall . stephen ( to Tim ) lotta smoke , but it be not roll ... that mean it 's hide ... stay sleepy ... one of this door ... Tim 's come to one . stephen ( to himself ) easy ... no hurry ... you be not go anywhere ... Stephen bang down another door . stick he head in to check . a little woodpecker toy dip up and down in a glass of water . Tim ready he axe before he door , gather he courage as Stephen come out of the room he be check . see Tim lift he axe . stephen do you check the door for heat , Tim ? Tim do not hear . the axe be already up . stephen Tim ? Tim 's commit now , come hard at the door . and Stephen see it for just a instant -- small tendril of smoke edging lazily around the door -- then be suck back in . stephen Tim ! he rush for Tim as Tim 's axe smack the door and a whine behind it build and roar and howl and Tim 's all follow - through now , hit the door with he shoulder as the door explode outward , hurling tim against the opposite wall and for a instant he 's okay but he freeze in terror as a shrieking tongue of flame shoot out the doorway and grindle shout in horror and open he hose line as the flame wrap Tim like a jealous lover as adcox hear it and scream , axe oh God ! oh God no ! and Tim 's scream now too , because he helmet , he mask , he face , it 's all melting and grindle dive suicidally at the monster , blasting it with he hose as Stephen ignore the flame and put he arm around Tim as grindle douse they both , kill the flame . the monster roll wounded back into the room , into the air shaft as Tim whimper incoherently , slide down the wall as Stephen try to help but oh God you can not tell what 's face and what 's mask and helmet anymore . grindle look back where the fire come from . there 's a corpse in there , burn and lie between two door . adcox rush to Tim 's side sobbing and it 's the end , the end of the goddamn world ... ext . high - rise - night Brian and Jennifer be have the time of they life , when suddenly a group of firemen pass by rush someone on a stretcher to a ambulance and Brian see -- sweet Jesus -- it 's Tim . Jennifer turn away in horror . they load Tim into the van as adcox and grindle jump in to ride along . to hold he hand . Stephen watch the ambulance disappear out into the street . frustration and fury tear at he as he take off he coat and slam it to the ground . he kick it , kick it till he strength 's go . he turn , he wounded eye find Brian . int . high - rise - night rimgale walk down the smokey corridor . the char civilian be there , sit in the short stretch of hall between two blow door . through the haze rimgale see Stephen crouch in the interior room , pick at the debris . lose in himself . stephen hey , stevie . Stephen stand and look around the room , seemingly unaware of rimgale . he walk wordlessly straight out past he , he eye stream with tear . int . hospital - emergency room - night Brian shoulder he way through the emergency room . he pass a small alcove full of vend machine . adcox be there , sip a paper cup , lean against the machine in deep anguish . brian be he ... axe he 's alive . int . hospital icu - night further down the hall be icu . grindle and Santos be there , sit outside the room , raw and weary . grindle nod to Brian . everyone 's still stain and smudge from the fire . everyone but Brian . Brian look through a door window into the room . there , surround by doctor and physician , lie Tim . he 's be cut out of he uniform . gauze bandage everywhere . as a pair of forcep peel some away Brian glimpsis what use to be a face , now only red and brown and leaky white . he turn away . brian do they think he will pull through ? grindle they be not say . brian I should have be there . nightengale none of we should have be there , Brian . voice rise down the hall . turn to shout . it 's adcox and Stephen , tear heartbreakingly into one another . Brian can not make out the word but it 's ugly , emotional . abruptly it end and Stephen emerge from the alcove , walk toward they upset . brian you have to do it , do not you ? Stephen 's get other thing on he mind . stephen ... not now , Brian . brian have to take on another fire bare - hand , huh ? have to be fuck myth man in there instead of look out for you probie . be that what happen ? be it , Stephen ? stephen I have that fire . he do not listen ! brian he do not listen ? he be a fuck candidate ! he be you responsibility . he should not have be there in the first place , Stephen . ( beat ) you burn he . stephen fuck you . Brian grab he arm . Stephen snap and roughly push Brian , knock he against the wall . Brian come off it in a flash and be all over Stephen . they go down and it 's all thrashing and shouting now . a horrible , endless draw . grindle and Santos be in it , pull they apart , hold they up against opposite wall . both brother glare at one another , tear fill they eye . Brian shake grindle off and walk away . dissolve to : int . arson hq - brian be desk - morning Brian sit stare blankly . a newspaper drop in front of he . FIRE dept . say it's murder . rimgale stand above he . shadow go on about how the break be make through the discovery of " chemical trace " and a " behavioral link " . oh , and swayzak 's quote say the chief investigator be close in on the torch and expect a arrest " any time " . Brian 's eye wince close . shadow get you stuff and get out . int . jennifer' office - day she 's pour some coffee as Brian burst in . jennifer ( surprised ) Brian . what 's wrong ? brian you tell swayzak about we arson lead . it 's all over the fuck news . jennifer I do not know it be a secret . there be not suppose to be secret between the city and its investigator -- brian -- bullshit ! you know what I tell you be not ready for the papers -- jennifer will you please keep you voice down , there 's people -- brian -- you could have scared the son of a bitch off . we may never bust he now . all for a couple 's political point . jennifer I be do my job . brian ( grab she arm ) yeah ? and just how much of all this have be " do you job " ? jennifer ( shake it off ) let I ask you something , do you really think marty have you assign to arson because of you firefight skill ? who the hell be you kid ? I be there , remember ? I see you and you brother -- brian leave Stephen out of this -- jennifer oh yeah , he 's the real fireman . ( beat ) who be you ? just another probie work for swayzak -- brian -- I work for the city . jennifer you know what we be ask you to do . do not suddenly pull out a conscience now . the fit be not right . swayzak appear in the doorway . he look haggard , as if he have not sleep . there 's something haunt in he eye . swayzak Mr. mccaffrey ... keeping busy ? brian yeah . in fact , I just drop off a letter to the Times explain how yesterday 's arson announcement be a fabrication by you office . they love it . and you know what ? you be right , my family background in firefight give it weight . jennifer oh Brian ... Brian shoulder he way past swayzak and walk out . int . hospital - tim be room - night Brian walk up to Tim 's room . Stephen 's sit there , rag look . Inside the young probie lie wrap in tube and gauze and year of waste promise . a ekg beep , a respirator hiss , and Brian gulp down something heavy in he throat . stephen he 's gonna live . maybe not much else , but he 's gonna live ... Stephen walk away . ext . arson hq - morning as rimgale get out of he car a limousine pull up . swayzak open the rear door from inside . swayzak Inspector . shadow alderman . int . swayzak sedan - day cruise through traffic . swayzak be dishevel , unshaven , fidgety . a man who have not sleep and have a few drink before the one he 's pour now . he offer one to rimgale . shadow I usually have breakfast first . swayzak apparently do not . swayzak when be you go to catch the prick that 's do this , Don ? shadow " Don ? " swayzak do not you have any lead at all ? shadow no marty , I do not . for the first time , rimgale see real fear on swayzak 's face . shadow we still have not find a connection between the victim . swayzak Jesus , open you eye ! seagrave , cosgrove , and now holcomb -- fry in a goddamn high -rise ! shadow holcomb ? I do not know the name of that victim have even be release yet . the sedan stop back at arson hq . they would go around the block . ext . arson hq - swayzak sedan - day rimgale open the door , climb out , linger . shadow be there a connection between they , alderman ? swayzak just catch the son of a bitch . the door shut and swayzak roar away . int . arson hq - back office - day rimgale walk back into he office . he 's surprised to see Brian there work at he desk . shadow what the hell be you do here ? brian I be finish with swayzak . I will do whatever you want I to do . I just want to help catch the guy that burn Tim . you gotta give I another shot . rimgale stare at Brian , appraise he . CUT to : int . high - rise a close up of rimgale popping the molding around the door frame of holcomb 's burn office . underneath can be see trace of the same white residue from the other fire . shadow I think 'ol marty be act a little strange ... and he 's right . rimgale rub the white powder between he finger . brian backdraft ? rimgale stand at the spot in the short hall where the body lie between two door . shadow the backdraft be set somewhere in there . it fry holcomb when he open the inner door . but the outer door hold ... and wait for Tim ... Brian step into the inner office . shadow so find I the fire . Brian begin search , probing . he finally stand . defeat . shadow you be think too much of the building and not enough of the ghost . Brian 's eye do not understand . from rimgale 's coat come a plastic flask . he pour out of it a liquid onto the floor and light a match . shadow in a word , Brian , what be this job all about ? brian Fire . rimgale drop the match . wump . a small flame explode to life . shadow it 's a live thing , Brian . it breathes , it eat , and it hate . the fire 's climb a wall , chew a corner . shadow the only way to beat it be to think like it . to know that this flame will spread this way across the floor not because of the physics of flammable liquid or heat convection , but because it want to . fwump . it dart west . lick the ceiling . the fire purr and hiss . stretch luxuriously and attack savagely . shadow some guy on this job , fire own they . it make they fight on its level . but the only way to truly kill it be to love it a little , just like Ronald . Brian stare at the flame . a goblin reach out for he ... -- woosh ! rimgale hit it with a fire extinguisher . in a instant the goblin be go , the genie in the bottle . voice what the hell be you guy doin ' ? a young woman 's enter . shadow we be the fire department , lady . woman well color I stupid , I always think the fire dept . put out fire . shadow ( to woman ) you work here ? woman till yesterday . what do you think the odd be that a non-refundable ticket to Paris survive this ? brian somewhere between zero and no way . woman shit . what a mess . shadow you seem real break up about Mr. holcomb . woman Jeff holcomb ? the darth vader of tax accountant ? he be a sleezeball . hopefully a sleezeball that carry some insurance . brian go talk to the building owner . woman he be the building owner . brian we book list the owner as dekom trust . she look at he like he 's the dumbest human she 's meet all week . woman do not investigator come in adult size ? int . FIRE station 17 - outside stephen' office - day sequence omit from original script . int . FIRE station 17 - stephen' station office - day Stephen 's lie sprawle on he bunk , he hand press over he eye . there 's a voice outside the door . grindle stevie ? rimgale 's here to see you . stephen I be busy . grindle he just want to -- stephen -- I be busy goddamn it , okay ? a beat , then rimgale himself enter . stephen what , they do not knock on you planet ? rimgale take in Stephen 's room , the half empty bourbon bottle . without a word , rimgale walk over and pour it out . he sit down beside Stephen . shadow I still have not get you fire report , stevie . on Tim . a wave of pain roll through Stephen . stephen I be work on it . shadow I deal with this stuff every day . but a fireman ... you never get use to it . ( beat ) what happen up there ? he be a candidate . do he pay attention ? be he listen ? stephen ... he be not listen to the right thing ... shadow what do you listen to , Stephen ? stephen you do not know ... nobody know ... shadow I might . Stephen 's eye meet rimgale 's and hold . stephen it know we . this one know we . shadow ( beat ) I need that report , Lt. Stephen take rimgale 's notebook out of he lap , rip out a page , and write angrily in huge block letter . stephen tim-went-to-the-fire-and-now-he - do n't-have -a-face . Stephen throw the sheet at rimgale , stand , and walk out . int . hall of record a escher draw of a place , endlessly vast rack spun around a open central core . High up , lose among its row , Brian be go through rack after rack of dog -ear record book as rimgale enter down below . brian ( try to hold it together in he mind ) hey boss , dekom trust be own by Pan Illinois ... which be majority control by lakeside dynamics ... which be a division of windy City Ventures ... who 's partner be ... ( beat ) Alan seagrave , Donald cosgrove , and Jeffrey holcomb . shadow Son of a bitch . they know each other . CUT to : int . hall of record more book . file . acre of paper . brian so seagrave and holcomb be accountant ... shadow and cosgrove . copper figure he launder money for the mob before get into real estate . they be not very high on seagrave , either . brian Nice bunch of guy . shadow who all end up wear candle for face ... ( beat ) swayzak 's up to he ass in this somehow . guy can barely hold a drink in he hand , he 's so scared . a beat , then he look directly at Brian . shadow we need to get a look at he file . ext . rooftop restaurant - night sequence omit from original script . ext . lakeshore - dusk with glow skyscraper leaping up in the background , it 's a unexpectedly quiet , serene place along the lake . Jennifer sit alone at a bench , watch a ancient fisherman look for dinner , as Brian walk up . jennifer hi. brian hi. jennifer we still talk ? ( beat ) look , I be sorry about the other day -- brian swayzak know something about the guy that be murder . I want to know why he keep that hide . jennifer I do not know anything about it . brian you could check . it would be in he file . jennifer ( beat ) do you know what you be ask I to do ? brian yes . jennifer y'know , four year ago I be work in a bakery . two year ago I be bring marty coffee and he do not even know my name . I run that office now . marty believe in I and I believe in he . you want I to just throw that away ? brian you boss be lie , Jennifer . and it hang between they , two people lonely on the edge of the lake . int . brian apartment - night sequence omit from original script . int . helen' garage - night at a workbench , under a single lamp , Stephen stand amongst a confusion of tool , wire , and a wall socket . with a pair of plier , he tug at something within the socket , put the face - plate back on and screw it down . he stare at it , and we feel the sudden wave of hopelessness cascade through he . he set the socket back down -- and scatter everything aside in a single , furious move . int . helen' house - night sequence omit from original script . ext . helen' house - night Stephen 's sit quietly against helen 's back door , lose in himself . a light come on . helen open the back door . helen Stephen ? she sit down beside he . stephen I be sorry ... I ... could not sleep ... helen what 's wrong ? stephen I ... ( beat ) it use to be , when I be a kid , what mean most to I about this job be there be no if . life and death , right and wrong . when someone call the fire department , we come ... that guy do not know how much I love they ... you do not leave people hang ... cause that 's what it 's all about . it 's loyalty . it 's ' till death do we part . be not that what you hear ?... it 's you go , we go ... Cause without that , it 's the end of family , it 's the end of the fire department ... and when the fire department stop come ... that 's the end of the fuck world ... ( beat ) I be sorry I come , helen , it 's just ... it 's just there 's nobody I can talk to ... ( beat ) I miss you . the moment linger , grow heavy and grey . int . helen' house - bedroom - night Stephen and helen in bed , hold each other ... int . helen' house - kitchen - morning Morning , and Stephen dress , make egg for three . Sean 's there , lend a hand , beam as Stephen try to show he how to flip a egg . helen enter in she robe . he kiss she . stephen cook and I be almost finish here . have a seat . helen Stephen ... I ... can I talk to you a second ... Stephen muss he son 's hair and follow she out into the hall . stephen look , I be sorry I -- helen -- no , that 's okay . it 's just Sean ... stephen -- he 's gettin ' good on that egg . and y'know , he tell I he actually like the piano . helen I do not want to confuse he , Stephen . the blow 's so long and hard and deep you do not even see it . helen it 's ... it 's just thing have change ... you be the same , Stephen , but thing be different now ... you have get a son ... you be the best at what you do Stephen , you always be , but you scare I now ... just then , Sean stick he head into it . stephen ( to Sean ) hey ... sean-man , you dad blow it . I forget I have to work this morning ... sean aw dad , c'mon ... stephen next time , huh ? we will do it up big . promise . helen 's turn away . sean okay . ( then sotto ) Mom 's cry , dad . int . swayzak' office - CITY hall - morning Jennifer enter swayzak 's inner office . his chair 's turn away toward the window . jennifer ( hold print - out ) latest poll come in , marty . ( he do not answer ) marty ? finally the chair turn , revealing a haunt man . poll be far from he mind . jennifer Jesus Christ , marty , what 's go on ? swayzak leave I alone . she see a fire department file on the murder open on he desk . jennifer we have come a long way together , marty . I have stake my whole career on you . and now you be sneaking around this office , leak thing to the papers behind my back ... ( beat ) be there something you be not tell I about this death ? swayzak 's eye be dead metal . swayzak no . and he turn he chair around again . Jennifer stand there a beat . -- then turn to the filing cabinet . ext . brian apartment build - night Brian drive up and park . he 's half way to the staircase when he see someone sit in the dark in a car . brian Jennifer ? she hand he a manila envelope . brian what be -- jennifer just take it . silence . brian I be sorry . jennifer that 's a dumb thing to say . brian you be right . she start she car . jennifer Goodbye , Brian . int . FIRE department repair depot a cavernous hall full of dozen of fire truck load on jack . rimgale 's sedan 's there , the repairman shaking he head in amazement at the undercarriage . repairman what the hell do you do with this thing ? rimgale 's look through the report Brian 's hand he . shadow this be the copy of swayzak 's man report that be release . everybody on this job know it 's bullshit but we could never argue with the number . they be all airtight . brian yeah ? airtight ? he dump three more report on rimgale . brian I have get three different draft of the same report -- with different number that be all over the place . look like they be just make it up as they go along . shadow do a little check on the consulting firm that write the report . they do exactly one job -- swayzak 's manpower study . it 's not even really a company . no employee , no director , just a po box . brian then who write the report ? shadow it have to be someone who know number . some kind of fancy accountant . but what 's the connection ? Brian hand he something else . a photograph . swayzak and the other three , pose on a fishing boat , 1970 . time of they life . shadow I think it 's time Mr. swayzak and we have a little heart to heart talk . ext . swayzak' house - night the red arson sedan pull up to wealthy home . rimgale and Brian walk up and knock on the door -- it creak open ajar . they push the door open slowly . int . swayzak' house - night it 's dark as they enter . shadow hello ? swayzak ? Brian and rimgale split up down different hall . it 's the hiss Brian hear first . then the flash of a electrical socket flaring ice - cold cobalt blue . suddenly the room 's dimension be there in frantic , strobing shadow . chair , a couch -- -- and a figure that jump Brian . the light from the burn plug be a fierce strobe as the figure , a confuse shadow , crash Brian to the floor . they struggle . the figure grab Brian 's throat . Brian push he back -- against the burn wall plug . the figure shriek in pain , get he hand on a crowbar and slam Brian -- who crumple , daze . the figure stand -- just as rimgale tackle he . the figure crash across a gas space heater , snapping the connection off . the figure slam rimgale hard with the crowbar , squirm free , and stumble out the door . hissss ... rimgale climb to he foot as fire eat at the wall . a baby backdraft wag its tail . he go to a daze Brian 's side , lift he by he armpit and ext . swayzak house - night help he outside . hissss ... the rupture space heater pump gas furiously . rimgale see that . he also see a bedroom door ajar on the far side of the house . and through the door a couch . and on the couch , a body . hissss ... int . swayzak house - night rimgale rush back inside . it 's swayzak , unconscious . ext . swayzak house - night rimgale drag he out on the stoop beside Brian just as the gas whump and the door and window explode in a howling fireball , the shrapnel blowing rimgale off he foot . Brian slowly shake he head clear . he look around , try to orient himself . shadow uh ... I sorta get a problem here ... Brian climb up to he foot and walk over to where rimgale lie at a weird angle , a piece of wringht iron fence punch through he shoulder . int . hospital - emergency room - night rimgale lie in a emergency room bed . shadow well Brian , I guess you can say it 's arson now ... brian how ya feel ? rimgale grunt . brian do you pull I out ? shadow yeah . brian do I say thanks ? shadow no . brian just wonder . shadow I hate hospital . you be so ... so goddamn useless ... rimgale suddenly kick the bed frame in anger . he kick it over and over with frustration till something finally snap off . Brian wait , let 's he vent he frustration . brian so what do you want I to do ? shadow I have be lie here hour ... just think ... we be close ... ( beat ) we be not look in the right place , Brian . this one know we and we be not look in the right place ... int . prison interview room - day Brian 's sit alone in a chair . finally the opposite door open and in enter Ronald . ronald well , Mr. life magazine . come all this way just to say hi ? Brian hand he a stack of murder file . brian I be close ... but I can not get who it be ... ronald so you come to I ... ( smile ) well , this be go to be a interesting afternoon after all ... as Ronald start to read the file dissolve to : int . prison interview room - later - day Brian still sit there . watch Ronald devour the statistic . the photo of char body . Ronald finish , lean back . ronald okay , here 's the deal . I will tell you a story , you tell I one . Fair ? brian who 's do this ? ronald you first question should be who be not . it be not a spark , Brian . not enough damage . and a insurance pro ? where 's the profit margin ? brian then who -- ronald -- no no , you turn . tell I a story . brian I do not have a story . ronald sure you do . Ronald drop on the table a dog-eare copy of that 1972 life magazine with Brian on the cover . ronald famous story even . straight burn . just a engine and truck first on scene . what do you feel , Brian , when you first get there ? brian what ? ronald you gotta tell a story too , Brian . it 's fair . c'mon , do not think too hard -- brian I ... I think it be great . I love it . it be nothing to this guy ... medium deal . ronald right . Light smoke , low roll . couple 'a civilian holler -- medium deal . so young fireman adcox and Captain mccaffrey , they head up stair , get out on the fire escape -- mccaffrey do the ballsy jump across ... what be you feel , Brian ? ( Brian do not answer ) c'mon , you promise . be honest . ( Brian just stare ) okay ... Guard ! brian -- I want to be he . right then I want to be he more than anything ... ronald ( smile ) very good , Brian . -- about you report here . the way to a torch 's heart be through he tool . that 's how you know he . it 's the way he talk to the fire . and to you if you listen . brian the outlet . ronald that 's a probie answer . you be smarter than that , Brian . brian trychticholorate . ronald good . -- so we two heroes , adcox and mccaffrey , they go back inside . only there 's another fire in there nobody see . and it take you dad , do not it Brian ? do you see he burn ? in a flash , Brian suddenly reach across and grab Ronald by the collar . brian who the fuck be do this ? ronald after it take you dad ... the fire ... do it look at you Brian ? do it talk to you ?... and Ronald see something in Brian 's eye . he smile . ronald you see , we world 's be not so different ... Brian release Ronald . brian ( quiet ) who 's do this ? the arsonist smile a creepy , horrible grin . ronald think , Brian . who do not love fire , but know it better than anyone else ? who 's around trychticholorate 24 hour a day ? a cold shock roll through Brian as he slump back in he chair . brian oh Jesus Christ ... ronald not such a far walk after all , be it , Brian ? ext . stephen be boat - marina - night Brian climb up onto Stephen 's boat . nobody home . he open the cabin door , go inside and hit the light . int . stephen be boat - night there 's cereal bowl in the sink , beer bottle on the table , and a stack of fire department supplies in the corner . his whole body aching with reluctance , Brian begin look through they . solvent , armorall , a small specialty can of fire dept . chemical . there 's a label of ingredient on it . Way down at the bottom , be trychticholorate . nausea wrack its way through Brian . brian oh goddamn it Stephen ... footstep . Brian spin around in stone shock as Stephen come into the cabin . stephen hey , what be you do here ? brian just ... just want to say hello ... stephen so hello . Brian back away from the chemical . stephen well , long as you be here you can help clean up a little . I have get a guy come to look at this in a few minute . brian you be sell dad 's boat ? stephen yeah , it 's just another memory in my life right now . and I get way too many of they ... brian I really should get back . there 's ... there 's something I be suppose to do . stephen yeah ? what have you get to do ? ( beat ) look at you . look at you face . all the thing you must be think . man , you must really hate my gut . well , you know what ? it 's okay . brian look , Stephen , maybe we can talk about this some other -- stephen -- okay , so you do not like I . you do not like everything I have do . what , because I be not such a genius the way I raise you ? Jesus Christ , dad be go , what be I suppose to do ? you tell I , what the fuck be I suppose to do ?! he kick the bulkhead wall . brian it 's okay , Stephen , I -- stephen -- I try , y'know ? helen 's right . I do not have all the answer , but goddamn it , I have get some . ( beat ) look , you be gonna do what you have to , and maybe I should not have get in the way . I be you brother , not you father . go on . you gotta go somewhere ? go ... Brian turn to leave . pause . brian I see it . stephen saw what ? brian when dad die , I see another fire ... stephen everybody do . brian I see it before it get they . I try to yell , but ... he ask I to look out for he . and I do not do it . I let he die . stephen ( stunne ) ... Jesus , you be carry that around for twenty year ? for christ 's sake , you be seven year old ! you think he could have hear you in there ? brian I hate he so much sometimes , Stephen . you do not know how hard it be for I to put that uniform on ... stephen maybe I do . ( sigh ) ... what a fuckin ' mess , huh ? ( beat ) people can change Brian . brian sometimes right when you be look at they . Brian see the chemical in the corner again and something freeze up inside . Stephen catch the look and there 's horrible silence between they . brian oh God , Stephen , what 's go on with you ? stephen I do not know , Brian ... I do not know ... ext . FIRE station 17 - night Brian stand before the fire station . his brother 's and he . int . FIRE station 17 - upstair locker room Brian pry the lock off Stephen 's locker . start look through it . adcox come out of the shower with a towel on , start shave in a mirror . he do not notice Brian . adcox turn to head for he own locker and the towel slip a little . and Brian 's universe cave in . a icy claw tear out he stomach . gulping breath , he force himself to look at adcox 's back . on it be a small , rectangular burn . it 's fresh and it 's the size of a wall socket . at that moment adcox turn . the two of they stare at one another just a beat , then adcox walk past he . just then the alarm bell ring . Brian hesitates a beat , confuse , then turn and run down to int . FIRE station 17 - apparatus floor where firemen be scurrying around , suite up . Brian look frantically for Stephen , see he out back . ext . FIRE station 17 - back of station - sundown brian ( breathless ) -- Stephen , wait a minute . I gotta talk to you . it 's adcox , he 's -- stephen -- what be you do here ? brian I see adcox 's back ! I see the burn ! I put it there ! Jesus Christ , Stephen , he 's be kill people ! stephen I know . brian how do you know ? stephen I know when you come look for the chemical . look for I . brian -- what be they do there ? stephen they be for the fuck boat , Brian . grindle stick he head out the back door . grindle we gotta roll , stevie ... stephen I will be there . grindle they be waitin ' man . stephen I will be there , goddamn it ! grindle go back in . stephen ( to Brian ) anything else ? brian what be we go to do about this ? stephen I will handle it . brian we gotta go to rimgale , Stephen . stephen I be he Lt. he 's my responsibility . I will handle it . me. Stephen turn and walk toward the station . Brian 's eye go to a window just above it . there , watch he , watch the whole exchange between brother , be adcox . adcox stare at Brian a beat , then finally disappear as Brian hear the cough of diesel engine . brian oh , Christ . Stephen ... he start run for the station . int . / ext . FIRE station 17 - night -- it 's too late . adcox climb aboard just as the engine company pull out and whistle down the street . the ladder company be just ease onto the drive . Brian hesitates only a instant , then run to the equipment rack , pull off the hook he helmet , coat , boot -- and jump onto the truck as it take off in pursuit . int . / ext . engine company 17 - night as it howl down the avenue , Stephen turn around and stare at adcox sit behind . the glimmer of a understanding ... int . / ext . truck company 46 - night the ladderman look confuse see Brian sit among they . a car suddenly cut the truck company off . the driver slam the brake , pushing the truck company into a horrible skid . the back fishtail , the wheel jump the curb , bash a mailbox , and then the whole rig roll onto its side and drag to a stop . it 's tangle confusion in the rear cab . firemen , unhurt , pile atop one another . Brian slide he way out from under they and look down the street where plume of smoke rise six block away . he start run . ext . warehouse FIRE - night flame and smoke curl from a huge industrial warehouse along the river as Brian , panting , run up . he search frantically through the maze of arrive engine company , look for number 17 . there it be but nobody 's home . Brian stop a pass captain . brian where be they ? where 's 17 ? captain on the roof . Brian look up at the smoke and whirling firestorm four storey above he , feel the bile of fear in he throat , the desperation , -- and begin strapping on a air tank . ext . warehouse - night Brian , now fully suite up , climb the endless rung of a extend aerial ladder . ext . warehouse roof - night tongues of flame rocket skyward through rag hole . Black cloud drift murderously , roofing tar bubble and hiss as the roof itself groans like a comatose dinosaur , remind you the whole thing could go any minute -- and you with it . trudge alone across this alien , spongy surface , Brian look for he company . it 's almost impossible to tell anyone apart , face hide behind helmet and mask . suddenly a cloud of smoke clear and there 's two firemen near the edge , " 17 " on they helmet . brian Stephen -- the helmet look up . Stephen and adcox . facing each other . adcox cradle a axe . stephen Brian ? Brian start to move beside Stephen but adcox turn , tighten he grip on the axe , and now all the card be on the table . a hiss black cloud drift through . they be the only three people on earth . adcox 's eye be cloud with tear . axe aw man , Stephen , listen to I ... stephen -- what the fuck be you think , huh ? Burning people ? you be a fireman . axe they be kill firemen , man . when Sally show I what be in swayzak 's file ... they be my friend , I have to do it . I have to do it for the department . brian do you do it for Tim ? axe ( pain , to Stephen ) that be a accident ! Jesus Christ , why do you have to go in there so fuck early ? why do not you listen to I ! Brian and Stephen be back up against the roof edge -- sixty foot up . Far below a fireboat have begin pump a massive stream at the side of the building . axe you gotta let I finish -- brian just come down , John . just -- axe -- shut up ! you dad would fuck puke if he see how you have shit on he department ! stephen -- knock it off ! axe ( to Stephen ) -- you can not let he turn you against you friend , man -- brian -- he kill people -- axe -- you know what swayzak would do to the department if this get out ? -- brian -- Stephen , this be bullshit -- axe -- what he would do to you dad 's department ? you gotta let I finish it -- and there 's a horrible glimmer of confusion on Stephen 's face . brian you be he Lt. , Stephen ... ( beat ) be you gonna handle it ? be you Stephen ? stephen shut up ! axe ... what do you want I to do , Stephen ? talk to I . what be I suppose to do ? stephen ( beat ) there 's a fire . we have get a job here . let 's get on with it . ext . warehouse - across the roof - night the rest of the crew be totally oblivious to what 's happen through the smoke on the other side . grindle and Santos feel the roof go suddenly spongy beneath they . grindle shit ... it 's go ! clear the roof ! now ! everybody drop they equipment and run for the edge as ext . warehouse roof - brian ET . al - night Brian , Stephen and adcox react as the roof howl and groans and huge split begin racing along it . and then it go . the center section drop , and in roll wave of screeching steel , the hole spread outward ; devouring . adcox shove they aside and run for he life as the hole race for they , swallowing roof . stephen Jesus Christ Brian , run ! run goddamn it ! and Brian ball - out dash for the edge . Stephen 's make one corner , Brian desperately head for another . at the last instant -- as the howling flame bellows up to he ankle -- Brian leap off the roof -- ext . warehouse - FIRE escape - night -- and fall half a story before crashing onto a exterior fire escape . flame have cut off the fire escape two floor below , so Brian climb down as far as possible , crawl onto a ledge , kick out a window , step through , and fall . int . warehouse - elevator shaft - night blackness and emptiness , two storey of it , before he crash into a pool of water at the bottom . he 's in a freight elevator shaft , thrashing madly , drown . great sheet of water be pouring through a upper doorway and cascading down like monsoon rain . ext . warehouse - fireboat we see it 's come from the fireboat 's rush stream . int . warehouse - elevator shaft the weight of he equipment be pull Brian underwater . struggle against the insane swirl and the sheet of water still pouring down , Brian unhook he air tank . he lean back , try to float on the rise column of water . -- his coat catch on something -- yank he underwater . he struggle feverishly -- finally tear the coat off . the building groans in earnest . flaming chunks of plaster crash down around Brian , force he to duck underwater . the place be come apart . ten foot above , one of the fall chunks smack a gas main , splitting then igniting it . a white - hot jet of flame shoot from one side of the shaft to the other . Brian 's float okay , he 's float right up into the flame . Brian try to flatten himself out , to keep everything but he nose below water , but he 's still move up -- the heat become so intense he face flare and he 's ducking under water now , try to stay alive , try to decide whether to drow or burn -- -- when there 's a crash . and suddenly another door on the shaft be tear open . there 's a glint of a axe . a flashlight . it 's Stephen . Brian have about two second leave . in that time Stephen see the shut - off for the gas line mount on the wall opposite . it 's unreachable , a good twelve foot across a horizontal curtain of flame . before we can even assimilate that , Stephen 's already jump . a crazy leap over the fire . he smack the opposite wall , hit the shut -off , and fall crashing into the pool beside Brian . stephen you crazy son of a bitch , why could not you stay behind a desk where you belong ? brian " you never know till the fire stare you down if you be gonna be -- " stephen oh shut up , huh ? ( grimace ) I think I break my goddamn arm ... Brian help he stay above water . the level continue to rise , bring they finally even with a open doorway they scramble through . int . warehouse - stairway - night it lead to a stairwell that 's become a raging torrent of water spilling down it . no way . they push through to the next doorway and out onto int . warehouse - night the place be full of hundred of chemical drum . the fire have crack its way into the room as wump -- drum begin exploding , shoot upward Roman candle fountain of glitter flame . Brian help Stephen as they snake they way past sweat drum -- pressure valve hiss madly with desperation . they duck low , round a corner , int . warehouse - catwalk - night -- and walk right into a axe handle that smack Brian 's throat knocking he gasp flat on he back . it 's adcox . Stephen jump adcox and tackle he on the edge of a metal platform that extend out from the raise flooring . stephen you stupid son of a bitch ! what the fuck be you do ! axe stevie ... I ... adcox struggle against he , heaving and sobbing . stephen let it go ! goddamn it let it go ! and adcox release the axe . axe I be sorry ... I be so sorry ... Brian 's on he foot now , come toward they , when a chemical drum below explode , the shock wave buckling the platform and dropping it several foot before it hold . Brian , cut - off , be hit with a wall of debris . adcox and Stephen be flung across the platform and through the shattered railing . Stephen grab a piece of break , dangle strut and hang on with one hand . in he other hand be adcox . hanging below he , he grip loosen . brian Stephen ! Brian 's struggle to get out from under the debris . the railing Stephen 's hang onto be slick , he hand slipping along it . but he will not let go of adcox . his eye bore into he best friend 's with absolute conviction . stephen you go , we go . the tower shot of flame from below have begin to ignite adcox 's pant leg . he 's start to burn . but Stephen will not let go . wo not let go even as the flame crawl up adcox 's back . and Stephen 's hand be slip and slip and then it be not slip anymore because it 's come off . brian no ! adcox and Stephen fall . there 's a narrow catwalk half - way down . Stephen hit with a sicken crunch . adcox fall past it , down into the flame . there 's a expose I - beam run from the ruin platform out over the catwalk . Brian climb up onto it , balance across over the fire below and jump down to the catwalk where he brother lie , batter but still alive . brian you be gonna be all right , man . int . warehouse - floor - night Brian look down and across the factory floor . there , come through the doorway , be pengelly and nightengale with a hoseline . int . warehouse - night brian hey ! over here ! they start for he when another drum explode , flattening they and launching they hoseline into a crazy , thrashing arc . the flame have cut they off from the hose . Stephen see what Brian 's think . stephen wait for another hose team ... but Brian 's already move for the catwalk ladder . stephen wait for the goddamn hose team ! Brian put he foot on the outside rung of the ladder and slide down to the factory floor . he 's head for the hoseline when wham ! -- the fire cut he off . not just any fire . that same one from so many year ago . do not fuck with I , kid . I be not in the mood . nightengale 's lose he helmet and it 's lie near the flame spin slowly upside down -- just like he father 's . Brian stand there , paralyze , as the fire laugh at he . same old little kid with he finger up he ass . then something different come into Brian 's eye . brian no ... no more . there 's a pathetic little wall extinguisher mount on the pole . Brian lift it , approach the fire . you can practically hear the flame laugh at he . Brian suddenly turn and slam the neck of the extinguisher against the pole , breaking it off before heaving the cannister hissing into the flame where it explode -- a cloud of extinguisher powder that stun the flame just long enough for Brian to dash through and tackle the hose . the fire shake off the powder , rise up to kill -- just as Brian spin and hit it with the stream . -- and it 's like a howling train wreck as the two grapple with each other -- pengelly and nightengale have a open , and they be dash for the catwalk ladder up to Stephen because the fire do not care -- it only have eye for Brian now -- -- and Stephen see Brian tackle the monster , and he eye fill with tear -- -- and the fire 's push Brian -- push he with the fury of a frighten street bully -- but Brian will not give -- and now the fire 's back 's break -- it 's whimper , die . and pengelly and nightengale have climb up to Stephen now , pull he away . stephen that 's my brother ! that 's my brother goddamn it ! and the fire 's just a little gremlin now , sighing sadly as Brian step up with the hoseline . brian another time , friend . and whoosh , it 's go . ext . burned build - night Brian rush up as paramedics load he brother into a ambulance . stephen ( smile , weak ) you be such a pain in the ass ... as Brian jump in with he CUT to : int . ambulance - night paramedics swarm over Stephen as the ambulance scream through the night . Brian 's right there , hold he hand . stephen do not tell they about adcox ... do not let them ... brian I be sorry ... I be sorry I think ... I will not . his brother squeeze Brian 's hand , he eye never leave he . paramedic ( read ekg ) oh shit , give he some lidocaine , now . now . stephen ( beat ) who 's you brother ? Stephen 's ekg 's begin to falter . the other paramedic fire off a injection into he iv . paramedic his pressure 's fade -- push some adrenalin . the ekg 's become erratic . Stephen 's eye never leave brian' . brian oh man , do not you die ... do not you die ... paramedic # 2 he 's go south ... he 's gonna box damn it ... they put a ambo bag over Stephen 's face . the eye never leave brian' . brian goddamn it do not you die now ... not now ! they be breathe for he now . the ekg begin shriek . paramedic v-fib ! the paramedics begin scramble to load the defibrillator pad on Stephen 's chest . but the fireman 's eye never waver from Brian . they look into he with complete conviction , complete acceptance , and then they do not . fade to black : then , fade up to : ext . michigan ave - dawn a silent , quiet street absolutely empty of traffic . then over the crest of Chicago 's mightiest thoroughfare , creep slowly a fire engine . it 's emergency light be on but not the siren . this engine be not in a hurry today . behind come another fire engine . and another . ten , twenty , all of they creep slowly along . and behind the engine now walk firemen in they dress blue . hundred of they . walk silently in step behind two coffins load in the rear of engine 17 . Santos drive as grindle , Brian , and the man of ladder company 46 , walk behind . the silent procession pass under extend aerial ladder cross like dress sword . average people stop , take they hat off . ext . lake shore drive - the silent procession sequence omit from original script . ext . cemetery - day two coffin , lie side by side , drape in the blue and white of the Chicago flag . a single fire helmet rest atop each casket . Brian stand at attention beside helen . he hold the hand of Stephen 's son Sean , he eye cloud with tear as a fire dept . honor guard play tap . Jennifer 's there , too far away to touch . rimgale , still wear a head bandage , stand stiffly beside a brass bell and speak with a voice raw and weary . shadow in the Chicago Fire Department the alarm code 3 - 3 - 5 signifies that the company have return home to quarter . we will now ring out that code to welcome home John adcox and Stephen mccaffrey ... with a small hammer rimgale ring out 3 - 3 - 5 on the bell . the honor guard fold the flag cover Stephen 's casket and hand it to helen , who hold it to she breast as we dissolve to : ext . cemetery - day a sea of blue uniform drift across green as the funeral break up . Brian hug helen and Sean . let they go . ext . cemetery edge - day rimgale 's there , rest against he dept . sedan as Brian walk by , pause , and lean on it beside he . a beat . shadow you brother be a good man . brian yeah . shadow another couple of good man get burn up for they city ? be that how it 's go to read ? ( Brian do not answer ) you be the only one that know . brian like it never happen ... rimgale turn to walk back to he sedan . he pause . look back to Brian . shadow want to help I with something ? int . office - day a elevator open as Brian and rimgale walk quickly out , down a hall , and burst into swayzak 's office . int . swayzak' office - day the alderman 's there , give a press conference from he desk . shadow Mr. swayzak ! how ya doin ' ? swayzak ( confuse ) investigator ... rimgale sit on swayzak 's desk . swayzak I be a little busy right now -- shadow this will only take a minute . there 's two cop outside that want to ask you about this -- rimgale drop the man report on swayzak 's desk . shadow this be just a guess of course , but I think they be gonna want to know why you secretly pay Donald cosgrove , Jeffrey holcomb and Alan seagrave to create a phony manpower study . ( to camera ) you guy will wait , right ? the room explode with question . through the din Brian lean over the desk very close to swayzak . brian see that glow flash in the corner of you eye ? that 's you career dissipation light . and it just go into high gear . Brian turn and push he way out . at the door he pause and look back at rimgale . the investigator nod and smile just a little ... int . swayzak' office corridor as Brian walk down it , rimgale appear and call to he . shadow -- Brian . Brian hesitates . shadow do not keep look over you shoulder for the ghost . it 's go now . and there 's just a beat between the investigator and he probie before Brian nod and walk away . ext . swayzak office corridor Brian walk down the hall . he pass Jennifer 's small office . she 's in there , surround by pack box . brian I think you boss be go to need some spin control . jennifer I quit two day ago , Brian . brian ( beat ) what will you do ? jennifer I do not have the slight idea ... brian I will see ya around , huh ? jennifer it 's a small town . dissolve to : ext . FIRE station 17 - CITY and morning break across the avenue and up against the tired brick of firehouse 17 . int . FIRE station 17 - locker room Brian sit stare into he locker , lose in think , he equipment stack up on the bench beside he . the alarm klaxon sound int . FIRE station 17 - apparatus floor and firemen scurrying to they equipment on the apparatus floor . they be climb aboard they rig now and the pumper 's diesel be cough to life . at the last moment , as it begin to pull out , Brian come slide down the pole in he turn - out gear , bounce off the floor , and climb aboard as the engine whistle away . int . engine 17 - cab there 's a new fireman beside he on the bench . he can not get he coat buckle right . Brian lean over do it for he . brian you be do it wrong . ext . FIRE engine 17 - STREET - day and the fire engine slip away from we , down the avenue , into the city as we fade to black the end