bad country ( aka whiskey BAY ) written by Jonathan hirschbein may 2012 text over black : " before all else , be armed " - niccolo machiavelli fade in : landsccape a rusted chevy El camino drive against dissolve Louisiana landscape - broad , barren , pound by the rain . I /e. EL camino , traveling - dusk occasional oncoming headlight illuminate the driver 's face : tense , course feature , thick beard ... he 's bud carter , 31 . a interstate sign pass on the right : " whiskey BAY " Bud pull onto a dirt road , into a trailer park and stop . int . double - wide trailer - dusk title in : denham Springs , Louisiana . 1983 . we be stare at three sack of sample unmounted emerald , set on a filthy counter . southern man' voice o.s. now this here be brazilian , from bahia . deep cut . damn good . this be India , paler , but also good . and this be Columbia . from they limestone cave up in muzo . widen to reveal nady grace , 35 . a tattooe man with thinning hair , lead Bud through the sale ... grace now they first two , you gonna get you money 's worth . ( be : columbia emerald ) this one here 's more expensive , but that 's ' cause there be not a nigger flaw in one of them . they hard as steel and emerald green as emerald green fuckin ' come . lookit that . bud that 's nice . grace that 's the real mccoy . that 's what that be . bud tell you what ... bag them all . the market 's get a hard - on for this shit . grace I hear that . ( across the room ) Jake , get on it . across the room be two other man -- jake and doug . ex - con at a table , riffing through Bud 's cash . a curtain yank back and ray wheeler , 29 , enter . dope-thin , bloodshot eye . he look at Bud . Bud look at he ... Ray click on the tv and open a beer . tv in : even news . the storm outside alter the reception . newscaster ... and today , thirty - one year old Gary plauche plead innocent by reason of insanity , to charge of second - degree murder in the slay of accuse sex offender , Jeffrey doucett . Bud watch Ray empty a gram of coke onto the bar . use a credit card , Ray start chopping line . the SOUND continue throughout the scene ... newscaster ( tv ) ... District Court judge Frank salia , schedule the trial one year to the day after doucett be first arrest . Grace heft a lock box to the counter , remove a drawer of emerald . Bud sees pack carelessly underneath , uncut diamond . bud what do you get there ? diamond ? grace that 's thirty grand . out the door . you interested ? bud ai not get the scratch right now . but I be interested . and the volume of the tv now become more apparent ... newscaster o.s. ... as a result of numerous threat make week ago , tight security surround the courthouse . however , miss from today 's hearing , be the arrest officer . Bud have be tuning out the tv distraction ... until that last statement . he sneak a look . newscaster from East baton rouge sheriff 's office ... a wave of static scramble the picture . when it clear ... newscaster o.s. ... Police Lieutenant , Bud Carter . Bud be stunne . he own face appear on the screen . a young photo of Bud , clean shaven - dressed in police uniform . ext . trailer park - same rain pour . a beat -up plumber' van be park in the distance . int . grace's trailer - same tv in : signal waver . it 's archive footage of baton rouge Airport . a prisoner , jeffrey doucett , escort by police . newscaster doucett be be extradite to baton rouge . Ray do a line of coke , keep chopping . watch the tv . Grace be bag emerald . Jake and Doug count cash . Bud keep the tv in sight . Quick glance . mind racing . tv in : the procession move past a row of pay phone . at one phone , a discreet figure , gary plauche , turn ... newscaster the victim 's father , Gary plauche , stand wait at the terminal . as doucett walk by , plauche turn , raise a handgun ... and fire . Bud 's vision be suddenly obscure when Grace step forward with the emerald in a satchel . grace here you go . Fifteen three - karat blue . Wholesale . twenty large . sudden gunshot and scream on the tv . everyone turn ... tv in : Jeffrey doucett lie dead as police wrestle Gary plauche to the ground amid chaos . newscaster Lieutenant Carter be unavailable for comment . tight on ray' eye , intense , watch the footage . as Bud stuff the satchel in he coat , we see what Ray see ... tv in : Bud , police badge around he neck , arrest plauche . on ray , slow burn realization as he look from the tv to Bud . and again . eye lock , they both know . ray motherfucker , he 's a cop . Bud yank a .45 . and everything happen at once . a sudden gunshot and Jake fire again . Wood splinter as Bud fire back . Jake be hit in the throat . a second shot in the forehead - he slam against the window , crack it ... int . plumber be van - same among surveillance equipment , sit Bud 's crew : todd shepard , david marandino and dale cobb . gunshot echo . shepard fuck ! go! go! marandino , behind the wheel , slam he foot on the gas . int . grace's trailer - same a shot zip across Bud 's back ; he spin off the table . on he knee , Doug be fire a .32 . blam blam blam blam . Bud fire a burst through Doug 's chest , drop he . a hole explode beside Bud 's head -- Grace firing a .45 -- as Ray scream and run out the door . ext . trailer park , van - same marandino wind through gear , as Ray hit the yard run ... Pov through the windshield : marandino swing the wheel hard , slam into ray -- launching he through trash bin , into the mud . cobb jump from the van and pound Ray into handcuffs . simultaneously , shepard sprint for the trailer door ... ext . grace's trailer park - same Grace explode from the back door , bolt across the yard . I /e. grace's trailer - same Bud scramble on the floor of the demolish trailer . . 45 hold tight , he run out after Grace . across the yard the chase rage . moving with grace as he jump a link fence , land and trip into a roll of chicken wire . his sleeve catch , rip as he pull free ... moving with bud at a searing pace . he slip in the mud . stagger up . sees Grace disappear in the shadow . Grace throw himself against the side of a power unit . eye darting . wheezing hard ... tries to slow he breath . then turn the corner ... grace's Pov : a shovel swing from around the corner , wham !!! the blow send Grace sailing back . he slam on the ground , with a blood - cover break face . as he try to get up ... Bud 's gun be there . and like that , it stop . int . southdown be bar - after hour at a table , the metro squad : Bud , shepard , marandino , cobb be drink . a bartender ( sherry ) be wiping down glass ... cobb think I break a knuckle on that guy 's tooth . shepard he only have one tooth . cobb well I get it , do not I ? marandino ( to the bartender ) another round , sherry . sherry comin ' up . Bud blow smoke , distant from the other . marandino Bud , we all suppose to be celebratin' . ' be workin ' this case for month . and you be not say shit . bud they have a lot of weight . too much . cobb it 's a ring . organize burglary . bud you see they guy . you think that half ass crew be organize ? marandino ( laugh ) they shit they pants in unison . cobb what be you gettin ' after , Bud ? shepard you think it be someone else 's score . sherry arrive with shot of whiskey , move on . bud I think its a part of something ' bigger . Bud take he shot . bud tomorrow morning we put we friend under the lamp . if they know this " someone else " , we will know he too . ext . east baton rouge parish jail - establish - next day a dark , stone monolith off the 110 highway . int . observation room , east baton rouge parish jail - day Bud smoke , stand with shepard in semi-darkness . they be look through a two - way mirror into a interrogation room , where cobb interview Ray wheeler . ray I tell you ... I keep tellin ' you ... I do not know nothin' . that 's it . cobb that 's not it . we have be here all morning . we will stay here all night . Bud pace to a neighbor interrogation room where marandino be question Grace ( bruise face , swollen , break nose ) . marandino the stone you be fencin ' belong to a amsec wall safe in " Kay 's jeweler " . the rest from a vault in bocage . both owner can verify they belonging , and have . ( beat ) who you fencin ' for ? grace man , I be not sayin ' fuckin ' shit . marandino then you name 's on a dozen other job , just like it . grace that 's bullshit . marandino no , that 's a promise . Bud , sip coffee , pace back to Ray 's interview ... cobb we get a series of burglary in the area . all over the last six month . all still open . you do not talk , it 's on you . ray well I be not get nothin ' to do with that . cobb any idea who do ? ray no ! okay ? fuck no . Bud set down he coffee , calm . int . grace's interrogation room marandino sit across from Grace , clearly frustrated . marandino ... answer the question . grace ( explode ) man fuck this ! and fuck you ! y'all crew be just faggot in matching jacket ! the door blast open . Bud charge in , throw Grace against the wall , then slam he face onto the table , push down . bud try this . I know you be too fuckin ' dumb to be any more than a courier . I know you be coverin ' for someone else . now tell I who that someone be ! grace I be not a rat ! bud you ain 't a rat ?! Bud twist he break nose . Grace scream . marandino easy , Bud . go easy . grace ( to marandino ) stop this shit ! stop he ! marandino put a hand on Bud 's shoulder ; Bud shove he off . bud lock the door ! marandino lock it . Bud turn Grace 's nose even harder , nearly rip it off he face . bud I will teach you what commitment be ... I will throw you in a eight by nine and have you fuck in the ass by every inmate in the state of Louisiana -- and that's the rest of you life ! Grace , spitting blood now . choke . Bud twist . bone crack . bud give I a name ! grace ( hack ) he 's from whiskey Bay --! bud -- give I a name !! ext . clayton STREET - night raining . a unmark chevy be stake down the block from a tract home . bud v.o. jesse wheeler . thirty-one . int . chevy - night Bud 's in the front seat , look through a file . shepard at the wheel . coffee cup and junk food litter the dash . bud two tour in ' nam . ' 69 and ' 71 . he 's a jump marine . weapon train , explosive . ( turn the page ) Seven and a half out of a twelve year stint for federal robbery . two in angola . a year in dequincy . Three in El reno with a transfer to lewisburg . then marion with a brief stopover in Leavenworth . released from Oxford , 1981 . shepard jacket 's the size of the bible . through the windshield , across the street , a tract home they be watch . bud his stay at marion , they keep he in " h " block . shepard h block ? that 's home to forty top murder one inmate ... bud yeah , life sentence . jesse only have twelve year . Bud like it . bud he be not just woodwork . dissolve to : night pass and the dawn arrive ... ext . wheeler' house - dawn Front door open and the shadowy figure of jesse wheeler , whose face we can not see , emerge . shepard ( waking Bud ) target 's out . jesse fire up he ' 74 batter green pick - up truck . he back from the driveway and proceed down the street . bud ( into radio ) alright . give he room . Bud 's car start and we move off with they ... bud ( into radio ) we be mobile . ext . street - minute later in the rain , Bud and shepard tail jesse from a distance . they pass a alley where a wait buick fall in behind the chevy ; marandino and cobb be inside . int . chevy - continuous - through the windshield : we see the truck slow , angle into a texaco station . shepard he 's turnin ' off . bud let 's take he in the car . ( into radio ) wait will he 's stop . watch you background . int . jesse's pick up - moment later jesse stop at a pump . suddenly , Bud appear at the window and jam a shotgun against jesse 's head . bud do not move . you motherfuck , I will blow you head clean off . reflecting in the side-view : Bud 's badge swing from he neck . jesse 's eye resign to relief . Bud sees this ... bud shut the car off slowly . with several law enforcement shotgun now levele at he from all direction , jesse turn off he engine . CUT to : ext . jesse wheeler' house - morning Bud , shepard , cobb and marandino , vest and shotgun , move in unison around the house . Bud and cobb stay to the shadow , down a side yard ... shepard , marandino reach the front door . lock . a tv play quietly inside . no one in the window . shepard signal to marandino ... int . jesse wheeler' house the front door be kicked down . shepard and marandino spill in , gun ready ... shepard police ! warrant ! a pregnant woman in the kitchen ... lynn wheeler , 30 . she scream , curse . hurling dirty dish fly like frisbee . lynn get out ! get the fuck out of my house ! marandino ma 'am , calm down ! calm down ! shepard we got a warrant ! lynn ( more dish ) fuck you ! fuck you ! Lynn suddenly gasp agitatedly , sink to the floor . a gush of fluid soak through she dress . lynn help ... my baby ... my baby ... Bud and cobb enter from a back door , hurry towards Lynn . Bud lower Lynn to the floor . bud ( to cobb ) call a ambulance ! now ! bedroom - time CUT a door slam open to reveal ... a nazi iron eagle battle flag . draped across the far wall . window tape over . wall paint black . military surplus on every shelf and surface . helmet . uniform . body armor . bayonet . Bud in the doorway . shepard join he . bud toss everything . smash CUT to : several cop ( now on scene ) ransack the house . ripping open cabinet , drawer , toss everything to the floor ... garage cobb flip a switch . a lamp illuminate a workbench . cobb alright , I want everything seize ! cabinet , locker and tool box slam open . cop stop cold , blow away by what they see : gun . everywhere . live room cop # 1 feel behind a couch . he find a .38 , then a colt . 25 below a chair cushion . bathroom cop # 2 remove the toilet 's basin cover . with a pen , he remove a drip .357 . kitchen several state troopers lead jesse in , cuff he to a table . attic floor peel back . flashlight illuminate : ammunition box . assault rifle . grenade . bond and counterfeit plate . marandino motherfucker 's get a general store . live room cop talk excitedly over one another . shepard lean over a mount a.c . he find a string and very slowly pull up a ziploc bag fill with diamond . shepard God damn ... there 's some weight . kitchen Bud take a seat at the table ... for the first time , we get a good look at jesse wheeler : cold eye . handlebar mustache . cover in tat . with a boilermaker 's build , he look what he be ... dangerous . bud I be detective Lieutenant Bud Carter , of the East baton rouge Parish precinct . ( smile ) so how you like baton rouge ? jesse 's stare drift to Bud . it 's deadly . cabinet slam open and close . dish hit the floor . jesse what happen to my wife ? bud Water break . she 's en route to the hospital . cop # 3 be search the refrigerator . jesse watch as if he 's see something we have not ... cop # 3 move on ... jesse see Bud 's eye . they connect with he own ... Bud open the fridge . he scan condiment then stop . from inside a bag of hot dog bun , several seal vial . bud this be new . Bud examine a vial 's label : " cyanide . " bud what 's the cyanide for , jesse ? jesse extracting impurity . Bud , right with he , grin . bud impurity from what ? jesse , calm . deadpan . bud you be in a bad situation here , pal . jesse I will make bond . Bud look in jesse 's eye and believe it . bedroom shepard , search the room . drawer , cabinet . then lean down to peer under the bed ... ... stop , stunne when he sees : a row of live goex charge in pack , boldly mark : explosive shepard ( top of he lung ) out ! everyone out ! get the fuck out ! int . captain office , east baton rouge parish precinct - day mike braddock ( 40s ) , Captain of detective , enter he office . Bud tow , carry file . braddock what more do you want ? you get a two time felon on multiple count . you get robbery , b&amp ; E , you get a all - you- can - eat felony fuckin ' possession . all on top of a organize burglary ring . intercut : int . processing room , east baton rouge parish prison - day on a camera flash . mug shot of jesse 's front and profile . braddock v.o. the man 's in custody , Bud . fucked for life . it 's finish . jesse 's ink finger be roll onto a exemplar sheet . int . captain office , east baton rouge parish precinct - day bud there 's more , I know it . Bud slap a file on braddock 's desk , to a crime scene photo : a asian judge sit dead in the front seat of he car . bud remember he ? ten month ago , a judge get pop with a .357 . well I get a ruger from wheeler 's toilet and rush it through ballistic . braddock and ? bud it 's a solid match ! Dead on . braddock there 's a dozen way wheeler could have get that burner . it do not prove a thing . bud ( drop another file ) a stack of bond take from the home of a Baptist Minister ... the crime photo : a black minister and wife shot in bed . bud murdered . he and he wife . look like a robbery go to shit then ; I want it open back up . int . ante room , east baton rouge parish prison - day a nude jesse step before a doctor and get a cursory exam . bud v.o. I still get test pend . more gun . more case . this guy be not crazy , Mike . he 's a ticket to something ' big . somethin ' happen now . int . captain office , east baton rouge parish precinct - day meanwhile ... braddock so who 's backin ' he ? bud I do not know ; I do know they will post he bond . that 's why I need a price they can not come up with overnight . braddock listen . Bud keep it on track ... bud I be right about this , Mike . ( lean close ) when a guy 's lookin ' at two hundred year and he be not upset ... it 's like when you wife be accuse you of fuckin ' the neighbor , but she do not know you be fuckin ' she sister too . you be pretty calm about it , right ? braddock smile slightly . bud it 's ' cause we hit the wrong nerve . the gun , the other shit , the time ... he can have that conversation . and he be . and he be not upset . he 's makin ' eye contact , ' cause we be fallin ' short . ( the bottom line ) this guy know thing . he know where body be . braddock , think ; then -- braddock I will bounce it up to the d.a. Bud grin , slam he hand on the desk . int . holding area , east baton rouge parish prison - dusk two guard escort jesse . he 's bound in chain , orange scrub . int . holding cell end of the hall . a black prisoner wait , arm sling over the crossbar with a cigarette . jesse be bring forth . a Guard unlock the cell . the Black prisoner step back , join two other : all black , loom in the darkness . jesse step in . Guards unlock he shackle . chain hit the floor . behind he , the bar slam home . silence ... long , drawn silence . then : jesse my name be jesse wheeler ... I be now in charge of this cell . any y'all do not like it , step you black ass forward , line up . a moment . cue by jesse 's challenge , each of the prisoner slowly rise , vehemently approach ... CUT abrupt to : int . bud be house - night and the phone ring ... bud ( answer ) yeah ... male voice ( over ) Bud ? Charlie bower . widen . Bud 's house be sparsely furnish . book on firearm and police work in stack . as he reach for a file ... bud ( into phone ) Charlie ... you have a inmate in ' 75 , name jesse wheeler . intercut : int . office , marion penitentiary , illinois - night charlie bower , on a official phone . at jesse 's name , he 's dead quiet ... bud Charlie , you there ? charlie what 's you interest in this guy , Bud ? bud well , we get he on weapon and burglary . but I get a feelin ' there 's more . charlie damn straight , a lot more . Race riot . smuggle . extorting a guard . I have a few run-in with he myself . bud what else ? int . bedroom , bud be house - pre dawn Bud lie in bed , wide awake . the phone conversation carry over ... charlie v.o. you could say this be where he peak . kitchen - dawn coffee pour into a mug . then a shot of irish whiskey . charlie v.o. he 's a white supremacist . the worst kind , if there be one . Bud , dress now . the table be cover with various report and photo from jesse 's file . bud eye guide we through ... charlie v.o. come in on armed robbery and assault ... Bud pick up a photo : jesse 's angola mug shot , age 23 . charlie v.o. but word in the system say , he 's a contract killer for the Aryan Brotherhood . photo of jesse 's tattoo : SUN - wheel on the shoulder ; hell hound around the biceps , thor's elapid cover he back . charlie v.o. in here , the guy become a organizer ... int . bud be car , traveling - morning Bud 's face go in and out of light and shadow . charlie v.o. control hit and movement inside the system . prison to prison . State to state . int . lower floor , east baton rouge parish prison - morning Bud be walk with murphy , captain of the guard ... charlie v.o. between the Aryan Brotherhood and Neo Nazis , he unify the front ... Bud and Murphy descend step to a grim corridor . charlie v.o. all they prison gang in the world ... Black panther , mexican mafia , forget it . the ab be deadly as it get . and jesse wheeler be they ring leader . the phone conversation fade out ... presently : bud so what the fuck happen ? murphy Processing be not open till morning . we throw he in hold last night . ' fore we even turn around , it 's like we be back in the fuckin' alamo . bud he attack the guard ? murphy Guards be fine . but he take on three nigger like they steal from he . Murphy stop outside a solid steel door . murphy I will tell you something ' , Bud . after it happen , we block be the quietest it would ever be . wish we have ten just like he . bud open the door . int . isolation cell - continuous Bud enter . Murphy shut the door and a series of lock bolt . we be in a stone closet . no bed or sink . no light . bud Heard you refuse a public defender . jesse 's bruise face move through shadow . bud at the gas station ... when you be arrest , I put a gun to you head . you expect someone else . jesse you do not look like cop . bud and you house ? gun . mass supply tell I , intent to sell . cyanide in the fridge , explosive ... tell I you be scared . jesse 's eye emerge from the dark . Bud , look right at he . bud I know who you be . jesse if you know that much , you would not be in here alone . Bud smile and walk to the door . bud one more thing , pal . I see the judge this morning . ( grin ) there be no bond . hold on jesse . Bud bang on the door . lock unlatch . the door open and Bud step calmly out to the hall ... the door shut with a boom , lock jesse in . and the nail in the coffin resonate . dissolve to : ext . greyhound station - late night dim and desolate . int . lobby , greyhound station - late night Grace busy a ticket , cross the lobby to the men' room . int . men' room Grace at the sink . he pat run water on he damage face and straighten the bandage . a toilet flush the stall door open and a man emerge . lean and fierce , like a electric charge ... catfish stanton , 30 . Grace freeze at the sight of catfish , tightening he belt . let the water run ... catfish Grace ? that you ? grace hey there , catfish ... catfish step close , reach a hand to Grace 's face . catfish ' the hell happen ? Grace flinch . catfish pause , then sniff he hand . catfish ( smile ) oh ... Excuse I . catfish step to the sink . begins wash he hand . catfish so where you off to ? grace goin ' to visit my mother . she 's real sick . catfish that 's too bad . so you will be go a long time then . grace yeah ... another man suddenly enter . large and impose , neck tattoo ... buzz mckinnon , 32 . grace ( swallow hard ) buzz . catfish turn off the water . the bathroom be suffocated with silence . grace what can I do y'all for ? catfish how come the wheeler brother , be lock up ? and you be not ? grace wheeler brother be lock up ? I do not know nothin ' about that . catfish grins . it 's harsh . blood curdle . catfish I hear different . grace well there be not no " different " to hear , catfish . ' Cause I be not talk to neither of them . catfish but you do talk to someone . buzz move . Grace turn to look ... ... in a blink , catfish 's gun come up : one quick pop . a .45 with a thick , barrel silencer . the mirror shatter . Grace 's knee hit the floor . his head hit the sink , hold . as blood run from one small hole . catfish straighten up in the next mirror . tuck he shirt . Grace 's body sag to the floor . catfish and buzz walk out . int . east baton rouge parish prison - day loud buzzer . two guard # 1 and # 2 march jesse down the tier . on he leave , prisoner in cell , turn , stare and whisper . jesse arrive at a cell . guard # 1 ( call out ) open ninety -six ! bar slide back . jesse walk in . his cell-mate step cautiously from the shadow ... it's ray . pale and nervous . jesse stand over he . the brother ' eye connect . and there 's a moment ... CUT to : ext . exercise yard , east baton rouge parish prison - day High stone wall top with concertina wire . loom guard tower . thick fog blanket the yard fill with convict . jesse take hold of a metal bar , lift it from a bench press . he do two rep . the weight bang down and jesse sit up . ray o.s. this place be bad ... Ray add weight to the already excessive amount . he sweat as he talk nervously over jesse 's shoulder ... ray there 's eye everywhere . like I get a sign on my back , jesse , they all think I talk . jesse scan numerous white con watch the wheeler brother . ray just the other day ... some spic fish get hit with a weight . ten other con , they beat he and stab he till there be not nothin ' leave . and the guard let it happen . Ray fasten the safety collar and jesse lean back . ray his brain be on the wall , jesse . like somebody paint them . jesse do another set . weight bang down . he slowly sit up . jesse they come at you ? ray not yet ... but it 's in the mail . I can feel it fuckin ' come . Ray shoot a look at a group of aryan brother across the yard . czapp , they " leader , " and roach . jesse turn . czapp look at he . eye meet . jesse lean back . the press shake as jesse do a last set . his red strain face as the bar land with a crash . int . yard corridor , east baton rouge parish prison - day , later a long line of prisoner be filing back through the gate . Ray , behind jesse . say low : ray hey , jesse ... ( silence ) sorry I put you back here . I never mean -- jesse ( turn ) " sorry " , Raymond ...? you be not sorry . ( pause ) I take you into my home . I try to clean you up . and you steal from I ...? you take my fuckin ' diamond ? ( dead to rights ) ' Cause of you , I miss the birth of my son . Ray swallow hard . nothing he can say . int . metro office , east baton rouge parish precinct - day close on numerous file of aryan gang member . arrest sheet , paperwork and photo . bud o.s. alright , let 's work this ... ( beat ) in prison , wheeler be credit for the expansion of the Brotherhood . when Federal split up member , they have to reorganize . so they tattooe they blood type and serial number on one another . cobb o.s. recede and multiply . bud o.s. exactly ... reveal now Bud and shepard with cobb and marandino around a table , use as a convert eat area . bud put them in prison , they get stronger . everywhere you send one , they recruit in number . within five year , they number be over ten thousand . marandino wheeler direct all that , huh ? shepard be flipping through a wear , thick file . bud what do you get there , Shep ' ? shepard interpol wire we file on three know Aryan leader in the state of Louisiana : Edgar bingham . harold Kay . and this man ... lucian Adams . he open the file , revealing mugshot of lucian adam , 51 . Dark eye . sharp , gun metal feature . shepard High priest of the Aryan National Party . his " ministry " of Christian Identity and paramilitary order have stand for over a decade . check this out ... shepard pull a old , fade surveillance photo : ( Long shot ) lucian talk to a young jesse outside a compound . shepard wheeler be just seventeen when he meet lucian at the patriotic Congress . marandino no shit . shepard today , lucian 's one hell of a entrepreneur . own surplus store . demolition . a piping business . get truck runnin ' all across the God damn country . Bud 's be quiet ; say now : bud stay focus . get back to wheeler ... I need a angle . cobb for what ? if wheeler ever flip , news would spread like wildfire . the ab 's gonna know about it . they would gonna know about it nationally . ( be : he coffee ) pass the sugar . marandino do . bud that 's if he be a surface informant . I do not want he to testify . I want to keep he on the street . ( to the group ) look , this guy 's be in it a long time . he 's up to he elbow ; want to shake he hand free . I can feel it . marandino braddock be not gonna go for this . bud I will handle that . everyone look to Bud . bud we get one chance here . ' Cause if this fall short ... jesse wheeler 's worth more dead than alive . int . cafeteria , east baton rouge parish prison - evening a sea of table divide by race as far as the eye can see . jesse and Ray , trays in hand , find a island of aryan prisoner . they quickly part to make room for jesse to sit . suddenly czapp and roach arrive with they trays and abruptly sit across from the wheeler brother . czapp how you doin ' , Ray ? ( off Ray 's look ) we be just over there wonderin ' why you be not get the courtesy to introduce we to you kin . ray I be gonna . czapp ( grin ) I be sure you be . czapp lock on jesse , who calmly eat , not look up . czapp jesse wheeler . Heard of you ... roach fuckin-a , hear a lot . czapp name 's czapp ... you can call I , " bossman . " ( beat ) I keep a eye on you brother the past few day for you . ai not that right , Ray ? ray ( low ) yeah ... jesse my brother be not none of you business . czapp ai not none of my business , " bossman . " and everything in this fuckin ' place be my business . Ray nervously glance down at several aryan watch ... czapp ( to jesse ) listen to I , you sonofabitch . I be gonna make one God damn thing God damn clear . you reputation be smoke . whatever they say you be or once be , I do not give a flyin ' fuck . ' Cause it 's my say - so now . and you fuckin ' brother 's up for grab . czapp look away from jesse and shout down the table : czapp y'all get that ?! suddenly jesse spring . a headbutt explode czapp 's nose and throw he back . czapp 's head hit linoleum , echoing with a crack !! he lie still . bloodie and unconscious . roach ( stumble away , shocked ) fuck ... a deafening silence spread over the cafeteria . jesse calmly resume eat . czapp 's blood cover he face . suddenly a alarm blare . guard pour in , lead by Murphy . inmate hit the deck , arm behind they head . all except jesse , who continue to eat . murphy wheeler !!! stand the fuck up ! hand behind you head ! jesse rise . murphy hand behind you head ! get on the fuckin ' floor ! jesse put he hand behind he head , but do not kneel . restraint be slam on jesse 's wrist . and we ... CUT to black . int . isolation , east baton rouge parish prison - late night the door unlock and drag open . jesse turn , blink painfully into the light ... see a impose duty guard . duty guard phone call . int . guard station jesse be lead in . duty Guard hit a extension button on a desk phone and offer the receiver ... jesse do not move . duty guard it 's a secure line . duty Guard walk out . alone now , jesse pick up the line ... jesse ( into phone ) yeah . a low , whiskey voice be heard over the line : lucian adam . lucian v.o. be a long time ... jesse shut he eye . there 's a moment before he open they . lucian v.o. read about the arrest , jesse . there 's a lot of heat on this one . jesse I do not want my brother touch . lucian v.o. ( laugh faintly ) I be not callin ' about you brother . I be callin ' about you ... jesse turn slow to find the duty Guard watch he from the hall . light a cigarette , stare . lucian v.o. you should have come to I sooner , jesse . none of this would have happen . jesse I be askin ' you , lucian . my brother be not a problem . lucian v.o. you brother 's a fuck up . and jesse 's quiet ... Dead quiet ... lucian v.o. and jesse ... we may know what you can do . but you know what we can do . understand ? jesse hesitates , then lucian hang up . dial tone . int . braddock's office - late night room strewn with pile of casework . Bud , agitate , pace . braddock , behind a desk . braddock you be reachin ' , Bud . the leverage be not there . bud it 's there . it 's gotta cook a little longer , that 's all . braddock jesse will not so much as blink at doin ' life . the fuckin ' guy do not rise in the rank ' cause he skirt under pressure . ( beat ) there 's no deal to be have . bud c'mon , Mike , you know what 's goin ' on . Ray wheeler compromise jesse . by that , he compromise the Brotherhood . do not tell I there be not no fuckin ' leverage . Bud pour himself a cup of coffee . braddock we need something ' more . bud well we be not sleepin ' till we find it . int . visitor be gate , east baton rouge parish prison - day Lynn , dark pouch under she eye , go through security check . infant son in she arm . visiting area wive , girlfriend and lawyer talk to prisoner . table Lynn , dark pouch under she eye , hold they son , across from jesse ... lynn life . you know how fuckin ' long that be , jesse ? Lynn 's hand be shaking . lynn so what be I suppose to do ? wait ? run ? ( upset ) you friend be comin ' by the house . askin ' question , hangin ' around . waitin ' for the God damn phone to ring . jesse be silent . lynn you say we be do with this . that they be out of we life . the baby begin to cry . lynn we have no money , jesse . which mean we have no fuck food . ... say something , would you ? jesse it 's gonna be okay . lynn I be afraid . I be afraid for my life ... the baby wailing now . lynn ( quietly cry ) ... for we baby . tight on jesse , for the first time , appear powerless . as Lynn wipe tear , tremble in she seat , jesse look away from he son , and glance up ... behind a glass partition outly the room , a man be watch they ... bud . Stark still . fix jesse with a hard stare . int . property room , east baton rouge parish prison - later a clerk pass Lynn she belonging through chain link . she wipe she eye , hold the baby . the back bay door open . Bud enter . sleepless , wrinkle clothes . bud Lynn wheeler . we have not be properly introduce . I be detective Bud Carter . lynn I know who you be . bud you have a ride home ? lynn we take the bus . Bud peel a few bill from a fold , put it on the counter . bud take a cab . Bud lay he card atop the bill , look at Lynn . bud ' you need anything ... anything at all . be sure to call I . they look at each other . she pull she baby close . there 's a unspoken moment . and Bud walk away ... Lynn wait till Bud be out of view . then take the money . and the card . int . cellblock , east baton rouge parish prison - day a Guard buzze jesse through . prisoner line the tier . smoke cigarettes . look out . jesse walk past , enter ... he cell ... where Ray sleep in shadow on the bottom bunk . jesse pull a Polaroid from he pocket : his infant son . he gaze at the photo for a beat , then bring it to Ray ... jesse Ray ... no response . jesse nudge he brother 's shoulder . jesse Raymond , take a look . jesse roll he over . Ray be limp . a filthy syringe imbed he arm . jaw slack . eye wide and vacant . the photo flutter from jesse's hand to the floor ... jesse lower , pull Ray to he arm . he shut he eye . teeth clench . and as jesse feel the bile rise , he massive frame begin to shake ... then we realize , he 's cry ... time CUT : ext . loading dock , east baton rouge parish prison - dusk pour rain . Ray 's corpse be load onto a ambulance . int . jesse's cell - dusk jesse sit in shadow . alone . and it 's still ... dissolve to : after hour jesse sleep . Hand under the pillow . when there 's a sound ... his eye SNAP OPEN to discover the silhouettes of six men , rush into he cell ... a load sock swing out from jesse 's pillow , slam man # 1 in the jaw with a crack !! on he foot , jesse whip the sock around and whacks man # 2's head against the concrete wall . he slump down unconscious . a blunt object be ram into jesse 's sternum . another shot bang he neck . the sock drop and a padlock clatter out . with a final burst of energy , jesse turn , scream and rush man # 3 . man # 3 slam into the cell bar . clang !! light out . the remain three Men attack . a series of blow rain down and jesse sink into they grip . hall light bump on : now we see , these " men " be guard . more guard pour in , lead by Murphy . they yank jesse from he cell and take he down the tier . Guards toss the cell in a thorough search . mattress overturn . shelves crash . int . tier prisoner move to they bar , shout and jeering as jesse be wrestle down the stair to ... the lower tier jesse thrashes violently as the Guards slam he through a door into ... a tunnel between cell block . the roar of prisoner recede as jesse 's drag into darkness get darker . a door slam OPEN ... int . ready room , east baton rouge parish prison ... there's a flash of light . we be in a windowless room . and Bud pour coffee for two ... bud want a cup of coffee ? jesse be handcuff to the table . Guards be breathe hard . jesse motherfucker ! this how you do thing ? bud yeah ... when I want to talk to someone , without give the impression he 's cooperatin' . jesse pause , catch by Bud 's tactic . the Guards file out and shut the door . jesse 's eye be fierce and watch Bud 's every movement as he hand he a coffee , then take a seat ... bud you get a problem . jesse yeah , what 's that ? bud to start with , you be lookin ' at two hundred year . jesse I have do the time . I will do it again . bud I know you can do it . but can you family ? jesse 's face be tense . unyield . bud you brother 's dead , jesse . as we be sittin ' here now , he 's on a slab at St. Gabriel 's morgue . the coroner 's callin ' it , " suicide " . you and I both know that 's a load of shit . ( beat ) you do the time -- sure . and you never see you kid . ' cept in here . you can recruit he . you wife ...plan ... everything ... go . ( beat ) ' less you talk ... to I . jesse silent , a dark internal pause . he meet Bud 's eye across the table ; then ... jesse do you hate ? bud what ? jesse 's sudden directness have catch Bud off -guard . jesse who do you hate the most ? black you throw in prison ? bud ... I dislike what they represent in the system . not as a whole . and jesse begin to consciously or unconsciously " preach . " jesse and you believe that by overthrowin ' Aryan nationalism and integratin ' race ... pollute creed , with we ... you believe you be solvin ' somethin' ? bud I believe we survive by integrate safety . understand hate , and how to stop it . jesse it be not evil to fight it . it 's evil to tolerate it . ( lean in ) maybe you forget that , to justify what you do for a live ... bud be we still in prison , or we back at the compound , havin ' mass ? jesse you do not get it . bud no , do not dictate to I what put you in here , or question my intention with you overcooked revolution ! ( beat ) ' fact , I think you want out ' fore I even get to you ! that 's why you distance yourself . that 's why you be out there crackin ' safe . lookin ' to live a life that be not ab . jesse in who I be , there 's pressure ! I work for you , I will not need a lawyer , I will need a priest ! my outside finance be go ... my wife and son , they head wind up somewhere they body be not ! so tell I , why the fuck should I get involved with you ?! bud how about personal warranty ? jesse warranty ?! bud yeah , that 's right ! you have be a part of the problem so long , you have forget what the fuck that be ! ( boar in ) " Finance ... " you wife come here on a bus to see you . I send she home in a cab . be that you outside fuckin ' finance ?! beat . jesse , take back . bud let I give you a little insight , pal . as to what I know ... and what you think you know . Bud flip open a file and shove a series of grainy b&amp ; W surveillance photo in front of jesse . bud this be today ... photo # 1 : outside jesse 's House . a distress Lynn and the baby be lead into a car by catfish . bud be that you house ? that 's you wife , right ? who 's this guy ? photo # 2 : tight -shot of catfish . bud ( off jesse 's look ) know where he 's takin ' they ? takin ' you family ? I get a pretty good fuckin ' idea . photo # 3 : a anonymous duplex . catfish escort Lynn and the baby inside , past several surly aryan look on . jesse finally avert he eye ... bud look at you wife , jesse . look at she face . and you son . they look safe to you ? ( a moment ) I be all you have get ! I be all you family 's get ! and the longer you be in here , they be up for grab . on jesse . the wheel turn . Burning . the camera move in ... bud so either you let that happen ... or I get the judge to allow bond . this never see trial . and you work for I . and that 's where it hang ... black . judge v.o. jesse wheeler . please rise ... fade in : int . courtroom , baton rouge - day jesse rise , wear a suit . judge ponder , at the bench , preside over this arraignment hearing : judge ponder you stand accuse of forty count of burglary , twenty nine count of felony theft , possession of illegal firearm , possession or deal in unregister weapon , possession of a control substance , manufacture and possession of incendiary device , and seventeen count of receive steal goods ... how do you plead ? CUT to daniel kiersey , 40s , sharp , confident , expensively dress . jesse 's attorney , rise : kiersey not guilty , you honor . judge ponder let 's hear the argument for bail . the district attorney rise from he seat : district attorney you honor , this man be a habitual felon as well as a flight risk . we office have overwhelming evidence that Mr. wheeler be not only guilty , but also a serious threat to the community . the State recommend that bail be deny . kiersey you honor , my client deserve a reasonable bail . he have every intention of appear and answer to all this false charge . in addition , he be the sole provider for he wife and newborn child , who would suffer undo hardship if this man be incarcerate . CUT to judge ponder : judge ponder bond be set at one million . the gavel bang down . kiersey shake jesse 's hand . smile : kiersey congratulation . reveal bud -- seat in back , watch the proceedings . CUT to : int . bedroom , jesse's house - pre dawn Lynn , asleep in bed ... int . hallway jesse stand , hold he son , quietly comforting he . when jesse turn , we see a .45 tuck in he back . and the phone ring ... jesse ( answer ) yeah ... static ; he listen , then : jesse ( into phone ) okay . ext . backyard , jesse's house - pre dawn jesse step through he fence into deep wood , to find a car wait idyll on a dirt road . int . car - pre dawn a heavy -set man at the wheel . jesse get in as the headlight spin on and the car pull away ... ext . shipyard - pre dawn Dark . eerie and desolate . the car arrive . jesse step out and disappear into the shadow of a tower crane . on the jetty , a nondescript man stand alone against the calm Mississippi . his back be to we . jesse approach , stand quietly beside he . man' voice how 's you family ? we realize now ... it 's Bud . jesse let 's get something ' straight . I be not here ' cause I be scared . I do what I do , ' cause certain people cross the line . they do not keep they word . bud well my word count . they stand together , face the liquid horizon ... bud I want a body , jesse . jesse how many you want ? Bud finally look at jesse . ext . borrow pit - dawn a swamp area use as a mud retrieval source for the levy . amite River . fog obscure nearly everything . jesse slowly emerge ... then Bud and Metro , on all side , mag - light , flak jacket and shotguns . a duffel bag of shovel . the sound of the swamp be terrifying . herons and bobcat . boot hit water . the buzz of a million mosquito . suddenly a rushing SOUND -- a alligator shove off the mire . cobb ' the fuck be that ? cobb 's light catch the tail whipping into the swamp . bud yard dog . relax . shepard where 's this motherfucker take we ? jesse suddenly stop . listen . breathes . Bud and Metro stare . jesse ( directly to Bud ) dig here . Metro exchange look , anxious . Bud nod " okay " . timecut : ext . jesse's borrow pit Metro engulf in fog . pick and shovel rise and fall . marandino Bud ! we hit something ! Bud excitedly descend the pit to scrape gravel from metal . bud clear it off ! come on , find the edge ! jesse watch as a pair of steel drum emerge . int . state police autopsy room - mid morning the " cold room " . Bud and braddock watch as two pathologists hose down the drum . the stench be horrible . braddock how long they be down there ? bud jesse tell I six month . braddock six month ? Bud , they be biodegrade by now . fuckin ' worm food . bud we will get a id . remember , we get the guy who put them there . blow torch roar as pathologist burn through the drum . spark fly . the lid crash . swamp water flood out ... and immerse within : two sore - cover , decomposing body . the room recoil from the fume . int . kitchen , jesse's house - day Lynn be put dish away . the baby nearby , sleep quietly in a swing . Lynn gaze out the window ... ext . driveway , jesse's house jesse be under the hood of he truck , fix the engine ... when a ' 71 mustang , white - on-white , roar up the street . jesse glance over as the car pull alongside the driveway . it 's catfish , at the wheel . a wolfish grin . catfish ' Bout time to get a new truck there , jesse . jesse tighten a nut with a torque wrench , say nothing . catfish good to see you out . a free man now . jesse what 's goin ' on , ' Fish ? catfish on a Sunday drive , that 's all . the good Lord ridin ' shotgun , through another glorious Louisiana mornin' . jesse eye he .45 atop the engine block , within reach . catfish say , jesse ... lucian 's askin ' about you . fact , a lot of people be . jesse stay on the engine , never turn around . jesse you tell he I will come by . catfish ( no longer smile ) that 's good . I will see you real soon then . as catfish drive away ... we hear a series of photo be take at high -speed . freeze frame to black &amp ; white . pull back to a distant construction trailer . Bud with a long lens camera , triggers snapshot . int . diner - day greasy spoon , soul food joint . trucker and labor patron . Bud walk in , perplex to find braddock sit with martin fitch ( 30 ) , deputy Chief of staff for US Attorney General . press suit . Young face . out of he element . bud hey , Mike . braddock Bud , this be special agent , Martin fitch . he 's down from Washington . with the Attorney General . fitch Martin . just call I Martin . fitch offer he hand , smile . Bud shake . braddock Martin 's gonna be solicit jesse 's case for a Federal sponsor . bud how long you be with the Attorney General , fitch ? fitch just over a year . Bud look at braddock . fitch I want to assure you my education and experience be more than adequate to handle a case of this potential . bud be that right ... fitch 's smile drop as Bud stare he down . braddock why do not we get to the particular ? fitch right . alright . ( clear throat ) to get jesse a federal sponsor , we need something substantial . a bait . in the justice Department , we have this mission statement ... we decide who the target be , what 's the threat assessment , the cost value , over what time table it 's gonna take place ... which target do we go after first . we do not want to miss a big target hit a smaller target , you understand ? bud no . fitch well , expose body have limitation . that people be dead . we can not retrieve they life . Bud blink . braddock he mean there might not be enough to back jesse . bud keep he on the street without protection , he wind up dead . fitch what I be say be , we need fresh lead . he will need to present something that separate he from that we be go to arrest . if jesse can not offer something continuous ... I be afraid we can not be of much help . Bud stare at fitch . a waitress in she 5as approach . waitress ready to order ? fitch ( cut in ) yes . I will take a garden salad . roquefort on the side . waitress you will take what ? fitch ( curt ) it 's a dress . waitress well ... we get ranch , thousand island and oil . which one you want ? Bud 's chair scrape back as he stand , stare hard at fitch : bud lose my appetite . and walk out . ext . parking lot outside diner - day Bud stalk out to he car . braddock follow , agitate . they say nothing till they reach the car . bud I set this up . I and jesse . if the fed want to help , that 's fine . but not he . braddock what do you mean , " I and jesse ? " he 's not you partner , Bud . this case be beyond we capacity . it require resource we do not have . Bud unlock the car . they stand , talk across the roof . bud they be not takin ' we serious , Mike . they send we some kid with a year under he belt ?! he do not even know what state he 's in ... you want he in charge ?! braddock you be God damn right I do ! you be out on a limb on this already , Bud ! it 's my job to make sure you get back ! bud this be bullshit . braddock that may be . what it be not , be open for discussion . braddock walk away . Bud simmer a moment , get in he car . int . a room - following morning a bare room ; nothing to tell we where we be . jesse 's on a stool . he run he finger down he mustache , grit he tooth . jesse y'all wanna talk about crime ? well I could tell y'all thing . name . location . what boat be movin ' what drug , which one be gun . who 's gonna get cut up and why . ... but what I get to know be , if and when I do this ... if I wear you dog collar ... y'all gonna do what 's right by I and keep my head from gettin' shot the fuck off ? ' Cause the truth be , you need I . you be not get enough cop with enough sense or enough time , to clear they crime that already be commit and will be . ( pause ) y'all need I ... I get the devil 's address . reverse : we be in a HOTEL suite . shade down . full of agent : FBI , atf , dea , secret service . Law enforcement everywhere . on the furniture , against the wall , sit on the floor . stare at jesse in silence . Bud stand by the door with braddock . and fitch step forward , laugh nervously ... fitch okay , great ... thanks . thank you , jesse , for that . and thank you , everyone for attend ... ( tight ) uh , we all know why we be here . to solve a matter of custody -- FBI # 1 we will protect you and you family , jesse . ( to the room ) it 's a federal matter , gentleman . that body be transport over state line . a atf agent # 1 impose : atf # 1 not so fast . ammunition , grenade ? this man 's house be a factory , for Christ 's sake . atf be take this . dea that murder be drug related . dea 's get to do follow up . secret service he be printing counterfeit money . that 's secret service . arguing ensues , Agents ' voice step over one another . fitch try to take control . jesse 's be silent , until ... jesse there 's a hit list . fitch hear this . he turn , loudly to the room ... fitch wait ! wait a minute , quiet ! everyone quiet ! and everything stop . fitch move to jesse : fitch a what ? jesse a hit list . there 's much as twelve . might be one or two less now , I be not sure . some could have already be get . bud ( to braddock ) now we be talkin' . FBI # 2 approach jesse ... FBI # 2 why this twelve , jesse ? jesse different reason . it be not so much why or what they do that matter . pick any one of them off that list , ab put you on salary . everyone be suddenly interested . Bud see this . jesse and you , sir , if I be not mistaken ... you be Mr. noke , right ? Agents part , revealing JOHN noke ( 5as ) , black , a emminent figurehead in a plush suit . surprise to be point out ... jesse first U.S. Attorney , John noke ? noke that 's right . jesse well , last time I see it ... you be number two on that list . it 's quiet . noke think . then laugh and approach jesse . noke can you fill we in on the rest of that name , jesse ? jesse yes , I can . but there 's something I gotta make clear ' fore that happen . noke what 's that ? jesse I have listen to you , Mr. noke . and I have listen to this suit here , on who 's gonna take I in ... ( beat ) I will die , go to hell and take all y'all cocksucker with I , if he -- ( motion to Bud ) -- tell I to . ( beat ) I want y'all to know that . jesse be explosive under the low projection delivery and a chill fall over the room . noke ( to Bud ) how 's that fly by you , Lieutenant ? Bud simply nod . noke I will sponsor he . jesse 's welfare will come out of we budget . anyone have pend case or lead for jesse , see I . I will loan he out . jesse stare at noke . as the meeting settles back to a comfortable level ... noke and , jesse ... I be a little piss I be number two on that list . who the fuck be number one ? the room erupt with laughter . everyone except Bud and jesse . dissolve to : ext . grand couteau - day jesse 's truck move over a old wooden bridge through sweeping field that stretch to a vast , wood area . ext . front gate , private property - day jesse stop at a long drive protect by lock iron gate . a surveillance camera zoom in . jesse look up . a second camera pan on jesse , stare ... move in as crackle , electronic pixel fill the frame and ... CUT to : int . guard station - same a bank of monitor show jesse at the gate . a guard sit in shadow , hit a button : we see the gate unlock and open . int . jesse's truck pull down the private road . shaft of light mottle then burst , revealing a elegant victorian home . jesse park -- walk up the porch , where catfish be relax , shoulder holster , revolver . and buzz , clean a pistol . buzz jesse . jesse nod , eye catfish . jesse I be here to see lucian . catfish grind out he cigarette , get to he foot . catfish he 's busy right now ; you can come in and wait . int . lucian adam ' office - day close on : a snifter as Louis xiii pour to the rim . from elsewhere in the room : male voice this operation of you 's have become big business . you need relationship now more than ever ... the voice belong to richard morris , 40s . he sit in a leather chair , face lucian Adams , who 's face we cannot see . seat next to Morris , be Daniel kiersey . morris ... we have do business successfully before , Mr. Adams . but it 's a larger scope now . I be here today because I want to represent you exclusively . you need someone lobby at a state level , as well as in Washington . my organization can provide both . we have get contact that you do not have and other people can not get . now , I be aware that you have multiple business ... however you need one go - to guy , so that all you venture stay coordinate and all transaction and contract be realize . I be that person , Mr. Adams . that 's what I do . lucian' hand lift the cognac out of frame , drink . kiersey what 's this go to cost we ? morris as a retainer , I want a advance of three hundred - fifty thousand , along with ten percent of whatever economic benefit I bring to this organization . kiersey Three -fifty ? c'mon , Dick . that 's out of line . morris if you want a quality global economic plan , that 's what you pay for -- lucian o.s. we will give you two , Mr. Morris ... that 's what it 's worth . Morris go suddenly silent , look across at lucian . lucian o.s. the advance be a drop in the bucket . the real money be the percentage . it 's in you interest to see it my way . Morris stare across the desk , several tense moment . then : morris you have get a deal . int . live room , lucian adam ' house - day Morris emerge from the office . he glance at jesse , then shrug on he coat and leave ... jesse look back at the office doorway . follow jesse in ... int . lucian adam' office ... past kiersey , behind a massive desk in this impeccable room , we finally see lucian adam . jesse be not invite to sit . lucian ( to kiersey ) give we a minute . kiersey walk out and shut the door ... on lucian he cross slowly to a credenza , select a clean shirt . lucian you have a son now , right ? jesse yeah ... as he remove the shirt he 's wear , reveal tattoo : black SUN on he back . german rune , ss bolt , hrungnire heart . and around he stomach , a belt of norse god with the word , " invisible empire . " prison tat , dark and age . lucian what would you name he ? jesse I name he Ray . lucian , no emotion , put on a press dress shirt , fasten cuff-link . lucian ( over he shoulder ) Heard the cop smack you around inside . jesse ' be not too bad . lucian check he hair . lucian you have be a busy man , jesse . more way than one . jesse look like you do just fine without I . Business rollin ' through the door . and lucian finally turn ; look at jesse , eye measure ... lucian last I see you , you ask for time . time to raise a family . time to straighten thing out . ( pause ) I give you that time ... then safe job start poppin ' up . Lafayette . New Orleans . Clinton . baton rouge . all over . the boy , they think it 's nigger , go widespread on a hunt for pig 's foot . but they all professional . burn job . hot -weld oxygen . laid out , burn , laid back , perfect . ( lock on jesse ) I know right then and there , only a white respectable burglar could have do this . jesse smile slightly . they know each other well ... ... when lucian 's smile suddenly drop . there 's a flash of control anger across he face ; and we feel a curtain of tension fall heavily on the room . lucian jesse ... with all the work you be doin ' : diamond . emerald . a dozen safe job , behind my back ... ( predatory ) where 's the tribute to the great cause ? jesse he pull from he pocket , a tiny pouch . set it on the desk ... he pour the content into lucian 's palm : diamond and emerald . jesse like I say , I just need time . lucian approach the desk , open the pouch : diamond and emerald ... a slow smile spread across he face . lucian well , even prophet stumble once in a while . lucian embrace jesse . tight . then , softly in he ear : lucian it 's a shame about you brother . as they part , they eye meet . something pass between they ... I /e. jesse's truck , traveling - back road - night jesse at the wheel , glance nervously in the rearview . Lynn in the passenger seat , baby in she lap . they be drive under the cover of darkness ... lynn I do not understand . why do we have to leave the state ? you be not tellin' I something . you be not tellin ' I a lot . jesse it be not safe here no more . you want out ? this be out . CUT to : ext . private airstrip - night marandino look through binoculars : as a electric fence slide back . jesse 's truck approach , drive through . ext . runway - night a twin-engine plane idyll . line of blue light , strobe like river , air traffic above ... and Bud , lean against a nearby car with shepard and cobb . jesse help Lynn and the baby from he truck . together , they walk toward the plane ... Bud , watch from a distance , nod to Lynn . outside the plane jesse and Lynn stare at each other . she 's cry as he pull she close , one arm around the baby . he say something to they we cannot hear ... then with the baby , Lynn board she plane . a agent shut the door . the engine scream to life , take off ... jesse turn to shield he face . light strobe and blast ... then , abrupt darkness and silence ... on jesse now alone on the tarmac . Bud approach ; then ... jesse lucian take the stone . talk about job . High - end , boxcar . bud you family 's safe now . ( beat ) let 's go to work . CUT to : int . jewelry store basement - night several ab soldier stand watch as jesse push a heavy , 10 " drill through a jeweler 's vault door ... jesse throw tumbler and relock mechanism aside , reach in ... jewel , gem . ext . parking lot - between car - night Bud and jesse park next to each other , trading info . e/i. various hideout - night ab counterfeit bill ... Printing press and metal plate ... hand stain bill with coffee grounds and cigarettes , then industrial dryer ... jesse at a table behind tall stack of cash , inspect , approve ... int . underground garage - night Bud with jesse . info , name and write amount . insert : hand file serial number off gun ... hand building silencer ... load gun in suitcase below false bottom ... ext . pay phone - night jesse on the line ... Bud on the other end , take note ... int . garage - night ab Soldiers unload crate from truck , " Chrysler Corp . " ... " remington firearm " ... antique furniture ... machinery ... insert : a money machine count large denomination of cash . ext . below a overpass - night park under the interstate . Bud look over jesse 's info . ext . new orlean port - night a large fishing boat arrive . numerous fisherman load marlin onto refrigerate truck ... catfish , buzz , numerous ab start up the truck ... jesse hand the head fisherman a canvas bag of cash ... pull back to reveal shepard , cobb and marandino on the roof of a neighbor port , snap photo . take note . e/i. isolated barn - night truck arrive . ab bring the marlin inside ... atop a crate , jesse slice a marlin open , revealing kilo of cocaine . more marlin be cut . more cocaine . int . metro office - day Bud on the typewriter , hammer out jesse 's contact and movement . file pile on he desk . int . metro office - night a organizational chart , as Bud pin ab mug shot , arrest sheet and surveillance photo wall to wall . Bud step back , observe . his case building . get huge . montage out / to : ext . back patio , lucian be house - day Wood secluded . lucian , jesse and kiersey sit around a table . kiersey there 's a variety of matter to discuss today , gentleman . Eddie moran 's trial start next week . one of the juror reach out . he 's ask six thousand up front plus a job at four hundred a week . that guarantee a hang jury with a push for a acquittal . lucian Three hundred . give he a no- show at the truck firm . kiersey ( as he write ) construction on the building Morris bring we , in south - east Florida , be complete . every unit sell . we should see revenue of one point four million over we original projection . lucian light a cigar , smoke curl from he lip . kiersey lastly , we " friend " from the Middle East . they put a final offer on the table . they will fund we operation in Louisiana if we agree to act on they behalf . political target mostly , on the basis of we approval ... ( beat ) I advise we do a test case . perhaps a sample of they resource . lucian " final offer ? " demand ... ( beat ) Close the deal . we will cook the cash for it . by the time they realize , we will have we return . ( laugh to jesse ) you believe they be travelin ' all the way to Louisiana just to get fuckin ' rob ? CUT to : ext . lucian be back yard - later jesse and lucian walk together through green , expansive countryside . a pair of Arabian mare graze nearby . lucian I want you runnin ' point on this one ... jesse I will be honest , I be hopin ' for something ' bigger . lucian what do you get in mind ? jesse how ' bout a few of they head off the list ? lucian we get guy for that now . catfish , buzz . what do you want to go back to that for ? jesse the money 's worth twice this . bring back a head it 's fifteen grand ; bring a heart , it 's thirty , right ? lucian look at jesse , who feel lucian 's scrutiny . lucian tell you what . do this other thing we get line up ... ( beat ) then I will give you that taste . ext . henderson industrial zone - establish - night Dark , factory skyline . burnt out car sit before a warehouse . int . warehouse - night headquarters for the baton rouge operation . a beehive of government activity . technician listen to tape ... phone ring off the hook ... Bud and fitch go over the case : fitch there 's pressure from Washington . they send compliment for jesse 's work . but we primary concern be that list . I need name we can protect . bud we know that , fitch . he 's workin ' on it . fitch if jesse can just get a direct order ... from lucian to he , on a wire -- bud -- a wire ?! he just go back to work , you want he to wear a fuckin ' wire ? ( beat ) put a tap on that God damn lawyer 's phone , that 's what you should do . fitch he 's a attorney , Carter . anything we get would be inadmissable . bud it 's information , fitch . fitch , annoyed , but stay on track . fitch Bud . we need jesse to engage lucian on the record . otherwise it 's just hearsay . he 's disconnect from everything , like a ghost . Bud , cool he heel . as the phone ring and ring ... dissolve to : a violent rainfall . aerial shot swoop along the highway , then rise above the deep wood to reveal a truck stop ahead . ext . truck stop - night close for construction . a van arrive . a blink barricade be pull back , allow entrance ... generator light the scene : a group of shiite muslims wait by a pair of idle freight truck . a crew of five ab soldier exit the van : jesse , catfish and buzz among they . CUT to : ext . lumber storage , truck stop - night the door to one freight truck roll to the top , revealing a convert assault weaponry showcase . below cover scaffold , both crew stand . gun bulge through they coat . no talk . no sudden movement . Shiites watch jesse and catfish examine the merchandise : semi automatics , shotguns , carbine , sub -machine gun ... everyone look at each other . jesse acknowledge worth . catfish pull a large canvas bag from the van , fill with cash . as he carry it toward a bench , a large shiite ( omar ) reach for the bag before catfish can set it down ... ... both man hold tight . neither let go . and there 's a moment . jesse ( low ) catfish . catfish and Omar be eye- to -eye . then , catfish let go with a smile : catfish go 'head . Count it . the shiite leader , naseem , see the strife . naseem there a problem ? jesse no problem . money 's all there . Omar hand the bag to naseem . the count start . both crew watch closely ... ... all except catfish , fixate on Omar , who stare back . catfish ' the fuck you lookin ' at ...? the count stop . naseem look to Omar . question in Arabic go back and forth . the pressure get to the group ... jesse ( low ) catfish , would you shut the fuck up ? this be not the time . naseem ( to catfish ) yes , listen to you boss . catfish what ?! what fuckin ' " boss ? " you best watch you ass , sand nigger . naseem piece of shit --! everyone reach for they gun . threat shouted in Arabic and English . jesse take it easy ! take it easy ! suddenly arc light behind a distant barrier ignite , flooding the scene . everyone turn . a voice ( over a loud speaker ) atf ! the perimeter' surrounded ! Omar reach for the bag of cash ... blam ! catfish fire , point blank , shoot Omar in the face . and World War III erupt . ab 's FIRE . Shiites return FIRE . from several stakeout location , atf agent deploy and OPEN FIRE . jesse be graze in the shoulder , slip , stagger - run . shiite # 1 fire three shot burst at ab # 1 , who 's blow apart . a generator and atf # 1 collapse . atf # 2 and # 3 with pump shotgun OPEN up on the ab 's van . naseem , over a mercede roof , fire a burst at atf , then swing onto ab # 2 and fire , kill he . naseem jump into the mercede , yell at the driver to go . buzz rapid fire , hit shiite # 1 in the back . shiite # 1 be spun around and buzz shoot he in the head . catfish fire into the lot ... hitting shiite # 2 . in the mercede , Driver floor it . atf re-emerges , kneel and pump shot into the mercede . jesse have take off , past the lumber storage . catfish and buzz follow , break for the freight truck . in the mercede , Driver be blow apart by atf . the car crash into a dumpster , knock naseem out . jesse , catfish and buzz jump into the freight . atf fire . window explode . shiite # 3 , try to climb in be shot down . jesse , behind the wheel ... burn rubber pull out of the stop , over and through a scaffold , collapse it . the freight truck draw everyone 's FIRE . jesse pilot it through the chaos . scaffold dragging behind . spark fly . jesse's Pov : where he 's go . a open in the construction , lead back to the highway and oncoming traffic . atf car speed in , the opposite way ... as the vehicle pass : jesse and atf lock eye . and the freight make the highway , scatter traffic , to the sound of ongoing gunfire ... CUT to : ext . desolate field - late night the moon hang low as jesse park the freight truck among tall grass , where a vacant bread truck be wait . timecut : as catfish exit the truck ... ... jesse take catfish 's gun , grab he by the neck and slam he against the cab . face to face . jesse you be a piece of work , catfish . buzz grab at jesse ; jesse hurl he to the ground . catfish they nigger cross the line ... I have to burn them -- jesse -- you have to keep you mouth shut ! on a job , you do not do fuckin ' shit ' less I say ! catfish ' the fuck off I --! jesse slam he back again . hold he throat . jesse ( low , deadly ) fuck I up again , you hear I ? I will leave you where I find you . get that ? pause . catfish glare , then concede . jesse unload the fuckin ' truck . jesse start move crate from the freight onto the bread truck . catfish and buzz watch for a moment , then join . int . FBI warehouse - late night television broadcast news coverage of the shoot - out . agent work , uncomfortable , as Bud and fitch argue . explosive ... fitch keep you voice down ! this be out of my control ! bud I be tell you , you agent best pull they shit together ! who the hell y'all try to protect ?! fitch look , Carter . this be a joint task force with multiple agendas , that run up the chain of command through I . Intel come forth at the eleventh hour that naseem kazuri - a international arm dealer - would be present at this meet . atf be task to observe and report . bud that be not what they do --! fitch -- no ! because you informant -- bud my informant , that 's right !-- fitch -- you informant and he psychopath crew grease half we political interest -- over a bag of fake cash ! you be not inform , so what ? bud well I better be inform ! ' Cause this be not fallin ' short ! now , any of y'all get a collaborative agenda in the work ? I want to see it . this other agency , what time - line they lookin ' at ? what deadline and why ? fitch above you pay-grade -- bud ( overlap ) and be there a purposeful lack of communication between compete agency , who be right now chart future mistake , as we fuckin ' speak ?! fitch that 's not you concern , Carter ! braddock suddenly arrive , step into the room ... bud we be not talkin ' about I !! braddock Bud ! bud ( spin ) what ?! braddock you be over- involved here . and Bud 's take off stride . braddock look Bud right in the eye , so there 's no doubt ... braddock I will handle this . Bud , red with anger , walk out . braddock watch he go . fitch come over , relieved ... fitch thanks for come down , Mike . he 's be berate my agent for the last hour . braddock pour a cup of coffee . fitch we be try to band - aid a situation here , and frankly , Carter 's preference for thug tactic be not help . it will all be in my report ... braddock ( interrupt ) " be not help ? " a big mistake . now braddock turn on fitch , zeroing in ... braddock " be not help ? " let 's not miss what happen here , fitch . we work for the same cause do not mean we work for you . what be you gonna do now ? send jesse back out ? earn he trust ? Bud Carter deliver the biggest informant in the history of this state to you lap , and you and the people you work for be gonna let it go to shit . ( beat ) you can expect that will be in my report . CUT to : int . steel mill - pre dawn steelworkers warpe in heat wave swing ingot into trough . the seven story furnace be deafen . entry area lucian be meet by kiersey . they walk together through glass in hallway to a close office door . lucian key in , revealing a dishevel Morris seat in a chair with two large ab Soldiers on either side . int . steel mill office - pre dawn lucian shut the door and sit before a ill at ease Morris . morris look . I have no previous knowledge of any business with Muslims . so if steal I here in the middle of the night , be some kind of accusation -- lucian I be not accuse you , Mr. Morris . but I do find it interesting that right about the time I employ you , my operation start have problem . morris yes , but -- lucian that be interesting ... be not it ? Morris swallow hard as lucian stare intensely . lucian I want to know if this be a isolate incident . if the atf impede on my work be the result of a deeper threat . morris what be you suggest ? lucian I be suggest you contact you friend in Washington . morris with all due respect , Mr. Adams , that 's not what I be retain for . lucian well now it be . morris that sort of information require clearance I do not have . if I start sniff around , people be go to ask question . lucian I be ask question , Mr. Morris . and I be get impatient . Morris get stone quiet . lucian hand he a phone . lucian you do not leave here till I get answer . and like that , this conversation be over . CUT to : ext . liquor store + phone booth - dawn off a desert street . a dense fog reside , far as the eye can see . and jesse , in a phone booth , drop a dime and dial ... lynn v.o. ( clearly asleep ) hello ... jesse it 's I . lynn v.o. you okay ? ( off jesse 's silence ) honey , you alright ? jesse I be okay . just need to hear you voice . how 's little Ray ...? lynn v.o. I will put he on . silence for a moment ... then a quiet baby 's voice . lynn v.o. it 's daddy on the phone , say hello . emotion rise to jesse 's face . he hold it in , barely . angle : down the STREET a lone car be park in the shadow , fog roll past ... ... jesse see it , can not see who 's inside it . lynn v.o. jesse ? he hang up . a long moment ... jesse stand there , watch the car ... he slowly make he way toward the back of the store , where he truck be park . pulse pound , he try the door ... it 's lock . eyeing the car , he unlock he truck . there's sudden movement . jesse spin . and out of the darkness -- step Bud -- ready to pounce ... bud where the hell you be ? ( jesse 's look ) two day missin ' , you break protocol . Three , and you be a flight risk . Agents will hunt you ass down . jesse ( anger spike , pace ) I can not keep doin ' this . I can not fuckin ' breathe . even the shadow get eye . bud this be the job . if I do not hear from you , I can not protect you . jesse ( in he face ) protect I ?! I about get my head fuckin' shot off , ' cause you guy be " protect " I ! bud that be not my guy ! jesse I do not give a fuck -- I do not want you protection ! I want out ! bud there be no " out . " not for either of we . not till it 's do ... ( low , definitive ) get I that list . jesse stare -- a malevolence in he eye that freeze Bud to the spot . then , jesse climb in he truck and drive off . CUT to : int . braddock's office , east baton rouge parish precinct - dawn Bud pace ; braddock sit at he desk . bud I be losin ' he , Mike ... braddock just relax . we gotta let thing settle , that 's all . bud it be not gonna settle , it 's gonna blow . I can feel it . braddock what do you want I to do ? bud push them back . braddock who ? bud the fed . all this suit , fuckin ' outsider . everyone . get I some room . some time to reel this thing in . braddock I will talk to noke . ' see what I can do . black . int . office , steel mill - day Morris ( a nervous wreck , unshaven ) sit across from lucian . kiersey at a adjacent table . morris there 's a investigation underway , fund by the U.S. Attorney . and you be the target . Morris open he briefcase and hand over a pair of dossier . morris they be receive assistance from both the atf and FBI , who be station right here in Henderson . lucian ( pause ) how long they be active ? morris my source tell I three month . lucian put on he read glass , open a dossier . lucian Three month ... lucian peruse surveillance photo : image of ab activity go by in a blur . lucian 's eye absorb , rigid , unerr . kiersey ( read ) this be U.S. Attorney John noke , at the helm . he 's be after we for year . lucian who they get for a mouthpiece ? morris a " mouthpiece " ? lucian who 's the rat in the woodpile ? who the fuck 's give them information ? morris I could not dig that deep . but it 's someone close . ( pause ) I suggest you gentleman disband . immediately . kiersey , forage through report . page after page . each minutely detailed . kiersey lucian ... lucian yeah . kiersey the investigation 's local point be a detective out of East baton rouge . ( beat ) his name 's Bud Carter . on lucian . think ... think ... int . jesse's house - late night jesse , alone in the dark , seat on the couch ... there 's a SOUND outside ... CUT to : jesse move soundlessly through the house , gun ready , toward the back door . jesse's Pov : as the door open slow , he / we see on the porch : lucian seat comfortably in a chair ... lucian could not sleep . jesse look to the darkness . dogwood tree . thick growth . eerie silence ... jesse get something ' on you mind ? lucian ( without look at he ) there 's be a adjustment to the list , jesse ... jesse 's silent . you can CUT the tension with a knife ... lucian we get this ... heathen . a whore of a irishman ... down in baton rouge . he 's protect . get a lot of guy around he . that 's why it pay . that 's why nobody want the job ... that 's why we be here talkin' . jesse who be it ? lucian set a photo on the table , face down with a address write on back . jesse flip over the photo : it 's Bud , in uniform . lucian this cop ... he 's get a mouthpiece ... somewhere . ai not yet figure out who . in the meantime , shut he down . on jesse , a freeze moment . he force out the word : jesse it 's do . with that , lucian get up and leave , disappear into darkness . CUT to : ext . jesse's house - late night jesse climb into he truck and pull out to the street ... CUT to : jesse's truck head up the interstate , crossing into east baton rouge , then drive through dark residential street of Bud 's neighborhood ... I /e. jesse's truck - late night he pull to the curb , park . jesse rack a mossberg sg , load it with solid shot , then lay the gun on he lap . through the windshield : Bud 's house in the distance . and jesse sit there , several moment ... wait ... breathes ... then he exit the truck ... ext . bud be house - late night jesse move -- fast , soundless -- toward the house . with he shotgun , scale the fence , as we -- CUT to : ext . down the STREET , by jesse's truck - moment later a van arrive , stop . no headlight , two hundred yard from the house . inside the van : catfish and buzz . several ab soldier in back , armed to the tooth . buzz that 's he truck . catfish ( nod ) let 's see what he do . the motor tick and tick and ... ext . side yard , bud be house - late night it 's dark , quiet ; but the mute glow of a tv in the live room . jesse move in shadow , shotgun lead ... he stop . listen ... we hear the SOUND of hard water from a sink off-screen ... jesse move toward it ... int . catfish be van - late night catfish , buzz , the soldier watch Bud 's house intently . catfish the fuck 's takin ' so long ? ( beat ) I would have shot that pig dead already ... ' make a pull - pork sandwich . buzz give he a minute . that 's a cop , life there . catfish ( check he watch ) I will give he two . catfish , load he gun , as -- ext . yard , bud be house - late night through a window , we see Bud wash dish . then , slip into frame ... jesse watch he . pulse pound , he mind on overdrive , try to untangle identity and consequence ... then ... he tap the window , and Bud look up ... CUT to : the back door Bud open it : bud jesse . ' the hell you doin ' here ? jesse you be make , Bud . we gotta skin out . back to : int . catfish be van - late night catfish , anxious now , rack he gun again and again . catfish somethin 's wrong ... buzz relax , catfish . you say two minute . catfish fuck you , man ! this do not feel right . buzz just give it a second . ( to soldier in back ) a few more second , right guy ? catfish , breathe hard , bent on bloodsh ... catfish let 's kill them both . let 's do it now , right now , let 's go -- buzz catfish -- catfish ( erupt ) let' go !!! int . bud house , live room - late night Bud quickly dial the phone -- shepard v.o. ( over phone , answer ) yeah . bud ( into phone ) hey . meet I at the office in ten minute . cobb and marandino too . shepard v.o. ( over phone ) why , what 's up ? bud ( into phone ) I will explain later . just get there . now . quick cut as Bud hang up , shove a .38 in he waistband . slam a clip and holster a 9mm . bud ( to jesse ) let 's hit it . Bud and jesse start for the door ... int . catfish be van - late night ab Soldiers load they gun . catfish start the engine ; Pov thru the windshield : jesse and Bud , leave the house . catfish that 's they ! together , you see ?! buzz I see them -- catfish you see ?! they be fuckin ' dead ! ext . bud be house - late night jesse hurry down the lawn . Bud to he chevy . suddenly the SOUND of tire burn ... catfish be van sear down the STREET ... ... the door slide OPEN as ab soldier OPEN FIRE from sub machine gun . jesse drop behind a neighbor 's sedan . Bud dive behind the chevy . round slam through sheet metal , interior , and out the other end . ab Soldiers exit the van , spread and keep firing . jesse 's sedan take hit . window and tire explode . Bud and jesse aim over they roof . take and return FIRE . catfish emerge , kneel and pump shot into Bud 's chevy . the windshield be blown apart -- shatter glass cover Bud . CUT to : int . shepard car , traveling - late night shepard at the wheel . we hear dispatch on the police scanner : dispatcher v.o. ( filter ) all unit : 10 - 17 in progress . 1825 hyacinth . multiple shot fire -- shepard what the fuck ? dispatcher v.o. -- unit please respond ... shepard hit the brake , peel a hard u-turn and slam the gas toward Bud 's house ... back to : ext . bud be house - late night buzz round the van and open FIRE . jesse and Bud cover . they eye connect . Bud signal towards the house . jesse nod ... ... then lay cover fire with the mossberg . ab # 3 be spun and throw . Bud , under fire and fire back , race back into the house . jesse keep firing . I /e. bud house - continuous Bud yank a m - 16 from the closet and slam the door . outside jesse , on he knee , pull a secondary .45 from he waistband and fire over the hood of the sedan . catfish fire he shotgun and jesse's hand explode in half . jesse ( crumble hard ) fuck ! jesse hit the dirt , wrist pumping blood . ab # 4 and # 5 move in for the kill , when out of nowhere -- shepard car speed on scene -- his door kick out ; shepard pump shot , exchanging . buzz come up from behind , aim -- bullet flash and punch through shepard . inside the house Bud swing the m - 16 through the glass and blast away , kill ab # 4 , as jesse stagger toward the house , hold he wrist ... ... and dive inside , then kick the door shut . CUT to : ext . bud be house - same catfish , buzz and ab Soldiers flank the house . int . bud be house - same on the floor , jesse rip out he belt , a tourniquet around the armpit . he hold it with he tooth and tie he arm . Bud reload and slide jesse a .357 python . jesse take it up with he good hand . suddenly in the darkness beyond , muzzle flash discharge . three triple - aught round explode . Bud duck , scramble , as round splinter the wall . a back kitchen door be bashed open and ab # 5 step in , blazing shot . Bud let fly -- firing . Big bore round punch through ab # 5 . his inside hit the wall . we now hear distant police siren approaching ... ext . bud be house + STREET - same a long -haired ab on the lawn fire dozen of shot from a m- 1. catfish and Bud exchange crossfire as ... ... buzz start up the van and catfish jump in , follow by long-hair ... I /e. bud house + STREET Bud run out to the street , m-16 firing at the flee van . bullet shatter the back window as the van speed around the corner through garbage can and a residential fence ... on bud stand there . he turn , and stop when he sees ... shepard inert , bullet-ddend . bud shepard ! ( run over ) no ... Bud hold he partner , horrify . around they , body on the lawn . disabled vehicle . doom overlay the property . timecut : ext . bud be house - minute later pandemonium as the street be clogge with police vehicle and medic unit . braddock arrive with cobb and marandino . Bud move alongside a paramedic wheeling a gurney jesse , with a pressure bandage and splint , onto a ambulance . bud ( turn to braddock ) we run them now , Mike . right fuckin ' now ! braddock ( nod ) what do you need ? smash to : e/ i. lucian be house - front door - pre dawn a huge batter ram knock it right off the hinge . swat , Bud rush in with rifle ... ... room by room . everyone clear . the house be empty . swat # 1 nothing . e/i. steel mill - pre dawn swat team have secure the premise . two helicopter sweep the grounds via spotlight . a manhunt for lucian Adams . inside , cobb on he radio : cobb no one here , Bud ... int . lucian be house - pre dawn Bud listen on he radio as swat officer file out of the vacant house . cobb v.o. ( radio filter ) empty . Bud stand there , infuriate ... CUT to : int . trauma CENTER , our lady of the lake hospital - dawn jesse , unconscious in bed , with iv line re-infusing plasma . Bud be with a doctor , who wash he hand in a sink ... doctor his bleed 's under control . there 's tissue damage . projectile fragmentation in the right forearm . we have most of it remove . two finger be go . a portion of the palm . there 's no chance of reconstruction . ( Bud 's silence ) I will be monitoring he vital . Doctor walk away . Bud turn as a nurse dim the light and pull the curtain , obscure jesse ... I /e. our lady of the lake hospital - dawn Bud , absorb , walk past crowded emergency room activity ... outside braddock be wait . braddock ( stare for a moment ) you have to let go now . Bud say nothing . braddock it 's over . bud it 's not . braddock ( in he eye ) the cover 's blow . lucian 's go . there be not nothin ' leave on this one . Bud , hearing it . feeling every bit of it . braddock get to a safe-house , Bud . ( hand Bud a set of key ) ' squad car over there be you 's . braddock walk off . Bud watch he go . int . squad car , traveling - dawn Bud drive in dark silence . as the hospital recede , Bud pull a flask from he coat , take a drink ... black . fade in : sunlight rise through a gap in the dark sky . ext . cemetary - morning - day later shepard funeral . uniformed policemen salute as a priest give the eulogy . bud at the gravesite , with braddock , cobb and marandino . a salute be fire with rifle . later Bud stand alone . dry-ey , vacant stare . CUT to : ext . east baton rouge street - day flashbulb burst rapid-fire as coroner crew and police secure a crime scene : Richard Morris sit dead at the wheel of he car , a plastic bag over he head fill with blood . in the foreground , light by police light , be Bud and cobb . cobb ... his cranium be smashed with a lead pipe . then the plastic bag . he choke to death while it fill up with blood . bud get i.d.? cobb ' name 's Richard Morris . he 's a top dog lawyer - lobbyist out of Washington . cobb proffer Morris ' wallet . Bud sift through card -- several business , out of state -- then stop cold at one : " Daniel J. kiersey , Attorney at Law " bud put a tap on that line . cobb braddock be not gonna like it . bud do it . braddock arrive on scene . disturb expression : braddock Bud . I just get off with noke . bud and ? braddock we get a problem . CUT to : int . subacute care , rehabilitation ward - afternoon a partitioner bandage jesse 's swollen and stitched hand . two finger and thumb remain . there 's a knock o.s. jesse look up to see Bud enter from the hallway . bud give we a minute , doc. partitioner exit . jesse , raw nerve rake . look to bud. jesse where you be ? cross with : ext . grocery store - austin , TEXAS - day - flashback Lynn emerge from the grocery , look sad and prematurely age . her baby in the cart , tuck between bag of food . FBI # 3 ( tom ) help Lynn and the baby into a unmark car . int . FBI unmarked car , traveling Lynn sit in back with the baby . Tom , at the wheel . tom anything else while we be out , Mrs. wheeler ? lynn no thank you . through the windshield : flashing construction light come into view . a detour . and a team of laborer at work . back to : int . subacute care , rehabilitation ward - afternoon jesse there 's a dozen cop comin ' in and outta this place . no one 's sayin ' shit . ' the hell 's goin ' on ? Bud stare intently , wait for he cue , can not find it ... int . FBI unmarked car - flashback laborer # 1 step into frame with a stop sign . laborer # 1 ( approach Tom 's window ) wait here a moment , sir . a crane move past , hoist steel . Tom idle the engine . then : laborer # 1 ( gesture ) thanks for wait . go ahead . Tom drive onward , glance in the rearview : at laborer # 1 watch they pull away , recede in the distance ... int . subacute care , rehabilitation ward - afternoon jesse get I out of here , Bud . I want to see my family . Bud , the pit in he stomach widen , struggle to say : bud there be no family . int . FBI unmarked car - flashback Tom - calm and alert - look to he right - sees a child 's bicycle park on the sidewalk . a backpack affix to the handlebar ... explode a massive goex blast in two direction . hit the car' rear door , cutting steel . windshield of parked car shatter . neighborhood home . the car be blown sideways and wrap around a light post . the car' front door drop OPEN and tom crawl out . charree . burning . last gasp of life . ext . another residential STREET - moment later a cargo van pull up and park . the Labor team abandon it , dump glove and outer clothing into plastic bag , revealing : a crew of ab soldier lead by catfish . the bag go in the back of a wait suburban . catfish take the wheel . the crew climb in , drive away . back to : int . subacute care , rehabilitation ward - afternoon on jesse . absorb this . his face begin to tremble . eye press shut . they fill with moisture as he look away . hold on bud . quiet . struggle to hide he own emotion . bud I be sorry ... and he walk out . int . hallway , rehabilitation ward moving with bud , as he head for the exit . under harsh fluorescent ... CUT to : ext . southdown be bar - night pour rain . it 's a madhouse outside . a crowd be gather around a police action in progress . medic be tend to the break nose of a bartender ( pete ) in he 30 . metro cop # 1 stand by . a car pull up and cobb get out with marandino . they approach the bartender . bartender ( to Metro # 1 ) he 's out of he mind . ' ask he to slow down ; and he punch I in the face . cobb and marandino approach . cobb ( to bartender ) hey , Pete . you alright ? bartender I be alright . the bar be not . marandino ( to Metro # 1 ) we will smooth it out . clear the street . cobb and marandino start toward the bar . int . southdown be bar - night the place be a mess . chair break , table overturn . Music blare on the jukebox . and empty except Bud ... three sheet to the wind , drunk . pace the ruin with he 9 mm in hand ... bud y'all fuck with I ? huh ? you want to fuck with I ? cobb and marandino peer in the doorway to see Bud , shouting and threaten a vacant chair . cobb Jesus Christ . Bud flip another table . continue talk to the chair as if someone be in it . bud ' look at I when I talk to you . ( aim he 9mm ) you try and kill I ? you like killin' woman and kid ? Bud holster he gun and beat the shit out of the chair . cobb o.s. Bud ... Bud spin , glass - eye and red-face . his waver vision can barely make out cobb and marandino approach ... marandino easy , Bud ... easy ... cobb we get you here , Bud ... it 's just we . hear I ? Bud stand he ground , try to keep he balance ... cobb let 's go home ... there 's a long moment . Bud stare at he crew , go . then he 's suddenly overwhelm with emotion ... int . rehabilitation ward - morning two FBI agent # 4 and # 5 walk together down this sterile corridor . they stop outside jesse 's close door . a uniform police officer be post there , read a newspaper . FBI # 4 we be here to escort Mr. wheeler . police officer ( hold up a chart ) sign this . FBI # 4 sign the chart . the two agent enter ... int . jesse's room jesse 's bed be empty . the window open . curtain billow . FBI # 4 check the bathroom . FBI # 5 open the bathroom door . empty . both Agents hurry to the window , see outside : a large tree six foot out from the ledge and a break branch at street level . a seemingly impossible escape route . FBI # 4 ( cont 'd ) sonofabitch . this guy 's crazy . int . FBI warehouse - morning a badly hang -over Bud sit with braddock , fitch and numerous agent around a conference table . noke walk the room , say to all : noke this be a atrocity , gentleman . incompetence at it 's high level . I give you my name . my resource . my trust ... carte blanche . and now this handsome face of mine ... can not step foot in Washington , for fear of be laugh off the Hill . noke circle behind Bud ... noke now , I would love to point to local on this . but truth be , they have carry they weight . we be federally fuck ... ( look right at fitch ) because Federal fuck up . fitch wipe sweat , swallow hard . noke so . best idea win , gentleman . chain of command ? Point of procedure ? I do not give a fuck . that 's out the window , just like we informant ... ( beat ) I want jesse wheeler find . CUT to : int . hallway , federal build as everyone file out . braddock say low to Bud : braddock you smell like a fuckin ' distillery , Bud . clean up ... ' find you boy . on bud . tire eye . everything else , and now this ... int . storage garage - day a metal door rise up . jesse , in silhouette , step in . a bare bulb come to light . mottle with fly excrement . jesse unlock and open several samsonite suitcase . stack in grey pack foam be row and row of gun . jesse heft he choice . check line and breach : a 12 gauge shotgun . a colt .357 Magnum . a remington saw - off with pistol grip . Les baer tactical .45 . Glock semi-auto 9mm . Buck knife . Duct tape . 5 - gallon gas can . he load up a gym bag . jesse pull scissors from a groom kit and stand before a grimy mirror . he cut off he hair . then use clipper , shave he scalp and mustache . jesse yank a tarp off a ' 75 beat - up Chrysler . pop the trunk . throw in the gym bag . then drive away . CUT to : ext . bayou ghoula - night a lone , dilapidate house boat sit heavily in the bayou . light on inside . dense fog overlay . int . house boat - night Long - Hair on the couch , watch tv , drink liquor . speed metal music blast from a stereo somewhere . there 's a metallic bang o.s. Long - Hair look up . the screen door rattles . Long - Hair grab a aluminum bat , slowly approach ... long -hair who 's there ? sudden surprise as the screen snap off and a silhouette break the glass , open it . long -hair what the fuck ?! long-hair rush for the door as the butt of a 12 - gauge slam down like a tomahawk . Long -hair collapse with a shattered knee and mute scream . jesse step in , rack the gauge with one hand , take aim on the helpless Long -hair writhe on the floor . CUT to : ext . house boat - night the front light go out . a terrible darkness . int . hallway , house boat - night a door fly open . jesse , eye darting , push Long -hair in . bandage hand clamp to the collar . shotgun at the neck . they move down a dark hallway . speed metal throbs , grow louder ... Long - Hair , gash gush , leg crunch with each step ... they turn another hallway ... Light spill from under a door , shadow behind it ... jesse edge Long -hair forward , reach the doorway , creep through ... int . bedroom the door swing wide on the room , revealing : buzz , on the bed , furiously fuck a dark - haire hooker , over a bureau . as Long - Hair round the corner ... buzz look up , sees jesse . dive for a gun . chrome flash . everything explode at once . the wall detonate and buzz go down . shock . choke . blood jut from he side . he try to get up . can not . the hooker scream and cower terrify in the corner . jesse pump , aim through the haze and fire again . stereo explode . music cut out , plunging we into silence . jesse toss clothes to the hooker . jesse get out . the hooker do . int . bedroom - minute later two chair . buzz and Long -hair back to back . hand and foot tie . blood spigote . jesse circle they with the shotgun . the boat rock gently . jesse we get some shit to discuss . buzz , to jesse , unintimidate : buzz ai not get nothin ' to say to you , wheeler . long -hair ( top of he lung ) I need a doctor ! I need a fuckin ' doctor ! in one motion , jesse rack the shotgun , thrust the barrel to Long -hair 's chin and blows he head off . buzz scream , rear up , chair collapse beneath he , dragging a dead Long -hair along the floor , still tie together . buzz fuck ! fuck ! oh , fuck ! jesse House call . jesse yank buzz up . his chair rock upright , into place . jesse where 's lucian ?! buzz I do not know ! jesse punctuate , shotgun butt against buzz 's head . neck snap . teeth rattle . buzz no one know where lucian be ! no one know - jesse strike again , connect . buzz go down in a heap , eye swollen purple slit . his skull gush red . buzz ...fuck ... jesse step over buzz , pin the shotgun to he jaw . jesse who kill my family ? buzz ah shit , man ! jesse shift he aim a inch , pull the trigger . shot reverb hard . buzz scream , hysteria . jesse ( rack another shell ) who kill ' em ?! catfish ?! buzz catfish , yes , yeah ! fuckin ' catfish ! jesse put down the shotgun . pull from he gym bag , two can of gasoline , one of which , he splashes over buzz 's face . buzz ( flinch ) the fuck be that ? ( sniff , realize ) wait , wait ! what be you doin '?! jesse pour the rest over buzz and the lifeless long-hair . buzz ( thrashing ) no ! no , no , no , don 't !! don 't !! as buzz plead for he life , jesse unload the shotgun , dead aim ... fire . the muzzle flash . gasoline ignite . buzz goe up in flame . instantly , a FIRE erupt . buzz and long-hair 's corpse burn . jesse empty the other can of gas , feeding the flame . the FIRE spread . burning the wall . the floor and ceiling . jesse stand there , the heat reflect the intensity in he face . for a moment , it 's a vision in hell . CUT to : ext . house boat , bayou ghoula - pre dawn engulf in flame . siren and light as FIRE truck and FIRE boat douse the burn boat with hard water . among a crowd of spectator , the shake hooker be be question by marandino . Bud and cobb stand apart . cobb we have have a tap on kiersey 's line forty eight hour now . it 's clean . whatever 's he 's up to , Bud , it be not comin ' through the front door . Bud start leave the scene . suddenly fitch and two agent barge forward . fitch Carter ! we need to talk . bud get out of my way , fitch . fitch ( follow Bud ) this be my investigation . jesse 's cowboy bullshit be not how it 's do ! bud while you agent build they case and set for court , he will erase the debt owed to all of you . overnight . fitch so you be imply I should thank he ? Bud shake he head in disgust , keep walk ... fitch look , Carter , whether we like it or not , you and I have to work together on this . we entice jesse back . I will get he full protection , if he agree to testify . bud that will never happen . fitch why the hell not ?! bud ( turn ) ' Cause it 's over , fitch . it 's do . he have nothing . why do you think he light that fire ? to plant a flag . to let we know he do not need we protection . do not want it . he would have just leave them for dead . fitch for God sake , listen to I ! I be not take the fall for this ! the plan be -- bud no , the truth be , fitch , you be not get ball big enough to relate to this guy . if you have listen to I , we would not be in this situation . jesse would not be in this situation . and you would not be askin ' stupid fuckin ' question ! ( walk away ) I will bring he in myself . just keep you agent off my ass . Bud storm off . black . fade in : ext . whiskey BAY ( bleach bypass ) - dawn - imagination Lynn stumble through the wood , hold she baby . scare . lose . they skin bleach - out . eye hollow . like apparition . we be in a dream . a sadistic enhancement . dissolve to : jesse's eye his family 's image dissolves inside they . widen to reveal jesse before a crack mirror in a service station bathroom . perspire , he re-bandage he hand as blood swirl down the drain . int . corridor , courthouse - morning a expensively dress kiersey emerge from a courtroom , flanke by a pair of well dress aide . kiersey get back to the office . follow up on the Arthur bierce case . I need name and number on my desk by three pm . the aide scurry down another corridor , as kiersey exit the building through the glass front door ... int . underground parking garage - morning kiersey move to a park cadillac pop the trunk and set he briefcase inside , when ... a rushing Pov from behind : slam the trunk on kiersey 's hand . kiersey scream , drop to he knee . his wrist wedge in the trunk . and stand over he ... be bud. kiersey oh , christ ! jesus christ ! my hand ! bud you know who I be ? kiersey OPEN the trunk ! please ! OPEN the trunk ! Bud kick he in the stomach , double he over . bud you know who the fuck I be ?! kiersey yes ! bud who 's Richard Morris ?! why be he kill ? no answer . Bud pound on the trunk . kiersey cry out . bud I will break every fuckin ' bone you get . start talkin' . kiersey ( hyperventilate ) I can not -- I can not -- Bud slam both fist on the trunk . all he weight . bud ( off kiersey 's scream ) can not what ?! what can not you do ?! Bud , enraged , kick kiersey 's rib in . again . bud you piece of shit , talk ! kiersey ( hysterical ) he make jesse ... the investigation ... everything ... bud his family ? kiersey everything ! after that , he be just a loose end ! Bud open the trunk . kiersey crumble to the ground , shaking . bud where 's lucian Adams ? kiersey I do not know ! Bud jam a foot in kiersey 's neck . grab he hand and bend . we hear bone snap . bud lucian 's goin ' down . you either go down together , or you give he to I . kiersey ( a mile a minute ) I never talk to he directly ! I swear , they page I -- Bud roughly search kiersey . kiersey -- every night at five , for a six o'clock call ! they page from different number ! Bud find a pager on kiersey 's slack , yank it off . then lean down with a smile , venomous : bud you be a dead man , kiersey . Bud storm off . kiersey on the ground , a tremble mess . CUT to : int . catfish hideout - day catfish do a rail of meth off the counter . he light a cigarette and sit down in a re-upholster lazy boy where a tattoo artist be set up ... catfish proffer he forearm , display a row of notches ( kill ) . and tattoo artist begin to outline two more ... tattoo artist ' Bout out of room , catfish . you best start collectin ' scalp . catfish smug . drag on he cigarette ... when a sudden gunshot sprays catfish with blood . tattoo artist drop dead on the floor . catfish ( look up ) what the fuck ?! jesse , stand over catfish . a .45 come down twice fast with a crack ! catfish be knock cold . int . bud be car - day Bud , on police radio , drive high -speed . bud what do you get ? intercut : int . metro office - same Bud 's voice over speaker phone . marandino on the line with a sheaf of paperwork . cobb enter . marandino he 's in the french Quarter . all number paging kiersey between five and six p.m. , the last seventy - two hour , be pay phone within a three mile radius . bud alright . cobb Bud , you gotta talk to braddock . he 's lookin ' for you , he 's fuckin ' piss . bud hold he off . I will square it with he when I get to the Quarter . Bud punch the gas , travel 90 mph . int . catfish hideout - day catfish eye blink awake - pinpoint dilate . widen to reveal he 's stripped to he boxer , tie to the lazy - boy . and jesse be seat beside he . jesse I be gonna ask question ... jesse roll a tattoo tray of various hardware towards he : Needles . rust plier . a electric tattoo drill . jesse when I be satisfied with you answer , I be gonna kill you . how long it take and how much blood you want to spill ... that 's up to you . catfish grin . a wide , amphetamine smile . catfish what do you want to know ? want to hear about you brother ? how we have he shot up with strychnine ? how he die slow death ? without warning , jesse grab the plier . a flash of movement , and there 's a terrible scream as catfish front tooth be ripped out . he buck violently in he chair . jesse jam the drill into catfish 's gum , high speed . blood sprays . loud , electric pain and catfish cry out in terror . jesse set down the drill , deadpan . catfish oh , you sonofabitch !!! jesse four day ago , my wife and son be kill . ( pause ) I hear you take the contract ? catfish smile . lip quivering with hate . catfish forty -four pound , miznay -schardin . like you teach I . fuck yeah , I take it . blew you bitch and kid sky high . jesse grab the plier , yank another tooth . catfish howl . catfish motherfucker !!! blood spews as the drill dig in . catfish scream . jesse toss tooth on the tray . catfish ( thrashing wildly ) oh , you're gonna die ! you're gonna fuckin ' die ! jesse grab catfish 's rapidly swell jaw and yank hard . jesse where 's lucian ? jesse tightens he grip . vice-like . blood fill catfish 's mouth . he gurgle , then spit in jesse 's face ... ... flash of steel and two more tooth rip out at the root . catfish scream then pass out . jesse slap he awake . jesse where 's he hidin ' out ? catfish , last ounce of spite , crack a blacken grin : catfish get fuck . the drill strike . bone deep . gum line splay open . teeth crack and split . catfish scream uncontrollably . black out . jesse stop . a brief reprieve . he get up and look around the apartment . sees : magazine . a few revolver . empty liquor bottle . meth on the counter . and on the stove : a hypodermic needle . beside a pie tin , speed base boil . jesse stare . he lower the syringe into the tin , plunger up , draw fluid ... ... then very deliberately stick catfish 's arm with the tip of the needle , pop a cc . catfish bolt awake , eye wide . a long , wet wheeze . jesse where 's lucian ? catfish 's head lull . jesse grab he by the hair . leans in . jesse where 's lucian ? catfish ( barely audible ) New Orleans ... jesse New Orleans . where in New Orleans ? catfish New Orleans ... jesse look catfish dead in the eye . and death be there ... begging . jesse ( softly ) I believe you . with that , jesse push the plunger down ...ever ...so ... slowly . blood burp and bubbles from catfish 's throat . lung convulse and spasm . Eye go wide then roll back . a suicide dose . CUT to : jesse's car racing up I - 10 , along the roaring Mississippi , toward a blood red horizon of a Louisiana sundown . ext . french quarter , new orlean - establish - dusk Cars line crowded street in the heart of New Orleans . I /e. bud be car - lower french quarter - dusk tight on a dashboard clock : 5:04 p.m. Bud , wait , park outside a police precinct in the lower french Quarter . kiersey 's pager on the dash . wait . then : the pager buzy . Bud grab it , hurry out to a nearby pay-phone . dial ... bud ( into phone ) it 's Bud . I get a number . intercut : int . computer lab , east baton rouge parish precinct - dusk cobb on a database , phone cradle ... bud v.o. 504-767-8092 cobb ( type , search ) Governor nicholl wharf . between St. Ann and toulouse . you be a half mile south . bud get you ass down here . Bud slam down the phone . jump in he car . Hit the gas . ext . governor nicholls wharf - dusk a busy promenade near the down river end of the Mississippi . Bud wait low in he car , park in a distant lot . through the windshield , we see the subject of he surveillance ... a pay - phone on a crowded sidewalk . face pass . a man in a jacket arrive at the phone . he wait . check he watch ... ... Bud check he clock : 6:10 the " jacket " pick up the phone and dial ... kiersey' pager goe off . bud here we go . jacket wait . no call . walk away . Bud follows on foot ... ext . french market - dusk a sprawling swirl of humanity , live jazz and bar . the jacket pass through . twenty foot back , Bud keep pace ... another phone booth jacket enter . pump coin into the pay - phone . dial ... receptionist v.o. ( recording ) you have reach the law office of Daniel J. kiersey -- jacket hang up . more coin . another number ... kiersey' voice v.o. ( recording ) hello , you have reach the kiersey residence . no one 's home right now -- jacket hang up . exit east onto barracks STREET . glance over he shoulder , then ahead , as Bud round the corner ... ext . decatur avenue jacket cross into a liquor store . Bud stall at the corner , case the street . take everything in . he reach for he cigarettes , find a crumpled back . then cross the street to ... a newsstand outside the liquor store . Bud busy cigarettes and a newspaper . he open the paper , glance at the headline . at the same time , peer into the liquor store window ... ... the jacket walk toward the back of the store and out a door to a alley . Bud head south on decatur . light a cigarette , as he pass various store on the block . a private two -story building with black out window at the far end : " tibedaux be tavern " . Bud turn into ... ext . a cobblestone alley line with boutique on one side . back of tibedaux 's on the other . a cargo gate be up and men be hoist crate into a truck ... the jacket be there , talk to they : jacket should have be on the road twenty minute ago . hurry it up . Bud pause at a dress shop . stare into the storefront glass , reflect the jacket and Men ... jacket walk off . Bud flick he cigarette , enter ... int . the dress shop ... and peer out the window , watch the jacket leave the alley and enter a french colonial . int . french colonial , lobby - dusk a security guard behind a desk . as jacket walk in ... security guard what 's goin ' on , Jack ? jacket move through a warren of corridor . harden men shuttle in and out of private office . plates on the door : " material management . " " plate &amp ; Metal " . " demolition " ... jacket knock on a door . open it to ... int . private office a bulk - out man at he desk ... mill . look up as jacket enter : mill talk to I . jacket get nothin ' to tell . kiersey do not call . mill try he office ? jacket ' ai not there . his home neither . Mills pick up the desk - phone . dial ... mill ( into phone ) it 's Mills . I need sweeper through baton rouge . find Daniel kiersey . ( then to jacket ) keep pagin ' he . ext . decatur ave + esplanade - dusk jacket exit the Colonial and enter a corner cafe . inside , we see jacket move to a pay- phone and dial ... int . low -rent HOTEL room - dusk on kiersey' pager , as it buzy again . reveal : bud now seat at the window of this second - story room , use binoculars to case the surround perimeter . bud c'mon . show I somethin' . Pov through binoculars : as the night come alive . truck pull to and from the alley . patron valet and enter tibedaux 's . CUT to : int . east baton rouge parish precinct - dusk braddock , walk down the hall with two policemen , unlock a heavy door and enter ... a holding room ... where kiersey wait . pale skin , bead in sweat . both hand in cast . braddock Mr. kiersey . I be Captain Mike braddock . how can I help you ? kiersey detective Bud Carter be out of control ! braddock ( correct he ) detective " Lieutenant . " now how can I help you ? kiersey , a shaky breath . kiersey how long till you make a arrest in you investigation of lucian Adams ? braddock , just stare . kiersey I be willing to provide you with document and information to secure he conviction . braddock why ? kiersey why do you think ? I be afraid for my life . ( and the hammer ) I will confirm whatever jesse wheeler 's give you . ext . french quarter - night aerial shot : looking down as a town car circle the block . cobb v.o. ( radio filter ) get a possible here . ext . cafe , decatur ave - night the town car pass slow ... reveal now : marandino , stake , have dinner outside the cafe . crowd table around he . cobb v.o. ( radio filter ) town car. Black . second time around . moving with the town car , as it turn onto esplanade avenue and park before the Colonial . reveal now : cobb , in a nondescript van . park a quarter block off esplanade . he triggers photo through tinted glass . still photo click -- the town car door open . two ab soldier step out . bulge where they holster be . then a third man from in back : a boss , harold kay , 5as . cobb ( into radio ) Bud , you see this ? int . HOTEL - night bud Pov through binoculars : Kay escort into the Colonial . I /e. cobb be van - night park on chartres Avenue . cover the alley . with binocular , he can see the high point of the Colonial . and we see now , Bud have this place surround . cobb ( as a light go on , into radio ) they be on the second floor . int . HOTEL room - night Bud grab the phone . dial ... intercut : int . captain office , east baton rouge parish precinct braddock on the line : bud v.o. ( over phone ) it 's Bud ... braddock you better have something fuckin ' good . bud I be in the french Quarter . sittin ' on ab activity . braddock lucian ? bud do not know yet . I get harold Kay so far . braddock look to the ab organizational chart on the wall . mug shot of harold kay atop one branch of ab soldier . bud look like they own the God damn block . braddock well I get kiersey just walk in . two fracture wrist and scared as all hell . bud I can explain -- braddock he want to make a deal , Bud . I can keep noke in the dark twenty - four hour , but that 's it . cobb 's voice come over the radio : cobb v.o. ( radio filter ) Bud , we get movement . bud ( into phone ) hold on , Mike . Bud cradle the phone , pick up the radio : bud ( into radio ) go ahead ... I /e. cobb be van - night out the back windshield : a lincoln arrive at the cafe . car door open ... cobb click photo -- another boss emerge , edgar bingham , flanke by two more ab soldier . cobb ( into radio ) Holy shit . int . HOTEL room - night bud Pov through binoculars : Kay and Mills exit the Colonial . bingham and Kay shake hand . cobb v.o. ( radio filter ) it 's cookin ' , Bud . it 's cookin ' fast . bud ( into phone ) Mike , I have get Edgar bingham now . just show with two of he crew , for a sit down with Kay . intercut : braddock he scan the ab chart again . mug shot of harold bingham atop another branch of ab soldier . ext . decatur avenue - night bingham , Kay , Mills and two Soldiers start toward the cafe . cobb v.o. ( radio filter ) marandino , they comin ' you way . marandino look up from he table , to find this crew of man walk right for he . marandino stare . a freeze moment ... int . HOTEL room - night Bud throw down he binocular and take up a .50 caliber burrow rifle , lay a eye on the scope . bud Pov through the scope ( magnified ) : the cross-hair find Kay and bingham move toward marandino ... bud ( into radio ) get them . ext . cafe - night the crew of man get closer now , a few yard away ... marandino - heart racing - slide he brown 9 mm out and slip it onto the table , below he napkin , aim ... ... when the crew abruptly turn and enter the cafe . marandino exhales relief ... int . HOTEL room - night marandino v.o. ( radio filter ) they be inside . Bud sit back . then : kiersey' pager buzy again . ( the cafe number ) bud ( grab phone , to braddock ) Mike , I need kiersey to place a call . five minute , or this opportunity 's go . braddock ( into phone ) give I the number ... int . cafe - night - minute later bingham , Kay and Mills at a booth , sip coffee . two Soldiers guard the front and back door . Mills look at jacket , who wait by the pay-phone . both noticeably on edge . finally -- the pay - phone ring . mill ( to Kay + bingham ) Excuse I . he get up , walk toward the phone . when jacket answer , Mills take the receiver from he . mill ( into phone ) yeah ... int . hallway phone , east baton rouge parish precinct a nervous kiersey on the line . braddock , policeman nearby . mill v.o. ( over phone ) we have be pagin ' you over two hour . where the fuck you be ? kiersey I apologize . I have be tooth and nail with the d.a. , in court , all day . mill v.o. everything good ? kiersey everything 's fine . just lay low . regular time tomorrow . Mills hang up . kiersey turn . pale . to braddock : kiersey now get I protection . int . cafe - night Mills return to the booth . Kay and bingham look at he . bingham so ? mill all good . let 's eat . ext . cafe - night marandino watch as bingham , Kay and Mills pull they coat on and exit the cafe ... marandino ( into transmitter ) call go down . int . HOTEL - night bud Pov through the scope : watch as bingham , Kay and Mills enter tibedaux 's tavern . marandino v.o. ( filter ) enter tibedaux 's tavern ... int . tibedaux be tavern - night a busy nightclub crowded wall - to- wall with patron . follow Kay , bingham and Mills , pass table , greeting " connect " type ... and through a far door into a back room . ext . chartre + esplanade - night follow marandino as he walk down the street , knock on the back of the Van . int . cobb be van - night cobb , now dress in evening attire , throw open the door and marandino climb in . they exchange transmitter for headset and cobb leave the van for the street ... ext . tibedaux be - night cobb approach the front door , where a pair of large doormen stand . doorman # 1 can we help you ? cobb just lookin ' for a drink and a bite to eat . doorman # 1 think you will find what you be lookin ' for across the street . ( gesture ) try the cafe . cobb stare at both doormen # 1 and # 2 , immovable force . cobb alright . thanks . int . HOTEL room - night bud Pov through binoculars : cobb leave tibedaux 's and position himself at a outdoor table in the cafe . cobb v.o. ( radio filter ) negative at tibedaux 's . can not walk in . what 's we move ? bud ( into radio ) we wait . dissolve to : ext . street - night to late night - time lapse shot of cobb and marandino wait . patron empty out . Cars drive away . dissolve to : int . HOTEL + cafe - late night shot of bud he wait . and wait . and nothing happen . finally : marandino v.o. ( radio filter ) I have get movement . back alley ... int . van - late night Pov through the windshield : back of tibedaux 's . a balcony guard emerge with a rifle , post . bud v.o. ( radio filter ) talk to I . marandino ( into radio ) I have get a man on the south balcony . armed . the door below open and a second guard step out , post . marandino ( into radio ) second man at the door now . Street level . possibly armed . suddenly headlight flood marandino's rear windshield . marandino duck , a reflex action . ext . decatur light from a cadillac and a grand marquis appear and come down the street - past cobb - slowly . black out window ... int . cobb' car Pov through windshield : as the car turn into the alley ... marandino ( into radio ) a cadillac and a Grand Marquis , just pull in the alley . ... and stop behind tibedaux 's . passenger door of both car open , two ab soldier emerge . they open the rear door of the cadillac and shadow the man they be escort : lucian . balcony Guard look on as door Guard allow lucian and he Soldiers to enter the building . marandino ( tense , into radio ) Bud ... we get lucian Adams ... int . HOTEL room - late night Bud , pulse building to a boil . bud ( into radio ) hold position . give I a head count . marandino v.o. ( filter ) two man flanking . driver have not leave the car . initial perp still on post . lucian 's enter the building ... Bud pull on a kevlar vest , holster a .45 . extra clip on the waistband . check a load pump sg . ready . int . van - late night marandino , fasten on a vest , load a 12 - gauge , lock . suddenly , through the side window ... a lone figure , in a quarter trench , move past . it happen in a flash . marandino look , sees only a quick profile as the figure cut between park car and walk across the street ... marandino ( into radio ) I need eye on a single , white male crossing esplanade . possible intent ... ext . cafe - late night cobb look over he shoulder , sees the figure 75 yard away , move briskly across esplanade ... we still can not see he face . int . HOTEL room - late night Bud grab the rifle , eye on the scope , aim out the window . Pov through the scope : as the cross - hair find the figure walk . see the body . then the face ... it's jesse . on bud , spin now . bud ( beat , into radio ) it 's jesse ... cobb v.o. ( quickly , radio filter ) he 's head toward the alley , Bud . we take he down ? bud Pov through the scope : the cross -hair fix on jesse be head - tracking - rack focus ... this decision ... he have to decide ... and he do : bud let he go . cobb v.o. what ?! bud ( firm ) let he go . cobb v.o. Bud , that 's crazy ! jesse go in first , he 's gonna blow this whole thing . we can not let that happen . bud ( intense , into radio ) that 's exactly what we be gonna do ! we get no way inside . let jesse go in hard and draw fire . he push lucian out to we . stand the fuck down . I be on my way . Bud throw down the rifle , grab the pump sg , run out the door ... int . van - late night marandino , sweep the alley with he binocular . no jesse . marandino ( into radio ) I do not see he . I get nothin' ... Pov through binoculars : ( pan up ) to the balcony . muzzle flash suddenly ignite . balcony Guard be shot dead . marandino fuck ! jesse stride into view . draw a silence tactical .45 and fire , put two hard round into door Guard . both driver get out . jesse pivot , hammer two round to they head . they drop cold . it happen in second . marandino ( into radio ) Shots fire ! Shots fire ! int . HOTEL hallway - late night Bud , charge through a FIRE exit , bound down step ... marandino v.o. ( over radio ) jesse hit four man ! what do you want I to do ?! bud ( into radio ) call it in ! local and swat ! get the place surround ! ext . alley + tibedaux be - late night jesse slap a clay plastique with a detonator onto tibedaux 's back door , then cover . there 's a loud explosion as the door blows OPEN . int . tibedaux be follow jesse through billow smoke , into ... a long hallway as he pull a remington sawed - off , sling on a strap , to he leave hand , .45 to he right . mid-hall , ab # 6 look over , freeze . jesse's shotgun roar , reverberating down the hall , and two hole be blown into ab # 6 . int . back room lucian with Kay and bingham . they hear the explosion . Exchange look . int . hallway jesse step over the dead ab # 6 without break stride . come to a door . kick it in ... int . payroll office ... and Mills fire a gun , burn jesse 's ear -- blood pour down he neck -- and jesse 's tactical fire . Mills be hit in the throat . he fall into a chair . and he eye - at the fierce face of death - be fill with jesse , who fire two round . one to the head . that fast . int . back room two ab soldier # 7 and # 8 hurry in . lucian , Kay and bingham stand up . ab # 7 let 's go . we be gettin ' you out of here . all three boss draw gun . lock and load . int . cafe - late night outside , the sound of gunfire be hear . jacket turn to the barkeep . alarm : jacket give I that fuckin ' shotgun ! barkeep lay a shotgun on the bar . jacket reach . when ... cobb ( boar in , 9 mm aim ) police ! take you hand off the gun ! step fuckin ' back !! jacket look at cobb . step back . hand in the air . ext . motel + STREET - same Bud burst outside , full throttle . shout into the radio : bud jam the alley ! no one go in or out ! ext . STREET + alley around tibedaux be - same marandino hit the gas . tire screech as he slide sideways and secure the mouth of the alley . door kick out . 12 - gauge level . ext . front of tibedaux be + decatur ave doorman # 1 , hearing the commotion turn ... ... sees inside the cafe , cobb cuffing jacket and barkeep . doorman # 1 draw a para -ordnance .45 , fire . a volley of shot slam into the cafe . cobb can not make it through incoming FIRE and cover . remain patron scream , drop under table . doorman # 1 keep firing , advance towards the Cafe , when -- boom ! a shotgun blast take he head off -- revealing bud -- behind he , run toward tibedaux 's . I /e. tibedaux's , downstair patron stampede for the door . lucian , bingham and Kay with ab # 7 and # 8 follow ... outside to the STREET ...and Bud be come right for they . close on lucian . the shock of see Bud . lucian fire . Bud kneel and pump shot - hit ab # 7 and # 8 - kill they . lucian , Kay , bingham flee back inside . int . tibedaux's , maintenance room jesse yank off the cover of the main electric panel . he rip out income line and fire into the lighting circuit . CUT to : various room inside tibedaux be fluorescent unit explode , plunging we into darkness . arc sputter and flare , the corridor now strobe-lit . ext . tibedaux be - same cobb run out of the cafe , push through civilian . cobb down ! get down ! Bud pursue lucian ... bud stay on the door ! I be goin ' in ! int . tibedaux be Bud enter - split-second and doorman # 2 open FIRE from the waiter 's entrance . Bud drop and fire back . doorman # 2 go down . Bud run across overturn table and up a stairwell ... int . downstair , tibedaux be jesse emerge . ab # 9 step out , fire . the bullet hit jesse 's vest , knock he backwards . jesse level the saw - off . fire . ab # 9 fall in a heap . jesse rise , keep move ... int . upstair hallway , room - tibedaux be moving with bud enter , kicking down door , sweeping room with he shotgun ... no sign of lucian . int . downstair , back room jesse be come ... ... and the slaughter build . he throw open a door to a bar area . ab # 10 and # 11 FIRE smg wildly , run from the room . jesse unload the saw - off . missing . plaster throw and crumble . a gunshot rip through jesse 's leave arm . the saw - off drop to he side . jesse turn - edgar bingham be firing a service revolver - shot miss as jesse dive behind the bar . harold kay be move down the stairwell . firing a Automatic wildly . bottle and glass explode . bingham keep fire . mirror shatter . behind the bar bullet splinter wood , jesse slam another magazine into the .45 . above he , stray catch light , glass filament explode . int . upstair , hallway + room Bud kick down a door . ab # 12 charge out . grab for Bud ... who break the grab , pull ab # 12' neck down , slam he knee into he forehead twice , knock cold . grab he gun . a hallway door swing OPEN ab # 13 emerge , hammering gunshot . Bud cover . shot blow hole in the wall . a second door open ... and ab # 14 step out , draw . Bud throw he in the way of cross -fire . ab # 13 take ab # 14 's shot . Bud aim past . fire once . ab # 14 be hit dead center and drop like a oak . both man dead . that fast , and Bud be on the move ... ext . alley , tibedaux be - continuous ab # 10 and # 11 run out and swing they smg , firing onto the alley and killing marandino ... then charge to the front -- cobb fire . ab # 10 be blown apart , as ab # 11 fire back , hit cobb in the vest . his rib break , he sit down stunne . cobb ( into radio ) I be hit . I be fuckin ' hit . ab # 11 run past as several black and white now arrive . take and return FIRE -- ab # 11 be shot dead . Police shouting . civilian run , as ... int . back bar area , downstair gunfight ensues . jesse rise over the bar , firing burst into Kay , who tumble down the stairwell like a rag doll . bingham shoot jesse in the hip . he stagger , then fall and roll to he back ... bingham round the bar just as jesse , somehow , lift the .45 and fire two slug into bingham 's chest . bingham collapse on top of jesse . the .45 hit the floor . both man , bleed profusely , thrash along the floor ... int . upstair hallway Bud , racing toward a stairwell , leap down a flight , turn , and run down another . int . back bar area jesse , trap under the heavy bingham , pull the buck knife from he holster and sink it into bingham 's kidney . twist . blood pool . bingham moan ... ... jesse roll the big man over , hoist himself high and impale bingham through the throat . Dead . jesse exhales , struggle up ... rise to he foot ... blam ! - a sudden gunshot out of nowhere . jesse collapse , a bundle of twitching nerve , blood pooling fast out the back of he head ... ... and lucian stand over he , he .357 smoking . lucian turn slow . toward a crack mirror . suddenly ... in the reflection : bud explode down the stair , and slam into lucian with the impact of a truck . both hit the floor . lucian point he gun at Bud 's head , who reach for the trigger guard , shift the barrel a inch -- a round goe off , blowing through bud shoulder -- he yell out , hook he finger in the trigger , stopping the next shot . Bud flip lucian over , rip the gun away . lucian try to break free . Bud grab he - smashes the gun over and over against lucian 's face . lucian 's head bounce . eye roll , then right . lucian quarter roll , then crack a forearm into Bud 's head . again , and Bud be knock back with a gash over he eye . lucian rear back and kick hard into Bud 's sternum . lucian scramble . Bud tackle he into a table , which go down . a chair break . Bud land a thunderous hook and lucian 's nose shatter . another and he cheekbone cave . lucian drop like a rock . tries to crawl under another table . in a maniacal rage , Bud flip the table and stomp down on lucian with furious blow that come one after another . lucian try to cover up . bud be all over he . grab lucian by the throat and press down . lucian , fight to breathe , dig he nail into Bud 's face , tear skin . Bud 's face twist with hate as he choke the life out of he . lucian 's eye bulge ... his mouth stretch wide ... clutching at Bud 's finger , try to pull away ... Bud snort , tighten he grip ... bear down ... and at the last moment , the cop in he reemerges ... Bud let go . lucian roll to he side and cough up a thick ribbon of blood and vomit . Bud slam on restraint . Bud stagger to he foot ... breathe hard ... spot jesse on the floor ... and he slow ... jesse lie in shadow . perfectly still . we can not see he face . only the dark pool of blood around he . lucian pass out . bud ( into radio ) I get he ... I get lucian . slowly pull away and track over the massacre ... ...as police come in ... over body and blood and gun , and up the stair and out a break window , to the crowd in the street hold back by police , past flash light and emergency vehicle ... ...to where life go on in New Orleans . dip to black . fade in : ext . east baton rouge parish precinct - day later the sun be out . the sky above be clear . int . east baton rouge parish precinct - day on bud , as he lead lucian through the bowel of city lock -up . lucian - in prison garb , haggard , dark bruise - look up as they pass a two - way mirror of a interrogation room , sees ... kiersey ... seat , make statement to shepard , who be take note . stack of jesse 's report surround they . Bud walk lucian past , into ... int . interrogation room # 2 ... and lucian sit at a table . Bud across from he . silence hang , several moment . on bud start again , know ... there 's something bigger . a slow smile spread ... bud want a cup of coffee ? the end