bad day at black rock written by Don mcguire and millard Kaufman base on the story " bad Day at hondo " by Howard breslin shoot draft fade in before MAIN title bad day at black rock establishing shot - black rock - part of town : focal point : railroad station abandon , in a extreme state of dilapidation . the structure be blister by the resolute sun , the roof be weather - warpe . dry rot and mildew wage a relentless battle against the foundation . between the building and the track be a long , somewhat narrow platform , its floorboard twisted by time , termite and the element . the match - board overhang of the building , throw some little shade to a portion of the platform , sag and belly . from the overhang be append a rectangular panel on which , in flaky paint , the town be identify : black rock one of the break wire hold the panel be longer than the other , cock the sign irregularly . the railroad track reach endlessly into the horizon . past the town on each side stretch the ocean-like prairie , with sand dune rise and fall monotonously , shoulder each other toward infinity . the morning sun lay over this wasteland of the american Southwest , a gigantic yellow bruise from which heat wave like bloodshot artery spread themselves over the poison sky . a small shack stand next to the station , separate from it by a narrow alleyway and lean toward the larger building , as if for support . the word postal telegraph be arce across its dusty vitrine . a old straight - back chair , reinforce with twisted wire , be tilt against the north - west corner of the shack . in it be Mr. hastings , the postal telegraph agent , a man of middle year and exorbitant mediocrity . he sit there spinelessly , finger a wart on he recede chin and , once in a while , for variety , rub a knuckle under he watery nose . full shot - black rock the town be minute , dismal and forget , crouching in isolation where the single line of railroad track intersect a secondary dirt road . the twin strip of steel glisten in the fierce sunlight , fencing the dreary plain from the false front of the town . in b.g. be the bluff of a black stony mountain . against this ancient mass the house of Black rock 's single street *** ( see map , p.2a ) be scanty in number and insignificant in architecture , a conglomerate paint - peel modern truss together with rusty nail and batter tin strip tear from sign . the town and the terrain surround it have , if nothing else , the quality of inertia and immutibility -- nothing move , not even a insect ; nothing breathes , not even the wind . town and terrain seem to be trap , catch and hold forever in the sullen , abrasive earth . out sequence omit from original script . straight shot - streamliner jarring in its power as it ramrod across the desert , its diesel engine pound . its horn " wonk " twice , blast the shatterable air . full shot - black rock - another angle nothing be change , nothing be alter . but look close and you will see a small shallow current of wind sweeping lazily across the dirt and dust of the single street . hold for a beat , then MAIN title appear . between the ensue credit intercut a series of sharp long shot . the composition of each shot have that hard , sun -beaten texture of american primitive painting -- pressurize in its simplicity -- best exemplify , perhaps , by the work of grant Wood . ext . sam' sanitary bar and grill - angle on doc velie assayer and notary public , mortician to the citizen of Black rock who have depart to a better place , and veterinarian to its lesser animal . a elderly , somewhat untidy gentleman , he sit nonchalantly on a chair outside the bar &amp ; Grill . idling with he be three or four other loafer , among they Sam , the middle - age proprietor of the restaurant . Doc glance casually at he watch ; no one else move . the hot wind continue listlessly down the empty street . out sequence omit from original script . ext . garage - liz brooks a tall , attractive girl of twenty in dungaree and cotton shirt . she stand just outside the open barn - like door of the garage , stare , from the compulsive force of habit , at the endlessly recede track . the sultry wind , its gustiness slightly increase , blow through she fine dark hair . out sequence omit from original script . ext . porch of HOTEL - coley trimble and hector david two enormous man . hector be tall , and there be about he a nasty , raw - bone tautness ; coley be more the anthropoid type -- long thick arm and a round , iron case of a belly . they glance down the street , watch incuriously a dust devil swirl in the wind . now the camera have complete its probe of the town and its denizen . MAIN title and credit be complete ... close shot - mr. hasting still spineless in he chair , the chair still tilt against the shack . from o.s. and far away , we hear the horn of the streamliner -- two long " wonk " , a short and a long ( engine whistle signal for approach to bridge crossing ) . hastings straighten up ever so slightly as he react to the oncoming train . straight shot - streamliner move at tremendous speed . bridge with train barrel toward it . the horn blast -- three short wonk ( engine whistle signal for stop at next station ) . close shot - hasting get jerkily to he foot , as though charge by a galvanic current . the uncharacteristic speed of he movement throw the tilt chair to the station platform . he raise a arm to shield he watery eye from the sun ... hasting ( almost inaudible , as if to himself ) stop ...? shot - train head toward camera , churn across the desert like a juggernaut . it pan past camera in a blur of speed . camera swing up on a level with the great iron wheel as the brake be apply . the wheel shriek agonizingly against the rail , kick up cinder and a wild flurry of dust . she cut speed , brake hiss , and start to slow down . long shot MAIN STREET - black rock shoot from rear of town , toward the railroad track . the townspeople step out , frown , cautious , disturb . the secure ritual of the train pass through , never stop , have somehow , for some unknown reason , be violate . close shot - doc velie as he mouth tighten . his air of placidity vanish , leave he feature disturb . close shot - liz brooks her fine young face stiffen almost imperceptibly . her eye be coat with a vague emptiness . she seem confuse as she halfturn toward the hotel . reverse shot - what she sees coley trimble and hector David , stand on the porch of the hotel . they seem tense , respond variously to what might be fear . coley 's nostril flare , he flat ugly mouth compress . he look profoundly serious . hector wipe a glob of dusty sweat from the socket of a eye and blink rapidly . close shot - hasting as he stand in surprise , nervously alert , watch the train as it come to a complete stop . his jaw droops with the slackness of fear . out sequence omit from original script . ext . station platform with the train stationary before it . a sleek steel door of a pullman clang open . a color porter carry a suitcase walk down the wrought- iron step . he be stately , gray-haire and lean , with the almost finical tidiness traveler associate with trainmen . the man behind he be big-shouldered , a granite - like wedge of a man with calm , pierce eye . there be about he a air of monumental dependability and quiet humor , but he eye be that of a man who have lately live in somber familiarity with pain . his leave arm hang from he shoulder with that lifeless rigidity of paralysis , while the hand be hide in he pocket . another angle - macreedy and porter the porter put the suitcase on the platform . in the distance the town and its people be see stare silently , motionlessly . the big man glance toward they . he smile a sad , distasteful greeting to the town , its wretch dust . its mean , modest building . the porter disappear into the train as the conductor enter scene . he turn slowly , follow macreedy 's gaze ... conductor ( softly , stare at the town people ) man . they look woebegone and far away . macreedy ( look around ) I will only be here twenty - four hour . conductor in a place like this , it could be a lifetime . ( turn to face macreedy ) good luck , Mr. macreedy . macreedy nod he thanks . the conductor signal the engineer ( o.s. ) and step on the train . the diesel 's claxon blast the torrid air ominously . the train slowly , smoothly , begin to move , pick up speed . the car slip past until , quite suddenly , the streamliner be go . for a moment macreedy watch it . then , quite unconsciously , he take a package of cigarettes from he leave hand pocket , tap the last one free of the pack , stick it between he lip and , crumpling the empty pack , drop it beside the track . he take a cardboard book of match , flick it open , bend a match in half with agile finger , and with a sure frictional motion scrape the head against the sandpaper guard . the match flare , the cigarette be light . macreedy inhale , exhales deeply , and turn to pick up he suitcase . then he see hastings , who walk slowly , almost painfully , to he . his Adam 's apple grapples protestingly with he collar . after a moment he control it sufficiently to talk ... hasting you for Black rock ? macreedy ( easily ) that 's right . hasting ( uneasily ) there must be some mistake . I be hastings , the telegraph agent . nobody tell I the train be stop . macreedy ( with a ghost of a grin ) they do not ? hasting ( upset ) I just say they do not , and they ought to . what I -- want to know , why do not they ? macreedy ( shrugging ) probably do not think it be important . hasting important ?! it 's the first time the streamliner stop here in four year . ( swallow nervously ) you be meet ? you visit folk or something ? I mean , whatd 'ya want ? macreedy I want to go to adobe flat . any cab available ? hasting ( as if he have not hear right ; as if he want everyone in town to know ) adobe flat ?! ( he gulp , recover slightly ) no cab . macreedy where 's the hotel ? hastings look at he blankly . the thousand - yard stare of a hypnotic glaze he feature . macreedy ( patiently ) I ask where 's the hotel ? hastings point . macreedy thanks . with he suitcase , he cut across a weedy path , run into Black rock 's single street . for a moment , hastings stare after he ; then he break hurriedly , enter telegraph agent 's shack . int . postal telegraph office as hastings , fumble , pick up the phone ... hasting ( into mouthpiece ) hello , Pete ? now , listen ... reverse shot - MAIN STREET - black rock shoot down the street as macreedy slowly walk toward the hotel . not a person have move , each eye be glue on the stranger . the hollow rasp of macreedy 's tread on the wooden platform of the " pavement " seem shatteringly loud in the envelop silence ... close shot - liz as she follow the man 's movement . out sequence omit from original script . close angle - on macreedy as he walk along . he feel the eye of everyone follow he , glaring at he . he halt , look around . the townspeople continue to eye he brazenly , yet with a almost animal incuriosity . he grin and walk on past a cluster of five or six rfd mail box and a road sign [ 1 ] , its paint peel , its face puncture by three or four bullet from a drunk 's pistol long ago . shot - macreedy head toward the hotel . in b.g. be a relatively small farm equipment yard compress between a general store ( which macreedy have just pass ) and the hotel just ahead . in the yard be a few tractor , and among they huddle a tiny office . it be empty ; the front window be thick with dust . on it , etched by a anonymous , childish finger , be a skull and crossbone . running diagonally across be the print legend : t.j. hate j.s. macreedy note the inscription with a sort of wry bemusement . he walk on , reach the facade of the weather - beat hotel . a gust of wind swirl down the street , momentarily engulf macreedy and the entire area in a sudden eddy whirlpool . as it subside ... another angle - macreedy as he peer through the dust toward the dingy hotel . it have a narrow stoop and outsize bay window on each side . macreedy mount the hotel step . at the top of the step coley trimble and hector David watch he silently . hector be large and leanly muscular , yet coley loom over he like a battleship . he be a gross behemoth of a man , with sharp flinty eye the size of glisten pinpoint and a slack , oversize jaw . both man wear modern western work clothes , but there be one incongruous accessory which hector affect . around he thick wrist be a watch with a large flat face and a elaborately tool leather strap -- a cheap reproduction of one of that expensive swiss timepiece which , among many distinguished accomplishment , tell the day of the week , the month of the year , the phase of the moon , etc. , etc . macreedy ( slow up ) ' afternoon . no reaction from hector . coley ( block doorway ) anything I can do for you ? macreedy you run this hotel ? coley no . macreedy ( pleasantly ) then there 's nothing you can do for I . he brushes past coley and enter . hector ( turn to coley ) find Smith ! coley nod and head down the street . hector enter the hotel . out sequence omit from original script . int . HOTEL it be a typical small town hotel , but crummier , with a tiny lobby . macreedy be wait at the empty desk as hector stroll in , flopping he enormous bulk into a nick and mothy chair . he pick up a newspaper , but he eye remain on macreedy . macreedy wait patiently for the absent clerk . for a moment , he study the open registration ledger ; he eye rove from the ink-splotched blotter up over the desk to one of that World War ii banner , the imitation silk now stain and fade . it depict a shriek eagle rampant , clutching the flag in a claw . under it , the legend : " GOD bless america " near it , a tacky placard proclaim : do all the good you can , by all the means you can , in all the way you can , at all the time you can , to all the people you can , as long as ever you can . feeling the eye of hector on he , macreedy turn . hector meet he gaze with bland , insolent interest . now a young man ( he name be pete ) come out of a small room behind the registration desk and walk up to it . there be a softness about he regular feature , a certain indefinable sugariness about he mouth . he seem tight - lipped , for lorn and uneasy as he face macreedy across the counter . macreedy ( pleasantly ) I would like a room . pete all fill up . macreedy ( a beat ) get any idea where I might -- pete ( stiffly , shaking he head ) this be 1945 , mister . there 's be a war on . macreedy look at the young man with impeccable tolerance . without shifting he gaze , he slowly let fall he small suitcase . it thud softly on the fray carpet . macreedy I think it end a couple of month ago . pete yeah , but the o.p.a. linger on . macreedy look down at the open ledger on the desk before he . the clerk reach out to close it . gently , yet firmly , macreedy stop he , reopening the big book . he study it , a finger straying unconsciously inside he collar . he [ ...] on it to relieve the starchy stiffness . Pete begin to fidget ... pete you do not know about the o.p.a ... macreedy ( without look up ) tell I . pete well , for establishment with less and fifty room hotel keeper get to report regularly about ... his voice fade desperately . pete ... about tenant and ... and ... registration ... ( draw himself up ) there be penalty impose ... again he voice trail off . macreedy ( eye still on the ledger ) you seem to have lot of vacancy . pete ( uncomfortable ) well ... as I say ... macreedy lean over the counter to a rack of key . he run he splay finger over the key rack as ... macreedy lot of vacancy . pete they be everyone of them lock up . some be show room ... macreedy yes ...? pete ( with touch sincerity ) ... for cattle buyer , feed salesmen . the other -- they be speak for , rent to cowboy , ranch hand ... ( macreedy listen respectfully ) they pay by the month . for when they come into town . we provide for they every wish and comfort . ( weakly ) you understand ...? macreedy not really . but while I be ponder it , get a room ready . just for tonight . ( pick key from rack at random ) this one . Pete open he mouth but no sound come out . [ ...] at hector . close shot - hector glower at Pete . two shot - macreedy and pete as macreedy sign the ledger . macreedy ( signing ) sure could use a bath . where be it ? he pick up the key . pete head of the stair . macreedy nod , reach for the bag at he foot . then he hesitates , look at hector . macreedy I do not know just why you be interested -- but the name 's macreedy . I be ... ( grin ) it 's all in the ledger . hector ( slowly , he eye glue to macreedy 's stiff arm ) you look like you need a hand . macreedy say nothing . the wale along he face harden . he pick up he bag and climb the stair . as he disappear , hector lumber to the desk and grab the ledger . hector ( read aloud ) John J. macreedy . from Los Angeles . ( look up ) I wanna know everything he do , Pete . check every call -- any mail . pete ( nodd ) and in the meantime ...? hector ( grin harshly ) in the meantime , I will crowd he a little ... ( look up the stair ) ... see if he 's get any iron in he blood ... as Pete bite he lower lip thoughtfully , dissolve : out sequence omit from original script . int . bathroom - day - macreedy in a new bathrobe , before a crack , discolor mirror . he draw a safety razor down he face , complete he shave ; then he wipe a hand over the mirror , which cloud with steam almost as fast as he can clear it . o.s. , the SOUND of bath water gurgle down the tub drain . he run a tentative finger inside the collar of he robe , pull loose a price tag . he drop it carefully into a wastebasket . he turn on the faucet at the sink to rinse he shave brush . the rusty pipe cough and rumble , roaring as a trickle of water arrive while the drain suck loudly at its departure . he dry the razor , turn off the faucet and exit . int . HOTEL corridor - angle on macreedy as he walk down the dark , narrow hall . he wear the bathrobe and slipper ; a large towel be drape over he head , like a prize fighter . he stop outside a door , push the towel from he head to he neck and put he hand on the knob . he be about to insert the key when he tense . slowly , silently , he turn the knob and throw open the door . int . HOTEL room next to the door , in the corner of the small , sparsely furnish room be macreedy 's suitcase , open , its content askew and scattered over the dusty floor . on the bed sprawl hector David , he gigantic body strain the spring . he lie on he back , hand clasped easily under he head , thick leg cross , he stetson tilt over he low forehead . he be completely unconcern by macreedy 's entrance . for a moment macreedy stare at he . then ... macreedy ( slightly amused ) I think you have the wrong room . hector ( not budging ) you think so ? slowly , he eye still on macreedy , hector take off he elaborate wrist watch and slide it gently into he pants pocket . hector what else you get on you mind ? macreedy pause and take in the situation . he refuse to be bait . macreedy nothing , I guess . hector if you have a mind , boy , you would of hear what Pete downstairs say . he say this here room be for we cowboy . for we every wish and comfort . macreedy and this , I guess , be yours ? hector when I be in town . and I be in town , as any fool can see . you see that , do not you , boy ? macreedy I guess I do . would you mind very much if I sort of ... ( he gesture toward he suitcase and clothing ) ... clean up this mess and get another room ? hector not at all . but if you want this room real bad ... ( he raise he enormous bulk to a sit position , rub the knuckle of one big fist with the palm of he other hand ) ... we could maybe settle you claim without all this talk . ( no answer from macreedy ) if a man do not claim what 's rightfully he and , he 's nuthin' . what do you think ? macreedy I guess so . hector you guess so . but still you be not claimin ' this room ? macreedy I guess not . hector you be all the time guessin' , boy . do not you ever know anything ? macreedy one thing I know . since I get off the train , I have be needle . why ? hector ( after a beat , slowly ) I guess I do not rightly know . for a moment they eye lock . then macreedy go to he suitcase and throw he clothes in it . as he go out the door ... dissolve to : out sequence omit from original script . int . HOTEL lobby - day - full shot - SAM and the loafer they sit around , each with he own thought . they be generally stolid ; only Sam seem nervous . he look up eagerly as Doc velie enter the lobby . as he join Sam ... Sam walk light for a big man , Doc . doc ( straight ) who ? SAM ( irritate ) you know who ! ( Doc grin impishly ; Sam 's anger subside ) what do you think , Doc ? doc why ask I ? he 's no salesman , that 's sure . ( again the impish grin ) unless he 's peddle dynamite . SAM ( squirming visibly ) maybe he 's a cop , or something ... doc ever see a cop with a stiff arm ? SAM ( squinting thoughtfully ) maybe he arm 's all right . maybe he 's just hold tight to something in he pocket ... doc ( scoffing ) like what ? a pistol ? a stick of t-n - t? ( gleefully ) to blow up this whole mangy , miserable town ! ( with sudden , almost naive , seriousness ) why be you so interested , Sam ? SAM who , I ? doc I mean , if I be that interested ... ( he eye look up toward the hotel stair o.s . ) ... I would ask he . Sam follow Doc 's gaze ... reverse shot - what they see 35x1 macreedy walk down the stair . Pete look up from the desk . he be about to dart behind the partition when ... macreedy hey ! hold it ! he walk to the desk , smile at Pete . in b.g. , Doc , Sam and the loafer watch . macreedy get any cigarettes ? Pete study he , then bend under the counter , come up with a pack . Doc leave Sam and be slowly walk toward the stranger , eyeing he curiously . pete this be all . macreedy throw the money on the desk and open the pack , dexterously use the finger of he leave hand . pete how long you stay ? macreedy in my new room , you mean ? ( flatly ) I be stay . pete I mean , in the hotel . macreedy just about twenty - four hour . ( sharply ) why ? pete ( flustered ) I ... I be just askin' . macreedy ( evenly ) why ? you expect a convention ? pete ( doggedly ) I be just askin' . macreedy look at he , inhale deeply on he cigarette then , as he slowly let the smoke out , remove the cigarette and look at it . macreedy stale . now Doc be at the desk not far from macreedy . macreedy start out , then turn to Pete . macreedy where can I rent a car ? pete I do not know . macreedy smile and sigh tiredly . then ... macreedy ( as to a child ) let 's put it this way -- if I have a car and if I want to put gas in it , where would I go ? pete ( refuse to cooperate ) but you do not have a car . doc ( to macreedy ) you might try the garage at the end of the street . macreedy pause , look at Doc , who blandly return he stare . macreedy thanks . Doc nod . macreedy smile and walk toward the door ; Pete , Doc et al watch he . he go out . ext . STREET as macreedy walk down hotel step , a station wagon pull up just before he . tied with a rope to the right front fender be a magnificent eight - point buck . a stain of dry blood weave a uneven course down he glossy flank from a unmistakable bullet hole in he shoulder . two man get out of the car ; one of they be coley trimble . he see macreedy come toward he . he stand motionless in the center of the narrow pavement , pick at he nose with the detachment of a child . the other man be broad and excessively masculine as he swing out from behind the wheel . he walk around the car , join coley at the curb . macreedy come on . the man with coley look at the stranger with colossal indifference , as expressionless as the soil of Black rock . his handsome face , under a dusty hunt cap , be taut and hard and wind -shaven . next to coley he stand motionless , except for the wisp of smoke from a black Cuban cigarette between he thin lip . in b.g. , the loafer who have be ensconce in the hotel lobby move out the door and stand on the porch . they watch macreedy , coley and reno Smith , the handsome , taut - face man . silence soem to settle over everything . it be macreedy who break it ... macreedy ( grin wearily at coley ) here we go again . gently he walk around coley and reno Smith and continue down the street . coley 's eye follow he . Smith go up the step of the hotel and enter the lobby . coley quickly follow he . the loafer on the porch go back inside . int . HOTEL lobby the loafer resume they familiar place as Smith walk briskly to the clerk 's desk . Pete , in anticipation , open the hotel register , place it before Smith pete ( deferentially , gesture toward the open register ) that 's all I know about he , Mr. Smith . Smith do not answer ; he look up thoughtfully . his eye harden almost imperceptibly as he see coley , across the narrow room , look out the window after macreedy . smith ( to coley 's back ) sit down . coley ( spin to face he ) I be only ... smith ( interrupt ) sit down . coley sit in the nearest chair . Beyond Smith , still rest easily against the high counter of Pete 's desk , the gigantic figure of hector appear at the top of the stair . he come down and join Smith . hector ( after a pause ) pretty cool guy . smith do not push easy ? hector ( frown ) that 's it -- that 's just it . he push too easy . maybe we oughtta ... he hesitates as Doc velie sidle amiably into earshot . smith what do you want , Doc ? doc nothing . ( archly ) I be just wonder what all you people be worry about . ( Smith look at he coldly ) not that I have the slight idea . smith you wonder too much , and you talk too much . ( pause ) it 's a bad parlay , Doc . doc I hold no truck with silence . ( impishly ) I get nothing to hide . hector ( suddenly tower over Doc ) what be you tryin ' to say ? doc nothing , man . it 's just , you worry about the stranger only if you look at he ... ( slowly ) ... from a certain aspect . smith how do you look at he , Doc ? doc ( firmly ) with the innocence of a fresh - laid egg . smith ( after a pause ) keep it up , Doc . be funny . make bad joke . ( he start to walk toward the window , Doc and hector follow he ) and some day I will have coley wash out you mouth with lye . Smith look thoughtfully out the window . reverse shot - what he sees macreedy , down the end of the block , saunter easily up to Liz 's garage . ext . liz' garage - full shot the garage , without a door , open on the street . against the front of the building be park a batter bicycle . on one of the barnlike wall a boy of nine be draw laboriously with a piece of chalk . he put the last flourish to a skull and crossbone identical with that see earlier on the window of the equipment yard office . macreedy stop a few foot from he , wait until the boy print " t.j. " . as he step back to admire he handiwork ... macreedy hi , t.j. t.j. nod . he approach the wall , raise he chalk . macreedy this you garage ? t.j. nope . macreedy ( a beat ) where 's the man it belong to ? t.j. ai not a man . he pause . as macreedy open he mouth to interrogate further ... t.j. Lady run this garage . again a pause . t.j. have just complete the final letter of the word " hate " . and again as macreedy open he mouth ... t.j. she 's not here . macreedy where would she go ? t.j. ( shrugging ) I dunno . somewhere . macreedy when will she be back ? t.j. I dunno . sometime . again the pause . t.j. step back , have complete he work , which , of course , broadcast the fact that " t.j. hate j.s. " . and again as macreedy begin to speak ... t.j. in about ten minute . macreedy ( with a grin ) thanks . t.j. turn , pull the bike away from the building , complete a fastidious " pony express " and pedal furiously out of scene . ext . STREET - full shot as macreedy , after a moment 's hesitation , start down it . from the far end , at the telegraph agent 's shack , a figure start run toward macreedy . it be hastings . intercut between the two man . hastings , in he concentration , do not see the stranger until he be almost upon he . he slow down , suddenly , awkwardly , to a self - conscious walk . macreedy grin at he , pass on , shaking he head speculatively . hastings , with a parting glance , gallop up the hotel step . int . HOTEL lobby - full shot Smith , coley , hector , Pete , Doc , Sam et al be still in evidence . Smith be in a tight little group at the desk with coley , hector and Pete . Doc have take a position at the window , look out . hastings burst in and half-run to Smith ... angle favoring smith and hasting as the excited telegraph agent speak . hasting I call the Circle T. he be not get business there -- not if they do not know he . right , Mr. Smith ? Smith ignore he , think . hastings breathes heavily . finally ... smith ( to hastings ) send a wire to Nick gandi in Los Angeles . tell he to find out all he can about John J. macreedy . tell he I want to know fast . sign my name . hastings nod , scribbling on a pad . hasting what be that ? smith Nick gandi . g-a-n-d - i. Care of the blake Hotel . hastings nod and hurriedly exit . coley ( after a beat ) who 's gandi ? Smith look at coley , try to decide if the question in any way challenge he authority . he conclude not ... smith he 's a private detective . ( beat ) I drive to L.A. now and then . hector ( slightly worried ) he will get we the dope ? smith he will get we anything , for twenty buck a day and expense . ( hector frown ) hector , you worry too fast and too easy . hector it 's just , I do not like it . coley maybe he 's just pass through . hector do not bet on it . he can only mean trouble . smith ( smile faintly ) hector , you be jumpy as a stall horse . hector ( doggedly ) we oughtta see he ... talk to he . smith ( quietly ) about what ? ( hector do not answer ) what will we talk to he about ? the bird , the bee ? the weather ? the crop ? ( pause ) you try -- where would it get you ? hector ( uncomfortably ) I only think ... smith sure . you only think . coley ( after a beat ) what do we do ? smith what do you do ? you wait . like Pete here . right , Pete ? Pete nod , he brow furrow uncomfortably in a frown . smith that 's all you do . but while you wait ... I talk to he . at this point the brittle silence be crack by ... doc ( o.s. ) hey ! Smith and that around he look off in the direction of Doc . doc velie - at the window peer out . he turn in the direction of Smith and the other . doc now what do you know ? ( beam ) Mr. macreedy seem to be head for the jail . ( impishly ) now what do you suppose he would want to see the sheriff about ? Smith go to the window , edging Doc to one side with a shoulder . he look out grimly . reverse shot - what he sees macreedy , down the street , cut up the step of the jail . back to scene Smith stare out the window with a frown . Doc watch he out of the corner of he eye , a bemuse expression crossing he puckish feature . out sequence omit from original script . int . jail angle on macreedy as he enter the jail . it be small and dirty , with only a tired desk , two chair and the usual police poster on the wall . one side lead to the cell block and macreedy head for it . angle from interior of cell block comprise two cell , both of which be open . a man be asleep in the lower bunk of the front cell . the key be in the lock . macreedy shake he head and start to close the creak cell door . sheriff tim horn , the man in the bunk , lift he head , blink he bleary eye . he be in terrible shape . tim hold it , friend . he manage to crawl off the bunk and out toward macreedy . tim ( grin ) I be not hankerin ' to get lock in my own jail . macreedy sorry . I think you be a guest . tim as it happen , I be the host . he walk out of the cell , macreedy follow he into the office . shot - of the two Tim break out a bottle of booze , start to take a snort , then stop , offer it to macreedy . tim snort ? macreedy no , thanks . tim do not blame you . it 's awful . he take a belt that would incapacitate half the county . he finish , smack he lip , lay the bottle down , and fall into a chair . he look up at macreedy . tim ( suddenly mean ) what be you lookin ' at ? macreedy ( easy ) you tell I . tim ( after a beat , relax ) I be not always this bad -- just that last night I and my pal Doc velie , we do a little celebratin' . at least I do . macreedy what be you celebrate ? tim ( shrug ) you name it . ( study macreedy ) what do you want ? macreedy my name 's macreedy . I come in on the streamliner . Tim study he , try to focus . tim you what ? macreedy I say I come in ... tim ( interrupt ) you be not from around here . up Tucson way -- Phoenix ? Mesa ? you be not sellin ' cattle nor seed nor nothin ' like that ? macreedy no. ( sigh , then distinctly as to a child ) all I want from you be a little information . I have get to get to a place call adobe flat . tim ( react ; then , tight - lipped ) this be not no information bureau . macreedy start to say something , then stop . reconsider ... macreedy one thing about Black rock -- everybody 's polite . make for gracious live . tim nobody ask you here . macreedy how do you know ? ( he move toward the door , with a rueful grin ) tim ( start after he ) what about adobe flat ? macreedy I be look for a man name komako . the sheriff reach for he bottle . in he haste he drop it . macreedy 's hand move quickly , catch the bottle before it hit the floor . macreedy almost a disaster . tim ( sink back in he chair ) a fate worse and death . ( he take the bottle from macreedy ) you move fast for a crip ... for a big man . for a moment heavy silence . finally ... macreedy what about komako ? tim ( slowly ) if there 's no further question ... macreedy grin harshly and exit . Tim watch he go , then slowly reach for the bottle . he pause , look at he shaking hand . then he withdraw it and just sit in the chair stare blindly ahead , see nothing . ext . STREET frown , deep in think , macreedy walk down the dusty street . as he reach the hotel ... smith ( o.s. ) Mr. macreedy . macreedy stop , look toward Smith as he walk out to meet he . macreedy that 's the friendliest word I have hear since I get here . as Smith join he , he walk on . Smith fall in step beside he . go with they . smith ( grin boyishly ) my name be Smith . I own the triple - bar ranch . ( hold out he hand ; macreedy shake it ) I want to apologize for some of the folk in town . macreedy they act like they be sit on a keg . smith a keg ...? of what ? macreedy I do not know . maybe diamond . maybe gunpowder . smith ( disarmingly ) no. nothing like that . we be a little suspicious of stranger be all . hangover from the old day . the old West . macreedy I think the tradition of the old West be hospitality . smith ( with a sincere smile ) I be try to be hospitable , Mr. macreedy . ( boyishly push he dusty cap back on he head ) go to be around for a while ? macreedy could be . smith how would you like to go hunt tomorrow ? I would be proud to have you as my guest . macreedy thanks , but I be afraid not . smith ( with admirable candor ) you mean , because of you arm ? ( slap macreedy 's shoulder in a friendly , understanding gesture ) I know a man once , lose a arm in a thresh accident . use to hunt all the time . ( almost too blandly ) but he be quite a man . he ... ( pause ; then , with discreet and charming gravity ) I be sorry . I ... what I mean be -- if there 's anything I can do while you be around ... macreedy I be look for ... ( sigh ) never mind . thanks , anyway . smith ( quietly ) you be look for what , Mr. macreedy ? macreedy ( eyeing he ) a man name komako . smith ( no hesitation ) komako -- sure , I remember he -- japanese farmer . never have a chance . macreedy no ? smith he get here in ' 41 -- just before Pearl Harbor . Three month later he be ship to one of that relocation center . ( shaking he head ) tough . macreedy which one do he go to ? smith who know ? macreedy you think maybe if I write he , the letter would be forward ? smith I be sure it would . write you letter . I will see it get out tonight . macreedy it would not be too much trouble ? smith no trouble at all . macreedy funny . because I think it would be a great deal of trouble for you . it 's be a great deal of trouble for I . at this point they be in front of ... ext . liz' garage macreedy stop , as do Smith . he look keenly at Smith as he take from he inner jacket pocket a half - dozen letter ... macreedy I write this letter to komako . they be not forward . they be return -- address unknown . ( he smile grimly at Smith ) so I guess there 's nothing you can do for I , after all . Smith open he mouth to reply when the noise of a jeep o.s. interrupt he . the jeep come into shot . Liz brook , at the wheel , cut the engine and jump out . Smith amble silently to a wall and lean against it . Liz reach behind the driver 's seat and hoist , with both hand and some effort , a five - gallon drum of axle grease from the floor of the jeep . as she rest it on the rear fender ... macreedy ( go to she ) need a little help ? the girl look at Smith , who have make no attempt to help she . liz I can manage . she lift the drum to the ground . macreedy well , I need a little help . ( she look at he questioningly ) I would like to rent you jeep . liz it will be two dollar a hour , gas extra , and ten dollar for my time . smith ( to Liz ) be not you go to ask he where he want to go ? Liz look from Smith to macreedy , puzzle . smith he want to go to adobe flat . Liz hesitates . macreedy note she confusion as she eye seek Smith 's for instruction . quickly he move in ... macreedy the road 's mark ? liz ( nodd ) yeah . it 's about six -- seven mile down ... macreedy then I will not need you time . macreedy hand she a bill . she fumble with it , not know what else to do . her eye drift to macreedy 's stiff arm ... liz ( uneasily ) I think you might ... need a little help . macreedy I can manage . he step toward the jeep as ... smith Liz . do you have a license to rent car ? you could get into trouble . macreedy it 's all right . I will not mention it to the sheriff . he step into jeep and , with one hand expertly manipulate the control , drive off . mo . shot - smith and liz Smith turn he attention to the girl ... smith ( slowly ) you should not have do that . liz I think it would be better if he go out there and get do with it . ( Smith look at she sharply ) I mean , what could he find out ? for a moment Smith do not answer . instead , with a half frown , he lift the bill macreedy have give she from Liz 's hand . smith ( as he study it ) this be liable to be the hardest ten dollar you ever earn in you life . he crumple it , poke the wad in she hand and walk off down the street as ... quick dissolve : out sequence omit from original script . int . jail - full shot - day Tim sit in he chair , still stare sightlessly at the whiskey bottle . Smith enter . he look from Tim to the bottle on the table , then back to Tim . smith ( after a beat , disinterestedly ) what do he want -- the stranger ? tim ( abstractedly ) he ask about komako . ( look up at Smith ) you think he will kick up a storm ? smith ( easily ) a storm ? about what ? tim I do not know . all I know , I do not want trouble around here . ( pause awkwardly , then ) never again . smith trouble ? you do not know anything about komako , now do you , Tim ? tim I do not . that 's the point . smith the point be , what you do not know can not hurt you . tim maybe there 's something I ought to know . maybe I ought to ask you ... before the stranger come back and start breathe down my neck . smith ( a faint smile ) Tim , you be a lose ball in the high weed . I tell you a long time ago , nothing happen for you to worry about . tim ( stand up , face Smith ) thing be , I do worry . maybe I be not much else , but I be sure a worrier . ( beat , then with soft emphasis ) and I be still the law . smith then do you job , Tim . tim what be my job , Mr. Smith ? maybe I would better find out before macreedy do it for I . smith ( evenly ) macreedy will do nothing , Tim . and neither will you . tim suppose I decide to try ? smith that would be dangerous . you get the body of a hippo , Tim , but the brain of a rabbit . do not overtax it . he stare harshly at the sheriff . Tim try unsuccessfully to meet he gaze . then , slowly , he sit down . tim ( lowering he eye , mumble ) yes , Mr. Smith . Smith slowly walk behind Tim 's chair and silently , patronizingly pat the sheriff 's slack shoulder ... int . telegraph agent office - full shot hastings be sit at he desk . the telegraph ticker start to splutter . hastings rush to it . he listen , and start to scribble . then he gulp nervously , a confuse expression on he face . as the telegraph key stop as suddenly as it have begin , hastings jump up frantically and , hold the sheet of paper , run out of the shack . ext . STREET as he run toward hotel . ext . HOTEL - long shot with Doc , Sam , coley , hector and Pete on the porch . hastings run up the step , pause momentarily . his jaw move , but camera be too far away to pick up he obvious question . coley gesture toward the jail ; then hastings turn and run down the step follow by Doc et al . ext . STREET - full shot hastings run down the street toward the jail follow by Doc et al . ext . jail as hastings run up the step with a hobnail clatter . Smith come out to investigate , follow by Tim . Doc , et al be congregate at the foot of the step . hastings slap the sheet of paper in front of Smith . utter quiet . everyone stare at Smith , wait for a reaction -- everyone except Tim , who stare straight ahead , see nothing , and Doc , whose eye be lock sympathetically on Tim . Smith finish read the wire . his face be expressionless . after a moment ... hector ( to Smith ) from l.a .? Smith do not answer but ... hasting yeah ! from that private detective ! hector ( to Smith ) what do he say ? who be this guy ? hasting never hear of he , that 's what he say ! he check and there 's no John J. macreedy . no list -- no record -- no information . nothing . pete ( quietly , after a beat , to Smith ) where do that leave we ? coley I will tell you where ... smith shut up ! he fold the message carefully , put it in he pocket . abruptly Tim turn and disappear inside he office . Smith , with some restraint , walk down the step to the street . moving shot - smith as he take coley 's arm , and Pete 's . the trio move away , take a position perhaps 15 foot from doc. hector , Sam and hastings move toward they . out sequence omit from original script . ext . railroad track - smith , coley and pete in b.g. at a respectful distance be hector , Sam and hastings . shoot parallel to track , which disappear far into the horizon . the follow dialogue be deliver in a undertone ... smith ( turn to coley ) now , coley ...? coley ( take a breath , then ) I think macreedy 's a nothing . a nobody . smith be he ? coley so there 's nothing to worry about . smith be not there ? ( a beat ) you get brain , you have . coley ( squirming ) but what can he find out ? that komako be ...? ( Smith glare at he ) suppose he find out ? smith a nobody like macreedy can raise a pretty big stink . the point be ... who would miss a nobody like macreedy if he just , say , disappear ? who , coley ? coley be terribly preoccupy , balance himself , like a child , on a steel rail . smith ( exasperate ) coley ! coley ( galvanize from the rail ) huh ? pete why do not we wait ... smith wait for what ? pete I mean , maybe he will not find anything . maybe he will just go away . smith not macreedy . I know that maim guy . they mind get twisted . they put on hair shirt and act like martyr . they be all of them do - gooder , trouble maker , freak . pete but there 's no danger yet . let 's wait and see . smith ( interrupt , appeal to coley as a equal ) no danger , he say . this guy 's like a carrier of small pox . since he arrive , there 's be a fever in this town , a infection . and it 's spread . ( he glance from coley to Pete ) hastings have be in a sick sweat , run around , shoot off he face . Doc , for the first time in four year , get snotty with I . Liz ... ( to Pete ) ... you own sister -- act like a fool . pete ( hotly ) she 's just a kid . smith ( scoffing ) kid ! she must have strain every muscle in she head to get so stupid ! renting he a jeep ! and Tim -- Tim , the rum-dum . Tim suddenly decide he 's gotta act like a sheriff . ( to coley , gesture at Pete ) and he say what 's the danger . brittle silence for a moment . then ... smith ( easily ) of course , if you want to take the chance ... Pete do not answer . coley ( grimly ) not I . smith all right , then ... pete it 's not all right ! you be so mighty quick to kill -- he 's not a animal ! smith ( to coley , with mock surprise ) well , listen to little spitfire ... ( turn slowly on Pete ) you sniveling toad ! I be save you neck ! if I do not , who will ? pete ( squirming ) all I say ... smith who will ?! Doc ? Tim ? you sister , with the rock in she head ? Pete be silent . smith one thing about you sister -- she 's get twice the gut you have . you be only fit for run away . coley it 's too late for that . ( belligerently , slowly , at Pete ) he 's in this , and he be not run no place . there be a long , electric silence . Pete be defeat . smith ( finally ) all right , then ... he pause for emphasis . then , as he start to talk again ... int . jail Tim stand face the wall , shoulder hunch , suffer . Doc come in and watch he silently , Tim turn , face Doc , turn again to concentrate on a fade newspaper photograph frame and hang on the wall . another angle - tim shoot over he shoulder . focal point : the " photograph " . it show a widly grin , moderately alert and healthy Tim of perhaps five year ago . he be wear , proudly , he badge of office , and behind he , mildly interested in the proceedings , be reno Smith , he erstwhile sponsor . the head on the photo read : deputy sheriff name for black rock . mo . shot - tim and doc Tim take the photo off the wall and , hold it , turn to face Doc ... tim let Smith find himself a new boy . I can not take it another day . ( pause , look at Doc ) if you be a sheriff , they gotta respect you , otherwise you can not do you job . ( shake he head ) they just laugh . doc I do not laugh , Tim . tim why do not you ? doc cut it out , Tim . tim you should ! doc in the name of well - adjust manhood , snap out of it . you be go to get a complex or something . tim four year ago if I would of do my job ... if I would of check up and find out what happen . but I do not ! just like Smith figure . doc what could you have find out ? they tell you a story . you have to believe it . tim do you believe it ? Doc squirm but do not answer . tim do you know what happen ? doc I do not know . ( ironically ) I lead a quiet , contemplative life . tim I , I do not even try to find out . ( a beat ) do not you understand ? ( he tap the badge on he chest ) when you wear that badge , you be the Law . and when something happen , against the Law , you be suppose to do something about it . it 's you job . ( simply ) I ... I do nothin' . and that 's what 's eatin ' I . what kind of prescription you get for that ? doc I do not know . I have never be able to find one for myself . Tim take off he badge and throw it on the desk . doc only one thing -- do not quit , Tim . tim why not ? doc maybe this feller macreedy have the prescription . they look at each other . slowly Tim pick up he badge and pin it back on . out sequence omit from original script . ext . desert road a old marker , jutting on a angle at the side of the road , read : adobe flat . beneath it a arrow point ahead . macreedy steer the jeep up the narrow , rutte trail between a serious of enormous boulder . another angle as he drive to the far end of the boulder , reach a flat piece of land completely surround by rock . Beyond the rock be what remain of a burn - out ranch house , and a abandon well . out sequence omit from original script . mo . shot - macreedy in the wreckage . the remain of a iron bed . the burn - out shell of a pick - up truck . part of a stove . a morass of bottle , all size and shape , some of they break . macreedy halt momentarily beside the well . reaching out he touch the warpe sun-beaten board that cover the mouth . he remove one , and , pick up a pebble , drop it through the open . there be a long beat and then , from far , far below we hear a faint plunk ( o.s. ) . he replace the board and walk to a break wall . he touch the burn out frame of a picture . the frame fall to the ground , leave a un-scorch square on the surface of the wall . he go past a solitary stand stone chimney . suddenly he halt , arrest by something among the rubble , the rottenness and the ash . reverse angle - what he sees surrounded by the sear and blacken earth be a rectangular patch of lovely wild flower . back to macreedy study the brightly color flower . his face be line in think . he stoops , gather a few bud in he hand . he examine they , he brow furrow . as he slowly twirl a flower between thumb and forefinger , camera pan from macreedy in a long slow arc , take in mile and mile of barren wasteland . camera rise , tilting upward to a cliff far away and shield from macreedy 's view by the intervene rock and ridge . extreme long shot - cliff and on it the outline of a automobile . mo . shot - the car empty . it be park on a narrow dirt road . on one side of the road the cliff fall abruptly to the valley far below ; on the other , the steep , shaly outcropping continue to rise . for a moment camera hold on the car . then it pan slowly upward about fifty foot , holding this time on ... pinnacle of cliff where a man be look off toward adobe flat through a pair of high - power glass . the man be coley trimble . adobe well - macreedy grimly he walk toward the jeep , still hold the wild flower . now he pocket they , jump into the vehicle and drive off . the cliff - coley continue to train he glass on macreedy far below in the move jeep . the jeep - macreedy drive steadily over rough , rocky terrain . coley climb down from the pinnacle of the cliff and enter a big , powerful ' 36 Packard sedan . macreedy shift to low gear as the jeep press into hilly country . coley - in he car turn on the ignition . macreedy - in the jeep as it wind along a road with the cliff rise on one side and fall off steeply on the other . he round a curve , pass a insignificant side road , drive on . the side road the car with coley at the wheel pull out , follow macreedy . intercut between the two car , with the distance between they constantly diminish . out sequence omit from original script . ext . - flat road a straightaway , cut through rocky outcropping on both side . macreedy 's jeep roar by , pursue by the gain Packard . close shot - macreedy in jeep - ( process ) for the first time he be aware that he be be follow , and that the man at the wheel of the big Packard be coley . shot - packard pick up tremendous speed . ext . - road bed proceeding over a series of turn , incline , declivity ( accord to location terrain ) . engine roar , brake whinny , tire scream , skid on the turn . another angle - road bed as coley overtake macreedy . he steer the big car within a foot or two of the jeep . the terrain have steepen ; on the right there be nothing between the road and the valley floor far below but a few inch of soft shoulder . as macreedy pull wide on a razor turn , coley try to come inside he . macreedy , fight for control of the veer jeep , succeed in cut he off . curve in road in the approach , coley cut sharp into the jeep . the jeep seem to roll with the blow , then leap ahead , maneuver the turn . close shot coley in car ( process ) coley be flustered , he face blood - shot with fury . he seem to generate a atmosphere of vicious , cruel craziness ; the wild smile across he mouth be almost sensual , obscene . he floorboard the Packard . like some monstrous batter ram , the heavy car smashes into the jeep 's rear bumper , kick the smaller vehicle jerkily ahead . coley floorboard the gas pedal , again . each time he slam into the jeep with sicken force , with the brutal abrasion of metal pound metal . close shot - macreedy - ( process ) with one arm he work frantically to keep he under-size car on the twisty road . he see ahead a precipitous cliff fall off on a impossibly sharp curve . he make a decision ... just ahead the gradient be comparatively gradual , however steep by normal standard . he swing the jeep off the road , onto the declivity . the car plunge downward , miraculously upright . macreedy jockey it to a whirring , shudder halt in the soft sand at the bottom of a draw . macreedy turn slightly and look up the mountain - side with the road at its summit ... what he sees : extreme long shot - coley stand at the edge of the road , peer down at he . in b.g. , the Packard . coley turn emphatically , get into car , drive off . back to macreedy his face be cake with the sweat of he exertion and dust kick up by the grind wheel . he exhales heavily and run a shaky hand across the side of he head . he become aware suddenly of a noise , a trickle , a unmistakable tinkle as of run water . he frown , open the jeep door ... medium shot - jeep as macreedy unlatch the hood and throw it open . the noise continue . macreedy examine the engine and find the difficulty ... insert - engine focal point : the nut join the gas line with the carburetor have work loose in the jouncing the car have take . with he hand macreedy screw it tight . medium shot - jeep as macreedy lower the hood , re-enter jeep . he turn on ignition . the engine fire . as he drive slowly out of the ravine ... dissolve : ext . black rock - MAIN STREET close shot - hector he long face even more horsey than usual , with half a apple in he mouth . he stand in front of the grocery store , with the basket of fruit on the sidewalk . he look up , stop crunching . close shot - SAM at the window of the bar &amp ; Grill , clean a ear with a toothpick . he look out . the toothpick be motionless . close shot - hasting fidget outside he shack . he look up . his Adam 's apple turn completely over . out sequence omit from original script . reverse shot - what they see macreedy slowly drive the jeep toward Liz 's garage . he look neither to the right nor leave . group shot - favoring smith and coley stand on the porch of the hotel , watch . Smith 's face compress , and he eye swivel to rest on coley 's with cold , contemptuous anger . coley lick he lip uneasily . Smith turn and enter the hotel . coley meekly follow . full shot - macreedy he brake the jeep before the garage . no one be there . he park the vehicle , get out and head down the street . ext . HOTEL macreedy be about to go up the step when he see coley 's car at the curb . both right fender be crease . a ugly , jag break have split the front bumper almost in half , one part angle crazily toward the sky , the other droop in the dust of the road . Smith and coley come out of the hotel . they stand on the porch , watch macreedy as he in turn watch the car . they exchange a glance . Smith nod , so ... coley well , if it 's not macreedy - the world 's champion road hog . he walk down the step to the street , join macreedy . Smith remain on the porch . macreedy yeah . it 's a small world . coley but such a unfriendly one . now why do you want to crowd I off the road ? macreedy ( with a slow grin ) I be kind of sorry if I have incur you displeasure . coley look what you do to my car . macreedy if there 's anything I can do to make up for it ... coley you ought to be careful , man -- all that one - arm drive . macreedy I would be glad to pay the damage . coley it 's a threat to life and limb . macreedy fortunately no one be hurt . coley you could get yourself kill that way -- nosin ' all over the countryside . macreedy that 's the real danger , I can see that . coley why that 's pretty smart of you . how long you intend to keep it up ? macreedy I be get out of here , right now . he walk up the step , past Smith , and into the hotel . coley glance up at Smith , grin with self - satisfaction , like a small boy who have carry out perfectly the instruction of he teacher . int . HOTEL the lobby empty except for Pete behind the desk . macreedy go to he . Pete seem elaborately occupy arrange and re-arranging a few file card . Smith enter the lobby . he stand in b.g. watch macreedy and the desk clerk . macreedy ( to Pete ) still expect that convention ? pete ( look up ) what ...? macreedy if you be expect any extra cowboy , my room be available . pete you be check out ? macreedy ( nodd ) be there a train through here tonight ? pete nothing till tomorrow morning . the streamliner . macreedy I know that . how about freight ? ( Pete shake he head ) milk train ? pete tomorrow . after the streamliner . macreedy buss ? pete closest stop be Sand City -- thirty - two mile away . ( a beat ) you be in such a hurry , you should have never get off here . macreedy I be inclined to agree with you . he turn , walk toward porch . Pete look at Smith . Smith 's eye follow macreedy . out sequence omit from original script . int . liz' garage - full shot in the gloom of the lube pit , Liz 's mechanic , a dirty old man , be drain the oil out of the crankcase of the car on the rack . the girl stand beside the pit , silently watch the old man . now she pause , look o.s. toward the open garage door ... what she sees - macreedy enter the scene , stop to look at Liz 's jeep park in front of the wide door . he turn he eye vaguely in the direction of Liz , but he do not see she in the shadow behind the car on the rack , he advance a step , pause ... macreedy anybody home ? out sequence omit from original script . ext . lube pit - liz she do not answer . instead , she silently twist the crankcase petcock , stop the flow of oil . she watch macreedy closely . int . garage macreedy again shift he eye to the jeep , then , with decision , he go to a work bench , open the drawer and rummage among the content . liz ( o.s . ) if you be look for the jeep key ... macreedy turn as Liz come toward he . she gesture toward the open drawer . liz ... it 's not there ... macreedy wait for she to go on . she do not . she stand there , stare at he . macreedy ( after a beat ) in that case , where do you suggest I look ? she turn , walk back toward the lube pit . liz ( over she shoulder ) the jeep 's not for rent . macreedy it be , just a few hour ago . liz ( flatly ) thing change . macreedy ( with grim amusement ) sure . and Smith be the kid who change them . she do not answer . macreedy go to she . macreedy miss brook . ( softly ) what 's the matter with this town of yours ? liz nothing . it 's none of you concern . macreedy then why be they all so concerned about I ? liz be I concerned ? macreedy no , you be not . but ... liz but what ? macreedy ( easily ) but it strike I you be a little too unconcern . so unconcern you will not even rent I a jeep . liz ( flaring ) I do not run a taxi service . I do not have a license . macreedy I wish other in this town be as scrupulously devote to law and order as you be . liz ( hotly ) why do not you lay off ! if you do not like it here , go back where you come from ! macreedy funny thing . they try to kill I , and you feel persecute . liz I do not want to get involved . macreedy involve in what ? liz ( retreate ) whatever you be up to . whatever happen , I have get to go on live here . this people be my neighbor , my friend . macreedy all of they ? liz ( slowly ) this be my town , Mr. macreedy , like it or not . whatever happen here , it be long ago , now it 's ... it 's ... macreedy ( evenly ) Dead and bury ? ( a beat ) whatever do happen , you do not seem to like it . why do you stick around ? liz ( after a beat ) because of my brother . Pete . he would never leave . macreedy do not you ever think of go without he . you be sort of independent and he 's ... he 's ... liz weak . I know . that 's why I could not leave he . macreedy ( softly ) what do you brother do ? liz he ... I ... ( flaring again ) what do you care ? what do you care about Black rock ? macreedy nothing much . only , there be not many place like this in America -- but even one be too many . because I think something sort of bad happen here . ( frown ) something I can not find the handle to ... liz you just think so . you do not know . macreedy this much I know -- the rule of law have be suspend in this town . the gorilla have take over . liz you be a fine one to talk ! you come in here , sneaking around , try to steal the key to my jeep . macreedy I kind of have a notion that be the only way I could get it . she open she mouth to answer , but she do not know what to say . macreedy ( simply ) be I wrong , miss brook ? he wait as she try to answer , and again she can not . for a moment he watch she struggle in anguish silence with herself . then he turn and go out . ext . MAIN STREET - macreedy walk thoughtfully down street . he come abreast of hotel . ext . porch of HOTEL where Smith be still sit . for a moment he watch macreedy speculatively , then ... smith ( call ) Mr. macreedy . ( reasonably , as macreedy turn toward he ) I would like to ask you a few question ... as long as you be around ... macreedy ( walk up step ) I be around all right . he stand face Smith on the porch , then ... macreedy ( with just a touch of wryness ) you probably know that miss brook be no longer in the car rental business ? smith ( solemnly ) good . I would not want to see that girl get into trouble ... macreedy you would not ? smith ... what with rental permit , gas ration ... you know what I mean . macreedy sure . I admire you sturdy sense of responsibility . smith ( dismissively ) it 's just , a girl like that have a future . macreedy let 's talk about my future . smith ( almost slyly ) do you have the time ? macreedy I do not seem to be go any place . he take the other chair . smith ( after a pause ) I hear you handle a jeep real well . macreedy I have a way with jeep . a certain familiarity . smith I think I understand . you be a Army man . ( look at macreedy 's stiff arm ) where would you get it ? macreedy Italy . smith ( sincerely ) tough . I try to get in myself , the day after that rat bomb Pearl Harbor . macreedy what stop you ? smith the physical . they would not take I . the morning after Pearl , I be the first man in line at Marine recruiting in Sand City . and they would not take I . macreedy ( flatly ) tough . smith what do you do in Los Angeles , Mr. macreedy ? macreedy I be retire . smith you be a pretty young man ... macreedy you might say I be force into retirement . smith what be you look for in adobe flat ? macreedy komako , like I tell you . like you tell I , he be not there . Smith laugh quietly . macreedy what 's so funny ? smith nothing . it 's just -- I do not believe you . I believe a man be as big as what he seek . I believe you be a big man , Mr. macreedy . macreedy flattery will get you nowhere . smith why would a man like you be look for a lousy jap farmer ? macreedy maybe I be not so big . smith yes , you be . ( a beat ; look hard at macreedy ) I believe that a man be as big as the thing that make he mad . nobody around here have be big enough to make you mad . macreedy what make you mad , Mr. Smith ? smith I ...? nothing in particular . macreedy ( bemuse ) I see . you be a big man , too . only ... ( calmly ) ... the japanese make you mad ... smith that 's different . after the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor ... after Bataan ... macreedy ... and komako make you mad . smith it 's the same thing . ( scoffing ) loyal japanese - Americans -- that 's a laugh . they be mad dog . look at corregidor , the death march . macreedy what do komako have to do with corregidor ? smith be not he a jap ? look , macreedy , there 's a law in this county against shoot dog . but if I see a mad dog loose , I do not wait for he to bite I . ( exhales sharply , shaking he head with irritation ) I swear , you be beginning to make I mad . macreedy ( calmly ) all stranger do . smith not all . some of them . when they come here snooping . macreedy snoop for what ? smith I mean , outsider come around , look for something . macreedy ( press ) for what ? smith I do not know . people be always look for something in this part of the West . to the historian , it 's the " Old West . " to the book writer , it 's the " Wild West . " to the businessman , it 's the " undevelop West . " they all say we be backward and poor , and I guess we be . ( snort ) we do not even have enough water . ( a beat ) but this place , to we , be we west. ( heatedly ) I just wish they would leave we alone . macreedy leave you alone to do what ? smith ( coldly ) I do not know what you mean . macreedy what happen to komako ? smith he go away , I tell you . shortly after he leave , a bunch of kid get fool around out he place . they burn it down . it be one of that thing -- you know how kid be . macreedy laugh quietly . smith what 's funny ? macreedy nothing . only -- I do not believe you . any more than I believe you about the letter . smith ( smile ) you do not seem to believe anything I say . macreedy ( vaguely ) yes , I do -- about businessman , for instance . I think a businessman would be interested in adobe flat . smith why ? macreedy all that land lie fallow . could be put to some use . like a graveyard . ( Smith open he mouth to speak but macreedy go on ) a historian might be interested , too . because of the strange custom around here , such as bury cattle ... smith bury cattle ...? macreedy ( calmly ) something 's bury out there . he take the wild flower from he pocket , hold they in front of Smith . macreedy see this wild flower ? that mean a grave . I have see it overseas . I figure it be not a man 's grave or someone would have mark it . sort of a mystery , be not it ? smith sort of . maybe you can figure it out . macreedy get up , half turn to Smith . macreedy maybe . he start down the step . smith why not give it a whirl ? ( macreedy turn ) it will help you pass the time ... ( continue ; meaningfully ) ... for a while . macreedy not interested . I get other thing to do . he turn and walk down the street . ext . MAIN STREET - macreedy head towards Doc 's establishment . the building , which serve Doc as home , office and laboratory , have center on a pane of glass : t.r. velie , JR . undertaker and veterinary and in the lower right hand corner : assayer notary public a few of the peel gold and black letter be completely miss . the building be separate from the structure next to it by a alleyway . fill the narrow passage be hector David , he long massive body wedge against the wall like a unkempt monument . his little pig eye meet macreedy 's . hector spit in the dust with bland insolence . ext . doc' office - macreedy walk up the step and enter . int . doc' office Dark and shadowy . at the far end of a hallway a insipid light bulb burn . macreedy go toward it , enter ... int . doc' lab devote to the care and preservation of the dear depart . in the center of the room be a long rectangular slab stain with the juice of that unfortunate who have have occasion to rest thereon . the wall be line with rickety bookcase jamme , not with volume , but with the jug and jar , the chemical and unguent of Doc 's multiple calling . in a corner three or four neat pine box be stack one on the other . Doc sit at a cluttere desk feed a large bowl of goldfish and sip a glass of milk . he look up as macreedy enter . doc hi. pull up a chair . macreedy ( nodd ) can I use you phone ? doc help yourself . ( chuckle ) you know , you be one of the few people who 's ever be back here I can say that to . macreedy reach for the phone book . doc it 's 4- 2-4 . macreedy ( pause ) what 's 4- 2 - 4 ? doc if I have get you peg -- and I think I have -- you be call the State Police . but if I be you -- and I be purely glad I be not -- I would look it up myself . ( emphatically ) I would not trust anybody around here , include I . macreedy think it over and come to a swift decision . he check the phone book . then , pick up phone ... macreedy ( to Doc ) thanks . ( into receiver ) 4-2-4. int . telephone operator' office a cubbyhole behind the hotel clerk 's desk in the lobby . at the switchboard be Pete , and above he tack on the wall be the sign : smile pete ( into phone ) 4- 2-4 ...? ( he look up ) camera pull back revealing Smith stand beside he . the two man exchange a nod . pete ( into phone ) line be busy . ( he click off the instrument ) int . doc' lab macreedy slowly put down the phone . Doc sip he milk , all the while stare queasily over the glass at macreedy . he put it down , he gaze still fix on the stranger ... doc ( sing -song ) I know -- do not tell I -- line all busy . they will be busy all day . macreedy ( after a beat , grimace ) do not look at I like that . doc like what ? macreedy like I be a potential customer . doc everybody be -- and I get them come and go . he go to a topographic map hang on the wall -- a large , impressive map -- fade , fly-blown and divide into section . doc ( gesture toward it ) first I sell them a piece of land . think they farm it ? nope . they dig for gold . he move to photograph beside the map on the wall -- a large , impressive photograph of a placer mine in operation . doc they rip off the top soil of ten wind hill . they sprint in here , fog-heave with excitement , lug nugget , big and bright and shiny . he move to he desk , pick up a glisten blob of stone , rest next to a assayer 's scale , and examine it ... doc ( rhetorically ) be it gold ? he bang the rock down next to the scale . doc it be not ! do they quit ? they do not ! he move to a third illustration -- a color reproduction , large and impressive -- of acre upon green acre of produce in bloom ; the kind of picture Southern Pacific place above its calendar . doc ( with theatrical gesture toward reproduction ) then they decide to farm . farm ! in country so dry you have to prime a man before he can spit , and before you can say " fat Sam " they be stall , strand and starve . they get weevil - brain and buttsprung ... he move to the coffin pile in a corner and run he hand down the smooth pine side with loving tenderness . doc ( simply ) so I bury them . ( a beat , as he rejoin macreedy in the center of the room ) but why should I bore you with my triumph ? macreedy yeah . I have get a problem of my own . Doc nod ; he point vaguely toward the street ... doc ( like a old testament prophet ) they be go to kill you with no hard feeling . macreedy ( nastily ) and you will just sit on you hand and let they . doc do not get waspish with I , young feller . macreedy sorry . doc I feel for you , but I be consume with apathy . why should I mix in ? macreedy to save a life . doc I get enough trouble save my own . ( he refill he glass from a milk bottle on the desk ) I try to live right and drink my orange juice every day . but mostly I try to mind my own business . which be something I would advise you to do . macreedy it 's a little late for that ... doc you can still get out of town . and you would better get out like a whisper . macreedy how can I ? doc ( take a key ring from he pocket ) I get sort of a limousine at you disposal . macreedy where be it ? doc ( toss he the key ) out back . macreedy snare the key and walk out . Doc get up to follow he . ext . rear of doc' office a old - fashioned hearse , with plate glass side and elaborate lead candelabra -- Doc 's " limousine " -- be park a few step from the door . macreedy climb in behind the wheel as Doc come out and stand on the small back porch . macreedy turn on the ignition switch . his foot kick over the starter , but the spark do not catch . he try again , then again . he pause , frown , as Doc come down from the porch and join he . macreedy ( concentrate on the dashboard ) wo not start . doc ( nervously , to macreedy ) something wrong ? macreedy just will not start ... again he press the ignition switch . nothing . and suddenly , in b.g. , the great bulk of hector David loom up , lean against the porch pillar at the corner of the alleyway . his expression be almost dreamy . for a moment he stand there while macreedy toy with the ignition and the sick engine wheeze and grind . then he amble up to the hearse ... hector ( gratuitously ) could be the wirin ' . why do not you look under the hood ? macreedy for that I thank you . ( pause ) how much time you think I have get before ...? doc they will wait at least till dark . ( angrily ) they would be afraid to see each other 's face . macreedy ( slapping Doc 's shoulder lightly ) well , so long , Doc . I can not say it 's be charming but ... doc where be you go ? macreedy I do not know . but I be go on foot . doc that 's no good . you stray ten yard off Main Street , and you will be stone , cold dead . ( offer macreedy a cigarette ) that 's the situation , in a nut . macreedy take the cigarette , lighting a match with one hand . he put the fire to Doc 's smoke and then light he own . he inhale , exhales , think . finally ... macreedy get out of the car . hector have already open the hood . Doc peer nervously over he shoulder . as they study the engine , hector 's horsey face appear behind they . he gesture toward the engine . insert - the engine focal point : a hopeless snarl of ignition wire . back to scene hector it 's the wirin ' , like I say . now be not that a good guess ? slowly he take off he wrist watch and put it in he pants pocket . macreedy ( quietly ) it can be fix . ignoring hector , he bend over the engine , control he obvious awareness that hector have foule up the ignition . hector easy . unless , of course , this here wire ... ( reach inside the hood , point ) ... get break or something . doc ( suddenly , heatedly , turn on hector ) do the nice little thing , like keep you big fat nose out of my business . hector 's eye go hard . he reach out suddenly , one great hand close over the distributor cap . he yank , rip the feed wire out of they socket . hector ( triumphantly , hold up the wire ) yep . it 's the wirin' . still grip the wire , he walk off . Doc simmer down . he turn to face macreedy , who have not move . now macreedy slowly lower the hood of the car . doc ( softly , after a beat ) I be sorry , son . you get to admit , I try . macreedy ( as if to himself ) maybe ... doc maybe what ? macreedy if I can not get out of town , maybe I can get the state cop in . doc ( irritably ) you try the phone , do not you ? you know what happen , do not you ? macreedy there 's another way . I will be see you , Doc . he walk off . Doc look after he grimly . doc ( call ) I hope you will be see I . quick dissolve : int . telegraph agent office macreedy stand at the high counter , write on a postal telegraph blank . behind the counter , watch he nervously , be hastings . at the agent 's elbow be a big pitcher with dew on the glass . it hold a pale liquid and a chunk of ice . his eye on macreedy , hastings refill a glass tumbler . he take a gulp as macreedy put down the pencil and push the message toward he . now hastings put down he glass , pick up the form and scan it hurriedly . he look at macreedy , eye glaze with anxiety ... hasting you notifyin ' the state po-lice ? macreedy ( put a bill on the counter ) that 's what it say . hastings again refill he glass , slopping the liquid over on the counter . he pick up the glass , hesitates , offer it awkwardly to macreedy . hasting ( plaintively ) lemonade ? macreedy shake he head . no . hasting ( mop he forehead ) it 's hot as billy - be-durn . he drink , put down the glass . macreedy push the bill across the counter toward he . hastings pick it up gingerly then pause ... hasting do not you like lemonade ? macreedy I never think much about it . hasting it do not have the muzzle velocity of some other drink drunk around here , but it 's good for what ail you . macreedy ( after a beat ) what ail you , Mr. hastings ? hasting I ...? macreedy why be you so upset about ... ( point ) ... this wire ? hasting I ...? macreedy be you afraid , Mr. hastings ? hasting I ...? ( a beat , then softly ) I guess I be . ( awkwardly he put macreedy 's bill back on the counter ) but what 's the use talkin ' ...? ( with grudge respect ) you do not know what it 's like , be scared . macreedy ( not unsympathetically ) you want I to describe the symptom ? right this minute I be scared half to death . hasting ( simply ) you should be . macreedy yeah . but not of the state police . hasting ( stonily ) neither be I . macreedy then what be you afraid of ? the grave at adobe flat ? a grave nobody mark , nobody know anything about . hasting that be not it , either . macreedy be it Smith ? ( no answer ) be it ?! hasting ( squirming ) look , Mr. macreedy . I be just a good neighbor ... macreedy to Smith you be . how about to komako ? hasting ( meeting macreedy 's eye ) I never see komako in my life . honest . macreedy ( again push the bill toward hastings ) then send that wire , and bring I the answer . you will do that , will not you ? hasting ( pause , then worriedly pick up the bill ) yes , sir . macreedy turn and walk out . hastings stand sweat , stare hard at the message in he hand as ... quick dissolve : out sequence omit from original script . int . sam' bar &amp ; grill a few loafer be at the bar , drape bonelessly on high stool . there be the usual array of bottle and glass align before a crack , discolor mirror . in the corner be a jukebox . along the opposite wall be a line of low stool face a counter cover with oil - cloth thumb - tack in place . behind it be a greasy hot plate and a couple of soile display -- breakfast food , soft drink , etc . at the grill counter be Sam , clean he finger - nail with a toothpick . at the bar , engage in a worrisome conversation , be four loafer , franklin krool , walt murtry , ron bentham and sterling lenard . krool I tell you , I will not have anything to do with it . murtry ( nodd emphatically ) live and let live , that 's what I say . bentham ( frown ) I do not know . I just do not know . lenard ( to bentham ) you gonna brood about it ? or you want another beer ? bentham a beer , I guess . only ... he look up , and something make he hesitate ... what he sees -- ext . bar &amp ; grill - macreedy stop in front of the restaurant . on the window large , rough capital letter in water paint proclaim : sam' sanitary bar &amp ; grill macreedy pause , shrug and then enter . int . bar &amp ; grill Sam be still work on he finger nail . he evidence little interest in the stranger , but at the bar in b.g. the loafer stiffen . macreedy take a stool in front of Sam . SAM what will you have ? macreedy what have you get ? SAM chili wit ' bean . macreedy anything else ? SAM chili wit 'out bean . macreedy wince . SAM you do not like the taste , that 's what they make ketchup for . macreedy in that case , I will have it . and a cup of coffee . the door of the bar &amp ; Grill open . Smith and coley enter . they walk to macreedy , stop just a few foot behind he . coley ( to macreedy , with menace friendliness ) you still around ? I think you do not like this place . macreedy ( pleasantly ) go to , or come from ? coley stay put . macreedy no comment . he turn again as Sam plop a unseasonable mess of chili in front of he . coley ( to Smith , gesture a thumb toward macreedy ) no comment , he say . no comment , and all the time he 's get my chair . macreedy smile tiredly . he half turn toward coley . macreedy I always seem to be take somebody 's place around here . he get up , with he chili , and sit down three stool away . coley straddle the stool macreedy have vacate . he squirm on it , he movement exaggerated . now he spin to face Smith . coley this seat be not comfortable . macreedy I be afraid of that . coley I think I would like the seat you be on . smith ( to macreedy , mildly ) he 's as changeable as a prairie fire . macreedy ( to coley ) suppose you tell I where to sit . coley open he mouth but , realize he have be outmaneuvered , close it again . the loafer in b.g. be silent , watch . Sam , seemingly oblivious to coley 's pressure on macreedy , place a bottle of ketchup in front of the stranger . coley get up slowly and walk stiff - legge to macreedy . he take the bottle of ketchup and , without remove the cap , upend it over macreedy 's plate . the cap be drown in a deluge of ketchup which overflow the plate and run onto the counter . coley ( to macreedy ) I hope that be not too much . macreedy ( to Smith , gesture toward coley ) you friend 's a very [ ...] fellow . smith ( nodd ) sort of unpredictable , too . get a temper like a rattlesnake . coley that 's I all over . I be half hoss , half alligator . mess with I , I will kick a lung outta you . what do you think of that ? macreedy no comment . coley talk to you be like pull tooth . you wear I out . ( loudly , after a beat ) you be a yellow - belly jap lover . be I right or wrong ? macreedy you be not only wrong -- you be wrong at the top of you voice . coley you do not like my voice ? macreedy ( again turn to Smith ) I think you friend 's try to start something . smith now why -ever would he want to do that ? macreedy I do not know . maybe he figure , needle I enough and I will crack . maybe I will even fight back . then he or hector -- you other ape -- would beat I to death and cop a plea of self - defense . smith I do not think that will be necessary . you be so scared now you will probably drow in you own sweat . coley before that happen , could not I pick a fight with you if I tie one hand behind I ...? macreedy rise to go out . as he pass coley , coley take he limp leave arm and spin he slowly but firmly around . the two man face each other . coley if I tie both hand ...? macreedy shake free of coley 's grasp . coley lunge . his big right fist streak toward macreedy 's face . macreedy duck , weaving with the punch . he grab coley 's belt , twist coley 's body . the momentum of the swing throw coley off balance . as he go past macreedy , the stranger tug at he belt , twist he to one side . he plant he leave foot firmly on the toe of coley 's leave boot , for a split second anchore coley in place . he chop the under side of he open hand in a short , vicious arc that land solidly under coley 's ear . with the same motion , he bring the heel of he hand hard against and slightly under the tip of coley 's nose . the cartilage shatter . blood spill down he face . follow through , macreedy 's elbow smashes beneath coley 's cheekbone . macreedy 's arm go past the astonished , wind - burn face , find coley 's right wrist . he jerk the wrist out and backward . it snap . coley whimper , he face twisted in pain and perplexity . his body loll forward . macreedy step back . he raise he right shoulder a few inch . his bent right arm drive up like a piston attach to the shoulder 's lift . fist and arm seem all one rigid piece with only the limber shoulder give they motion . the fist strike coley 's face , cover for a moment one side of he chin and a corner of he mouth between cheekbone and jawbone . coley shut he eye and fall unconscious . Smith , a puzzle expression on he face , watch coley fall . he take half a step toward he . macreedy look at Smith . Smith stop . macreedy 's face be wooden , with a trace of sullenness around the hard line of he mouth . work methodically , macreedy frisk coley . he take from a pocket a long , ugly knife . he snap the spring and the four-inch blade leap into place . he look at the knife in he hand and then at Smith . he smile gently , even dreamily . macreedy ( to Smith ) would not it be easier if you just wait till I turn my back ? ( look toward the loafer at the bar , then back at Smith ) or be there too many witness present ? macreedy walk slowly toward he , hold the knife . the be only three foot apart . Smith 's hand go to a pocket , close inside over the outline of a pistol . Sam glance from macreedy to Smith to the unconscious coley . he sidle toward the door and run out fast . ( note : from this point to end of scene intercut from macreedy and Smith to exploit the reaction of the loafer at the bar . ) smith ( with effortless ferocity ) you be still in trouble . macreedy so be you . ( Smith snort ) whatever happen -- you be lose . smith you get thing a bit twisted ... macreedy you kill komako . sooner or later you will go up for it . not because you kill he -- in this town you probably could have get away with it -- but because you do not even have the gut to do it alone . you put you trust in guy like he ... ( gesture toward the unconscious coley ) ... and hector -- they be not the most dependable of God 's creature . sooner or later they will get the idea you be play they for sap . what will you do then -- peel they off , one by one ? and in the meantime if any one of they break , you will go down hard . because they get something on you . something to use when thing get tough . with a quick motion , he toss the knife to Smith . Smith catch it . macreedy and they be get tougher every minute . he walk past Smith and go out the door . self - consciously hold the knife , Smith turn to face the loafer at the bar . they say nothing ; they stare at he , through he , like a panel of ghoul . the door open , admit Sam and Doc , who carry he little black medical bag . Doc look at coley . doc ( softly , full of awe ) man ... man-oh-man . he go to coley , bend down over he . Smith have remain motionless as a monument . now he double shut the knife in he hand . he pocket it , and without even glance at coley , turn quickly and go out . quick dissolve : int . HOTEL lobby Doc sit deep in the batter upholstery of one of the chair . he stare fiercely across the room at Smith who be on the couch , read a neatly fold newspaper . behind he at the clerk 's desk , Pete be fitfully involved in a game of solitaire . at the foot of the stair hector be pour change into a slot machine . it whine , grind , and click with rhythmic monotony , but it never seem to pay off . in the chair nearest Doc be Tim , with one of he boot off . he work hard and with some concentration , remove the other . then he place they neatly at the foot of he chair . he wiggle he toe -- watch they with some interest . the wheeze and whir of the slot machine stop . the sudden silence turn the eye of the man toward hector and the one - arm bandit . they follow he gaze up the step . stairway - macreedy walk down , carry he suitcase . he go to Pete at the clerk 's desk . macreedy anything for I ? pete nothing . macreedy any message -- a telegram ? pete ( return to he card ) nothing . as macreedy turn from the desk , Doc join he . doc ( to macreedy , shrilly , gruffly ) in case you be interested , coley will live . ( glaring at Smith and hector ) I be truly sorry to say . Smith coolly continue to read he paper . it be hector who turn toward Doc ... hector ( to Doc , jerk a fat hand toward macreedy ) you friend 's pretty tough . doc yeah . he 's wick . he defend himself when he 's attack . macreedy ignore the exchange of word . he walk across the fray carpet to the nearest chair and drop into it . Doc , who have follow he , stand look down at macreedy for a long moment . then ... doc ( with some irritation ) well ...? you go to just sit here and let time run out ? macreedy I be wait for a wire . from the state cop . doc you send it through hastings ? ( a audible sigh ) just do not expect a answer , if that 's the way you send it . macreedy ( look toward the door ) no ? ( he rise ) Doc follow he gaze as hastings enter the lobby and look around . he see macreedy come toward he . he walk rigidly in a arc past macreedy to Smith . he hold out a postal telegraph form . Smith put down he paper and take it . macreedy , follow by Doc , go over to Smith . Tim in he stockinge foot join they . Smith scan the message . he look up to meet macreedy 's gaze . Smith rise . hector swagger over from the slot machine . hastings slip around the back of the couch , protect by the barricade of hector 's great body . macreedy ( evenly , to Smith ) I think that 's for I . ( he take the message from Smith 's hand and quickly glance at it . look up at hastings ) where 's the answer ? hastings be silent . a brittle expression of bemusement cross Smith 's feature . smith you expect a answer -- to a wire that 's never send ? macreedy 's mouth compress in a harsh grin . smith what 's so funny ? macreedy nothing . just a think -- ( he eye turn to hastings . hastings wilt ) -- a think dazzle in its purity ... macreedy take a step toward hastings . the telegraph agent bounce away . macreedy ( slowly ) you be in a jam , hastings . you give my telegram to Smith . doc ( excitedly ) you warty wretch ! that 's a federal offense ! macreedy ( to Smith ) you be in deep , too. ( grin hard ) like I say , it 's get tougher and tougher . ( to Tim ) sheriff , you would better do something about this . Tim hesitates , blink he eye worriedly , shifting from one stockinge foot to the other . Smith watch he insolently as he take the message from macreedy and gesture with it vaguely ... tim ( to Smith ) I reckon that 's right , Mr. Smith ... hector do not be a jerk , Tim . tim ( to Smith , seriously ) divulge information -- there 's a law ... smith Tim , you be pathetic . tim ( doggedly ) could be . but I be still sheriff . smith that 's the point . you be not sheriff any more . you just lose a job , you be so pathetic . he reach out , claw the badge from Tim 's chest . he jab it on hector 's vest . smith ( to hector ) all right , sheriff . take over . doc you can not do that ! smith can not I ? I put he in office . now I take he out . hector move he elephantine bulk within inch of macreedy ... hector now . you want to register a complaint ? macreedy do not answer . hector take the message from Tim 's limp hand and tear it into little piece . hector to register a complaint , boy , you have get to have evidence . you get evidence ? macreedy do not answer . hector you get a big mouth , boy , makin ' accusation , disturbin ' the peace . there 's law in this county protectin ' innocent folk from big mouth . why , I would just hate to ... smith ( interrupt ) hector ... ( wearily ) come on , hector . he walk out , the new sheriff strutting beside he , with hastings in they wake . for a moment macreedy , Doc and Tim stand in the center of the lobby . Pete eye they non - committally and go back to he solitaire . he glance up now and then , move the card with a purposeful sort of slowness , as of a more natural swiftness restrain by he preoccupation with the three man in the lobby . macreedy be deep in think . abstractedly he tug at he collar and then repeat the ritual of lighting a cigarette . Tim 's shoulder be slump . humiliation have corrode he , flesh and soul . even Doc be momentarily subdued ; he too , feel degrade , unclean . macreedy look from one to the other of the good , ineffectual companion that circumstance have so haphazardly toss he way . he take a few step to he suitcase , Doc and Tim trail he ; Doc , for want of something better to do ; Tim , out of he deep , inexpressible need for support . macreedy take a untapped bottle of whiskey from he bag . he thumb the cork loose and hold the bottle out to Tim . Tim take a drink . the light on the clerk 's desk go on , and we be aware that day have go and that night be fall . the press , fierce light have drain from the lobby , leave a shadowy , silvery dreariness . the shadow have lengthen and the silver have tarnish with the darkness . doc ( hopefully ) it 's all right , Tim . we be not lick yet . tim ( numbly ) ai not we ? I be . doc there come a time , Tim , when a man 's just get to do something . tim not I . I be useless , and I know it . doc ( implore ) no man be useless , if he 's get a friend ... Pete come out from behind the desk , walk from one lamp in the lobby to another , turn they on . doc I be you friend , Tim . tim then let I alone . he hand Doc the whiskey bottle . doc ( jabbing at macreedy with a thumb ) he 's go to need you before the night be over . he downs a snort , then look at Pete , who approach they . doc ( contemptuously ) and all the useful man be on the other side . as Pete turn on the lamp behind Doc , he react ever so slightly to Doc 's word . his almost imperceptible grimace be not lose on macreedy . macreedy watch the young man as he continue to light the lamp ... tim ( angrily ) lemme alone , I tell ya ! Doc slam the whiskey bottle down on a nearby table . doc I can not let you alone ! I can not let myself alone ! do not you understand that ? ( he turn from Tim to Pete , who be unable to shake he gaze . then , sadly , fiercely ) four year ago something terrible happen here . we do nothing about it . nothing . the whole town fall into a sort of settle melancholy , and the people in it close they eye and hold they tongue and fail the test with a whimper . self -consciously Pete have back off until now he lean against the outside of the clerk 's desk . but he still can not shut he ear to what Doc be say ... doc now something terrible be go to happen again , and in a way we be lucky because we have be give a second chance . and this time I will not close my eye , I will not hold my tongue , and if I be need I will not fail . ( almost harshly , again face Tim ) and neither will you ! Tim sigh , run a thick hand over he forehead ... tim I get such a headache , I be bewilder . I hurt all over . macreedy I know -- ( unconsciously he right arm stray to massage the paralyze leave ) -- pain be bewilder . I come here bewilder , full of self - pity , afraid to fight back . ( gesture with he hand to Pete ) and then you friend Smith try to kill I . ( the muscle around Pete 's mouth tighten ) funny , how a man cling to the earth when he feel there 's a chance he may never see it again . doc there 's a difference between cling to the earth ... ( eyeing Tim almost contemptuously ) ... and crawl on it . you go to stand by and watch forever ? tim ( flatly ) I be not gonna watch , and I be not gonna get into it , either . there be a moment of crash silence . then ... tim I be gettin ' out . I be sorry , Mr. macreedy . slowly he lumber out of the lobby . Doc watch he go . again the benumb silence , cut finally , unexpectedly by ... pete ( to Doc ) you would be smart to get out , too . doc ( angrily turn to Pete ) there 's too many smart guy around here . I be glad I be a dummy . pete you be a troublesome dummy . you be liable to end up on you own slab ... doc ( heatedly ) I expect to be in a lot more trouble before I die ... pete go home , doc. ( he jerk he head toward macreedy , and with mock bravado ... ) he 's all wash up . macreedy ( grin harshly at he ) you think so ? his right hand close over the neck of the whiskey bottle on the end table . abstractedly finger it , he walk with tense , deliberate step toward Pete at the desk . macreedy I be wash up when I get off that train ... he continue to advance inexorably toward Pete . pete ( flatly ) you shouldn ' of get off . macreedy have to . I have one last duty to perform before I resign from the human race . doc ( quizzically ) I think you be go to Los Angeles , that hot -bed of pomp and vanity . be that resign from the human race ? macreedy ( shrugging ) L.A. 's a good jump off place -- for the Islands , for Mexico , Central America . doc why ? macreedy ( again shrug ) I do not know . I be look for a place to get lose , I guess . doc why ? macreedy ( slapping he paralyze arm with the whisky bottle ) because of this . I think I would never be able to function again . ( turn to Pete ) thanks to you friend Smith , I find I be wrong . he be now within a couple of yard of Pete . pete ( drily ) sure . you be a man of action . macreedy ( slowly ) I know you problem . ( with mount vigor ) you would like I to die quickly , without waste too much of you time ... ( Pete open he mouth to say something , but macreedy press on ) ... or silently , without make you feel too uncomfortable ... or thankfully , without make you memory of the occasion too unpleasant . for a moment Pete stare at macreedy , terribly disturb by the incisiveness of macreedy 's analysis . then ... pete ( bitterly ) my memory be so pleasant as it be ... in sudden frustration , Pete grab the deck of card on the clerk 's desk and slam they down hard . they scatter . he turn , stare blankly [ ...] between Doc and macreedy . macreedy ( quietly press he advantage ) what happen , Pete ? Pete do not answer . doc be you go to tell he -- or you want I to ? ( beat ) Smith own adobe flat . he lease it to komako -- think he have cheat he , think komako could never even run stock without water . there be never any water on adobe flat . komako dig a well , by hand . he must have go down one hundred and fifty foot . pete he get water , plenty . Smith be pretty sore . he do not like jap anyway . doc that 's a understatement . pete the day after Pearl Harbor , Smith go to Sand City . macreedy ( interrupt ) I know . to enlist . he be turn down . pete he be sore when he get back . about ten o'clock he start drink . macreedy ten o'clock in the morning . pete yeah . hector join he , and coley . then Sam , and about nine p.m. -- I . we be all drunk -- patriotic drunk . we go out to komako 's for a little fun , I guess -- scare he a little . macreedy do you know he ? pete we would see he around some , but none of we know he . when he hear we come , he lock the door . Smith start a fire . the jap come run out . his clothes be burn . Smith shot he . I do not even know Smith have a gun . macreedy then you all get scared , bury he , keep quiet . Pete nod helplessly , bow he head . macreedy sigh , look down at the bottle in he hand , slowly put it on the table ... macreedy ( softly ) do komako have any family besides he son Joe ? doc ( puzzle ) his son ...? nobody around here know he have a son . macreedy he have one . but he 's dead , too . he 's bury in Italy . doc what be you do here , Mr. macreedy ? macreedy Joe komako die in Italy , save my life . they give he a medal . I come here to give it to he father . silence . Doc , realize the enormity of macreedy 's admission , frown , rub a hand across he tired eye . Pete look at macreedy for a long , shocked moment . he shiver . pete ( awfully ) God forgive I ... he take the bottle from the table and shakily pour a shot glass of liquor . as he raise it to he mouth ... macreedy ( to Pete , harshly guttural ) it will take a lot of whiskey to wash out you gut ... Pete be motionless , hold the glass inch from he lip , hypnotize by macreedy 's voice , as hard and as cold as he eye ... macreedy ... and it will never help -- not even a barrel full wash away murder ! macreedy 's hand shoot out , in a short , inexorable arc , smash he palm across the shot glass . the whiskey burst in a spray , the glass fly halfway across the room , shatter as it land against something solid . Pete be stunne , Doc perplex , at macreedy 's violence . they stare at he ... macreedy 's eye be murky . the crease between the brow over he nose be deep . his nostril move in and out with he breathe . Pete and Doc regard he with grow uneasiness . rage come into macreedy 's face , turn it a painful red . macreedy but maybe I be wrong . go on -- drink . ( scornfully ) what else be leave for you ?! ( mount anger ) you be as dead as komako , only you do not know it ! ( roaring ) you also do not know that it 's not enough to feel guilty . it 's not enough to confess . it 's not enough to say , " forgive I , I have do wrong . " doc take it easy , macreedy . sit down . macreedy ( turn on he ) sit down ?! or would you rather have I kneel , to beg he pardon for raise a touchy subject ? Pete squirm under macreedy 's relentless attack . pete ( shaking he head ) you do not have to remind I . I have never forget ... macreedy well , that 's mighty noble of you . you feel ashamed -- that 's noble , too . ( in mount crescendo ) and four year from now you will probably be sit here tell somebody else you have not forget I . that 's progress -- you will still be ashamed but I will be dead . macreedy grab the bottle , shove it across the table toward Pete . macreedy go on , have you drink . ( with exorbitant scorn ) you need it . Pete push the bottle aside , too ravage by macreedy 's word and he own thought to drink . he shake he head grimly and then , with sudden decision , go to the switchboard and plug in a line . doc ( lean over counter , stare at he ) what be you do ? pete ( into phone , ignore Doc ) hello , liz. now listen ... I ... be get macreedy out of town ... another angle - macreedy and doc as they exchange a glance . Doc take a long , deep breath of relief . macreedy frown thoughtfully . he strain to listen to Liz , but all he ( and we ) can hear be the staccato jumble of she word over the wire . wider angle - favoring pete he cut Liz short ... pete ( into phone ) I do not care about Smith ! let he try to kill I -- I might as well be dead as ... again Liz 's voice incoherent over the phone , and again ... pete ( into phone , interrupt ) Liz , Liz ... there 's not much of I leave any more , but however little it be I will not waste it ! ( again Liz 's voice briefly ; then ... ) I be tell you because we need you help . ( again Liz 's voice ) ... no matter about the past -- you have get to do this ! you would be save two life , Liz . macreedy 's , and mine . ( again Liz answer and ... ) all right . yeah ... I have tell he everything . slowly he replace the phone on the switch - board . he come around from behind the desk , join macreedy and Doc . pete ( flatly ) she will be here in five minute . macreedy thanks , Pete . thanks very much . dissolve to : int . HOTEL lobby - pete , hector and doc - night Pete and Doc be nervously alert , drain of energy , wait . hector be downright bored . he toy with he pistol , squinting at it , twirling the barrel . find neither interest nor pleasure in the piece , he jam it back in he holster and stroll with exaggerated surety out on the porch . ext . porch - night the congregation of loafer look up as hector emerge . imbue with he own bully importance , he draw the pistol , maneuver a extravagant pinwheel and a few other gaudy trick . then he sigh as boredom again take over . he walk down the step to catch a bit of air . int . lobby - doc and pete the disappearance of hector ( o.s. ) down the street galvanize they into action . they hurry out of the lobby toward the back of the hotel . ext . alley - behind HOTEL - night vague in the pallid light escape through a few back window . the hotel 's rear door be tightly shut . around the far corner of the street ( extreme b.g. ) come the gangle body of hector David . he walk toward camera . perhaps twenty - five yard away he stop to rest against a fence like a lean tower . close shot - hector his hand go to a pocket and come out with a crumpled half pack of cigarettes . suddenly the movement be arrest ; something at the other end of the street capture he bleak attention . what he sees a jeep , headlight off , slowly turn the corner , pull up to the curb and park . back to scene - hector pocket he cigarettes and start slowly for the jeep , a quizzical frown on he horsy face . he approach the back door of the hotel , oblivious to it as he continue toward the jeep . int . rear hallway of HOTEL - night at the far end b.g. , toward the lobby , a single unshade light bulb burn dully . a slight figure stand in f.g . to one side be a narrow U - shape alcove blankete in heavy shadow . the feature of the man in the hall and the slim line of he body blend vaguely in the darkness . with enormous care , he turn a knob and open the door lead to the alley behind the hotel . Light throw by the back window reveal that the figure be Pete . the same pallid light from the alley , glance across the alcove , momentarily illuminate it . glue as close to the recess wall as be humanly possible be Doc . he be partially shield by one of that hotel hose wheel around which a old fire hose be wound . the heavy brass nozzle of the hose hang from the end . Doc grip a twelve- inch length of lead pipe . Pete swallow nervously and peer outside , first to the right , then to the leave . his eye glaze with fear , and he jaw tighten with tension . ext . alley - another angle - favoring pete as he stare at hector walk toward the jeep . pete ( control he jangle nerve ) hector ! hector stop , turn to face Pete . he hesitates , then ... hector hmmmm ? then , with a final glance at the jeep , hector lumber to Pete , who disappear inside the hallway . int . rear hallway as hector enter and stop . Pete quickly close the door behind he and walk toward the lobby , attempt to draw hector toward the black alcove center screen b.g. but hector be not to be suck in . he glare at Pete , wait . ( note : the follow dialogue be deliver sotto voce . ) hector what you want ? pete he 's still in he room . macreedy , I mean . hector so ...? you want I to tuck he in ? pete I think maybe you want to tell Smith . hector ( explain something he feel Pete already know ) Smith say he would be here at midnight . he do not want to be disturb . he jam a cigarette in he mouth . Pete watch he frantically as he search he pocket for a match . he can not find one . hector you get a match ? pete come on . I get some in the lobby . he start to turn . hector 's pig eye be slit of suspicion . before Pete can move , hector reach out , hook two heavy finger inside a pocket of Pete 's shirt . slowly hector 's expression change to one of insidious cun . his finger come out of Pete 's pocket , and between they be a paper book of match . hector I think you do not have a match . Pete be unable to answer . he be scared to death . int . alcove - doc sweat with frustration . hector be six foot away , and armed -- too far away for Doc to risk a attack with he lead pipe . Doc look around vaguely , wildly , for another weapon . a fraction of a inch from he nose be the hose wheel . for a split second he hesitates . then slowly , with infinite care , he tighten the heavy brass nozzle and begin to unwind the hose . int . rear hallway now hector be alert . he study Pete 's twitching face . elaborately he tear a match from the pack and scratch it . it take fire , cup in the rampart of he big hand . it light up the hall , and as hector look around he see something through a mirror -- over he shoulder and six foot away Doc materialize out of the shadow of the alcove . as hector whirl , go for he gun , Doc swing the hose with sudden deadly aim . it uncoil like a snake , and the brass nozzle crash with a mighty thud across hector 's skull . hector groan . he sink unconscious to the floor . Doc stand there , paralyze by he action . Pete tear toward the lobby . int . lobby as Pete rush in . he move directly to the desk , lean over and press the buzzer behind the desk three time . he turn and run back toward the rear of the building . int . rear stair as macreedy barrel down . he pause briefly in the hall as he see Doc still stand with the hose and the nozzle dangle like a pendulum from he hand . they eye lock briefly in understanding ... macreedy ( with a half smile ) I will never forgive you , Doc ... ( he gesture toward hector , out cold ) ... for deprive I of that pleasure . he head toward the alley . ext . alley as macreedy rush out . he pause , look quickly right , then leave . he see a jeep park at the curb far down the street . he run toward it . the jeep , its headlight off , start for he . he swing onto the move vehicle , fall heavily into the seat beside Liz brook . he slump there , breathe heavily as the jeep , with a grind of gear , cut through the night , pick up speed . int . rear hallway as Pete join doc. silently , motionlessly , the two man stare for a long moment at hector -- particularly at the pistol lie beside he . then they look at each other , and the same think seem to flash in they mind ... quick dissolve : ext . road - macreedy and liz as they speed down the long empty ribbon of road . Liz drive hard . macreedy turn in the bucket seat , look back toward Black rock . liz sorry I can not get more out of this heap . macreedy do not answer . liz ( with a burst of irritation ) we could make better time with a dog team . macreedy ( calmly ) you be do the best you can . ( a beat ) be not you , Liz ? liz do not expect too much from I . macreedy ( dryly ) do not worry , I will not . liz ( quickly ) I mean , people have always expect thing from I . you know why ? because I be pretty . well , that 's not enough . mo . shot - jeep with Liz and macreedy as she cut sharply into a crossroad . she drive skillfully over the knotty road which be little more than a trail . her lovely feature be distort with she discontent and the ache for attention . after a moment she give voice to she fantasy ... liz ( softly ) maybe I could have be something -- a model , or something . ( glance at he ) you do not believe that . macreedy yes I do . liz well , I do not , really . I be a dime a dozen . macreedy that I do not believe . liz I be too little and too late . macreedy it 's never too late . liz I lack the muscle . macreedy ( frown ) why be muscle so important ? liz ( cynically ) oh , you be the brainy type . ( harshly ) do it take brain to rough up coley ? whatever you do to hector , you do not do it with brain . how would you get Pete to change he mind ? macreedy not with muscle . liz and not with brain , either . he 's a pushover for a muscle man . macreedy I be beginning ' to think it run in the family . ( look at she hard ) you think strength be in the width of a man 's shoulder . he do not catch the glance she dart he ; he extreme awareness be anchore not to the girl at he side but to the terrain ahead . liz I would sure have like to see you tangle with reno Smith . macreedy he be not around when I leave ... maybe I will yet . his eye strain to sweep the country -- each boulder , each outcropping , each stunt tree . but substance and shadow be blurred and fuzzy in the dark night , black on black . out sequence omit from original script . another angle - jeep with macreedy and Liz as it wind to the far end of the boulder on a trail that drop off into a flat basin . solid form loom up in the darkness ; they be unrecognizable , yet macreedy sense some tense familiarity with the terrain ... he frown . suddenly Liz brake the jeep -- so sharply macreedy lurch forward in the seat . macreedy ( alert , expectant ) what 's this ? liz ( vamp nervously ) we need water ... ( she turn off engine , pull ignition key from its lock ) ... radiator 's overheate . she move away from macreedy to get out of the jeep . he reach across quickly , grip she arm . she turn to face he , disturb by he hardness of jaw and eye ... liz leggo ! leggo of I ! suddenly they be hit by a blind pair of headlight like [ ...] the beam cut jaggedly through the night , throw into sharp immediate relief the lava rock , the break windmill , the gut house , the litter -strewn , unmark grave at adobe flat . Liz throw away the ignition key . macreedy bail out of the jeep , still hold the girl . close two shot - liz and macreedy as they fall to the earth . macreedy pin she down . then in quick succession , four emphatically loud shot from a rifle squirt into the shale around they . macreedy ( harshly , through he tooth ) you be stupid , Liz . you be a fool . if he finish I , he 's get to finish you . he look up blindly into the headlight glaring from the granitic high ground some 60 yard away . his grip on the girl 's shoulder be like a steel trap . he push she down beside komako 's grave , hugging the side of the jeep as a shot rip the gravel at they foot . pull the girl with he , he take cover in the slight concavity of the grave . the jeep be between they and the headlight -- between they and the source of the gunfire . Liz struggle to break away . suddenly bullet kick up a storm around he . a bullet smashes into the flower , explode tiny cruel fragment of dirt into macreedy 's face . he gasp in pain , release Liz . he rub he eye as if to convince himself that he be not blind . Liz break from the grave . now , five yard from macreedy ... liz ( call toward the headlight ) smitty ! smitty ! smith's voice ( o.s. ) I be here , honey . just head for the car . Liz half turn , face macreedy with a vicious smile ... liz ( a almost banter voice ) so long , macreedy . she start toward the headlight . go with liz she reach the foot of the rocky ridge , with the two enormous eye on top . she begin to climb , up ... up ... smith ( o.s . ) just a few more step , honey . she be almost at the top ; a vertically sheer rock about five foot high separate she from it . she look up at Smith , tower over she at the edge of the precipice . he hold he rifle almost languorously . liz ( breathlessly ) get he ! get he now ! smith ( easily ) first thing first , honey . the girl be frighten by the menace in Smith 's voice . liz ( unsure , reach out she hand ) help I up , smitty . smith you be go to help I , Liz . ( she look at he quizzically ) I still need you help . liz ( confuse ) I do what you say ... smith you two start out in a car . that 's the way you will end up . over a cliff , burn . ( she try to interrupt he , but he go on ... ) you can blame that on macreedy , too . he say I have too many witness . liz ( dry whisper ) but why I ? why start with I ? smith I get to start with somebody . he bring the rifle down , aim almost casually at Liz . her eye go wide . she step back , spin around , run crazily down the steep incline . liz ( yell wildly ) macreedy ! macreedy ! a shot ring out . she fall forward , roll slowly down the embankment . she lie there . blood trickle from the corner of she pretty mouth . a rattling noise rise from deep in she throat , and then subside . in the silence the outline of reno Smith emerge . holding he rifle at the ready , he silhouette illuminate sharply in the twin beam of light , he climb down the side of the cliff . he look toward the jeep and macreedy , not once at the girl at he foot . liz ( sadly , almost reproachfully ) you should not have do that ... Smith pay no attention to she . he advance inexorably with rifle hold at he hip . he fire at macreedy . ext . grave macreedy wipe the last of the fragment from he eye . his face be still streak with dirt and shale . he turn , search for something , anything , to fight back with . then he remember ... stiffen , he body set , he eye narrow , he move purposefully toward the front of the jeep and crawl under it . again Smith open up on he . bullet after bullet pour into the confine space , nick the wall , ricochete off the jeep with a frightening , fluttery , wheeze sound . the fire stop again and in the silence we hear a familiar trickle , as in run water ... ext . ranch - smith re-load he rifle . stiffly , he start slowly down over the rock toward he unarm victim ... macreedy he have unscrewe the nut and unconnected the gas line with the carburator . a spurt of gasoline be run out . with a quick motion he pick up a empty whisky bottle from the litter - strewn earth . he fill it with gasoline , quickly screw the nut back on . now he sweep he necktie free of he collar . holding it with he tooth , he tear the feel lining free from its silk face . he twist half the lining inside the bottle , knotting the other end securely around the bottle 's neck , leave a long strand dangle . ext . ranch - close shot - smith move rigidly toward the hole . he stop , level he rifle , fire . ext . grave - macreedy pin down in the direct line of fire . the burst of the rifle stop . ext . ranch - smith not more than twenty - five yard away , advance carefully , rifle at the ready . ext . grave - macreedy light a match , place the flame to the dangle end of the tie . it catch . he fling himself to he foot and with the same motion whip the fiery bottle like a football , hard and straight toward Smith . Smith fire once , fast and wild . the bottle crash against the rock at he foot and burst with a shatter explosion . Smith scream as the razor - sharp sliver rip he flesh . in a puff of flame , he clothes ignite . he drop the rifle and go down , squirming frantically on the black ashy ground . ext . ranch - full shot favor macreedy as he tear out of the hole . he hurl himself at Smith . wooden -face , almost dreamy - eye , he shovel the ashy dirt over Smith 's prone chest , put out the fire . Smith struggle halfway to he foot . macreedy grab he shoulder , help he up . Smith look at macreedy through eye bleary with fear and pain and shock . smith ( through he tooth ) go ahead -- kill I . now . macreedy I would like to kill you now , but you cause too much pain to die quickly . ( a beat ) you will be try in a court of law . you will be convict by a jury . then you will die . he drive he right fist against Smith 's chin . Smith 's head snap back as far as it can go and then wobble to rest on he chest . he collapse . macreedy blow out he breath hard . he stagger to Liz . as he bend over she ... dissolve : ext . black rock - day ( dawn ) Liz 's jeep , drive by macreedy , roll slowly down the empty main street of the sleep town . behind he , under a tarp , the body of the girl lie lifeless across the seat . on the seat beside he be Smith 's rifle , the balance a few inch from macreedy 's elbow . on the right front fender of the jeep Smith sit precariously , he shirt scorched and rag . he wear a sullen expression of pain indifference . in b.g. , as the jeep pass , isolate light go on , first in Doc 's house , then in two or three other . macreedy be oblivious to they . ext . jail - close shot - a man almost completely hide , look out grimly from a corner of the jail window . protrude through the bar , swiveling to follow the progress of the jeep down the street , be the long , ugly muzzle of a rifle . ext . MAIN STREET - jeep as macreedy pull up to the curb in front of the jail and cut the ignition . he grab the rifle , and step around to Smith . macreedy ( tonelessly , prodding Smith off the fender with he rifle ) hand behind you head . Smith comply . ext . jail as macreedy march Smith up the step . the jail door open . a man emerge , wear a Mackinaw over he vest and carry a rifle . it be Tim . for a moment macreedy eye he in silence . his gun finger tighten on the rifle in he hand . Tim 's rifle , too , be at the ready ... macreedy ( after a beat ) be I go to have trouble with you ? tim nope . but I sure think the situation be go to be like reverse . I think I be go to have trouble ... ( nodd sharply in Smith 's direction ) ... with he . I will take care of he . macreedy ( still hesitate ) just as you take care of he buddy ? tim just as I take care of he buddy . I , a ' Doc , and Pete ... the SOUND of run foot pad along the dirt road increase on SOUND track . macreedy turn slightly , to see Doc huffing toward he . the older man climb the jail step and come to a abrupt halt , he eye go from one to the other of the two man in the stand -off . doc ( to macreedy ) it 's all right , macreedy ... he pull Tim 's Mackinaw to one side , revealing the silver - plate star pin at the breast . doc Old Tim here 's get he badge back . macreedy swing he rifle from Tim to Smith . Tim lower he , step to one side , allow Smith , cover by macreedy , to enter the jail . he go in , Doc follow . Pete sit silently at Tim 's desk . int . jail in one of the two cell be coley and hector . in the other , Sam and hastings . macreedy ( look around ) well . the gang be all here . tim I think I would take one last whack at my job . even if Smith kill I for it . macreedy ( jerk he head toward Smith ) put he in with hastings . Tim turn he key in the cell door . macreedy tiredly go to Pete at the desk . macreedy you sister 's outside , Pete . Pete rise . macreedy halt he momentarily , grip he arm ... macreedy ( flatly ) she 's dead . Pete walk dazedly out the door . Tim grab Smith 's shoulder and propel he roughly through the cell door . he slam it hard . as the clatter of the iron door reverberate harshly ... dissolve : ext . HOTEL - black rock - day the townspeople , with Doc f.g. , be gather silently in the street , stare sadly , dumbly at the hotel before they . Doc wear a dark business suit , neat and conservative . the door open ( o.s. ) and the people look up , they eye lighting with expectancy . what they see macreedy come out of the door , carry he suitcase . for a moment he pause , look at the uplift face of the people in the street . in the distance we hear the horn of a stream - liner . macreedy go down the step , skirt the watch crowd and head for the railroad station . almost immediately Doc fall in step with he . the townspeople , still silent , trail after they moving shot - macreedy and doc in f.g. , the townspeople behind they . in b.g. , as we pass , we see the main street just as we see it when macreedy enter town a few short hour ago . macreedy ( walk , after a beat , to Doc ) Tim know where to find I if I be need . Doc nod . he blink and frown ... macreedy what 's on you mind , Doc ? doc nothing . only ... about that medal . can we have it ? macreedy " we ... ? " can who have it ? doc we. ( indicate the townspeople , with a vague wave of he hand ) we . macreedy why ? doc well , we need it , I guess . it 's something we can maybe build on . this town be wreck , just as bad as if it be bomb out . maybe it can come back ... macreedy some town come back . some do not . it depend on the people . a noise o.s. attract macreedy 's attention . he turn , as do Doc and the townsman . what they see in front of the jail , each of they handcuff , be Smith , coley , hector , Sam and hastings . Tim and four cop escort they to two State Police car which be park beside Tim 's old sedan and another car ( presumably belong to a member of the press ) . the newspaperman ( without a PRESS card in he hat ) stand to one side with Pete . Pete as well as Tim have change clothes ; they look clean and trim . coley have he arm in a sling . hector 's hat hide the bandage on he head . back to scene macreedy resume walk toward the abandon station , with Doc at he side and the people behind he . the train pull in . doc ( still press ) that medal would help . macreedy be silent . he walk on , to the platform . he pause , look at the people silently in he wake and then at Doc . he take a black velvet - cover box from he pocket -- the box contain the medal -- look at it , and slowly hand it to Doc . doc thanks , macreedy . thanks for everything . macreedy turn and exit from shot . the people look after he . ext . platform as macreedy board the train . ext . STREET the car in front of the jail u-turn and start off with the prisoner . the people move silently toward the train . ext . train macreedy be at the passageway . slowly the train move out . int . passageway of train macreedy and a conductor stand at the doorway . the town be see behind they and the people stand there . in the distance , Tim 's car recede . conductor ( curiously ) what 's the excitement ? what happen ? macreedy a shoot . conductor I know it be something . first time a streamliner stop here in four year . macreedy second time . he walk into the train . long shot - train gather speed , diminish , far , far into the horizon . fade out : the end note note from page [ 9 ] : ( 1 ) the sign should be of whatever type be feasible and compatible to terrain , emphasize the remoteness of Black rock . it should list three city with arrow point in the proper direction : sand CITY 32 mile phoenix 156 mile