bad-word by Andrew c. dodge int . school gymnasium - morning kide and family mill about in front of a elevate stage bedeck with row of fold chair . a giant banner read : '' southland district 's 15 th annual regional spelling bee ... next stop , WASHINGTON d.c.!1 !! '' at the snack table , guy duncan , dishevel 30 , shove donut into the wear pocket of he shitty blazer . crisply dressed dad ( 0.s. ) you must be so proud . I know I be . guy look up to see a crisply dressed dad . crisply dressed dad ( cont ’d ) be not kid amazing ? which one 's yours ? guy tear into a donut . a avalanche of powder sugar fall down he blazer . guy ( full mouth ) be you fuck kid I ? guy shamble away , leave the dad confuse . int . gymnasium , stage a paunchy woman in a salmon colored pantsuit step behind the microphone and dartle a smile out into the gymnasium . salmon pantsuit ooookay everyone ! the spell bee be about to begin so will all of we noble competitor please take they seat up on stage . Parents take they seat down below as the student make they way up on stage . guy sit between two student up on the stage in the back row . he look at the overweight boy , 12 , sit on he leave . guy Christ . would it kill you to lose some weight ? I barely have any room here . the overweight boy self - consciously look away . in front , salmon pantsuit notice guy sit up on stage . salmon pantsuit I be sorry , Sir ? guy morosely look up . salmon pantsuit ( cont ’d ) ( precious tone ) this seat be for the competitor , only , so if you can just - guy I be a competitor . salmon pantsuit chuckle just for a moment . but guy do not . CUT to : ext . gymnasium - moment later guy stand outside with salmon pantsuit and the two other judge - a SMALL , bald man , 70 , with huge eye glass and a woman , 5as , proudly wear a bedazile denim vest . guy suck on he tooth as all three scrutinize a shitty tatter piece of paper . the bald judge put he huge glass on , make he eye as big as planet , which startles guy . bald glass ( old man forcefulness ) Mr. Duncan , I be not go to allow it . you be not eligible . in any fashion , way , shape , or manner ! the bald judge pull he huge glass off . guy no , you honor , you're out of order ! ( more ) guy ( cont 'd ) page thirty nine of the scribb National spell bee rule book . rule twenty four sub point B. quote : '' the speller must not have pass beyond the eighth grade on or before February 1 , 2011 . '' that , Sir , be a rule make by you institute , not mine ! ( be : shitty tatter paper ) you be look at my transcript ! try not to wrinkle it any more than it be , okay ? as you can see , I have not pass beyond the eighth grade . not on or before February 1 , 2011 ! not ever ! bald glass that may be but - guy - page sixty nine of the scribb Institute National spell bee rule book . rule fifty one sub Point a : '' the speller must not have earn a high school diploma or the legal equivalent of a high school diploma . '' guess what , chicken butt ? I have not ! a total of 83 paragraph , five hundred and eighty one line of rule in you rule book and I be comply with every stupid one of they ! bedazile judge the spell bee be mean for kid . not adult who could not even graduate the 8th grade . guy '' could not ? '' '' could not ? '' so now you be say you will not let I participate because you think I be stupid ? do you just call I fuck retarded ? bedazile judge ( flustered ) that 's not what I mean at all . salmon pantsuit there 's no need for such salty language , Mr. Duncan ! salmon pantsuit ( cont ’d ) you do not have a sponsor present . every speller must be sponsor by a nationally publish newspaper . jenny widgeon , 30 , approach . jenny guy ! there you be ! ( to judge ) Jenny widgeon . Daily probe - guy 's sponsor . sorry I be late . bald glass the Daily pro- ha ! that 's not a newspaper . jenny well let 's not argue over semantics , shall we ? guy they do not want to let I participate . jenny ( feign shock , gasp ) they do not want to let you participate ? guy and they call I a retarded . Jenny pull out she cellphone . dial . wait . jenny ( into cellphone ) you be right . ok . thanks . Jenny slam she cell off . salmon pantsuit what be that ? who do you just talk to ? jenny lead council of the Daily probe 's legal team . guy they be more like piranhas with scorpion tail for dick than actual lawyer . jenny as you can guess , the Daily probe be involved in its fare share of legal suit and boy do this guy know how to gum up the work ! so , in about a half hour you will receive a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction prohibit the continuation of this competition until we clear this whole legal matter up . Jenny cringe , whisper . jenny ( cont 'd ) sorry . bedazile judge legal matter ? this be not a legal matter ! guy it be now . we be suing the three of you personally as well as the scribb Institute for discrimination and fraud for the amount of ten million dollar . all the color drain out of the judge 's face . bald glass how dare you try to hijack this spelling bee ! you can not do that ! jenny hmm . maybe . maybe not . again . Semantics . but get down to the bottom of that will take week . month . guy until then , no spelling bee . hey , can I at least stay to watch you tell that entire gymnasium full of kid and parent that they will not get they shot at the national . salmon pantsuit nervously look at the other judge . she have no choice , it seem . salmon pantsuit ( resign ) the rule be the rule , I guess . salmon pantsuit eyeball Jenny 's phone . salmon pantsuit ( cont ’d ) so can you just ... jenny oh , right . yes. certainly . Jenny speed dial she cellphone . jenny ( cont 'd ) yep. yep. yeeep . okay . Jenny hang up the phone . jenny ( cont 'd ) well , okay . look like we have a spelling bee to get to ! salmon pantsuit look like she swallow a wasp . int . gymnasium , judge's table a crowd of concerned parent have bloom around the table . salmon pantsuit there 's nothing we can do about the loophole he find . he 's clearly a alcoholic or a drug tweaker . I think the least unpleasant option be to just humor he derangement a bit , let he participate , and when he lose , he pathetic reality of a life will sink in . the best child will win . I assure you . Social justice will prevail . do not you all believe in you kid ? I do ! the parent nod . salmon pantsuit ( cont ’d ) then let 's be the bigger people in this situation , mkay ? CUT to : int . gymnasium , stage - moment later brace - face girl stand behind the microphone . bald glass be the proctor . bald glass oleaginous . brace oleaginous ? bald glass oleaginous . brace oleaginous . can I have the definition , please ? bald glass shoot guy a look . bald glass '' have the nature or quality of oil . '' or '' unctuous ; fawn ; smarmy . '' oleaginous . guy subtly scratch he nose with he middle finger . brace oleaginous . can I have the language of origin ? bald glass Latin . brace oleaginous . do it contain the Latin root '' olea '' meaning '' olive ? '' bald glass that be correct . brace oleaginous ... brace - face girl start ghost - spelling the word in she hand . brace ( cont 'd ) oleaginous . can you use it ina sentence ? guy oh my God ! all the kid sit around guy squirm with discomfort . bald glass '' the oleaginous man know he should not attend the party , but come anyway . guy ( cough ) koughissmyass . brace oleaginous . brace - face girl ghost - spell it in she hand again . brace ( cont 'd ) oleaginous . bald glass oleaginous . brace oleaginous . can you tell I the part of speech ? proctor adjective . guy turn to the overweight Boy . guy no shit it 's a adjective . she ghost - spell it one more time . brace oleaginous . any other pronunciation ? proctor no . brace oleaginous . o-l-e-a-g-i-n-o-u-s. oleaginous . proctor that be correct . everyone in the room applaud except guy . relieved , brace face girl sit back down . next , a boy , 11 , with a huge mole on he cheek walk to the microphone . guy lean over to the overweight Boy . guy ( be : mole ) hey , if he ever end up in prison I know what he cell - wife will be aim for every single time ! be I right ? be I right ? the overweight Boy nervously shift in he seat . proctor recidivism . mole recidivism . proctor recidivism . mole recidivism . proctor recidivism . mole recidivism . can I have the definition ? proctor '' ar tendency to lapse into a previous condition or pattern of behavior ; especially , a fall back or relapse into prior criminal habit . '' recidivism . mole recidivism . can I have the part of speech ? proctor noun . mole ghost spell it in he hand . mole recidivism . can you please use it in a sentence ? guy turn to the brace - face girl . guy Holy ball , who do not know this fuck word , huh ? Jesus . you. are. all. so. lame . 10 . mole r-e-c-e-d-i-v-i-s-m. recidivism . bedazzle vest sadly hit a crude buzzer . the parent in the audience '' awwws '' but applaud with appreciation for the attempt . guy 's laughter erupt over it all . mole lower he head Charlie Brown style and walk off the stage . the applause die down and everyone sit uncomfortably as guy 's laughter continue to ring through the gymnasium . back in the seat , Jenny shake she head from guy 's obnoxiousness . finally , guy finish , dab he eye . guy oh , so pathetic . hoo ... guy notice everyone 's wait for he . guy ( cont 'd ) oh , I be up . guy move to the mic . the crowd murmur . bald glass sigh . bald glass absquatulate - guy ( impatient . Quick . ) a-b-s-q-u-a-t-u-l-a-t-e . guy turn and head back to he seat . bald glass ( horrify . surprise . ) that 's - that 's correct . nobody applaud . just silent shock . back at he seat , a evil smile creep across guy 's face as he address the kid sit around he . 11 . guy I hope all of you pillow case be waterproof , because tonight they be gonna be soak with lot of nerdy little snot tear ! boo hoo hoo ... title : bad word ext . gymnasium , parking lot - later guy run out with the giant first - place trophy tucked under he arm . a angry mob of parent burst out after he , throw coffee cup and donut . Jenny screech she car to a stop in guy 's path . jenny ( half reluctant ) get in if you want to live ! guy quickly pile in and slam down the lock . a home bake mom hawk a angry loogi on the window right level with guy 's face . as the loogi drip down the window , the crisply dress dad rush the car and scream : crisply dressed dad you be the devil !!! the car peel out of the parking lot just as crisply dress dad launch a fold - up chair , smash a tail light . CUT to : int . car , moving - later guy slouches in the seat next to he trophy . Jenny drive like a bat out of hell 's ass . jenny do you see that back there ?! total parentocalypse ! you owe I a tail light ! 12 . guy just watch you drive , will you ? jenny '' grown man go to National spell bee ! " by Jenny widgeon . oh , God . this be the only time I wish the nation 's illiteracy rate be even higher . guy I be glad I could help . jenny nonono . thank you ! thank you for walk into the probe and convincing my editor to help you pull off this craptastic stunt ! guy ( mock ) wah ! I have integrity but the world will not let I show it . wah ! jenny hey ! I ama real reporter , you get that ? I have cover presidential election ! I have uncover international corporate scandal ! and if it be not for the collapse of the newspaper business I have still be do that . guy here 's a headline for you : I don ’t give a dancing shit . jenny pack for Washington D.C. be go to be simple for you , be not it ? because you just stuff all of you clothes in the hole where you heart would be if you have one . you be you own carry on ! CUT to : ext . car , moving - same time Jenny 's car speed away as we pan up to a passenger plane flying overhead . CUT to : 13. int . plane , flying - much later guy sit with he eye shut tight . Jenny sit next to he . she lower guy 's tray and place a tape recorder on it in front of he . guy open he eye . guy -.. the fuck 's this ? jenny time for a obligatory interview . guy not now . I be get my beauty rest . jenny yeah , and it 's really work for you . it be . I mean it . alright . where to begin ? hmm . I wonder . oh yeah ! why be you do this ? why have you decide , at this late stage in you life , to compete against child in the National spell bee ? guy sleepy time . guy point to he close eye . jenny you gonna make this hard or easy ? guy flip she the bird . jenny ( cont 'd ) I have have bigger challenge than you . trust I . guy remain still , he eye shut . Jenny impatiently snap she recorder up . jenny ( cont 'd ) Fine . I be go to the bathroom . we will settle this later . Jenny get out of she seat and storm up the aisle . guy keep he eye close . suddenly , a indian boy , 12 , chaitanya chopra - as awkward as the day be long - pop up from the seat behind Jenny 's . chaitanya hi. I be chaitanya chopra . 14 . guy ( annoyed ) what ? chaitanya my name . guy congratufuckinlation . chaitanya what 's you name ? guy say nothing . chaitanya chaitanya chaitanya ( cont ’d ) what 's you name ? guy guy . stare at guy squeezing he eye shut . chaitanya '' guy '' what ? guy do it matter ? chaitanya I be go to the National spell bee . my parent be up in first class . my dad say that economy class build character . guy ( who care ) amazing . lean over guy a bit more , look out of he window . chaitanya you have a great view . I have go to the National spell bee twice before . I overhear you say you be go to the National spell bee , too . you be the grow - up who 's compete , huh ? guy keep he eye shut . say nothing . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) I hear about you . what be you win word ? 15 . nothing from guy . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) you word ? you win word ? guy ( annoyed ) what ? chaitanya what be the word you spell to win you regional ? to get here ? mine be '' intelligentsia . '' guy I do not fuck remember . chaitanya come on , try to remember . guy shit , I do not know . chaitanya think . you should remember . how can you forget ? it 's sucha special word . guy ( tired ) '' autofellatio . '' chaitanya I have never hear of that word . what 's it 's origin ? guy loneliness . chaitanya no that can not be right ... I know " bruto '' be of Greek origin meaning '' self , '' right ? fellatio ... fellatio fellatio ... be that derive from the Latin '' fellare '' meaning to suck ? guy ( incredibly annoyed ) listen , do not get you tit ina tangle . it 's just a fuck word . Jesus ! 16 . guy close he eye again . chaitanya hey , can I trade seat with you ? I enjoy sit next to the window on airplane . guy no . chaitanya why not ? guy ( flustered ) because my seat be over a especially important part of the plane . I move and the plane will not be balanced and we will all plummet and crash in a fiery nightmarish death . chaitanya ( unbely ) what ? be you sure ? across the aisle , a little boy , 7 , overhear this . he look straight ahead and sit rigid , completely freak out . guy shit . see what you do ? now I get to take a eight - ball piss . guy get up . boy wooo ! I don ’t want to die !!! guy walk up the aisle to the lavatory as flight attendant rush past he to the scream boy . CUT to : espn intro sweep music rise as a camera pan across a empty mid-western school auditorium . a collage of child 's voice start spelling random letter , but all at once . narrator can you hear the buzz of the bee ? 17 . various shot of speller in moment of victory and defeat . narrator ( cont ’d ) the buzz that start long ago . we all have we memory of when we first hear it . various shot of chair with number . of dictionary page flipping . narrator ( cont ’d ) a old school - time competition be about to capture you imagination . the music start to swell . narrator ( cont ’d ) we all have we hometown heroes . but the genius of this competitor be spellbind . image of victorious kid pop up one after another . narrator ( cont ’d ) and like bee to honey , we lust for competition lead we hungrily to the epicenter of this quest for greatness . image of one teen after another take the giant check from scribb coo bill bowman , 60 - executively handsome for he age . narrator ( cont ’d ) the prize be just a word away , and that who compete want to take that check from the legendary scribb coo Bill bowman . they have dream of it all they life . image of teens hold up the spelling bee trophy ... narrator ( cont ’d ) and that 's why it 's the drama of '' the bee . " so , can you hear the buzz ? well , can you ? the image suddenly turn to monday night football type graphic as the faint sound of bee buzzing morph into the robotic whup whup whup of military helicopter as ... two robot warrior bee fly in from opposite side of the screen and collide with a violent mechanical explosion to blaring electric guitar ! 18 . suddenly two yuckity yuck announcers appear in the ballroom auditorium in front of the stage . chuck welcome everyone to the 85th annual scribb Institute National spell bee , I be Chuck wilde come at you live from the historic State Plaza Hotel here in the heart of we country 's only capital , Washington d.c .!!! pete and I be Peter yate . Chuck , over the year the popularity of the National spell bee have grow to sick proportion and this year viewership promise to rival that of any championship sport event . chuck you do not have to spell that out for I , Pete . what can we say ? the world love a good showdown and what . A. showdown . it will be ! let 's get to know some of this year 's most noteworthy alphabet gladiator ! from here on out , all broadcast graphic of name will be produce by this violent mechanical bee blow thing up and shoot laser with they stinger . thunderous music play over montage of pre-film , in - studio shot of competitor stand awkwardly for the camera . the insane graphic and production go totally against the grain of how nerdy they all actually be ... joyce sack , 14 year - old with pigtail , acne and a crooked grin . pete ( v.o. ) Joyce Sacks . a fourteen year old spelling assassin hail from plymouth Minnesota . come in 8th last year but this year retreat be not a option . Word have it that she 's be work with three different coaches - one for English , one for Greek and one for Latin - and she 's ready to declare '' all you basis be belong to we ! '' 19 . next , baxter flourney , 9 , brace and a BOWL haircut compliment by uncomfortable glance at the camera . chuck ( v.0 . ) that kid with brace steal you soul with he death stare ? oh nothing , just nine year - old mind killer baxter flourney from worcester , Massachusetts . his dad crush the National spell bee in 1980 at the age of 9 . last year , he older brother Benjamin behead first place at the age of 9 . and what do this mean ? the bee run thick in he blood and he 's about spill some of he competition 's ! next , chaitanya , the boy from the airplane ... pete ( v.o. ) some say that twelve year - old chaitanya chopra from olathe , Kansas have ice for blood . other say that if you open up he skull you have find Stephen hawking and Albert Einstein in a mix martial art fight . whatever the truth be , chaitanya have place third for the last two year and he be not go to take it anymore ! he 's focus . he want it . and word on the street be he 's gonna spine - rip anyone who get in he way ! the graphic explode to reveal eric tai , 14 - weird be a understatement . chuck ( v.0 . ) do not let he virgin exterior fool you ! Eric tai from San Diego California be a absolute spelling bee mongoose ! two year ago , he place second . last year , he lose by a syllable to Benjamin flourney . one syllable ! now , Eric want to proverbially pop out of the Mekong Delta with a knife in he mouth and disembowel the final round . next we see a montage of rough video footage of guy constantly walk away from the camera and flipping the bird . 20 . pete ( v.o . ) and finally , in what have be the strangest turn of event in bee history , we have contestant guy Duncan from St. Louis , Missouri . oh , do we forget to mention ? guy 's thirty four year - old ! this man have make huge wave in the competitive spelling world by expose and capitalize on a loophole in the competition 's rule , and oh mama ! have thing be topsy - turvy ! but he 's here and the only way we be gonna get rid of he be if he lose ! finally , we see quick footage cut of scribb coo Bill bowman all around the world : spoon feed a hungry African child , skydiving , ostrich racing , climb to the top of a human tower in sardinia . chuck ( v.0 . ) and all of this spelling bee action be constantly promote , laud , and endorse by one of America 's most charismatic coo , scribb Institute 's own Bill bowman . we cut to a live satellite feed of bowman , don a X - Games helmet , be harness to a zipline that stretch beyond the fiery lip of a volcano ! chuck ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) we have Mr. bowman join we on a live feed right now to share a few word . bowman thanks Chuck , Pete . I be sorry I be not in town yet . I be at the mouth of the kilauea volcano on the island of kauai , as I zipline across all the major volcanos of the world in my ongoing attempt to raise awareness about the literacy epidemic in America . you know , it 's a lot more dangerous than it look - and I be talk about we literacy rate , not the zipline . but never fear , I 'il make it to Washington in time to hand out first prize to we next National spell bee champion . who will be the next champion ? I do not know . ( more ) 21 . bowman ( cont 'd ) but I 'il tell you this , you can not be a bee champion , unless you have show honor , sportsmanship and integrity . it 's just impossible . as always , I can not wait to meet all of we noble competitor . well , most of they . i/ ' 11 be arrive with high hope , as well as that much love giant check ! bowman turn away from the camera , give the people around he a thumb - up , and Zipline over the volcano ! int . HOTEL hall - day guy and Jenny follow a crisply walk registration rep down the hall . CUT to : int . HOTEL office - day guy and Jenny enter the office to find national spelling bee director bernice deagan , 40s , tall , peter pan hair , sit behind the hotel manager 's desk . director deagan motion toward the two seat before the desk . director deagan have a seat . I be bernice deagan , director of the National spell bee. ( beat ) struthious . guy Excuse I ? director deagan s-t-r-u-t-h-i-0-u-s. struthious . that be my win word . 1973 . National Champion . just think you should know that . if you do not already . guy oh . director deagan guy . I do not like you . 22. jenny listen - director deagan now you just shoosh ! ( beat ) you know , when I be a little girl , I be always pick last in p.e. I hate sport . that 's probably what , thankfully , thrust I into the welcoming bosom of the spelling bee . now , I be proud to say , we be project to have more viewer than the superbowl . that feel kinda nice to say out loud . so how do I accomplish this ? elbow grease ? yes . hard work ? maybe. integrity ? you betcha . but what I do not do be use slimy gimmick just as yourself ! director deagan pull out a competitor number from she desk . director deagan ( cont ’d ) so I want to personally give you you number ... she move around the table and hang it around guy 's neck . director deagan ( cont 'd ) you think you be smart because you find a loophole - and you be take advantage of it . b-r-a-v -o . but I know you be not smarter than even the poorest speller in this competition . so may this number serve as the noose you hang yourself by . guy wow . thanks . director deagan do not mention it . oh , and one other thing . I personally arrange you hotel accommodation for you . just want you to know that . guy you should not have . director deagan but I do . 23 . guy so that all you get ? some sort of weird veile threat ? you could have do that in a e- mail . Jesus . guy get up . Jenny follow . director deagan I just think it would mean more in person . guy not in this day and age ! guy exit . director deagan ( call after he ) I be watch you . guy ( 0.s. ) ( call back ) good ! the door slam behind guy and Jenny . CUT to : int . state plaza HOTEL lobby - moment later the place be pack with bee parent and kid . guy bulldoze he way through . Jenny keep up . jenny hey ! where be you go ? the contestant ice cream social be that way ! guy walk off , raise he middle finger as he go . jenny ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) wow . what a complete asshole . int . elevator —- moment later as the door start to close , guy see chaitanya run toward the elevator . chaitanya hold the door ! 24 . guy do not budge , force chaitanya to wrestle between the door himself . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) whew ! I make it . hey , I know you ! guy do not answer . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) you be guy , from the airplane . guy stay silent . guy no I be not . chaitanya I be chaitanya , remember ? cool . I like word . what 's you favorite word ? guy try to ignore he . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) come on . what 's you favorite word in the whole wide world ? guy I do not - chaitanya - favorite word ? guy I do not have a favorite word . chaitanya mine be '' assassin . '' it just sound so cool , you know ? assassin . assassin . assassin . assassin . assassin . ass assin . guy press the button some more . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) what 's yours ? guy ( shut up ) i. do not. have. one. 25 . chaitanya of course you do . everyone do . I bet you even helen keller have a favorite word . she be blind and deaf . everyone 's get a favorite word . guy well , I guess I be a fuck oddball , then . chaitanya I bet abraham lincoln have a favorite word . Mark twain . Neil armstrong . Charles schultz . Bill Clinton . Charlie chaplin ... and he do silent film . guy no shit ! but I don ’t! chaitanya well , if you be to have one what would it be ? guy ( gritt tooth ) I do not . chaitanya say you be on a desert island and this gorilla come out of the jungle and hold a gun to you head and say , '' hoo hoo ! tell I what you favorite word be ! '' what would you say ? guy get flustered . guy listen , Chet ... chick ... whatever the fuck you name be . chaitanya chaitanya . guy stop try to get all up in my fucking head , slum dog ! chaitanya okay . the elevator door open and guy angrily pour out . 26 . int . HOTEL room - later before guy can open the door all the way , it hit the mattress , which be on the floor . guy what the ... guy fight he way in to see that the gray , tiny room be nothing but a mattress flanke by gray industrial shelf . on the other wall stand a deep , mildew washbasin ... and _no bathroom . CUT to : ext . HOTEL room - moment later guy take a close look at the door . he notice the fade indentation of the word '' Cleaning staff only '' underneath he polished brass room number . guy clenches he tooth . CUT to : int . front desk - moment later guy stand before a barbie doll front desk clerk , 20 . front desk representative unfortunately , the hotel be completely sell out . guy I do not have a bathroom ! front desk ( patronize ) yeah . ouch . guy i_don ’t have a bathroom . the front desk clerk crinkle she nose . guy storm away . int . state plaza HOTEL , bar - later a small , stylish bar . guy stand out like a black - nail thumb amongst this polished , smile crowd . 27 . he spot Jenny sit at the bar . the only open seat be right next to she . jenny bartender . Old fashion . if guy want booze , he have no choice . he sigh and sit down next to she . jenny ( cont 'd ) ( to bartender ) make that two . ( to guy ) no mini-bar , huh ? guy no nothing . jenny I think the Queen bee be send you a message . guy damn skippy . jenny man . there be so many parent around here . this place be burst in the seem with they . guy no shit . jenny where be you parent ? guy oh Jesus Christ . I just want to have a drink in peace . be that too much to ask ? jenny listen , I be try to make the best out of my situation , okay ? I be suppose to cover you , so I be go to do it the best way I know how . by ask question . by start with the basic . by get to know you . 28 . guy well do I a favor and do not get to know I . just report what you see , and leave it at that . stop try so hard . jenny you be like a insolent child hide secret from he mother . guy heh , you do not amount to half the broad my mother be ! guy realize he just reveal a personal fact . he grimace and curse at himself under he breath . slug he drink . jenny I be sorry . when do she die ? guy fuck off . Jenny flag the bartender . jenny I be gonna need another . guy I be gonna need two ! CUT to : int . state plaza HOTEL , bar - later now several empty glass sit before guy and Jenny ... jenny look , it 's my job ! I be just do my job . guy be that how you justify be what you be ? jenny what I be ? look at you ! CUT to : int . state plaza HOTEL , bar - later now twice as many empty glass litter the bar in front of they . they both stubbornly sit , tipsy and angry . 29 . guy look , screw you . jenny whatever . guy screw you ! jenny you know what ?! screw you ! CUT to : int . HOTEL room - later with he pants around he ankle , guy desperately hump Jenny on he mattress . jenny yes . yes ! do not look at I . don ’t look at I ! don ’t look at I . guy crane he head away to the side as far as he can - he face practically press against the nasty mop sink . guy Jesus Christ okay I be not look at you ! CUT to : int . HOTEL room - later guy lie on the mattress on the floor as Jenny hurriedly put she skirt back on . jenny wow . that be a mistake . guy it be great for I , too . jenny I all ... i’11 see you tomorrow . Jenny leave . guy spot Jenny 's forget underwear on the floor . he pick they up . shove they in he pocket . 30 . there 's a knock on the door . guy get up . open the door . guy yeah , if you be so together then why would you forget you under - chaitanya stand there , hold a jar of nut . chaitanya sorry to bother you , but I hear you be still awake . would you mind help I open this jar of mix nut ? chaitanya peer past guy . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) wow. small room . guy slam the door in the boy 's face . chaitanya knock some more . chaitanya ( 0.c. ) ( cont ’d ) can you help I ? TI have not have anything to eat all night . I be study my word so hard I miss room service hour and this jar be too hard for I to open . guy open the door . guy oh yeah well we all need something , do not we ? life be fill with disappointment ! guy grab the jar and smashes it against the opposite wall . he slam the door shut . guy listen to see if chaitanya have leave . chaitanya ( 0.c. ) I ... I be wonder if you want to be my friend . guy open the door . 31 . guy listen slum Dog , I dunno what make you think that I want to be you friend but you better baba ghanoush that idea right out of you head ! guy slam the door . chaitanya ( 0.c. ) okay . it 's cool . I just think it would be fun to study together before tomorrow . drink soda pop from the mini-bar and stuff . guy open the door . guy you room have a mini-bar ? chaitanya yeah . guy what about you Mom ... dad ? chaitanya my dad believe that I should learn how to be my own man , and that mean stay in my own hotel room myself this weekend . guy what ... be he in the room next door ? chaitanya he 's stay at a fancier hotel a few block away . guy ( hell yeah ) bummer . chaitanya it 's kind of neat . I get to jump on the bed as much as I want . but tonight I mess up and miss room service . CUT to : 32 . int . chaitanya '’s HOTEL room —- moment later chaitanya happily pick through the mix nut and broken jar glass - now gather in a wad of toilette paper - on the hotel room desk . guy lean into the mini-bar and pull out every bottle of booze there be . guy ( more focus on he drink ) careful of the fuck glass . chaitanya okay . I will . chaitanya happily eat a nut . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) I think I know what you favorite word be . guy really . chaitanya the '' F '' word . guy ponder this . shrug . guy maybe . chaitanya you say it a lot . guy everyone should . chaitanya my father say bad word . but I be not allow to . what about you dad ? guy I never know my dad . but my mom say bad word a lot . you can say bad word . I do not give a shit . chaitanya I should not . 33 . guy do it . who have the right to decide what be a bad word and what be a good word ? should not it be that whatever word best express how you feel be a good word ? do it . the very think make chaitanya grin . chaitanya chaitanya chaitanya no . guy stop act like a little fuck quaker and do it . chaitanya okay . ( relishing every syllable ) mutherfucker . laugh . guy do you soul burst into flame ? chaitanya okay . all do . guy you be a real fuck weirdo , you know that ? shrug . guy pour a mini rum into he glass . chaitanya do you like rum ? guy I do . chaitanya you can be like a pirate with you rum ! and if you have a cigarette you could be a total butt pirate ! guy do not ever call I a butt pirate . chaitanya why ? you smoke , do not you ? 34 . guy '' butt pirate '' have nothing to do with cigarettes . chaitanya blankly look at he . guy ( cont 'd ) you will find out one day , I be sure . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - morning guy sit asleep in the desk chair with he head loll back and a rope of drool stretch from he mouth . chaitanya tap he on the shoulder . chaitanya hey . hey ! guy start awake . chaitanya 's now in a pair of transformer pajamas . guy look he up and down . guy the fuck happen to you ? chaitanya it 's morning . you pass out last night and I be scared to wake you . my dad will be here any minute , you should go . guy Fine . fuck. yeah . CUT to : int . HOTEL hallway - later guy shuffles down the hallway . he pass a indian man go the other way . guy solemn a lick ‘em . guy keep he head low and walk on . the indian man turn and look after he . CUT to : 35 . int . HOTEL , hallway - moment later guy and Jenny speed - walk down the hall . guy stumble along , completely hang -over . jenny do I leave my underwear in you apartment last night ? guy who know ? jenny you look like hell . guy I do not have a shower . a awkward beat . jenny baxter flourney 's in you round . he come from bee royalty . guy I be so scared . jenny maybe you should be . he 's awesome . guy right . guy walk in . int . HOTEL auditorium - moment later stage light instantly hit guy as he enter . everyone murmur as he make he way to the stage . int . HOTEL auditorium , broadcast booth - same time Chuck and Pete be on the air . chuck and here come our man of mystery ! pete pure drama , Chuck . pure drama . lady and gentleman of the world , we have all one hundred and fifty competitor , let the bee begin ! 36 . guy pass director deagan , who grimace to herself in disappointment that he make it . CUT to : int . household - same time a family gather on the couch to watch the spell bee ... int . best buy - same time crowd of shopper cluster around the flatscreen display , which be turn to the bee ... int . sport bar - same time bar regular order round of beer and shush each other as they watch the bee ... int . tent , somewhere in afghanistan - same time soldier huddle in a camouflage tent around a small tv that be tune to the bee . CUT to : int . HOTEL auditorium , stage guy find he seat up on the stage right next to baxter flourney . a few row up sit chaitanya , who try to get guy 's attention to wave at he , but fail . the proctor and judge sit face they , and a crowd of uneasy parent watch from they seat . Jenny sit in the last seat in the last row . int . HOTEL auditorium , broadcast booth chuck first up , ling quan , 13 year old from pleasanton , Oregon . pete Chuck , ling say when she grow up she want to be president of the United States . 37 . chuck ( chuckle ) not a chance . Pete shoot chuck a look . chuck ( cont 'd ) ... that ... there be a single person who would not vote for she . let 's go to the competition . they both chuckle . int . HOTEL auditorium , stage a asian girl ling , 13 , brace , move up to the microphone . proctor dactylogram . ling dactylogram ? proctor dactylogram . ling dactylogram . proctor dactylogram . guy rub he temple . guy oh God . the asian girl ghost - spell in the palm of she hand . ling can I have the definition , please ? proctor a fingerprint . ling dactylogram . can I have the origin , please ? 38 . proctor dactylogram . from a Greek combination dactylos meaning '' finger , toe . '' ling dactylogram . proctor dactylogram . ling ghost -spell in she palm one more time . guy I be in hell . guy turn to baxter . guy ( cont 'd ) hey. wassup . I be guy . you be baxter , right ? baxter snobbishly look over at guy . baxter I be not suppose to talk to you . guy why not ? baxter because my dad say you be probably just some unemployed bum try to steal the prize money that I deserve . and that you be a cheater . guy really ? baxter yeah . guy chuckle at this slight . baxter inch away . guy put he hand in he pocket and discover he still have Jenny 's underwear . guy lean over to baxter and nod out toward the audience . guy well , you dad 's kind of right . I do not blame he for be so angry . do I a favor , will you ? 39 . guy pull jenny'a underwear out from he pocket . wad it into baxter 's hand . guy ( cont 'd ) can you give this back to you mom ? she leave they in my room last night . I would do it myself but you dad 's around and who want to deal with that . good luck with the divorce , by the way . divorce suck . baxter 's snobbish look melt into shock . baxter what ? stun , confuse , baxter take the underwear , take the news . the audience applaud as ling victoriously take she seat . guy oh shit , you be up . not know what else to do , baxter quickly shove the underwear into he pocket . blink hard , baxter walk up to the mic - the underwear bulg in he pocket . CUT to : int . HOTEL auditorium , broadcast booth pete next up , probably the next spell bee king , baxter flourney . chuck Pete , baxter say he want to be president of the United States when he grow up . and win a Nobel . pete well , shall we cast we vote now ? int . HOTEL auditorium , stage proctor noctivagant . baxter look out to he parent . his father watch sternly while he mother offer a hopeful thumb -up . 40 . proctor ( cont ’d ) noctivagant . baxter blink back to consciousness . baxter I be sorry , can you say the word again ? proctor noctivagant . baxter noct ... proctor noctivagant . baxter look out at he parent again . baxter noctivagant .... definition ? proctor '' go about in the night ; night - wander . '' baxter uh ... noctivagant . can...can you use it in a sentence ? proctor '' the noctivagant alley cat keep the entire neighborhood up all night by sit on the fence , yowling out to she many suitor . '' the audience chuckle off this playful sentence . be baxter 's mother chuckle the most ? baxter try hard to focus . he start to ghost - spell in he hand , but he can not concentrate . he sweat . he breathes hard . baxter noctivagant . other pron ... pronunciation ? proctor I have just noctivagant . baxter swallow hard . 4l. baxter noctivagant . n-o-c-t-i-v-i-g-a-n - T. noctivagant . a delicate desk bell ting to alert everyone that baxter spell the word incorrectly ! the crowd '' awws '' in disappointment . some gasp . baxter 's parent erupt with surprise . crushed , baxter walk off the stage and down the isle . CUT to : int . household - same time the mother on the couch gasp and cover she mouth . chuck ( tv ) I can't believe this ! down goe flourney ! down goe flourney ! CUT to : int . HOTEL auditorium , stage a smile creep across guy 's face . then he start to laugh . pete ( 0.s. ) well Chuck , not everybody be displease by this shocker ... the camera zoom in on guy 's devilish grin . CUT to : int . HOTEL auditorium , broadcast booth chuck well , Chuck . now that the room seem to have recover from that shock , up next , something even weirder ... guy Duncan . pete guy say when he grow up he want to be a ... well , he 's already grow up . 42 . chuck most people believe that guy be pull a stunt , and he will immediately strike out here , let 's listen in and see . int . HOTEL auditorium , stage guy head to the mic . proctor frabjous - — guy ( quick ) f-r-a-b-j-o-u-s . guy turn around and sit back down . he turn to all the kid around he . guy ( cont 'd ) ( ominous ) be you ready to get you shit push in ? the kid all look at guy in shock . CUT to : we pop around to television around the world as guy easily spell he word throughout round one : on a television in a barber shop ... guy ( cont 'd ) ( quick ) f-r-a-b-j-o-u-s. on a television in a executive 's office ... proctor sang -froid guy ( quick , unceremonious ) s-a-n-g dash f-r-o-i-d . on a television in a retirement home ... proctor emolument . 43. guy ( quick ) e-m-o-l-u-m-e-n-t CUT to : int . office - later director deagan face a crowd of scream , angry parent in she office . she hold up she hand to shush they , and have to shout they down . director deagan listen , listen ! we be do all that we can to find a happy resolution to this situation ! raging mother be not you embarrassed ? this be go to go down in history as the most ridiculous national spelling bee ever ! and it will be on you head . raging father he be a grown man ! beet -red father do you know how much money I 've spent on GOD -damned coach ?! raging father he 's a lunatic ! he 's infect ! beet-re father I swear on my child 's life as God as my witness , this will be the last year you be director of the bee . director deagan look , Mr. Duncan do not possess the discipline and practice that all of you child have . I be confident he 's not go to make it much farther . I swear on all you child 's life that if he make it to the final round , I will step down as director of the bee. immediately . CUT to : 44 , int . HOTEL room - later guy lie on Jenny 's bed , a mini rum bottle stick out of he mouth . guy you be room be bigger than mine . thanks for let I shower . I will get to it as soon as my buzz pick up . jenny wow . you thank I for something . lemme ask you a question , what be the grammatical significance of the sentence , '' why run from fire ant ? '' guy ( barely think about it ) I dunno . it contain all the vowel in the English language in reverse alphabetical order . jenny yeah but that 's a sentence , too bad there be not a single word that contain all the vowel , but in alphabetical order . guy facetious . Jenny stand up . jenny Son of a bitch . guy what ? jenny you be brilliant . no , really , you be a freaking genius ! guy fuck you . jenny that question I just ask you ? from a test they give to geniuse . and I would bet you have photographic memory , or something close to it . 45 . guy I barely go to school . so you big conspiracy theory be shit . jenny yeah , well I get hold of you school record . guess what ? you eighth grade counselor make a note in you file right before you drop out that you show sign of genius . Jenny toss a old manila file onto guy 's chest . guy pick it up . read it . jenny ( cont 'd ) fed - ex be wait for I at the front desk . I tell you I be good . guy ( read ) that fuck fucker . Mr. Leavenworth tell I I be a useless loser . and then he secretly make note that he think I be smart . I be glad I slashed he tire . and let he prize beagle loose . jenny you display all the social sign of a genius . antisocial . outsider . you think you be better than other . you just never have a chance to shine in school . you never have a chance to realize it . guy boo hoo , I have a bad childhood . waaah . I never know my daddy waaahfuckinaaaah . you 's sound pretty fuck stupid , you know that ? jenny sometimes brilliance and photographic memory be inherite . maybe you Mom be brilliant . guy not likely . she fuck hate it when I have book around . ( more ) 46 . guy ( cont 'd ) one time as a kid I try to sign up for the local spelling bee and she completely lose she shit on I for it . jenny so be that why you be here ? to do something you be not able to do while you mom be alive ? guy realize what Jenny 's try to do . guy I be not talk anymore . jenny you know what ? you have problem . you can not open up ! guy I have problem ? remember you last night ? now , that be a problem . jenny ( self-concious ) so? so? guy so? jenny well you can stop worry about it because its never happen again ! guy Fucking good . jenny good ! guy Fine . jenny perfect ! CUT to : int . HOTEL room , shower - later through the frost glass we see guy take Jenny from behind , give she dramatic thrust . 47 . jenny oh God ... GOD yes yes ... do not look at I . don ’t look at I ! guy I ’m not looking at you the water 's in my fucking face ! jenny ugh ! yes ! don ’t look at I ! CUT to : int . HOTEL room - later guy get dress as Jenny lie on the bed . he head for the door . jenny guy ? guy turn to Jenny . jenny ( cont 'd ) but what about you dad ? guy leave . CUT to : ext . HOTEL room - later guy get to the door of he shitty hotel room , where he find chaitanya sit on the floor wait for he . chaitanya hey guy ! the hotel restaurant be still open . wanna grab some alimentation for we hyperphagia ! ( beat ) I be hungry . guy why do not you do yourself a favor and find some other pre- masturbater like yourself to nerd out with , okay ? this place be crawl with they it should not be hard . 48 . chaitanya just give he a blank look . CUT to : int . HOTEL restaurant —- moment later guy slouches across the table from chaitanya , completely lose in think and fiddling with the salt shaker . chaitanya without salt , civilization would not be the same . guy where be you folk ? should not you all be eat a dinner of chill monkey brain or something ? chaitanya my father rather enjoy the dinner provide in he own hotel . plus , he encourage I to spend as much time as possible prepare for each round . you want to practice with I ? chaitanya pull out a huge three ring binder . start study . guy listen , slum Dog . I be not here to be you fuck friend . chaitanya then why would you come with I ? guy I dunno . because you look all pathetic and pussify and I can not stand it . guy watch chaitanya happily study . guy ( cont 'd ) I be go to humiliate you up there . I be go to beat you like a mule . chaitanya not everything be about win . guy right . you be not here to win . 49 . chaitanya it 's about the love of spelling . it 's about fun . guy fun ? chaitanya yeah . guy reading a bunch of fuck word and root and all sort of other wordy shit be fun ? chaitanya do not you think so ? guy scoff . guy then , you have never really have real fun . chaitanya one time , for breakfast I be eat waffle , and I think to myself , '' hmmm this look like a scrabble board . '' so then , without my mother know , I open up a can of alphabet soup and drain all the soup out ... and use the letter to play scrabble ... on my waffles ! chaitanya snicker gleefully . guy with who ? chaitanya what ? guy who do you play scrabble on you waffle with ? against ? chaitanya just myself ! it be crazy ! guy you be a flame nerd . a angry woman walk up to guy . angry woman Excuse I . I be the mother of one of the competitor compete here . guy that 's what competitor do , right ? angry woman I just want to say what you be do be a insult to every honest child who work so hard to be here , include my son . guy I have a idea . why do not you take say son and shove he back up you rusty birth canal . angry woman how dare you ?! guy how dare you ! angry woman how dare you ?! guy no! how dare you ! speechless , the angry woman march away . guy look at chaitanya . guy ( cont 'd ) Fucking mom , right ? fuck ‘em . let 's go get a fuck hot dog . this place be depress I . chaitanya I can not . guy why the fuck not ? chaitanya my dad do not want I to leave the hotel . guy you dad be off have fun without you , like dad 's fuckin’ seem to do , right ? ( more ) 50 . 51 . guy ( cont 'd ) just run off , have they own wonderful life . we be just go for a hot dog . Jesus . chaitanya what if he call to check up on I ? guy so you miss he call . say you be on the shitter . or just say you go fuck out ! what 's he go to do ? pull you out of the National fuck spell bee ? come on . guy lead chaitanya out of the lobby . CUT to : int . coffee shop - later Jenny sit at a table with a cup of joe . jeremy , 40s , handsome crisp suit sit down across from she . jeremy Jenny widgeon . how be you ? jenny Jeremy . it 's be a long time . jeremy I 's all say . I be glad I be in town to catch you call . jenny wow . you look really , really good . Jenny grab the sugar and start pour lot into she coffee . jeremy thanks . I have be stay away from sugar . cold turkey . Jenny self - consciously put the sugar down . jenny wow . it show . how 's the world 's handsomest federal agent do this day ? 52 . jeremy it 's not as fun as it use to be . I miss you digging around where you should not be . jenny yeah , I , too . listen , I need to call in '' the '' favor . jeremy oh ! what a relief . I be hope that 's why you call . it 's be hang over my head like giant , cancerous testicle for year . I like to keep a debt-free lifestyle . Jenny slip Jeremy a napkin with '' guy duncan '' write on it . jenny anything you can find would be appreciate . jeremy that 's it ? just a background run ? jenny yep . jeremy I expect so much more . it do not seem like enough . you save my ass ... my career ! jenny after this we be even steven . jeremy just this ? no sex ? I mean I be marry but I 'il do it . jenny no . jeremy or I dunno ... I could frame somebody for drug possession ... have they record wipe ... a mysterious deportation of a annoying neighbor , maybe ? jenny nope . this be it . jeremy put someone on the most want list ? it 's really easy to do . jenny not necessary . jeremy fill they facebook page with kiddie porn ? jenny really , no . jeremy well , I will take it ! a small price to pay . thanks Jenny . jenny no , thank you . int . BEN 's chili BOWL - later 53 . CUT to : sitting across from each other , guy and chaitanya chomp chili dog . chaitanya smile with each bite , chili drip all over he mouth . chaitanya this be the best hot dog I have ever have in my entire life ! guy slow down , slum Dog . you have get fuck chili everywhere . you look like you have eat out someone 's ass . chaitanya ha ha ! funny . you look like there be a person who poope they underwear and then you pay they five dollar for they poope underwear and then they sell it to you and then you use it for a bank robber mask and then you throw the poope underwear away and forget to wash you face ! chaitanya take a happy sip of he soda . 54 . guy you should really not try to insult people . you can not do it . chaitanya this soda pop be so delicious . guy just call it '' soda '' okay ? otherwise you be ask to get rape . chaitanya wow . I can not believe it . I be actually out in Washington d.c . guy so? chaitanya I have never be out before . guy bullshit . chaitanya really . my father say that see the sight would prove to be too big of a distraction . guy let I get this straight . this be the third year you have be to Washington D.C. and you have never leave the fuck hotel ? ever ? chaitanya yeah . guy well , do not that make you fuck mad ? chaitanya as my father say , I be here for the spelling bee , not to be a tourist . plus , he always bring I back a souvenir . guy wait , while you bleed and shit all over you study word you dad go and see all the sight ? 55 . chaitanya one time he get I this cool snowglobe with the lincoln Memorial in it . guy listen to I . you life have be total horseshit . you gotta see stuff to know stuff . you gotta really give it to you old man . do not let he get away with this ! chaitanya get away with what ? guy be a selfish asshole . chaitanya no he 's not . guy I call '' horseshit . '' I call it ! I be say it out loud right now . no wonder you be such a fuck oddball . chaitanya I have always like the word '' oddball . '' a useful synonym for that be '' heteroclite . '' guy you . are. A. Fucking . heteroclit . chaitanya ( correct guy ) '' clite . '' guy no , I mean , clit , because that be how you be act right now . come on . finish up . there 's no time to waste . you gotta do shit . chaitanya like what ? guy how about be a little like a fuck kid , for starter . CUT to : 56 . montage int . subway station - night guy and chaitanya jump over a subway turnstile and dash into a subway car ... ext . reflecting pool - later with he pant leg roll up , chaitanya wade across the pool and pick up as many coin as possible . guy encourage he to pick up more ... CUT to : ext . hardware store - later guy and chaitanya each dash out of the store with a spray paint can in hand ... ext . alleyway - later with he spray paint , guy scrawl graffiti word '' cock '' and '' dick '' and '' ass '' on the alley wall . with he can chaitanya scrawl '' copraphagia ! " ext . D.C. bar - later guy give chaitanya the '' shhh '' signal as they sneak up on a lobbyist who be pass out on the sidewalk and take off he shoe . they run away before the lobbyist come -to . ext . D.C. STREET - later after guy tie the lace of the expensive look steal loafer together , he coaches chaitanya on how to launch they up in the air to tangle they in the overhead power line . chaitanya give the shoe a throw , and they catch on the first try . the two high - five underneath the dangle shoe . int . liquor store - later guy and chaitanya be in the back by the refrigerator . guy open a glass door and pull out a mickey 40 . he shove it in chaitanya 's jacket . 57 . the two conspicuously walk out , but get away with it . end montage ext . lincoln memorial step - later guy take a swig of the mickey . hand it to chaitanya . chaitanya take a swig . and choke . cough ! cough ! cough ! guy easy there , slum Dog . chaitanya wow . I think that go all the way to my ball . guy Hell yeah , it do . chaitanya I say '' ball . '' guy take another swig . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) I like have you as a friend . guy I be not you friend . chaitanya I really do not have any friend at home . at first , I think be good at spelling would get I friend , but kid just make fun of I more . I hate be pick on . guy you know , when I be a kid I move a lot , run with my mom from credit collector , ditching apartment to avoid the rent ... I be never in one place long enough to have any friend . guy remember , snicker ... chaitanya pull a toy taxi cab out of he pocket , roll it on the step . 58 . guy ( cont 'd ) what the fuck be that ? chaitanya ( sheepish ) I grab it in the liquor mart . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) toy be fun to have when you can not play with other kid . what be you favorite toy as a kid ? guy I have a toy car once . it be this shitty little matchbox police car . it never leave my pocket . but one night , as we be ditching this one apartment , it fall out of my pocket in the dark . I never see it again . so yeah ... no toy . no friend . chaitanya I do not really have friend , either . it 's hard to have friend when you be always study . guy Jesus . that be not my problem . chaitanya well , I be you friend now . this catch guy off guard and he need to avoid it . guy so tell I , chaiwala , you get a girlfriend ? I be just joke . I know you do not have a girlfriend . chaitanya you do not know that ! guy yes I do . if there 's anything I know , it 's that you do not have a girlfriend . chaitanya well , maybe I do not have a girlfriend , but I have feel a girl up , before . guy oh yeah ? 59 . chaitanya yeah ! guy I be not talk about hug with grandma . chaitanya no ! not my grandma , a real girl ! guy oh , a real fuck girl ! I get it , now . guy point the mickey up at the statue of abraham lincoln . guy ( cont 'd ) you know who that be , right ? chaitanya lincoln . guy he fuck die so that you could feel up any type of girl you want . ( beat ) Point be , you be indian , right ? but thanks to that guy , if you want to feel up , say , a white girl , they can not arrest you . because you be fuck equal . thanks , lincoln ! chaitanya thanks , lincoln . okay , I have never feel up a girl . guy no shit you have not . Fucking liar . chaitanya but one day I will . guy I bet . guy take another swig . chaitanya I just hope I get one with nipple . guy choke a bit . 60 . guy what ? chaitanya I just hope that the first girl I feel up have nipple . guy every girl have nipple . chaitanya well , you must be very lucky then . but every girl do not have nipple . no . guy why in the fuck do you think that not all girl have nipple ? chaitanya just look around at any girl walk by ! look at they shirt . on some you can see the little ... nipple poke through they shirt . on other ... there 's nothing . guy oh sweet Jesus . you be in bad shape , you know that ? chaitanya every time I think about it I get worried . I also worry that if I be lucky to get a girl with nipple , I hope they be round . guy you know what ? let I help you put you mind at ease . come on . chaitanya where we go ? guy lead chaitanya off the Memorial step . CUT to : ext . 5 th STREET - later guy walk with chaitanya . 61 . chaitanya where be we go ? guy just fuck hold you horse . if my old man be around , I wish he do something like this for I . chaitanya be we get a sundae ? I could really go for a sundae right now . guy pull chaitanya into a alley . ext . alley guy okay . stay here . do not fuck move . chaitanya be you go to get ice cream cone ? guy Fucking no with the ice cream ! just wait here . guy disappear out of the alley back onto the street . ext . 5 th STREET we follow guy as he spot a prostitute stand directly under a sign that read , '' prostitute free zone . '' ext . alley guy return with the prostitute . chaitanya , who be lean against the wall , straighten up . guy slum Dog , I want you to meet marzipan . marzipan , slum Dog . chaitanya hi. marzipan you say he be sixteen ! 62 . guy he be sixteen , he just have a hydro - thyroid retentional problem . you know , like Gary coleman . marzipan oh , jeez . God rest he sweet , funny soul . guy alright , chaiwala . all I can say be , '' you be fuck welcome ! '' chaitanya for what ? marzipan pull up her shirt . chaitanya 's eye go wide as wagon wheel as he stare at marzipan 's naked tit . marzipan ...three ...four ...five ...six ... seven ... eight ...nine ... ten . marzipan lower she shirt . guy pull out a ten dollar bill from he pocket . hand it to she . guy here . marzipan what , no tip ? guy do not ask for the only ten I get and then I 'il have something to tip you with next time . there 's a tip . marzipan asshole. ( to chaitanya ) bye sweetie . good luck with you gland and shit . marzipan leave the alley . chaitanya have not move a muscle since the tit unveil . guy I actually lie , I have a couple more buck . you wanna get ice cream ? chaitanya fuck the ice cream , I want to grow up right now ! 63 . they both leave the alley . CUT to : int . state plaza HOTEL , lobby - later the sleepy desk clerk watch as guy and chaitanya drag they exhaust body across the lobby to the elevator . CUT to : int . elevator , moving - moment later guy and chaitanya both lean against the back of the elevator . CUT to : int . HOTEL hallway - moment later chaitanya stop at he door . guy keep shuffle on . chaitanya hey , guy ? this be like , the best night of my life . be we friend now ? without turn around , guy flip chaitanya the bird , and steel a small smile to himself , but keep on walk to he room . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) cool . chaitanya , open he door , where we see he father , the indian man from before , sternly wait for he inside . he go in and the door close . CUT to : int . HOTEL hall - the next day Jenny and guy walk down the hall to the next round . guy keep look at Jenny , but whenever she look at he , he look away . guy fuck it . yes , it be just I and my mom grow up . life suck , and then she die last year . it 's as simple as that . jenny I think you like I . guy what ? do not flatter yourself . you just suck at you job and I be tired of watch you beg . chaitanya approach they . chaitanya guy ! I want to give you something before the round start . for good luck . 64 . chaitanya hand guy he toy taxi that have be crudely convert with black and red marker , into a police car . this be the first time we see guy be touch by anything . guy thanks . chaitanya I be go to totally bust you nut . guy no , you do not mean that . chaitanya I do ! guy the nut busting ... it 's not what you mean ... I be not ... just say you be go to kick my ass . chaitanya okay . see you in there ! jenna what be that all about ? guy put the toy car in he pocket . guy let 's go spell some fuck word . CUT to : 65 . int . HOTEL auditorium , broadcast booth chuck and welcome everyone who 's tune in to watch round two of the scribb Institute National spell bee . I wonder what today will offer , Pete ? pete ninety nine problem , but I be sure a misspel bitch be not one of they , Chuck . CUT to : int . HOTEL auditorium proctor 's table - same time director deagan lean over to the proctor . director deagan sorry . there be a error with the randomization programming , I need to give you the fix before the round . proctor okay . director deagan insert a usb stick into the proctor 's computer and upload the program , with a devilish smile . int . HOTEL auditorium , stage - later guy sit among the competitor , in he own personal hell , as round two drone on . a korean boy with cowlick Hair stand in front of the mic . cowlick rhapsodize ... can I please have the definition ? proctor '' to talk with extravagant enthusiasm . '' rhapsodize . cowlick rhapsodize . any other pronunciation ? guy see Joyce Sacks sit in front of he . he tap she on the shoulder . 66 . guy Excuse I . Joyce turn . guy ( cont 'd ) that 's you dad out there in the audience , right ? joyce yeah . guy pull a pair of he own underwear out of he pocket . guy this be kind of embarrassing , but he leave this in my room last night and I do not want to humiliate he by hand they back myself . it be just horseplay , I swear . ( beat ) he truly love you mom . with horror , Joyce take the underwear and stare at it for a long beat . tear well up in she eye . her lower lip quiver . Joyce stand up out of she seat . all eye be direct at she as she point out into the audience at she father . joyce ( shrill ) I know it !!! Joyce storm off the stage . guy smile , pleasantly surprised . all the other kid remain seat , somewhat rattle . Joyce 's parent get up and run after she . int . HOTEL auditorium , broadcast booth pete annnnd end scene ! unbelievable ! Joyce Sacks flame out without misspel a single word ! chuck Pete , she cave like a skull hit with a ball peen hammer , pete. 67 . pete I would hate to have a look in you freezer . int . HOTEL auditorium , stage proctor I , um , apologize for that . cowlick it 's okay . r-h-a-p-s-o-d-i-z-e. rhapsodize . proctor that be correct . the audience applaud . int . HOTEL auditorium , broadcast booth chuck and lee park hit a bull ’s-eye ! pete maybe one day Lee Park will have a park name after he . the '' Lee Park Park . '' and then they can add a park and ride adjacent to it . the '' Lee Park Park Park and ride . '' something to be proud of , Chuck . chuck yeeess . int . HOTEL auditorium , stage it 's guy 's turn . he turn to the kid as he get up . guy I hope you be fuckin’ ready , because I be about to get all optimus Prime on you ass . guy step up to the mic . he watch as the proctor 's eye go wide for a moment . proctor pneumonoultramicroscopicsilico -— volcanoconiosis . the audience gasp . guy pause . 68 . pete ( 0.s. ) can you spell uh-oh , Chuck ? chuck ( 0.s. ) chance be I can spell it better than that word ! guy damn it . CUT to : int . HOTEL auditorium , audience - same time director deagan smile . leans forward in she chair . CUT to : int . HOTEL auditorium , stage guy step away from the mic for a moment . pace . we think he 's panic . but then he spot something in the back of the auditorium . guy thank God . I be worried there for a second . guy wave to the back of the auditorium . everyone turn around to find a wide - eye waiter from the hotel bar , hold a martini . guy ( cont 'd ) yeah , that 's I ... unsure , the waiter walk up the aisle to the stage . int . HOTEL auditorium , broadcast booth pete UN . believable ! guy be pull a thurston howell the third right here at the bee ! director deagan make a B line to the judge 's table . chuck ( 0.s. ) look like director deagan do not agree with guy 's methodology . 69 . pete ( 0.s. ) but I can tell you right now , Chuck , that deagan 's gonna come up dryer than grandma 's sex toy on this one . there be no rule that state a contestant can not drink during a round - because usually the contestant be under the legal age to drink . chuck ( 0.s. ) who 's afraid of Virginia wolfe ? not this fella ! after quietly confer with the judge , director deagan throw she arm up in the air and storm back to she seat . int . HOTEL auditorium , stage guy watch director deagan go and then bend down to the waiter , take the martini . guy what 's the damage ? waiter eleven dollar . guy elev - there better be like , angel semen in this drink , or something . the audience gasp as everything guy 's say be be pick up by the mic . guy plop he room cardkey in the waiter 's hand . guy ( cont 'd ) here , put it on the room account , and check back every once in awhile . I be gonna dry out real fast . waiter yessir . guy lean into the mic . guy oh yeah . sorry . ( fast ) ( more ) 70 . guy ( cont 'd ) p-n-e-u-m-o-n-ou-l-t-r-am-i-c - r-os-c-0-p-i-cs-i-l-i-c-ov -0 -l - c-a-n-oc-o-n-i-0-s-i-s . guy unceremoniously return to he seat with he drink . proctor ( unbely ) correct . CUT to : int . HOTEL auditorium , audience - same time director deagan cross she arm with a huff . montage we cut between guy and the other competitor stand at the mic . guy spell lightning fast every time , and simply turn back to he seat , cocktail in hand , know he spell correctly . the other pause , ghost - spell in they hand , and spell with uncertainty . angry viewer around the world boo and throw stuff at they tvs every time guy be up ... guy h-e-p-a-t-i-c-oc-h-o-l-a-n-g-i-oc -h- o-l-e-c-y-s-te-n-t-e-r-os-t-o-m-i-e - ss. freckle face boy can I have the root origin please ? guy a-p-o-t-h-e-g-m. chaitanya pertinacious . can that be use in a sentence please ? as chaitanya spell we see guy very subtly spelling along with he ... almost with encourage enthusiasm . guy f-l-o-c-c-in-a-u-c-i-n-ih-i-l-i-p-i - li -f-i-c-a-t-i-o-n. 71 . chuck this be amazing ! the luck of the draw be not go guy 's way as it seem he 's get every mile - long word in the English language !!! cambodian girl hagrid . h-a-g-r-i-t-t-o-n. ting ! the girl 's face fall . guy a-n-t-id -i-se-s-t-a-b-l-i-s-hm-e-n - ta-r-i-a-ni -s -m . shave head boy -.-h-i-p. ting ! he 's out . his lower he head . ting ! another girl be out . she turn to walk off as she face sour into a big sob . ting ! another boy be out . he smack he forehead and walk away . ting ! and another . he turn and leave . ting ! and another . he turn and leave . guy ( burp spell ) h-o-n-o-r-if -i-c-a-b-i-l-it -u-d-i- N - it -a-t-i-b-u-s. proctor ( horrify disappointed ) that be correct . one clap can be hear in the back . come from chaitanya . guy spell one word after another ... with more physical flare each time . by he last word , guy 's busting elvis karate kick on he way back to he seat . end montage . CUT to : 72. int . HOTEL lobby - evening the pack of angry parent surround director deagan as she fight she way through . angry mom he 's in the final round ! director deagan look to all the angry parent . director deagan okay , well , obviously I be not go to resign . that would leave the bee rudderless in this storm ! angry dad bullshit ! the crowd of parent grow loud with protest . director deagan , for the first time , look like the pressure be get to she . elsewhere , guy exit the ballroom amid very harsh stare . chaitanya catch up with guy . chaitanya alright ! we be both in ! top twenty five ! chaitanya try to hi-five guy but miss and hit he chest . Jenny approach . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) I be go to kick you ass . you want to eat dinner together ? and then maybe study or something ? guy yeah . I do not know , maybe . chaitanya meet I in the lobby in like , a hour . guy yeah , alright . chaitanya saunter off . jenny do I just see what I just see ? 73 . guy what ? jenny you have a friend ? guy look . he 's a incredibly annoying kid and the only way to keep he from drive I insane be to deal with he . jenny do you have a little buddy ? guy hey ! it 's none of you business , okay ? jenny okay ! I be just joke . have all the friend you want ! guy I will ! I gotta go study . guy storm away . Jenny call after he . jenny I know you be not study you do not study ! have fun with you buddy ! CUT to : int . state plaza HOTEL , lobby - later guy walk past the gift shop . pause . turn to go in . CUT to : int . state plaza HOTEL , gift shop - later guy stand in front of the magazine stand . contemplate . with a smile , guy grab a playboy Magazine . guy pass the freezer . then return to quickly grab a pint of ice cream . guy plop they both down at the register . the old lady clerk , 80s , raise she eyebrow . 74 . old lady clerk gettin 's ready for a wild night , huh ? guy slap down money , sneer and leave . CUT to : ext . HOTEL room - later guy approach chaitanya 's hotel room . the door be slightly ajar . he 's about to knock when he hear chaitanya 's dad . chaitanya’s dad ( 0.s. ) just make sure he 's lock in , okay ? chaitanya ( 0.s. ) dad . he 's totally lock in . he 's take I around to see the sight last night ! something you have never do , by the way . chaitanya’s dad ( 0.s. ) chaitanya , focus . this man be you enemy . keep he close but do not forget that . remember donnie brasco . you want to win ? do you ? chaitanya ( 0.s. ) of course ! chaitanya’s dad ( 0.s. ) then make best friend with he ! get he so that he could not bear to beat you ! chaitanya ( 0.s. ) dad , I get it , okay ? no problem . guy 's face fall . he walk away . further down the hall we see guy lean a arm against the wall for support . we see he shoulder heave once - and once only . guy hurl the ice cream down the all , then continue on . CUT to : int . state plaza HOTEL , lobby - night guy wait in the lobby , with the bag magazine in hand . chaitanya approach . 75 . guy be you pretending to be my friend just to try to beat I ? chaitanya what ? no! no ! guy ply I with booze ? earning my trust ? huh ? chaitanya listen , I can explain . guy and what about last night , huh ? think you have make I tired ? become best friend along the way so I would not want to beat you ? chaitanya listen , I know it 's weird but - guy you little shitwit just admit I be you damned mark ! chaitanya hem and haw . chaitanya - it be my dad 's idea , okay ? he feel you be the biggest threat . the wild card . but I really like you . guy liar . chaitanya it be the truth that I have never leave the hotel before last night . it be truth that you and I become friend ! guy all so that you could win . chaitanya no. yes . well , no . the get you to lose part be my dad 's idea but you be cool and I like you . you show I my first boob ! guy turn away . chaitanya scurries around to face he . 76 . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) do you want to see a friend lose ? my dad will be so disappointed in I . guy take out the toy cab / police car chaitanya give he , drop it on the floor and crush it with he heel . guy fuck you sideways , chaiwala ! guy storm out of the lobby . CUT to : ext . state plaza HOTEL - moment later chaitanya chase after guy . chaitanya guy ! guy ! as guy walk off a masked assailant with a pipe rush guy . whap ! whap ! whap ! right at the knee ! guy crumple to the ground , scream . the mask assailant stand over guy , then freak and spin and dash off - directly in front of a oncoming taxi cab . the cab slam on its brake , send the masked assailant roll over its hood . a crowd quickly gather around the commotion . the cabbie get out of the cab and approach the masked assailant , now out cold on the street . the cabbie remove the mask . it’s director deagan ! CUT to : ext . state plaza HOTEL Police , paramedics , and looky - loos surround the scene . director deagan , now handcuff on a gurney , be be lift up into a ambulance . 77 . director deagan he 's the one you should be arrest ! he 's a bad man ! a b-a - D m-a-n ! the ambulance door close and the ambulance drive off . Jenny sit with guy , who now have he knee wrap in ice . jenny I be go to go talk to you buddy . guy 's hold a death stare on chaitanya , who stand off in the distance with he father , talk to the police . guy he 's not my friend and do not go fuck talk to he ! chaitanya nervously glance over at guy . the moment be tense . jenny I need to . guy do it and I 'il go talk to espn . in 1l totally open up . jenny you wouldn 't ! guy try I . guy limp away . Jenny 's phone vibrate . she have a e-mail alert . it read : '' Jenny - guy trippon info . we be even ! Jeremy . '' Jenny open up the e-mail on she phone . read . her eye go wide . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - later chaitanya study from he huge binder . his phone ring . he pick it up . 78 . chaitanya hello ? front desk yes , you father leave a message say he ’1ll be wait for you in the lobby in five minute . chaitanya ( confuse ) really ? thanks . int . HOTEL hall - moment later chaitanya walk out of he room . before the door shut completely , guy silently limp inside from behind a nearby planter . int . state plaza HOTEL , lobby - moment later chaitanya look around the lobby . no father . chaitanya freeze - a horrible think have just cross he mind . chaitanya run for the elevator . int . HOTEL hall - moment later chaitanya run as fast as he can to he room . int . HOTEL room - moment later chaitanya scramble inside ... he binder be gone ! chaitanya notice a flicker reflection from he window . chaitanya look out he window to see guy below in the parking lot , stand next to the burning binder ! guy look up and flip chaitanya the double bird . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - later there be a knock at guy 's door . guy limp over to and open it to face a pizza delivery guy hold twenty pizza box . 79 . pizza delivery guy that will be two hundred and eighty dollar , not include tip . guy grit he tooth and slam he door . guy amateur . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - much later there 's a knock on chaitanya 's door . he open it and be greet by marzipan . marzipan hey , sugar ! suddenly another hooker approach . hooker what be you doin 's here , bitch ?! marzipan I got the call . hooker well so did TI ! marzipan this be my hood , bitch ! hooker who you calling bitch , bitch ? chaitanya slam he door shut , completely freak out as the two prostitute wage war out in the hallway . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - much much later guy jump awake to he door be rapped hard . guy who be it ? police ( 0.s. ) d.c.p.d. open up , sir. 80 . guy yeah , right ! Nice try chaiwala ! who have you hire , the doorman ? police ( 0.s. ) Sir , we have receive a call that you be hold someone against they will in you room , open the door or we will open it for you . guy sit up in bed . decide to play along . guy that 's right , copper ! I have get a hostage ! and I will do she if you get any closer ! then , I '1l fuckin’ do myself , you hear ?! guy listen , footstep hurry away from he door . guy ( cont 'd ) complete fuck amateur . int . HOTEL room - moment later guy lie asleep on he bed . boom ! the door splinter open ! guy huh ... whah ? a horde of swat stumble into the room and on top of guy . CUT to : ext . police station - dawn Jenny walk out with guy . guy that little fuck bastard ! jenny hey , at least they do not press charge . guy he know I would not believe it be the real cop . it 's war ! 81 . jenny guy . I gotta talk to you about something . I have be digging around and ... I find out who you father be . maybe ... just stop walk for a second . Jenny stop guy . look into he eye . take a deep breath . jenny ( cont 'd ) as incredible as this sound , guy , you father be scribb President Bill bowman . guy yeah . I know . jenny wait , what ? you do ? guy my mother tell I when she be die . he be a travel encyclopedia salesman , she be a waitress at a diner he pass through all the time . when she get pregnant he stick around for awhile or something , but once I be bear , he head for the hill and never look back . jenny so bowman do not have any idea who you be - guy - not a fuck clue . and he 's not go to until I finish make a mockery out of what he seem to love more than anything else , the spelling bee . jenny guy ! this be huge . guy it 's not important to you story , if that 's what you be try to drive at . jenny like hell it be not ! this be completely important . everything else fall to the wayside for this . ( more ) 82 . jenny ( cont 'd ) this be now the whole point of my article . guy no fuck way . jenny look , not want I to get a quote from some kid be one thing , but you can not really tell I what to write . guy I be do it right now . jenny I like you and I think you like I , but nothing get in the way of I do my job well . guy be you kid I ? nothing get in the way of you shitty little tabloid piece ? spare I . why do not you knock off this professional reporter act . you write for a scabby rag that fat housewive wash down with a pint of ice cream every week . Jenny 's clearly stung by guy 's word . guy ( cont 'd ) if you write one word about this , I nil never talk to you again ! jenny fine ! then I guess that's the way it have to be ! you just do what you have to do and I 'il do what I have to do . guy whatever . you fuck ingrate ! Jenny scoff . she 's so enraged she 's speechless . Jenny storm off . guy watch she go , angry , yet tear by a tinge of regret . CUT to : int . HOTEL auditorium , broadcast booth chuck and welcome everyone to the big tamale , the final countdown , where the eye meet the tiger ! Pete , if you think the go get weird during the bee yesterday , just listen to what happen when the semi-final round be over . report have come in that National spell bee director bernice deagan have be arrest and charge with assault with a deadly weapon , on none other than guy Duncan ! pete she try to Tanya harding he , Chuck . with a pipe . anda ski mask . allegedly . much to America 's disappointment , guy only suffer minor injury and will be compete in the final round . chuck un. believable . this morning scribb coo Bill bowman announce that director deagan have be remove from she position and that he himself will oversee the final round today . and we be fortunate enough to have Mr. bowman with we , in Washington D.C. , right now . bowman step into frame . bowman thank you , Chuck . I would like to take the opportunity to address this unique situation to everyone watch out there . I regret the alleged action of former director bernice deagan . as you know , I myself be a former bee champ . before I become one of the most influential and powerful executive in America , I learn first hand that the bee be about sportsmanship , not assault and battery . I look forward to move past this ugly incident and be very excited to personally crown we next National spell bee champ , whoever that may be . 83 . 84. chuck from you lip to God 's ear . Pete , take it away . pete so let 's get to it ! the final round of this year 's scribb Institute National spell bee , where the last speller stand walk away with five hundred thousand dollar - bowman lean in to interject . bowman - and a lifetime supply of dictionary and encyclopedias - pete - blah blah blah five hundre thousand dollar !!! int . HOTEL auditorium , stage all twenty five competitor sit up on the stage as the judge and audience and bowman sit before they . dishevel and worse for the wear , guy limp past chaitanya , who 's wear a blazer that have one sleeve obviously longer than the other . guy what happen to the dud ? look like a '' friend '' get hold of they . chaitanya 's tired and grumpy . chaitanya you get arrest . guy I be go to fuck end you . chaitanya ( through gritt tooth ) bring it . 85 . int . HOTEL auditorium , broadcast booth pete look like there 's some harsh word be share between two of the contestant down there , Chuck . int . HOTEL auditorium , stage Eric tai walk up to the mic . he 's super awkward , nearly savantish with he rock back - and -forth . int . HOTEL auditorium , broadcast booth chuck this be Eric tai . quite the word ninja . pete yes . if a chinese person could be a ninja . int . HOTEL auditorium , stage proctor inchoate . eric inchoate . proctor inchoate . eric can I have the definition , please ? proctor present favorable circumstance or condition . inchoate . eric inchoate . part of speech , please ? proctor adjective . eric inchoate . Eric ghost -spell in the palm of he hand . eric ( cont 'd ) inchoate . i-n-c-h-o-a-t-e. inchoate . proctor that be correct . 86 . the audience go wild . Eric pump he fist in just about the nerdiest way possible , and return to he seat . next , chaitanya come up to the mic . guy lean forward in he seat . int . HOTEL auditorium , broadcast booth chuck chaitanya chopra , Chuck . chaitanya have be here twice before and hope three time be the charm . pete let 's see if the genie 's in he bottle , Pete . chuck that might have be a skosh culturally insensitive . pete no more than call a chinese kid a ninja . let 's listen in ... int . HOTEL auditorium , stage proctor tmesis . chaitanya tmesis . definition ? proctor '' in grammar and rhetoric , the separation of the part of a compound word , now generally do for humorous effect ; for example , ' abso-bloody -lutely . 's '' chaitanya be the origin from the Greek '' a cut ? '' 87 . proctor yes . chaitanya tmesis . T ... chaitanya pause . guy lean forward even more . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) ... m-e-s-i-s. tmesis . proctor that be correct . the audience applaud loudly . guy skoff . int . HOTEL auditorium , broadcast booth pete that be fan dash freaking dash tastic ! int . HOTEL auditorium , stage chaitanya return to he seat . guy glare at he . a harelipped girl , 14 , approach the mic . chuck ( 0.c. ) this be tamara sweetzer . ( beat ) she have such a kind soul . so bright . proctor Zeitgeist . hair -lip Zeitbeist ? proctor Zeitgeist . hair - lip z-i-t-g-e-i-s-t. Zeitgeist . ting . the audience '' awwws . '' 88 . int . HOTEL auditorium , broadcast booth pete ouch . the wheel come off of that wagon . too rush . wayee to rush . chuck Pete , all the bee veteran will tell you , '' take you time . even if you think you know it , ask that question . spell it out in you hand . '' pete so right . you want to be the tortoise , not the hare . chuck wow . that one be the most insensitive of all . I can not believe you go there . pete what ? '' Hare '' as in rabbit , not '' hare '' as in ...lip ! chuck we should just drop it . int . HOTEL auditorium , stage tamara rush off the stage in tear . guy she spell it Zitgeist ! what a retard ! guy be next . as he approach the mic there be boo and hiss . proctor quiet in the audience please ! chuck ( 0.c . ) and here come guy Duncan . the boo grow . guy happily stand before he hater . guy look down at bowman . bowman look up at he , with no idea what 's go in guy 's head . this be the first time guy have ever stand before he father . we see a slight change in guy 's face - almost a tinge of emotion . 89 . pete ( 0.c . ) Holy smoke ! I do not think there 's ever be boo at the bee before , Chuck . chuck ( 0.c. ) well , there have be a lot of bee first this year . proctor with due respect this competition will not proceed until there be quiet in the audience . the crowd quiet down . proctor ( cont ’d ) thank you . condign . guy can I have the definition , please ? proctor '' wel - guy just kid c-o-n-d-i -g -n. guy mime jerk off and blow raspberry in the mic , then return to he seat . a explosion of boo erupt . proctor that be corr - ( over the boo ) that be correct ! guy turn to the boy with a unibrow sit to he right . guy they be fuck animal . you parent be fuck animal . unibrow get up . it 's he turn . proctor slubberdegullion . unibrow slubberdegullion . proctor slubberdegullion . 90 . unibrow slubberdegullion . can I have the definition , please ? proctor yes . '' a dirty , wretch slob . '' the rage mother from before stand up in the audience and point at guy . raging mother you mean like that man ! the audience laugh and cat call guy . proctor ma ’am . I be go to have to ask you to leave . raging mother not until he do ! the proctor nod and two security guard approach the rage mother . she go limp and they have to drag she away . as she get drag out she start chant : raging mother ( cont ’d ) take he out ! take he out ! chuck ( 0.c. ) well , we promise firework , lady and gentleman ! pete ( 0.c . ) be this a spell bee or the g8 summit ?! chuck ( 0.c . ) Zing ! Zow ! petey 's back ! soon , everyone in the audience be chant '' take he out ! '' guy seem unaffected by all this . guy lean in toward the rest of the contestant . guy get ready , mongoloid . this only make I stronger ... we hold on the contestant up on the stage as guy stand before the mic . 91 . through quick cut we see the number of contestant dwindle down , until finally there be only three . eric tai , chaitanya , and guy . int . HOTEL auditorium , broadcast booth chuck and then there be three . Eric tai , chaitanya chopra and guy Duncan . they will fight to the finish , when we come back ! int . HOTEL auditorium , stage proctor you may stand and stretch you leg during this commercial break . guy look at Eric tai who have meet he parent at the foot of the stage . his equally awkward father approach to give he encouragement . then guy look at chaitanya who be now huddle with he parent . guy watch as chaitanya 's mother rub he back , he father give he quiet word of inspiration . guy look across the auditorium to Jenny . she turn she back to he and interview one of the angry parent . guy sit completely alone up on the stage . he look at bowman , talk to the proctor , then he turn back to chaitanya with he parent again . then back to bowman . guy blink wearily . a change be happen inside of he . proctor ( cont ’d ) okay everyone , ten second . the three finalist must now sit together . int . HOTEL auditorium , stage - moment later Eric , chaitanya and guy all sit side by side . Eric tai go up to the mic . guy glance at chaitanya , think hard . 92 . pete ( 0.c . ) and here we go , what might be the final leg of the competition . proctor kopophobia . eric kopophobia . can I have the definition ? proctor '' fear of exhaustion . otherwise know as '' lexicographer 's curse . '' eric be it derive from the Greek '' kopos '' meaning '' fatigue ? '' proctor yes. eric k-o-p-o-p-0o-b-i-a. ( beat ) no ! ting ! the crowd erupt with upset ! Eric sadly leave the stage . chuck ( 0.c. ) oh that 's gotta hurt ! Eric know he leave out the h . this have be a long day and it 's clearly take it 's toll on Eric . pete ( 0.c. ) how ironic that fatigue make he misspell a word about fatigue . chuck ( 0.c . ) that one will haunt he for life . and he 's just a kid , so that 's a long time to be haunt by something . Long time . and now , guy Duncan . guy step up to the mic , amidst boo . proctor parisology . guy p... 93. guy stop . he turn to chaitanya . then back to the mic . guy ( cont 'd ) p - a ... guy take a disgust sigh . he 's decide what he must do . guy ( cont 'd ) p-a-r-i-s-a-l-0-g-y . ting ! the audience go crazy with glee . chaitanya look at guy with shock . bowman applaud . chuck ( 0.c. ) well what do you know ! for the first time this whole tournament , guy Duncan have spell a word incorrectly ! pete ( 0.c . ) but , the rule of the final round dictate that because he 's one of the final two remain contestant , guy remain on stage . guy sit back down . look at chaitanya , who stare at guy with amazement , all pretense of anger have wash away . guy I know how bad you want this . I get it . so take it . fuck off . chaitanya slowly get to the mic . the audience wildly cheer . CUT to : int . household - same time the entire family scream for chaitanya . int . sport bar - same time the bar goer all tense up while they watch chaitanya at the mic . CUT to : pete ( 0.c . ) all chaitanya need to do now be spell he next word correctly and he 's the new champ . proctor infinitesimally . chaitanya infinitesimally . can I have the definition ? proctor yes . '' exceedingly small . '' chaitanya look back at guy . he know this word . but on he face that he 's feel guilty . chaitanya infinitesimally . e-n-f-i-n-i-t-e- ss - i-m-a-l-l-y. ting ! the crowd erupt with displeasure . chuck ( 0.c . ) oh my . well , a spelling bee can not be win on a incorrect word , so ' round we go again . chaitanya sit down next to guy . guy fuck you , chaiwala . chaitanya if you think everything I say be a lie , then I 'il prove it to you . it 's not about win to I ... anymore . guy go to the mic . proctor rugose . guy r-u-g-o-s. ting ! guy sit back down . cur int . tent , somewhere in afghanistan - same time the troops all cheer for guy 's misspel . cur 94 , we see to : to : 95 . int . HOTEL auditorium , stage chaitanya you know this word . chaitanya get up to immense applause . ting ! proctor pejorative . chaitanya p-e-j-o-r-a-t-e-v-e. pejorative . pete ( 0.c . ) it 's almost as if they be misspel on purpose ! I do not think this have ever happen ! chuck ( 0.s. ) chaitanya 's not even take he time . something be up . chaitanya sit back down . guy just spell the fuck word . all you have to do be spell . chaitanya same with you . guy eat shit , chaiwala ! chaitanya stand . chaitanya fuck you ! guy stand . guy fuck you ! chaitanya kick guy in the ball ! guy instantly buckle form the pain , fall to he knee . audience ( 0.s. ) oh ! chaitanya oh god. 96 . without raise he head guy superpunch chaitanya in the ball with he fist ! audience ( 0.s. ) oh ! chaitanya go down . overwhelm with pain , they both roll on the stage floor for a beat . chuck ( 0.s. ) oh my gravy this have turned ugly ! pete ( 0.s. ) indeed it have , chuck ! chaitanya leap on top of guy , raining wild haymaker down on he . everyone watch in horror as they plow through empty fold - up chair and off the stage to the floor . guy just take it ! chaitanya you take it , jerk ! bowman be join by the judge as he clamber into the scrum to pull chaitanya and guy apart . the audience scream in a frenzy . bowman knock it off ! both of you ! chaitanya take a final swing at guy and mistakenly connect with bowman 's nose ! blood erupt from he face and down he dapper suit . audience ( 0.s. ) oo chaitanya oh shit ! sorry ! judge force guy and chaitanya back in they seat , leave they sit next to each other , heaving from the brawl . use he handkerchief to stop the blood , bowman huddle with the judge . pete ( 0.c . ) I just , really do not know what to say , chuck. 97 . chuck ( 0.c . ) well , right now , I be sure President bowman be look to disqualify one or both of we finalist , Pete . let 's look at the replay of the incite incident . a slow -mo of chaitanya wind up and kick guy in the ball replay over and over . chuck ( 0.c. ) ( cont 'd ) as you can see , chaitanya really connect to guy 's scrotal theater of pain . pete ( 0.c . ) my theater hurt just watch the replay . bowman depart from the judge 's table and sit back down . proctor gentleman , it have be decide that neither one of you will be disqualified as you both - the audience 's boo become uproarious . proctor ( cont ’d ) ( shouting over boo ) - as you both appear to have equally conducted yourselves in shameful manner ! now let 's finish the competition , please ! the audience need to be silent ! the audience quiet down . proctor ( cont ’d ) now , can we please proceed ? guy get up with a huff . walk to the mic . proctor ( cont ’d ) unguent . guy a-n-g-u-e-n-t. ting ! guy sit back down with a '' fuck you '' face to chaitanya . chaitanya get to the mic . 98 . proctor please consider carefully ... for the love of God ... the word ... bucentaur . chaitanya B ... chaitanya look at guy . the entire audience hold they breath . CUT to : int . best buy - same time shopper stand freeze in front of the flatscreen . int . household - same time the wife squeeze the husband hand in hopeful anticipation . int . tent , somewhere in afghanistan the troops all lean in close to the small tv . CUT to : int . HOTEL auditorium , stage chaitanya b-u-c-i-n-t-a-u-r . ting ! the crowd erupt with disappointment . CUT to : int . best buy - same time the shopper all scream '' noooooo ! '' int . household the wife beat she husband with a decorative pillow . 99 , int . tent , somewhere in afghanistan the troops all stomp and kick with frustration . CUT to : int . HOTEL auditorium , stage guy sigh . get back up to the mic . proctor sisyphean . guy c-i-s-s -y . guy sit back down . chuck ( 0.s. ) that 's not even complete ! he just spell cissy ! chaitanya get back up to the mic . the audience cheer for he once again . proctor please . for the love of mercy , carefully , very carefully consider the word callithump . chaitanya c-a-l - guy 's have enough , he get up and walk over to chaitanya . guy it 's c-a-l-i-t-h-u-m-p. chaitanya no , you forget a L. guy stand back , know what 's next . chuck ( 0.s. ) ruh-roh . bowman storm onto the stage - he eye already start to '' raccoon '' from the break nose . 100 . bowman stop ! stop . I be sorry . Sir , you be try to help a fellow competitor cheat , that be against the rule , you be disqualified . guy ( rote ) but it do not matter , I spell it wrong , anyway . he correct I . the audience boo . bowman which mean that even though you try to help he cheat , he be not cheating and he still technically spell the word correctly on he own , which make he the new champion ! the audience explode with cheer . CUT to : int . household - same time the wife french kiss she husband while the dog watch . int . best buy - same time employee and shopper cheer and hug each other . int . sport bar - same time bar goer cheer and order round of shot int . tent , somewhere in afghanistan - same time Soldiers cheer and hug and run out to fire they machine gun . CUT to : int . HOTEL auditorium , stage chaitanya 's parent run up on stage to hug and kiss he amongst the grow crowd as balloon shower down in the auditorium . 101 . a giant check and trophy table be whisk in from the wing as guy quietly move toward the exit . chaitanya crane he head to look for guy . chaitanya guy ! guy ! you tricked I ! guy smile , shrug and flip he the bird . Chuck and Pete appear next to chaitanya . chuck well , it be a battle royal for the age . and now it be over . many have go home defeat . and one grab the brass ring . chaitanya hi , Chuck . pete and now the trophy ceremony . President bowman ? bowman chaitanya chopra , it be my great honor to bestow upon you the first place trophy for this year 's scribb National spell bee , as well as a check for five hundred thousand dollar and a life-time supply of encyclopedias . everyone applaud . bowman hand chaitanya the giant check and trophy . chaitanya , hold the spelling bee trophy up in the air . pete chaitanya , how do you feel now that you be champion ? chaitanya I do not consider myself the champion . I consider myself a co - champion with guy . I think it be unfair to disqualify guy . guy ! guy ! come back ! where be you ?! suddenly a spotlight find guy just as he 's about to leave the auditorium . guy turn around . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) come back ! get up here ! 102 . guy watch as chaitanya plead on stage . he head back . some people in the audience boo , but nobody care . guy tentatively get back on stage . chaitanya ( cont ’d ) guy be my friend . and I have decide to split the prize money with he . guy ( touch ) really ? chaitanya that 's what real friend do . chaitanya hold out he hand . guy go in for a shake . chuck that 's pretty incredible . among many many other thing this year , I think we have all witness what true sportsmanship be here at the bee. sort of . CUT to : int . state plaza HOTEL , lobby - later guy exit the auditorium and spot Jenny at the check - out counter . guy Jenny . jenny what . guy come with I . guy lead Jenny to where bowman stand , chat to a cluster of people . guy ( cont 'd ) bowman . I need to talk to you . bowman nod to the people and they depart . he uncomfortably look at guy . bowman what can I uh ... do for you ? 103 . guy my mom , in she day , use to work in a diner in Kansas City . and every so often this business man would come through town , apparently . he start off as a encyclopedia salesman and finish by leave she with a baby . that baby be I . I be you son and I just want to say , fuck you and this be a reporter friend of mine who be go to write a entire article about it whether you like it or not ! Mr. bowman 's face go slack . Jenny be incredibly touch by guy 's gesture . guy tensely wait to see what bowman say next , prepare for the worst . bowman oh my . you ... you have she eye . guy I ’m not fucking lying - what ? bowman I have only have one regret in life , and that be walk away from you and bernice . I think I have my reason , but none of they really feel like good reason , now . how be berni - guy Dead . bowman oh. I be sorry . guy yeah well ... it 's no skin off you back . guy turn to leave . bowman wait ! guy stop . bowman ( cont 'd ) look . I be suppose to be on a plane out of here today , but let I reschedule . ( more ) 104 . bowman ( cont 'd ) meet I at the bar in a hour . we will talk . I want to talk . bowman sincerely hope guy say yes . guy okay . bowman okay . good . one hour . bowman put he hand on guy 's shoulder and smile reassuringly , then walk off . jenny wow . guy you can say that again . jenny thanks for the scoop . guy Jenny , I fuckin’ like you . Jenny smile . jenny good . guy and it look like I have a hour before I meet back up with ... dad . a sly grin spread on Jenny 's face . she know what he 's think . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - later guy and Jenny hump passionately . guy 's face be turn away . jenny okay . .. now ! guy turn and lock eye with Jenny . they both smile . 105 . jenny ( cont 'd ) Holy shit that be easier than I think ... aahhhh yes ! yes ! yes ! this be so hot ! CUT to : ext . school - day the marquee outside read '' congratulation to chaitanya chopra - national spelling bee champ ! '' we pan down as school let out . chaitanya walk along with he full backpack and armful of book . Three kid on bike approach . kid 1 hey spelling nerd , can you spell douchebag ? ! chaitanya of course . but not for you . the other kid slap the book out of chaitanya 's arm , send they everywhere . the three kid laugh and ride off . nobody try to help chaitanya . guy ( 0.s. ) hey , slum Dog . chaitanya look up to see a police car pull to the curb with guy smile behind the wheel . chaitanya leave he mess and walk over . chaitanya wow ! guy right ? chaitanya where would you get this ? guy it 's a old movie police car . I get it at a auction with my half of the winning . Worth every penny . 106 . chaitanya now you do not need the toy you have the real thing ! guy but only because of my good friend . so , you want to give it a whirl ? chaitanya who ? I ? guy damn fuck straight . I just think you might want to show it off to some of you ... classmate . CUT to : ext . STREET - later the three bully kid casually ride they bike down the middle of the sleepy street ... siren go off behind they . they spin around to see chaitanya behind the wheel . kid 1 oh shit ! chaitanya punch it as the three kid ride they bike as fast as they foot can pedal . aerial Pov : a high speed chase ! as the police car tear after the three scream kid on they bike ... through the street , over lawn , through parking lot . and all the while we hear chaitanya and guy laugh together . like friend do . the end