bad moon " thor " screenplay by .. Eric Red base upon the novelby Wayne Smith director : eric red shoot script 21/03/96 Rev. Blue 17/04/96 Rev. pink 19/04/96 Rev. yellow 19/04/96 Rev. Green 22/04/96 Rev. goldenrod 23/04/96 rev:4/17/96 ( dd ) fade '' in : 1 ext . jungle - nepal , india - dusk the vast , primordial jungle . exotic , mist -shroud mountainscape loom in the gather dusk . 2 ext . nepalese sky - dusk the remote primeval landscape be bath in strange , sweltering twilight . the set sun be a weird fireball behind the palm tree . . the moon be a ghost on the horizon . 3 ext . clearing - nepal - night . a few tent pitch in the clear ... '' a campfire burn ... : 4 ext . camp - nepal - night a jungle expedition have pitch camp . 6 native be stoke the campfire and cooking food . 3 pack horse be tethere to a post . the photographer , be a ruggedly handsome american man in khaki jungle gear , several camera sling around he neck . he be review a map with the naturalist , a stun and outdoorsy Australian woman . she be labeling numerous roll of 35 mm film with a magic marker . photographer we be thirty mile northeast of the upper plateau . there 's a outpost and a airstrip ten mile due north here ... he point to a mark on the map . photographer we can have the film fly out to delphi from there . they can pouch it to the field office in Calcutta . Old Jones should be happy ... we be only two week past deadline . she kiss he lovingly . rev:4/1//30\d ) 4 continued : naturalist this have be a wonderful adventure . photographer you make it wonderful . he kiss she . they gaze into each other 's eye fondly . photographer put it in you book . this September , the amazon . January , Egypt . naturalist but in the next five minute , bed . photographer we be out here a thousand mile from civilization , a blanket star above we , and she want to sleep . a naturalist . I do not say sleep , my love . come along ? t photographer ; hold it . in the last two month we have get picture of every last live creature in this jungle paradise except you and I . naturalist and ? ' photographer I want one to show we grandkid . the photographer set a camera on a tripod , set it to autotimer . go over and pose with he girlfriend . viewfinder p.o.v. : the two attractive people in a warm and loving embrace . click . the shutter snap the flashbulb flare white 's they out . the flash refract off the eye of a strange creature watch they in the jungle . it growls , a scary wolflike SOUND . the photographer kiss the naturalist fondly . she kiss he back . she put she arm around he and they nuzzle in the remote reach of the indian jungle . across the ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) clear , they Native guide be stoke the campfire . int . tent - camp - night the photographer and the naturalist enter the tent . she sit down and begin brush she hair . he lift he camera and snap a few shot of he lovely girlfriend . naturalist stop it . he lower he camera . photographer okay . he take she in he arm and they kiss in a passionate embrace . * ext . jungle - nepal - night the full moon now visible in the darken sky . ext . camp - nepal - night the Native guide stoke the coal of the fire with stick . they listen to the sound of the monkey , bird , and insect in the dense tree lining the perimeter of the clear . they hear the soft sigh come from the one tent . the native exchange grin and shake they head as they tend the fire . then all sound of wildlife abruptly cease . silence . the Native guide lift they head , alert . the jungle be totally , preternaturally quiet . one man rise to he foot uneasily . he nervously look around he at the darken clear . it be pitch black on all side beyond the dim glow of the campfire . : the horse in the stall begin to snort and paw the earth with they hoof . the horse suddenly rear and yank at they tether . they wild eye stare into the dark , silent jungle . Three native begin babbling anxiously to one another . suddenly , a low growl emanate from the brush . like a wolf . but not . famamrinron 10 continued : 7 the horse rip loose of they post and gallop off in panic into the jungle . int . tent - camp night 8 the photographer and the naturalist make passionate love in a sleep bag ... they erotic sigh and exclamation drow out all noise outside the tent . ext . camp - night : 9 fear explode across the guide ' face . they be freeze in place , paralyze with terror . one look over to see he rifle rest against he tent twenty yard away . _ Three native scream and bolt into the jungle . two more of the native run off in the’ other direction . growl . with a cry of terror , the remain Native guide run for he rifle . a werewolf drop out of the tree and go for the man 's throat ! bloodshot , insane eye ... salivate fang ... hairy half - man , half - wolf feature ... huge claw . the creature be half - see , a psychopathic - eye apparition of fang , claw , and fur in the firelight . the Native guide 's scream be cut short as he be tear to shred by the werewolf . int . tent - camp - night 10 the photographer and the naturalist be still make love in the sleep bag . over they passionate sigh , he hear something outside the tent . he lift he head . photographer do you hear something ? she nibble he lip . naturalist um-hmmmm . they kiss and continue what they be do . 11 12 ext . camp - nepal - night 11 the werewolf heave the Native guide 's corpse into the tree . the creature rear in the firelight , its talon and jaw drip with gore . its craze , bloodshot eye focus on the tent across the clear . werewolf p.o.v. : b&w. its heart pounding in it's chest . its blood roaring in its ear . the soft human sigh from the tent . the tent . making its way swiftly across the clearing ... toward the tent . int . tent - camp - night 12 the photographer roll on top of the naturalist in the sleep bag . her eye widen as she see the hideously unnatural silhouette of the werewolf rear up outside the tent . she scream hysterically . the photographer whirl just as the huge , razor- claw paw shear through the tent canvas . she try to crawl away , but the creature get a fistful of she hair . it drag she right off she foot outside the tent . the werewolf bury it 's jaw into she . the girl scream and flail hysterically as she be hold off the ground and rip apart by the werewolf . the man see only flash of claw and snap fang amid the fly fur . naturalist tedohmygooooo0--helphelp ! !! photographer nooooo !!! the photographer leap at the werewolf . it whirl on he , slashing its razor fang across he torso . his shoulder be tear open , and he be toss fifteen foot . the man land on the ground by the backpack , he shoulder maul . his vision be blurry , semi-conscious . he see the thing toss the girl 's dead body away like a rag doll . and it come for he . the photographer see a shotgun . by the pack . he grab up the shotgun and pump a cartridge into the breech . fanamatanron + 12 13 14 continued : 12 he aim it at the werewolf . the creature dive for he with a psychopathic screech , talon extend . the man aim blindly , pull the trigger . baboooooqoo0 ooooocoommmmmmmm | ! ! he blow the werewolf 's head clean off . it drop decapitate in the dirt , kill instantly . the photographer slump out cold on the ground , he eye roll up in they socket ... 's smash CUT to : ext . " forest edge " - WASHINGTON state + day 13 the credit be superimposed over a helicopter shot sweeping high above the green , lush pine forest . rugged , untamed natural scenery for mile and mile . then , down below , at the edge of the wood , be nestle a comfortable , middle - class neighborhood of tract house and safe , clean street . the tree part and the quiet suburban town of " Forest Edge " spread out before we . the helicopter shot travel over the town to frame a house situate a bit secluded at the edge of the wood . the SOUND of a dog barking . thor , a big , healthy , friendly german shepherd leap up and grab a baseball . BRETT harrison good dog ! bring it back , thor . the canine scamper onto -- ext . front lawn - harrison house - day 14 thor take the baseball onto the front lawn and drop it at the foot of BRETT harrison , 10 . the little boy roughhouses with he pet on the freshly cut lawn of they all - american home . thor jump and prance , dodging back into the street to play catch again . faenwamranron + 14 continued : 14 brett heave the ball . zoom in on thor 's eye ... thor p.o.v. : black and white . he vision be heightened , ultra ~ aware . the sound of the bird and wildlife in the forest at the edge of the neighborhood be dense and detailed in the stereophonic dub . distant car and truck and voice of neighbor in there house be clearly heard . now , he vision focus on the baseball hissing through the AIR at he , he leap and ... thor snatch the baseball . he pad back onto the lawn and drop it by brett 's foot . BRETT gimmie five . thor enthusiastically put he paw in brett 's hand . BRETT good boy . yr brett lean down and affectionately hug thor . the dog lick the kid 's face . then he head lift . in the distance , up the block ... a man approach . i the flopsy wear a dark suit and sunglass , carry a attache case . he be make good time up the sidewalk . thor pay full attention . the flopsy seem to be come directly towards they house , ignore the other house on the way . the dog 's hackles rise . he will they down . flopsy come up to the front yard . near the boy . behave nonchalantly , thor saunter across the lawn and place himself between brett and flopsy . the german shepherd take pain not to appear intimidating . thor watch flopsy . the man adjust he dark glass . thor 's hackles rise . he will they down . he cast a glance to brett play with the frisbee . then he return he gaze to flopsy . the man do not seem to fear thor , huge german shepherd that he be . fanamranron + 14 continued : ( 2 ) - 14 flopsy Nice doggie . thor just eye he . thor p.o.v. : black and white . something tense and hard about the flopsy . thor doesn't hear specific word , just tone of voice , and the man' tone be one of phony familiarity . flopsy nice doggie . thor do not blink . flopsy you be a big one , be not you ? be you a dog or a horse ? thor emit a low rumble from deep in he throat . t flopsy actually grin . BRETT he 's not a horse ! he 's a german shepherd ! ' thor see brett have come up from behind . the german shepherd easily position himself between the disturbing man and the little boy . flopsy wipe sweat from he brow . flopsy : well , he 's a helluva big german shepherd . be you Mom and dad home ? thor squint . thor p.o.v. : black and white . panning from the man' ankle , to he groin , to he exposed throat . flopsy inch back a little . the screen door on the porch open . janet harrison , Mom , attractive , in she late 30' , hurry across the lawn . janet can I help you ? flopsy ah , you must be the lady of the house . Mom face flopsy . frawmranion bevery aay 7u wp 14 continued : ( 3 ) 14 thor p.o.v. : b&w. eyeing the man' hand and feet , as they twitch with ill - concealed nervousness . the man' word be incomprehensible , but the tone be smug , easy , totally dishonest . thor 's hackles rise . janet yes , I be . flopsy well , ma'am , I see you have a young boy . be you help he to get the best education possible ? I represent the Pacific Northwest magna reading Project , and we have a series of book which study have prove be a major benefit towards advanced learn in phonetics and word comprehension . if I could have five minute of you time to show you -- be janet thank you , but we really be not interested in buy -- flopsy ' please let I show you this book my company have develop -- he open he attache case . thor let out a low , threaten growl ; flopsy I have they right here . flopsy reach he hand into he case . he eye thor with a strange glint of opportunism in he eye . thor give the man a single , vicious , snap bark . flopsy hey , look , lady ! you ever heard of a leash law ?! you better control you dog before he bite somebody ! Mom look upset . janet thor . ( continued ) revi4/19/90 ( pp ) aue 14 continued : ( 4 ) 14 she reach down to slip she finger into the metal ring of thor 's collar . as she do so , she take she eye off flopsy for a moment . flopsy make deliberate eye contact with thor . thor see flopsy make a quick , flail movement with he free hand over Mom 's neck . like he be about to punch she . BRETT hey ! that do it . with a violent growl , thor leap . he hit flopsy full in the chest with front and hind leg , drop he like a bowl pin . the ninety pound german shepherd pin he to the pavement , police dog style . flopsy look in terror at the bare fang of the dog at he throat . - . flopsy help ! get he off I ! janet thor ! get off he ! thor look up at Mom , and obediently get off the man . flopsy sit up , angrily brush himself off . flopsy he bit I ! i'm suing ! you got a dangerous animal there , lady , and you 're go to pay for it ! you better get a lawyer , lady ! ' cause you're gonna hear from mine , toot sweet ! Janet stand over he , nonpluss . janet you - can talk to I . Mom pull a small white card out of she wallet and toss it contemptuously to flopsy . janet I be a lawyer . before flopsy can react , Janet reach down and jerk the jacket from the man 's shoulder . there be no wound . janet I do not see what you be go to sue for , except maybe the price of a new suit at k - Mart . ( continued } 14 continued : ( 5 ) 14 flopsy hey , listen , lady . I do not care if you be a lawyer . you dog attack I , and if you do not want to settle , fine . I will not sue you . I will go to the humane society and show they what he do . I will get a court order and have he destroy . baffle , thor look back and forth between Mom and flopsy . he let out a low growl . janet get in the house , thor ! Mom point the dog towards the house . if possible , the german shepherd be on the verge of tear of confusion and shame . he have no choice . he do what he be tell . thor slink away , tail between he leg . he slump on the porch and watch the heat interchange between he master and the stranger who apparently threaten Mom . Mom face flopsy furiously as the man lie on the ground . janet do he bite you ? flopsy hesitates . janet because if he bit you , you will have to see a doctor right now . since you be on foot , I will give you a lift to the nearest hospital emergency room right now . Janet hold out she hand to help the man up . janet I will take you to we family doctor . flopsy I get my own doctor ! janet all right . I think I have hear about enough , flopsy . BRETT who 's flopsy , Mom ? Janet stare down flopsy . panamrnron continued : ( 6 ) janet a flopsy , brett , be a con man who do thing like walk in front of car and pretend to get hit . or intentionally provoke people 's dog and pretend to get bitten . he threaten to sue people or have they pet destroy unless they pay he money . I have prosecute plenty of this guy . flopsy I will -- I '1ll see you in court . the con man fidget like a pin bug . thor watch Mom 's demeanor from the sideline , and he german shepherd jowl break into a loose grin as he see whatever it be go on , Mom be win . janet . brett , call sheriff jenson . tell he you be my son , he will take the call . tell he we have a problem and to send a. - deputy right away . . Janet turn to flopsy . with a grin . janet it be nice know you , flopsy . I will visit you in the slammer . flopsy you F - -! i the man explode in anger . thor leap up on he haunch and bark violently . Mom whirl on thor and roar ferociously . : janet stay ! with a dismal whine of dismay , thor miserably hang back on the stoop . his eye still remain protectively fix on flopsy . janet now , my advice to you be to turn around , and walk away without say another word and without look back . the humiliate con man stumble away up the sidewalk . he wag he finger at Janet . ( continued ) 14 + ee ee ee + + +e ee 14 15 16 " Janet open the door and push the dog'inside with the rest 11b . rev.23/04/96 ( goldenrod ) continued : ( 7 ) , 14 flopsy you be not hear the last of this ! janet I think I have . but do not think of this as a total loss -- you learn a valuable lesson : do not mess with a lawyer on she own turf ! Mom turn she back on flopsy and usher brett back towards the house . thor , the big german shepherd , sit small and fearful on the porch , he tail helplessly thumping . Janet walk up to he . thor look up expectantly . Mom stare down at thor with hard eye . janet t get in . of the family . omit . 15 * omit . 16 * 7 12-14 . rev.23/04/96 ( goldenrod ) int . foyer - harrison house - day 17 Mom walk thor to the middle of the room . janet sit down . thor sit . registering she stern tone , he look up at she ' with he most baleful eye , and lay down on he stomach , tail thumping repentantly . janet quit grovel . more tail thump . janet this be serious thor . sit up . thor sit up . * ee janet - pay attention . Mom kneel down beside thor , grab he not untenderly by the jowl . she look he affectionately in the face . janet listen to I , numbskull . I know you be just do you job and try to protect we . but we could have lose you today . if you bite somebody they can take you away from we and take you to the pound and there would not be anything we could do . you be the man of the house , thor . what would we do without the man of the house , huh ? BRETT Mom , go easy on he . he be just try to protect we . he 's we dog , and he be look out for we . janet janet that 's not the point . thor can not meet Mom 's eye . Janet take the dog 's face and force he to look at she . ( continued ) 17 continued : 7 janet you listen to I , thor . you be never . never . to bite a human be . no matter what . you be never to bite anyone . bad ( more ) ( continued ) continued : janet ( cont would ) dog bite people . bad dog get put away . you be not a bad dog , be you ? thor , be you listen to I ? thor look up at Mom with wet eye . thor p.o.v. : b&w. mom' fierce , firm , loving face in he . janet bad dog . bad dog . a memory flashback plays in front of the dog be eye ... a pound . through the bar of a white cage , other white cell beyond . it be as sterile , antiseptic , and cold as a concentration camp . many pathetic animal howling and barking and meowing . thor be inside the cage , looking out , as men in white suit pass like angel of death . + pound attendant . bad dog ! bad dog ! thor be off in space . Mom shake he gently . janet you listen to I , thor ? you be not a bad dog . you be a good dog . hear I ? good dog . : thor gaze dreamily at mom. thor p.o.v. : b&w. still in the pound , behind bar . people be moving past the bar . it be mom and BRETT ! they peer through the the bar at thor . BRETT oh , mommy , look at this puppy ! mommy , I want this one ! can I have he ? mom poke her face over and look in the bar at the camera . janet it's a german shepherd . the gate be opened . the boy pat the camera . janet good dog . good dog . we'll take he . good dog . fanamranron eve ery ues 17 18 19 continued : ( 3 ) thor 's eye be wet . Mom and brett be on the carpet with he . they scratch and pat he . janet good dog . thor gratefully lick they face , relieved . Janet pick up the phone . dial a number . janet hi , sheriff jenson . this be Janet Harrison out at 43 oak Creek Lane . listen , I want to report a incident ... int . sheriff jenson's office - police , headquarters - day sheriff jenson on the phone . the cop be take note . sheriff jenson -.- uh-huh ... uh- huh . get it . , okay , Janet . I will run a make on this guy from the description you give I . and do not worry about ol ' thor . you know that german shepherd . they be a overprotective breed . int . foyer - harrison house - night Janet watch brett roughhouse with thor on the floor , the dog affectionately lick he face . janet do not I know it . thanks . she hang up . 106 17 * 18 * + oe ee oe 19 * rev : 4/17/96 ( b ) 20 21 22 23 24 ext ... harrison house - night the light shut off , one by one . int . stair - harrison house - night thor pad up the stair . int . second floor hallway - harrison house - night thor pad down the hall to brett 's bedroom . he poke he nose in . the boy be sound asleep under he cover . int . brett' bedroom - harrison house . - night thor watch protectively from the doorway . brett be toss and turn , moan from a bad dream . thor 's face etch with concern . he quietly pad in and gently lick brett 's face . that seem to calm he . thor tug the cover up over the boy . brett be now soundly asleep . thor leave the room , nudging the door close . int . second floor hallway - harrison house - night thor quietly pad to Mom 's bedroom . Inside , all quiet . he poke open the door with he snout . peer in . Janet be in bed , work on legal brief scattered around the sheet . she adjust she spectacle on she nose , and look up at the dog with great warmth . she blow he a kiss . this please the dog , and he emit a satisfied " gruff . " his sentry duty complete for the night , thor head downstairs . 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 18 . int . live room - harrison house - night 25 thor pad down the stair . he curl up on a easy chair . with a long yawn after he busy day , he put he head on he paw and drop to sleep . dissolve to : ext . trail - forest - night 26 a rugge , mountainous expanse of pine forest . a flashlight cut through the tree . a hiker with a backpack trek along the moonlit pine forest path . he stop and check he watch . he take a map out of he jacket and check he coordinate . he take out he compass . clearly lose , he put he gear back in he jacket . and hike on into the dark forest . be ext . forest - night . 27 the moon hover over the vast timber country . ext . trail - forest - night 28 a flashlight beam glint through the pine branch . the hiker come down the trail , small and alone . he be dwarf by the huge pine tree , use he flashlight to make he way . the sound of the forest wildlife fill the soundtrack . bird . insect . owl . a steady , outdoorsy din . the hiker stop to get he bearing , shine he flashlight on the tree . silvery moonlight filter through the branch in misty shaft . the man adjust he backpack and move on . the SOUND of he boot crunching twig . then suddenly ... all the animal noise in the forest stop . silence . the hiker stop and listen - to the uncanny , preternatural quiet . apprehension register on he feature . it 's as if all the wildlife in the wood have be scared silent . from far off , a terrifying wolflike howl rip the air . the hiker be petrify by the half - wolf , half - human cry . he turn pale , hurry on at a brisk pace down the path , flitting he flashlight beam ahead . famamranron '' 28 29 continued : 28 the wolflike roar reverberate through the forest again . this time , much closer . the hiker look over he shoulder , but see only wall of tree . the circle of he flashlight beam begin to dim . then it darken and go out . the hiker swear below he breath , barely able to see in the moonlit forest . bead with sweat , he fumble in he backpack for a battery . he frantically insert it into he flashlight . the beam of light blink back on . the SOUND of a huge animal smashing through the tree and branch of the forest . the hiker cry out in fear and run for he life ... he heave off he backpack and bolt up the trail . look over he shoulder , he see something shatter through the branch fifty foot behind he . the huge shape , be cover with fur , its claw glint in the moonlight . the hiker run panic - stricken through the forest . the roar of the thing fill he ear . the hiker scramble up a tree , shimmy ten foot up to the first branch . he try to climb higher . suddenly , the tree be shake powerfully , heaving he sideways . he shine he flashlight down at the creature shaking the tree . a werewolf ! the hiker scream in raw terror and heave the flashlight between the werewolf 's eye . it bounce off the creature 's skull . the werewolf fly into a psychopathic rage , chew and scratch at the tree . bark and wood pulp fly like from a chain see . the hiker hold on for dear life as the tree be violently shake back and forth . he try to climb higher but can not . the werewolf be swiftly gnaw through the trunk of the tree , try to break it in half . a crack of splintering woop . the hiker scream helplessly as the tree he hang onto start to topple . the werewolf wait for he with fang bare and claw outstretch as the tree break . the hiker fall head over heel into the clutches of the werewolf . and be tear to piece . ext . wood - night 29 the vast , moonlit stretch of pine forest . the hiker' hideous scream be CUT short . the throaty wolflike roar trnweranron y 29° 30 31 continued : reverberate through the windless , mountainous expanse of timber in the moonlight . smash CUT to : ext . '' forest edge " - dawn Morning break on the peaceful tract housing community by the huge forest . a newsboy on a bike throw a paper on the doorstep of the Harrison house . int . kitchen - harrison house - dawn thor eat he breakfast from a bowl of alpo . Janet be cooking breakfast . brett be seat at the table , grimly do he homework . he slap down he '' pencil . . BRETT c'mon Mom , it 's Saturday . Janet smile , flipping a pancake . janet you be go to sit there until you finish you definition . you tell I that you turn they in Friday when you be suppose to . surprise . BRETT aww , ma. janet do not aww ma I . or I will add a couple of word to the list for not tell I the truth . look up '' indictment . '' the phone ring . Mom pick up . thor look at Mom . thor p.o.v. : black and white . mom chatting away . warm . happy . janet hello ted , how be you ? where be you ?.. what2 ? when did you get back ?... and you haven't call since then ? you ( more ) ( continued ) 29 30 31 31 '' ume rsv le/ ug / 70 ( ule ) continued : 31 janet ( cont would ) creep . I still thought you be out of the country thor 's ear perk . janet well of course we'd love to see you , ted . the dog sit up , he chop grin , happy . zoom in on he ear . janet we'll see you at the cabin in a few * hour ... you 've move ? sure I know the timberline lake . hold on , let I get these direction down . Janet scribbles down direction . janet * yeah yeah , I got it . boy you 're out in * the boonies there . be there in a few * hour . bye . 4 * Mom hang up . thor jump to he foot . dance around . brett look at he mom. BRETT I think uncle Ted be in another country . Mom give she kid a smile . janet he 's be back a few month . I do not * even know . we be go to drive up and * see he today . how do that sit with you guy ? it sit good . BRETT aw -wright ! we can go hike in the wood * like we do the last time , and maybe he will let we shoot he rifle again and -- janet gosh , I do not even know he would get back . that flaky brother of mine ... ( continued ) revi4/1//90 ( 0 ) 31 continued : ( 2 ) janet gosh , I do not even know he would get back . that flaky brother of mine ... ( continued ) 31 31 32 33 34 continued : ( 2 ) thor put he paw up on the kitchen counter and bark enthusiastically . BRETT I know somebody who will be glad to see he . woncha , big boy ? Mom kneel down and ruffle thor 's jowl . brett start to jump up from the table . Janet shoot he a wry glance . janet of course ... brett stop . janet we will leave just as soon as you have finish you homework . BRETT Mom ! . brett roll he eye . and sit back down . ext . harrison house - day the family and the dog pile into they station wagon . ext . pine forest - day the station wagon traipse through the wind highway past massive expanse of pine tree . the wood be dense and mountainous . uncivilize . int . station wagon - day Janet drive . brett be in the back seat , play pocket nintendo . thor have he head stick out the open window , in he glory . thor p.o.v. : b&w. the wood rushing by in a sweep of nature . the primeval sound of a million animal and insect fill the stereo surround of the theatre in a symphonic din . ( continued ) 31 32 33 34 * 34 35 36 37 cae - janet continued : 34 thor squint he eye , wind blast he face , grin wildly . ext . lake ~ day 35 a spectacular range of forest mountain rise over a glassy , quiet lake . the station wagon turn onto a small dirt road past a rusted sign that read , " no trespass . " on a lonely beach by the isolate lake sit a metallic silver airstream trailer . the car pull up . the door to the airstream open ... int . station wagon - day 36 Mom smack thor on the butt . sick ' im , boy . thor leap out the window . ext . uncle ted' airstream - day 37 thor p.o.v. : b&w. shove through the window of the car ... bounding onto the forest floor..i. running full tilt toward the familiar figure stepping through the airstream door ... uncle ted stepping out with a big grin and open he arm ... thor leaping onto he and licking he face . uncle ted hi , thor . thor drop back . hackles up . the SOUND of uncle ted' voice have a animal - like cadence , a low wolflike growl beneath the word . not ... quite ... right . ( we recognize uncle ted as the photographer who be attacked by the werewolf in the open scene in nepal . ) uncle Ted miss a beat . a flash of caution . then he catch himself and kneel down to rub the scruff of the dog 's neck . rev : 4/17/96 ( b ) uncle ted easy , thor . it 's just you old buddy thor cock he head . he regards Ted with a quizzical look , then wholeheartedly lick the man 's face . uncle ted ' at a boy . Mom and she kid pile out of the car . Janet and she brother bear hug . uncle ted how be ya , sis ? janet how be you ? she stroke he distinctive facial stupble with sisterly disapproval . . janet . ' ever occur to you to use that razor I buy you for Christmas ? uncle ted | just for cut my throat . he laugh . she roll she eye . he hold she gaze warmly . uncle ted ' gosh , it 's good to see you , Janet . you do not know how good . janet yeah right , that 's why you be back a month and do not call I , do not tell I where you be , do not -- what 's with you , you. putz . she sock .him one in the arm . then kiss he . janet it 's good to see you too . thor jump around uncle Ted , he concern for the moment out of mind . he bark . Ted crouch down and hug he nephew . uncle ted brett , you have shot up like a weed . ( continued 1 ) Vo oste ae + * + tt the * 24a . rev.22/04/96 continued : BRETT uncle Ted , can I shoot the rifle ? uncle ted we will see , we will see . first , let 's go inside and visit . he put he arm around brett . ' uncle ted I have quite a story to tell you , young man . when I be over Nepal a few month ago I have a actual encounter with a saskwatch . BRETT I have never hear of a saskwatch . they all head cheerfully towards the airstream . t uncle ted it 's like a abominable snowman , but worse . BRETT yeah , right . there 's no such thing . uncle ted scout 's honor . I be campe down for the night when the ferocious beast attack I and my crew . do not have any warning . BRETT yeah , right . what do you do ? uncle ted wrastle it . BRETT sure ... uncle ted get the battle scar to show for it . ( Green ) + ee of * uncle Ted roll down he collar to reveal a now-heal , but once horrific , maul on he shoulder and neck . the kid gasp . uncle Ted chuckle . Janet be shocked . janet Ted ! my God ! ( continued ) 24b . rev.22/04/96 ( Green ) continued : ( 2 ) uncle ted see what a macho guy you uncle be , brett ? janet Ted oh my -- that look awful ! Ted close he shirt from Janet 's deeply concerned gaze . uncle ted Truth be I do get attack by some kind of animal while I be in my tent in Nepal . but I do not know what it be . I be asleep and I never know what hit I . all thing consider , I would have prefer a sharp stick in the eye . but do not worry about I . you guy both look great , Janet . come on inside . + ( continued ) +e eee rev ? 4 / 1//90\d ) continued : ( 3 ) a3 . ( continued ) 38 continued : ( 4 ) uncle ted hey , thor , the party 's over here . thor be busy romping around the area , sniff all sort of strange animal scent . janet leave he be . he 's out in the wood and he 's happier than a pig in -- uncle ted Janet . janet mud . speak of mud . let 's go have a cup of that famous coffee of yours . they go inside . uncle Ted cast a cautious eye to the dog as do . thor remain outside , nose around . + sniff , che wander around to a small adjacent section of the beach . ext . beach - lake - day a pickup truck park by the water . heaps of dirty clothes stuff in trash bag . the german shepherd check out the area . he do not pay any attention to the tall stack of frame black and white nature photograph that be pile there . they glass frame have be smashed and shattered . thor walk to the pile of soile , dirt - stain laundry on the ground . he sniff . recoil . sniff . growl . thor put he nose to the ground and sniff . the scent have atrail . he follow it , nose first , up a hill . 38 39 Rev. 1ly /U4/90 ( yellow ) fle int . uncle ted' airstream - day 39 a kitchenette attach to a spare bedroom . tidy and neat , with few thing around . Color naturalist photograph cover the wall . Photographic equipment be scattered around . Color photograph be everywhere . uncle Ted take steak from the fridge . Janet help he carry out soda , a salad , and a coffee thermos . brett play with a unload rifle on the bed . Janet regards the color photograph quizzicaly . janet so what 's with the airstream ? last time I see you you be get you house all remodel . next thing I know you be live out here in the boony ina trailer . uncle ted I be rent the house , Janet . I get a good deal on the airstream , and ... well ... it seem like the right thing for I how . I want some time by myself . away from people . think’things out . Janet watch she brother closely , emathetically . janet weve get some catch up to do . Big time . uncle ted yeah but mostly I want to hear about you , and how you move from Chicago be go . uncle Ted wink at brett . uncle ted you stay outta trouble while you Mom and I get the barbecue goin ' . Chow 's in fifteen minute . BRETT cool . uncle ted good deal . how you like you steak ? BRETT bloody . uncle ted child after my own heart . ( continued ) 39 a Rev. 19/04/96 ( yellow ) 28 . ext . uncle ted' airstream - day 39 a Janet pull up a fold table and set down the food . uncle Ted dump coal then pour kerosine in a weber barbecue . he stroke the coal as they talk . uncle ted how 's the new firm work work out . janeway and samuel , right ? janet so far so good . my caseload be lighter than it be at the d.a. 's office in Chicago . and the pace be easier . I be frankly glad to be out of criminal litigation . uncle ted . how you guy adjust to small town life ? be - . janet me. like that . she snap she finger . janet brett ... well , it frankly have not be a easy adjustment for he . he have not make any friend in the neighborhood yet . thor be he best friend . I think he talk more to the dog than he do to I . but Chicago be no place to raise kid -- * uncle ted and he dad he 's keepin ' in good touch with brett ? last you tell I he be over Germany workin ' on the novel . Janet noticy a anxious edge to Ted 's usual warm and close rapport with she . uncle ted sorry . you say that here it 's safe and peaceful and ... uncle Ted walk over to Janet and take she by the shoulder * warmly . * uncle ted * you know , I be really proud of ya , sis . I * gotta take my hat off to you the way you * keep it together . you be a full time Mom * ( more ) ( continued ) Rev. 19/04/96 ( yellow ) 28a. 39a continued : oe 39 a uncle ted ( cont would ) to brett , and still manage work at the firm full - time . ( continued ) mee they no nin de sass a ina 39a continued : ( 2 ) 39 a Janet look hard into she brother 's eye . janet you be not tell I something . uncle Ted break she gaze . he walk to the edge of the lake and stare off distantly . uncle ted thing have not go all that great since I get back from Nepal , sis . marjorie 's go . janet I be sorry , Ted . - uncle ted now it 's just I and ... he laugh . strangely . uncle ted - my shadow . Janet reach out and touch she brother 's arm sympathetically . janet I be sorry about marjorie . look like we be both on we own this day , huh ? Janet brighten . ' janet hey , how ' bout if I talk to marjorie ? she and I always get along . maybe if I call she and I could help get you to back together -- uncle Ted darken . shiver at the memory . uncle ted she 's go . ( continued ) be mhe 39a continued : ( 3 ) 39 a uncle Ted darken . shiver at the memory . uncle ted it 's over . ( continued ) 39a continued : 30 . rev.23/04/96 ( goldenrod ) ( 3 ) 39 a janet so what be you go to do ? uncle ted I have not make up my mind yet . I havea lot of thing go on in my life now that I have to work out by myself out here and -- janet you know I be always there for you . if you need help , all you have to do be ask . uncle ted I do not know what I need . actually , I do know what I need . only I do not have the gut to do it . janet . Ted , you need to put you life back together . you should not be out here live all alone in a trailer . you could stay with we . it 's not healthy for you to be by yourself -- uncle Ted face Janet firmly . uncle ted Janet . there be thing you do not know about ... there be thing go on in my life I ... I just can not talk about right now . I be sorry . but I just can not say any more than that . not now . okay ? Janet back off . ( continued ) 39 a 40 41 42 Rev. 19/04/96 ( yellow ) 31 . continued : ( 4 ) 39 a janet okay . they embrace on the lonely beachhead . ext . airstream - lake — day 40 thor follow the scent across the clear , away from the trailer . the smell lead he onto a hiker path that go deep into the huge pine forest . like a bloodhound , thor sniff out the trail , pad into the wood . int . pine wood - day 41 giant branch brush past the dog as he wander down the small trail , take he far from the house . he sniff and sniff , he sense alert . t thor p.o.v. : b&w. low to the ground . nosing through the underbrush . the SOUND of sniffing filling the soundtrack along with the cacophonous din of bird and animal . then something odd . silence . the sound of the animal quiet . there be just the SOUND of thor's sniffing . thor lift he head , alert . ' his hackles rise . he put down he nose and sniff the ground , follow the scent off the hiker 's path , and into a deep , brush - strewn gully . int . gully - pine wood - day 42 the dog make he way past branch and brush that have clearly be trample and tear asunder , as if by a wild animal . a piece of denim jacket , stain with blood , be stick on a branch . the SOUND of fly . thor sniff and sniff , pad into the gully . he sniff a thick group of bush . ( continued ) 42 43 32 . rev.23/04/96 ( goldenrod ) continued : . 42 suddenly something leap out of a bush ! thor leap back with a startle bark . it be only a school of sparrow . they wing off into the sky . thor relax . just as a severe human arm out fall out of tree and land on he back ! the dog bark in alarm as he spot the corpse . a pile of savage , mutilate meat strewn on the ground and all the way up into the tree . a blood-splashed hike boot dangle from a branch , twenty foot up . thor stare at the slaughter . and a whimper of fear escape he throat . + int . airstream - lake - day . 43 * brett explore the airstream . he persue the exotic , spooky tribal mask and ceremonial ornament that be pile around . he see a closet , and open it . Inside , a large cabinet fill with . a complex medical apparatus . beaker and bunsen burner , 's hypodermics , chemical in test tube and jar . a microscope . pile of medical book open and scattered around the closet . Notes and complex chemistry equation be scribble on notepad and all over the wall . the area have the atmosphere of feverish , frantic research . the little boy look around the closet eyeing the medical setup in astonishment . something catch brett 's eye . a ancient , antique book on the floor . the little boy open it . he gasp , read on in awe and terror ... the book have page after page of medieval woodcut of Werewolves . crude plate of huge , half -man , half - wolf monster eat child and terrorize village . behind brett ... something furry with a snout and fang appear ! ( continued ) 43 continued : the little boy whirl , startle . it 's just thor. brett exhales . BRETT do not do that , boy . the german shepherd hold the little troubled mewl . wer wu ihe boy 's gaze with a ( continued ) 43 34 . rev.22/04/96 ( Green ) 43-47 continued : ( 2 ) 43 - 47 _ Janet and uncle Ted walk in . uncle Ted look at the dog . he crack a grin . uncle ted hey , boy . thor look around . uncle ted c'mere , boy . thor be distract , concerned . he ignore uncle Ted for the moment and hunt around . he whimper in concern . thor peer around and see brett play happily with some exotic rock artifact on the floor of the airstream . the german shepherd seem to relax now he have locate the child . he sit on he haunch on the doorway , where he can keep one eye on the kid , one eye on uncle Ted . . the adult chuckle . . janet , that 's we thor. overprotective . maybe if he see you more . uncle ted c'mon , thor . say hi to you old uncle . thor hesitates . janet i thor , mind you manners . come here , boy . ( continued ) 43 44 44 45 46 47 48 49 35 . rev.23/04/96 ( goldenrod ) continued : ( 3 ) 43 thor cast a glance to brett , seem to decide he 's okay for the moment , and reluctantly wander over to uncle Ted . Ted reach down and scratch he head . thor p.o.v. : b&w. close up of uncle ted . something strange 44 and animal glint in the man' eye . thor seem very , very confuse . he gaze oddly at Mom , then back to uncle Ted . Ted scratch he . uncle ted we be two of a kind , be not we , pal ? Ted regards thor with a strange uncomfortable kinship . thor move away from the uncle , and head protectively back to the boy , keep a eye both on uncle Ted and on the child . janet what do you do , spit in he - alpo ? , uncle Ted laugh quietly under he breath . uncle ted ' he know a old dog when he see one . he wink at thor . omitted 44 * omitted 45 * omitted : 46 * omitted 47 * ext . lake - dusk 48 gather dusk settles on the lake , the forest and the silver bullet of a airstream . Janet , brett , and uncle Ted finish they dinner outside by the barbecue . ext . airstream - lake - dusk 49 they finish they food . the shadow be lengthen . uncle Ted note this with concern . he look at he watch , then at Janet . ( continued ) on RA a ae ne 49 continued : 49 uncle ted you better head out if you be go to get the [ ] kid back by bedtime . you get a long drive ahead . I would invite you to stay , but this place be a mess , and I do not think you would find it too comfortable . Janet look she brother in the eye . ( continued ) rev:4/19/96 ( dp ) vue 49 continued : janet I want you to stay with we for awhile , Ted . Ted look nervously at the twilight past the tree perimeter . uncle ted I do not realize how late it w- - c'mon , I will walk you to the car . Janet , very worried about she brother , cross she arm and stand she ground . janet I mean it . I be worried about you . uncle ted you do not need to worry . c'mon -- janet . just say yes . . ted.sees he 's not get she out of there . he look at he watch urgently . uncle ted yes . he start to shepherd she and brett towards the car . thor watch cautiously . Janet do not budge . janet i so you be come with we ? uncle ted no , but I will come by soon . janet when ? uncle ted I will give you a call . janet this week . uncle Ted look at he sister . he kiss she . she smile fondly . ( continued ) 49 rev : 4/19/96 ( p ) 49 50 continued : ( 2 ) uncle ted this week . she eye he . janet good . and go to the car . BRETT c'mon , thor . the boy get up with a reluctant whine . thor jump to he foot and excitedly run to the door , glad to get out of there . gather dusk . twilight etch the pine . the family get in the car . . uncle Ted stand by the shadow by the airstream , he face with a heavy five o'clock shadow in the lowering dusk .. Janet eye he hard from behind the wheel . janet hey . I love you , you know . uncle Ted sort of smile . he raise he hand and wave at she . she start the car and drive off up the road . uncle Ted head off towards he trailer , with a quick glance at the set sun . int . station wagon - dusk Janet drive off down the dirt road . BRETT be uncle Ted gonna stay with we , Mom ? janet I do not know . thor sit in the back seat of the station wagon . he stare at the recede airstream and the shrink figure of uncle Ted swallow up by the shadow as the car turn onto the highway . ( continued ) 49 50 rev ? 4/19/90 \p ) 3b. 50 continued : 50 dissolve to : 51 ext . " forest edge " - day 51 a cheerful sunny street , fill with kid on bike and play street hockey . 52 ext . harrison house - day 52 brett play frisbee on the lawn . no thor . 53 int . office - harrison house - day 53 * the german shepherd sit on the sofa stare out the picture window at the empty street lead out , of town . Storm cloud loom in the distance . thor have what soldier call " the forty - yard stare . " outside , brett beckon he out . thor do not budge . Janet work on legal brief . ( continued ) revitst7y gu wpe 53 54 continued : the phone ring . Mom jump . pick up . janet Ted ! int . airstream ~- lake — day Ted be on the phone . unshaven . shaky . almost inhuman blue eye bloodshot . dishevel . his ( continued ) 53 54 revi4/1//90 ( dp ) 54 55 56 continued = uncle ted sis. . janet v.0 . hi. you okay ? uncle ted yeah , you know , it be really great have you up here , and it really pick up my spirit a lot ... family , sis , it 's everything . everything . I just want to tell you how much I appreciate you guy trip up here and ... and ... family . it 's all we get , y'know . he wipe he lip . int . live room - harrison house - day au . 54 55 ' Janet realize instinctively something be not right with she brother . she plop down on the sofa and fumble a cigarette . janet Ted , you sound terrible . thor turn he head in alarm . thor p.o.v. : b&w. janet ; you really do , ted . thor whimper , in real fear . Janet light she cigarette . janet Ted , be there a problem up there ? int . airstream - lake - day uncle Ted crack a sicken , nihilistic smile . uncle ted Problem up here ? no problem at all . the camera pull back from uncle ted , out the window 56 onto -- 4l. rev.23/04/96 ( goldenrod ) ext . airstream - lake - day 57 the area be crawl with state troopers . cop with rifle and hunter with 30.06 rifle with telescopic sight be stalking the wood and the grounds nearby . pack of bloodhound be sniff the area . the forest be infest with local police team with heavy firepower and flashlight , probing the wood , fear and apprehension on they face . constabulary Jeep Cherokee vehicle with insignia and flash cherrytop line the perimeter of the area . Police officer be hammer up police quarantine . notice on nearby tree . the trooper talk on walkie-talky and be stick up yellow police tape around the area . it be a war zone . dusty sunlight seep through the dense , tall pine . int . airstream - day 58 uncle Ted draw the shutter and lightg a cigarette . he be close to tear of desperation . uncle ted ' when you come up here , like I say , it really pick up my spirit . ; and I reckon that mebbe you be right . mebbe what I need right now be family . kin . some good 'ol familial bond . might be just what I need . so if it be not a imposition , mebbe I could come stay with you a few day . . uncle Ted pick a piece of something from he tooth . int . live room - harrison house - day 59 Janet crack a big grin . janet oh , ted , you be always welcome to stay with we . thor leap to attention . he yelp in fear . omitted . 60 * 41a. rev.23/04/96 ( goldenrod ) 61 omitted . 61 * ( continued ) Rev. lly/u4sy0 ( lel1ow ) 42-43. 60-61 continued : smash CUT to : 61a ext . backyard - harrison house - day 62 the airstream be park like a big silver bullet behind the Harrison house at the edge of the wood . . int . airstream - day uncle Ted crack a beer and hand one to Janet . he lift he bottle with a satisfied sigh . uncle ted here 's to family . janet '' and you be right next door to I , like when we be kid . '' they toast . and exchange happy , fraternal smile . uncle ted ; it 's just perfect . it 's so good to be outta the wood , all the memory . Change of scenery ' 1l do I wonder . thor pad right beside uncle Ted . keeping a eye on he . janet I be always right , little brother . uncle ted yeah . and it 's really annoying . always have be . sister and brother face each other in warm familial affection . janet I be glad you be here . uncle ted I too . ( continued ) 60-61 61a 62 +e of * 62 a4 . continued : 62 back at the laundry room of uncle Ted 's house . the german shepherd nose through the clothes . until he find something metallic . a set of handcuffs . uncle ted hey , thor , get outta there ! too late . Mom have see the handcuffs . she burst out in uncontrollable chuckle . janet handcuffs , Ted ? uncle Ted stare at Janet a long moment . then he laugh . uncle ted * it 's not what you think . . his sister scrutinize they . she read the engrave on the side with 'a mischievous grin . - '' janet 3 '' maximum security high tempere steel " . oooh baby . uncle ted do not knock it until you have try it . Janet roll she eye . i janet I think I better keep a eye on you . Ted , I get a feel it 's gonna be real interesting have you here . c'mon , I be make dinner . uncle Ted look uncomfortably out the window at the beginning of dusk . uncle ted sis , if it 's all the same to you , what I would really like to do be throw on ny sweat and go for a run . just kind of keep a low profile tonight . that okay ? janet you be free to come and go as you please . fanwmranren + rev:4/19/96 ( p ) 62 continued : ( 2 ) janet you be free to come and go as you please . she grin . janet as long as you follow my rule . uncle ted thanks , sis . Janet take thor , and they leave the airstream . uncle Ted be alone . he finger the handcuffs . 63 ext . harrison house ~- dusk . tye bloody streak of twilight shoot acros& the big sky . shadows lengthen from the pine forest behind the tract house . the sun go down . 64 int . kitchen - harrison house - night thor sit by the door , look out the window at the airstream . not blink . Mom pour a glass of ice water from the fridge . watch thor a moment . notice he be stare at the airstream . i janet goodnight , thor . the dog look up at she , worry on he face . she go upstairs . thor return he sentry gaze to the trailer . the dog sit sentry - like by the kitchen door , watch the airstream in the moonlight . thor look out the window to see the trailer door open . uncle Ted walk out in he jogging suit , bead in sweat . cast a anxious glance up at the moon , then hurry off across the back lawn , vault a little creek , and run into the wood . the clinking of something metallic . thor leap to he foot . he 62 63 64 rev:4/19/96 ( p ) thor audio p.o.v. : wolf -like snarl . from deep in the wood , low , horrific 452a . rev : 4/19/96 ( p ) 65 66 40 . int . mom' bedroom - harrison house - night 65 Janet sit up in bed , glass perch on she nose , review a pile of legal document . thor start barking furiously downstairs . Janet throw down the papers . janet what the hell --? Janet leap out of bed , piss off , and leave the room . int . kitchen - harrison house - night . 66 Janet burst downstairs . thor be up on he hind leg , paw at the door . he bark and bark urgently . , janet thor ! thor refuse to stop bark . he put he paw up on the window of the back door , as if to show Mom what 's out there . janet alright already ! the dog recoil , then bark in true alarm to Mom . Janet go for thor 's choker collar , but the german shepherd back away , barking and barking . baffle , Janet ldéok out the window but see only wood and hear , of course , nothing . janet I do not see anything out there , thor ! on the second floor landing , brett start down the stair . janet brett , go back to bed ! excite , brett keep go downstairs anyway . Janet befuddledly look at she barking dog , and she alarmed family , and simply do not know what to do . janet what do you think be out there , thor ? thor bark and bark protectively , stubbornly stand he ground . he leap up , put he paw on the back door window , barking warning to the thing in the wood , then ( continued ) rev : 4/19/96 ( p ) al . 66 67 68 continued : 66 look over he shoulder at the family and barking to alert they . Janet give up . janet '' okay okay !!! she throw open the back door . janet go on , get out ! thor bolt out the door . ext . back yard ~- harrison house - night 67 thor charge across the silvery , moonlit grass , leap the little creek that separate the yard from the wood , and vanish into the tree . int . wood - night 68 the german shepherd put he nose to the trail , sniff . he slow to a trot , pick up uncle Ted 's scent . the wood be dark , much darker than the yard . the moon be low in the sky and very little moonlight penetrate the tall , dense pine tree . thor stop . lift he head . perk he ear . thor p.o.v. : b&w. he night vision be good , and he sees the thick branch and endless wall of tree with dim , if pristine clarity . the forest be preternaturally quiet , as if the animal inhabiting it be frightened to tense , anticipatory silence ... then he hear , from way in the forest , the throaty wolfish rumbling of the bad thing ... and the metallic clinking . thor sniff the trail . and follow it . he stop . tense . hackles up . expecting a ambush . none be forthcoming . thor p.o.v. : b&w. a thick , brushy clearing dead ahead . within , the low , snarling wolf -like growling ..- and the clinking . ( continued ) 69 continued : thor brace for combat . and push into the clear . int . clearing - wood - night 69 the branch part ... and thor be face to face with a werewolf . it be handcuff to a big tree . though it be manlike in size and build , it be hideously unnatural . the werewolf 's face and body be completely cover with thick patch of black pubic-like hair . cover with fur , it stand upright , on its hind leg , with its front leg wrap around the tree trunk , hold together by uncle Ted 's handcuffs . it wear uncle Ted 's sweatpant and the rag remain of he sweatshirt , and a small metal object dangle from a chain around its neck . the key to the handcuffs . its face distend in a wolf - like snout . two - grotesquely long fang protrude from its expose gum . its fang be sharp and very dangerous - look . it have be try to cut through the tree trunk with they , and have gnaw a big hunk out of the tree before give up on the idea . the werewolf have not see thor yet . the german shepherd back slowly , silently , into the surround bush , then edge in for a closer look . the werewolf be chain to the lone tree in the clear , and the moon , now high in the sky , beam down on it like a spotlight . the creature 's attention be tear between the moon and the handcuffs that bind it . it struggle awhile , tire , then gaze upward . it glower at the moon , its face a picture of hate . the only sound that come from the werewolf be the same constant low growl thor have hear in the distance . the german shepherd watch the creature with a mixture of apprehension and befuddlement . thor sniff the ground and locate one of uncle Ted 's sneaker . he sniff it , look at the werewolf , and a whine of confusion escape he throat . the werewolf hear he and snap he head around to see the interloper . at the sight of thor , the werewolf fly into a mad rage . thor tense and bare he tooth , ready to fight , but the handcuffs restrain the creature hold . the werewolf can not famamesnron + 69 continued : 69 attack . instead , it twist itself around the tree to face thor , snarling , growl , pull at the handcuffs , and snap at the air the whole time . the werewolf 's fury make it foam at the mouth , and despite its helpless state , it show no fear , only rage . even helpless , lock to the tree , it urge thor closer , want any opportunity to try to kill he . it be utterly mad . they eye meet . thor freeze . the werewolf 's eye be neither canine nor human , but resembling both . its psychotic , anarchic gaze seem to beckon to thor , invite he to join the werewolf in its wildness , in its freedom , in its madness ... its power the kill . thor stare as if hypnotize , struggle against the primal seduction of raw animal bloodlust . the german shepherd shake to he very bone , unable to break the creature 's gaze . the high , shrill SOUND of a dog whistle pierce ' thor '’s tar . and snap the hold the werewolf have over hin . regain he sense , thor bark savagely , furiously at the shackle creature . janet o.s. thor ! here , thor ! the werewolf hear Mom . it turn to look in the direction of a flicker flashlight beam . its eye gleam with a insane lust that send a ripple of terror through thor . janet 0.s. thor ! here , thor ! thor ! thor throw a glance in Mom 's direction . Janet be get closer . the dog turn one last time to the werewolf , and bare he tooth in warning . then he hurry off through the clear to stop Mom . when the werewolf see that thor be leave , it explode . it open its mouth wide , issue a loud , voiceless , hateful hiss . it thrashes its head and shoulder from side to side in mindless fury , frantically try to break the handcuffs or the tree itself . the handcuffs cut into its wrist . it lanmrmion + 70 71 50 . continued : bite the tree trunk with its tooth again . it take as much of the trunk into its jaw as it can , then lift its hind leg and kick against the tree like a cat . bark , spit , and blood fly . janet v.o. thor ! get over here , thor ! a flashlight beam flicker through the tree branch . thor stop and look over he shoulder at the werewolf . see it will not escape , he abandon the clear and head for the flashlight and the sound of Mom 's voice . int . wood - night . - 70 thor trot briskly through the tree towards the flicker flashlight beam . . janet . _ thor ! Mom be ahead on the path . thor approach she deferentially , head , ear , and body low , tail wag apologetically between he leg . Janet stand wait for he in she bathrobe and slipper , hand on she hip . a leash dangle from she wrist . . thor duck he head , defer to she . Mom put the leash on thor 's choker collar , and with a tug , pull he back with she through the wood towards the house . int . kitchen - harrison house - night 71 Janet bring the dog in the house and unhook the leash . she hold the pooch 's head in both hand , force the dog to look at she . janet there . is. nothing . out. there . thor look up at Mom with wet eye , so confuse , so frustrated , by he inability to communicate . he whimper dismally . Janet squeeze the side of he face fondly , comically scrunching the dog 's feature . PA tanron '' 71 72 73 continued : 71 janet stop. be . so. over. protective . thor tremble violently . Janet stomp up the stair . the german shepherd remain alone in the kitchen . he stare unblink out the kitchen window at the dark wall of pine forest . thor audio p.0.v. : the long , low growl of the werewolf , a SOUND straight out of the bowel of hell . then it be carried away in the wind . . thor whimper . and sit alert , for a long , sleepless night . ext . harrison house - dawn . 72 the sky above the wood and the tract house turn bright . int . kitchen - harrison house - dawn '' 73 thor sit - by the door . 7 his ear perk . he look out the window to spot uncle Ted staggering out of the forest , wear only he run pants . he carry the handcuffs in he fist . see the coast be clear , he hurry across the lawn . as he reach the airstream , he turn to gee thor watch he through the kitchen window . they lock eye . and uncle Ted slip into he trailer , lock the door . the dog watch , baffle . Mom 's footstep behind he . janet well , if it be not canine non gratis . Mom be obviously tired from lack of sleep , as she lean down and scratch the german shepherd 's head . thor be exhaust from he all night vigil . Janet lean down and berate he sarcastically . janet good morning thor . how be you today ? rise and shine there , big guy . what 's the matter ? be not you a morning person ? the tired dog gruff miserably as Janet prod he awake . revi4/19/90 ww vee thor p.o.v. : b&w. mom . janet I slept great . how about you , thor ? word unclear , but her tone affectionate . Janet pat the dog . janet oh , I will stop pickin ' on you . I know you be just look out for we , and it 's better safe than sorry , thor . Janet start throw some bacon on a skillet . thor look at she tentatively , he tail thumping nervously . he look at the floor near Janet 's foot . brett , dress in p.j. 's , come downstairs . he smile at the dog , who behave like he be in , well , the doghouse . '' janet . do he keep you up , too ? thor put he head dismally on he paw . BRETT oh , leave he alone , Mom . he can not help it . he hear something outside . janet I know . I know . I just wish he would not wake we up every time a raccoon come within a mile of the house . BRETT look , ma , one day you be gonna want he around . thor watch the interchange closely . it seem to be go in he favor . - Janet stand in front of the little boy , who be peruse the comic section of the Sunday paper . Janet stare comic dagger down at thor , who still nervously anticipate the verdict from the Spanish inquisition . janet you get a friend , knucklehead . she laugh ruefully , in spite of herself . ( continued ) os , 74 janet c'mere , stupid . thor p.o.v. : mom . janet I love you , thor . tone of voice ... forgiven . thor leap up and plant a wet kiss on Janet 's palm . Mom grab a hunk of loose skin and pull the dog closer . thor bask in relief to feel Mom 's hand loving he again . his tail pound against Janet 's chair as she pat he chest . he roll over and offer he underside to Janet , who stroke he chest and stomach deliciously . thor be back in the fold . Janet go back to the stove , switch on the television as she make breakfast . a local news program be on . footage of the hunter , bloodhound , and police helicopter patrol the wood - area up near uncle Ted 's airstream lake location . a kbdl Channel 6 reporter speak to the camera . reporter -.. team of hunter and police be * patrol a fifty mile square area of * timberline as the curfew enter its third * day . Police reveal today the shocking * discovery of a fifth dead hiker in the * wood near timberline . * Janet 's attention be draw to the television . she sip she coffee . reporter the five man and woman be mutilate by what authority believe be a wild animal , possibly a grizzly bear . team of hunter and bloodhound be patrol a fifty mile square area and a curfew be now in effect on timberline ... * Janet see uncle Ted 's lake on tv . and gasp . ext . back yard -— harrison house —- day 74 it be a bright , sunny Sunday . thor be sit at the foot of the step of the airstream , he attention on the door . brett ( continued ) rev : 4/19/96 ( pp ) dsa . 74 continued : 74 hold a baseball , try in vain to entice he pet to a game — _ of catch . ( continued ) rev:4/19/96 ( p ) 54 . continued : ( 2 ) BRETT hey , c'mon , thor. catch . thor throw a regretful glance over he shoulder to brett . then dutifully return to he sentry at uncle Ted 's door . BRETT since when do not you want to play ball ? brett walk over to thor and kneel beside he . the little boy notice the dog be stake out uncle Ted 's room . thor get up and walk to the tire of the airstream . he lift he leg and urinate on it . brett guffaw . BRETT thor ! do not do that ! the dog return to the boy . * Janet walk out . . janet brett , have you see you thor p.o.v. : b&w. mom . janet uncle ted this morning ? thor tense . Mom pat he head , then look at the airstream . the trailer door unlock . thor 's ear perk . uncle Ted step out onto the landing , look like hell . look like , well , a bad Dog . Ted sniff the air , displease . he look at the tire of he trailer that thor peed on . he look down at thor . uncle ted hi , thor . thor eye he , cautious , confuse , alert . Janet beam up at she brother . he come down the step , mindful of thor , who simply watch he precautiously on the grass . Janet walk up warmly to she brother and ruffle he unkempt hair . ( continued ) 74 * 74 continued : ( 3 ) janet ever hear of a comb ? thor keep you up _ too ' last night , too ? uncle ted mornin ' , sis . Janet get serious . janet Ted , why do not you tell I about the curfew up in skyline ? that hiker that be kill . the animal that 's loose up there . I see it on television today . there be police everywhere . uncle Ted look at he sister . his face be blank . janet . I be talk about that curfew up where you live . you airstream war on television . do not you hear about it ? uncle ted , oh , that . I be gonna tell you about that today . om Janet find this odd . janet so this mean you will have to stay with we until they lift the curfew . | ; uncle Ted eye he sister a long beat . uncle ted I guess . _ ~ ( continued ) 74 75 56 . rev.23/04/96 ( goldenrod ) continued : ( 4 ) janet want , some breakfast ? uncle ted great . Janet head back to the kitchen . uncle Ted watch she go , look like forty mile of bad road . he look down . thor be right at he side , sniff he . uncle ted hi , boy . he lean down and pat thor 's head . thor issue a low growl . . + uncle Ted cautiously remove he hand , with a slow grin . '' uncle ted : in good time , boy , in good time . Janet stand in the doorway . uncle Ted and seem anxious about whether she notice the interchange between he and the dog . thor just watch he coldly as uncle Ted head for the kitchen . thor follow he into -- int . kitchen - harrison house - day ' Janet cook . uncle Ted sit down . thor take a protective position between they . brett be watch " werewolf of London " on the vcr . uncle Ted cast a jaundice eye at the television show Henry Hull as he stare nervously at the full moon hover in the sky . he stare in horror at the bad special effect on he hand , grow hairy . uncle Ted guffaw . BRETT it 's not funny . he 's turn into the wolfman . uncle ted sorry , brett , it 's the full moon part . in the movie , the guy only turn into a werewolf when there 's a full moon . BRETT that 's the way it work . when there 's a full moon , he turn into the werewolf . everybody know that . ( continued ) 74 75 * rev : 4/19/96 ( p ) be 75 continued : uncle Ted scratch he jaw thoughtfully . uncle ted but why only when there 's a full moon ? why not any moon ? BRETT because that 's how werewolve work . and you have to shoot they with a silver bullet . uncle ted I bet if you blow one 's head off with a shotgun , that would do quite nicely . BRETT do not you know anything about werewolve ? uncle ted . I know that you turn into one if you get bit by one . I know you get hairy . but that part about the full moon ... maybe there 's different kind of werewolve , but it 's be my experience that any old moon will do the trick , werewolf - wise . brett look at uncle Ted . BRETT have you ever meet a werewolf ? uncle ted ' oh , I have be acquainted with a few in my time . have you ? BRETT c'mon , everybody know there 's no such thing as werewolve . uncle ted there you go . he ruffle the boy 's hair . smile at Janet . thor watch he closely . janet brett , I want you to take out the trash . before breakfast . BRETT awww , Mom . ( continued ) 75 rev:4.19.90 ( p ) 75 continued : ( 2 ) janet do not '' awww Mom " I . go. brett get up , grab the trash can , and take they outside . uncle ted so what - all happen last night ? janet I do not know , really . Mom pour she brother some coffee . janet thor think he hear something in the wood , and he just about throw a fit . woke the whole house up . you be lucky you be in the airstream . you would think World War Three start . anyway , I finally let he out , and he , run into the wood and do not come back . I try call he with the dog whistle , but he '' just bark . ' uncle Ted turn he back casually , so he sister do not see he face be white with fear . uncle ted so ... what do he find ? janet , nothing . ' uncle Ted try to keep he tone nonchalant . uncle ted so what do you think it be all about ? janet I have no idea , but I be not too worried . thor bark at practically anything . uncle Ted seem be be undergo a inner struggle . uncle ted well , I do not know , sis . Big predator can travel awfully long distance if they habitat run dry . just because the wood here have not have anything dangerous recently do not mean they will always be safe . if I be you , I would not let the boy play out there for awhile until - - ( cont tntien + ( evita tanec 5 75 75 JI . krev.cosue io ( golgenioq ) continued : ( 3 ) Janet look at he , concerned . janet until what ? uncle ted I do not know . there be not suppose to be any wolf where I live , and look what happen to that people . Janet look up . janet I think they say it be a grizzly bear . uncle ted wolf , bear , it 's the same difference . I just think you should be more cautious , and take the dog more seriously . and do not let he go out there either . . janet i Ted , do not you think you be overdo it a little ? thor be not exactly , helpless , you know . uncle ted how big be he in pound ? janet be you ready for this ? one nhundre and five pound ! uncle ted you know how big grey wolf get ? up to two hundred ! janet Ted , give I a break ! the dog start bark in the night , and now you have get a@ two hundred pound wolf at the door ! be you feel okay ? she put down the pan and look at she brother . uncle Ted get up and walk to the sink , he back to he sister . uncle ted oh , Janet . I should not be here . I really should not be ... anywhere near here . ( continued } 75 59a . rev.23/04/96 ( goldenrod ) 75 continued : ( 4 ) 15 he take a deep breath , fight a urge he can not resist . : uncle ted I be leave . today . . one ( continued ) rev:4/19/96 ( p ) ou . 75 continued : ( 5 ) Mom look up , startle . janet you just get here . he take a deep breath . uncle ted I have to go . Janet get up and tentatively put a hand on uncle Ted 's back to massage the muscle between he shoulder . uncle Ted do not respond . she lean against he back and run she hand down he arm to take hold of he wrist . he flinch and gasp . she immediately let go . janet + what 's wrong with you wrist ? shock hit '' she . she do not want to know the answer . janet : I say , what 's wrong with you wrist , Ted ? Janet pull the sleeve up . she see the wrist have be bandage . she look at she brother in alarm . janet ' Ted , you look I in the eye . Ted do not look up . janet look I in the eye and you tell I that you . do not cut you wrist . ( continued ) 75 rev:4/19/96 ( p ) vas 75 continued : ( 6 ) uncle Ted look Janet in the eye . uncle ted I do not cut my wrist . uncle Ted crack a nihilistic grin . uncle ted believe I when I tell you you would not believe I if I tell you . Janet stare through she brother 's head . she touch she brother 's shoulder and massage it in sisterly fashion . janet promise I , promise I , you will stay here until ... until you work thing out . please . thor watch the proceedings with mortal dread , a low whimper escape he as he realize the depth of Mom 's attachment to she brother . uncle Ted turn . he put he face in he hand . he do not cry . he just stand that way for what : seem like a eternity , think . then he draw he finger slowly down and off he face . uncle ted I will try . they hug again . i uncle Ted shoot thor a spooky glance . freeze frame on the man' eye ... 75 rev : 4/19/96 ( p ) . 76 ext . " forest edge " - dusk _ the sky be shot with twilight . 71 ext . airstream - dusk the sky be darken fast . the dog walk to the foot of the airstream . see uncle Ted 's silhouette behind the drape . thor sit on the grass and wait as the sky darken over the pine . Ted open the door and step out on the landing in he brand new sweatsuit . he take one step , see thor , and stop short . a worried look on he face , he go back inside the airstream and close the door . a beat . . uncle Ted pull a drape away from the window . see thor still on the grass . close the drape . thor make himself comfortable on the grass . uncle Ted look out the window again . : = : finally , he come out on the landing . he stand look down at thor for a moment , then look over he shoulder at the blacken eastern horizon . with a look of resignation on he face , he tentatively start down the stair , pause briefly on each step to gauge thor 's réaction . thor sit in place , watch he . uncle Ted set foot on the pavement , less than three foot from thor , who sit motionless the whole time . slightly emboldene and grow more desperate by the second , uncle Ted cautiously begin walk towards the wood . thor immediately get up and follow he , maintain a constant distance of about ten foot between they . 's uncle Ted turn on the german shepherd angrily with he arm hold out straight , point towards the house . uncle ted piss off ! thor ignore he . ~ uncle Ted be beginning to look as nervous as a cornere oz . animal . he step towards thor and slowly , tentatively , ( continued ) 76 77 meve e44 49/949 abs 77 continued : reach for he choker collar . thor 's lip curl , show vee he fang , a low growl rumbling from he throat . uncle Ted wisely withdraw he hand . he be run out of time . the sky be completely dark , and the moon be peek over the horizon . uncle ted hey , sis ! would ya take the dog in ? I be goin ' for a run . he take a nervous step towards the house . thor block he way and quietly snarl at he . no way be he go into the house . rubbing he chin nervously , uncle Ted head back towards th airstream . thor follow he to the airstream step and let : uncle Ted go back inside himself . janet thor ! c'mon in ! bedtime ! thor look 's at Mom stand in the kitchen doorway , then at uncle Ted . he be tear between obedience and instinct . janet thor ! thor walk up to Janet , look she straight in the eye , and bark a few time in a attempt to convey the seriousness of the mission . Mom do not get it . obviously concerned about the dog 's strange behavior , Janet take a deep breath and speak patiently . janet get in here . thor climb the step into the kitchen and sit down with a disgust grunt . 78 int . kitchen - harrison house - night Mom close the kitchen door . behind she back , through the window , uncle Ted run for the wood as if the Devil himse . be on he tail . Janet do not see he . she kneel down by thor . 's ss for it lf ( continued ) 77 78 rev : 4/19/96 ( p ) 04a. 78 continued : janet what 's with you ? she scratch the dog . thor look up at she with plead eye . janet you be a good Dog , alright ? Mom pet thor gently . thor whine for a second , then give up . Mom go upstairs to bed . thor get up and look through the window . thor audio p.o.v. : the low horrific growl of the werewolf . distant , but ... coming closer . thor whine , but swallow he bark . . he hear something in the house . ' thor whirl , brace in alarm . it 's brett . BRETT what 's wrong , boy ? thor jump he paw up on the kitchen door , scratch the glass . thor seem tear with try to ' warn brett back from the approach danger , and try to get out . BRETT you wanna go out ? thor leap off the kitchen door , whining and fidget uncontrollably while he wait for brett to open it . BRETT sure , boy . brett 's hand turn the knob . as soon as a inch of space appear , thor wedge in he snout and shove he body through the door . before brett can regain he balance , thor have cross the yard and disappear into the wood . 78 rev 4/19/96 ( p ) 79 80 int . wood - night 79 thor p.o.v. : b&w. moving through the tall pine tree , sniffing on the soundtrack , nose to the trail ... thor see uncle Ted 's run clothes , tear to shred . trotting further , he see the sneaker , also rip up . thor stop . on the ground glint something metallic ... the handcuffs . thor bolt upright with a yelp of alarm , he head swiveling back towards the house . he take off in a dead , desperate run back for the house like the ground be on fire . the forest fly past he in a dark blur . . the german shepherd burst out of the Woods , bound across the stream onto -- ext . back yard - harrison house - night 80 the werewolf be at the edge of the yard . thor bark savagely . he leap straight for the werewolf 's throat . the creature 's foot sweep up and kick thor in the rib , slamm he sideways into a tree . the dog hit the ground . the werewolf kick its half - canine , half - human leg up into thor 's jaw , smash he against another tree and bounce he off the ground . thor p.o.v. : b&w. blurry . out of focus with pain . the werewolf coming at he with talon extended . thor stagger to he foot . the werewolf pick he up by the throat and bare its dangerous row of razor fang , ready to rip the german shepherd 's head off . 81 82 83 84 int . second floor hallway - harrison house - night 81 Janet burst out of the bedroom , hearing the commotion outside . she run to the wall and throw a security system switch . ext . harrison house - night . 82 a special set of security system floodlamp pop on in a bright flare of light . ext . backyard - harrison house - night 83 with a howl of agony , the werewolf slam its sensitive eye shut from the pierce glare of the floodlight . the monster recoil from the sudden flood of light . its face be bath in the glare . saliva smearg the creature 's mouth . startle by the house light , the werewolf drop thor and dash for the creek and the shelter shadow of the forest . thor shake he head clear . thor p.o.v. : b&w. picture coming into focus . the werewolf staggering for the forest . thor charge , target the werewolf 's trail ankle . the werewolf get to the creek . thor 's head shoot out , he jaw viciously snap at the retreate ankle . his tooth clamp shut on flesh and he tear some off . blood spurt . the werewolf let out a subdued yelp as thor fall back on the other side of the creek . the creature twist and swing a claw hand at thor 's nose , nick it . it glance hatefully at thor for the briefest instant before dash across the creek into the deep shadow of the forest . thor gasp for breath . int . bathroom - brett' bedroom - harrison house - night 84 . brett slowly close the curtain , retreate in horror from the scene he have secretly witness . lanamranren '' rev:4/19/90 \p ) 67 . 84 continued : 84 BRETT m-mommy ... the little boy be pale as a sheet . thor 's urgent barking reverberate from outside . 85 ext . back yard - harrison house - night 85 thor stand by the fence , barking and barking in warning . the Harrison house light be turn on . the back door open and Mom step out hold a flashlight , still half asleep . janet who 's out here ! thor run over to block she way , barking urgently , try to back Janet into the house . she walk outside , shine the flashlight around . thor bark furiously , and try to block Mom 's way , keep one eye out for the werewolf . Janet do not even slow down , merely act annoyed . Janet keep scout the back of the house with . the flashlight . thor 's shepherd instinct be in full command . he run in front -- of Mom and bark to warn she off . it only annoys Janet further . Janet shine the flashlight on thor . she gasp as she see the speckles of blood on he snout . she kneel down and touch the cut on he nose . - janet what happen , thor ? Janet be terribly concerned as she shihe the flashlight on thor 's coat and see the multitude of scratch and cut . janet hey , boy , what do this to you ? how do you get cut ? the dog look straight ahead , haunt . thor whimper . janet be it another dog ? no , it be not that . be it a rat , or a raccoon ? a person ? the dog do not react . janet I wish you could talk . ( continued ) rev:4/19/96 ( p ) os . 85 on 86 a 87 88 _ continued : 85 thor turn to look Janet square in the eye . the woman be take aback by the clear intelligence of the stare . janet thor ... thor whimper , gaze sentry - like around they . BRETT mommy ! Janet look up to see brett , pale as a ghost , stand at he bedroom window . int . kitchen - harrison house - night 86 Janet rush in , grab the phone , and dial 911 . janet . this be Janet Harrison at 43 oak Creek Lane . I need sheriff jenson , please . ' right now . ' brett come to the top of the stair . BRETT mommy , I see something ! Janet shoot he a glance . janet : BRETT , stay upstair ! hello , sheriff ? thor patrol the perimeter of the kitchen . fear be in he eye as he stare out at the darken forest . through the kitchen window , Janet hang up the phone and go upstairs . * delete . 87 * int . brett' room - harrison house - night 88 Janet sit on brett 's bed . brett have the cover pull up to he nose , absolutely terrify . Mom stroke brett 's hair softly . janet there 's no such thing as werewolve , brett . ( continued ) 88 continued : - ge brett be barely able to hold back tear . — _ BRETT I see it , and ... I think it see I ! the little boy pull the cover up around he chin , he breathe rapid and shallow . janet whatever it be , it be not a werewolf . BRETT it ... it be hairy all over , and it have long tooth . but ... it look like a man . Janet see the werewolf model kit on brett 's dresser . she pick it up and show it to he . janet '' do it look like this one ? | BRETT - kind of . but the ear be tonger . and it have a longer snout . and it ... I think it have more hair . that one 's just from a movie . —_ Janet smile lovingly . she put down the model . janet I see . you sure you be not have a bad dream ? i BRETT not zi go to the bathroom , and I hear something , and I look out the window , and the werewolf come toward the house . then thor come and fight with he and chase he away . Janet suppress a smile . she look at she boy and rub she tired eye . janet _ be you sure this werewolf be not thor ? BRETT no , Mom ! thor be in the wood ! he come back after the werewolf try to get in the house ! he chase he through the neighbor 's fence ! saarsmmterron 88 89 continued : ( 2 ) 88 Janet sigh , think a long beat . she can not believe brett see what he say and be not sure what to say to he . janet well , look . as long as thor chase he away , we be safe , right ? and thor be in the house now , so I be sure if there be a werewolf out there , he will not try anything . we can figure this out tomorrow , okay ? Janet tousle the boy 's hair and get off the bed . she go to the door . Dog tired . BRETT Mom ? janet yeah , sweetheart ? . BRETT . could you leave the door open a crack ? janet sure . go to sleep , brett . Janet depart , leave the door open a few inch . the boy lie in bed . in a moment , the familiar protective pad of paw on the carpet , and thor peer through the crack in the door . the big german shepherd wedge open the door with he nose . he cross the room and stand by brett 's bed . the little boy pet he . BRETT we know , do not we , thor ? thor climb onto the bed and lie down beside brett , put he body between the boy and the door . reassured by thor 's presence , brett drop to sleep . ext . airstream ~ night 89 Janet walk out into the darken back yard . she knock on the door of the airstream . janet Ted ? eanemrinen 89 _~ 30 91 ~ 71 . continued : 89 she knock again . janet Ted , you in there ? Janet turn towards the wood . do she hear something out there ? she ignore it , and knock again . the door slide open . unlocked . Janet almost do not go in . then she do . int . airstream - night 90 Janet stand inside the dark and apparently empty trailer . janet Ted ? Janet switch on the desktop light . the place be neat . Janet look in the bathroom . . * janet _ Ted ? then she see something on the desk . a open folder . a pile of snapshot . marjorie . Janet pick up one of the snapshot . and see the other ... the self - time photo of uncle Ted and marjorie they shot in Nepal . Janet can not resist flipping through they . marjorie be a looker . janet Nice . . then she see the next picture ... and choke back vomit . marjorie 's savage , mutilate remain , shot during daylight hour in the Nepal forest . janet ohhhhh , my God . there 's more . a maul dead Native guide . Janet stare at marjorie 's corpse in horrify fascination . janet marjorie ... what .-.? ext . harrison house - night 91 something be moving through the wood ... peering through the branch of the tree to the isolated , unprotected harrison house . the p.o.v. move through the tree and step out into the yard . the SOUND of harsh breathing on the soundtrack . srewnranren y rev:4.19/96 ( p ) 91 continued : it approach the harrison house ... 92 int . airstream - night 72 . Janet put down the picture , swallow to stop from puke . and see the open journal . she have to read it . she flip through the page , note the steady deterioration of uncle Ted 's handwrite into a savage , desperate scrawl . she read in the lamplight . uncle ted v.o. " December 23rd , 1995 . marjorie 's body will be bury in Nepal . saw the local police here . get the wound take care of , maybe my limited understanding of the language , but the doctor do not seem to want to discuss the type of animal that attack I and marjorie . I could see fear write all over on he face ... " Janet flip on . uncle ted v.o . '' December 28th , 1995 . stateside . saw doctor here . have blood test . Doctor could not identify strain . some infection that be not on the book . have another blackout last night . woke up in the wood . bad dream still in black and white ... " Janet flip forward . uncle ted v.o. " December 29th , 1995 . black out again . woke in the wood . blood on I . not mine ... December 30th , 1995 . buy handcuffs . " 93 ext . harrison house —- night the thing cross the creek . it stand in the backyard . the p.o.v. focus on the light in the window of the airstream . its breathing be heavy and excite as it stalk across the ( continu ! ed ) 91 92 93 revi4.19/90 \py 93 continued : ise lawn toward the OPEN door of the airstream . the thing be trailer . hiding in the darkness , the p.o.v. show unprotected through the doorway , tearfully reading journal . .- 93a int . airstream ~ night Janet read aloud in horrible fascination . janet '' January 4th , 1996 . tonight I remain myself . lucid . human . I realize that my condition be cause by the bite of the creature . the disease be transfer through the saliva into the bloodstream . 93b ext . airstream - night + shadow be huge and distorted against the wall of the silver janet the the thing stare at janet through the window . it move to the door ... : 94 int . airstream - night push in on Janet 's face as she flip forward to the last entry . uncle ted v.0 . " January 10th , 1996 . I have try all medical solution , to no effect . there be no know cure in medicine . but maybe ... just maybe ... there be hope for I . Janet and brett come up to the house today . to see she again do my heart good . it rejuvenate I . I feel normal , human again . she have invite I to stay with she , and perhaps if I spend time with she , with my family , this disease will go into remission . Medicine will not stave off this disease . but perhaps love , the restorative power of love , family love ... will save I . it be my last chance . " Janet put down the journal . ( continued ) 93 93a 93b 94 rev : 4/19/96 ( p ) 94 95 continued : put she face in she hand . janet oh , Ted . she stand in the airstream , hold the journal . through the open door , something dart outside in the dark . ext . harrison house - night the thing move away from the airstream toward the back door of the harrison house . the p.o.v. reach the back door . it grab ahold of the knob . and we see it 's flopsy ! the sleazy con man Janet run off at the outset tighten the stock over he face and peer through the back - door . he mutter beneath he breath . - flopsy — : nobody make a fuckin ' fool outta I , lady . i he have a thick sirloin steak in one fist . a meat cleaver in the other . flopsy : here , poochie , poochie ... ' his face break into a sleazeball grin as he open flopsy push open the door . flopsy here , doggie . c'mere ya stupid friggin’ dog ... ggggggrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr . -- '' he stop cold . a monstrous shadow rear over he own on the wall . werewolf growls behind he back ... flopsy n-nice d-doggie ... the lock . the ( continued ) 94 95 rev:4/19/96 ( p ) sae 95 96 97 continued : 95 flopsy freeze , slowly turn as the monster rise to its full height behind he . his eye widen in speechless terror as he see the werewolf face to face , its jag fang spilling saliva , its hot , fetid breath condense in air . flopsy regards the werewolf blankly . flopsy bullfuckingshit . he raise the cleaver . with a powerful swipe of its razor talon , the werewolf rip off flopsy 's knife hand at the wrist . the man 's eye bug out as he see he blood - gout severe stump . he be about to scream . a second swipe of the werewolf 's talon detach he larynx with the better part of he throat . the creep try to run for it . he get two foot . the werewolf swipe it 's talon , tear a gape cavity in the man 's torso and heaving he through the air . ext . wood - night , 96 flopsy fly like a toss rag doll through the branch and land on the ground . physically unable to scream , he clamber to he foot . his throat jet blood as he scramble in agony and terror through the tree . mill ggggggagggggg ..- he run for he life , look over he shoulder to see the huge , bloodthirsty shape of the werewolf smash headlong through the undergrowth after he . int . kitchen ~ harrison house - night 97 thor stand protectively by the door , on full alert . the dog watch the wood . push in on he ear . thor audio p.o.v. : deep in the wind - swept pine forest ... flopsy' frantic footfalls ... the splashing blood ... the werewolf crash through the undergrowth after he ... the monster' bloodthirsty breathing ... then a siren ... 98 ext . wood - night '' ~ flopsy stagger bloodlessly onto a -- 99 ext . road - night and stand stuperously on the two -lane blacktop . he turn , he face blind by headlight ... as the police car come speed around the corner , siren wailing , slamming on its brake too late . flopsy be hit by the car at 50 mph . his shattered body be flung twenty foot into the air , and land on top of the police car , shatter the cherrytop in shower of spark and blood . . sheriff jenson climb out of the patrol car . he regards the twisted pile of meat adorn he squad car that be all that remain of - the con man . . 100 delete . '' ~ 101 delete . 102 delete . 103 ext . harrison house ~ dawn the sky be lighten over the rugge wood and tract house . en 98 99 100 * 101 * 102* 103 tt . rev:4/19/96 ( p ) _ 104 105 ~ 106 int . kitchen - harrison house - dawn Janet stand by the window with thor . she look up to see a police helicopter soar overhead , its searchlight beacon pass across the massive expanse of wood . she pat thor . janet easy , boy . the doorbell ring . Janet jump . go into -- int . live room - harrison house - dawn Janet open the door . sheriff jenson stand there , he face grim . he be backlit by the flash of a squad car in the driveway . - janet sheriff ... sheriff jenson walk in , he hat in he hand . int . kitchen - harrison house - dawn thor sit by the kitchen door , stare , sentry - like out the window at the airstream and the backyard in the morning light . he do not have to wait long . through the window , he see uncle Ted step from the wood . he walk hunch over , clutching he bloody ankle with one hand . thor growls quietly to himself . he watch uncle Ted with grow hostility as the man hop up the stair to he trailer . the door close . thor lie down on the floor , know the " pack " be safe for awhile . 104 105 106 rev:4/19/96 ( p ) 78 . 107 . int . live room - harrison house - dawn Janet face sheriff jenson . he show she flopsy 's driver 's license . sheriff jenson be this the man who approach you place last month ? janet yes . sheriff jenson he 's dead . Janet gasp . sheriff jenson his name be walter Mills . - I hit he in my patrol car tonight , respend to you call . he run out into the middle of the - road , and I do not have time to stop . but the thing of it be , the car be not what kill he . he bore the mark of a animal attack . he have be tear open . by a big animal . like a wolf . or ... Janet hold the sheriff 's gaze . janet or a dog , be that it ? sheriff jenson yes , ma'am . I do recall you tell I that thor almost take a bite out of Mills the other day . now maybe tonight , when Mills come back , thor go at he again . the woman rub she eye . janet thor get into a fight . tonight , with someone , or something . he have cut . ( continued ) 107 107 continued : 107 sheriff jenson I see . Janet pick up uncle Ted 's journal and finger it . she look at sheriff jenson , deeply disturb . janet you know about this slaying up in the skyline area ? that hiker that be mutilate ? sheriff jenson yes , Janet . I be in daily contact with the skyline Law enforcement people . we be keep a watch on the path of the killing . but that would not be the same animal that kill Mills . it would have have to travel two hundred mile from skyline to get here and -- . janet no , that 's not it . my question be ... be ' there any possibility that the killing be commit by a... human be ? sheriff jenson shake he head . sheriff jenson no chance at all , Janet . they be do by a big animal . no man could tear a person apart the way the beast that butcher that people do . ' same with Mills tonight . wolf be the probable culprit . very , very big wolf . but not a man . not humanly possible . why do you ask ? Janet rub she eye , worried . janet I do not know . Janet ponder , most uneasy . sheriff jenson grab he hat . : go to the door . sheriff jenson I reckon that 's all for now , Janet . we will be in touch . just one thing . I know you love thor . and if he do tear up Mills , he be doin’ so to protect you . but once a dog become a biter , get a taste for human blood , he become dangerous . with all due respect , ma'am , ( more ) fanemranmon 107 108 ove continued : ( 2 ) 107 sheriff jenson ( cont would ) you little boy and all , I suggest you consider shoppin ' fer another hound . Janet show no expression . she let the sheriff out and watch through the window as he car tool off down the street . she walk into the kitchen . int . kitchen - harrison house - day 108 Janet come down to the kitchen . thor notice nervously that Mom be quietly keep a eye on he . janet hi , thor. thor p.o.v. : b&w. mom . edgy . . janet . how be you feelin ' this morning , big - guy ? - no word understandable , but mom' tone unmistakably cautious . mom be afraid of he . thor regards Janet with shock . Janet lean down to touch thor , but it be with wariness . janet i hey , thor , how would you like to go outside ? thor watch Mom carefully , reactively . Janet open the kitchen door . thor obediently go outside . Janet watch through the window as the german shepherd go like a magnet to uncle Ted 's airstream to resume he watch . janet right to the airstream . Janet , preoccupy , keep look out the kitchen window . thor be still lie at the foot of the airstream , apparently asleep . then , as Janet watch , the door to the trailer open ... rev : 4/19/96 ( p ) 109 ext . airstream - day 109 — the click of the latch on the trailer door snap thor to attention instantly . uncle Ted step onto the landing , fully dress , he wound conceal . he look at thor and take a deliberate step towards he . thor show no animosity . Janet walk out the kitchen door , not smile , sense trouble . janet hi , ted. uncle ted good morning . uncle Ted continue forward , try not to be too obvious about watch thor . Janet come up quietly behind thor and reach down to pet he . uncle Ted step onto the cement walk . janet + where be you last night , Ted ? ~ . uncle ted : go out for a run . janet ~~ all night ? uncle Ted pick up on the testiness in he sister 's voice . his eye travel to the dog who glare at he with open danger . the man 's eye glint manipulatively as he answer Janet cagily . ' uncle ted then I walk . * janet you do not see anything ? hear anything ? Janet notice the dog 's hackles rise as the animal stare at she brother . she slip a finger into the loop on thor 's choker . ' uncle ted like what ? janet Jesus Ted , a guy get kill right outside here last night ! there be police car and a helicopter ! on , ( continued ) rev:4/19/96 ( p ) 82 . 109 continued : 109 uncle Ted walk up to Mom and thor , he face guilty as any bad Dog . he come into range . his eye fix on thor . uncle ted no kid . Janet stare evenly at she brother . janet where be you last night , Ted ? he lean deliberately down and scratch he ankle , where the dog bit the werewolf . janet Ted ? thor nonchalantly sniff the bottom of he pants leg . thor look up at uncle Ted . + uncle Ted give thor a wink . thor p.o.v. : uncle ted' throat . then he leap . Janet manage to restrain thor just as the dog 's tooth snap savagely at uncle Ted 's neck . thor miss . with a cry of alarm , uncle Ted bring up a arm to shield he face . thor sink he fang into the arm . Janet yank he backwards before thor can clamp down and do any real damage . uncle Ted stumble back , stunne , as Mom slip on the grass and fall backwards , pull thor with she . thor find he balance , dig he claw into the ground , and pull violently to get at uncle Ted , snap he head from side to side and choke himself in the process . uncle Ted stumble back towards the airstream as blood run down he arm , soaking he tear shirt sleeve and coating he hand . uncle ted get he away from I ! thor lunge at he with jaw open and fang bare . Janet hold onto the choker desperately with both hand . the collar close around thor 's neck and he gag horribly , he tooth snap uselessly on air . janet get inside !!! quick !!! I don't know how long I can hold he !!! 110 111 continued : uncle Ted stumble into hsi trailer in a daze , leave bright splashes of blood in he wake . Janet struggle to she foot and pull the choker with both hand . she drag thor back into the house with beth front foot off the ground , retching and gag all the way . int . kitchen - harrison house - day 110 Janet hustle thor through the kitchen to the cellar door . janet bad dog , thor !!! bad bad bad dog !!! bad dogii ! thor go limp , give up . he offer no resistance as Mom open the cellar door and push he through . int . cellar - harrison house - day . 111 thor tumble down a few step before he foot find the stair . the german shepherd slink to the darkest corner of the cellar and lie on the dusty cement floor , stare straight ahead . ' janet bad dogi !t the door slam shut . be lock . janet v.o. bad dogii ! ther put he head on he paw , look like he want to die . he huddle in the corner . thor p.o.v. : b&w. a jumble of image . snapping at uncle ted . janet v.o. bad dog ! the werewolf's eye staring he down when it be handcuffed to the tree . uncle ted up at he harrison house stand with he arm around janet and BRETT . janet v.o. bad dog ! the butchered body in the forest at uncle ted be . running into uncle ted' arm out of the car . fanamrarron + 111 continued + . 111 uncle ted hi , thor . spoken in a voice more animal than man . pinning mill to the pavement . janet v.o. bad dog ! mom and BRETT roughhousing with he on the floor . playing with " the pack " happily in the backyard . biting uncle ted be arm . mom tugging he downstair to the cellar . janet bad dog !!! bad dogi !i! mom fading ... uncle ted . uncle ted . . uncle ted . : - thor blink . put he head on he paw with a dismal whimper . the poor dog lie in the darken cellar . quiet . then ... janet thor . thor do not lift he head , deeply despondent . janet thor . thor open he eye . the door have crack open at the top of the stair . janet come here , thor . it 's okay , boy . I say come here . thor . it 's okay , boy . thor rise weakly to he foot . janet ' come on , thor . t his tail between he leg , thor take a tentative step forward , he head lower . he walk to the step . Mom stand at the top of the step , she face beckone the dog softly . baawmeanrens 112 113 * janet that 's right , boy . come on . thor start up the step , he expression indescribably sad and ashamed . Mom be closer now , wave he hand quietly . janet here , boy . thor get to the top step . he do not see the white sneaker until too late . int . kitchen - harrison house - day . 112 pound man # 1 throw a choke chain around thor 's throat , attach to a long pole . pound man # 2 throw another choke chain over the dog 's head . thor regards the man in the white uniform in bewilderment , then in horrific realization . thor throw a terrify glance at Janet , who regards he with huge sadness . janet I be sorry , boy . pound man # 1 come on , big guy . the man in the white uniform start pull thor towards the front door . thor weakly and submissively let himself be pull by the demean choke chain . the pound Men lead the big german shepherd out the door . ext . harrison house - day 113 a large unmark white van be park at the curb , its back door open . thor be pull by the white uniform man across the patio towards the van . the dog whimper and whine miserably . thor look over he shoulder as the house recede behind he . he see Mom , and brett . the little boy be cry . BRETT mommy , don't let they take thor ! please ! Janet bite back tear , but she hold she boy firmly . sarumrarran 113 . continued : 113 janet brett . they have to take he . I be sorry . there 's nothing we can do . BRETT he 's my dog ! thor ! come back ! thor tug against the choke chain , he eye welling as he see the little boy reach for he . brett try to go towards thor , but Janet emotionally hold he back . janet brett ! stay here ! they have to take thor ! he 's dangerous ! BRETT no it's not true it's not true he's a good dog and they 're go to kill he they 're go to kill he if they take he mommy thor thor thori1 ! | a anguish Janet hold she grief-strick boy back . thor tug against the leash as the attendant hustle he towards the van . thor bark . then he eye widen ... uncle Ted step out of the front door . his eye on fire . something scary , strange , and inhuman flicker in he eye . he flash a sicken grin to the dog as he watch the animal take towards the van to the pound . uncle Ted come up behind Mom and brett and put he arm around they possessively . he wave he finger dismissively at the dog . thor go out of he mind . suddenly , he leap and bark and bark and howl , try to warn the family . the chain gag he and cut he air , but he thrashes against it . the Men in the White uniform struggle fiercely with the huge german shepherd as they try to haul he in the van . brett be scream hysterically in he mother 's grip . BRETT thore !! thor !!! thorii ! thor bark and bark . louder as he see the '' pack " walk dejectedly into the house . uncle Ted linger in the doorway . he wave " bye bye '' at the dog . and close the door . fanumsarren + 87. 113 . continued : ( 2 ) thor yelp as a hypodermic be thrust in he hip . thor p.o.v. : the black and white view of the harrison house go blurry and soft as he sees the men in white as if in slow motion lug he into the back of the van and close the door on he view of the harrison house and there be just black ...« 114 ext . town - day the animal control van pull away from the house down the town street and disappear . 115 ext . backyard - day uncle Ted walk alone to thor 's empty : doghouse . he stop and look around the empty yard to see nohody be watch . the camera push in to a close up of uncle ted , he eye cold with triumph . on the soundtrack , the SOUND of he urinating _ on the ground ... . - marking he territory . ~ 116 int . brett' room - day brett sit on the floor of he room , amid he monster model kit . he stare at a frame photograph in he hand of he and thor in the front yard . he dab a tear . absently he pick up the wolfman model kit on he desk . and he gaze travel out the window to the backyard as uncle Ted go inside the airstream . 117 int . kitchen - day Janet sit at the table . he troubled gaze travel from the airstream out the window to the book she have open before she . . a professional manual on criminal psychology . she leaf through it the chapter on schizophrenia and the paragraph on violent schizophrenics . she rub she eye and fumble with a cigarette as she read on . he gaze travel once again to the quiet trailer ... — 113 114 115 116 117 118 119 bb . rev.23/04/96 ( goldenrod ) ext . wood - dusk 118 the sunset be a bloody splash on the pine . the moon be faintly visible above the tree . int . kitchen - harrison house - night 119 the family be finish dinner . a tense silence hang over the table . uncle Ted have he arm bandage . Janet look at he evenly , keep a discreet but cool eye on he . she edgily get up and clear the dish . uncle ted it 's probably genetic . it happen with german shepherd sometimes . the way they be breed . brett , who have remain cold and expressionless , shoot he uncle a icy glance . . BRETT ' thor 's pedigreed . it do not happen with pedigreed . : Janet shoot brett a glance . he shut up , but he mind be work behind he eye . uncle Ted look uncomfortably around at the obviously despondent child . he look more uncomfortably out the window at the gather dusk . janet ; you will need to see a doctor . uncle ted no , I will not . it 's just a flesh wound . no vein or tendon cut . nothing I can not handle . janet you be go to need a tetanus shot . uncle ted I will give myself a tetanus shot . you think I can go into a amazon rain forest for six month with a first - aid kit ? b89 . rev .45 / 04/90 ( gulueul uu ) he pause , ruefully . . uncle ted besides , I do not like doctor . Janet find she brother 's tone most disturbing . janet I will be right back . she leave the room . uncle Ted look at brett , as the boy pick absently with he food . uncle ted . listen , son . I be really sorry about you dog . the boy do not look at he . . - uncle ted come here . ' the boy look up . uncle Ted gesture with he hand . uncle ted sit on my lap . brett hesitates . then he sulkily go over and sit on he the man 's lap . uncle Ted smile and stroke the boy 's hair . he speak softly , something strange and spooky behind he eye . uncle ted there will be other animal in you life . brett look up and lock eye with uncle Ted . Janet 's hand remove Ted 's hand from she boy 's head . she lift he off she brother 's lap . janet okay , brett , time for bed . the little boy head up the stair with a sense of mission . uncle Ted look out the window at the darken skyline and rise from the table . ( continued ) rev:4/19/96 ( p ) yue continued : uncle ted well , I think I be go to turn in , too . Janet stand at the sink , she back to he . janet Ted . uncle ted yeah , Janet ? janet if I ask you a question , will you tell I the truth ? a beat . uncle ted yes . . janet where be marjorie ? another beat . Ted eye he sister blankly . uncle ted ~o " Seattle . Janet shut she eye , grimly . uncle Ted go out the door . Janet watch he through the kitchen window as he head for the garage , and go inside . never take she eye off the garage , she switch off the kitchen light . Janet take a seat at the table , sit in the dark . watch the garage . 120 ext . harrison house ~- night 120 under the starry sky . surrounded by wood . the upstairs light shut off one by one . 121 int . kitchen - harrison house ~ night 121 Janet sit alone at the kitchen table . the light be off . she sip a cup of coffee , watch the airstream through the window . her eye be alert and precautious as she keep a — lookout on the silhouette of uncle Ted move behind the trailer window . Janet hear the lock turn ... and she tighten ( continued ) revit 49/70 mb 121 continued : yle she grip on the flashlight in she hand . 122 int . brett' room - night the little boy shut the door with clandestine urgency . BRETT do not worry , thor . brett move quickly . he grab he jacket . out the window , down below , the garage door open . uncle Ted , in he sweatsuit , walk outside . the boy put he jacket on . he quietly lift open the window . and crawl out onto the roof . + 123 ext . harrison house - night brett carefully climb onto the big tree next to the house and shimmy he way to the ground . he tiptoe to he bike lean against the porch . and ride it swiftly out into the street . 124 ext . airstream - night uncle Ted close the trailer door behind he . he stare up at the moon in the clear , starry sky with crawl dread . perspiration glisten on he forehead . the handcuffs clink in he pocket . he look nervously around the yard , up at the house . he do not see Janet watch he through the darken kitchen window . uncle Ted hurry off over the creek into the heavy wood . 125 int . kitchen - harrison house ~ night Janet rise from the table , grab the flashlight . a think strike she , and she go to the cabinet above the refrigerator . she take down a box and open it . Inside , a ( continued ) 121 122 123 124 125 rev : 4/19/96 ( p ) 125 continued : 125 .38 revolver and a box of bullet . Janet consider take the gun , then decline , put it back . Janet go out the kitchen door . she head after uncle Ted across the yard and into the tall pine tree . she switch on she flashlight . 126 _ ext . wood - night 126 Janet train the flashlight beam through the heavy , fog - lace branch of the big pine . her face be eerily underlit by the torch . she move cautiously through the tree , look this way and that for uncle Ted . no sign of he . Mom move on . deeper into the huge forest . 127 . ext . STREET - night be 127 the fleeting figure on he bicycle whizhes across the intersection . brett ride in and out of traffic and wheel onto the sidewalk . BRETT hold on , boy . brett ride towards a ugly concrete bunker of a building at the end of the street . 128 ext . pound - night 128 brett 's bike whip by a sign that say " CITY pound . " he ride he bike to the lock gate . the little boy dismount he bike , and tug on the padlock . 129 . ext . wood - night 129 the thick row of pine in the hover mist . the dull glimmer of a flashlight against the ground . Janet steal quietly through the undergrowth , search the shadowy tree trunk of the forest for uncle Ted . Janet hear a rustling . she brushes aside some branch . revi4/l/syo ( do ) 130 - int .-- clearing - wood - night ao . . the moon shine over the silvery landscape . Janet look through the branch to see a dimly light human silhouette in . the middle of the large clear . uncle Ted be look at the moon and examine the trunk of a lone tree . Mom 's foot step on a twig . it snap loudly . uncle Ted spin around . spot Janet immediately . a laugh and a deep growl come from he throat . uncle ted ahhhh , company ! company ! just what I come here to get away from ! who be it -- sis ? be that you ? Janet step forward and shine the light in she own face . janet - yeah , it 's I ... what 's up , Ted ? uncle Ted again emit . the strange , growl - like laugh as he turn to face Janet . —~ uncle ted so! play Nancy Drew , be we , sis ? Ted 's voice be distorting gruffly . uncle ted well , you have catch I at a awkward moment . I be just about to ... growl . uncle ted about to ... restrain myself . uncle Ted look down at the handcuffs he be hold and slowly shake he head . he dangle the handcuffs from he : finger . uncle ted but now that you be here , that might be ... somewhat pointless . janet you be go to come clean with I right now . ~~ ( continued ) 130 * rev:4/19/96 ( p ) ysa . 130 continued : Ted sigh . uncle ted I think family love would save I . I be wrong . he shrug ironically . uncle ted but hey , we all make mistake . you send thor to the pound . Janet shine the flashlight in she brother 's darken face . . uncle ted I warn you , Janet . I tell youl . should not be here . I tell you I should leave . but you would not let I . you have to play big sister . you just have to be right . you always have to be right . this time you be wrong . you should have listen to the dog , sis . he be tryin ' to protect you . ' janet what be you talk about ? ( continued ) 130 rev : 4/19/96 ( p ) pte 130 continued : ( 2 ) Janet unwisely take a step closer and shine the flashlight on uncle Ted 's face ... it be matte with a growth of beard . uncle ted I be talk about ... Ted lose he train of think . thinks hard . uncle ted I be talk about ... his bloodshot eye beam . he remember . uncle ted lust ! yes , yes , lust , that be what I be talk about ! " the Moon be a harsh mistress . " ever hear that before , sis ? . janet yes . uncle ted well , you do not know the half of it ! you do not know what a harsh mistress be ! you can't know , because you don't know lust ! I know lust , Janet ! I know the lust of the moon , and what it do , and what it demand ! and I serve that lust ! I be the moon 's servant ! I be she indenture servant , sis ! get it ? indenture servant ! uncle Ted laugh horribly . Janet watch in horrible fascination as the schizophrenic man seem to go through some kind of inner struggle . become suddenly penitent . uncle ted I feel sorry afterward , you know , when the moon be go and the sun be out ... I really do , sis , and it 's important to I that you believe that ... but when the moon call , as she 's call now , I answer ! janet ted i'm taking you to the hospital ! you 're go with I right now ! uncle Ted look up at the moon . ( continued ) 130 ome hee ver 130 continued : ( 3 ) uncle ted handcuffs ... he hold the handcuffs up in the moonlight . uncle ted I be go to use this -- on myself ! can you believe that ? uncle Ted 's face reflect another inner struggle . his whole body convulse suddenly , like he be about to throw up . then he straighten up and smile horribly . uncle ted but not now . they be suppose to keep people from find out about my ... private affair with my mistress . but you already know , do not you ? janet t- Ted . let 's go to the hospital . there 's one close by , and we can get you to a doctor and -- uncle ted yes , you do . handcuffs win ' t keep my little secret anymore . Janet keep she distance , transfix to the spot . uncle ted come closer , sis . take a good look at my secret . you have come this far , come a little closer . Janet stay put . uncle ted what 's 'a matter ? you do not wanna know my little secret after all ? get cold foot , you stupid bitch ? his speech be deteriorate with every sentence . uncle Ted look at the handcuffs in he hairy hand one last time , snort , and toss they contemptuously over he shoulder . uncle ted handcuffs ? we don ' need no stinking handcuff !!! uncle Ted laugh maniacally at he own joke . Janet aim the flashlight in he face . the eerie underlight reveal black , pubic-like hair beard he cheek and forehead . ( continued ) 130 bevea 47 / 20 ( p ) 130 continued : ( 4 ) Janet recoil , like she 's have a electric shock . frighten step back . uncle ted oh , don ' go ' way , sis . thing be just zw . she take a gettin ' start . look ! Moon 's not even up alla way yet ! Janet glance over he shoulder . the moon be three quarter over the pine . janet you be out of you goddamn mind . uncle ted that 's just for starter . the moon rise full into the sky . ( continued ) 130 130 131 continued : ( 5 ) 130 uncle ted jitijijaaaaaannnnnnnneeggggghhhhhrrrroooo oocococorrrrrrrrrrr ! !! ! uncle Ted throw he head back and scream . the scream turn into a terrifying wolflike roar that split the air as the bone in he face stretch , distend , restructure , a hideous snout smash out he mouth and he tooth turn into slaver fang . his skin sprout a coat of fur as uncle Ted transform into the werewolf before Janet 's petrify eye . Janet Harrison stand in the forest , face to face with the eight - foot tall werewolf . she face off with the hideous monster , she eye luxurious with fear as she stare into its psychotic , bloodshot , saucer eye . it take a step towards she ... ext . pound - night 131 brett tug vainly on the padlock gate . then he spot a screwdriver lie by a toolkit on a worksite nearby he grab it up and try to pry the rusted padlock loose . review liy 90 ww ) 132 133 134 ext . - cage - pound - night 132 Long row of industrial cage line the outside area behind the gate . the ugly glow of the security lamp reveal dozen of pathetic , underf , unlove dog wait to die in they cage . the camera track to one cage ... thor lie listlessly , head on he paw . ext . pound - night 133 outside the gate , brett use the screwdriver to pry the padlock . it start to give . in the outside cage , the dog hear he and react . the SOUND of many dog barking . BRETT . c'mon . * he. break the padlock off . cee BRETT ~ yes ! brett open the gate . suddenly emergency light pop on . the alarm goe off . the boy react in comic panic . BRETT oh -! shit ! thor ! wincing against the ringing alarm , he urgently search the long row of cage for he pet . int / ext . thor be cage - pound - night 134 thor lift he head , reacting to the alarm . brett appear in front of he cage , with the screwdriver . thor just stare at he , then bark . BRETT thor , I be gonna get you out ! brett jam the screwdriver into the lock , but be not strong enough to crack it . put he foot against the cage , the boy break the small padlock . the door swing open . brett peer into the cage . thor sit up , confuse . he bark . ( continued ) 134 135 136 continued : 134 BRETT c'mon , thor , you be free ! thor tilt he head , confuse . thor p.o.v. : mom . janet bad dog ! BRETT we be get you out ! come on ! thor will not budge . brett grab he by the collar . he still will not budge . BRETT thor ! we gotta get you out of here ! thor blink in befuddlement . . thor p.o.v. : memory . the werewolf attacking the harrison house . uncle ted waving " bye bye " at the door . and he move . fast . thor bolt out of the cage past brett and bark urgently at he . the alarm wail . ext . pound - night 135 the german shepherd grab brett 's jacket cuff and help he out of the pound . thor wait just long enough for the kid to get on he bike . then he bolt hell for leather out into the street . brett cycle after he . thor run as fast as he paw will carry he . he be outpace the boy on he bike as he charge down the street in the direction of the house . the alarm wail . int . sheriff jenson be car - night 136 sheriff jenson be have coffee when he get a call on the radio . police radio v.o. sheriff we get a 344 in progress at the city pound . for fanmranren + 136 137 138 139 we continued : 136 the cop pick up the radio . sheriff jenson I be on it . he hit the party light and stomp on the gas . ext . " forest edge " STREET # 1 - night 137 the squad car hang a tire squealing turn around the corner . thor bolt in front of the car . sheriff jenson hit the brake . just as brett speed pedal past the car after thor . the police car chase after the boy and the dog . * ext . wood - night 138 Janet run for she life , blindly smash through the branch of the pine tree that block she way . behind she , the savage roar of the werewolf as it plunge through the forest after she . hot on she heel . Mom throw a terrify glance over she shoulder to see the huge , nightmarish creature through the tree fifty foot behind she . the wolflike roar fill the air . Janet flee through the forest . the werewolf look down at the sweatshirt and pants it wear as if notice they for the first time . it fly into a frenzy , tear the clothes off with its claw and tooth as it psychopathically pursue Janet . Mom be bath in sweat as she scramble through the undergrowth . up ahead , she see the light of the house through the tree ... werewolf p.o.v. : b&w. smashing through the tree and undergrowth , tearing and ripping apart anything in it's path as it plows through the forest like a savage machine . the harsh growling on the soundtrack ... the light of the harrison house straight ahead . ext . " forest edge " STREET # 2 - night 139 thor run down the street with tremendous grace and speed . a pass car have to dodge out of he way with a honk . thor move with single - minded purpose , racing for the house . tra nro ) 139 140 141 142 143 luu . continued : brett lag far behind on he bike . sheriff jenson pursue they in he police car , cherrytop flaring . int . sheriff jenson be car - night the cop get on the speaker . he press the mike to he face . sheriff jenson BRETT I want you and thor to stop immediately ! through the windshield , the boy pedal even faster after the sprinting dog . ext . harrison house - night + the tract home at the edge of the big pine forest , alone and unprotect in the moonlight . - Janet dash out of the forest and heave herself into -- int . kitchen - harrison house ~- night -- lock the door . janet i BRETT !!! rrrrooocooooaaarrrrr !!! the werewolf explode through the window , landing on the floor in a shower of glass . Janet leap for the cabinet above the refrigerator . with a hysterical scream , Janet snag the .38 and box of bullet and leap through the live room door into -- int . live room - harrison house -' night ~--slamming it shut on the werewolf 's talon as it snatch for she . blood squirt as the creature roar in pain . Janet throw she back against the door , but the monster be hugely powerful and its other claw smashes through the door panel in a explosion of splinter wood board . the door be knock off its hinge . tanmranen : 139 140 141 142 143 143 144 145 146 aule continued : 143 Janet go sprawling . the pistol fly from she grasp . the box of bullet spill on the floor . she snag the gun and grab a handful of shell as the werewolf hulk through the doorway and go for she . Janet scatter up the stair , sobbing in horror . the werewolf be hot on she heel . int . second floor hallway - harrison house - night 144 the werewolf charge after Janet up the stair . scream she lung out , she heave a bookcase down the step onto the monster . it roar in raging fury and shear the book to splinter and paper shaving as it hurry after she . janet BRETT !!! t Janet scramble into . she boy 's room . int . brett' bedroom - night 145 she slam the door close and shove a dresser in front of it just as the creature 's talon shatter the doorpanel . it claw out great chunks of wood , its monster roar reverberate through the house . Janet go to the bed . the boy be not there . Janet scream in terror . janet i BRETT ( I ! the werewolf claw at the door . ext . '' forest edge " STREET # 3 - night 146 thor bolt around the corner , make another car swerve with a blare of horn . he hunker down and run for he house , way up the block . Mom 's scream can already be hear . a quarter mile behind thor , brett pedal fast . the cop car close in on the boy and the dog . BRETT hurry , thor ! he pedal faster . thor be bath in sweat as he run heel over foot for the house , now barking furioqusly enough to the wake the neighborhood . they cross a intersection , go through a red light . far raTron '' 146 af 147 148 102 . continued : , 146 a truck slam on its brake , steering to avoid they . the vehicle swerve right into the path of sheriff jenson 's patrol car . the sheriff steer frantically out of the way , jump the curb . the squad car crash into a drainage ~ ditch . sheriff jenson leap out of the car and throw he hat in the dirt . thor run as fast as he paw will carry he up the cul - de - sac road towards the Harrison house , now only a hundred yard ahead . he can hear Mom 's scream . he can hear the werewolf 's roar . the dog bark in warning . and scramble onto the front lawn ... int . brett' bedroom - harrison house ~ night 147 Mom sit panic-stricken on the bed , desperately try to load the pistol she do not really know how to work . the door be lock and barricade with the dresser , but the werewolf be bloodthirsty roar fill the house and it be smash itself against the door . the wood frame be beginning to crack . thor p.o.v. : hurtling through the smashed kitchen door and up the stair onto the second floor landing where the werewolf be heaving itself bodily against brett' bedroom door . the door cave in . int . brett' bedroom - harrison house - night 148 the door splinter and the werewolf come toppling into the room and onto the floor . it quickly leap to its foot and rise to its full height above Janet cower on the bed . Mom scream hysterically . the werewolf step towards she ... thor bound into the room , leaping onto the werewolf 's back , he jaw snap at the thing 's neck . he bite a chunk out . blood spray the ceiling . janet . thor ! Janet stare in astonishment , clutching the gun . a german shepherd be a big and powerfully dangerous animal , and thor show it as he cling onto the werewolf 's back and rip he claw into the monster 's body . the creature howl and hurl thor off . not for long . thor dive with a savage snarl for the stunne werewolf 's throat . the creature dive fanamernren 148 + voe continued : 148 at he , sink its fang deep into thor 's thigh . thor whip he head around and snap at the werewolf 's face , catch its nose in he fang and tear one nostril open . the werewolf pull away with its tooth still in thor 's flesh , open a long gash in the dog 's leg . thor scramble to he foot and leap at the werewolf 's face , ready to bite any part of the beast that come within reach . the werewolf be tall and powerful , but not fast . it try to swipe at thor with its claw and get a finger severe off . the creature back into a corner and thor lunge for its ankle . the werewolf manage a wild kick in thor 's rib cage that send he fly clear across the room and bounce off awall . thor drop to the floor , stunne and hobbling . thor p.o.v. : room swimming . werewolf approaching , lip spilling mucusy saliva . werewolf p.q.v. : advancing on thor , then swivelling its head to see mom . instead of - close in for the kill , the werewolf turn and leap at Mom , who have finish load the pistol in she hand . , she be face to face with the werewolf , but she look in its eye and see the eye of she brother . Janet aim the gun point blank at the werewolf 's head but cannot bring herself to pull the trigger . janet i tedddy !!! the creature snarl and flail its arm , send the gun fly across the room . thor get to he foot as the pistol clatter to the floor and lunge at the monster . go for its ball . the werewolf swivel its hip and kick its leg , hit the german shepherd a pile driver blow to the jaw . thor crash down on a bedstand , take a lamp to the floor . the werewolf make a dash for the door , but thor snag its ankle . the creature swing around and kick he in the rib , follow with a sharp kick to thor 's head . the german shepherd 's front leg give out from under he . lure thor p.o.v. : everything go black , and out of focus . werewolf bending over he , razor teeth bare , mom behind it , thing fading out . werewolf p.o.v. : rearing over thor , its talon reaching for the fallen dog's neck . brett burst into the room . he freeze in paralyze shock when he see the real live werewolf stand five foot in front of he . the creature scoops the little boy up in its talon . it stretch its jaw on its snout to bite half of brett 's head off . ka - pow ! pow ! pow ! the werewolf suddenly rear up in anguish . Mom fire the .38 revolver into its back again and again . - janet - get the fuck off my kid !!! the werewolf drop brett on the carpet . it swing around , to face Janet , squirming from the bullet in its back . the creature be stand by the bedroom window . Janet take point blank aim between the werewolf 's eye with the gun . and squeeze the trigger . the click of a empty chamber . she 's out of bullet . her face fall as the creature lunge at she . she know she 's dead . thor 's eye narrow ... thor p.o.v. : the werewolf in front of the window . the dog snarl . and leap . thor land full body on the werewolf , take they both out the window in a explosion of glass and wood pane . 149 150 151 owe ext . harrison house - night 149 the dog and the werewolf go fly out the window in a raining debris of glass and wood . they fall two storey onto the grass with a heavy thud . they lie nearby each other , stunne and wounded . thor 's eye blink open . the werewolf , cover with blood and tear fur , stumble to its foot , lick its many wound . the german shepherd growl . and rise . the werewolf hiss weakly . spit , it stagger away from thor across the back yard . it be retreate for the wood . thor , injure himself , limp after ite , the creature make it to the creek , pick up speed . thor charge with he remain strength across he path , through the creek , and into the wood after the werewolf . ext . forest - night 150 the mortally wounded werewolf stagger aimlessly past the tree ... its dog-like haunch begin to transform back to human leg ... its extend spine beginsito return to human proportion ... its matte hair retract into its skin ... the wolf - like snout reform into a human jaw .. soon it be only the maul , bullet - ride uncle Ted stumbling through the wood . ext . wood - night 151 thor p.o.v. : nose to the trail . sniffing . the SOUND of the werewolf close at hand . thor stop . lift he head . sniff . - thor --p.o.v. : the wood wild and dense . on the soundtrack , the low , pained growling of the werewolf change , become heavy , ragged , human breathing . the thunderous heartbeat of the werewolf become weaker , smaller , human . near . very near . footstep cracking twig . thor turn he head . uncle Ted step out of the forest . his face and torso be cover with open , bleed wound . he look ready to die on the spot . uncle Ted lean against a tree for support . thor creep towards he slowly and silently , he eye lock on the man 's throat . uncle Ted stare blearily into space . he be unaware of thor 's presence . . the german shepherd inch closer in the shadow . to fifteen foot away . . uncle Ted finally see he . he chucklt nihilistically . - uncle ted . thor ! how ya doin ' , old buddy . thor stop and regards the shadowy form . they face off for a final time . . uncle ted guess I have be a bad Dog , huh ? uncle Ted lock eye with thor. i uncle ted do it . thor go for he throat . smash CUT to : 152 153 ext . harrison house - day 152 a bright , sunny day . workmen on a scaffold repair brett 's bedroom window . painter be finish the touchup by the replace kitchen door . the airstream be go . int . cellar - harrison house - day 153 Janet walk down the step . thor lie in the corner , bandage . a steak , untouched , be in front of he . he apparently have not eat for day , ahd he bone stick out . his manner be weak and listless , as if he will to live be go . : Janet crouch down beside thor . she try to stroke the german shepherd , but the dog shrink away , like a leper . janet you gotta eat , big guy . you be the man of the house , and we need you to be big and strong . thor look away , as if he feel he be not worth live . as if he wish he be never bear . Mom 's eye well up . she take a piece of the steak and try to put it to thor 's mouth , but the dog will not open he tooth . janet you save we , fella . you be we hero . I know you think you be a bad Dog because you bit a person and I always tell you that that 's what bad dog do , but this be different . Ted , he be different . he be not really a man , anymore . he be a animal , a sick animal , and he be go to hurt we . I think he know you know what he be and he ... he want you to stop he ... Janet try to force feed thor . thor will not open he mouth . Mom physically pull the dog into she arm . Janet start to cry . on the upstairs landing , brett be watch . teary eye . he come down the stair and hunker down next to Mom , by thor. ° . ( continued ) 153 continued : 153 janet I be sorry thor . tf do not understand that you be do you job and try to protect we , because just like you do not understand thing that people know , we do not understand thing that ... dog know . Mom and son huddle over they family pet . janet you be not a bad Dog , thor. you be a good Dog . do you hear I , you be a good Dog . a good Dog , thor . thor show a spark of life as he huddle in the shadow . he let Janet pat he . janet a good dog. Janet let the tear come . be . BRETT that 's a boy . good dog. brett pat the dog , and thor let they : a wave of happiness and relief sweep across the family as they huddle protectively over they dog , who whimper as they hand stroke he with they tender , familiar touch . janet good Dog ... ; thor look up . he feature have horrifically reshaped into a monstrous half -dog werewolf ! he bloodshot gaze be psychotic , anarchic ! rows of razor fang jut in a saliva -dripping snout ! Janet and brett never have time to scream . as the werewolf 's gape , salivate jaw leap at the camera and we ... smash CUT to : 154 int . live room - harrison house - night 154 Janet wake up scream from she nightmare , on the couch . janet noooooco000000000 | ! 1 brett run into the room . BRETT mommy mommy what' wrong ? 11 ! thor , perfectly normal , jump on the couch . the dog be bandage from he recent battle , as be Janet . the Workmen be repair the kitchen door . thor stand protectively over Janet and brett , lick they face . Janet relax , gratefully embrace she son , and she family dog . janet it 's okay . it 's okay . everything 's go to be okay ... fade out .