bad teacher written by Lee eisenberg &amp ; gene stupnitsky June 6 , 2008 fade in : ext . JOHN adam middle school - day to establish . a school marquee with removable plastic letter read , " good luck with final ! " a janitor open the glass and start remove the letter . int . teacher's lounge - day pop ! a Champagne cork hit the ceiling . teachers who rarely get to drink at work , jockey for position , hold out they plastic flute . ( note : female teacher outnumber male teacher 12:1 . ) principal wally snur , 40s , bald , face the teacher . he have a habit of blink hard before speak . principal snur well , it 's be another great year here at jam . who can forget Mr. pinkus ' haunt classroom ? Sandy , thank you . sandy pinkus , 40s , sport a ponytail , smile , clearly enjoy the small compliment . sandy I be not afraid of no ghost . the other teacher laugh . principal snur or the wild success of ... voice ( o.c . ) wally , can I just say one quick thing ? wally turn to amy squirrel , late 20 , cute and wholesome . any trace of sexuality she might have be wipe away by she adult pigtail . she treat student and adult alike -- like student . amy just want to remind everyone the school day 's not over . so let 's keep the drink under control , hmm ? that 's it . back to you , wally . a bunch of teacher roll they eye . principal snur thanks , Amy , ( then , back to he note ) . or the wild success of the book drive for the woman 's prison sponsor by Ms. savicki 's class ? a broad - shoulder teacher with spiky hair , ms. savicki , nod . principal snur ( cont 'd ) but now as the summer be upon we , it 's time to not only say goodbye to another school year , but to also say goodbye to a member of we faculty . ( beat ) Elizabeth , can you come up here ? elizabeth halsey , mid 20 , pretty and petite , walk up to the front . she sport a enormous diamond ring and dress slightly more cosmopolitan than the other teacher . principal snur ( cont 'd ) you have only be with we for one short year , but know that you will always be a part of the jam family . Elizabeth give principal snur a appreciative smile . the teacher lightly applaud . principal snur ( cont 'd ) and we get you a little something . wally hand Elizabeth a envelope . she open it and . pull out a gift card : boston market . $ 37 . elizabeth almost forty dollar . thank you ! principal snur why do not you say a couple word ? elizabeth okay . um ... I be not really good at this type of thing so I will make it quick . I know I have only be here a year , but there 's so much I be go to miss ... int . elizabeth' classroom - day Elizabeth sit at she desk , clean it out . she 's toss the few personal effect she have into a banker 's box . 3. elizabeth ( v.0 . ) my student , probably most of all . I be not say they be little angel , butthey be all there to learn and that ' sthe great gift a student can give a teacher . Elizabeth 's class be horsing around , enjoy the last day of seventh grade . a dim - look boy tentatively approach she desk with he yearbook in hand . he hand it to Elizabeth , who consider what to write for a beat , then smile as she sign it . int . JOHN adam middle school - hallway - day Elizabeth walk down the hall hold she box . sixth , seventh and eighth grader all race past she , run toward they summer vacation . elizabeth ( v.0 . ) and I wish that I have get to know all of you better , but between four class and plan a wedding , I have my hand full . from the little I do know about you , I know that we student be in good hand . Elizabeth pass Amy 's classroom , where she be carefully remove inspirational poster from she wall and roll they into cardboard tube . ext . JOHN adam middle school - day Three middle school burnout be smoking weed in a thicket on the outskirt of the school property . elizabeth ( v.0 . ) and I can not believe it 's all over . this year fly by . and even though I will never teach again professionally , I have realize that I do not need a blackboard and classroom to set a example . Elizabeth come up behind they . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) Hand it over . the burnout ' eye all go wide and they freeze . one of the burnout hand she the joint . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) everything . the kid look at each other and then pull out a bag with a couple of joint . they hand it over to Elizabeth . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) this be a warning . next time , I do not call the principal . I call the cop . ext . JOHN adam middle school - teacher parking lot - day Elizabeth walk to she brand new mercede . she get in , pull out a joint and light it . she take a huge toke , and then peel out of the lot . she toss she banker 's box out the window and extend she hand , give the school the finger . elizabeth ( o.s. ) woo-hoo ! a couple student look at she strangely . angle on the dim -look kid that have Elizabeth sign he yearbook . he flip to the faculty section , and by the picture of Elizabeth be she message : " you be illiterate ! " dim - looking kid ( struggle to read ) you be ... illit ... illit ... Elizabeth 's car come barrel toward he and nearly hit he . she accelerate into the speed bump , almost hit the janitor from the open shot , who 's change the plastic letter to read , " have a great summer ! " janitor slow down ! chyron : bad teacher ext . townhouse night a mercede with the vanity plate " he " be park in the driveway of a upscale neighborhood . Elizabeth 's match mercede pull into the adjacent spot . her license plate read " hers . " int . townhouse - night a bachelor pad . top of the line electronics . lot of black leather furniture . tacky , but expensive . Elizabeth pour two glass of wine and take a long sip . elizabeth ( calling ) baby doll ? MARK ( o.s. ) come ! MARK , early 30 , exit the bedroom in he underwear . he 's shave he head to avoid sign of early bald and be also a full four inch short than Elizabeth . thankfully for he , he have money . MARK ( cont 'd ) ( anxious ) hey ! that be a quick party . Elizabeth kiss Mark on the top of he head and hand he a glass . elizabeth yeah . you should have see it . what a joke . she raise she glass for a toast . he raise he . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) here 's to I never have to work again . and I owe it all to you , lover . Elizabeth take a big sip . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( flirtatious ) so I make a reservation at Ruth 's Chris , and then I book we a suite at the drake , and I think we could finish the night in " anal alley . " hmm ? something drop in the bedroom . Mark , alarmed , turn towards the door . Elizabeth brushes past he into -- int . townhouse - bedroom - continuous Elizabeth enter to find -- nothing . Mark follow she in . Elizabeth look around -- under the bed , in the closet , behind the door . MARK see ? nothing . just then , the wooden chest at the foot of the bed sneeze . Elizabeth open the latch to find sheila , 23 , dress only in a thong , scrunch in the fetal position . she stand , revealing large fake breast , and step out of the chest . elizabeth ( to MARK ) motherfucker ! elizabeth how could you do this to I ?! I be sorry . elizabeth you be buy I the biggest pair of yellow diamond earring they make ! I be talk serious blood diamond . Sheila sneeze again . bless you . elizabeth ( to sheila ) get out of my house , bitch ! MARK do not talk to she like that . elizabeth Excuse I ? I love she . Mark put he arm around Sheila . Elizabeth eye Sheila 's large breast . elizabeth you love she ? she 's a hooker . MARK sheila she 's not a hooker . I dance . Elizabeth take a deep breath . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( sweet ) listen , marky , you make a mistake . you be human . I be human . and this time it be you . maybe six month from now , you will walk in on I . I do not know , but probably . Sheila sneeze again . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) shut the fuck up . ( then , to Mark , sweet ) and. maybe I be talk crazy , but I do not want to throw away we life together over something like this . we be get marry ! I be willing to fight for we . MARK I be not . and you know why ? because Sheila love I -- and not just for my money . Sheila squeeze he shoulder . elizabeth I be sorry if I care that my future husband can support I . we do not all grow up with a silver spoon in we mouth . you can not even imagine what it 's like go to bed hungry , night after night . MARK what be you talk about ?! both you parent be cpas . elizabeth my parent work they ass off to send I to private school . do you know what it 's like drive a pontiac when everyone else get a beemer the second they menstruate ? that shit stay with you . MARK it 's over , Elizabeth . elizabeth for the record , there 's a shitload of thing that I hate about you , but I still , would have get marry . ( beat , sweet ) because I love you . MARK ( roll he eye ) I be gonna need the ring back . she grab she bag and head for the exit . Mark follow . elizabeth you sad little troll ! I hope you and you hooker enjoy chlamydia together ! MARK Elizabeth . the ring . elizabeth ( not turn around ) I be not even listen to you anymore . she start to open the door . he close it . the ring ! elizabeth like I even want you gay - ass ring . she try pull it off . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) it 's not come off . I will go to the jeweler 's tomorrow . Mark take she hand and remove the ring with ease . Elizabeth step out into the night . the door slam behind she . chyron : 3 month later ext . JOHN adam middle school - teacher parking lot - day a red 1994 Grand be with a crack windshield peel into the half - empty lot and screech to a halt . the license plate read " hers . " 9. int . JOHN adam middle school - hallway - day Elizabeth walk down the empty hall . it 's possible a person have never look less happy to be anywhere . faint soft rock play from a open door . something from inside the classroom catch Elizabeth 's eye . elizabeth ( under she breath ) you have gotta be shitting I . turn to reveal amy classroom the room have be decorate to within a inch of its life . every surface be cover with poster like " noted African - Americans , " or " Hispanic american Hall of Fame , " or " woman who dare . " a red delicious apple have be place on each student 's desk . Amy , dress casually in cargo short and texas , be try to hang a large " integrity " poster . she look over , see Elizabeth stare at she , and immediately light up . amy Elizabeth halsey , as I live and breathe ! elizabeth Amy squirrel . amy I know we barely get a chance to get to know one another last year -- what with you plan the wedding of the century and I juggling all my extra-currics -- but I just want to say that I be super excited to be across - the-hall - mate . elizabeth okay . amy and I know you kinda skate by last year , do the bare minimum thing -- you be kind of a lone wolf -- but now you be back and I just know that you be go to rededicate yourself to the task at -- Amy notice Elizabeth 's bare hand . amy ( cont 'd ) where 's you beautiful ring ? elizabeth my fiance and I break it off . I find he in bed with someone else . oh my gosh ! elizabeth it be another man . amy ( incredulous ) shut the front door ! ( motion for a hug ) somebody need a hug . elizabeth somebody do not . amy hm . another time then . Elizabeth take a apple from a desk . elizabeth ( re apple ) this wash ? amy of course . I would never serve a student unwash fruit . crunch . Elizabeth take a huge bite out of the apple . elizabeth ( mouthful ) I think the teacher get the apple . amy well , I think the student teach I at least as'much as I teach they . elizabeth stupid . Elizabeth toss the mostly uneaten apple into the trash and exit . it hit the rim and land on the floor . okey -dokey . int . elizabeth' classroom - day it 's like a asylum -- nothing on the wall . Elizabeth read from a stack of US weekly 's and circle picture of celebrity breast . lynn , late 30 , the kind of woman who spend a lot of time on she internet dating profile , but rarely get email , poke she head in . lynn oh sorry , be I interrupt ? elizabeth um -- kinda . lynn do you want to grab some lunch ? elizabeth I be in the middle of something , Lynn . my treat . elizabeth Fine . ext . kfc - day Elizabeth and Lynn sit at a outdoor table . Lynn pick at a garden salad . Elizabeth be eat a bucket of chicken and drink a large drink . she pull a bottle of cough syrup from she purse and dump it into she drink . lynn you have that thing go around , huh ? elizabeth lynn be you excited for tomorrow ? elizabeth be tomorrow Saturday ? lynn no , it 's the first day of school . elizabeth wait , I think I have a week to get my class together . lynn yeah , that be last week . elizabeth ( under she breath ) fuck my ass . lynn if you hate teach so much , why do not you just get another job ? elizabeth and do what ? sell perfume at the mall ? work at a day care center ? ( slurp she big gulp ) you know , when I first get into teach , I think I be do it for all the right reason : short hour , summer off , no accountability . lynn I love my summer . Fresh corn . mmm. elizabeth from now on , my full - time job will be find a guy who will take care of I -- lynn oh god , I pray for that -- elizabeth and that make a shit ton of money and do not ask too many question . ( lick she finger ) I spend most of my summer hang out at the bar near where the bull practice . have some fun , get some cool souvenir that I ebay , but that guy be not look to settle down . and they all wear condom . and then they take the condom with they . that 's how paranoid they be that a girl will try and get pregnant . like it 's so easy to get pregnant from a guy nutting into a condom . lynn you be gonna find someone great . elizabeth I have be think about it a lot . I mean , I figure I be like a 8 , 8.5 . but once I get my new tit , I will probably be a -- 13 . lynn you do not want to do that . you be already so pretty . elizabeth I know I be hot , Lynn , but I do not stand a chance against all that barby doll out there . Anna Nicole have it right , may she rest in peace . Lynn check she watch . lynn we should finish up . wally 's do that big orientation for teacher in the auditorium . elizabeth yeah , I be not go to that . lynn but it 's mandatory . elizabeth ( " I be so scared " ) ooohhh ... lynn yeah , I probably will not go either . I do not know I might . I will probably go , but just sit in the back . maybe leave early . maybe stay till the end . play it by ear . or just stay till the end . Lynn take both they , trays and dump they . lynn ( cont 'd ) this be fun . elizabeth yeah , it be alright . when you say you be take I to lunch , I kinda think it be go to be nicer , but this be okay . lynn sorry . elizabeth it 's okay . you can get I next time . int . elizabeth' apartment - night not much character , not many furnishings . Elizabeth be online look at a porn site . she stare at the screen and compare breast to the one in US weekly . she reach for a bong and pull a huge hit . the front door open and she roommate , kirk , early 30 , boarish and carry a tatter backpack and a Big gulp , walk quickly past Elizabeth . elizabeth hey , kirk , what do you think about I with jessica Simpson 's tit ? he stare at she chest intently . she 's not bother by it . go bigger . kirk enter he bedroom and slam the door . elizabeth cool , yeah . she glance at the clock : 3:14 am . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( under she breath ) fuck my ass . int . elizabeth' apartment - bedroom - night Elizabeth be asleep . after a beat , the alarm go off . she check the clock : 5.:15 . she groan . int . JOHN adam middle school - hallway - day first day of school excitement . the bell ring , and like rat , the kide scurry to they various class . before long , the hallway be empty . int . elizabeth' classroom - morning in one corner , chase , clearly at the top of the seventh grade food chain , show off a photo spread of herself modell in a " western - style " clothing catalogue . garrett , 12 , wear grey , stain sweatpant and a grey sweatshirt with block letter that read " gymnastics , " stare longingly at chase from a few desk away . 15 . chase the photographer be , like , sooo nice . he make I feel sooo comfortable . ( then ) I might get fly to Kansas City for they fashion week . garrett ( riveted ) oh my . chase and she friend turn to face garrett , who 's as surprised as they be that he speak . chase stalk much ? garrett quickly turn away . chase roll she eye . a angry - look kid , tristan , wear a michael vick jersey , turn to garrett . tristan ( fake sneezing ) faggot . garrett ( earnest ) bless you . tristan what would you say to I ? Elizabeth , with large bag under she eye , enter the class . Tristan , on a dime , head back to he seat . the class immediately quiet down . sasha , 12 , dress like a paralegal , walk up to Elizabeth with a large tupperware tray . sasha hi , I be sasha . it 's a pleasure to meet you . ( hand over tupperware ) my mother baked this for you . elizabeth ( not look up ) just leave they on the desk . sasha , confuse , gently put they down and stand there . after a moment , Elizabeth look up . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) you need something ? 16 . - sasha shake she head and retreat to she desk at the front of the class . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) anyone here see " stand and deliver ? " show of hand . ( off they blank stare ) no one ? Edward James olmos ? wow . Elizabeth take a dvd from she bag . she point to two kide in the front of the class . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) you and you , go grab the tv and roll it up front . ( point to sasha ) and you , go shut off the light . the two kid , shawn and spencer , roll the tv over . sasha shut off the light . sasha we be watch a movie on the first day ? chase ( to elizabeth ) I think it 's awesome . you rock . garrett I agree with chase . Elizabeth pop in the dvd . " stand and deliver , " star Edward James olmos as a tough - as-nail calculus teacher in a inner-city school begin . Elizabeth take a bite of one of sasha 's cookie and immediately spit it out . elizabeth ugh. oatmeal raisin ? she push the tupperware tray into the trash next to she desk . sasha look on , sadly . int . JOHN adam middle school - cafeteria - day lunch be in full swing . each clique have stake its own territory . several teachers , Elizabeth and Amy among they , be on lunch duty . angle on garrett , sit alone , write in a journal . Tristan , the bully , toss a bowl of cole slaw at garrett . tristan incoming ! direct hit . the cole slaw nail he in the shoulder . garrett pick some of the cole slaw off he shirt and eat it . he continue write . Amy race over to Tristan and write he up . Elizabeth watch , bored , struggle to keep she eye open . Amy head over to Elizabeth . amy somebody 's get a case of the sleepies . elizabeth amy do you see what just happen ? elizabeth yeah , that one kid hit the other kid with the cole slaw . amy you be not at the orientation the other day , but we be do something new this year . it 's very exciting . we be split the cafeteria into quadrant . Elizabeth yawn . amy ( cont 'd ) so , anyways , in order for the quadrant system to work , it 's vital that each teacher maintain order within they quadrant . because it 's really tough for I as head lunch monitor -- or another teacher -- to leave they quadrant to discipline a kid in another quadrant . I know it 's a lot to take in . I would be happy to sit with - you after school and explain all of the new guideline . elizabeth tell you what . why do not you send I a memo , and if I have any question , I will come to you . amy okay , Elizabeth . sound like a plan , Stan . 18 . amy ( cont 'd ) ( to elizabeth ) oh , I mean to ask you . do I hear that you be show a movie this morning ? elizabeth how do I know what you hear ? amy Fair enough . listen , I do not want to tell you how to run you class , but maybe it might be fun to do some ice-breaker . like " telephone charade " or " the string game . " or start do practice question for the state test . it 's never too soon to start . elizabeth be we gonna have a problem , I and you ? amy oh , shishkebob , no . if I give you that impression , I be so sorry . actually , I be really hope that we could be more than across - the-hall - mate . elizabeth I do not know what you have hear , but I do not munch box . amy no , of course not . I do not even know what that be . I just mean friend . elizabeth like get manicure and go shopping on Sunday ? shit like that ? amy yes ! yes ! and help each other out . look out for one another . elizabeth that 's cool . tell you what , friend , I be gonna get go . cover for I ? Elizabeth do not wait for a answer , walk off . amy ( nervous ) but you can not leave . lunch do not end for another ... ( look at clock ) ( more ) 19 . amy ( cont 'd ) Seven minute . who 's go to watch you quadrant ? int . amy classroom - later empty . Elizabeth look around and spot the " integrity " poster on the wall . she walk over and study it . int . JOHN adam middle school - hallway - day Elizabeth walk down the hallway with the roll up poster . she. pass a man , obviously lose , look at a map . this be scott , 30 . handsome in a wholesome way . Elizabeth walk by as he look up at she helplessly . she turn on she heel . Fresh fish . elizabeth ( very friendly ) hi there . you look a little lose . scott hi. can you tell I where room 124 be ? elizabeth I will do you one better . I will take you there . scott oh , you do not have to do that . elizabeth will you stop ? it would be my pleasure . scott thanks ! I feel like I have be walk around in circle for the last fifteen minute . ( extend hand ) Scott delacorte . I be the new sub . elizabeth Elizabeth halsey , 7th grade Language Arts . welcome , welcome . they shake hand a beat too long . Elizabeth notice Scott 's very expensive watch . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) helluva watch . what 's that -- a jaeger - lecoultre ? scott good eye ! elizabeth thanks . I love man 's watch . it 's kind of a hobby . scott it 's a bummer know my watch could feed a village for .a year , but my grandfather design it , so ... elizabeth oh ? you grandfather design watch ? scott the family business . my mom 's maiden name be jaeger . elizabeth shut up ! scott my parent have a minor meltdown when I decide to join the peace Corps and become a teacher . but they have be cool about it . Elizabeth smile and they start walk down the hall . scott ( cont 'd ) integrity . elizabeth scott ( point to poster ) .. the poster . " integrity . " what a great message for the kid . elizabeth that 's why I get it . they turn a corner . garrett wheel he backpack past they . garrett hey , Ms. halsey ! elizabeth hey ... dude ... she slap he five . Scott notice , smile . 21 . scott man , I can not wait for the day that I have my own classroom . elizabeth yeah ... so do you and you wife just move to town ? scott I be not marry . elizabeth I neither . I be engage until I walk in on my fiance cheating on I . with he brother . scott that 's horrible ! ( noticing ) ooh , 124 ! this be I . elizabeth Nice to meet you , Scott delacourte . hopefully , we will be see a lot of each other . scott ( half - joking ) only if a teacher get sick . great meeting you , Elizabeth halsey . he head into the room . Elizabeth cock she head , check out he ass as the door close . elizabeth ( to herself ) very nice meeting you . close on a pair of perfect fake breast . a hand cup they from underneath . pull back to reveal dr . vogel , 40s , and he receptionist , danni , probably in she 40s , with she shirt off . Elizabeth watch , rapt . dr . vogel as you can see , the weight be evenly distribute and there 's minimal scarring . danni ( tah dah ) Dr. Vogel . dr . vogel ( hold out he hand ) " best hand in Chicago . " elizabeth dr . vogel absolutely . take they for a spin . Elizabeth reach out , squeeze danni 's breast . elizabeth wow . and the nipple be just ... I love they . I will take two . they all laugh . Elizabeth notice Dr. Vogel '.s watch . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) maurice lacroix . that 's a great watch . elizabeth ( curious ) and how 's that go ? dr . vogel she 's my rock . ( then ) alright , thanks , danni . danni put she bra and blouse back on and exit . dr . vogel ( cont 'd ) so , Elizabeth , have you give any think to size ? elizabeth I be think , you know , maybe a D. dr . vogel ijh huh , uh huh . I , would say , though , with you frame , you might consider something smaller . a large B , maybe a C cup . you would be surprised how significant that would look . elizabeth hmm . yeah , I think I will go with the D 's , really turn some head . 23 . dr . vogel you know , Elizabeth , breast enhancement 's not a cure - all . I just want to make sure you have realistic expectation . elizabeth Doctor , I lose my fiance to a woman with monster fake tit . so now I need monster fake tit so that I will not lose my next fiance . that be my expectation . be that realistic enough for you ? dr . vogel very good then . int . dr . vogel' office - reception area - day Elizabeth lean over the counter and grab a mint from a small bowl . danni sit behind she desk wear a headset . danni so you will be off you foot for about two week ... what work for you ? elizabeth let 's do December 19th . start of winter break . danni the 19th it be . so the total be $ 9300 for the surgery plus one night stay at we facility . how would you like to pay ? Elizabeth laugh . danni laugh . elizabeth that 's absurd . what if I do not spend the night at you facility ? danni the night 's include in the price . do you not read we literature ? elizabeth no . a middle - aged doctor walk by . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( flirtatious , to doctor ) hi ... ( then , back to danni ) listen , I be a teacher , not a drug dealer . 24 . danni we accept all major credit card . elizabeth my credit situation be complicated . danni I be sorry , but if you can not pay , I can not schedule the appointment . ( leaning in ) you know , there be less expensive option . have you look into South America ? elizabeth I will be back . Elizabeth dramatically scoops a handful of mint from the bowl and storm out . int . elizabeth' apartment - night Elizabeth , she cell phone cradle to she ear , pull a lean cuisine out of a freezer stocked with they . elizabeth ( on phone ) look , I just really need some money . it 's , for a surgery I need . Elizabeth poke hole in the lean cuisine with a knife and turn on the microwave . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( on phone ) yes , as a matter of fact , it be about my breast , dad . ( beat ) sorry . happy belate birthday . so , can you wire I some money or not ? ext . suburban home - night Elizabeth walk up a driveway and look around . elizabeth ( on phone , whisper ) so I will not beat around the bush , grammy . she pull the kitchen knife from she bag and slashes the back tire of a late- model camry . 25 . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( on phone , whisper ) I be die and I need money for surgery . really ? nothing ? do not you get social security or something ? Elizabeth go around to another tire . slash . int . elizabeth' apartment - later Elizabeth be still on the phone . close on she computer screen . her check account balance : $ 45.66 . elizabeth ( into phone , lose patience ) listen , limpdick , you owe I for break off the engagement . do you know how embarrassing that be ?! ( beat ) lover , I do not want to fight . it 's just 10000 dollar and it would really mean the world to I . lover ? you there ? Elizabeth hurl she phone at the wall . it smashes . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) Fucking troll ! kirk poke he head out of he bedroom . kirk do you call my name ? elizabeth no . I say ' fuck troll . ' kirk oh , I think you say kirk . he turn and head back in to he room . elizabeth hey , you get ten grand ? kirk nope . kirk close he door . after a beat , he open it . kirk ( cont 'd ) also , I might be a little short on the rent this month . like , a lot short . he close he door . the microwave beeps . dinner 's ready . int . teacher's lounge - day Elizabeth and Lynn speak in hushed voice in the corner by a vend machine . Amy grade papers on a ratty - look couch . she glance up at Elizabeth and Lynn . lynn I do not know . that 's a lot of money . elizabeth I know . and I hate ask a friend for money -- especially as good a friend as you . this have its desire effect on Lynn . lynn maybe I could sell that jewelry my grandmother give I ? elizabeth that turquoise crap ? blech . no one 's buy that . ( then , catch herself ) but it look great on you . lynn thanks . what about Mark ? elizabeth what type of person do you think I be ?! that assbag cheat on I . do I ever tell you that he have a mole on the tip of he dick ? elizabeth I be just try to better myself . I do not think that 's ask for so much . Amy walk over . amy ' scuse , I . just gonna scooch in here . she drop quarter into the vend machine , but do not bother select a item . this be clearly she " in . " she turn to Elizabeth and Lynn . amy ( cont 'd ) sooo ... I know it 's none of my business , but I could not help but overhear you conversation and I just want to say , that you should not change a thing . you should be happy with the way you be . that 's true . elizabeth huh . well , do you think mental retard should be happy with the way they be ? Amy stammer . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) Lynn , you teach they . what do you think ? lynn ( considering ) I have never ask they . amy I would never -- elizabeth we do not all have you tit , squirrel . so maybe you should think before you interrupt a private conversation . amy I guess that 's what you get for try to help ... Amy push the coin release on the vend machine and take back she change without get a drink . Amy head back to the couch . elizabeth that 's right . walk away . ( then , notice ) - there he be ! Scott enter . all of the female teacher light up . there he be ! amy well , look what the cat drag in ! scott I wish it be under better circumstance . stu riley 's car be vandalize last night . right in he driveway . amy gang member , probably . scott ( quiet resignation ) the public school system fail they . Elizabeth and Amy nod vigorously . int . JOHN adam middle school - hallway - day a empty hallway . joe clark ( v.0 . ) so forget about the way it use to be . this be not a damn democracy ! we be in a state of emergency and my word be law ! there 's only one boss around here , and that 's I . the hnic . int . elizabeth' classroom - day the class be watch " lean on I , " with Morgan Freeman as a tough - as-nail principal in a inner-city school . Amy 's " integrity " poster now hang above the tv . mr. o'malley ( on tv ) hnic ? ms. levias ( on tv ) head nigger in charge . the bell ring . elizabeth we will pick this up again tomorrow . the student shuffle out . garrett hustle after chase . garrett quite a film , huh ? chase give he a weird look and then exit with she friend . sasha linger by Elizabeth 's desk . 29 . elizabeth ( without look up ) what . sasha I be a student leader for the D.C. trip -- elizabeth shocker . sasha and we be have we car wash this weekend . if you be around , maybe we could wash you car . elizabeth I have get some mexican who already do it for nothing . sasha it 's for a good cause . this year , we be try to get some extra money so that we can go on a duck Tour ! she hand Elizabeth a flyer . Elizabeth glance at it . sasha ( cont 'd ) ( shrug ) last year 's seventh grade raise $ 6000 . elizabeth ( suddenly interested ) $ 6000 ? int . j.a.m.s. - administration bullpen - day Elizabeth walk past the school secretary toward the principal 's office . school secretary you can not go in there . he 's with a student . Elizabeth ignore she , adjust she blouse , and enter . int . j.a.m.s. - principal snur' office - day the office be decorate with a dolphin motif . figurine , a picture of principal snur kissing a dolphin . dolphin calendar . this guy love dolphin . principal snur sit next to arkady , a small pale kid . 30 . principal snur if you do not like to get wet , arkady , you could try use deodorant , anti- . perspirant , maybe some cologne . I know a lot of the older boy be wear the body spray . arkady ( broken english ) bodish spray . Elizabeth enter and immediately recoil from the smell . elizabeth blugh ! arkady and principal snur both look up . he hold up he finger -- " one minute . " Elizabeth notice he cheap dolphin watch . principal snur so why do not you think about that and I will let you teacher know that you be work on it ? arkady nod and quickly exit . elizabeth sorry , I do not realize you be in with anyone . principal snur we be just finish up . Elizabeth , I actually mean to talk to you . do I hear that you be show movie all last week ? elizabeth um ... some clip , maybe . I think in a lot , of way , movie be the new book . principal snur huh . Elizabeth try a different tact . she pick up a dolphin- shape clock from the desk . elizabeth be this new ? I love it ! I think dolphin be smarter than human . principal snur I too ! and if you like that , you will love this . 31 . principal snur pull out a " adopt-a - dolphin " certificate . principal snur ( cont`d ) he life in the Cayman Islands . elizabeth what a great story . principal snur visibly relax . he 's sit across from a kindre spirit . principal snur so what else be new ? elizabeth actually , I be think that I want to get more involved . principal snur what a nice surprise . elizabeth specifically , I think I could supervise the car wash . principal snur Amy 's be run it the last two year ... elizabeth she just do so much . it might be nice to give she a little rest . especially that early on a Saturday . principal snur I be so happy that you be dedicate yourself and become a real member of the jam family . elizabeth it just feel so good to help . match CUT to : int . j.a.m.s. - principal snur' office - day Amy stand in the door where Elizabeth be just stand . principal snur be behind he desk . amy Elizabeth ?! for the seventh grade carwash ? that 's bonker ! 32 . Amy immediately regret say " bonker . " amy ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I do not mean to blow my stack . principal snur I just think it be nice to see some other teacher step up . amy we raise over $ 6000 last year . that 's a record . be this really the best time to start experiment ? principal snur Amy , I see you take on a.lot of responsibility , what with direct " Annie " and all you work with d.a.r.e. I would just hate to see you get overwhelm like you do in 2004 . she stare at he -- clearly , this be a touchy subject . amy of course . well , I should skedaddle . look like someone need to plan a Saturday morning bike ride . she turn on she heel and walk out . int . elizabeth' apartment - bedroom - dawn Elizabeth be asleep . her alarm go off . it 's 5:45 am . she open she eye , see the time , consider for a beat , then hit snooze . she close she eye . - after a beat , the alarm go off again . she hit snooze . Quick cut . Elizabeth hit the snooze button every nine minute until 8:45 . she stare at the clock . ext . teacher's parking lot - morning garrett stand at the school entrance , hold a giant cardboard sign that read " car wash " as a few car pull in . chase , and the other popular girl , be dress in seventh - grade sexy -- they have tie off they shirt . the boy run around spraying each other , but mostly spraying garrett . garrett laugh , mistakenly think that he 's part of the fun . garrett oh , I be gonna get you guy ! a couple of parent chaperone stand in small cluster . Tristan , the bully , cock he arm and aim a soapy sponge at garrett . tristan ( noticing something ) whoa . the camera follows Tristan 's gaze . elizabeth step out of she car . she 's wear high heel , daisy duke and a bikini top . she look both spectacular and ridiculous . a couple of parent look over at Elizabeth , in shock . elizabeth ( call to Parents ) sorry I be late . mother ( to other parent ) I be go to say something about she outfit . the mother vigorously nod in agreement . a dad pipe in . dad ( stare hard at Elizabeth ) well , if it help raise money ... the other dad vigorously nod in agreement . begin car wash montage : -- Elizabeth hold the " carwash " sign . a line of car form . a older man in a immaculately clean cadillac , roll down he window and hand she money . -- Elizabeth wash in slo mo , shake out she hair as she get wet . the boy and they father stare at she . -- the girl try to mimic Elizabeth 's seductive behavior . they mother run over and pull they away . -- the older man in the cadillac come back to have he car re-wash . end montage 34 . ext . teacher's parking lot - later the carwash be wrapping up . Elizabeth count money at a makeshift table and put the earning into a metal lockbox . she glance around and then shove a large clump of cash into she daisy duke . voice ( o.s. ) what be you do ? Elizabeth look up and see sasha hide behind a truck , clearly spying . elizabeth nothing . get out of here , dummy . sasha be you steal we money ? elizabeth how dare you ?! I be here early on a Saturday for you guy . and for the record , nobody like a tattle tale . sasha I have not tattled . yet . elizabeth good . Cause if you do , I will deny it and flunk you ass . how will that look on you resume ? sasha ( tear up ) I do not say I would say anything . elizabeth alright then . now beat it . I have gotta finish count this money . sasha walk off . Elizabeth pick up a hose and spray she . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) see you Monday ! Elizabeth wave to sasha's mother , who eagerly wave back . angle on any , across the street , watch through binocular . she 's straddle she bike and be wear a helmet and a sheen of recently - apply suntan lotion . she take a sip from she camelbak , and pedal away . 35 . int . elizabeth' apartment - bedroom - night close on a fish bowl with a crude sign that read " New tit . " Elizabeth drop in fistful of crumpled cash and then write in a notebook : $ 1300 . int . JOHN adam middle school - hallway - day Amy walk down the hall . she see principal snur slip into the bathroom . Amy walk up to the men' faculty bathroom door and wait . the bell ring . amy shishkebob . she hesitates a beat and then enter . int . j.a.m.s. - men' faculty bathroom - day wally be in a stall read a brochure for a dolphin tour . principal :snur ( to himself ) amazing . amy ( o.s. ) wally ? be you in here ? it 's Amy squirrel . he instinctively cover himself with the brochure . principal snur Amy ? what be you do ? get out ! intercut with : Amy stand inside . she scrunches she nose at the smell . amy this will just take a sec . I think you might want to know that Elizabeth halsey show up at the carwash in a bikini top and short -short . it be pretty racy stuff . principal snur ( thru stall ) can we talk about this later ? amy ( quote some adage ) " later we will all die , say the gator to the fly . " 36 . another teacher walk past Amy , look confuse . he hesitates and then go into a adjoin stall . principal snur look , josh gershman 's dad call and say that the carwash be a huge success . and lauren rissman 's dad call and say the kid have a great time . amy I do not want to speak out of school , but I happen to be pedall by and see she get . pretty chummy with the money . , and remember , we barely know anything about she . she be a real lone wolf last year . principal snur be you accuse Elizabeth of embezzle from the seventh grade car wash ? amy something about this do not pass the smell test , wally . principal snur well , they raise over $ 7000 , so whatever she do work . and next time you accuse a fellow teacher of steal , you better be damn sure . we be do here . Amy take a deep breath . her face be beet red . amy thanks for the pep talk . have a super day , you two . Amy exit . immediately , there be a immense eruption from the other stall , follow by a sigh . male teacher ( o.s. ) ( in stall ) Christ ... I think she be never go to leave . int . teacher's lounge - day Sandy , the math teacher with the ponytail , sit at the table grade papers . another teacher doze in the corner . elizabeth ( enter , very friendly ) hey ! be that new Doc marten 's ? Sandy look behind he at the doze teacher . " be she talk to I ? " guilty . elizabeth how 's period 5 ? sandy great , thanks for ask . we get a new bassist and we finally get a regular gig , which be nice because it 's earn . it 's time to show the world that a bunch of teacher can really rock out . elizabeth awesome ! ( then ) hey , would you mind grab I my yogurt from the fridge ? sure thing . Sandy go to the fridge . Elizabeth pull visine from she bag , and as he head go into the fridge , she squirt the entire container into he coffee mug . sandy ( cont 'd ) you should come to one of we show . he hand she the yogurt . elizabeth oh , I can not . Elizabeth exit . Sandy sadly take a sip of he coffee . sandy I do not even tell you the date . int . elizabeth' classroom - day Elizabeth 's class be seat . they be stare at she , wait for she to begin . chase be we start " School tye " today ? Elizabeth hold up she finger while she finish read a national geographic . 38 . the camera angle to show that she be study a picture of a topless african tribeswoman with large breast . after a beat , Elizabeth look up . elizabeth alright , today , we be start " School tye . " classic . ( then , point to a Student ) you , shut off the light . Elizabeth go to the dvd player . there 's a knock at the door and the school secretary walk in hold a box . she hand it to a confuse Elizabeth . school secretary here it be . good luck . elizabeth here what be ? school secretary it 's the pre-test for the state standardize test . it be in the memo . elizabeth oh , yes . in the memo . the Secretary leave . Elizabeth stare at the box . Tristan and . a couple kid start make farting noise with they hand . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) hey . Zip it . Zip you shit . ( then ) alright , look , we all know this test be gay -- Elizabeth turn to a student who could be gay . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) hey . Elizabeth pass the box to the front of the class , where the kid dutifully take scan-tron and test booklet . elizabeth .( cont 'd ) ( then , read ) accord to this memo , I be suppose to give you forty - five minute per section . blah blah blah . clear you desk , pencil out and -- begin ! twenty - five pencil hit paper in unison . 39 . Elizabeth take the tv and swivel it to face she desk . she turn on the movie , turn down the volume ( just a little bit ) and recline . int . JOHN adam middle school - cafeteria - day chase and another popular girl strut across the cafeteria , arm in arm . a third popular girl , save a table , wave they over . chase and she friend walk right past the girl like she do not exist and take a seat with a bunch of other girl . elizabeth ( o.s. ) ( marvelling ) Little bitch . turn to reveal Elizabeth and Lynn on lunch duty . the girl at the table start bawling . Amy , also on duty , race over to console she . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) what a phony . lynn Major phony . but she also care a lot , too . ( then ) so what 's go on with you boob ? elizabeth shit . shit be go on with my boob . I be never gonna get marry . I be gonna die break . I should just blow my brain out . ( then , lighting up ) there he be ! Scott walk down the ramp and high - five a bunch of kid . he give they a big wave . lynn I love how he eye sparkle when he smile . elizabeth I want to sit on he face . scott hey , guy . elizabeth you be really make a habit out of this . 40 . scott ha , yeah . actually , Sandy pinkus in the math department , I guess he get that stomach bug that 's be go around and I get the call . lynn I hear he poope himself in first period . a kid have to walk he to the nurse . elizabeth Lynn , would you mind grab I a milk ? Elizabeth give she a " can you get out of here ? " look . lynn Scott , do you want anything ? scott I be good , thanks for ask . Lynn walk off . elizabeth so , Scott -- Lynn come back . lynn sorry , what kind of milk do you want ? skim ? Whole ? 2 % ? chocolate ? elizabeth I do not know . surprise I . lynn okay , I will get you skim . no , no , 2 % . Lynn walk off again . elizabeth she 's funny . Elizabeth notice Amy look at she as she continue to console the girl . Elizabeth turn back to Scott . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) so , Scott , I be think , I would love to hear about you experience in the peace Corps . I love Haiti . maybe we could go grab a drink some night . maybe tonight . scott be not it back-to-school night ? 41 . elizabeth ( news to she ) yeah , silly , I mean after . scott cool ! let 's get a group together . elizabeth yeah , definitely ! or just the two of we . Scott look around , then lower he voice . scott oh . um , listen , I be really flatter . you be one of the nicest people I have meet here . but ... I be actually see someone . elizabeth oh ? scott yeah , we have be keep it quiet . elizabeth because she 's ugly ? scott no . she 's beautiful . she 's great . she really care about the kid . it 's just ... when you be dating a co-worker ... elizabeth ( realizing ) squirrel ? Elizabeth whip around to see Amy , who 's now share a freeze yogurt with the formerly bawling girl . Amy look up , smile and give a thumb up to Elizabeth and Scott , signal that everything 's okay with the girl . Elizabeth notice Amy 's large breast strain against she blouse . she quietly seethes . scott anyway , thanks again for ask I out . I be honore . and I will take a raincheck on that group date . see ya ! Scott cross through the cafeteria . Lynn return with a four carton of milk . lynn here you go . I get you one of each . 42 . Lynn hand they to Elizabeth , who take they , drop they in the trash and storm off . ext . JOHN adam middle school - night at night , under the star , the school look peaceful , serene . int . elizabeth' classroom - night Elizabeth be up front . she 's stare , at the parent . they stare right back at she . it 's awkwardly silent for a beat too long . elizabeth hi , my name 's Elizabeth halsey . soooooo ... any question ? sasha 's mother eagerly raise she hand . Elizabeth point to she . sasha's mother hi , I be sasha 's mother . we wave to each other at the carwash . I be a little concerned with the importance you be place on movie . what about the state test ? Elizabeth point to she sign on the wall -- " do not question my Authority . " elizabeth that 's exactly what I say to my student . listen , I be a good teacher . and the school hire I because I be good at what I do . ( as the parent take this in ) and the reason you son love my class be because I inspire he . movie be one tool that I use . I also use other multimedia technique , which I be not go to get into right now . look , I could take you day by day through my entire syllabus , but that 's not how I do thing . I be not one of this stuffy teacher who 's totally by the book . I talk to the kid like they be little adult . it 's about mutual respect . so that 's my spiel , as the Jews say . ( then ) help yourselves to some delicious snack and drink in the back . class dismiss . they head to the back of the class . angle on a " refreshment " table . a lonely package of oreo rest against a pitcher of tap water . Elizabeth try to sneak out the door , but be stop by a sharply dress parent . parent # 1 Excuse I , Ms. halsey . ( extending hand ) I be Chris ' dad . from Elizabeth 's reaction , she clearly have no idea who Chris be . elizabeth Chris ... great kid -- and precocious . you must be so proud . CHRIS ' dad oh , what a relief . I just wish he grade would reflect it . elizabeth if I know Chris , he will get there . CHRIS ' dad listen , I know you have a full plate , but if you could keep a eye on Chris , my wife and I would really appreciate it . Chris ' dad shake she hand . Elizabeth open she hand , see a tightly fold hundre dollar bill . she look back up at Chris ' dad . CHRIS ' dad ( cont 'd ) ( winking ) for supplies . or whatever . jump CUT to : int . elizabeth' classroom - moment later Elizabeth stand with another set of parent . they be eat oreos and sip water . elizabeth you be chase 's parent ? great kid -- and precocious . you must be so proud . the parent beam . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) a student like that would benefit so much from some extra attention . chase's mom you think we should hire a tutor ? ( then , to chase 's dad ) I tell you . elizabeth ( conspiratorial ) I would be happy to do it myself . it 's just hard in a class of twenty - five . chase's mom oh , to be a teacher . elizabeth it 's just so hard , on my salary , have to pay for my supplies , my fiance cheat on I with he twin sister ... and , unlike a lot of this other teacher , all I truly care about be help you child learn . and as they personal tutor , I guarantee a full grade higher -- or you money back . chase 's mom take out she check book . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) make it out to " cash . " jump -.cut to : int . elizabeth' classroom - later Parents be leave the class , ad-lib " thank.you 's . " another set of parent surreptitiously hand Elizabeth some cash . a bohemian mother , melody , wear a beret , linger behind . melody Excuse I , Ms. halsey . I just want to introduce myself . I be melody . garrett 's mom . elizabeth ( eyeing beret ) Nice to meet you ... garrett 's a great kid -- and precocious . you must be so proud . 45 . melody oh , you be refer to he poetry . thank you . elizabeth you must be so proud . melody I be . so so so so so proud . so proud . elizabeth a kid like that , if I could just give some more one on one time , he would just blossom . melody I be so happy to hear you say that . would really benefit from that . elizabeth unfortunately , in a class of twenty - five ... melody ugh . class size be ridiculous . elizabeth and with the amount they pay teacher ... melody thank god you love what you do . elizabeth I guess what I be get at be , maybe you could help out by give I a little -- you know -- something something . Elizabeth offer she hand , palm up . melody stare back at she blankly . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) it 's just , it 's really tough to teach the way that I want to teach when there 's so little money . I mean , look at this place . melody you know what I be go to do for you ? melody open she pocketbook . Elizabeth smile . melody ( cont 'd ) I be go to start a letter- write campaign to the school board , to my congressman , to the mayor -- and keep write until you get what you deserve . she open she date book and write herself a note . melody ( cont 'd ) and I be write myself a reminder ! melody pull Elizabeth into a warm hug . melody ( cont 'd ) you be a saint . melody exit . Elizabeth be leave in the classroom by herself . elizabeth so long , crazy . as Elizabeth pull out the cash she just make , we hear the open beat of coolio be " gangster' paradise . " CUT to : int . j.a.m.s. - administration bullpen - day the song continue . Elizabeth poke she head in . the office be empty . she walk in , grab the " lose and found " box and exit . int . thrift store - day the song continue . Elizabeth stand across from a hippie - looking girl . the pile of " lose and found " clothes be laid out on the counter . the hippie girl hand Elizabeth some cash . int . elizabeth' apartment - bedroom - night the song continue as Elizabeth throw more money in she " New tit " jar and enter a new amount into she notebook . the new balance : $ 1473 . int . elizabeth' classroom - day " gangster 's paradise " continue and we see that the class be now watch " dangerous mind " with Michelle pfeiffer as a tough - as-nail teacher in a inner-city school . int . amy classroom - same the song continue as Amy , in she empty classroom , stand against the adjoin wall , she ear press to it . int . elizabeth' classroom - another day the song continue . the class be still watch " dangerous mind . " there 's some noise in the hall . Elizabeth pause the movie , stopping the song . she lean into the hall . elizabeth enough with the commotion ! the hallway go silent . she come back in and unpause the movie . the song come back on . int . JOHN adam middle school - hallway - day the song continue as the hallway fill with excited kid , who race down the hall and talk animatedly with friend . Elizabeth push through the center . ext . JOHN adam middle school - teacher parking lot - day the song continue . Elizabeth sit in she car . she light a joint with the cigarette lighter and deeply inhale . knock knock ! the song abruptly end . Elizabeth jump . she turn to she window , see sasha , bundle in she winter coat , wave . elizabeth ( through the window ) what do you want ? sasha motion for she to roll down the window . Elizabeth do not . sasha be that marijuana ? elizabeth it be . but it 's medicinal . Doctor give it to I . not that it 's any of you business . 48 . sasha oh , okay . feel better . ( then ) my mom and I make you holiday cookie . here . sasha pull out a tupperware container . elizabeth ( peer through window ) be that oatmeal raisin ? sasha sugar . Elizabeth consider , then manually roll down the window a crack . she grab the container and quickly close she window . Elizabeth start eat a cookie . elizabeth you have anything to drink ? sasha shake she head . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) Word to the wise : stop dress like you be run for congress . sasha I do not want to run for congress . I want to be president . elizabeth see ? that 's what I be talk about . keep say stuff like that , you be gonna get punch . you really want to be President or be that what you parent tell to be ? sasha shrug . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) you do not have to decide right now . who know ? maybe you wake up one day and decide that you love give massage and you want to be a masseuse . salary plus tip . think about it . sasha if I think about it , will I get extra credit ? elizabeth ( shake she head ) hopeless . watch you foot . 49 . Elizabeth reverse . sasha jump away from the car . Elizabeth peel out , pass the school marquee that read , " happy holiday , jammer ! see you in ' 09 ! " int . elizabeth' apartment - bedroom - day Elizabeth roll over . it 's 3:40 pm . she yawn and get out of bed . int . elizabeth' apartment - day quick cut . Elizabeth open she refrigerator . nothing except ketchup packet , mustard packet and soy sauce packet . she reach for she bong and try lighting it . once . twice . she shake the lighter . no luck . she carry the bong to the stove , turn on the stove , and try lighting it from there . no luck . elizabeth seriously ? ext . liquor store - afternoon Elizabeth walk up to the door . it 's lock . she shake the door . elizabeth seriously ? she see a homeless guy lean against the storefront . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) why 's the store close ? the homeless guy look at she strangely . homeless guy it 's Christmas . elizabeth seriously ? Elizabeth look around . the street be empty . not a person in sight . homeless guy merry Christmas ! elizabeth whatever . ( then , stop ) hey , you get a lighter ? homeless guy I do not smoke . it 's bad for you . Elizabeth walk back to she car , empty-hand . a mini - van pass . stops. reverse .. the window roll down . it 's garrett and he Mom . garrett Ms. halsey ! hey , it 's I , garrett ! melody merry Christmas , Ms. halsey ! elizabeth melody have a nice Christmas ? elizabeth melody what be you do the rest of the day ? go to see you family ? elizabeth ( unconvincing ) I be probably go to meet up with some people . we be have a big potluck , so ... Elizabeth - shuffles she foot . melody Ms. halsey . ( then , extremely maternal ) Elizabeth . would you like to have Christmas with we ? int . garrett' house - dine room - day cozy and unpretentious . fill with craft . Elizabeth sit next to melody and across from garrett , who 's wear he " gymnastics " sweatshirt , and he two aunt , both divorced . Elizabeth tear through a plate of Christmas cuisine . melody this be a real treat for garrett . he do not have a lot of friend come by the house . elizabeth I find that hard to believe . ( check watch ) listen , I hate to eat and run , but I have gotta head over to the shelter . garrett I think we could play board game ! aunt # 1 a shelter . that be so inspiring . elizabeth yeah , I love help bum . melody oh , but you have to wait for dessert . we have a real treat . elizabeth if it 's cheesecake , I will stay . melody it 's even better than cheesecake ! ( then ) garrett , why do not you run and get some of you new poetry ? garrett ( feign . embarrassment ) oh god , no one want to hear it . oh god , I be so embarrassed ! melody do not be shy , Marbles . garrett run out of the room . elizabeth if you be not really serve dessert , I be gonna have to get go . melody one poem ? if you like it , maybe you can read it to you homeless friend . int . garrett' house - live room - later garrett stand in front of Elizabeth and he family . he open he journal , clear he throat , and begin . garrett this be call " the chase , " by garrett tiara . ( reading ) xoxo / my love for you be xoxo / her hair be long and straight / be not it great ? / about she smile / that I would walk a mile for / about she personality / that make I see the best in I / and at night when we sleep / we soul lock in deep / so that when we sleep / we can stop pretend / and embrace we beautiful end . melody applaud . the aunt join in . Elizabeth clap , then get up to go . garrett shake they all off . elizabeth she sit back down . garrett we will dance we dance / we will revel in romance perchance / one glance / one dance / because together we can achieve ... ( really reach for it ) ba-lance ... thank you . he close he journal . everyone applaud . melody look to Elizabeth for a reaction . elizabeth junior like to rhyme . 53. melody Patty , Nancy , why do not you give I a hand with dessert -- give they a chance to talk about the poem . the woman exit , leave garrett and Elizabeth . elizabeth so you poem 's about that girl ? garrett chase , yeah . you get the subtext . elizabeth can I give you some advice ? garrett please . elizabeth number one , stop write poetry . two : stop read it . and three : do not set you sight so high . I mean , she 's really hot . if I be you , I would try for that chubby girl that sit up front -- the one with the tooth ? Elizabeth put she hand to show tooth go off in different direction . garrett but I like chase . elizabeth not gonna happen . look , I be that hot girl . hotter , even . and I never would have go out with a kid like you . and I be not say that to be mean . I be say it to be helpful . garrett what do you know ? you do not - even know we name . elizabeth I will tell you what I know : a kid who wear the same " gymnastics " sweatshirt three day a week be not get laid until he 's 26 . that 's what I know . garrett ( emotional ) this sweatshirt be my dad 's . it 's all he leave when he leave . 54 . elizabeth well , there 's a reason he do not pack it . garrett ( quiet , steely ) fuck you . Elizabeth pat garrett on the shoulder . elizabeth good luck be a loser . thank you mom for dinner . Elizabeth head for the door . garrett happy New Year . be you spend that alone , too , or do you want my mom to invite you over ? she give he the finger over she shoulder and leave . int . elizabeth' classroom - day the student , many tan , many with braid in they hair from they winter vacation , silently stare at Elizabeth . she look haggard . she pull out a bottle of cough syrup and take a long swig . the kid look at each other , like " what be she do ? " Elizabeth let out a lame , fake cough . elizabeth shut up . int . women' faculty bathroom - day Elizabeth be - check she makeup in the mirror . Lynn enter . her blouse have a healthy serve of vomit on it . lynn hey , welcome back . elizabeth what be that , vomit ? Lynn grab some towel and blot at the stain .. lynn yeah , and a little blood . the kid have too much sugar . ( more ) 55 . lynn ( cont 'd ) anyway , a bunch of we be go out tonight to see period 5 play . do you want to come ? elizabeth ugh. no. Elizabeth head out . Lynn , still blotting , follow she . int . JOHN adam middle school - hallway - continuous Elizabeth and Lynn bump into Scott . scott hey , guy . be you come to ' in cahoot ' tonight ? my band 's do a few song . could be fun . elizabeth um , yes ! that sound like a party . ( then , to Lynn ) Lynn , do you want to come ? lynn yes . scott we will all grab a drink ! elizabeth great . I need to get drunk . I mean , not drunk drunk . but a strong buzz . still be able to drive home . scott ( high fives she ) now we be cooking with grease ! CUT to : ext . in cahoot bar &amp ; grill - night we hear the familiar riff of shawn mullin 's " lullaby . " CUT to : int . in cahoot bar &amp ; grill - night - continuous Scott , Sandy ( with he hair down ) , a balding bass player with a yarmulke and a heavy - set drummer , be play they heart out . this be period 5 . 56 . Amy , and a couple other teacher be front and_center , groove to the music . Amy sway with she eye close . sandy ( singing ) everything 's gonna be alright / rockabye ... Scott join in , harmonize . scott rockabye , rockabye ... sandy scott bye , bye ... bye , bye ... angle on Elizabeth and Lynn at the bar . lynn be not they terrific ? Elizabeth eye-fuck Scott . she catch he eye and he quickly smile before nervously turn he attention to Amy . Elizabeth watch Amy dance in slo m0 , she breast bounce up and down . elizabeth ( stare at Amy 's breast ) they be perfect . lynn you should hear some of they original . she turn to the bartender . elizabeth two more . ( then , to Lynn ) you want anything ? lynn no thanks ... you know , I be think that if you still need that money , you should . try and go for the bonus . can not hurt . elizabeth what bonus ? lynn for the state test . ( off Elizabeth 's look ) ( more ) 57 . lynn ( cont 'd ) whichever teacher have the high scoring class get a bonus . we talk about it all the time in the faculty meeting . elizabeth how much ? lynn $ 5700 . could be good , right ? ( then ) let 's dance ! Lynn run out onto the dance floor and join Amy . drummer ( counting off ) 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ... sandy ( singing " smooth " ) man it 's a hot one / like seven inch from the midday sun ... Amy kick she shoe off , and start dance . Lynn follow suit . Elizabeth throw back she drink and exit . CUT to : int . j.a.m.s. - teacher parking lot - dawn the sun be break . int . amy car - same Amy listen to NPR as she pull into the empty parking lot . suddenly , she slam on she brake . elizabeth' car be already there . Amy put she car in park and get out . she walk over to Elizabeth 's car and feel the hood . amy cold . int . j.a.m.s. - hallway - moment later the click of Amy 's shoe echo through the empty hallway . she stop , take off she shoe . she pitter - patter down the hall to Elizabeth 's classroom and peer in . 58 . int . elizabeth' classroom - same Elizabeth be at the chalkboard , intently write question . she sense something in she periphery and look over at she window . nothing . Elizabeth go back to work . int . elizabeth' classroom - later Elizabeth wait in the doorway impatiently as the kid filter in . garrett bring up the rear , roll he backpack into class . elizabeth ( to garrett ) let 's go , sylvia plath . garrett roll he backpack over Elizabeth 's shoe .. Elizabeth wince and glare at garrett . the rest of the class enter , stop , notice work packet on each of they desk . chase ( looking around ) where 's the tv ? elizabeth ( all business ) everyone , take you seat . shawn turn to Spencer . shawn what do you think 's go on ? Spencer shrug . elizabeth come on , come on . we have a lot to cover so sit down . the class , still confuse , quickly take they seat . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) alright then . now . open you to' kill a mockingbird to page one . the kid slowly take out they book . we hear the distinct sound of twenty - five book spine crack as they be open for the first time . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( check she note ) good . now , who can tell I why jem cry when the hole in the tree be fill with cement ? anyone ? garrett because she 's a cry baby . the kid chuckle . chase look back at garrett . elizabeth ( to garrett ) get out . garrett click up the handle on he bag and head for the door . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) we be here to learn . anyone else have a problem with that ? good . so who have the answer to my question ? everyone look down . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) nobody 's read this book ? it 's on the syllabus . sasha ( raise hand and answer ) you never assign it to we . elizabeth well , now I be . and we be have a quiz tomorrow . panic . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) on the first hundred page . pandemonium . sasha you can not do that ! I have band and jazz band tonight ! shawn we have not have homework all year ! elizabeth hey ! Zip you shit ! we have fall behind , and honestly , you practice test score suck ball -- which be embarrassing to I both on a personal level and as a educator . ( beat ) thing be about to change . recess be over . int . elizabeth' apartment - night Elizabeth read to kill a mockingbird and highlight like crazy . she stop , take a hit from she bong , and continue . her roommate , kirk , enter through the front door , sip from a Big gulp . elizabeth do you get my cool ranch ? he toss she a bag of chip . kirk you owe I two buck .. kirk walk into he room and close the door . int . elizabeth' classroom - day Elizabeth pace . she have a book of sticker in she hand . elizabeth okay , now , what be the significance of the mockingbird in the novel ? what be harper Lee try to tell we ? no one raise they hand . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( surprisingly supportive ) come on , you guy know this . this be as close to real teach as we have see from Elizabeth . sasha raise she hand . we see that she already have two gold star sticker on she forehead . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( roll she eye ) anyone else ? chase raise she hand . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) chase it 's a symbol for , um , equality ? Elizabeth put a sticker on chase 's forehead . elizabeth okay , good . can anyone add to what that girl say ? jump CUT to : int . elizabeth' classroom - another day the desk have be arrange into a makeshift courtroom . Spencer preside as the judge . chase and shawn be the prosecutor . garrett be dress like boo radley . Tristan , the bully , address the rest of the class -- the " jury . " everyone be clearly into the exercise . reveal principal snur , clad in a dolphin tie , watch from the back of the class . tristan lady and gentlemen of the jury , you have hear the " fact , " but come on , you know I . I be atticus finch , baby ! the class laugh . tristan ( cont 'd ) come on , seriously . you be gonna side with chase and shawn over I ? elizabeth use example from the book . spencer it do not matter what race the defendant be . you have just gotta look at the fact -. Elizabeth nod in agreement . the bell ring . elizabeth good work today . and do not forget to leave you close statement on my desk . the student all dutifully drop off they papers , place they in a neat stack next to other ungrade paper . principal snur exit , give Elizabeth a thumb up . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( calling after ) Love the tie ! int . teacher's lounge - day Scott and Amy share a bag of trail mix . Sandy read a Jerry Garcia biography . Lynn grade . papers . amy so , you know how I hate to gossip , but I hear that one of the custodian walk in on Omar -- you know , that Arabic boy -- give ... ( whisper ) oral sex to matty feldstein after swim practice in the boy 's locker room . sandy it just start young and young . lynn ( earnest ) it 's nice to finally see the Jews and the Arabs get along . Elizabeth enter . Scott look up and smile . scott hey , Ms. halsey . amy you shirt 's mis-buttone . her shirt 's mis-buttone . elizabeth ( looking down ) oh shit . hold on . Elizabeth turn away from they and start rebuttone . Sandy try to sneak a peek . Scott shoot he a dirty look . Sandy give a innocent shrug . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( grab yogurt from fridge ) I have just be such a mess the last few day . work myself to the bone . 63. amy yeah , it 's be quite a change . scott . well , I think it 's great . some teacher just sail by , do the bare minimum . it 's good to know there be still some actual educator out there . Elizabeth smile for Scott , like , " you get I . " elizabeth well , I should get go . Nice see all of you . Amy and Elizabeth smile thinly at one another . Elizabeth squeeze Scott 's shoulder as she exit . Amy notice . scott ( re elizabeth ) what a good egg . int . JOHN adam middle school - auditorium - later Amy and sasha sit in the empty auditorium . sasha be dress as little orphan annie , include the red wig . " Student stagehand construct a set . amy what else , sasha ? sasha I do not know . I tell you about the car wash money . amy I can not prove that . what else ? sasha I think I have tell you everything . amy and no more movie in class ? sasha no , we be actually learn . do you know that Animal farm be not even really about animal -- amy ( snapping ) Animal farm ?! that 's not even on the syllabus ! ( more ) 64 . amy ( cont 'd ) ( then , collect herself ) I know you be forget something . do you want extra credit on you diorama or not ? sasha I want it ! let I think ... oh there be ... never mind . amy what ? sasha it be okay . it be medicinal . amy wait . hold you horse . what be medicinal ? sasha Ms. halsey be smoking in she car , but she tell I she doctor prescribe it . amy ( to herself ) Holy guacamole . CUT to : int . JOHN adam middle school - hallway - day slo mo . two scary - look german shepherd , they tooth bare , pull two police officer down the hall . police officer # 1 ( to german shepherd , coax ) come on , axel , what do you smell , boy ? the Police officer continue the search . they lead the dog up against locker and knock on class door . Amy and principal snur watch from the end of the hallway . principal snur ( to amy ) you better be right about this -- or I be go to be get a lot of panicked call from parent . amy trust I , wally . my kid in d.a.r.e. tell I everything and there be drug in this school . and not just the student . some of the female teacher . 65 . int . elizabeth' classroom - the next day the class be split up into mini-section of four desk each . the student be quietly and dutifully work . as Elizabeth read papers and grade they , we hear the various student 's voice . tristan ( v.0 . ) atticus finch be a good lawer because he 's a good person whose a layer . Elizabeth look at Tristan . as she write , we hear -- elizabeth ( v.0 . ) proofread . jump CUT to : quick cut . Elizabeth grade another paper . she 's grow more agitate and be now feverishly write . elizabeth ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) wrong !!! elizabeth ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) be this English ? elizabeth ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) be you fuck kid I ? Elizabeth cross out with one line , so it 's clearly visible beneath . from out in the hallway , we hear the loud , aggressive barking of the dog . Tristan run to the door and peek out . spencer whoa . drug dog . cool . elizabeth sit down . Elizabeth race to the window . elizabeth' Pov the Police officer and the dog enter the classroom next to hers . Elizabeth glance back at she pocketbook . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( under she breath ) ball . she race back to she desk . 66 . elizabeth ( cont 'd keep read . Elizabeth take she seat and lean under she desk , obscure she from she class . she open she pocketbook and pull out a cigarette case . she pop it open and we see three neatly roll joint . without hesitation , Elizabeth pop the first one into she mouth and start chew vigorously . as she. make she way through the second and then the third , the chew become slower and the barking become louder and louder . Elizabeth start choking as the door open and the Police Officer and the german shepherd enter , follow by principal snur and Amy . principal snur Elizabeth , sorry to bother you . this will only take a second . Elizabeth , . still choke , dig into she purse . she grab she cough syrup and take a huge swig . Elizabeth wipe she mouth , breathes normally . elizabeth sorry . I have something catch in my throat . the german shepherd continue bark . police officer # 1 what be it , axel ? where be it , boy ? the Dog come bound at Elizabeth . Elizabeth 's eye go wide . Amy lick she lip . the Dog sideswipe Elizabeth , almost knock she over , and jump onto garrett . garrett ahhh !!! the' Police Officer start rummage through garrett 's bag and pull out a open bag of corn chip . police officer # 1 ( hold up corn chip ) all clear . Dog must have respond to this . happens . Elizabeth glare at Amy -- " I know you be behind this . " Amy glare back . principal snur look at Amy and shake he head . amy ( grasp at straw , to garrett ) even though that be not drug , junk food be still contraband . that 's detention , buster . principal snur enough , Amy . I think it 's time we call off this witch-hunt . elizabeth ( pointedly to Amy ) thank you , principal snur . now if you ' will excuse I , my class have a state test to prepare for . principal snur , Amy and the Police Officer exit . Elizabeth slump down into she chair , and all at once , the combination of weed and cough syrup hit her . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) whoa . chase be you okay , Ms. halsey ? Elizabeth take a long beat before answer . elizabeth class dismiss . sasha but the bell do not ring . elizabeth get out of my face . ( then , to garrett ) and leave the corn chip . the class uncertainly gather they thing and head out . from outside Elizabeth 's window , we see the school buss idling curbside . Elizabeth stare at the papers she still need to grade . the papers stare back at she . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( to no one ) but first , a nap . dissolve to : int . elizabeth' classroom - night Elizabeth be asleep at she desk . she wake with a jolt . a paper be stick to she face . she look again at the stack of work , then at the pile of thing she 's already correct . there 's four . elizabeth ball ! she knock the stack of ungrade papers to the ground . after a beat , she collect herself , go to pick the , papers off the floor . as she start toss they into the trash , something catch she eye : a practice test manual . and in the corner , a address : 54 lakeview STREET Peoria Il , 61602 elizabeth ( cont 'd ) huh . Elizabeth tear off the corner and pocket it . elizabeth ( pre - lap ) ( cont 'd ) hey , it 's Elizabeth halsey ... I /e. elizabeth' car - day Elizabeth be drive down the highway and smoking a joint . elizabeth ( v.0 . ) unfortunately , I can not make it in today . my grandmother take a turn for the worse and it look like she 's dead . int . elizabeth' classroom - day the kid be laugh and engage . turn to reveal scott , dress in overall and a straw hat with a piece of hay in he mouth , animatedly teach . he 's hold a copy of " the adventure of Tom sawyer . " elizabeth ( v.0 . ) yeah . so I be off to the funeral . wish I luck . ext . sigma nu - moment later Elizabeth knock on the door . a buff , shirtless guy in a backwards hat open it . he like what he see . frat guy hi there . elizabeth be tucker here ? frat guy ( disappointed ) yeah , hold on . t-baaaaag ! someone 's here . ( then , back to Elizabeth ) so you come to we " ceo and corporate Ho 's " party tonight ? Elizabeth just stare at the frat guy . he turn away . tucker , dress identically to the frat guy but twenty pound overweight , hustle down the stair . he have a tattoo of intertwined teabag around he bicep . tucker int . sigma nu - tucker' bedroom - day tucker sit on he bed . Elizabeth lean against a desk , unwilling to sit down on anything in he disgusting room . bob marley play softly . tucker do you ever talk to my brother ? elizabeth no . he dumped I , remember ? tucker you and my brother always have the histrionics . ( then ) so , do you want to come to we party tonight ? " ceo and corporate Ho 's ? " we be kinda light on Ho 's . elizabeth like I tell " frat guy # 1 , " I be not interested . tucker then what 's up ? elizabeth I need some date rape drug . tucker ( hurt , defensive ) two thing . number one : who do you think I be ? yeah , I like to party and yeah , I be in a awesome frat , but that really hurt . and two : they be not " date rape " drug . it 's call ghb -- and it 's for weightlifting . it help build mass , okay ? why do you even want it ? elizabeth ( deadpan ) for lift . ( then ) I have money and I be in a rush . she take out a wad of cash . tucker that 's all you need to say . no need to get all histrionic on I . tucker walk over to a chest , open it , and take out a small lockbox . he unlock it and take out a small bottle contain a clear liquid . tucker ( cont 'd ) one capful make you feel really good . two capful will knock she out for a couple hour . you do not want to take any more than two . Elizabeth hand he some cash . he hand she the jar and then give she a big , warm hug . tucker ( cont 'd ) listen , I know you and my brother be not together anymore , but I still think of you as a sister , okay ? elizabeth get you hand off my ass . tucker sorry , do not even know I put it down there . good luck with you lift . 71 . int . elizabeth' car - day as Elizabeth drive , we hear a phone ringing . woman' voice ( o.s. ) i.s.a.t. how can I direct you call ? elizabeth ( o.s. ) hi , my name be marjorie goodman and I be call from the Chicago tribune . who could I speak to regard allegation of racial bias on you standardize test ? a beat . woman' voice ( o.s. ) please hold . int . t.g.i. friday be - night a portly , unkempt man in a cheap suit , carl halabi , nervously walk through the hotel bar . he see the back of a woman with a red perm . carl marjorie ? " marjorie " turn and we see that it 's actually elizabeth , wear the " Little orphan Annie " wig . she 's sip a cocktail . elizabeth you must be Carl . his face light up , excited to be in the company of such a attractive woman . Elizabeth stand and extend she hand . Carl notice Elizabeth 's very short skirt . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) thanks for meeting I on such short notice . Elizabeth motion for he to sit down . carl ( nervous ) you find the place alright ? good drive ? elizabeth great drive . I love downstate Illinois . carl first time to Peoria ? 72 . elizabeth hmm mmm . carl a lot of people do not know this , but it 's the large city on the Illinois River . elizabeth wow . I do not know that . carl yup yup . and it be actually found before Chicago . elizabeth hello , Jeopardy ! have you ever audition ? carl ( enjoy the compliment ) no . I should , I should . definitely think about it . elizabeth listen , I would love to sit here and chat with you all night . carl yeah ... elizabeth but I be sure you be a very busy man , so I will get right down to it . ( then ) I have speak to various , um , black citizen who be alleging that you test be biased towards white people and oriental . carl ( shake head in frustration ) you can not use my name , okay ? elizabeth no problem . carl like I tell you on the phone , every couple of year , we get call from all over the state with this cockamamie charge . you should hear what they call I . and I be not a racist . I vote for Obama . ( motion for she to write ) that , you can quote I on . 73. elizabeth oh , right . Elizabeth take out a notebook and pen and start jotting down note . carl look , marjorie , I know my test be not perfect . but what 's the alternative ? I be all for free think and creativity , but how do you formulate a education budget without hard number from one of my test ? elizabeth you do not need to convince I . but you know what would help , Carl ? for I to see one of this year 's test . carl no problem at all . Elizabeth light up . carl ( cont 'd ) I will send you one the day after the school administer they . elizabeth I would really love to see it sooner . I be on a bit of a deadline . carl I wish I could , but unfortunately , you need one of this bad boy . Carl hold up a lanyard with a state id card and some key attach . elizabeth ooh , you look like you be CIA . listen , I totally get it . enough business for one night . ( then ) I be gonna have another drink before I hit the road . what 's you poison ? carl my poison be the white devil . wine . White wine . elizabeth fantastic . ( then , to bartender ) one white wine , one tequila sunrise , and two shot of tequila . 74 . int . t.g.i. friday be - later Carl be a little tipsy and slurring he word . Elizabeth seem to be fine . carl you know , marjorie , this be the best night I have have in a longtime . elizabeth well , that make two of we . Elizabeth give Carl " fuck I " eye . he nervously sip he drink . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) what turn you on , Carl ? carl everything . elizabeth you know what turn I on , Carl ? he giggle nervously . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) sex in a office . get fuck really , really hard against a wooden desk . carl ( swallows ) mine 's metal . elizabeth even better . int . illinois standardize test office - night Carl flip on the fluorescent light and they flicker on , like domino across the ceiling . they enter he office and Carl awkwardly lean against the metal desk . carl ( gesture , as promise ) so this be the desk . elizabeth do you have anything to drink ? Carl go to a mini-fridge and pull out a already open bottle of white wine . 75 . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) White wine in the office . you be a bad boy . Carl pour a glass . Elizabeth swig from the bottle . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) do you have any music ? carl um ... I could put on some internet radio . Carl go to fiddle with he computer . Elizabeth quickly reach into she purse and pull out the bottle of ghb . she pour a little into Carl 's wine . and then a little bit more . as he turn around , she hand he the glass . elizabeth a toast . to new friend . carl to new lover . clink . Carl downs he glass . carl ( cont 'd ) ( nervous ) I be gonna take off my shoe . be that okay ? elizabeth whatever , man . I be gonna hit the lady 's room . carl k , first door on you right . do not be long . Carl start carefully clear everything off of he desk . int . standardize test office - bathroom - moment later Elizabeth wait in the bathroom . yawn . check she watch . int . standardize test office - later she walk back in . Carl look woozy . the only thing keep he from pass out be the prospect of see Elizabeth naked . carl ( slurring ) I wanna fug ya again dis desk . 76 . elizabeth easy , cowboy . Carl stumble towards she . Elizabeth deftly move around the desk and exit into the bullpen . carl marblorie ! elizabeth ( as to a child ) Carl , I be gonna need you to pass the fuck out . Carl smile as he feebly chase after she . he. stop at the photocopier , steady himself momentarily and then pass out , still stand . Elizabeth grab the lanyard from Carl 's neck and head back into he office . she go over to the filing cabinet , unlock it with one of the key , and start rifling . she pull out a folder . 2009 illinois standardize test elizabeth ( cont 'd ) and bingo be he name - o. she walk over to the photocopier and push Carl over . he collapse on the ground -- out cold . she copy the test and put it back and grab a stack of scantron from a shelf . she take a post - it , scribbles something and stick it to he forehead . as Elizabeth exit , the camera push in : " you be amazing . Love , marjorie . " CUT to : int . elizabeth' classroom - morning Elizabeth stare at the clock . 8:59 ... 8:59 . elizabeth okay , go . the student open they test book and start . twenty - five pencil hit paper in unison . dissolve to : int . elizabeth' classroom - later Elizabeth stare at the clock . 10:59 ... 10:59 . elizabeth okay , pencil down . a couple of groan . a couple of frantic move to fill in more scantron bubbles . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) come on , come on . it do not even matter . bring you test up . the student dutifully place they test into a neat stack on the corner of Elizabeth 's desk and exit . Elizabeth wait for all the kid to leave and then slide all of the exam into the trash . she pull out a match and light the exam on fire . she then reach into she bag and pull out a new stack of complete exam . she place the new exam into a official - look folder and exit . dissolve to : chyron : 2 week later principal snur be on stage . all the teacher sit in the first few row . Amy stand at she seat . amy if anyone have any information regard the whereabouts of the miss " Annie " wig , please let I know asap . because if that wig be not find , you can bet you bottom dollar the " sun will not come out tomorrow . " back to you , wally . Amy sit . principal snur address the teacher . principal snur thanks , Amy . um , okay , I be sure everyone want to go home , so I will be quick . sandy ( piping up ) fourscore and seven year ago ... scatter laughter . Elizabeth roll she eye . principal snur ( hold up file ) so I have here the result of the state exam -- and I be happy to announce that John Adams Middle School have the fifth high score in the state . the teacher applaud . principal snur ( cont 'd ) and I want to single out one of we own , who show that with hard work and dedication , one person can make a difference . she make I proud to be she boss and she 's now $ 5700 richer . with the high score in the county -- yes , you hear I right , in the county --- I want everyone to please give a hand to -- amy ( to random teacher ) oh boy , third year in a row . this be start to get embarrassing . principal snur Elizabeth halsey ! Elizabeth lean over to Amy , who 's sit beside she . elizabeth this be unexpected . all of the color drain from Amy 's face as Elizabeth stand and wave at the crowd . int . JOHN adam middle school - hallway - day teacher be exite the auditorium . Scott catch up to Elizabeth , who 's marvel at the bonus check . scott hey , if it be not Professor smartypant . Scott playfully punch she shoulder . Elizabeth playfully punch he back . elizabeth ( flirty ) better not mess with I . I be a lot stronger than I look . 79 . scott ( laugh ) so what be you gonna do with you new - find rich ? elizabeth something big . maybe two big thing . Amy walk up and give Elizabeth a big , fake hug . amy hey ! ism so proud of you . if someone tell I at the beginning of the year that you -- you ! -- would get the bonus , I would have say to whomever it be , ' you must be josh I . ' and now , here we be . here we be . scott we should go out and celebrate . ( joke , to Elizabeth ) you treat ? amy what a good , fun idea . unfortunately , Scott and I have to go over the itinerary for the D.C. trip . we be the chaperone . we be go together . ( then , quiet to Elizabeth ) we be dating , so it will also be romantic . you be not dating anyone now , right ? elizabeth I have get my eye on someone , but he 's dating a major cunt . ( then , to Scott ) pardon my french . scott no , she sound terrible . elizabeth she be . amy well then . Scott , we should skedaddle . that itinerary will not schedule themselves . Amy and Scott head off . Scott turn around . scott rain check on that drink . elizabeth ( to herself ) you can bet on it . int . dr . vogel' office - reception area - day danni , the receptionist , uncrumple a ball of crumpled cash and count it . Elizabeth tap she finger impatiently . danni almost do . we do not normally deal with cash here . at the doctor 's office . Elizabeth slide the bonus check across the desk . elizabeth and this be endorse . and the rest you can put on this . Elizabeth slide four credit card across the desk . the middle -aged doctor from earlier walk by . danni ( to elizabeth ) and when would you like to come in ? elizabeth ( to doctor ) middle - aged doctor hi. he go into he office . Elizabeth turn back to danni . danni and when would you like to come in ? elizabeth today . tomorrow . as soon as possible . danni check she calendar . danni a week from tomorrow , then ? elizabeth Book it . danni slide Elizabeth a packet of literature . danni we have a 48 hour cancellation policy . anything after that , you will be charge 50 % the cost of the surgery -- unless there be extenuate circumstance . elizabeth I would not miss it for the world . Elizabeth pull she shirt away from she body and look down at she breast . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) so long , sucker . ext . j.a.m.s. - teacher parking lot - dawn the lot be empty except for Elizabeth 's car . int . amy classroom - day Elizabeth enter and pull latex glove from she bag . she snap they on . she take a seat at Amy 's desk and pull a apple from she bag . then she pull out poison ivy . she rub the apple with the poison ivy leave and then carefully place it in the center of the desk . Elizabeth smile . int . amy classroom - later Amy 's class be seat . Amy enter and head for she desk . she notice the apple and smile at she class , touch . thank you . the class stare back at she blankly . amy ( cont 'd ) who do this ? no response from the class . amy ( cont 'd ) oh come on . nobody want a extra sticker on they all - star board ? Amy press the apple to she ear . amy ( cont 'd ) ( muppet voice , to apple ) who bring you to I ? Amy place the apple up to she ear . amy ( cont 'd ) ( muppet voice ) what 's that , Mr. Apple ? you want I to take a bite ? alrighty-roo . Amy take a bite of the apple and then address the class . amy ( cont 'd ) enough horsin ' around , let 's get start . jump CUT to : ext . JOHN adam middle school - teacher parking lot - day a luxury bus idle curbside . Parents see off they kid . Scott and Elizabeth be check kid in . principal snur walk up . principal snur all set ? scott I think we be good . principal snur Elizabeth , thanks again for hopping in last minute . you really save we . elizabeth be Amy go to be okay ? principal snur she will be fine . but to be honest , I think she be scare some of the kid . elizabeth I bet , I bet . well , let she know she 's in my thought . angle on Amy watch from outside she car . one side of she face be completely blister , scaly and red from the poison ivy . the kid have every reason to be scared by she . she get into she car and slam the door . amy ( bang on steering wheel ) fudge ! fudge ! fudge ! fuuuuuck--dge ! int . luxury bus - day kid sing bus song . Elizabeth and Scott sit up front . kide ( singing ) hey , sasha ! hey , sasha ! sasha I think I hear it again ! kide you be want on the telephone ! sasha ( pointing ) if it 's not chase , then I be not home ! chase roll she eye . up front , Scott and Elizabeth sit next to one another and share ipod bud . elizabeth ( nodd to the beat ) you guy be amazing . period 5 be definitely go to make it . Scott smile wide . garrett walk up the aisle . he look at Elizabeth , then turn to Scott . garrett Mr. delacourte , do you think we could go to the poetry museum ? scott oh , um , I do not know , champ , um -- Scott look to Elizabeth , like " please help . " elizabeth ( to garrett , supersweet ) oh , honey , I bet everyone would just love to walk around and look at all the poetry on the wall , but unfortunately , the itinerary 's really tight . garrett why be you talk like that ? elizabeth just go sit down , sweetie . garrett give she a annoyed look and then head back to he seat . Scott smile at Elizabeth . scott wow , you be such a natural . elizabeth when you love what you do , it come easy . int . JOHN adam middle school - hallway - night a splotchy - face Amy trudge down the hallway . she pass Elizabeth 's room , stop , walk back to the door and peer in . she look down the hallway -- it 's empty . int . elizabeth' classroom - continuous Amy rifle through Elizabeth 's desk . she open the top drawer . just pen and paper . she try the bottom drawer . lock . shishkebabs ! int . empty hallway - moment later Amy drag elizabeth' desk across the hallway into she room . it 's a slow , difficult and loud process . int . empty hallway - later Amy , sweat , now drag her own desk across the .hallway into Elizabeth 's room . she stop to catch she breath . CUT to : 85 . int . amy classroom - the next day Amy watch as the maintenance guy sort through he key and try to unlock the desk . amy ( nervous , too loud ) I never lose my key ! maintenance guy what 's wrong with you face ? amy what 's wrong with you face ?!?! maintenance guy just make conversation . he find the right key and open the desk . maintenance guy ( cont 'd ) all set . amy ( buy it back ) Super ! thanks a bunch , amo ! the maintenance man exit . Amy immediately open the desk and rummages through it . she pull out the " Annie " wig . amy ( cont 'd ) busted . she pull out a test booklet . there 's a piece rip out from the front page . Amy 's eye narrow . she run to the floor , where she have neat stack of what use to be in she desk . she find she test booklet and compare the two , clocking the i.s.a.t. address . amy ( cont 'd ) look like somebody 's in big , big trouble . ext . WASHINGTON , d.c . - day to establish . ext . WASHINGTON , d.c . - smithsonian - day Elizabeth and Scott stand with the kid in the lobby area . 86 . scott alright , guy , count -off . the student begin they count -off . student # 1 1. sasha 2 ! student # 3 3. tristan 69 . he bump knuckle with he friend . garrett 5 . as the student continue count off , we CUT to : D.C. montage : -- Elizabeth and Scott walk with the kid through arlington national cemetery . Elizabeth snap she gum . -- Elizabeth , Scott and the kid follow a tour guide through the white house . Elizabeth take the gum from she mouth and look for a place to toss it . she do not see a trash can and quickly stick it to the bottom of a antique table . -- chase have Elizabeth take a " Charlie 's angel " pose picture of she and she minion . Elizabeth take the picture before they be fully pose and hand the camera back . end montage . int . illinois standardize test office - day Amy , she face still cover in the rash , sit across from Carl halabi , the administrator that Elizabeth roofied . Carl be stare at a photo of Elizabeth . carl she change she hair . be marjorie in some kind of trouble ? 87 . amy I think you be the one that might be in some kind of trouble ! do you or do you not give she a copy of the state test ? carl what ?! no ! ( then ) all I do be give she a couple of quote , for she article and that 's it . amy what article ? carl for the tribune . she 's a reporter there . right ? Amy 's eye go wide . CUT to : ext . highway - day Amy 's car zoom past the camera . int . amy car - day Amy 's drive , she hand at 10 and 2 . close on the speedometer as the needle hover between 55 and 56 mph . ext . WASHINGTON , d.c . - jefferson memorial - day the student take picture . garrett walk up to chase . garrett hey , you want I to take you picture ? chase no . garrett alright , well let I know . I have get my camera and my battery 's fully charge . she turn away . garrett ( cont 'd ) awesome . angle on 88. . Scott , who stare up at the memorial and look choke up . Elizabeth walk up behind he eat a fruit roll - up . elizabeth ( offering ) fruit roll -up ? scott ( re jefferson ) I be so conflict about this man . do you know that he have slave ? Elizabeth try to dislodge a piece of the fruit roll - up from the back of she mouth with she tongue . elizabeth yeah , everyone know that . scott I just hate slavery so , so much . a unquestionable evil . I hate it . Elizabeth continue struggle with the fruit . elizabeth slavery 's the worst . scott if I could go back in time and undo slavery , I would . Elizabeth give he a sideways glance , like " no shit . " elizabeth you really hate slavery , huh ? scott I hate it . Elizabeth finally dislodge the chunk of fruit roll - up . elizabeth ( be fruit roll - up ) get it . scott ( stare straight ahead ) you get it . Scott squeeze Elizabeth 's shoulder . scott ( cont 'd ) thanks for listen . 89 . elizabeth hey , I want you to know you can talk to I about anything . slavery , the holocaust , relationship . Scott smile . Elizabeth smile . they lock eye -- a moment . int . principal snur' office - day principal snur squeeze a dolphin-shaped stress ball that chirp like a dolphin with every squeeze . Amy sit across from he , try to contain she glee . principal snur ( shaking he head ) test -tamper . here ? at j.a.m.s.? amy and like I say , she steal the wig . I think we be deal with a criminal master -mind . ( beat ) sorry to be the bearer of bad news , wally . you know how much we all like she . principal snur I know . it 's a tragedy . but Amy , let 's keep this between we . the last thing we need be a scandal on we hand . amy you betcha . ( get up to go , turn ) you know what scare I the most ? this be just what we know . this could be the tip of the iceberg . who know what else she 's capable of ? int . radisson HOTEL - hallway - night the camera be tight on a hotel room door . the faint thumping of hotel sex can be hear . int . radisson HOTEL - scott' room - night Elizabeth and Scott be dry-hump , fully clothed except for they shoe and sock . scott oh my gosh , you body feel so good . 90 . elizabeth harder , harder . Elizabeth try pull off she shirt . Scott pull it back down . scott oh my gosh , I be dry-hump the shit out of you . elizabeth erg . dry fuck the fuck out of I . scott oh my gosh , I be so close ... I be ... pfft . ugh . Scott roll off of Elizabeth and exhales deeply . there 's a wet spot on he jeans . scott ( cont 'd ) that be a mistake . elizabeth that be fast . scott I know , I be sorry . but this be not I . and i. know this be not you . I be in love with Amy . elizabeth but we be so good together . we both hate slavery , we both love teach . and call I crazy , but I always imagine we spend summer at you family 's compound in hyannisport . scott I know . and you be awesome and you have a huge heart and I love you empathy . it 's just , when I be dry-hump you , I could not stop think about dry-hump any . elizabeth it 's because of my tit , be not it ? well , I be get new one in , like , two day . do not make a decision until you see they . scott Elizabeth , I think you be beautiful just the way you be , even with you flat chest . and I think Amy 's beautiful . but I just have to do what 's right . I make Amy a promise . 91 . Scott hold up he hand , show off a promise ring . elizabeth what be you -- 13 ? Elizabeth angrily get up and pull on she sock . scott wait , Elizabeth . do not go . spend the night here with I . you can sleep on the other bed . elizabeth ( fake excitement ) ooh , like a slumber party ? I be leave . and for the record , you band suck , asstard . Elizabeth open the room door and exit . she try slamm the door , but it 's on a spring so it close very , very slowly . ext . lincoln memorial - day the kid listen to a tour guide on the step of the memorial . garrett sneak furtive glance at chase . Elizabeth stand away from the group , on she cell . elizabeth ( on phone ) wally . why would I cheat ? if I be guilty of anything , it 's teach too hard . great ... I have get nothing to hide . she end the call . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) fuck ! Scott , wear a Thomas jefferson souvenir T-shirt , and all of the student look over at Elizabeth . elizabeth .( cont 'd ) what ?! the Tour guide look around uncertainly before continue . tour guide and do anyone know what abraham lincoln 's nickname be ? sasha 's hand shoot up . sasha honest abe . 92 . tour guide " honest abe " , that 's right . because lincoln always say what be on he mind , even if that mean be unpopular . abraham lincoln always show great courage . garrett take this in . he look over at chase and then , after a beat , raise he hand . tour guide ( cont 'd ) yes ? garrett I love chase streeter-rossi . all eye turn to garrett . chase look mortify . tour guide okay then . any other question ? garrett ( press , turn to chase ) I love you , chase . I have always love you . and even though you pretty much stop talk to I in fifth grade , I do not care . I remember the chase that write I a card when my dad be overweight and have to go to the hospital because of he heart -- sasha that be from the whole class . garrett shut up , sasha , I be talk about a different card . ( continuing ) and then , a year later , when he leave my mom and move in with he trainer , you write I another card . what happen to we ? remember when we have a sleepover in the second grade and you wet you bed and you be so embarrassed and you make I promise not to ever tell anyone . well , I never do and I never will . I know we be really young , but remember Romeo and juliet be only 13 . a lot of people do not know that . so there it be . my heart on a sleeve . ( go into rhyme verse ) do not let I leave / always believe / a beat . chase stare at garrett . 93. chase Gross . chase 's friend all start laugh . the rest of the class join in . garrett run down the step , away from everyone . scott alright , guy , let 's settle down . the Tour guide look around , uncertain . tour guide ( pointing ) and this column here be doric column . now let 's move inside to see the interior mural paint by Jules guerin . the Tour guide lead the group inside . Elizabeth look back and see garrett on the step , he head in he hand . she roll she eye and walk down to he . elizabeth hey , abe lincoln , get up . Tour 's not over . garrett ( upset ) she just laugh at I . call I gross . elizabeth you will get over it . get up . garrett I be not go back . leave I alone ! elizabeth now . garrett no ! garrett run off . elizabeth hey , come back here you little -- Elizabeth start run after he in heel . she immediately break a heel . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) mother -- she break the other heel . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) fucker . ext . WASHINGTON , d.c . - day the student stand by they bus . Scott address they . scott who have a good time in d.c.? the student let out a cheer . scott ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) who eat too many french fries at lunch ? the student let out another cheer . scott ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) alright , let 's do we final count - off . student # 1 sasha student # 3 tristan a beat . student # 6 6. student # 7 7. , scott wait , wait . where 's 5 ? who 's 5 ? everyone look around . sasha I think it 's garrett tiara . scott garrett ! garrett ! nothing . Scott look around , stricken . scott ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) and where 's Ms. halsey ? nothing . scott ( cont would ) ( cont 'd ) alright , everyone on the bus ! CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON , d.c . - STREET - later Elizabeth search for garrett . elizabeth garrett ! garrett ! her cell phone ring . she check the caller id : " hot scott . " she put the phone back in she purse . int . luxury bus - later the kid be get restless . a lot of sing . a lot of horsing around . kide ( chanting ) let 's go home ! let 's go home ! Scott sit up front by the driver . he 's on he cell . scott ( frantic ) I be freaking out here . they have be miss over two hour . I be just a substitute ! ( then , to kid ) shut up !!! the chant immediately stop . intercut with : int . amy apartment - day Amy , the phone cradle to she ear , lean back on she couch . she 's wear splotches of calamine lotion over she rash and she hair be pull back . a turtle plod across she kitchen table . 96 . amy ( wheel spinning ) oh my gosh . we just might have a Mary Kay letourneau situation on we hand . Amy scratch the turtle 's neck as it continue across the table . scott I do not know . you think ? amy I know . the woman 's a criminal mastermind . scott this be such a mess . amy what I need from you be to focus and get we kid home safe . I will take care of everything here . scott thanks , Amy . you be a lifesaver . amy it 's what I do . Love you , scooter . she hang up the phone and cockily kick she foot onto the table , accidentally knock the turtle to the floor . amy ( cont 'd ) oh boy . ext . WASHINGTON , d.c . - night we be no longer in the tourist area . a stray dog walk down the middle of the street . siren wail . prostitute hail johns with catcall . Elizabeth , still in she break heel , walk down the gritty street . - elizabeth ( calling ) garrett ! garrett ! her phone ring . she check the caller id -- " hot scott . " elizabeth ( cont 'd ) ( answering phone ) I be look for he ! stop fuck call I ! she power she phone off and continue down the street . she pass two prostitute . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) hey , guy . hi. I be look for a young kid , about 13 . really annoying , kind of a cry baby . have you see he ? prostitute # 1 fuck you . elizabeth fantastic . prostitute # 2 you best step off , bitch , because this be my block . this here 's poetry 's block . elizabeth poetry ? prostitute # 1 Cause that 's how she fuck . prostitute # 2 I fuck like that . lyrical . something occur to Elizabeth . she smile . elizabeth thank you , poetry . and poetry 's friend . Elizabeth walk off and stick out she hand , try to hail a cab . she pass a bunch of homeless men warming up by a trash can fire . homeless man # 1 wo not get a cab in this neighborhood . a car slow next to Elizabeth . a JOHN roll down the passenger window and lean out . JOHN hey , sweetheart . how much for a titty fuck ? elizabeth I need a ride . JOHN oh yeah , I need a ride , too . right through that titty . elizabeth no , I need a ride . like you drive , and I point mace at you face . I will give you ten buck . JOHN ( a beat ) this be weird . twenty . Elizabeth hop in . CUT to : ext . j.a.m.s. - teacher's parking lot - night midnight . parent be wait . a few console garrett 's mom , melody . a few local news van idle nearby . spencer' mom ( to melody ) he 's gonna be alright . the police will find he . I be sure they be back at the hotel . probably just a mix-up . the bus pull up to the curb and stop . Scott step off first , clearly confuse by the crowd and tv camera . immediately , a reporter thrust a mic into he face . reporter what can you . tell we about the alleged romance between Elizabeth halsey and a 13 year old student ? scott ( confuse ) what ? the student step off and the Parents swarm they . parent # 1 oh baby , be you okay ? do she touch you ? sasha 's parent engulf she in a hug . sasha's mother oh sasha ! ( then , to sasha 's dad ) you expect this stuff to happen in Florida , not here . ext . WASHINGTON , d.c . - office of the poet laureate - night garrett walk up to a drab building where he see Elizabeth on the curb wait for he . there 's a tiny sign that read " Office of the Poet Laureate . " elizabeth it 's close . wo not be open till morning . come on . let 's get back to the hotel . I be sure everyone 's mad at you . garrett stand he ground . garrett I be not leave without talk to the poet laureate . elizabeth do you think that some shel silverstein wannabe be go to tell you the meaning of life ? garrett what do you care ? elizabeth I be here , right ? garrett you have to be here . you be a teacher . elizabeth not for long . I be get fire for cheating as soon as we get back . garrett take a seat next to Elizabeth . garrett so. you come look for I on you own ? elizabeth yup . ( hold up she shoe ) and you owe I a new pair of nanette lepore . garrett I just want to know what to say to chase to get she to like I . elizabeth you know what you should do ? what ? elizabeth just go out and sleep with as many girl , as you possibly can . get she out of you head . garrett they will probably reject I , too . elizabeth yeah , probably . but life 's about how you deal with rejection . you can either hide in a corner and cry or you can get stronger every time . and I figure a kid like you with not much go for he -- if he be to choose the latter -- might end up become a pretty strong man . garrett ( touched ) thanks . elizabeth now come on , let 's get out of here . I be freezing and Mr. delacourte 's probably shitting a brick . garrett I can not go back there . all the kid will laugh at I . elizabeth you seriously think they have not be laugh already ? garrett maybe chase be wonder where I be . elizabeth hate to break it to you , kid , but I do not think anyone give two shit where we be . int . principal snur' office - night principal . snur sit across from garrett 's mother , melody , who be beside herself . she be wear a beret . a detective and Amy be stand behind the desk . principal snur pass she a dolphin-shaped tissue box . detective what else can you tell we about garrett and Ms. halsey 's relationship ? melody it be strictly student / teacher . garrett 's a gift poet and Ms. halsey be try to bring that out of he . Amy snort . detective do they ever spend time outside of the classroom ? melody aside from Christmas at we house ? absolutely not . the detective glance at the principal , like " oh boy . " amy she use to give all the guy that look . that sex look . you know -- Amy give she version of a sexy look to the detective . amy ( cont 'd ) she 's a monster . detective Mrs. tiara , I think we might need to consider the possibility that Elizabeth halsey have abduct you son and that the two of they be involved in a sexual relationship . melody ( inconsolable ) Marbles do not even have armpit hair ! detective ( quietly , to principal snur ) we should send out a amber alert . we need to catch this sicko . tv news footage a reporter talk to camera on the step of j.a.m.s. other news crews be in the bg . 102 . reporter a school official close to the scandal confirm that in addition to she alleged sexual relationship with the unnamed seventh grader , Elizabeth halsey have be investigate for possible drug use , standardize testing fraud , and the theft of a " Annie " wig from a school production . the tv report flash a unflatter photo of elizabeth with a blurred out garrett . in front of the school , the reporter turn to principal snur . reporter ( cont 'd ) can you comment on any of this allegation ? principal snur the superintendent will speak to the press shortly , but for now , I would just like to say that I hope Ms. halsey do the right thing and bring back we student . int . WASHINGTON , d.c . - train station - night Elizabeth busy two ticket . garrett hover beside she . elizabeth ( to garrett ) you be pay I back for this . ext . townhouse - night Elizabeth 's ex-fiance , mark , stand with Sheila and talk to a reporter . MARK be I shocked ? Mark start laugh . sheila she be always very cold to I . jump CUT to : ext . JOHN adam middle school - night chase be cry as she speak to a different reporter . 103 . chase ( wiping away tear ) garrett sit diagonal from I in language art . he be always so supportive of my modell career . jump CUT to : ext . JOHN adam middle school - night Lynn stand with a different reporter . lynn ( teary ) she 's my best friend . she tell I everything . we have lunch together ! jump CUT to : ext . JOHN adam middle school - night Tristan stand with a different reporter . tristan I have be tell he to hit that all year . that 's my boy ! ext . JOHN adam middle school - night Amy talk to a different reporter . amy ( hold a candle ) " no child leave behind . " how ironic . that a child be leave behind . in Washington , D.C. with a statutory rapist . jump CUT to : int . amtrak train night Elizabeth and garrett be seat next to one another on the darken train . garrett 's asleep against the window , Elizabeth be read " in style " with the overhead light . garrett stir , roll the other way and gently place he head on Elizabeth 's shoulder . she look at he and then shrug she shoulder to get he off . his head fall back on . she leave it . 104 . I /e. taxi - night Elizabeth be asleep on garrett 's shoulder . garrett be press against the window , clearly uncomfortable . the taxi turn a corner and garrett notice something . garrett hey , there 's a bunch of people outside of my house . Elizabeth wake up and look up to see : a candlelight vigil , include Amy , Scott , melody , and many . of garrett 's classmate ; a sea of tv cameras ; and two police car . elizabeth what the fuck ? ( then , to garrett ) do you steal something ? the taxi pull up to the curb and Elizabeth and garrett .exit . chaos . they be immediately swarm by everyone . the cop struggle to push past . melody ( beside herself ) Marbles !!! the reporter thrust micu in she face . reporter # 1 reporter # 2 how long have you be why do you steal the sleep together ? " Annie " wig ?! elizabeth , just the once on the train . what ?! the cop get through and smother garrett in a police blanket . a female cop roughly lead Elizabeth to one of the squad car . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) this be crazy ! he 's a kid . Elizabeth be put into the back of squad car . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) I be a good person ! I do not fuck minor ! Elizabeth bang on the window . Amy smile and wave . CUT to : int . police station - night a sergeant be lead Elizabeth to a phone . sergeant you be quite the celebrity . elizabeth you want a autograph ? sergeant you get one call . Elizabeth pick up the phone . the sergeant give she some space . elizabeth ( into phone ) hi , this be Elizabeth halsey call . I be call to cancel my surgery for tomorrow . extenuate circumstance . please , please do not make I lose my deposit . Elizabeth slam down the receiver . sergeant if you need medical attention , we be require to provide it . elizabeth just take I back to my cell . int . j.a.m.s. - principal be office - day silence . Elizabeth and she roommate , kirk , who 's now dress in a ill-fitting suit and have he hair comb , sit across from principal snur and the school superintendent , a no - nonsense woman in she 60 . principal snur again , speak on behalf of the whole administration , I just want to apologize for what happen . clearly , there be a miscommunication . elizabeth oh , you think ? kirk put he hand up to Elizabeth , like " I will take care of this . " 106 . kirk my client have be a upstand member of society she entire life . she have spend time as a educator , she have volunteered -- elizabeth more than once ! kirk and she have touch the life of that around she -- until last night . Elizabeth pull kirk into a lawyer / client huddle . elizabeth ( whisper ) you kind of sound like a pro . kirk ( whisper ) do you think they be go to find out that I do not pass the bar ? elizabeth ( whisper ) you be do great . they break from they huddle . kirk you administration jump to conclusion , set off a media fire - storm and have humiliate one of its own . as Ms. . halsey 's chief counsel , I have advise she that we have a extremely strong case of libel and that it 's certainly within she province to sue the district . superintendent how do we make this go away ? kirk Ms. halsey be not a litigious woman . she want this whole matter to go away as quickly and painlessly as possible . kirk slide a piece of paper across the desk . kirk ( cont 'd ) this be a list of we demand . the superintendent and principal snur scan the list . superintendent you be kid I . elizabeth do not answer right now . let it marinate . oh , and I should mention that if this go to trial , I can cry on cue . Elizabeth start cry . everybody look at she , aghast . and as quickly she start , she stop . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) now , if you will all excuse I , I should be head to fifth period . I hate to be tardy . int . JOHN adam middle school - hallway Elizabeth head down the empty hallway . from the auditorium , the faint sound of " tomorrow , tomorrow " from " Annie " can be hear . Amy step out of the auditorium , hum along to the song . she notice Elizabeth come to she . Amy debate she option . amy Elizabeth ! I be so worried . you give we quite a scare , you do . Elizabeth do not acknowledge she and continue walk toward Amy , only foot away now . amy ( cont 'd ) ( attempt some levity ) somebody 's be a grumple -- bam ! Elizabeth punch Amy square in the nose . Amy drop to she knee and grab she nose , now squirting blood . amy ( cont 'd ) Elizabeth keep walk and turn a corner . a bell ring and the hallway start fill with student . principal snur ( v.0 . ) well , it 's be another great year at jam ... 108 . int . JOHN adam middle school - gym - day quick cut . the year be wind down . instead of gym , kid be use the time to sign each other 's yearbook . chase walk up to garrett with she yearbook , ask he to sign it . principal snur ( v.0 . ) who can forget the exciting addition of a climb wall to the small gym ... int . JOHN adam middle school - auditorium - day quick cut . it 's class photo day . with each flash , we see a different teacher with a different CLASS . and finally amy , with a bandage over she nose and two black eye , smile widely alongside she CLASS . principal snur ( v.0 . ) . or the student / teacher spelling bee . int . JOHN adam middle school - teacher's lounge - day much like the first scene of the movie . the teacher be sip plastic flute of Champagne . principal snur be up front . Elizabeth linger in the back . principal snur I think that be a huge s-u-c-c-a-s-s . polite laughter . principal snur ( cont 'd ) but seriously ... with summer around the corner , it 's time to not only say goodbye to another school year , but to also say goodbye to one of we own . Elizabeth smile . principal snur ( cont 'd ) Amy squirrel . Amy , she face completely heal , step forward , with a purse smile . principal snur ( cont 'd ) after six short year of outstanding , tireless work here , Amy be transfer out of the district . ( more ) principal snur ( cont 'd ) I know she will bring she love for learn to she new student . Sandy , the ponytail teacher , pipe up . sandy speech ! speech ! amy although leave be a difficult choice ... Amy look over to Elizabeth , who motion for she to continue . amy ( cont 'd ) when the superintendent personally ask you to work at one of the worst school in the state , you say yes . I be look forward to bring my brand of zany energy and lust -- not love , lust -- for learn to the underprivileged student at malcolm X High . I welcome the challenge . the teacher applaud , Scott the most enthusiastic . Elizabeth step up to Amy , who flinch . elizabeth here , I get you this . Elizabeth hand Amy a poster tube . she.open it and unravel the " integrity " poster that Elizabeth steal . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) and good luck . somebody 's gonna need it . Elizabeth head for the door . Scott catch up to she . scott hey , Stranger . ( then , whisper ) listen , now that Amy 's transfer , maybe the two of we could go grab a drink . elizabeth scott Elizabeth walk out . CUT to : chyron : three month later ext . JOHN adam middle school - teacher parking lot - day Elizabeth 's 1994 Grand - be pull into she spot . and as she bare leg step out of the car , we int . JOHN adam middle school - hallway - day the hallway be empty . we follow Elizabeth from behind , and as she reach for the door to she class , we int . elizabeth' classroom - day Quick cut . from behind , we see Elizabeth place a apple on each desk , just as Amy do earlier . Elizabeth 's wall be still bare , except for a frame photo of Amy 's class picture , with Amy 's mess up face , from the year before . the bell ring . Elizabeth turn and we now see that she have tasteful fake breast . Elizabeth walk to she door and open it , watch the student as they reconnect with friend and share storey about summer camp . she notice sasha who be massaging a boy 's shoulder . bunch of other eighth grade boy wait they turn . eighth grade boy do I ! do I ! sasha clearly enjoy the attention . Elizabeth smile . garrett walk by , hand in hand with chase . trail both of they be identical roll backpack . he see Elizabeth and run over . elizabeth you and chase , huh ? she like the poetry ? garrett she like that I be kind of a celebrity . but I be cool with it . I be the man around here ! elizabeth easy . garrett well , I should get go . see you around , Ms. halsey . oh , and nice ... he point at she breast . elizabeth ( touched ) thanks ! you be the first student to notice . garrett smile and walk off . Lynn walk by . she 's clean another big stain from she shirt . lynn Elizabeth , hey ! how be you summer ? elizabeth it be great . I meet a doctor ! plastic surgeon , actually . he 's amazing . lynn he sound amazing . how would you meet he ? the internet ? elizabeth no , in recovery . and I look like ass , so I know it 's real . lynn sound like a fairy tale . elizabeth it be . storybook . well , not total storybook . it 's a little messy because he wife file for divorce last week , but we be gonna get through that . ( then ) so you want to grab lunch later ? lynn sure ! my treat . elizabeth no , you get it last time . we will split it .