bad dream written by Andrew Fleming &amp ; Steven E. de souza fade in : 1 ext . countryside - sunset 1 a serene landscape , mist collect as the red ball of a sun dip behind the mountain . in the middle of a field stand a bare - chest man face the sunset . he be harris , forty -ish , grey but handsome , and very fit . his hand be outstretch as if embrace a invisible entity . he seem fill with some sort of transcendental power . now , a air of fulfillment and resolve settles over he . he turn and walk away from we . camera adjust and reveal -- 2 ext . unity house - long shot - sunset 2 once the home of victorian gentry , a few season of amateur repair work have not compensate for decade of neglect . but now as Harris walk towards it , the fade daylight and long shadow turn it into a fantasy castle . music echoes faintly from within ; it 's " in-a-gadda - Da - vida " by Iron Butterfly . if the music do not place the era for we , the batter vw minibus park outside the house do ; it 's cover with flower painting , slogan , and the ubiquitous peace sign . as Harris approach the house , a dozen or so young people rush to greet he and embrace he . extend he arm out to enclose they all , he go inside . 3 int . common room - sunset 3 this be probably a stately parlor in its day . there be a funky assembly of odd handmade furniture . there be muslin curtain on the window , crude painting , and quilt cover rip chair and couch . despite the squalor , there be a neatness to the place . now , the camera begin to roam through the room and down the hallway line with fade wallpaper . voice ( various ) -- where do she go ...? ... be here a moment ago ... Cynthia , come on , honey , we need you ... Cynthia , come out , come out wherever you be ... the sun 's go down , we be lose the moment ...! ( more ) ( continued ) 2 . continued : voice ( cont 'd ) hey , mellow out , we get ten minute , I like , check the almanac , okay ...? ready or not , here we come ... all this comment be make in relaxed and good nature tone . finally the camera pan over to a little storage alcove beneath the servant 's stairway . a hand reach in and open the door , and inside we see carton , antique toy ... and then cynthia , a pretty 13 year old girl who wear funky clothing and a haunt , nervous expression . voice ( cont 'd ) ... there you be , you naughty girl ! you almost make we lose the sunset ... come on , honey , time 's waste ... she shrink back from the hand that be pull she up and out , but they prevail , and she 's up and on unsteady foot . the camera stay with she as she 's lead back down the hallway . cynthia ( faintly ) no , please ... I ... I really do not want to do this ... can not I just wait for you ..? I -- I be not sure about this -- a set of hand move in , separate Cynthia from the other . 4 new angle 4 revealing victor , a handsome youth a few year older than Cynthia . victor easy , cyn , easy . you do not want to do this , that 's okay ... right , Harris ? the voice stop as everyone await a answer . camera pan across the common room , to the end we have not see yet . in the center of the room be a big cistern or font . as we watch , Harris have just dunked someone in it . the person step out , laugh , sloshing in amber liquid . stand around be other people , some already drip wet , other await they turn . some be clothed and wet , other in vary degree of undress . it all seem slightly off , slightly eerie , despite they smile and cheer . Harris splashes himself with the amber liquid from the tub , push he hair back . ( continued ) 3. continued : ( 2 ) harris no , Victor , it 's not okay . here at Unity House , some thing have to be do ... ( slight smile ) ... in Unity . this be one of they . he wade closer to the camera , within reach of Cynthia , Victor and the other . smile again . it 's the kind of a smile that inspire trust . harris ( cont 'd ) Cynthia , do you trust I ? she nod immediately . harris ( cont 'd ) and have I ever lie to you ? she shake she head . he gesture . the people around Cynthia begin to get into the tub . some remove they clothing ; other get in clothes and all . toddler and infant be hold by they parent and playfully splash . harris ( cont 'd ) then I say to you now ... to all of you now ... that this will be the ultimate join ... of man and woman ... parent and child ... humanity and godhead . he look at Victor , who reluctantly let Cynthia 's hand go , get in . now only Cynthia remain . harris ( cont 'd ) Cynthia . come . there be no shame in this . no crime . no sin . just the final break with the old world ... as night fall , we start a new day ... a day of Unity . ( a command , but warm ) come to I ... my lovechild . 5 on cynthia 5 his last word melt she remain resistance . move like a sleepwalker , she step into the tub , wade forward . then she stop , look down at the fluid lap at she jeans ... run she hand through it . her eye widen . 4. 6 ext . house - long shot 6 the sun almost go now , red light reflect on the gable window . even the batter vw van look good in this set . it 's beautiful . cynthia' voice no! no ... harris ' voice Cynthia , come back ! we can not do it without you ... we must have unity , my lovechild ... Unity , now and through eternity ... Cynthia , you can not run ... you belong to we forever --! pause . the faint sound of splashing and then footstep skitter on tired wooden floor ... and then -- -- unity house explode ! 7 explosion - another angle 7 window blow out . splinter beam propeller through the air . the vw camper on the lawn rock with the shock wave . then a second explosion blow the victorian cupolas and widow 's walk off the roof . from somewhere in the distance we hear siren ... CUT to : 8 ext . unity house - night 8 FIRE be consuming what 's leave of the building . rescue worker and firefighter be run back and forth . 9 inspector wasserman 9 a plainclothes detective , he nods to some uniform , step around some debris to move closer to the scene . he put he collar up against the spray which leak from firehose connection . see one of he man , he shout over the din . wasserman what have we get ? policeman twenty - four body , Inspector . maybe more . ( continued ) 5 . continued : as he say this , both man watch as firefighter carry out a scorched and blackened corpse that look like a 3,000 year old mummy . 10 corpse - closer 10 it 's set down on the ground beside other blacken body partially cover by tarp . as the body be set down it crunch , and a piece break off . 11 back to scene 11 wasserman blanch , wipe he mouth . wasserman Cause of fire ? officer some kind of explosion ... gas main , methane , too soon to tell . God only know . wasserman let 's hope he do not keep it to himself . a voice we get one ! we get a survivor ! get a stretcher and oxygen over here , stat ! wasserman and the cop run up the slope with the other . 12 ruins - closer 12 medics run around the park vw , which drip water and chemical foam . rescue worker move a fallen beam and pull a soot - blacken form out of a hole . as the camera push closer , we see that it be Cynthia . her clothes be tear and singe , and she be unconscious , but as they work on she we see that she be largely unharme . voice ( busy , frantic ) make room , make room ! get that airway in ! I get a pulse , whoa , it 's faint ... talk about lucky , she musta fall in the basement ... first and second degree burn ... come on people , move you ass ! ( continued ) 6 . continued : ( 2 ) wasserman try to keep up as they carry she on a stretcher towards a ambulance , put she inside . it roar away , siren wailing . music come up and over -- it 's magic carpet ride by steppenwolf . newscaster's voice ( filter ) -- authority continue to investigate yesterday 's mysterious explosion and fire at Unity House , the controversial New Age commune head by self - style guru adrian Harris . 32 people die in the blaze . thirteen year old Cynthia Weston , the fire 's only survivor , remain in guard but stable condition at County General . in national news , newspaper heiress Patricia hearst be abduct from she Bay area apartment shortly before dawn today ... a communique from the so-called " symbionese Liberation Army " demand that ... CUT to : 13 int . hospital emergency room - night 13 the door crash aside as Cynthia be rush in on a gurney . the ceiling light flicker past we as they move she into the emergency room . voice blood pressure 90 over 30 , we be lose she ... where 's that cart ? clear ! clear ! okay , it 's climb ... watch the eeg ... Brain activity , shit , damn low ... we begin a series of dissolves , include : a ) wasserman , who appear first in he clothes from the fire , then two other wardrobe change ; B ) hospital personnel , at first the harry and rush emergency staff , and then the more blase regular doctor and nurse ; C ) various medical equipment , as a series of diagnostic test be run on Cynthia - - ( continued ) 7. continued : D ) cynthia , first in she fire - scorched clothing , then as it be cut away , and then in several hospital gowns , first white , then green , then blue ... E ) a series of hospital room and lab ; p ) hospital chart and file , with ever- change date ; voice ( cont 'd ) ( over this ) no sign of physical damage but neurological function still depressed ... sorry , Inspector , no change ... patient comatose after 14 day ... Brain scan show minor irregularity ; pupil function within normal range ... still no sign of consciousness ... still comatose after 21 day ... sorry , Inspector , we will call you if there 's any progress ... still comatose after 42 day ... patient move out of intensive care .... as the montage continue , title begin . now we hear various news broadcast which come up and over , fade in and out with the medical voice . ( if desire , tv newscast might be see as well on a hospital room 's set . ) various newscaster ' voice ( filter , in and out , intermittently audible ) ... the mother of Martin luther King junior be assassinate today while she play the organ in she son' church ... interrupt to bring this bulletin ... Richard milhous Nixon have resign as President of the United States ... as the Marine guard hold back the crowd , the last helicopter take off from the roof of the embassy in saigon ... bicentennial festivity begin today in Philadelphia ... 14 montage - continued 14 we see Cynthia in she bad , always in the same near- fetal position . the only change be the occasionally different hue of she blanket and the vary length of she hair . ( continued ) 8. continued : ( 2 ) newscaster -- leak at the Three mile Island facility ... 73 Americans remain hostage in the Teheran embassy ... Ronald Reagan have be elect 40th President ... renew fight in the Middle East ... assailant shot John Lennon at point blank range ... President Reagan have be shot ! he be in guard condition at ... the Pope have be shot ! he be rush by ambulance to ... President Anwar Sadat have be assassinate ... 14a berrisford - in montage 14a we see several shot of this man , first as a white - coat resident in he late 30' , walk past Cynthia 's hospital doorway , and then stop , curious , and look in on she ... and then in -- 14b other shot - berrisford 14b as ( with change wardrobe and increase status ) he check in on the girl 's unalter condition as month and year continue to click by : newscaster ( cont 'd ) ... the Korean airliner be shot down by a Soviet jet , kill all 269 people aboard ... invasion of the island Nation of Grenada ... Prime Minister indira ghandi be assassinate by member of she own bodyguard ... the plo hijacker shot the wheelchair - bound american and throw he body overboard ... Space shuttle Challenger explode moment after launch ... renew fight today in the Middle East ... President corazon aquino ask the soldier to lay down they arm ... Senator Gary hart withdraw from the race ... fawn Hall ... Lieutenant Colonel Oliver North ... contrascam investigation ... ptl scandal ... munition train severe the lag of a protester at the ... renew fight in the Middle East ... dissolve to : 9 . 15 int . hospital nurse's station - day 15 the head nurse look up , smile at a young floor nurse as she walk past . from somewhere we hear a springsteen song on the radio . head nurse Debbie . what happen to you windsurf lesson ? young nurse no wind . I change shift with Nancy . ( pick up chart ) well ... time to weed the vegetable patch . we follow the young nurse as she go into -- 16 cynthia' room 16 bore , the nurse go to the foot of the bad , check the chart there . she move past monitoring equipment which show only subtle movement . as she begin to take Cynthia 's blood pressure , camera continue on into the bed and we see Cynthia , she be now a fully grow young woman in she late 20' . she be curl up in a fetal ball . 17 the young nurse 17 finish she work and then gather some bottle from the side table . she go to the door and then react to a SOUND . she look around , puzzle . meanwhile , we see ( and she doesn 't ) that there be increased activity on the monitor . cynthia ( faint , weak ) no ... no ... it 's wrong ... someone ... please help ... young nurse Holy shit ... stun , the nurse drop the bottle with a crash . recovering she composure , she dart back to the bed , watch flabbergasted as Cynthia continue to stir , she arm weakly battle half - realize fear . ( continued ) 10 . continued : the young nurse hit a alarm , grab Cynthia 's arm to prevent she from pitching out of the bed , and then doctor and nurse be scramble all over the room , and as the din rise we CUT to : 18 int . hospital PRESS conference - day 18 flashbulb pop and the hospital spokesman grin clumsily , famous for fifteen minute . there 's eight or nine reporter here , all of they wishing they be on bigger storey . spokesman ( in mid speech ) twelve year , two month ... nine day . first reporter be that like a world record for a coma or something ? spokesman actually , no . the longest one on record be 37 year . the first reporter close a notebook , leave . second reporter do she remember anything about the fire at Universe House ? 19 new angle - showing the back of the room 19 Lieutenant ( née Inspector ) wasserman be there . he 's grayer , paunchier , but the raincoat be the same one . spokesman' voice ( correct ) Unity House . no , she appear to have no memory of the accident itself or the day lead up to it . it 's not uncommon after serious trauma . third reporter what happen to she now ? have she family or friend be notify ? ( continued ) 11 . continued : spokesman we stop look for any family ton year ago .. right now we " be plan to transfer Cynthia to Dr. S.A. berrisford 's neuropsychiatric Clinic . it 's right here on we grounds , and Dr. berrisford be familiar with both the neuromuscular problem a patient like this will encounter as well as the inevitable mental readjustment that will be require . thank you . the reporter filter out . wasserman be already go . CUT to : 20 foot 20 as it be clumsily set down ... another foot slide forward . 21 int . therapy room - wider 21 Cynthia be stand inside a set of parallel bar . she 's pale , weak look . a physical therapist be at she elbow , egging she on . therapist good ... very good ... come on , just a few more step ... Cynthia blink , as if just processing the therapist 's word take some adjustment . cynthia ( weary ) I ... I can not ... I have to rest ... berrisford's voice Young lady , you have have fifteen year of rest . camera adjust to show dr . berrisford . in he 50' , avuncular , he wear half - frame glass and a sweater vest under he medical coat . two piece of tissue paper mark he razor 's passage on he neck . ( continued ) 12 . continued : berrisford ( cont 'd ) now walk to the end of that platform , or you will not get any chocolate ice cream . something about berrisford 's mock -stern tone bore in on Cynthia , get a reaction . she grope for a answer . cynthia ( finally ) I ... I hate chocolate ice cream . berrisford then walk to the end of the platform , or I will shove a entire gallon down you throat . Cynthia 's eye crinkle with confusion . and then , ah , she get it ! a joke , the first one in over a decade . she smile , and it 's a beautiful smile . setting she jaw , she make a renew effort and reach the and of the platform . the therapist and berrisford both move quickly to catch she and set she down in a wheelchair . berrisford ( to the therapist ) that will be all . berrisford begin wheeling Cynthia along . they leave the therapy room , go down a corridor . ( note : passage as per location . ) as they go by other patient and staff , there 's a general buzz as people whisper about Cynthia . cynthia ( peer at berrisford ) be I suppose to know you or something ? berrisford I have look in on you from time to time ... but that 's hardly a introduction . you have be transfer into my care , Cynthia . I *m Doctor S. A. berrisford , consult Chief of neuropsychiatry and head of the berrisford Clinic . cynthia ( fumble it ) c-consult cheev -- Chief of -- ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 2 ) berrisford oh , forget all that . just call I what my staff do . cynthia what 's that ? berrisford god. Cynthia laugh . she like this man 's directness , the way he do not condescend to she . 22 int . / ext . SUN deck or day room - day 22 berrisford park she and site down across from she . cynthia what ... what kind of doctor do you say you be ? berrisford notice one of the tissue on he neck . scowl , flick it away . berrisford obviously , I be not a surgeon . ( as she laugh ) I be a psychiatrist . cynthia ( puzzle ) why do I need a psychiatrist ? berrisford Cynthia , you have be out of touch with reality for over ten year . you recovery go beyond you muscle tone ... you have to ease into life ... into interact with other people again . into a world that 's change so much that sometimes I get confuse by it . ( take out a appointment book ) now , my assistant Dr. Goldman have a group therapy session every day ... I be put you down for it , start tomorrow ... ( continued ) 14 . continued : cynthia ( unsure ) Group therapy ? but -- wasserman' voice Dr. berrisford ? 23 new angle 23 revealing wasserman . he show he badge to the doctor . wasserman I be Lieutenant wasserman . I leave a message with you secretary ...? berrisford ( rise , meeting he halfway ) and I leave one with you desk sergeant . ( a hard whisper ) I tell you this would have to wait . you should not even be here -- 24 favoring cynthia 24 she can not help but listen as they continue in lower tone . wasserman I have wait fifteen year . that 's long enough . now I want to speak with miss Weston . berrisford miss Weston be still recover and be in no condition for a prolong interrogation . wasserman ( tight smile ) then do not prolong it . I will be brief with she , I will be gentle with she -- berrisford I will let you know when she 's ready -- cynthia e-- excuse I ... ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 2 ) 25 angle 25 they turn and look at she . cynthia ( cont 'd ) Doctor berrisford , what 's this all about ...? this man want to talk to I ...? berrisford start to answer , but wasserman rush in . wasserman ( quietly , slowly , as if to a child ) that 's right , miss Weston . I just have a few easy , simple question . ( patient , phony smile ) about you ... and about Unity House . Cynthia look at he strangely , turn to berrisford . cynthia ( sotto ) why be he talk like that ? be he one of you patient ? wasserman burn . berrisford laugh . berrisford Lieutenant wasserman be a police officer . and the word " patience " be not part of he vocabulary . wasserman scowl , not enjoy be the butt of a joke . he resume he normal ton , which be far from diplomatic . wasserman miss Weston . what 's the last thing you remember before ... cynthia -- before the accident ? nothing . wasserman then how do you know it be a accident ? berrisford Lieutenant ! ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 3 ) cynthia I remember ... a beautiful sunset . Harris , smile at I ... wasserman ( write ) Harris , he be the leader ? Cynthia 's eye be far away . the memory come back ... the word be slow , but vivid . cynthia leader , founder ... chief cook and bottlewasher ... ( smile ) executive in charge of dream . we be all together ... all work to make a now world ... that last night , there be a ... ( brow furrowing ) gather ... a... a sort of ... baptism ... and then ... she wince , rub she eye . cynthia ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , that 's all I can see . wasserman miss Weston . this " Unity House " ... be it a cult ? cynthia I be sorry . I do not understand the question . berrisford a " cult , " Cynthia . a syndrome of society you have be fortunate enough to miss . they be popular with impressionable people , the penny press ... ( pause ) ... and lazy policeman who like to blame they for crime they can not solve . wasserman close he notebook , give berrisford a cold stare . wasserman I be there that night , Doctor . I watch they stack that body ... ( more ) ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 4 ) wasserman ( cont 'd ) man , woman , child . they look like 2,000 year old mummy . they break apart like 2,000 year old mummy . Cynthia gasp . wasserman ( cont 'd ) if it be a accident ... fine . if it be not ... the person responsible could still be out there . ( pause ) and he 's probably as interested in miss Weston 's memory as I be . he turn , nod to Cynthia . wasserman ( cont 'd ) feel better . he go out . Cynthia 's breath come in short gasp . finally she calm . cynthia I do not like that man . berrisford that make two of we . he sit beside she again . berrisford ( cont 'd ) but as long as you be here ... ( smile ) I can keep he away . camera tightens on Cynthia as she consider this ... CUT to : 26 int . meeting room - day 26 the room be cheery , command a view of the city . a video camera sit unobtrusively in one corner . six people sit in chair in various stage of interest and / or boredom . they be miriam , a attractive woman in she forty , who chain - smoke designer cigarettes ; connie , smile , chipper ; ( continued ) 18 . continued : ed , overweight , friendly ; lana , pale , worried look ; and gilda , tiny , frighten , withdraw . she sit with foot pull up on she chair , arm wrap around she knee . camera adjust to show Cynthia drive she electric wheelchair into the room and into a place in the circle . ralph stand . long-haire , with the staccato delivery of a stand - up comic , he smile . ralph well , now that we be all here , we can begin . Cynthia , I be Dr. Goldman , and I would like to welcome you to we little group . I do not know how much my colleague Dr. berrisford have tell you about my method . I have my detractor ... but I have my success , too ! we be go to get you out of you depression ... we be go to get you out of you neurosise ... we be go to get you out of that hideous hospital robe and into a flimsy revealing negligee - - one with the little hole here ? I can see we now on a desert island ... you , I , a portable waterbed -- as Cynthia 's eye widen , dr . alan goldman come into the room , sigh with weary familiarity at Ralph 's antic . ( actually , Alan do not look much more like a doctor than Ralph . ) alan Ralph , sit down and cut out the shit , okay ? ralph Dr. Goldman , I be on the verge of a major breakthrough , and you blow it ! alan Ralph ? ( when he sit ) Cynthia . I be Doctor Goldman -- at least , last time I check ... ( more ) ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) alan ( cont 'd ) and I doubt if my welcome can equal Ralph 's , but I will try . this be the borderline personality Group . and you be now a card - carry member . cynthia what 's a borderline personality ? miriam do not ask he . he 's make this up as he go along . alan a borderline personality be one that can not be accurately place on the neurosis - psychosis arc . as a personality syndrome it encompass identity crise , chemical addiction , emotionalism , anxiety - ralph ( stand , scream like Sam kinison ) you forget violent mood swing ! he sit , smile sweetly . connie he also forget suicidal tendency . but , as one whose previous reincarnation stretch back to ancient atlantis , well , suicide be meaningless anyway . ed and do not forget binge eat . ( pause ) gourmet binge eat . miriam ( sweetly , to Cynthia ) I tell you he be make this up . alan if everyone be finish -- lana ( break in ) they be not finish , Dr. Goldman , they will not be finish until they have she feel as miserable and pathetic and confuse as they be . ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 3 ) cynthia I be confuse -- lana see ? ( to the group ) I hope you be all happy -- cynthia Dr. Goldman , I ... I do not really know what I be do here . I mean ... I do not think I meet you description of a borderline personality -- ralph give yourself some time , Cynthia . we will help you work on it . cynthia -- and I do not really know what I be do here . alan do not Dr. berrisford explain ? cynthia he say he think that this would help I ... fit into the 80' . Miriam crack up . miriam honey , you want to fit into the 80' , you be already two divorce , one condo and a yeast infection behind . why do not you just catch up with the 70' and move to Cleveland ? alan if I can offer a more practical suggestion ... why do not you talk , Cynthia ? cynthia talk ...? alan about something close to you . ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 4 ) miriam stop beat around the fuck bush , Goldman ! just come out and ask she ! lana ( to Miriam ) do you have to be so crude ? miriam come on , Cynthia . dish out the dirt . tell we all about Unity House . ( gesture a marquee ) the last gasp of the Age of Aquarius . Building a better world through ... what ? chemistry ? good vibration ? tie-dy you undy ? cynthia I be sorry to disappoint you . I do not have that kind of storey . ralph back off , Miriam . Cynthia , just tell we about the orgy . cynthia Ralph , I be go to bore you . she think for a minute , start to speak . she 's hesitant at first , and then the old memory come forward . she 's sincere , earnest ... captivate . cynthia ( cont 'd ) what we feel ... what we believe ... be that if people could become selfless enough , if they could free themselves from they ego , they would experience a ... togetherness . a... oneness . a Unity . that 's where the name come from . we have a dream about a perfect society base on trust . on love . on totally commit togetherness . we be not try to change the whole world . we be just try to change each other . pause . everyone be affect by she sincerity . ( continued ) 22. continued : ( 5 ) ralph ( act out ) bullshit . gilda no . 27 new angle 27 as everyone turn , astonished . gilda get out of she chair , slowly walk towards Cynthia . take she hand . and smile . gilda ( cont 'd ) it 's beautiful . it do not matter if it work . all that matter be ... you try . cynthia ( touch ) exactly ! CUT to : 28 int . berrisford's office - night 28 widen from a tv screen which show the above moment . as the group session continue under , camera pan to reveal berrisford and Alan watch the tape . alan gilda have not say three word in three week . and now , Cynthia come in with this love , peace and woodstock routine and ... presto . be I miss something , or what ? berrisford she 's espouse a total belief system . a kind of holistic heal matrix not unlike the dynamic energy shift model . be not that interesting ? they be adopt it , embrace it . alan too bad we can not follow through on this . berrisford why not ? ( continued ) 23. continued : alan Dr. berrisford , the people in this group ... some of they be deeply disturb . Cynthia do not belong with they -- a experiment for one session , fine , but in the long run -- berrisford Alan . we have open primary channel of communication . you have open they , Alan . let 's not rush to throw away we progress . neurose be hardly contagious . a few week in the group will not hurt Cynthia . with luck , she will overcome she memory trauma . that would mean progress ... not to mention get Lieutenant wasserman off my back . in the meantime ... he stand , put he hand on the young man 's shoulder . berrisford ( cont 'd ) she seem to like you . see if you can get she to open up , and let 's press on . ( pause ) with a united front ? alan a united front . sure . satisfied , berrisford smile , go out the door . Alan sigh , and look at Cynthia 's image on the screen . CUT to : 29 int . physical therapy room - day 29 patient in different stage of fitness use the equipment , some with supervision , other on they own . hettie , berrisford 's chief nurse --a selma diamond type --come in with a tray of medication in paper cup . she work she way over to where 30 cynthia 30 be do log lift on a bench . she 's in a leotard and leg warmer , and there 's real color in she face for the first time . ( continued ) 24 . continued : hettie Drop down to first gear , honey . it 's Miller time . she fumble on she tray for the cup mark " Weston , " hand the pill to Cynthia along with a cup of juice . cynthia what be this ? vitamin ? hettie beauty secret from the orient . look what they have do for I . Cynthia laugh , take the pill . hettie move over to Ralph , who 's just finish do bench press . hettie Ralph , you in a cooperative mood , or do I have to tie you up again ? ralph promise , promise . he take the pill she give he , smile . she just look at he , tap he mouth . hettie open . of course the pill be still under he tongue . hettie give he a shot in the solar plexus and he gulp . hettie hand he the juice . hettie ( cont 'd ) next time I hit lower . she move on to other patient . Ralph move over to Cynthia . ralph she 's crazy about I . ( watch Cynthia 's workout ) you be come along . a regular Rocky . cynthia Rocky ? the fly squirrel ? ralph Rocky the fight stallone . ( on she blank look ) ( more ) ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 2 ) ralph ( cont 'd ) I keep forget you just leave the twilight Zone . hey , why do not you come up to my room , and I will bring you up to date . I have get a vhs vcr , a CD , and MTV . cynthia you be make this up ... be not you ? he just grin . she slip down to the floor , do some stretch exercise . cynthia ( cont 'd ) sound like a complicated world . how do you handle it ? ralph well , whenever it get to be too much , I just let all of the negative stuff out of my body . cynthia you mean with meditation , yoga , what ? ralph Nah . I just make a little hole and let it all escape . he pull open he shirt . on he chest and arm be dozen of scar in neat little row . Cynthia swallow , stunne . nonpluss , Ralph button back up . ralph ( cont 'd ) uh-uh , here come the assistant Ayatollah . see ya . as Ralph exit , Cynthia look around , puzzle . cynthia " ay-a-toll -ah ..? " then she see Alan . alan buy you some lunch ? cynthia sure . ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 3 ) he start to help she up . she push he off get up with a theatrical hop . alan I be impressed . they walk out of the therapy room . cynthia impress enough to call I a cab ? alan I be not sure I follow you . cynthia I have be talk to Ralph . he tell I about he ... personal therapy program . ( as Alan wince ) and I have be watch the other ... Dr. Goldman , they belong here . I do not . 31 int . corridor - day 31 they pass lana and Miriam who be swallow medication from hettie 's tray . the two woman patient wave at Cynthia , who smile . alan ( as they walk ) please , call I Alan . Doctor Goldman be my father ... ( think ) ... and my grandfather . I think my first baby toy be a stethoscope -- cynthia you be change the subject ... ( try it out ) -- Alan . I be feel stronger . I be get use to thing like VC ess and mcd . I want to leave . alan ( carefully ) you parent die when you be a child . we have not be able to locate any relative . he stop at the elevator door , hit the button . ( continued ) 27 . continued : alan ( cont 'd ) where would you go ? cynthia I guess I would just look up some of the old hand from Unity House ... crash with they for a while ... ( think ) ... do people still say " crash " --? alan Cynthia ... ( gently ) there be not any old hand leave . the fire that injure you ...? it take everyone also with it . they be all go . Cynthia react as if strike ... have to loan against the wall to catch she breath . cynthia I know there be death ... but ... everybody ? alan I be afraid so . look , Cynthia ... I be not say this to upset you , but the sooner you realize that that whole phase of you life be over , and move on , the better off you be go to be . why do not you bring this into the open ... talk about it in group ? oh , here 's we ride . say this , he turn as a elevator open . it 's pretty crowded . he hold the door for she . cynthia ( confuse ) talk about it ...? see he 's wait , she straighten , move into the elevator . 32 int . elevator - day 32 alan could somebody hit one ? thanks . ( continued ) 28 . continued : cynthia ( to he ) " talk about it in group . " be that the answer to everything around here ? the door close . everyone huddle in the compact space silently , politely . the elevator heave into movement . it hum as it whisk down the shaft . the overhead fluorescent light in the car be weak . it flicker off and on momentarily . alan nobody ever say it would be easy . and it work for a lot of people . cynthia ( gently ) it 's not work for Ralph ... or he chest . ( plead tone ) can not you at least transfer I ... get I in a group of people with problem a little more like mine -- alan Cynthia , we do not have a lot of patient who have be in a coma for over a decade ! the light get weaker . finally it just go out . there be a general sigh of annoyance from the passenger . the light flicker on every few second give off the effect of a strobe light . a passenger you would think with what they charge here they could pay they electric bill laughter . cynthia relax . they be probably give shock therapy . ( for Alan 's benefit ) " it work for most people " . more laughter . then Cynthia be riveted by the sight of something across the elevator . ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 2 ) in the light of the next strobe like flash , we see harris ! he be stare at Cynthia . 33 on cynthia 33 stagger , disbelievingly , she move behind Alan , look over to the far corner again . another flash . Harris be go . suddenly the elevator jerk to a halt , but the door don't OPEN . passenger groan , annoyed . passenger oh , great -- the emergency bell start sounding . Cynthia , still confuse , get shove against the back wall as the passenger busy themselves push button . Cynthia bump into the man next to she . she look up at he . flash . it be Harris . flash . Harris reach out to Cynthia . she cry out , jerk away , slamm into Alan , fall to the floor . passenger ( cont 'd ) Jesus , lady , relax ! we be on the ground floor -- cynthia let I out ! let I out --! flash . Cynthia be on the floor . she raise she head . someone be on the floor right across from she . flash . it 's Harris . his face be burn and skeletal . he grins . harris Unity , Cynthia ... now and forever ! he have no eyelid or lip . Cynthia scream , struggle to she foot , knock over another passenger . now it 's chaos in here . cynthia let I out , let I out ! Alan , help , help --! ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 3 ) harris Cynthia , you cannot run ... you belong to we forever --! 34 alan 34 struggle across the crowded elevator , catch she in he arm . alan Cynthia ..? the elevator door suddenly OPEN . 35 int . first floor corridor - day 35 Cynthia literally tumble out of the elevator , stagger along the wall , hold herself up . Alan run out to aid she . the passenger get off the elevator , look at she oddly . a custodian run up and turn off the alarm . alan Cynthia , what happen --? cynthia it 's he ! it 's he ! he 's alive -- alan who 's alive ? cynthia ( point ) he 's alive ! right over -- she stop . the elevator be open and empty . the passenger watch she , some concerned , some voyeuristic . now they drift away . cynthia ( cont 'd ) ( weakly ) -- there ... Alan just stare at she . CUT to : 36 int . berrisford's office - night 36 berrisford sit , listen intently to Alan . ( continued ) 31 . continued : alan -- hallucination , flashback , I do not know what to call it - berrisford how about psychotic episode ? alan no , no , she do not fit the pattern -- berrisford addictive personality can be borderline . you know that -- alan ( patiently ) she have no history of drug abuse -- berrisford there 's other kind of addiction . ( stand , pensive ) we see it in this fringe religious group ... this instant creed with pseudo - messianic delusion . you have hear how she talk about Unity House ? perhaps that 's she drug . perhaps she 's go through a-- withdrawal of sort . her memory lapse about Unity House be equally symptomatic ... there 's some violent turmoil under that pretty little facade . alan ( skeptical ) you put she in the borderline Group and she become one ? berrisford no . camera tightens on he . berrisford ( cont 'd ) I believe she go into that coma a disturb young lady . Fifteen year later ... nothing have change . CUT to : 32 . 37 int . entrance - berrisford clinic wing - night 37 we can read the name on the lock security door ( albeit backwards . ) a security guard watch a basketball game on a portable set . 38 int . cynthia' room - night 38 this be not the room we see when she be comatose , but a brighter , more residential arrangement . Cynthia sit on the bed , watch as hettie count out pill for she . Cynthia swallow they , hesitates at a red one . cynthia this one 's new . hettie it will help you sleep . ( explain ) sort of a post -elevator cocktail ? Cynthia scowl , take it . hettie go out . Cynthia lie down on the bed , stiff . turn over once or twice . sigh , she pick up the tv remote , shake she head at the myriad button . finally she find the right one , click it . 39 tv - her p.o.v. 39 she 's come in on the middle of a group therapy scene from the bob newhart show . ( note : or maybe the snake pit or SHOCK corridor ? ) 40 back to scene 40 she watch until she realize what it be , then click it off . 41 int . hospital hallway - night 41 hettie lean over the security guard 's desk . the guard groans in frustration a the basketball game end . hettie ( extend she hand ) pay up . twenty buck . neither notice a dark figure pass by close to the camera . 33. 42 int . cynthia' room - night 42 Cynthia lie restlessly in she bed . she hear footstep come closer . they stop at she door . she look over . there be a shadow move in the crack under the door . the doorknob turn . Cynthia sit up . cynthia who 's there ? she reach for the button to call the nurse , but then the door be OPEN , and the figure stand there silhouett . figure ( whisper ) Cynthia ? the figure come forward . Cynthia back off the other side of the bed and turn on a light . it be Victor , the boy we remember from the open scene . the year have be kind to he . he stand there , the dim light spilling on he Army field jacket and bell - bottome jeans . victor Cynthia ? it 's I . Victor . cynthia ( amaze ) Vic ? oh , my God -- she practically leap across the room , hug he with all she strength . victor look at you . ( marvel ) Little cyn. ( impressed ) not so little anymore . cynthia Vic , this be just ... fantastic , it 's the most incredible ... ( hesitate ) but ... how can you be here ? victor yeah . it be after visit hour -- ( continued ) 34 . continued : cynthia I mean ... they say that ... that everybody die . victor ( smile ) do I look like a ghost to you ? cynthia ( rapid-fire ) how do you survive ? how do you find I ? be anyone else -- victor whoa , whoa . it 's a long story ... ( look around ) let I tell it somewhere else . I feel like I be in , like , the Pentagon or something . Cynthia grin , grab a light jacket . cynthia then let 's go awol . 43 int . hallway 43 Victor peek out the door . a orderly pass , then disappear . Victor and Cynthia tiptoe out , sprint down the corridor to a stairwell mark " exit " , and they be go . 44 ext . parking lot - night 44 Victor take she hand , and they run towards a batter vw van . we recognize it and its slogan . cynthia Zeke ! you have still get Zeke ! she run she hand along the dusty side lovingly , and then they hop inside . 45 on the rear license plate 45 rust , date 1973 . the van drive away . CUT to : 35 . 46 ext . victor' apartment - night 46 it 's a tacky but cozy building , circa 1958 . " Zeke " pull up , rattling to a cough halt . they get out , head up the step . 47 int . victor' apartment - night 47 they come in , turn on light . it 's a dingy couple of room , but lush with its variety of object . everything look like it come from the Age of Aquarius : beanbag furniture , paper " Tiffany " shade on hang light , blacklight poster , hang macrame planter . Cynthia love the room and everything in it . but she be particularly draw to a canvas on a easel in the far corner . 48 painting - her Pov 48 it 's of she , sit serenely in a meadow , the Unity House perch prominently on a hill in the distance . ( in the doorway , the bare - chest figure of a man may - - or may not -- be barely visible . ) Cynthia 's clothes in the painting be the one she wear in the open scene . but she face be that of today 's Cynthia . 49 back to scene 49 victor I ... do it by memory . I try to imagine ... what you would ... look like today . guess I come pretty close . cynthia it 's beautiful . more beautiful than I ever be . victor ( softly ) then you need a new mirror . she smile , flatter . suddenly a cat jump up on a crate . victor ( cont 'd ) that 's Chairman meow . Cynthia pick he up . Victor take out a bottle of tequila and two glass . ( continued ) 36 . continued : cynthia you still have not tell I how you live . I really can not remember anything about the ... accident . victor it be not a accident . she stiffen . his eye be far away . victor ( cont 'd ) a lot of people back then , they hate Unity House . hate Harris and he dream ... dream of peace ... of oneness . that hate feed negative energy into the cosmic vortex ... something bad be bound to happen . that hate be so strong ... so envious of what we have ... he have squeezed the shot glass in he hand so hard that it explode . Cynthia jump , and that 's when he notice it . victor ( cont 'd ) ( very normal ) oh , fuck -- cynthia you have cut yourself -- she come over , bind he hand with a dishcloth . he hold onto she . victor I guess talk about the past can be a little dangerous . he pour a shot into the remain glass . victor ( cont 'd ) let 's drink to the present . ( pause ) to we . he sip . pass the glass to she . 50 cynthia 50 she hesitates ... smile . drink . there be a drop of blood in the glass . she do not see it . ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 2 ) cynthia to we . 51 back to scene 51 victor ( quietly ) to ... Unity . he pull she close . they kiss ... she seem to malt in he grasp . the cat jump down . slowly they kiss and touch each other . they stop and stare into each other 's eye . he move he hand over she shoulder , neck , through she hair . she be completely he . dissolve to : 52 int . bedroom - later that night 52 half a dozen candle illuminate the room . Cynthia and Victor be make love . not violent , but slow , passionate , dreamlike . they be completely enjoy each other . the satisfaction seem spiritual . they stare into each other 's eye the entire time . they be lose . gradually Victor 's rhythm build . as he momentum increase , as the ecstasy near , Cynthia accelerate too . heaving , gasp , they be approach a beautiful climax . but just when it seem Victor be on the verge , the very threshold , he stop and jump violently out of bed . victor oh Jesus ! cynthia Victor ? Victor pace around the room , practically bounce off the wall . victor oh , my God . I can not believe it . what a great idea ...! too amazing ! too amazing ! cynthia be something wrong ? ( continued ) 38 . continued : victor not wrong , Cynthia ... right ! the most right thing in the world ! he go to he closet and pull out a shoe box . he hold it with a coy expression , like a kid hide a frog . Cynthia 's annoyance with the break in mood fade in light of he exuberance . they tone with each other remain loving , kid . cynthia be you go to tell I you little secret , or should I just get dress ? victor I be sorry , cyn , but I just get the most incredible idea . it 's absolutely beautiful ! do you want to know what it be ? cynthia ( exasperate ) yes ! he sit on the bad . victor I be just think about what we be do here together ... cynthia I should hope so ... victor would not it be incredible if , right at the perfect moment right when we be come , if we do it ? cynthia do what ? victor what we be mean to do , of course . cynthia ( puzzle ) ... mean to do ...? ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 2 ) victor that sunset . that last night . at Unity House . remember ? cynthia no ... no , Victor , I do not ... victor ( distant ) they all get to go . you and I ... we get leave behind ... while they go on . ( chuckle ) guess that 's why they say life be not fair . well ... he open the box . Inside it be two pistol . victor ( cont 'd ) -- we can fix that . cynthia ( stiffening ) my God , Victor ! put that away -- he ignore she , check the cylinder on the revolver , the clip on the automatic . victor this be so great ! I mean , I have be live with all this shit , think about you , search ... go nowhere . and you , hell , you do not fit in with Ralph and Miriam , that other flake ... berrisford and Goldman , they be a waste of time -- cynthia h-how do you know about they ? I never -- he slam the clip home , close the cylinder . victor yeah . we have the answer , way back then . Unity . Unity , now and forever . Cynthia , this be we second chance ! she shrink away from he on the bed . he bounce closer like a kid at a pajama party , hold out one of the pistol . ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 3 ) victor ( cont 'd ) okay , you do I , and I will do you -- but wait until I say go ! hey , get rid of the sheet ... let I see that grow up body ... he grin , put the gun to she head and get a top of she . cynthia no , vic. please . please ! I do not want to do this ! victor yes , you do . you know you do . cynthia no ! he 's hold she down . he 's get into it . victor oh , Cynthia , it 's so beautiful . cynthia God , God , no -- victor we be on the edge of space and time . he spread she leg under the sheet . she 's struggle against he , but it 's no use . he 's too strong . he 's come closer . victor ( cont 'd ) oh , good ... good ... ummm ... ummm ... ( continue ) Cynthia , it 's happen . put the gun to my head . cynthia Jesus , Vic , no ! victor yeah , oh yeah ... oh , yeah -- a shot sound . she scream -- CUT to : 41 . 53 int . bedroom - night 53 Cynthia bolt up out of bed . cynthia no ! the candle be out . Victor be not in the room . Cynthia , drench with sweat , slowly catch she breath . she look around , confuse . cynthia ( cont 'd ) Vic ? she go into the other room . 54 int . live room 54 no Vic . it be dark except for a FIRE in the fireplace . the flame reflect oddly on the slick surface of the oil painting of Unity House . cynthia Vic ? she check in the kitchen . nothing . she look back in the bedroom . the apartment be empty . she 's just calming when --meeow ! the cat leap out of nowhere , startling she , and then run out of sight . she swallow . very nervous now , she sit on the couch and start pull on she jeans and shoe . the camera move around she , revealing the entire apartment . we see every angle . it be completely quiet and still . the camera settle at one angle on Cynthia . a shadow behind she move . victor where be you go ? Cynthia jump from fright . cynthia Jesus , Vic . I think you ... leave . victor I ? leave you all alone ? he pull she into he arm . she hesitates . ( continued ) 42 . continued : cynthia Vic ? Vic , be you ... happy ? victor that ... ( kissing she ) ...has to be .. ( kissing again ) ... the stupidest question I ever hear ... he keep kissing , caress . cynthia I mean ... with ... life . with ... be alive . he look at she oddly . victor what be you talk about ? cynthia ( relax ) never mind ... I have this ... bizarre dream ... victor welcome to reality . he touch she soft face . he run he hand down she neck . they kiss again , she now completely without reservation . they embrace be so all - encompass that , when she open she eye , it 's only then that she sees 55 closer 55 she be kissing a burned and scarree face with only clump of puppy black muscle hanging on the bone . it be Harris ' face , the face we see in the elevator . Cynthia gasp , fumble backwards off of the sofa . victor ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? she look back up at he . he 's Victor again , normal again . victor ( cont 'd ) Cynthia ? she knock over a tequila bottle . it 's spill all over the floor . she be speechless . he pick the bottle up . ( continued ) 43. continued : ( 2 ) victor ( cont 'd ) why do you pull away ? cynthia I ... I think I would better go . victor why ? she 's over by the door . Victor come and press against it so she can not get out . cynthia please let I out . victor I do not understand ... what do I do ? cynthia nothing . it 's not you , it ... it 's I . I just want to go . victor you know , maybe you belong in that clinic , because this , this be crazy ! we be have a good time -- ( on she look ) I be sorry . look , what we be feel ... it be special . she soften -- victor ( cont 'd ) -- it be Unity . ( distantly ) Unity , now and through eternity ... Cynthia , you can not run ... that do it . pale , she scrabble at the doorknob , open it , run out . victor ( cont 'd ) you can not run ... you belong to we forever --! 56 ext . STREET - night 56 she run out of the building , past " Zeke . " she look back . ( continued ) 44 . continued : 57 the apartment--her Pov 57 Victor be in the window wave , firelight dance behind he . the reflection on the glass make the painting on the wall look totally aflame . ethereal sitar music up over the following sequence : 58 ext . highway - night 58 Cynthia have she thumb out as the car whizz by . one stop . 59 int . car - night 59 a sweaty - look driver eye Cynthia . she just look off , depressed and afraid . 60 ext . parking lot - dawn 60 she get out of the car and go in the main entrance . 61 int . hospital hallway - dawn 61 she make she way to she room look tired , distraught . 62 int . cynthia' room - day 62 she lie on she bed , exhaust , try to sleep . she can not . she get out of bad . 63 int . hospital hallway - day 63 she 's look for a office . she go in one mark Dr. Goldman . he look up from he coffee , see she ashen expression ... pull out a chair . listen as the word tumble out . his expression change ... to skepticism ... and then , as she break down sobbing , to concern . he hold she ... think ... ... reach for he car key . CUT to : 45 . 64 int . alan be car - day 64 they be travel along the highway . Cynthia point . he turn onto another street . 65 ext . victor' apartment - day 65 they pull up in front , park . go inside . camera linger long enough for we to notice a puddle from a oil leak exactly where " Zeke " be park . the music fade out . 66 int . apartment corridor - day 66 the manager , a fat woman in a muumuu , waddle ahead of they , a huge keychain clinking with each of she step . manager apartment 2 - B , right ? Alan look at Cynthia . cynthia right . manager 2b or not 2b , that be the question . she chuckle at she own wit , arrive at the door . open it . 67 int . apartment - day 67 they step inside . the place be completely bare . no furniture . nothing . Cynthia be stunne . cynthia b..but ... it ... it 's empty ! manager of course it be . I do not show rent apartment . anyway , what you see be what you get ... one bedroom , gas range , yadda yadda yadda . ( more ) ( continued ) 46 . continued : manager ( cont 'd ) suppose to be six month minimum , but you seem like nice kid , so if you want a month to month , we can work it out . cynthia this ... this be impossible ... Alan , I be here ... he be here - Cynthia be staggering around the room , look everywhere . she stare long and hard at a dust - free rectangle where the painting ... ... might have be . alan ( to the manager ) how long have this place be vacant ? manager ' Bout six week . couple a deadbeat ... they damn kid tore the hell out of it , too -- cynthia Alan , I do not care what she say , this be it ! look , look -- ( point ) there 's a double - door closet in there on the leave . Alan go in . 68 int . bedroom - day 68 Alan look and see the closet as she describe it . 69 int . live room - day 69 cynthia ( as he come back out ) well ? alan Cynthia , a double closet be not exactly a positive i.d . -- manager what be you two talk about ? you wanna rent , or what ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : Cynthia look around , suddenly point to a stain on the rug , triumphant . cynthia there ! there , look -- that 's where I spill the tequila ... ( on she knee , desperate ) see ? see ? it 's still wet ! manager ( apologetic ) hon , I think that 's from the ceiling ... camera tilt up . there be , indeed , a corresponding damp spot directly above the one on the rug . as we watch a drip plop down . manager ( cont 'd ) ... damn plumber be suppose to fix it last week . ( smile ) so ! we in business ? CUT to : 70 int . berrisford's office - day 70 wasserman slam he hand down on the desk , furious . Cynthia jump , squeeze Alan 's hand . berrisford sit quietly , lean forward and pick up the pan holder wasserman have displace . wasserman twelve hour ! you wait twelve hour to tell I about this ? be I suppose to be grateful for you civic-mindedness ? I tell you the Unity House case be still open -- ( point at Cynthia ) -- and she 's the only lead . you should have call I the minute you find out -- berrisford ( calmly ) found out what ? Lieutenant , if I call the police every time one of my patient experience a fantasy or a delusion , you would have to move in here -- ( continued ) 48 . continued : cynthia ( sharp , step forward ) it be not a delusion ! Victor lune be here -- berrisford the security guard do not see anyone -- cynthia then the security guard need glass ! Alan , tell they -- alan ( on the spot ) the apartment do match she general description -- wasserman -- a one bedroom flat with a beige rug ... that 's rather ... generic . cynthia -- Victor be not generic -- wasserman Victor be dead ! Dead for fifteen year -- cynthia -- you have see he body ? wasserman -- it be burn beyond recognition -- but there be i.d . -- cynthia I know it -- I know it - alan Cynthia . look ... we have all do it ... tumble out of bed positive that we have just live something that be only a dream -- cynthia ( firmly ) damn it , it be not a dream -- I be out there -- ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 2 ) wasserman no one 's deny you flow the coop , miss Weston ... you wanna prove the rest ? lemme get a policewoman to stand by while a gynecologist check out you plumbing . we will see soon enough if you ghost leave a call card -- Cynthia haul off and give wasserman a tremendous slap . cynthia you bastard . she go to the door , look at the doctor . cynthia ( cont 'd ) you ... ( search ) -- expert ! she go out , slam the door . wasserman rub he jaw , check he mouth . berrisford wonderful ! wonderful ! I have be wait and wait for she to finally show real anger -- real emotion ! this could be a breakthrough ! ( sincere ) thank you , Lieutenant . wasserman hold a fill in he fingertip . wasserman hey. anytime . CUT to : int . therapy room - day camera pan past a row of pillow . we widen , see that each member of the group have a big pillow in front of they . alan okay . first off , we be all go to feel a little silly and maybe look a little silly ... ( continued ) 50 . continued : ralph ( a la groucho ) especially in that shirt you be wear , Goldman ... 70a new angle - favoring cynthia 70 a she sit , look very distract . as Alan continue speak , he occasionally look at she , but -- to she relief -- deliberately do not single she out . alan ( amused , but push on ) -- but this technique work , and we be go to release some of we hide aggression . who 's go to go first ? lana ? lana ( pause ) how many helpless goose have to die to fill that stupid pillow ? alan ( as everyone groan ) none , lana . they be polyester . Ed ? want to start ? ed Nah . let 's talk about the geese again . Nice fat one , with all the trimming -- alan all right , how about if we all start together and eliminate the wimp factor . come on . he start pounding he pillow with a steady beat . gradually , self - consciously , the other join in except for Cynthia . alan ( cont 'd ) ( stand , walk around the circle ) okay . what be we feel ? connie ( as she pound ) we use to do something like this in the royal palace in atlantis . but we use bag of dry kelp . ( continued ) 51 . continued : ( 2 ) ralph you brain be a bag of dry kelp -- alan ( chide ) Ralph . Miriam ? miriam ( pound ) I be pretend this be my first husband ... no , maybe my third ... ( grin ) can I have a baseball bat ? alan please , people , let 's work at be serious . he move behind Cynthia , who 's still unmove . leans close , whisper . alan ( cont 'd ) I know you have a rough night . but you have to participate . she sigh , start to pound the pillow . at first she 's very distract , but then she get into a unconscious rhythm ... 70b group - quick shot 70 B all of they be finally and legitimately exorcise personal demon . alan ( cont 'd ) okay , that 's better . now let 's hear some emotion . let it out . yell ! scream ! Miriam give a very theatrical scream . there 's some laughter , but other try , too . gilda begin to give little angry yelp . Ralph be really punch some ancient enemy . connie do a respectable if modest scream . Ed snarl with more anger than we would expect . 70b cynthia 70 B begin hit the pillow with grow strength . her eye be far away . she begin to breathe heavily . camera tightens on her . she close she eye . when she open they , she react to -- 52 . 75 int . unity house common room - night 75 the scene in exactly like the first time we see this room with one difference : the hospital Group therapy crowd sit in the room . they be oblivious to the change around they . now they pound gradually unify , become a background voodoo - like drumming . Cynthia be speechless . she look at then in amazement , but none of they notice she . suddenly she see 75a harris 75 a he 's across from she , smiling . again , he sleek back he hair in that amber liquid . harris you fail I , Cynthia ... you fail all of we ... Harris hold a wooden match . with it he press back a fingernail . it snap off and bleed . Harris watch Cynthia . harris ( cont 'd ) we be suppose to be together ... in this world ... and in the next ... camera widen to take in the cistern of liquid . we see the drip wet Unity member . harris ( cont 'd ) it be go to be perfect , all of we take the same journey ... you should not have run . you make we wait for you while you sleep ... all that year . he press back another nail SNAP . camera widen further . now we see something we do not see before : a dozen or so plastic jerry can mark " gasoline --danger--plammable . " harris ( cont 'd ) the wait time be over , my lovechild . it 's time for you to join we . in Unity ... another . SNAP . hand and face everywhere be soak . they drip . ( continued ) 53. continued : harris ( cont 'd ) in death . you know you want it . SNAP . drip . 75b cynthia 75 B her throat muscle constrict , but she can not speak . she look over at Alan , who seem not to see any of this . now , eye widen in horror , Cynthia look down and see a pool of gasoline spread toward her . it wash against the pillow , she knee . 75c back to scene 75c harris ( cont 'd ) you know we be you family ... SNAP . drip . harris ( cont 'd ) ... you have no choice ... he take the match and strike it through the pile of nail . the nail scatter . harris ( cont 'd ) ... come to we , Cynthia . it 's time to die . do not lot another take you place . come to we ... now . the match be light . he throw it off . 76 slow motion 76 it fall through the air . land on the soak carpet . a explosion of flame . they rush toward cynthia -- cynthia nooooooooo --! it be a blood -curdle and heart -stopp a scream as ever hear . there be a flash of light . CUT to : 54 . 77 int . therapy room - day 77 Cynthia 's scream trail off as she throws herself back from the pillow . the Unity House member and Harris be all go . the group therapy people all turn to she in amazement . 77a miriam 77a open mouth , she drop the match she 's hold to light a cigarette . it sizzle on the rug . Alan stomp it out , rush over to Cynthia , who sag in he arm , CUT to : 77b int . alan' office - day 77b Cynthia sit in a crumpled sprawl in Alan 's office . the room be decorate in comforting tone , with Sierra Club poster and outdoors -y souvenir . the late afternoon sun steam in through the partially close blind . Alan sit beside Cynthia on the couch , concerned . berrisford suck on he pipe , make note . wasserman , rock on the leg of he chair , jot in he own little notebook . cynthia ( softly , tense ) ... they ... they sing song as they stack up the white container ... they be ... happy . because it be go to be they break with the world ... a world that do not understand they . I do not remember if they take a vote or if Harris just ... decide . but they all agree . they be ... happy ... smile ... laugh ... cry from happiness as he drench they in the gasoline ... wasserman ( under he breath ) -- Jesus -- ( continued ) 55 . continued : cynthia somehow , I ... I know it be wrong ... I run ... when he throw the match , I be at the other end of the hallway ... there be a flash ... and a ... like a wind , or the hand of god-- pick I up , throw I ... the ceiling fall in ... when I open my eye ... ( she look up ) I be here . hettie appear in the doorway , tray in hand , raise she eyebrow inquisitively at Alan . Alan nod immediately : Hell , yes . hettie come in , give Cynthia she medication . wasserman close he book , look thoughtful . alan ( to wasserman ) if that 's what happen , why do not you find any evidence of arson ? wasserman the plastic jerry can would have burn up before anything else ... we know there would be a explosion ... we just do not know how or why . berrisford stand , approach wasserman as the police officer close he book , move to the doorway . berrisford well . you must be pleased . close a case after ... what be it , twelve year ? wasserman who say it 's close ? the medical people look at he . Cynthia 's thought be elsewhere . alan what 's that suppose to mean ? wasserman when the fairy princess here wake up , she say she do not remember anything about 32 death . now she remember they commit suicide ... ( more ) ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 2 ) wasserman ( cont 'd ) but she , of course , be innocent . who know what she will remember tomorrow ? running for help ... or pour gasoline on the fire ? he go out . hettie that man 's a candidate for shock therapy ... with a car battery right to the cojone . cynthia no ... he 's right . I be guilty . they look at she , startle . cynthia ( cont 'd ) I be guilty of lie ... to Unity House . I promise to be part of it ... forever . they expect I to keep my word . ( pause ) they still do . she stand , go out . Alan and hettie look worried . berrisford look ... unsurprise . he turn to Alan . berrisford well , Alan . still think she do not belong in the group ? Alan just look at he . CUT to : 80 int . locker room - day 80 Cynthia , in she bathrobe , wander out of the shower in between the dark , steamy row of locker . she pass lana and Miriam . Miriam be dress , and lana be put on a swimsuit . miriam nothing like a hot shower , huh ? Cynthia do not hear or see they . she settles on the far end of the bench . she sit there blankly . lana near , with great trepidation . lana Cynthia ? Cynthia ? be you okay ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : Cynthia look up . cynthia what ? lana be you all right ? after that session today , I -- cynthia I be fine . Cynthia start to dress , ignore lana . lana stand there for a moment , very awkwardly . lana I think ... you be a decent person ... not a ... mean spirite witch like some people ... she throw a look at Miriam , who just smile pleasantly . lana ( cont 'd ) -- and , well , if you need a friend here ... cynthia ( distant tone ) all my friend be dead . rattled , lana back off , on the verge of tear , rush past Miriam , who have observe all this . miriam lana , wait a minute , she do not mean it -- shit . Miriam close she locker and come over to Cynthia . miriam ( cont 'd ) I know lana 's a mealy - mouth little prude , but she mean well . I probably pull she chain too much ... she 's reach out , like all of we . try and help she . cynthia I can not even help myself . Miriam look at she , puzzle , then exit the locker room , head back to the ward . ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) Beyond the locker , through a doorway , we see lana lowering herself into the pool . Blue ripple line the wall beyond . distant voice ( echo affect ) be cleanse ! the SOUND of the voice unnerve Cynthia . she press she hand against she forehand in pain . we be tight on Cynthia . we hear splashing . voice cleanse the heart of you mind . a bright white light melt across Cynthia 's face . she look up . something draw she forward . 80a cynthia - side angle 80 a she begin walk , pass behind clothes rack and locker . then , somehow , the shadow of this thing become the shadow of tree , and then Cynthia be 80b on a broad field 80b which lead down to a pond . twenty or so people be gather at the edge of the water . we see the Unity House in the distance . Cynthia move behind a tree to watch . Harris stand waist - deep in the pond . the Unity House member all sit or stand on the shore . Harris hold he hand out in a gesture . a girl come forward through the group out into the water . it be Cynthia , the young Cynthia , with long hair in a braid . she smile at Harris as she near he . he clutches she hand . behind the tree , Cynthia watch " herself , " absorb . Harris look into Cynthia 's eye . he touch she face . harris Cynthia . you be part of the whole . he grab she by the back of the head and plunge she violently under water . harris ( cont 'd ) cleanse the heart of the mind ! he yank she up . she smile exultantly . he dunk she back down . ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 3 ) harris ( cont 'd ) cleanse the soul of the self ! he yank she up again , but it 's not Cynthia . it 's lana . before she can catch she breath , she 's plunge back down . 80c lana - closer 80c she 's yank up , but this time she 's not in the pond , she 's in that gasoline - fill cistern ! harris ( cont 'd ) cleanse the spirit of the body ! he hold she under . she start to move she arm around to grab hold of something to pull herself up , but Harris be too strong . she flail around desperately . 80d cynthia 80d alarm , she move forward -- 80e with lana - under water 80e harris ( cont 'd ) ( distant ) cleanse the spirit . lana 's gasp , inhale water , turn blue . Harris be possess . harris ( cont 'd ) cleanse . her movement slow . her eye close . she be completely still . 80f harris - close 80 F he look directly at Cynthia . harris ( cont 'd ) I warn you , Cynthia . I warn you someone else would take you place . 80g under water again 80g his hand withdraw from lana . her eye OPEN . no life there . she float upward . the camera break the surface of the water with her . ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 4 ) we be in the clinic 's swim pool ! on the edge of the pool , Cynthia scream , drop to she knee in horror . 80h other end of build 80h the clinic custodian and some staff run into the room . 80i swimming pool - high angle 80i someone wade out to lana 's body , drag it to the concrete deck , try futilely to pump life back into it . across the pool , Cynthia flail at the people try to help she . CUT to : 80j int . cynthia' room - night 80 J tight on Cynthia 's arm as a clear liquid be injected into she vein . we widen , see berrisford have injected she . Alan watch , concerned . Cynthia flail on the bed , already reacting to the sedative quality of the drug . cynthia -- he kill she - - he kill she because I break my word ... he say he would take someone else , and he do ... she want my help ... my friendship ... that 's why ... he take she ... she 's out cold . behind the doctor , in the doorway , the other clinic patient press close , curious . hettie push they out and down the hallway . hettie move it , people , this be not a sideshow ... get back to you room ... Alan look down at Cynthia with genuine concern . but berrisford eye she totally clinically . berrisford ( think aloud ) fascinating . ( more ) ( continued ) 61 . continued : berrisford ( cont 'd ) she 's a textbook specimen from a collective environment , a immersion philosophy , run by a extremely manipulative figurehead with messianic delusion . Unity House at its apex must have be a classic matrix of belief impression overlaid on collectivity -- ( exciting himself ) that would indicate she 's symptomatic of a hypothetical borderline personality syndrome among cult follower , all externalize they anxiety ! ( turn ) what do you think ? Alan look at he disbelievingly . alan ( explode ) I think she 's fuck freak out about lana ! berrisford ( a shrug ) possible . 88 int . hallway - day 88 the patient file past the nurse 's station , take they med from hettie . they look unsettle . ed ( aside to Ralph ) do you see the swim pool this morning ? the cop be all over it ... fingerprint , photograph ... ralph next they will send in the fuck coast guard . lot of good it will do lana . he smashes he fist on the counter , dent it . hettie look at he . hettie Ralph , we be gonna start billing you for this outburst . ( continued ) 62 . continued : Ralph just crumple he medication cup and throw it towards she . she glare at he , do not say anything . 88a nearby 88a Cynthia and the other woman from the group sit in a wait area . connie sit in a sunbeam , look ethereal . gilda be nearby , unmove ... tear stain on she cheek . connie drown be not so bad ... I remember when I die in atlantis ... it be like fail asleep . you know what 's bad ? Burning . when I be in the great Fire of London , well , let I tell you -- hear this , Cynthia choke back a sob , jump up and leave the room . Miriam whirl on connie . miriam connie , I do not know about you previous life , but in this one , you be a shithead . she follow Cynthia . 88b int . cynthia' room - day 88b Cynthia be on the bad , cry . Miriam come in , sit beside she ... Cynthia jump at the weight on the bad , calm when she see who it be . miriam honey , you can not blame yourself . lana be a unhappy girl . sometimes unhappy girl do foolish thing . cynthia she do not kill herself . Cynthia sit up . cynthia ( cont 'd ) it be Harris . miriam Harris ? ( continued ) 63. continued : cynthia from Unity House . he come to I , Miriam . he talk to I . he remind I that I be suppose to go with they that night -- miriam go with they -- cynthia through the fire . to the next world . they wait while I be in a coma ... he tell I that if I do not join he , he would take someone also ... and he do it , Miriam , he do it ! Miriam get up , she face a mixture of sympathy ... sympathy and something else . she light a cigarette . involuntarily , Cynthia flinch at the spark . cynthia ( cont 'd ) you ... you do not believe I , do you ? miriam I believe that you believe it . and I also believe that shoot you up every time you get the heebie - jeebies be not gonna do shit for you real problem . we gotta get you out of here -- get you to some nice place at the beach or the mountain where you can fight you demon in you own way . right ? cynthia but I do not know anyone . I do not have any money . miriam you know I . cynthia ( skeptical ) and you have money , right ? ( continued ) 64 . continued : ( 2 ) 88c close on miriam 88c miriam look . despite popular opinion to the contrary , I have not always be the career borderline psychotic neurotic that I be today . up until a coupla year ago I be a writer , a reporter , a damn good one too ... Hell , I really kick some ass with that selectric ... she seem lose in think for a moment . unconsciously , she scratch she wrist ... a wrist where we notice for the first time a purple scar across the vein . miriam ( cont 'd ) ( turn ) I be on the staff of a magazine ... well , some people call it a rag , but it be home : I ! Magazine . you hear of it ? cynthia ( shaking she head , diplomatic ) I be in a coma . miriam oh , right . well , when they take I off to the funny farm , saul - - he 's the editor - - he say I be always welcome back . maybe this be the time . see , if I can go to he , tell he you story , I could get a big advance ... I would share it with you , and we would be set ! I mean , girl , you story have everything ... death , hospitalization , weird ritual , maybe a little romance -- I have see all that long glance between you and Goldman - cynthia what --! miriam -- and now with poor lana we get a little mystery . Hell , you be not a article , you be a goddamn mini- series ! ( continued ) 65 . continued : ( 3 ) cynthia I ... I do not know ... miriam Cynthia , let I be honest . this be a great story , and it mean a second chance for I , so , okay , there 's some self interest here . but I really think you need to tell people about Unity House ... about the way decent idea and dream get twisted into something sick and poisonous . you owe it to the world . you owe it to yourself . it 's you life , and you have to ask yourself how you want to live it ... ( sharper ) -- if you want to live it . Cynthia turn , mind make up . cynthia let 's do it . CUT to , . 92 int . hallway - day 92 Cynthia walk along with Miriam towards the bank of elevator . miriam I think I know a way to make a phone call . we will have you out of here tonight . Miriam suddenly stop , almost paralyze with anxiety . miriam ( cont 'd ) Cynthia . this be the right thing to do . cynthia of course it be . miriam uh oh. mum 's the word . Alan be come down the hallway towards they . they move towards the elevator . ( continued ) 66 . continued : alan ( nodd ) lady . good to see you socialize , Cynthia . cynthia yes . ( to Miriam ) see you later . and ... thanks . miriam thank you . Miriam then get into the elevator . the door remain open , Alan turn to Cynthia . alan how be you feel ? cynthia Fine . alan good . he head off in the opposite direction . Cynthia watch he . she turn back towards Miriam . Miriam be alone in the elevator except for one other person . Miriam smile and wave . Cynthia smile and wave . from behind Miriam , Harris , all burn and puffy , smile and wave . the elevator door close . cynthia no ! Alan whirl around . Cynthia rush to the elevator . cynthia ( cont 'd ) Miriam ! stop ! she bang on the button . she pound on the door . everyone in the corridor turn to look . alan Cynthia ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) he start to approach . she run to a stairwell . 93 int . stairwell 93 Cynthia sprint down a flight . she go out onto 94 int . hallway , one flight down 94 Cynthia run to the elevator and pound on the button , but the elevator car have already pass . cynthia ( yell into the door ) Miriam , get out ! she race back to 95 int . stairwell 95 she fly down the step . we can hear alan tailing she . alan' voice Cynthia ! she swing around a turn into a flight and trip . suddenly she 's rolling down a 96 ext . hillside - night 96 she slam into a tree . we see the Unity House in the distance . voice Cynthia ! another voice she 's try to get away ! there be people pound through the brush all around she . she get up and run along the path into the forest . voice Cynthia ! we want you to stay with we ! you must not be afraid ! she be in total panic , run blindly . ( continued ) 68 . continued : cynthia please , no . branch thrash she face . she can barely see where she be go , but she come to a halt when she reach a dark precipice , a cliff which seemingly have no bottom -- just black as night . the people be get nearer . female voice she 's over here . we see someone near through the brush . harris no pain , Cynthia . there 's no pain . come with we . share with we . take my hand . Cynthia look down the cliff . orderly voice take my hand . Cynthia back away . she start lowering herself down , try to get foot . some rock slide out . 97 int . stairwell 97 orderly Cynthia , take my hand . the orderly rush to she , but she waver dizzily and fall down the half - flight . she 's daze , but she become alert when she see the orderly approach . she pick herself up and run . 98 int . tenth floor corridor 98 she get to the elevator . the door be just close , but it open again against a purse -- Miriam 's purse . the elevator be empty . Cynthia whip around look for she . orderly and nurse be move towards she . at the opposite and of the hallway , a window be break . Cynthia run to it . there be a woman' scream from the street below . people yelling . Cynthia look out and down . we know what she see . she cover she face . ( continued ) 69 . continued : a orderly take hold of she . she be docile now , almost weak . Alan run up . he look out the window . so do a nurse . alan Jesus . the nurse cross herself . Cynthia be escort away amid the confusion . 99 ext . sky - day 99 the camera be moving forward , toward the window . it seemingly go out through the window . the frame be fill with bright blue sky . silence , except for a slight breeze . someone be fall through the sky . it be miriam . we see she closer , flow down , the wind rush up round she . she be happy . miriam Cynthia , it 's really quite beautiful . the ground come rush up and we slam into it . black . fade in : 99a int . therapy room - night 99 a it 's not a session . it 's a wake . Cynthia sit , face half in shadow . cynthia they want we all now . they want we with they . whether we like it or not , we be go , alan Cynthia , we be all upset by what 's happen . but let 's not get -- ( continued ) 70 . continued : cynthia Harris promise we eternal bliss on the other side when we be all together . connie eternal bliss .... ralph eternal bullshit --! cynthia Miriam be go to write a story about I . he kill she because she be go to help I get out of here . alan Cynthia , please ... cynthia you be not listen to I ! he want we all to die ! he want you all with they , and it 's because of I ! ( sobbing ) it 's all because of I ... berrisford address a pack of about thirty reporter and photographer and cameramen . first reporter Dr. berrisford , what would you call two suicide on you promise so close together ? berrisford I would call it a tragic coincidence . unfortunately , borderline personality disorder be indicative of a pre-exist disposition towards suicidal tendency . second reporter what about the commune girl ? have she confirm that the fire be some sort of mass suicide ? berrisford as that be a police matter , I be not at liberty to comment on it . ( continued ) 71 . continued : ( 2 ) first reporter speak of the police , doctor , be not it true that they suspect that the recent death may not have be suicide at all ? berrisford that 's completely absurd . where do you get this nonsense ? first reporter ( a smug smile ) from Lieutenant wasserman . he confirm to I that he 's assign some of he officer to the hospital grounds until further notice . pandemonium as the other reporter seize this information . reporter ( rapid fire ) Doctor berrisford , be you cooperate with the police ? Dr. berrisford , do you patient have a history of violence ? berrisford ah ... I have work to do . no further question . and -- flustered for once -- he leave the room . CUT to : 107 int . cynthia' room - night 107 it be raining . Cynthia sit in bed , in the dark . we see the charree and burned harris sit across the room in a shadow . Cynthia look over at he . harris you be in pain , Cynthia . he reach up to he face , and peel off some skin . it crackle and ooze . he peel off more . harris ( cont 'd ) you pain be my pain . we share it all , because we have we love . ( more ) ( continued ) 72 . continued : harris ( cont 'd ) we love will never die . do not make I take another of you friend . keep you promise , lovechild . join I . she stand , fumble for the switch , knock over a glass , and turn on the light . he be go . as she stand there in shock , a hand touch she shoulder , spin she around . she gasp -- it 's Alan , who 's just open the door . he look at she , worried . alan I do not want you to be alone . she sway , dizzy , sag in he arm . alan ( cont 'd ) look like I be right . CUT to : 108 int . connie' room - night 108 connie be sit on she bad . she take she pill from hettie dutifully . Ed come in . hettie what be you do here ? ed you know I at feed time . he take he med from she , smile . chews they loudly and sloppily until she grimace and go out . then , the minute the door close , Ed and connie be in each other 's arm . they kiss like character in a harlequin romance . connie ( come up for air ) why do not you tell I before that you be a Prince of ancient atlantis ? ed it slip my mind ... you highness . ( continued ) 73. continued : she kiss he passionately again . he break the clinch , pull she towards the door . ed ( cont 'd ) they will have bed check soon . I know a better place . 109 int . cynthia' room - night 109 Alan site on the counter across from Cynthia 's bed . he play with the hinge mirror on the wall . alan I do not know if you want to hear this or not , and frankly , I do not care . as he toy with the mirror , we see a canted reflection of first Cynthia and then the hallway . a nurse pass by . 109a on cynthia 109a as she listen . alan ( cont 'd ) you be no more responsible for that death twelve hour ago than you be for the one twelve year ago . something catch she eye . 109b in the mirror 109b connie and Ed walk by . alan ( cont 'd ) think otherwise be put you in a self - replicate spiral of depression . and that put I in a bind ... what do I do , write more prescription ? you need to face reality , not get medicate out of it ... Cynthia gasp . harris have appear in the mirror , follow Ed and connie . ( continued ) 74 . continued : 109c back to scene 109c Cynthia jump up , head for the door . Alan catch she by the wrist , alan ( cont 'd ) damn it , Cynthia , you can not run away from this -- cynthia it 's Harris - - he 's go to do something to connie - - to ed--! Alan slap she . she pale ... try to hit he back . alan good ! get mad -- get angry -- but not at I -- at this fantasy --! she stand on rocky foot , unsure ... 112 int . hallway - night 112 connie and Ed come to a door mark " Utility . " Ed look around cautiously and open the door , relieved that it 's still unlock . 113 int . utility room - night 113 once inside the small space , he kiss connie . he pull out a pint flask of schnapp from he bathrobe pocket . he give she a swig . connie ( wistful ) nectar from the grape of atlantis ! ed no fool you . he lead she back to a door that 's label " danger : authorize personnel only . " the lock be bust open . they go in . 75 . 114 int . turbine room - night 114 there be metal grate step lead up to a platform that sit adjacent to a huge spin turbine , its six - foot blade whirring at top speed . Air duct lead in and out of the space . connie be uplift , frighten , exhilated . they clothes and hair be blow around . they ascend the platform , and sit across from each other . they each take a swig . they kiss softly , spiritually . ed I be so happy . 115 int . hallway - night 115 the door to the utility room close . it lock . 116 int . turbine room - night 116 connie and Ed stare into each other 's eye . they be lose . the camera move in and out between and around they , explore the depth of they absorption . the camera move toward the huge spin turbine . its SOUND build to a tremendous roar . we see connie and Ed through the door into the turbine room . the door be pull close by someone or something . the knob lock . 117 int . cynthia' room - night 117 Cynthia keep look at the door , worried . alan Miriam and lana be both deeply disturb woman . Miriam try to kill herself before . lana be obsessed with the morbid ... you hear she in the session . you can not twist what they do into something other than what it be . just then , all the light go out . ( continued ) 76 . continued : alan ( cont 'd ) now what ? in the darkness , he stumble towards the light , flick it . nothing . the door open . in the dim light of the hallway emergency lamp , we see Cynthia go out . alan ( cont 'd ) damn it , Cynthia , come back --! try to follow , he collide with some furniture . alan ( cont 'd ) shit --! 118 int . hallway - night 118 darkness and confusion . Cynthia pass by the camera . a moment later Alan come by , look for she . other patient come out and wonder . flashlight . a nurse stream by . nurse it 's just overload circuit . everyone , please go back into you room . camera adjust to show a elderly , skeletal custodian , edgar , on the phone . edgar the turbine room upstairs ? all right . ( he hang up ) we will set it straight in a minute . somethin 's catch in the turbine . nurse hurry . 120 int . hallway - night 120 Edgar come up to the utility door , but it will not budge . edgar goddammit . he walk off . 77 . 121 int . utility tunnel - night 121 this be a low passageway between floor . Edgar have to stoop under the duct and pipe . he come to a small hatchway in the coiling above he mark " caution : turbine . " there be a latch which have to be pull to release the hatchway . Edgar pull . it 's stick . he yank with he frail body . the latch barely move . a trickle of blood stream out at the edge , but Edgar do not see it . Edgar yank and pull with all he might , groan and heaving . finally he stop in frustration . he sit a a duct , rest . just then the latch undoe itself . the hatchway slam open . Edgar be shower with red lumpy fluid . he be coat with it . edgar what the hell ? Edgar look down . in the pool of red be a woman 's shoe . puzzle , he bend down , pick it up . something fall out of it . 121a on the floor 121a it be a severe human foot . 121b on edgar 121b as he react in shock , the spin turbine begin to splatter drop of blood on he . CUT to : 122 int . hallway - night 122 Cynthia come towards we . Alan , further down the hall , see she . alan Cynthia --! Cynthia turn , react ... and then react to -- ( continued ) 78 . continued : connie' voice Cynthia . Cynthia . cynthia connie ? she go into another corridor . Alan hurry to catch up , but then have to help a nurse with a frighten older woman . 122a another corridor - with cynthia 122a connie' voice Cynthia . Cynthia move down the hall a bit . she look up at the coiling . 123 angle - the AIR vent 123 connie' voice ( cont 'd ) Cynthia , we be up here ! down the hall further , another vent . ed' voice come with we , Cynthia ! connie' voice you must join we , Cynthia ! Cynthia follow the voice . she be underneath another larger vent with a fan spin inside . everyone in the hall ignore she . harris ' voice Cynthia , you must reach out and embrace we love for you ... you must reach out to I ... we see Harris now , behind the fan , in brief flash of light , burnt then normal , gaze down at Cynthia . he reach towards she . cynthia where be connie and Ed ? his finger be slice off by the fan . he take no notice . harris they be with we now . ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 2 ) we hear splashing . Cynthia look over . gallon of blood and solid matter pour out of the ceiling vent all down the hall . cynthia where be they ? ( she be frantic ) where be connie and Ed ? where be they ? Alan wonder at the pour red , then he hear Cynthia scream . he run down the hall to stop she . the patient and nurse watch the blood pour in horror . Cynthia be get more and more hysterical . cynthia ( cont 'd ) where be connie and Ed ? Alan corner she . alan it 's all right -- it 's all right -- suddenly , out of nowhere , a bl00d - cover body careen into they , drive they apart ! 123a angle 123a it 's Edgar , cover with blood , in a total state of shock . edgar -- horrible -- sweet Jesus -- help I -- Alan struggle to restrain he . nurse run to help . 123b cynthia 123b huddle on the floor in a position not unlike the one from she coma . she sob uncontrollably . CUT to : 123c int . corridor - night 123c Alan and a orderly escort Cynthia to she room . Alan come out , watch Edgar pass by in a wheelchair , rave . Ralph and gilda come up to Alan . ralph what the fuck be go on ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : gilda it 's Ed and connie . they be dead , be not they ? Alan look at she . how do the grapevine get it to she so fast ? alan yes . we be not sure what happen ... there be evidence that they be drink ... they fall into ... the main turbine . ralph fuck ... look , Ed drank before . lot of time . do not know that , do you ? but he do not usually decide to jump into a mix master , man ! alan Ralph , as for you own safety , you be be give the most amount of protection possible . gilda the police be powerless . ask Cynthia . she know . ( softly ) Harris want we all . Ralph look at gilda with almost as much dismay as Alan . ralph Jesus Fucking Christ ! I be get the hell out of here . Ralph storm out . 125 int . hallway - night 125 as Ralph move along , a paunchy policeman intercept he . ralph now what ? cop Lieutenant wasserman assign I to you . where you go -- ( continued ) 81 . continued : ralph I get the picture . try not to shoot I or you fat ass , okay ? CUT to : 126 berrisford's silent image on a video screen 126 127 int . cynthia' hospital room - night 127 the newscast continue silently on the tv in she room . she be get dress . she peak out the door . 128 int . hallway - night 128 the policeman assign to she be down the hall a way , chat with a nurse . Cynthia slip out and down the corridor . she wait for a elevator . when a door open , she try to inconspicuously slip inside but she find herself face to face with Alan who in just get out of the elevator . he hold a grocery bag . alan be not this a coincidence ? cynthia I be get out of here . he take she arm and start lead she back to she room . alan believe it or not , this be the safest place for you to be . the police be here . there be doctor here . and I be go to keep you company , all night . I even bring provision . he show a variety of fast food . alan ( cont 'd ) pure unadulterate junk . at this point , who care about the chemical ? she smile slightly . he hold he arm out for she like a swain escort he date . she take it in a similar spirit . ( continued ) 82. continued : the policeman come out of Cynthia 's room , look for she in alarm . he 's instantly relieved to see she there with Alan . Alan direct she inside . she go . Alan give the policeman a look . alan ( cont 'd ) try harder next time . he go into she room , leave the embarrassed cop behind . suddenly the light return with a eye-jarring flash . the cop have he revolver halfway out of the holster before he realize what it be . 128b int . cynthia' room - night 128b they both react to the return power with relief . Alan take the stuff out of the bag : chip , dip , cookie , six - pack of beer . he offer some of the chip . she shake she head . the tv 's still on . Alan switch channel with the sound mute . cynthia ( with frightening casualness ) connie and Ed be not go to be the last . alan yes , they be . everyone 's under protection . nothing can happen . CUT to : 128c close up - a knife 128c point upwards . a outstretch hand slam itself down , the blade impale through the palm . the hand squirm its finger a bit , then pull off . 130 int . ralph's room - night 130 he get up clenching the perforate hand . he be very calm . he close the knife and put it in a drawer . suddenly , violently , he kick a trash bin . then he be calm again . Ralph 's assign policeman poke he head in the door . ralph's policeman everything okay ? ( continued ) 83. continued : Ralph stick he hand behind he . he be very friendly , very normal . he smile . ralph yes , thank you , officer . hey , lemme buy you a cup of coffee . ralph's policeman ( shrugging ) sound good to I . 131 int . hallway - night 131 Ralph come out of he room . Ralph 's policeman be beside he . his hand bleed , but go unnotice . 132 int . cynthia' room - night 132 Alan lie back in front of the tv , eye close , snoring . sympathetic , Cynthia slip the remote control from he hand ... then there be a knock at the door . she go there , find Ralph , who step inside . ralph ( to he cop ) just a sec . cynthia Ralph ? what be it ? ralph nothing . I just come to tell you -- ( smile , conspiratorially ) everything 's gonna be okay . cynthia what 's go to be okay ? he go into the bathroom and rinse he blood - soak hand . Cynthia see this . cynthia ( cont 'd ) what happen to you hand ? ralph do not worry . everything 's gonna be okay . ( continued ) 84 . continued : cynthia Ralph ? Cynthia be mystify . he go . 133 int . hallway - night 133 Ralph walk off , he policeman follow . cynthia ( yell down the hall ) Ralph ? 134 int . cynthia' room - night 134 she come in and poke Alan awake . cynthia Ralph be just here . his hand be ... all bloody . they go to the door and they be immediately face with hettie . hettie Dr. Goldman , have you see Ralph ? alan I be go to ask you the same thing . she hold up a paper cup with a tablet in it . hettie he do not take he four o'clock . if he miss this one , I be gonna ... Alan take the capsule , examine it . alan shit ! it 's he tranquilizer ! if he do not take this , he will completely flip out --! Alan and Cynthia run down the hall . Cynthia 's policeman follow . 85 . 135 int . hallway - night 135 Alan and Cynthia and the policeman scan for Ralph . cynthia look . 136 angle - on the floor 136 every five or six foot along in a line , there be a moderately - size droplet splatter of blood . they follow the droplet along the hallway . they follow the droplet through a set of double door . 137 int . dark , quiet hallway - night 137 Ralph walk along , he policeman trail . no one else be around . ralph's policeman be you sure you know where you be go ? Ralph stop suddenly and turn to he . Ralph smile warmly . suddenly he hit the cop in the head use two fist . the cop fall . 138 int . hallway in close section or hospital 138 Alan and Cynthia 's policeman move down the hall , follow the drop , scan in doorway . Cynthia be just behind they . this hallway be unused . nobody around . alan be he behave strangely ? cynthia no more strangely than everybody also in this place . cynthia' policeman ( with walkie - talkie ) I can not get he . he must be shut off . ( continued ) 86 . continued : they pass a open freight elevator . Cynthia look in it and stop . there be a droplet of blood on the floor inside . cynthia hey . a bloody hand reach out of the elevator cover she mouth and pull she inside . 139 int . freight elevator - night 139 Ralph hold she , slam the gate close , and flip the switch . the car move down . Cynthia scream . 140 int . hallway - night 140 Alan and the policeman rush up just as the car disappear . alan Cynthia ! 141 int . freight elevator - night 141 they descend . she wipe blood from she face . he look wire . cynthia Ralph , we have to go and get you medication . she slowly move to the control panel . he watch she . just as she be about to reach the button , he violently push she back . ralph relax . he smile . 142 int . basement - night 142 the elevator come down to a stop . Ralph throw the door open . it be a huge dark space , a vast store room . Cynthia will not come out . Ralph gesture politely . ( continued ) 87 . continued : cynthia Ralph , I be not go out . we have to go back upstairs . Ralph grab she firmly and pull she out . cynthia ( cont 'd ) Ralph , please ! ralph I have to talk to you . he lean in the elevator , open the control panel and yank some wire . spark fly . the hum of the elevator motor die . Cynthia be panicked . ralph ( cont 'd ) it 's very , very , very , very , very important that I talk to you . cynthia Ralph , you be not be yourself . can not you tell ? ralph no ! this be the real I ! he fly across the basement and , grab a chair , smashes the control box for the electric cargo door , the only other entrance . he dart up a storage aisle . he rip a phone off the wall . ralph ( cont 'd ) I come down here a lot . it help I unwind . Cynthia can not see he . he wildly pace up and down the storage aisle . Cynthia start to cry . cynthia Ralph , please ! how do we get out ? ralph it 's be say by better man than I in better way in better time -- there be no way out ! she go to a bar window . cynthia help ! ( continued ) 88. continued : ( 2 ) Ralph go into a rage . he push over a huge storage shelf . everything spill and break . amid the rubble a pile of surgical blade lie glint in a pool of light . Ralph look down at it . Cynthia see he look at it . she be afraid . he grab some of the blade randomly and disappear . he be walk crazily up and down the storage aisle . Cynthia only catch glimpsis of he . he jump up and break the individual light bulb which hang on wire , provide the only illumination . the space grow darker . all the while , Ralph talk and talk . ralph there be only a few chance for real glory , and most people fuck it up . most people can not even find the nose on they fuck face . ( jump , break ) you want a example ? how about every fucking doctor in this entire hospital ? do you think I be just go to let myself slowly dissolve into nothingness here ?! ( jump , break ) I be talk about a glorious glory . and everybody 's try to drag I down ! cynthia Ralph , please , they say you have to take some pill . ralph pill have get nothing to do with it ! you know what I be talk about ! he jump , smashes the last bulb . she can not see he . cynthia no , I do not . I do not . ralph you do ! Real glory , hallelujah ! the great big gig in the sky . do not play dumb , Cynthia . she see he at the far and of the aisle . his shirt be off . there be deep , bleed cut all over he chest and stomach . he have blade clench in both fist . ( continued ) 89 . continued : ( 3 ) Cynthia be terrify . ralph ( cont 'd ) I think you know the word I be search for . he start make deep slashes on he arm . ralph ( cont 'd ) U , N , I , T , y! Unity ! cynthia oh God , Ralph ! no ! ralph yes , oh , yes ! eternal bliss ! he stop and raise the scalpel to he chest . he jab they in and cut open down to he stomach . cynthia Ralph , please , stop ! he swat at the one remain lamp . it flicker on and off . Ralph 's eye flutter . he fall . Cynthia rush to he . cynthia ( cont 'd ) Ralph ! he throw a scalpel at she . it miss , but she be spatter with blood . ralph ( fade ) get back . Cynthia be crouch down , cry as she watch he . ralph ( cont 'd ) join we , Cynthia . the light flicker off , then on . a hand be on Cynthia 's shoulder . she look up ... it be Harris . harris join we . the bulb die . blackness . ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 4 ) voice join we . CUT to : 144 int . corridor - night 144 wasserman rush in , raincoat over a pajama shirt and chino slack . another policeman rush to meet he . policeman they be in the basement . the girl 's alive . they run on together . 145 int . basement - night 145 lot of cop , a few doctor and orderlies . Alan be stop by a female cop . he look into the basement area and see Ralph in a pool of blood . a police photographer be take picture of he . Alan stare at Ralph . berrisford be with Cynthia and a nurse . Cynthia be get a injection . wasserman come over to Alan and berrisford . wasserman you be run out of patient , doctor . alan what do she say happen ? wasserman she 's have a little trouble with reality -- as usual . a nurse and a orderly escort Cynthia towards the elevator . cynthia ( to Alan ) Goodbye , Alan . thanks for try . but it 's time for I to go now . Alan suddenly realize what she mean . ( continued ) 91 . continued : alan I have to go with she . where be she be take ? berrisford isolation . alan ( stunne ) isolation ? be you out of you mind ? that girl need human contact --connection --isolation be the worst thing you can do -- berrisford Dr. Goldman , I know you be fond of the girl , but you be out of line . alan shit . you want she on the edge , do not you ... you want to play you theory out to the end -- berrisford Goldman ! wasserman ( interested ) Theory ? anything I should know ? berrisford it 's a extraordinarily complex situation , severe identity crisis compound with the multiple shock of this death . she 's reverting to this total belief system from the commune through a intermittent psychosis that put ideology above she life itself -- alan fuck ideology ! fuck you , berrisford ! you can not use a human be as a guinea pig -- ( to wasserman ) you have to stop this . call it off -- I will -- I will sign she into police custody if I can stay on as she physician -- ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 2 ) berrisford Doctor Goldman . I believe you tenure with my clinic have just come to a end . ( call off ) Security ? would you please escort Dr. Goldman off the premise ? CUT to : 146 int . corridor - night 146 Cynthia be escort through the hospital by the nurse and policeman . she move without resistance , without emotion . we hear cricket . Cynthia hover in a dreamlike calm . the hospital be a blur as they move through it . object pass in front of we view as we track with she . Cynthia , the nurse , and the policeman walk up the path to 147 ext . unity house - dusk 147 the impose facade of the old victorian with its warmly light window look invite . the three make they way over the lawn up the path towards the front porch . a evening breeze be just come up . Cynthia look around , absorb the environment . the policeman and the nurse say nothing . Cynthia turn to they . cynthia would you like to come in ? nurse no , thank you . Cynthia step inside . 148 int . isolation room - night 148 the door be close . it be dark . a video camera hover above . we hear key l0 cking a bolt . Cynthia stand there . voice it 's time , Cynthia . 93. 149 int . corridor - night 149 the nurse put she key in she pocket , look at the policeman , and go . the policeman stay . CUT to : 149a int . berrisford clinic - near exit - night 149a furious , carry a carton of personal item , Alan storm towards the exit . the security guard rise to intercept he . security guard -- Excuse I , Dr. Goldman ? ( apologetic ) I be go to have to ask you for you key card . ( apologetic ) Dr. berrisford 's order . I be sorry . Burning , Alan shift he package , find the card , fling it down on the counter . alan tell berrisford he can use it for a bookmark . maybe then he can find he dick without a road map . security guard we be gonna miss you around here , Dr. Goldman . Alan manage a smile for the man , go out . CUT to : 152 a dim , fuzzy video image 152 focus down until we realize it be Cynthia lie in she bed . we be look at she from directly above . we widen , realize that we be at a nurse's station , where Cynthia be monitor along with other patient . we can see that she be talk . 94 . 154 int . cynthia' room 154 the only illumination come from a small lamp near Cynthia 's bed . she seem comparatively alert . harris ' voice you be always the favorite . we love you . come with we . female unity member all of we together , that 's all we have ever want , be not it ? cynthia why be you do it to everybody else ? why do not you kill I ? 154a on harris 154a his index finger be aflame . cynthia ( cont 'd ) why do not you kill I ? we see the whole room now . it 's fill with Unity House member , all of they . they be sit lean , slumping everywhere in the shadow . among they be connie and ed. connie you have to do it yourself , honey . when you do not ... he take we instead . but we be not mad . it 's wonderful here . female unity member 2 death be like this really beautiful trip Cynthia . we just want to share it with you . lana and Miriam . lana you must not be afraid , Cynthia . Harris in play with he burn finger . miriam if I can do it , you can do it , honey . ( continued ) 95 . continued : cynthia why do not you kill I ? 157 int . nurse's station - night 157 a nurse notice Cynthia 's movement on the screen . she turn the volume up . cynthia ( on tv ) why do not you just kill I ?! the nurse get up . gilda be stand there . she follow . gilda 's policeman lurk nearby . gilda's policeman hey . 158 int . cynthia' room - night 158 harris you have to join we because you love we . you have to do it for yourself . we hear the nurse unlocking the door . a male unity member look over at the door . we seem he momentarily burn . harris ( cont 'd ) you have to do it for yourself -- ( smile ) -- lovechild . we see Harris momentarily burn . he blow he finger out . cynthia but I be so scared . the nurse open the door . the room be empty except for Cynthia on she bed . nurse you want I to call the doctor , honey ? Cynthia say nothing . nurse ( cont 'd ) try to sleep , all right ? ( continued ) 96 . continued : gilda rush in behind the nurse , go to Cynthia . nurse ( cont 'd ) hey , get out of here ! gilda ( frantic ) I can do nothing for you now , but know this -- the answer you seek be inside of you ! it be inside you ! gilda 's policeman come in . nurse get she out of here ! he pull at gilda . gilda ( as she go ) know yourself and you will be at peace ! it be so ! the nurse slam the door close . Cynthia be alone . 159 int . hallway - night 159 gilda 's policeman be on the phone . policeman yeah , I be take she back to she room ... okay , bye . he hang up , look around . gilda be go . 160 int . hallway - elsewhere - night 160 we be following gilda through the corridor back to she room . 161 int . hallway - night 161 gilda 's policeman be still look for she . she 's nowhere in sight . 164 int . gilda's room - night 164 gilda come in and lie down . ( continued ) 97 . continued : momentary silence . a shaft of light hit gilda as someone come in the door . whoever it be near gilda . she be calm . she look over . gilda I know you would come . silence . gilda ( cont 'd ) but you be too late . she hold up a bottle of tablet . we fleetingly see the word " poisonous . " the bottle smashes to the floor . CUT to : 170 int . cynthia' room - night 170 171 tight on her 171 she look like she 's be cry . she stare off into space . someone cross in the shadow to the window . the rubber edging be slit with a scalpel . cynthia it feel good . I know this be right . harris ' voice that 's right . you need we love . we need you love . a shadow hand push on the plexiglass . the windowpane plop onto the pavement below . a breeze waft in . Cynthia get out of bed and come to the window . she look out onto the evening horizon , refresh , fully experience the moment . ( continued ) 98 . continued : cynthia I know this be right . we will all be together . CUT to : 171a ext . hospital - night 171a Alan come out , still fume . he walk along a way and then look at the illuminate sign point out the way to the " berrisford Clinic . " Alan stare at it , then in a sudden release of fury , kick it , once , twice , and then he throws he carton at it . calm , feel like a idiot , he sigh . alan brilliant . do we feel better now ? no. yes. maybe . a think strike he . he reach into he shirt pocket , take out -- 171b tranquilizer - cl0se 171b -- the one hettie hand to Alan two long and bloody hour ago . 171c back to scene 171c alan ( cont 'd ) ( with a shrug ) it 's okay , officer . I will write myself a prescription in the morning . he swallow it , dry , with a loud gulp , then he pick up he papers and thing , head for the parking lot . 171d alan be car - night 171d pullback as Alan unlock it , he carton momentarily balanced on the car roof . the door open , Alan get in , put he box in the cluttere back seat . he shiver from one of that unexpected chill we all get , then put the key in the ignition , start the engine , turn on the light . then he look up ahead and see -- ( continued ) 99 . continued : 171e dr . berrisford - he Pov 171e briefcase in hand , crossing the parking lot up ahead , he long shadow fall across a high retain wall . 171f back to scene 171f Alan sit , face unreadable . he revs the engine . faster . faster . a strange smile cross Alan 's face . he throws the car into gear . 171g berrisford - crossing the lot 171g he take out he key , approach he car ... suddenly react as headlight blind he -- 171h reverse angle 171h Alan roar toward he , grin behind the wheel -- 171i back to scene 171i berrisford gasp , run ! 171j the chase 171j berrisford dodge in and out of car , behind lamp post . Manic , Alan follow he relentlessly , skid around turn , sideswiping as many car as budget allow . finally -- 171k berrisford 171k find himself against a wall - - as tire skid in he scream -- 171l inside alan' car 171l he slam berrisford against the wall . berrisford 's body smack against the brick , rebound onto the windshield , cracking it . Alan recoil from the impact , blood on he lip from he own collision with the steering wheel . he look at berrisford , squirming a foot away with the little life leave in he . Alan cackle , give berrisford the finger . then he throw the car into reverse . ( continued ) 100 . continued : ( 2 ) 171m rear tire 171m skidding backward -- 171n berrisford 171n slide off the car hood , hit the asphalt , he head cracking -- 171o alan' car 171o run forward again -- 171p berrisford - quick cut 171p as the car grind he into the ground , he wrist bone snapping , rib crunching , body twitching . finally he be still . a artery squirt fountain - like into the air . 171q inside the car 171q the blood hit the windshield . idly , distract , Alan turn on the windshield wiper ... suddenly harris sit up in the rear seat , a smile on the burn and scar face . harris good work , Dr. Goldman . now , it 's you turn . skeletal hand grab Alan 's throat . he struggle . kick -- out of the corner of he eye he see - 171r front of car 171r gasoline be flow over the dent hood and through the crack windshield and over the dash and over Alan . more and more come . 171s back to scene 171s holding Alan with one hand , Harris lean forward , pull out the cigarette lighter ! he hold the glowing tip up in the air . harris ( cont 'd ) need a light ? he press the burn tip against Alan 's gasoline soak creek . it sizzle -- Alan scream -- ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 3 ) 171t car - long shot 171t it explode -- CUT to : 171u alan - in he car 171u he jerk he head up , face drench in sweat . he 's still in he original parking space ! he 's never even start the car ! gasp for air , still freak , he open the door , tumble out . 171v parking lot 171v the box of he possession be still on the roof of the car . Alan see this , stagger against the car , fight a wave of nausea . struggle to remain compose , he take he pulse . feel he head . suspicion cross he face . then he hand move to he shirt pocket . 171w flash CUT 171w of himself take the pill by the clinic sign . 171x back to the present 171x finger down he throat . he heave he gut out beside he car ... but when he straighten up , he 's clear eye and lucid . he turn , run like hell towards the clinic . 171y int . clinic pharmacy - night 171y ron , the pharmacist , look up as Alan storm inside . ron Goldman , you look like shit -- alan ( push he aside ) show I the scrip for the therapy group -- ron come on , man , I can not do that -- it 's berrisford 's show all the way -- ignoring he , Alan find the file . alan shit , this be all standard stuff -- ( continued ) 102 . continued : ron what do you expect ? alan do you fill this prescription ? ron Nah , berrisford do it . he come in every morning and set up the medication for the day -- hettie take it as she need it -- alan fuck ! he turn , try to open the glass case with the prearrange trays . it 's lock . he grab a paperweight , smashes the glass . ron hey --! Alan pull out the tray , scan it . he grab ron by the collar , shove the file into he face . alan read it . pesco , Ralph -- ron he 's dead -- alan read it ! what 's he down for ? ron ah , lithium - - four time a day -- Alan grab the tray , hold up a pill . alan be that lithium ? ron fuck , no -- that 's endoral -- the complete opposite - - one of that , even a normal person would flip out -- alan tell I about it -- ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 2 ) Alan look at the tray and its compartment label for lana , Miriam , Ed ... all the other . Alan grab they all . alan ( cont 'd ) what 's this ? and this ? and this ? ron this be , uh , dextroamphetamine ... Christ , take one of this and you can walk on the ceiling . Holy mother . methylphenidate ! do not mass with that fucker . clonodine ! chlorapromazine ! preludin ? shit , I do not know they still make that ... two of this and mother Teresa would turn into a maniac ! Alan in have convulsion of horror . 181 flash cut - on miriam and lana - 181 they swallow medication . 182 on berrisford - 182 he pull bottle off the pharmacy shelf . 183 on connie and ed - 183 they swallow medication . 184 on berrisford - 184 he hand the bottle of medication to the pharmacy administrator . 185 on nurse with ralph's prescription - 185 Alan grab it away . 186 on berrisford 186 he inject Cynthia with medication . ron ( cont 'd ) tetrahydrocannabinol ! do you know what that be ? liquid condense marijuana ! just think about that stuff get you waste . Alan run out . ( continued ) 104 . continued : ( 3 ) ron ( cont 'd ) hey , Goldman , come back here ! who 's gonna clean up this mess --? 187 int . hallway - night 187 Alan run faster . 188 int . nurse's station , isolation ward - night 188 hettie be stand smile in the middle of the hall . Alan near . hettie you be not suppose to be here , Dr. Goldman , be you ? Alan turn . two security guard be come . alan please , hettie , I need you help . 189 int . cynthia' room - night 189 she be at the window , face out . voice now . 190 int . hallway - night 190 Alan rush over to Cynthia 's door and pound furiously . alan Cynthia ! Cynthia ! the two security guard start run over . one of they have he gun draw . Alan want to run , but he see there be no way out . he stick he hand in the air . the guard be upon he . they start lead he away . nurse sometimes doctor get personally involved . I think it 's a mistake . you have get to keep professional . ( continued ) 105 . continued : hettie get some rest , Goldman . you look like shit . he look back at hettie . he see a fire alarm . suddenly , he grab one of the Guard 's gun . he dive against the wall and pull the fire alarm . all of the isolation Ward door open . bell and siren go off . Red light flash on and off . hettie ( cont 'd ) oh , no ! Alan run from the guard , shoot but miss . he run up the hall in the opposite direction of Cynthia 's room . he hide in a doorway . they pass . he head back up to Cynthia 's room . he grab the cop 's chair and run into 191 int . cynthia' room - night 191 he slam the door and ram the metal chair log into the bolt latch to secure the door . siren and bell continue . Alan look over . the room be dark , except for the red light flash on and off . Cynthia be crouch in the far corner by the open window . we can see that the room be otherwise empty of anybody . cynthia get out of here . I want to do it ! alan ( go to she ) no. Cynthia , please . I be not go to be able to come back , but you have to listen ! berrisford 's be tamper with the medication for everybody in the group -- that 's why they have be commit suicide - - he 's be make they crazy -- cynthia but Harris come to I ... he speak to I -- ( continued ) 106 . continued : alan a drug induce psychotic state be very suggestible . all we have hearing for day be " Harris , Harris , " ... so that 's what we all see ... that 's what I see when I take Ralph 's pill ! it 's all part of berrisford 's plan - - he have this fuck - up theory about how you still think you be part of the Unity House , and the only way he can prove it be if you want to kill yourself ! behind Alan , the dark shape of berrisford emerge from outside the window . it be climb inside from the ledge . alan ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ?! he 's go to want you to kill yourself ! he 's recreate the whole thing for you ! but you can not listen to he ! Cynthia be get hysterical . berrisford stand behind Alan with a scalpel . berrisford Dr. Goldman . Alan turn around . berrisford bashes he in the head , neatly slice off some skin . Alan fly against the wall . the gun be knock away . Alan writhes a little , then dip into unconsciousness , Cynthia be a basket case . she look at Alan . cynthia no ... no ... no ... berrisford come to she and start give she a injection . she calm herself . she look at he dreamily . 191a cynthia' Pov 191a she see Harris gaze at she lovingly . ( continued ) 107 . continued : ( 2 ) harris only one thing matter . she touch he face . cynthia we love . we will be together . all of we . berrisford take Alan 's gun . 192 int . cynthia' room - a few minute later 192 Alan come to . the alarm and bell be still ringing . Cynthia and berrisford be go . alan shit ! 193 int . hallway - night 193 the corridor be run amuck with isolation patient ( the worst kind ) all escape from they room . Alan run out of Cynthia 's room . he be surround by bizarre - look people scream , sing , dance , praying . hettie be by the stairway help isolation patient exit . hettie one at a time ! no push ! please do not use the elevator ! Alan be frantically look for Cynthia and berrisford , check everywhere , push open door . the security guard be at the far end of the hallway . Alan go to hettie . alan where 's berrisford ? hettie this be you fault ! this goddamn door will not re-lock ! alan ( furious ) where be he ? he 's go to kill Cynthia ! tell I where he be ! ( continued ) 108 . continued : hettie I have not see he ! the guard see Alan . they come after he . he run . Alan scan every room . he slam into patient . the guard be not far behind . Alan turn a corner , pass a door mark " not a exit : roof access . " it be ajar . he go in without the guard see he . 194 int . stairway - night 194 it be dark , but the red light flash . he run up several flight . the landing face onto the outside with a railing , open , no glass . he turn a corner . Cynthia be there . she in perch on the outside of the railing , a serene expression on she face , the wind blow she frail white gown . Alan freeze . he move towards she slowly , hand outstretch . alan ( soothingly ) Cynthia , take my hand ... just relax ... think about what you be do ... stay calm ... I want you to take my hand ... she watch he blankly . she turn to someone behind Alan . cynthia it 's so beautiful . Alan turn . there on the stair above be berrisford , he face dance in the flash red light . alan ( to berrisford ) you piece of shit ! Cynthia let go . Alan reach out . alan ( cont 'd ) no ! ( continued ) 109 . continued : 195 falling 195 it be a dizzying spiral . we hear the wind rushing up as we go faster and faster down . we slam into the ground . cynthia' head hit rock . 196 on her face 196 she be still . blood drip out she nose and mouth . she be dead . we hold on her until gradually bright light pour in over she . the camera lift up revealing 197 ext . unity house - day 197 Cynthia rise and walk towards the house through a field in the foreground . she walk up the porch . 198 int . unity house entrance - day 198 she open the door . everything be clean and fresh . Flowers . Light . bird chirping . Harris be at the far and of the hall . there be a intense white light behind he . he be smile beatifically . Cynthia go towards he . as she near he , she reach out she hand . he do too . they clasp . alan' voice Cynthia ! suddenly she fall . she drop and dangle in the night air against 199 ext . hospital build - night 199 she be unconscious . she swing twelve storey above the pavement . the camera follows up she arm to she hand grasp tightly by Alan 's hand . we continue up to Alan . alan Cynthia ! open you eye ! open you eye ! ( continued ) 110 . continued : he be over the railing hold on with he other hand . Cynthia be come to . alan ( cont 'd ) pull up ! pull yourself up so I can get a grip on you ! cynthia let I go . alan no ! cynthia let I go . I see it . it 's beautiful . alan you do not see shit ! hold on ! berrisford eternal bliss . cynthia yes ! I want to go ! let I go ! berrisford ( come forward ) let she go . she need it . alan no! Cynthia , Harris do not exist ! he 's dead ! look at who that be ! look at he ! look ! Cynthia look at berrisford deliriously . he change from berrisford to Harris with each flash . he come to the railing where Alan be hold on . almost politely , he try to undo Alan 's grip . alan ( cont 'd ) goddamn you ! goddamn you ! Alan 's grip on Cynthia slip down to she finger . berrisford let she go . let she go and I will forget you disobedience . ( more ) ( continued ) 111 . continued : ( 2 ) berrisford ( cont 'd ) you can stay one with I in the psychosis and cult behavior study . we will publish we finding together -- alan publish this , asshole ! Alan swing one leg up , kick berrisford in the groin . berrisford howl and suddenly he calm demeanor crack . snarl like a animal , he stomp , claw and even bite at Alan 's hand . alan ( cont 'd ) ( to Cynthia ) do not you hear he ? he 's try to bribe I -- but I be not let go ! I will go with you , but I be not let go ! berrisford see the discard gun ... pick it up . he aim unsteadily ... shoot . Alan yank himself out of the way . berrisford miss . berrisford move closer . raise the g= barrel at point black range towards Alan 's hand . alan ( cont 'd ) Cynthia , help we ! help we both ! berrisford you will be with they , Dr. Goldman , be happy . alan no ! cynthia s...stop it ... stop it ! berrisford shoot . one of Alan 's finger joint be blown away . he scream , he grip loosen , and he slide down the railing . berrisford move several yard to stay close ... begin to pound on Alan 's mutilate hand . alan Cynthia , do not let he kill you ! do not let he do this ! cynthia Unity ... it ... it 's my destiny ... I have fight it too long . right or wrong ... my death have a purpose ... it will close the book . end the story . ( continued ) 112 . continued : ( 3 ) alan you life have a purpose ... to bring joy and happiness ! you be part of my life now . that 's a unfinish story , too ... she look at berrisford viciously pound on Alan 's hand . cynthia let I up . stop it . she start to climb up , but she can not . cynthia ( cont 'd ) let I up ! berrisford I be afraid it 's too late for that . Alan 's grip on she slip down to two finger . they crack . she yell from the pain . she swing in the breeze . Alan be weaken . he be lose consciousness . he know he be about to die . guard Dr. berrisford ? suddenly berrisford freeze . he be paralyze at the sight of one of the guard come up the stair . berrisford back away glaring . Alan groans . the guard rush over . guard ( cont 'd ) Jesus ( yelling down the stair ) Gomez , get up here ! the other guard appear . they start help Alan up by pull he arm . as they help he up , berrisford , in a state of shock , back further up the wall . he lean against the wall and put the gun to he head . he tremble . he pull the trigger . click . click , click , click . out of bullet . the other be too busy to be notice what he in do . just as they pull Cynthia to the edge , she look up to see : ( continued ) 113. continued : ( 4 ) berrisford come to the railing , and jump , calmly . silently . guard ( cont 'd ) Holy shit . Cynthia numbly watch he fall . then she in pull up and over ... CUT to : 200 int . hallway - overhead - night 200 Cynthia be plopped over onto a gurney . light be pass she . she be be whisk down a hallway . she be descend into a haze of unconsciousness . doctor' voice I need a detox prep ! stat ! cynthia it be he ... 201 int . hallway - night 201 Alan run alongside the gurney with doctor and nurse . he clutches bloody bandage to he hand , try to hear Cynthia . alan it 's okay . it 's over . it be berrisford . he kill they . cynthia then all that other thing ... face ... voice ? they be ... in my head ? alan it be berrisford . he shot you up with hallucinogen . what he do not do , you imagine . there be joy through she delirium . she be just able to clasp hand with he briefly before she disappear behind a set of double door . 202 ext . country road - day 202 a new station wagon whisk along the pretty road . 114 . 203 int . station wagon - day 203 Alan drive , Cynthia look at a map . they both look relaxed . they both have bandage hand . cynthia go right if that 's the interstate . yeah , it be . 207 ext . unity house - day 207 through the greenery be the char and overgrown remain of Unity House . a chisele sign embed into a tree verify it . Alan and Cynthia pull up , park . Cynthia get out and look around . she go to the front entrance . Alan follow she in . 208 int . front room - day 208 a mere skeleton of what it be . daylight pour in through the fade , burnt slat of wood . patch of wood have sproute up . Cynthia wander in and marvel at it all . only pile of charcoal signify where furniture be . Alan meander in from the other and of the house . alan victorian . look like it be a nice house once . cynthia yes . I guess appearance can be deceive . she move out upstairs . he follow she up onto the risky - look step . 209 on the landing 209 she reach a point at the top that look out over the meadow and pond . she look out . Alan join she . Cynthia take in the view contentedly . cynthia ( cont 'd ) it 's dead . it 's really dead ... alan what ? ( continued ) 115 . continued : she gesture to the house around they . cynthia it 's over . Alan smile . he pull she close to he . they look into each other 's eye . neither of they be completely at ease with the other , but there be honest affection . they hug , then kiss . 210 ext . unity house - day 210 it look almost tranquil . music up . CUT to : 210a int . hospital corridor - day 210a wasserman walk along , accompany by a uniform officer . they go into - 201b int . berrisford's hospital room - day 201b where the doctor be in a bed , one leg and one arm in traction . he 's talk to he lawyer as the police officer enter . lawyer ( in mid-speech ) -- letter of support could have a influence on the court ... you know , from you peer --? berrisford ( cut he off ) I have no peer . ( turn ) hello , Lieutenant . ( smile ) forgive I for not get up . wasserman Real funny , Doctor . try this for laugh : as soon as you be ambulatory , you be go in front of a Grand jury , and you be go to be charge with six count of obstruction of justice and two count of assault . ( more ) ( continued ) 116 . continued : wasserman ( cont 'd ) then it get choice : five count of murder in the first degree , one count of murder in the second degree . add the civil liability to all that , and you be go to have plenty of time to write that book . berrisford well . I do not agree with you definition of justice , but I suppose I obstruct it ... all in the name of science , of course -- lawyer ( appal ) Doctor berrisford -- berrisford ( hush he ) -- but as to murder , well , Lieutenant , I beg to differ . I do not kill anyone . why would I ? I be only interested in knowledge . Cynthia be a unique girl -- the product of a environment and a philosophy unrivale in its purity . I want to understand the depth of she commitment , the link between psychosis and total immersion philosophy , the dark terra incognita of the human psyche -- wasserman ( feed up ) hey , go chow on a Latin dictionary , okay ? you can bullshit all you want , but how do you account for six body ? berrisford clearly some unknown variable be a factor . wasserman yeah ? well , if you do not kill off the therapy group , who do ? berrisford Lieutenant , I will put it in term even a policeman can understand . he smile , shrug the best he can in he plaster cast . ( continued ) 117 . continued : ( 2 ) berrisford ( cont 'd ) it beat the fuck out of I . CUT to : 213 ext . unity house - day tracking in 213 214 int . unity house - day 214 Cynthia and Alan be still in each other 's arm . Cynthia pull away . alan what 's the matter ? cynthia I be just think about gilda . somehow , she know . she keep talk about " he , " but I do not know what she mean . she say the answer be inside I . why would she say that ? Alan do not have a answer . she sigh . alan let 's go . cynthia you go down . I will be out in a minute . I just want to ... bury some memory . alan you sure ? she nod . he go . Cynthia give a final look around at the deteriorate structure and turn down the stair . she stand at the top of what remain of the stair . we follow her down . just as she near the bottom , the ticking of a clock be audible . it get louder . Cynthia reach the last stop and turn into 118. 215 int . foyer - night 215 we follow her with a continuous pan . the foyer be new now , completely untouched by fire , just as it be at the beginning of the film . a candelabrum be light . Cynthia turn and we pan back to the staircase . it be new , unburnt . two kide come scramble down the stair laugh . the entranceway , the archway to the front room , the staircase be all intact , just as we see they in the open scene . cynthia peer into the kitchen . two women in work apron be knead bread dough , chopping vegetable . they smile at Cynthia . woman 1 Cynthia ! be you stay for supper ? Cynthia be silent , wide - eye , take it all in . she turn towards the front door . Victor be come in . victor Cynthia . it 's good . come in . she in unable to resist . 216 int . front room - night 216 they walk in . the room be fill with people . there be a fire in the hearth . Children play . candle illuminate the space . Unity member smile and great she casually as she pass they . Miriam in talk with a beard man intently . miriam Cynthia , I be so glad you be here . Ed and connie be by the fireplace with some other . they smile at Cynthia knowingly . lana be sit contentedly on the window seat read with some child . Ralph be crouch with victor in a corner . they be laugh warmly . ( continued ) 119 . continued : gilda come up to she . she be ebullient , happier , healthier look than we have ever see she . gilda Cynthia , it 's so wonderful here , but we miss you terribly . Cynthia near Harris . he smile at she and kiss she . everyone in the room turn to she . Harris hold up a shiny and sharp knife with ornamentation on the handle . Cynthia do not see it yet . he put the point tip against she chest . harris it 's time , Cynthia . it 's finally time , be not it ? everyone yes . cynthia ( fight the vision ) you do not exist . harris I would not say that . ( he touch she ) go on . take the knife . she can not escape he gaze . harris ( cont 'd ) do it . you know you want to . gilda you know you do , Cynthia . victor you will see how beautiful it be . someone else you will . Cynthia clasp she hand around the knife at she chest , Harris let go . she hold it there by herself , completely hypnotize by he word , by he eye . miriam Cynthia , we be only tell you this because we love you . ( continued ) 120 . continued : ( 2 ) harris beautiful lovechild . all will be in balance when you have join we . all will be right when daughter be with father . someone you be special , Cynthia . someone else scare blood ... daughter of the father . Cynthia in mortify . cynthia I be ...? harris now you remember . cynthia yes ... harris my own beautiful lovechild . everyone have prove they love to I . now you must . she be weak now . she be about to do it . her grasp tighten around the knife handle . she 's tremble . she take a deep breath . cynthia no ! she jam the knife into Harris ' throat and pull it out . cynthia ( cont 'd ) no I do not ! I do not love you ! I do not need you ! she be craze . she fly around the room brandish the knife at everyone . they back off . cynthia ( cont 'd ) I never love any of you ! I hate you ! I hate you all ! what you do be wrong ! ( continued ) 121. continued : ( 3 ) she swat the knife at they all . Victor 's arm get cut . gilda have to dive away from she . Cynthia be knock over lamp and chair in she rage . she be cry hysterically . cynthia ( cont 'd ) it be wrong ! it be stupid ! harris ( sadden ) oh , Cynthia . cynthia I never need you ! any of you ! we be tight on cynthia . she be wind down , cry with she face bury in she arm . cynthia ( cont 'd ) I never do ... she be still . gradually , the silence fill with a quiet breeze . alan Cynthia ? she drop the knife . the knife be all rusty and corrode . the floor be a char mass . Cynthia turn around . Alan come in the front door . the room be again its empty , skeletal self , blacken and silent . Cynthia be tremble . she walk out of the room . alan ( cont 'd ) be you all right ? cynthia let 's go . 217 ext . unity house - day 217 she stand on the porch , hold onto a post , try to calm herself . Alan come out . as he start the car , a gust come up . the tree be thrash around . the wind echoes through the house . ( continued ) 122. continued : music up softly , eerily . Cynthia descend the stair . the station wagon pull up . she get inside . 218 int . station wagon - day 218 they pull out . slowly we see Cynthia collect herself . a sense of hope be evident . cynthia it 's go to be okay . I be go to be okay . 219 ext . road - day 219 the car speed off trail dust . we see the unity house in the distance . the wind kick up again . 220 ext . unity house - day 220 we be closer . branch and leave be be toss around by violent gust as we move toward the structure . a teenage girl come run up from the field behind . she be cry . she run into the house . we follow her . 221 int . unity house - day 221 she go to a far corner and cry some more , angrily , hopelessly . boy ( far off ) come on , where be you ? I hope you be not in that house ... you always get like this and make stupid threat that you do not mean ! the girl peek out the corner of the window . 222 angle - 222 the teenage boy be in the field beyond . ( continued ) 123. continued : boy ( cont 'd ) if you be not here on three , I be history . permanently . one ... two ... Three ! fine. good riddance . the girl back away from the window , only more upset now . a hand touch she shoulder . she whirl around . girl ( startle ) who be you ? harris a friend . you be upset . she nod . harris ( cont 'd ) what would you say if I could promise you eternal bliss ? girl eternal bliss ? what do you mean ? tracking in on the old knife a the floor . it begin to transform from its rusty and corrode state into a new and shiny knife . music up . a burn , skeletal hand reach into frame and take it . CUT to black . the end