bad time at the EL royale by Drew Goddard final shoot draft bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 1 . int . motel room - day / night it 's 1958 . we be in a lonely motel room . a key hit the lock . a man throw open the door and race into the room . he slam the door . he peek out the window and study the parking lot . he struggle to catch he breath . we may notice blood on the sleeve of he suit . this be felix o’ kelly . he step away from the window . he 's carry a red duffel bag . he set it down and survey he room . CUT to : Felix shove the bed to the side of the room . [ note : for the duration of this sequence , the camera remain in the same position . fast jump cut . ] Felix open he red duffel bag . he remove a crowbar . a hammer . a handgun . CUT to : Felix , he jacket off now , yank up the carpet from the corner of the room , revealing the wooden floor board below . Felix look at the floor board . look at he tool . thinks . CUT to : Felix adjust the radio antenna . static . he fiddle with the dial . fifty folk - pop fill the room as Felix find a station play '' 26 mile '' by the four prep . twenty -six mile across the sea , Santa catalina be a-wait for I ... Felix turn up the volume . CUT to : Felix hammer the crowbar between slat in the center of the room . the sound be somewhat muffle by the radio . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 2 . continued : he pries up the floorboard one by one . CUT to : Santa catalina , the island of romance , romance , romance ... we may notice it 's night outside now . Felix have he shirtsleeve roll up . he 's cover in sweat . there 's now a large hole in the floor . the floorboard be all neatly stack to the side . Felix zip up the duffel bag . we never get a good look at what 's inside . he drop the bag inside the hole . CUT to : Felix replace the floor board . he hammer the nail in time to the music . he smoke while he work . CUT to : Felix roll the carpet back . stamp it down in the corner . he look down at the hammer in he hand . look at the crowbar on the bed . thinks . CUT to : the room be empty now . through the open door , we can see it 's raining outside . we hear a trunk slam . CUT to : a soaking wet Felix crawl on he hand and knee and scoops up the sawdust on the carpet . he stand . survey the room . look good . Felix catch a glimpse of himself in the large mirror mount on the wall . look less good . CUT to : Felix stand in front of he mirror . he comb he hair with a black plastic comb . twenty -six mile across the sea ... CUT to : ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 3 . continued : ( 2 ) Felix pace back and forth . he stub out one cigarette and light another . CUT to : Felix sit in the wooden chair in the corner . he smoke . the ashtray next to he be fill with butt . headlight flare the curtain . Felix stub out he cigarette . forty kilometer in a leaky old boat ... there 's a knock at the door . Felix grab the handgun from the night stand . move to the peephole . Studies the outside world . any old thing that will stay afloat ... his shoulder relax when he see who it be . Felix throw the latch . open the door . gesture for the person to come on in ... boom . a shotgun blast hit Felix o’ Kelly square in the back . he 's launch clear across the room , and the second he body slam into camera , blood splash the lens -- CUT to title : bad Times at the El Royale over black . title clear . a new song ( " 25 mile '' ) signal a new era . driving sixty soul as Edwin Starr call out , '' all right , foot , start move ... " title : ten year later ext . EL royale - day the El Royale be a motor lodge nestle in the wood north of Lake tahoe . it once have dream of be a mid-level vacation hideaway . that dream do not appear to have be realize . '' you have get to get I there ... '' a wooden arch bear the name of the establishment , welcome visitor to the mostly - empty parking lot . a dent gray studebaker drive through the arch . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 4 . continued : the define characteristic of the parking lot be a red line that bisect the lot dead center and lead straight to the double door of the lobby lodge . '' it 's twenty - five mile from home ... " the studebaker park . the driver open she door . we get a better look at she : late thirty . African - american . as she stare at the El Royale , we can almost hear she think , '' how in the Lord 's name do I end up in this lonely place ? '' this be darlene sweet . she open she trunk and remove her odd bag . one be a large flower suitcase . the other appear to be a enormous roll of fabric , bound with a rope around it . it would be too much luggage for a lumberjack , let alone darlene . but she lift the burden without complaint , balance one in each arm . as she approach the lodge , she notice a man stand in the parking lot : he 's in he sixty . he 's wear a priest collar . he 's stare at the hotel . he look lose and confuse . this be father daniel flynn . darlene slow when she see he . darlene be ... you lose , Father ? Flynn almost jump when he hear she . his eye become clear again , as though he just awoke from a dream . he smile . father flynn no . no , I suppose not . ( look down ) accord to this , I be in nevada . on the ground : the red line run right between they . on the west side of the line , stencile letter read '' California . '' on the east side of the line , '' nevada . '' darlene ( smile ) I have never be to nevada . what 's it like ? ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 5 . continued : ( 2 ) 2 father flynn not bad . look like it might rain . what 's California like ? darlene look over she shoulder to the west . darlene still sunny . Flynn pick up he valise . father flynn can I give you a hand there ? darlene that 's very kind of you , thank you . she hand he the flower suitcase . if Flynn be curious about the strange roll of fabric in darlene 's arm , he give no indication . they walk towards the motel . the border lead straight to a set of door , one door on each side of the line . they enter through the California side . int . lounge - day ring-ring . the front door chime as darlene and Flynn enter and study the unique accommodation : the interior of the El Royale play on the same border theme . the line bisect the large room perfectly in two . on the california side : everything be decorate in warm orange hue . we may notice a bar , a set of table , a lounge seating area . on the nevada side : everything be decorate in cool purple hue . we may notice the front desk , some game table , a black and white television currently show coverage of Richard Nixon 's 1969 inauguration speech . at the back of the room , half in California and half in nevada , be a colorful jukebox . Flynn look down at the border , darlene follow he gaze . they be both stand in California . Flynn gesture : be my guest . darlene smile . take a mock deep breath ... and step across the border . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 6 . continued : father flynn how be you enjoy nevada so far ? darlene shrug . so far , so good . voice that be my accoutrement ... the voice have a thick Mississippi accent . it 's come from behind the bar on the California side . a man wear a charmingly rumple seersucker suit reveal himself : this be laramie seymour sullivan . laramie ( point ) at the front desk there . they look to the front desk , where a large amount of luggage have be pile . laramie ( cont 'd ) that 's my trunk , that 's my fortnighter , that 's my hat case . and I have ask that you folk respect my claim when it come time to divvy the room . though when that will be be anyone 's guess . I be ringin’ that bell so long my hand 's sore and my ear be tired and my constitution need coffee . so . that 's why I be back here scroungin’ . he hold up a pack of coffee grounds . he dump it into the elaborate machine behind the counter . laramie ( cont 'd ) success ! though I can not say I vouch for the quality . he start the machine . while it grind and grumble , laramie cross the room , extend he hand to Flynn . laramie ( cont 'd ) laramie seymour Sullivan . sale manager , calhoun appliance . my name may not be on the masthead , but that do not mean it be not a family business . he hand Flynn a business card . tip he hat to darlene . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 7 . continued : ( 2 ) laramie ( cont 'd ) ma ’am . darlene hello . laramie what should I call you , Father ? father flynn Daniel Flynn . it be nice to meet you . laramie Father Flynn , huh . that 's easy to remember , alliterative and such . whereabouts be you parish ? father flynn the immaculate heart of Mary 's in bloomington , Indiana . a beat as laramie size up Flynn . laramie well . ( then ) let I just say up front that I and the good people of East Biloxi Baptist may have we difference with you Pope , but in we heart we both believe in the divinity of Jesus Christ , and that make we brother as far as I be concerned . who handle you hospitality at the heart of Mary ? father flynn I be sorry ? laramie you know , who keep the place clean and tidy ? father flynn her ... name be Barbara . laramie could I trouble you for Barbara 's phone number ? I believe the good Lord have put I in you path to make she life easier . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 8 . continued : ( 3 ) 3 Flynn study laramie . thinks . father flynn I confess my memory be not what it use to be . but I have it write down in my valise . I would be happy to get it for you once I check - in and be square away . laramie I would sure appreciate it . though , again , Lord only know when that would be . he point to the brass bell on the front desk . laramie ( cont 'd ) you can go ahead and give it a whirl . I be not have much luck with it . ( turn ) how ' bout you , darlin 's -- you in the hospitality business ? darlene seem genuinely take aback . darlene I -- how do you know my name ? laramie you name be '' darlin’ ? '' ai not that a pip ! and they say fate die in ' 63 . darlene realize the mistake . darlene oh. sorry . I think you say ... never mind . I be not in the hospitality business . no. laramie well , I 'il give you my card nonetheless . I be sure you know some gal who need a vacuum . a beat . then Father Flynn ring the bell . the group wait in awkward silence . no response . laramie roll he eye : see what I mean ? ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 9 . continued : ( 4 ) 3 laramie ( cont 'd ) this you first time at the El Royale ? both Flynn and darlene nod . laramie cross back to the bar . laramie ( cont 'd ) it do not always use to be like this . and I do not jus 's mean you could find the clerk come check - in . naw , this place use to be hustlin 's and bustlin’ . tahoe 's best keep secret . I mean , it be always a novelty , but there 's state fair novelty and old horse novelty and we be now firmly in the old horse variety . he remove the coffee carafe from the machine and grab three cup . as he start make he way back across the room : laramie ( cont 'd ) ' 66 this place have swing . Hell , I be sure I could not get a main lodge room if I try . he point to the photograph adorn the California wall . laramie ( cont 'd ) it be a hidey hole for the tahoe swell . darlene look at the photo . the El Royale in more boisterous time . there 's Frank Sinatra loung by the pool . there 's Martin luther King , Jr. shaking hand with a crowd of well - wisher . there 's Bobby Kennedy make pop - superstar vesta shear laugh . laramie ( cont 'd ) Dean Martin even sing a song about it . '' half in California with Judy ? '' ( off they look ) no ? ( shrug ) be not one of he best . coffee ? Flynn nod . sure . darlene shake she head . darlene no , thank you . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 10 . continued : ( 5 ) laramie aw , come on . I make a whole pot . can not let it go to waste . he hand she a cup . take it . she relent . laramie ( cont 'd ) ( as he pour ) Atta girl . I will let the clerk give you the whole spiel , should he ever show up , I mean . but the part they tend to leave out be about , oh , a year ago this place lose its gambling license . some problem with the commission or something . and so the swell take they business elsewhere . now the main lodge be all that 's open and the pool be fill with duck and they rent room by the hour if you ask quiet-like . ( then ) ' course , if we be bein 's honest , that 's probably why a priest , a vacuum salesman , and a negro can afford freight here , right Father ? ( laugh ) I be just funnin’ . my stay 's on calhoun appliance , if I be bein 's truthful , which be why room choice be so important and I ask you to respect my accoutrement there as a proxy for my person . I intend to lavish myself . always want to stay in the honeymoon suite . he hold up he leave hand . his ring finger be bare . laramie ( cont 'd ) though I be not currently on my honeymoon . they wait in awkward silence . they sip they coffee . a light bulb go off over Flynn 's head . as though he 's be think about something else this entire time : father flynn oh. ( turn ) '' darlene . '' darlene nod . smile . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 11 . continued : ( 6 ) 3 father flynn ( cont ’d ) Nice to meet you , darlene . darlene Nice to meet you too , Father . laramie well , hell . we have to wait much longer , I might as well open up that there trunk and set up the calhoun electrovax . give you folk a proper demonstration . you sure you be not in the hospitality business , darlin’ ? darlene , once again , shake she head . darlene no , sir . I be not . she walk behind the front desk to the door that say '' employee only . '' give it a proper thumping with she fist . wham wham wham . there 's a thud from behind the door . laramie Ho ! the lady 's get a luckier hand than we do , Father . shame this here table be decommission , we could make ourselves some real money . we hear fumble . footstep . the door finally swing open , 4 revealing a twenty - year - old kid with a baby face and a ill - fitting desk clerk jacket . he look a bit like a wet rat . this be mile miller . mile I be very sorry to keep you wait . if you have to guess how long it have be since mile have last sleep , you would probably go with '' five day . '' laramie damn , boy , I be in this lobby so long , I be due for a shave . what 's wrong with you ? mile I be very sorry . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 12 . continued : mile stop cold . if it 's possible for he to go paler , he do when he see Father Flynn . mile ( cont ’d ) wh ... what be you do here , Father ? Flynn seem genuinely unsettle . father flynn do I know you , son ? mile no. but ... I mean ... this be not a place for a priest , Father . you should not be here . laramie we may need to work on you sale pitch , boy . '' the El Royale : ai not no place for a Priest . '' mile there be other hotel , Father . maybe closer to tahoe ? I could help you find one , I be sure you would be happier there . Flynn recover . smile a patronly smile . look at mile 's name tag . father flynn '' mile , '' be it ? if this be not a place for a priest , mile , then this be exactly where the Lord want I . laramie well , the Lord do not want you in the honeymoon suite , I promise you that much . mile , that be my accoutrement there , and I stake my claim as such . but you can go ahead and check they in first for all I care . ( look in mirror , rub chin ) any luck I will have a full jeb Stuart by the time we be do . mile look back and forth between laramie and Flynn . he continue to seem genuinely anxious . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 13 . continued : ( 2 ) father flynn it 's all right , son . laramie go ahead , boy . give ‘em the spiel . '' the El Royale ... '' mile the El Royale be a bi-state establishment . you have the option to stay in either the great state of California or the great state of nevada . which would you prefer ? father flynn what 's the difference ? mile between California and nevada ? father flynn between the room . mile well , for starter , room in California cost a dollar more . laramie ( whistle ) shoot. really . when that happen ? what make ‘em a dollar better ? mile they're in California . laramie and that 's worth a dollar ? mile some people think so . laramie you get a number for that people ? ' Cause I get a vacuum they might be interested in . speak of which ! who 's you head of hospitality here ? mile currently that be also I . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 14 . continued : ( 3 ) laramie ( grimace ) well . then let 's worry about that later then . father flynn May I see a map of the hotel ? mile nod . he pull out a map . from above , the El Royale look like a upside - down '' U '' with the parking lot in the middle . as Father Flynn look it over -- mile only the main lodge be available in the off-season . ( then ) you can still use the California amenity if you choose to stay in nevada . laramie ( chuff ) what exactly be a '' California amenity ? '' mile for instance , we be not allow to sell liquor in nevada . laramie lose that when you lose you gamblin’ license ? so , you be say , if we want to drink , we gotta do it on this side of the room ? mile that 's correct , sir . also , coffee be twenty - five cent a cup . laramie let I guess , you be also the bartender . mile that 's correct , sir . laramie roll he eye . remove a quarter from he pocket . slap it on the desk next to Flynn , who seem genuinely rattle by the map . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 15 . continued : ( 4 ) 4 laramie feel free to flip that if you need to make a decision , Father . start to cost I money waitin’ around here . the quiet of the lobby be suddenly disturb by the roar of a engine from outside . all four people turn towards the window to see a GREEN dodge charger scream into the lot . tire squeal as the charger screech to a stop . Flynn turn he attention back to the map . shake he head . pick up laramie 's quarter and flip it . head . shrug . father flynn I nil take room four . mile look away from the window . get a key from the wall behind he . laramie move closer to the window for a better look . in the car : we can make out a woman in the driver 's seat . she seem to be watch the road behind she intently . mile I ' 1l need one night in advance . eight dollar . and twenty - five cent for the coffee . please sign the ledger . there 's a large leather ledger on the desk . Flynn take out $ 8.25 and put it on the counter . pick up the fountain pen . close as he sign : Father Daniel Flynn . mile ( cont ’d ) who 's next ? laramie be still interested in the car outside . he gesture to darlene . go ahead . she step forward . darlene I would like a room in nevada , please . mile nod . grab a key . slap it on the desk . mile room five . darlene ( uncomfortable ) oh. ( more ) ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 16 . continued : ( 5 ) 4 darlene ( cont 'd ) ( then ) be there another room available , possibly ? further away . maybe at the end ? outside : the car door slam . the woman start walk towards the lodge . she 's in a hurry . laramie turn he attention back to the desk . mile this room have not be service and be unsuitable . laramie he do the housekeep , remember . mile there be room in California available , mar ’am . laramie ( lose patience ) she do not want to be near the priest . Flynn , who be collect he belonging and move to exit , stop in he track . I be sorry ? laramie ( cont 'd ) ( to Flynn ) like we do not see she walkin’ in here with she own bedroll under she arm . ( to darlene ) do not worry , darlin’ , we be not here to judge . Father here can even teach you ' bout Mary magdalene and forgiveness and what not . darlene 's eye flash with embarrassment and anger . ring-ring . right then , the woman from outside walk into the 5 El Royale . she 's in she late twenty . look to be a card - carry member of the flower generation . she 's try she best not to look distress . and fail . this be emily summerspring . Emily stop in she track , not expect to find this many people in the lobby . what do I just walk into ? ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 17 . continued : darlene turn she attention back to mile , eager to get out of there . she take a small coin purse from she jacket and count out eight one - dollar bill . darlene room five will be fine . mile please sign the ledger . and it 's twenty - five cent for the coffee . darlene 's eye instinctively look to laramie . he 's not make eye contact . darlene ( quietly ) okay . of course . as she start to reach for she coin purse . clack . a hand put a quarter on the desk . darlene see it belong to Flynn . he nod . it 's on I . darlene nod back . thank you . she grab the pen . close on the ledger as she write : darlene sweet . she grab she bag . father flynn can I give you a hand to you room ? darlene no . she stop herself , realize this man be not the one who deserve she anger . darlene ( cont 'd ) sorry , Father . that 's kind of you . but I can manage from here . ring. laramie make a show of hold the door for she . laramie ( tip hat ) ma’am . Flynn wait a beat . gather he valise . move to leave . nod to Emily as he pass . flynn afternoon . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 5 she give he a curt nod . ring. Flynn exit . and then there be three . mile look to both of they . who 's next ? laramie just shake he head . throw up he hand . laramie please . be my fuckin’ guest . ( yell to window ) sorry , Father . Emily shrug . Fine . I will go . step forward . emily I need a room . mile the El Royale be a bi-state establishment . you have the option to choose a room in either -- she grab the map from the desk . Studies it . tap it . emily I ' 1ll take that one . mile look down at she choice . his shoulder slump just slightly . his weary eye look back to laramie . laramie do not fuckin’ tell I . Emily remove a large wad of cash from she jeans . emily I ' 1l take room one . laramie you can not have room one . Emily turn and stare at he . defiant . why not ? laramie ( cont 'd ) do you see my fortnighter right there at you foot ? be this really happen ? ( to mile ) be I really about to explain the concept of a free market claim stake to the goddamn hippie ? Emily just stare at he with cold eye . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 19 . continued : ( 3 ) then she relent . turn back to the map . emily give I something along this wall . mile the available room on that wall have yet to be clean . emily I do not give a shit . how much ? mile eight dollar . she peel off eight dollar . he put a key on the desk . room Seven . she reach for it . he slide it away . mile ( cont ’d ) please sign the ledger . Emily stare at he . really ? he stare back . yes . she grab the pen . scrawl something fast . grab the key . head towards the door . Ring . laramie you have yourself a pleasant day , now . laramie step forward . finally . he grab the pen . look down at the ledger . see Emily 's signature . laramie ( cont 'd ) Nice . close on the ledger : fuck you . laramie sign he name at the bottom of the page . close on the ledger as he write with flourish : laramie seymour Sullivan . close on laramie as he look up at mile and smile . laramie ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l take room one . CUT to black . title : room one bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 20 . int . room one - day we hear the sound of a key jangling . click . laramie enter , hit the light . he carry he accoutrement into the room . take off he hat and jacket . fold the jacket carefully and lay it over the back of a chair . roll up he white shirt sleeve . Studies the room . the honeymoon suite be on the California side of the border , and thus decorate in warm orange hue . it would never be describe as luxurious by any mean , but it do have a notable king bed on a raise platform and a jacuzzi tub in the floor . close shot : lock flip . a suitcase swing open , revealing : neatly fold clothes . everything feel regiment . a hand remove a dopp kit . close shot : item be place along a sink . a toothbrush . a soap case . a small bottle of shampoo . a hair tonic . all meticulously order just so . close shot : lock flip . the trunk swing open , revealing : the calhoun electrovax . the vacuum be remove . click . a false bottom be remove from the trunk . a black briefcase be remove and place on the bed . the briefcase swing open , revealing a array of SMALL tool . close shot : a pair of glass be remove from a case . laramie sit on the bed . in he shirtsleeve and wireframe glass now , he look a far cry from the seersucker southerner we meet moment ago . he remove a pair of plier and a screwdriver from the case . he think of something . he check he watch . do a small double take . pick up the phone and dial it . listen . then . laramie hi , my love . I know , I know ... check - in take a little longer than I expect ... and as laramie talk , we may notice that he thick Mississippi accent be now gone . laramie ( cont 'd ) be she still up ? ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 21 . continued : 6 while laramie wait , he take the screwdriver and begin to unscrew the baseplate of the phone receiver . he work quickly , with clinical precision . laramie ( cont 'd ) hi rabbit ! I know , I be sorry . I get delay . yes , the clock be right . daddy 's wrong . and between the accent , the wife , the child , and the toolkit , it should obvious that this man have not be honest about who he be . in fact , we should probably start call he by he real name . this be not laramie seymour Sullivan ... this be dwight broadbeck . dwight but I get you before you go down . ready ? of course . I be on my knee . dwight pull off the baseplate , flip the housing over . look under the receiver ... dwight ( cont 'd ) '' now I lay I down to sleep , pray the Lord my soul to keep ... '' dwight remove a SMALL black microphone from the receiver . hold it up to the light . nod , pleased . he set it down on the night stand . dwight ( cont 'd ) '' and if I should die before I wake , I pray the Lord - - '' ( listen ) what do you mean we be not say that anymore ? ( listen ) how do you even know what '' morbid '' mean -- what do mommy want we to say ? dwight begin to reassemble the phone . dwight ( cont 'd ) okay . '' when I wake in the morning light -- " okay , okay , from the beginning ... dwight frown . something 's wrong . he hold the receiver up to the light to get a better look . grab he plier . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 22 . continued : ( 2 ) dwight ( cont 'd ) '' now I lay I down to sleep , pray the Lord my soul to keep . and when I wake in the morning light ... '' dwight remove something else from the phone with the plier . hold it up to the light . dwight ( cont 'd ) '' teach I to do what 's right . '' it 's another microphone . this one 's different than the other . smaller . Tan in color . dwight stare at it , confuse . clearly troubled . dwight ( cont 'd ) amen. ( then ) I gotta go , rabbit . tell mommy I love she , okay ? ( listen ) a couple day . I love you . he hang up . place the tan bug on the night stand next to the black bug . stare at the two different microphone . his eye narrow . he look to the rest of the room . CUT to : dwight stand on the armchair . unscrew the wall sconce . reaches behind the light with a pair of plier . close shot : a identical black bug be place beside the first . dwight pull the light fixture from the wall . frown . close shot : a identical tan bug be place beside the first . CUT to : dwight 's in the bathroom now . cover in sweat . unscrew the light . frown . close shot : four black bug be now on the night stand . dwight 's hand place a fourth tan bug in the row beneath it . and then a fifth tan bug . CUT to : ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 23 . continued : ( 3 ) 6 dwight stand in the center of the room . arm fold . stare at the night stand cover in surveillance bug . deep in think . he shake he head . none of this make sense . he turn . something catch he attention . and the hair stand up on the back of dwight 's neck . we follow he gaze ... to the large mirror mount on the back wall . in the reflection , he can see a full view of the bed in the center of the room . dwight stare at the mirror . thinks . ext . EL royale - dusk close : a brown shoe step carefully through the pine twig . a second shoe step directly in front of it , place heel in front of toe . dwight , still in shirtsleeve and glass , walk carefully along the east edge of the El Royale . heel - to-toe . heel - to - toe . heel -to-toe . he 's measure the hotel . dwight reach the corner . fold he arm . stare at the hotel . thinks . int . lounge - dusk ring-ring . dwight step into the lobby . look the place over . it 's empty . the black and white television be still on , casting flicker pale light all around the room . on the television : a special news report break into the Nixon coverage . we see shot of police car outside a large mansion . News logo read : '' malibu Beach massacre . '' dwight open the front desk drawer . see the room key . spot the master . he take it . dwight unlock the door mark '' employee only . '' he ease the door open ... int . hallway dwight step into the narrow hallway . we can hear music come from somewhere . '' Bend I shape I '' by the american breed . dwight survey . at the far end of the hallway , there 's a heavy metal door . ( continued ) 10 11 12 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 24 . continued : 9 closer to dwight , there 's another door with the word '' maintenance closet . '' '' Bend I shape I anyway you want I ... " int . maintenance closet 10 dwight ease the door open , look into the room . his face fall . reverse to reveal -- a cramped closet . a cot . a hot plate . a transistor radio . and mile . pass out cold . slump against the wall . a bent spoon on the floor beside he . a syringe still hang from he bloody arm . '' as long as you love I , it 's all right ... " dwight close the door . int . hallway 11 dwight approach the heavy gray door at the end of the hallway . tries the handle . it 's locked . he try the master key . it do not work . dwight reach into he pocket . pull out a case of lockpicks . drop to he knee . Works the lock . click . int . corridor - west 12 dwight step into a dimly - light corridor . shut the door behind he . Music stop . the world go silent . dwight step carefully down the corridor . at the end of the corridor , the corridor branch . West or East . dwight choose West . careful not to make a sound . round the corner ... and find the mirror . or , rather , the observation window . a perfectly frame rectangle look into a hotel room . specifically ... his hotel room . he stare at room one . arm fold . thinks . look down at the foot . take note of three scuff mark on the floor . 13 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 25 . int . corridor - east 13 dwight enter the East corridor . look for something . there . Way down at the other end of the hall . it look like ... a 16mm camera . mounted on a tripod . [ note : from this point forward , this entire scene will be do _in one continuous take . ] dwight start walk down the hall . pass another observation window . the room 's dark . dwight squint . seem empty . dwight keep move . we track with he . watch he stop short when he get to the next window . room four . as dwight stare , we angle around to reveal : father daniel flynn . unaware that he 's be watch , Father Flynn 's busy shove he twin bed up against the wall . he reach into he valise , pull out what look like a crowbar and a hammer . he go to the corner of the room ... and start yanking the carpet free of the tack . dwight stare . the corridor eerily silent as the priest work . Father Flynn yank a entire swath of the carpet free , expose the old wood board underneath . Flynn take the crowbar ... and start hammer it into the floorboard . dwight can not believe what he 's see . what the hell be this old priest do ? dwight watch in silence for a second . then turn he attention back towards that camera . keeps move . but stop in he track yet again when he pass ... room five . darlene sweet 's room . and , yes , there she be ... also do something strange . she 's stand on she dresser , try to hang what look like a large swath of fabric on she west wall . she have thumbtack in she mouth , she use they to secure the fabric in place . she hop off the dresser . grab another roll . go back to work hang it on the wall . ( continued ) 13 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 26 . continued : 13 and she unroll it , dwight realize this fabric be the '' bedding '' darlene be carry earlier . it 's not bedding at all ... it 's soundproof foam . darlene fasten the last piece in place . step back and survey she handiwork . her look seem to say : well , it 's not great , but it will do . darlene reach into she bag . remove a metronome . set it on she table beside she . sit down . start the metronome . the pendulum rod start to swing back and forth , but we can not hear anything . darlene close she eye . she take a deep breath . her lip start to move . it look like she 's sing . dwight frown . look down . notice , there , below the window ... a speaker . and a switch . dwight flip the switch . darlene 's voice fill the corridor . darlene I try hard to hide , my hurt inside , this ol 's heart of mine , always keep I cry ... dwight jump . the sing be loud . he half expect someone else to hear he . instinctively look to the corridor . nobody 's come . he turn he attention back to darlene . her rendition of the isley Brothers 's '' this Old heart of mine '' be haunt . no music . just her voice and the click of the metronome . dwight watch . transfix . then , concerned , he walk back to ... room four . and there 's Father Flynn . stand waist deep in the floorboard of he room . perfectly still . he 's stare at the wall next to he . darlene ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) maybe it 's my mistake to show this love I feel inside ... ( continued ) 13 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 27 . continued : ( 2 ) 13 Father Flynn slowly climb out of he floor . empty hand . he walk to the wall . put he ear up against it . listen . dwight walk back down the corridor . room five . darlene 's belting it out now . sway in time to the music . clap . darlene ( cont 'd ) ' but I ... I love you . this ol 's heart ... be weak for you . dwight stare for a moment longer . then remember ... that camera . start move down the hallway . room six . empty . room Seven . also empty . but seem to be inhabit . there 's a bag on the dresser . and rope . and a hunting knife . dwight stop . frown . and just then ... Emily kick open the door to room Seven . dwight jump . surprise . Emily hurry into the room . dragging something heavy . it almost look like a person . Emily kick the door shut behind she . carry she burden right up close to the observation window . dump it in a chair . it 's a person , all right ... this be rose . she 's unconscious . look to be about eighteen year old . waifish . half -dress . she slump forward , she head hit the mirror . thump . dwight instinctively edge backwards . darlene ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) this ol ' heart of mine be break a thousand time , each time you break away ... Emily stare at the unconscious body in the chair . breathe hard . she look scared . she run she hand though she hair . the look on she face say what do I do next ? ( continued ) 13 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 28 . continued : ( 3 ) 13 she grab the knife . she grab the rope . she start lash Rose to the chair . this all happen right up close to the window . Emily cut the rope , tie Rose to the chair . step back . thinks . grab a bandana . use it to gag Rose . Rose never flutter . out cold . dwight watch . stun . can not believe what he 's watch . he tell himself to stay on task . keeps walk . room eight . end of the line . empty . but the 16 mm camera be there . mounted on the tripod . dwight study the camera . open the case . it 's empty . no film . dwight turn . look back down the hall from where he come . thinks . then. start walk back . room Seven . there 's Rose . unconscious and bound . right up close to the glass . dwight stop . stare at she . get close to she . put he hand on the window . keep move , dwight . he start back down the hall . move faster . room five . there 's darlene . on she foot now . sway and clap and dance . darlene ( cont 'd ) you_got I never know if I be come or go but -- click . dwight flip the speaker . the corridor go silent . we see darlene still sing . dwight do not break stride . room four . ( continued ) 13 14 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 29 . continued : ( 4 ) 13 dwight pass . exit frame . we hold on the observation window . there 's Father Flynn . he 's take a chair and place it against the wall he share with darlene 's room . he sit with the back of he head against the wall . look to the ceiling . hand in he lap . he listen to darlene sing . CUT to : ext . EL royale - parking lot - dusk 14 dwight exit the lobby door . move fast . with purpose . do not even look up as the rumble of thunder overhead signal a income STORM . he 's head to the other side of the parking lot . where a lonely payphone stand beside the gate . he grab the phone . dial a number from memory . dwight director 's office . case 246673. dwight wait . rumble . that thunder clap make dwight look up . Pat pat pat ... the first drop of rain start to fall . dwight straighten up as a voice answer on the other end . dwight ( cont 'd ) director Hoover . this be special agent broadbeck . I be on site at the El Royale . close on dwight as he stare back at the hotel . rumble . dwight ( cont 'd ) Sir , we have a problem . CUT to black . title : room five over black , we hear the upbeat tempo of the crystal sing '' he 's a rebel ... '' the crystal see the way he walk down the street ... 15 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 30 . int . stardream studio - flashback 15 a genuine wall of SOUND hit we as we find ourselves move through a sixties recording studio in full swing : there 's the live band . the drummer snap the snare . the pianist tapping out that iconic rhythm . the sax player wait to come on in ... over there ... in the isolation booth ... there 's the lead singer . her name be vesta shear . she 's in she early twenty , and in six month Dick Clark be gonna call she '' the future of pop music '' on live television . but for now , she 's sing she heart out while the men behind the glass watch . vesta shear my he hold he head up high when he go walk by - y-y-y ... we keep move through the studio ... there 's the three backup singers . we be move down the line of they as they sing they part . all wear bright , colorful dress . all sport bouffant hairdos . backup singers qo0000 .... ooo00o ... and there ... at the end of the backup trio , be a face we recognize ... there 's darlene sweet . she look at least ten year young , even though the reality be only half that . she 's wear a green dress . her eye be close . lose in the music . smiling bright as she belt it out : darlene he 's a rebel and he will never ever be ... any good ... there , watch she through the window , that 's british wunderkind producer buddy sunday himself . he 's dress in he standard savile row suit and scarf . his arm be cross . he 's glower . stare right at darlene . even though she 's only the third backup singer in this whole elaborate affair . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 31 . 15 continued : 15 darlene ( cont 'd ) but he 's not a rebel , no no no , he 's not a rebel , no no -- buddy ( from the booth ) cut. cut . cut it . they all stop play . buddy look exasperate . buddy ( from the booth ) ( cont ’d ) let 's take a break , everyone . darlene ... a word . the other singer give darlene sympathetic look . 16 int . stardream studio - day 16 the musician file out of the studio as buddy enter . darlene watch as he stop vesta before she leave . he cup she cheek . tender . nurture . we can barely make out they conversation : buddy «-- no , no , you be brilliant . this be why I have you track solo . vesta shear I can come in stronger ... buddy I do not want you think , pet . I want you to stay in this -- ( wave he hand over she body ) and let I worry about the knob and dial . okay ? now . get some air . this will be but a minute . vesta exit . leave darlene alone with buddy . buddy approach . his eye go cold as he study darlene . light a cigarette . buddy ( cont 'd ) where be you last night ? darlene I be very sorry . I be not feel well . I call you house and speak with you ... butler . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 32 . 16 continued : 16 buddy valet . darlene he say he would give you the message . I figure I should rest . so I could be fresh today . buddy be that you assessment of you performance thus far ? '' Fresh ? '' darlene I ... I do not know , sir . buddy I tell you , please , call I buddy . or Mr. Sunday , if you must . but never Mr. buddy . impossible not to make that sound patronize . sound like a chocolate bar . do you know how much my time be worth , darlene ? darlene no , sir . Mr. Sunday . buddy Columbia record do . he point to the paperwork he have spread out on the mix console . buddy ( cont 'd ) Columbia record currently value my time at two hundred dollar a hour . be you currently ina position where you can turn down two ... four ... six hundred dollar when it be offer to you ? darlene no . I be not . buddy six hundred dollar of my time . but , instead , you want to stay fresh . which , apparently , mean flat on the intro and sharp on the harmony . ( continued ) 16 17 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 33 . continued : ( 2 ) 16 darlene I will get it right , Mr. Sunday . I promise . buddy do you know how much you time be worth , darlene ? darlene twelve dollar a session . buddy no matter how long the session . which , I suppose , mean the longer I keep you , the less you time be worth . he offer she a cigarette . she politely decline . buddy ( cont 'd ) you have a choice here , darlene . give I one year of you time . and I can make you a star . you will be sing lead . you will be stay at the carlyle . you will be headline the riviera . or. you can continue to treat my time as disposable . and you can keep scroung for twelve dollar backup gig until they dry up . and in five year you will find yourself shuffle between shit hotel , begging for the open slot on waffle night in ... ( shudder ) reno . ( then ) all right . darlene ? do we understand ? close on darlene as we prelap the sound of tick ... tick ... tick ... tick ... match CUT to : int . room five - night 17 same framing . darlene sit in silence as the metronome sway back and forth . tick ... tick ... tick ... tick ... she reach out , stop the metronome . silence . ( continued ) 17 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 34 . continued : 17 she look at she luggage . her suitcase be open . something catch she eye . she reach in , pull out her show dress . hold it up . she notice the seam be split . her shoulder slump . this will have to be sewn . we get the sense this happen a lot . there 's a knock at the door . darlene jump in surprise . who could that be ? she frown . darlene yes ? father flynn ( though door ) hello , darlene ? it 's Father Flynn . from earlier . she leave the chain intact . open the door . Father Flynn look at she through the crack . behind he , the rain be beginning to pour . darlene I be so sorry . I be make too much noise , be not I ? father flynn no , no . not at all ... darlene I have a show tomorrow , and I have to rehearse , I try to make it quiet , but ... ( shake head ) I be so sorry . I will not bother you . I will figure something out . father flynn it 's no bother . quite the opposite , actually . it 's lovely . darlene oh . thank you . father flynn what be that you be sing ? do you write that ? darlene no . no -- that 's the isley Brothers . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 35 . 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 there 's a rumble of thunder on she line . father flynn you brother write that ? darlene no. ( smile ) it 's a famous song . it 's be on the radio . father flynn oh. ( sorry ) I do not know much about the radio this day . darlene I be very sorry , Father . I promise I will keep it -- father flynn I be gonna go find some food . in the lounge . I think I have see if you want to join ? with this place , there 's probably strength in number . darlene oh . no , that 's all right . father flynn you sure ? on I . you can consider it payment for earlier . for let I listen to you sing . darlene that 's ... ( soften ) that 's a very nice thing to say . 18 int . reception desk - night 18 ding . the lounge be empty . Flynn and darlene wait for a moment , just to see if anyone arrive . nobody arrive . father flynn why even have a bell ? darlene I suspect we be on we own . ( continued ) 18 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 36 . continued : 18 Flynn reach into he pocket . slap a handful of pocket change on the desk . father flynn I handle food , you handle entertainment ? darlene deal . darlene take a couple quarter , glance at the television on the desk . newscaster Police be still search for suspect in the grisly murder of a beverly Hills banker and he -- darlene shudder . click . she turn off the television . Flynn make he way over to the California side of the room . notice the fireplace . come to think of it , it be a little chilly in here ... darlene head towards the jukebox . darlene so you have really never hear of the isley Brothers ? Flynn shake he head as he strike a match and light the fireplace . darlene make she way to the jukebox : a beautiful wurlitzer bubbler stock full of .45 . darlene ( cont 'd ) then we have some work to do . ( scan ) how ' bout the four top ? you have hear of they . father flynn ( think ) I be aware there be a group call the four top . but that 's about as much as I get . darlene well . then . you be in for it . she put in a quarter . load up some selection . ( continued ) 18 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 37 . continued : ( 2 ) 18 darlene ( cont 'd ) I almost envy you . '' I get a feeling '' by the four top start to play . '' when you be in my arm ... oh when you be in my arm ... " darlene sway a bit . Flynn nod . I like it . darlene ( cont 'd ) how you make out over there ? Flynn be stand in front of a 1950s sandwich vend machine . father flynn I think you be better at you job than I be at mine . darlene walk over . see the vend carousel of food . Sandwiches , fruit , pastry . everything look gray . darlene oof . father flynn how lucky be you feel tonight ? darlene definitely not eat-that -sandwich - lucky . they stare at the machine . Music play . father flynn pie ? darlene pie work . close shot : quarter drop . pie spin . Flynn and darlene sit in the banquet on the California side of the room . they eat they pie . it 's not bad . they both bop they head to the music . darlene ( cont 'd ) you really never hear this before ? father flynn ( shrug ) my knowledge of what 's go on end somewhere in the fifty . ( more ) ( continued ) 18 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 38 . continued : ( 3 ) 18 father flynn ( cont 'd ) at a certain point , you get leave behind . it 's good , though . darlene you gotta listen to something . father flynn we get a pretty good choir at the heart of Mary . darlene that 's how I get start . Church choir . St. Paul 's Evangelical in decatur . Lutheran . we do not have to get into all that , though . father flynn ( smile ) you be forgiven . darlene I be sure we sing some of the same stuff . let 's see ... you get '' nearer my God to thee ? '' '' alleluia ! sing to Jesus ? '' Flynn nod . sure . darlene ( cont 'd ) how about '' lift I in you arm , hold I on High ? '' that be my first solo . you get that ? ( sing ) '' lift I in you arm , hold I on high ... " Flynn shift uncomfortably in he seat . he seem almost embarrassed . father flynn to be honest ... my memory be not quite what it be . darlene oh. okay . they sit in awkward silence for a moment . father flynn I think I be go to have a toddy . can I interest you ? ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 39 . continued : ( 4 ) 18 darlene no , thank you . father flynn you sure ? nothing like whiskey on a cold night . darlene I be fine . Flynn stand up and head to the bar . close shot : the record end . the jukebox switch out the - 45 . '' bernadette '' by the four top start to play . darlene ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) this one . this be a record . she lip sync along . '' bernadette , people be searchin’ for the kind of love that we possess ... " close shot : whiskey pour into a glass . a pencil write '' i.0.u . - whiskey '' then make a slash next to it . Flynn sit back down . take a drink of whiskey . father flynn that 's where you be from ? Georgia ? darlene Illinois . people make that mistake all the time . I be not quite sure why the world need two decatur . father flynn what be you do out here ? darlene I live in bakersfield now . but I get a job sing in reno tomorrow . father flynn that 's exciting . darlene that 's not exactly the word I have use to describe a six o'clock shift at a keno lounge . but . it 's a job . father flynn why be you stay here ? ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 40 . 18 continued : ( 5 ) 18 darlene it 's not a good job . do not pay nothing . if I stay in reno proper I would end up in the hole . outskirt be cheaper . father flynn why do it at all ? darlene hesitates . sadness in she eye . she shrug . I do not know ... darlene some day ... I ask myself that same question . she recover . he think darlene ( cont 'd ) singin 's singin’ , I guess . ( then ) how ' bout you ? how have you end up at the El Royale ? father flynn I be up in oakland . visit my brother . make my way back to Indiana . have to get off the road before dark . my eye be bad at night . ( then ) ritz-carlton be book . so here we be . darlene I be guess the church pay about the same as a reno keno parlor ? father flynn ( nod ) about that . darlene you and you brother close ? father flynn we use to be . about it . drink . father flynn ( cont ’d ) we use to be . ( then ) ( more ) ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 4l. 18 continued : ( 6 ) 18 father flynn ( cont ’d ) can I confess something to you , darlene ? darlene be not it suppose to be the other way ' round ? father flynn ( smile ) we can make allowance for that , if need be . but ... ( then ) when I say my memory be not what it use to be ... I may have be understate thing a tad . ( drink ) for the last few year , I have be have problem with my recall . and I do not think it 's just my age . ( then ) I be certain it 's not just age . '' but how can they control you , bernadette ? when they cannot control themselves , bernadette ? '' father flynn ( cont ’d ) I wake up some day , and I can not remember who I be . I have moment where I lose time ... when you see I in the parking lot , today , actually . I have completely forget where I be . what I be do . it 's the strangest feel . you look around and you be someone else . and you do not know who that be . darlene Father ... can I say something ? ( then ) it sound like you should see a doctor . father flynn I do . ( smile ) he agree with my assessment that it 's not just age . darlene ( oh ) I be sorry . ( more ) ( continued ) 18 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 42 . continued : ( 7 ) 18 darlene ( cont 'd ) ( then ) I be very sorry . he smile a kindly smile . father flynn I be not look for pity . might be for the best , in fact . some part of my life be not worth remember . no , I be just tell you because , if I seem scattered ... I do not mean offense . she pat he hand . darlene none take . Flynn finish he drink . exhales . father flynn I could use another . he stand up . make he way back to the bar . she get up , too . carry they dirty plate over to the bar . father flynn ( cont ’d ) sure I can not tempt you ? my memory may be spotty , but I do recall it 's a sin to let a old priest drink alone . darlene okay , sure . one drink . father flynn Grand . darlene walk back over to the jukebox . close shot : Flynn pour two drink . Flynn glance up at darlene . confirm she 's not look at he . she 's lose in the music . and in this moment , as he stare at darlene , Father Flynn 's face change . the kindly old priest disappear . and be replace by a different man . a much harder man . ( continued ) 18 19 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 43 . continued : ( 8 ) 18 father flynn ( cont ’d ) perhaps I could even tempt you to grace I with a song again later ? Father Flynn reach into he jacket and remove a small glass vial . he pour a clear liquid into darlene 's drink . darlene do not see any of this happen . darlene ( back turn ) do not push you luck , Father . but . if you happen to find yourself in reno tomorrow ... I go on at six . father flynn I would like that . hold on flynn . his face drift again . as though he 's forget , once again , where he be . or. perhaps he 's have second thought about what he 's about to do . he repeat the word to himself , as though he 's realize he really mean they : father flynn ( cont ’d ) ( quietly ) I would like that . but . then . his face harden with resolve . he pick up the glass . he turn around ... father flynn ( cont ’d ) but until then -- and darlene bashes he in the face with a wine bottle . crash ! the bottle shatter . blood and glass fly everywhere . Father Daniel Flynn go down in a wet heap . darlene stare down at he unconscious body . on the jukebox we hear Levi stubb scream out : levi stubb ( 0.s. ) bernadette ! CUT to black . title : 950 Pennsylvania Avenue 19 we hear two voice : ( continued ) 19 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 44 , continued : 19 dwight ( on tape ) ... in the process of retrieve we equipment , I discover a additional wiretap and four microphone . title : Washington , D.C. title 5th floor hoover ( on tape ) do you recognize the equipment ? Northeast corner suite title dwight ( on tape ) I do not believe it be ours , sir . title anteroom int . director' office - anteroom - night helen gandy begin work for J. Edgar Hoover in 1918 . she will remain he executive assistant until he death in 1972 . her finger fly across the typewriter as she transcribe he conversation from earlier . dwight ( on tape ) ( cont 'd ) upon investigation , I discover the room also have a two - way mirror . I find similar room in this hotel , along with camera equipment . hoover ( on tape ) do you find film ? dwight ( on tape ) no sir . I call as soon as I discover the camera . hoover ( on tape ) no one be to leave there , agent broadbeck , until you have any and all exist surveillance material in you possession . dwight ( on tape ) understood , sir . 20 21 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 45 . ext . EL royale - night 20 rain be pour down now as dwight make he way through the parking lot . he 's watch the front carefully , he do not want to be see . he slide up to Emily 's mustang , pop the hood . yank the distributor coil cable free . pocket it in he raincoat . CUT to : dwight repeat the process on Flynn 's futura . CUT to : dwight repeat the process on darlene 's studebaker . he shut the hood ... and stare at the hotel . dwight ( on tape ) Sir ... there 's something else . while investigate the observation corridor , I witness what appear to be a kidnap in process . a young woman , caucasian , hold another woman hostage . also caucasian . hoover ( on tape ) the priority be the surveillance material , agent broadbeck . peripheral matter be not we concern . dwight stand in the rain . stare at the hotel . dwight ( on tape ) Sir ... int . director' office - anteroom - night 21 tape reel spin as helen transcribe : hoover ( on tape ) I be not in the habit of repeat myself , agent broadbeck , but I will do so here to ensure there be no confusion .... close on helen 's page as she key type : '' do not interfere . '' 22 23 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 46 . int . room one - night 22 dwight stand in front of he mirror . soaking wet . breathe hard . think . he glance at himself in the mirror . CUT to black . title : room Seven we hear the gentle sound of crash wave ... ext . santa monica - beach - day 23 a solitary trail of boot print lead up the beach to where a young eighteen - year- old girl sit beside a large Army duffel . it 's Rose . she 's wear cowboy boot and jeans . she sit in the sand with she knee to she chest . she 's cry . a barefoot man walk along the boot print . theirs be the only footprint on the beach . barefoot man hi. Rose look up and squint . the man be backlit by the set California sun . we never get a good look at he face . rose hi. barefoot man I like you boot . rose they be my daddy 's . barefoot man do not look like they be you daddy 's no more . ( then ) that why you be cry ? Rose shrug . ( continued ) 23 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 47 . continued : 23 barefoot man ( cont ’d ) do not get a lot of girl down here in boot . you come straight from the station ? Rose shrug . barefoot man ( cont ’d ) it 's all right , boot . you do not get to say nothin’ . I / '11 figure it out in three guess . watch . Tennessee . Rose just look at he . barefoot man ( cont ’d ) Nah . too easy . and you be not no Texas girl , I know that much for sure . West Virginia ? ( she shake she head ) ' course not . '' let 's not be insulting , billy Lee . '' Nah , I be just messin’ about with you . I know it the second I see this bootprint in this beach . ( then ) you be a Alabama girl . off her look . barefoot man ( cont ’d ) see . told you I could do it in three . he take he shirt off , drop it next to she . barefoot man ( cont ’d ) now you get to come swim with I . rose ( smile ) that be not the deal . barefoot man sure it be . you know the game the second we start play . he unbuckle he belt . slip out of he jeans . nake . he walk towards the ocean . ( continued ) 23 24 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 48 . continued : ( 2 ) 23 barefoot man ( cont ’d ) c'mon , boot . you get no reason to cry no more ... close on rose as she hear : barefoot man ( cont ’d ) you be in California now . match CUT to : int . room seven - night 24 same framing . close on rose . bound and gag . her eye flutter . she groan . Emily look up from across the room , where she 's busy stashing she gear under the bed . she hurry over to Rose , kneel down next to she . emily Rose ? rosie ? it 's okay . you be safe . you be here with I . it 's em . Rose 's eye from fear to recognition to anger in a flash . she strain against she bond . emily ( cont 'd ) rosie . stop . you be safe . but I can not untie you . not ' till you be right . we gotta get you right . ( Rose struggle ) I ‘spect you be all kind of mad at I . and some extent you be right to be . but we be gonna wait this out . we be gonna wait ' till you be clear . then we will have it out . she kiss Rose on the forehead . Rose look at she with malice . emily ( cont 'd ) I have to get you away from he , rosie . he 's all kind of bad . and we gotta get as far away from he as possible . you 'il understand . we just gotta get you clear ... and you will understand . and right then ... there 's a knock at the door . ( continued ) 24 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 49 , continued : 24 both jump in surprise . Emily hop to she foot , grab she handgun . lock eye with rosie . hold a finger to she lip . shhhhh ... Emily creep to the door . we hear dwight 's voice outside : dwight ( 0.s. ) ma ’am ? hello ? I be so sorry to bother you . Emily look through the keyhole . frown . emily what do you want ? dwight ma’am , it 's laramie Sullivan . we meet earlier in the lobby . would you mind open up the door ? emily no , I be not gonna do that . dwight of course . I certainly respect that . good to be cautious . we can talk through the door if that suit you . emily what do you want ? dwight Storm 's wreckin’ hell on the hotel . gettin 's all kind of complaint with people 's power and such . Boy up front ask I to help check on the woman , make sure everyone 's safe . emily I be fine . dwight that 's good news . ( then ) listen ... if you would not mind -- emily fuck . off . there 's a long silence . ( continued ) 24 25 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 50 . continued : ( 2 ) 24 dwight I be very sorry to have spook you , mar ’am . have a safe night . we hear footstep walk away . Rose watch Emily in the mirror . Emily watch through the keyhole . wait . turn back towards Rose ... and dwight kick in the door . wham ! the door hit Emily -- she spin to fire -- but before she can , dwight backhand she with the butt of he gun . she go down hard , between the two bed . her gun go skitter across the floor . dwight put he foot on Emily 's gun . kick it into the bathroom . keeps he gun train on Emily . but she 's unconscious . not move . Rose cry out beneath she gag . dwight hurry over to she . dwight ( cont 'd ) it 's okay -- it 's okay . I be the law . it 's all right ... he reach into he pocket . pull out a switchblade . start cut free she rope . dwight ( cont 'd ) you be safe now . on the ground . Emily groan as blood drip from she temple . match CUT to : int . summerspring house - night 25 same framing . eight -year- old emily on the ground . blood drip from she head . man 's voice do not touch it . let it bleed . her Pov : we see that boot from earlier walk away from she across the wood floor . the voice belong to she father , hutch summerspring . ( continued ) 25 26 27 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 51 . continued : 25 man 's voice ( cont ’d ) next time you want to get smart you look down at all that red and you think twice . tear well up in Emily 's eye . her Pov : hutch walk to the kitchen . open the fridge . hutch where 's rosie ? Emily struggle to she foot . race up the stair . int . upstair - night 26 a angelic four -year -old be fast asleep in she bed . young emily Rose ? rosie ? get up . it 's okay . come with I . downstair . we hear glass break . the man yell . Emily lead a half - asleep Rose to what look like a guest room . there 's a four-post bed . she push Rose under the bed . get on she hand and knee . look Rose in the eye . young emily ( cont ’d ) do not you come out , okay ? no matter what you hear , you stay put . hutch ( 0.s. ) where 's rosie ? Rose 's Pov : look at she big sister from under the bed . young emily no matter what you hear , do not make a sound . match CUT to : int . room seven - night 27 same framing . look at Emily from under the bed . she wince in pain . her eye struggle to find focus . she lock on something . she 's look right at we . Emily 's Pov : under the bed , a green army duffel . stick out of it : ( continued ) 27 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 52 . continued : 27 a shotgun . across the room -- dwight finish untying Rose . pull the gag down out of she mouth . dwight you do not have any reason to be scared . you be safe now . rose ( smile ) okay , good . emily rosie ... they turn as Emily rise . emily ( cont 'd ) get out of the way . Rose step aside . revealing Emily . point she shotgun . right at dwight . boom . the shot be deafening . Emily shoot dwight right in the chest . both barrel . his chest explode . behind he , the mirror shatter . dwight 's body hit the ground in a bloody mess . Rose stare down at he dead body . curious . surprisingly calm for what 's just transpire . Emily struggle to catch she breath . struggle to process what the fuck just happen . she lower the shotgun . look to the dead body . look to she sister . and then she look to where the mirror use to be . because there 's not a wall behind that mirror . instead , there 's a black hole . and there seem to be sound come from that hole . somebody be scream . Emily and Rose look to each other . look back to the hole . ( continued ) 27 28 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 53 . continued : ( 2 ) 27 camera float between the two girl ... over dwight 's dead body ... towards what 's leave of that mirror ... and into the black hole . CUT to black . int . lounge - night 28 rapid FIRE shot bring we back to earlier : the second -hand on the wall clock tick forward . darlene grab a wine bottle from the rack . wham ! she bashes dock in the head . he crash down hard . close shot : the mechanical arm choose another record in the wurlitzer . drop it onto the turntable . the needle hit the vinyl . we hear the crystal start sing : the crystal well he walk up to I and he ask I if I want to dance ... Father Daniel Flynn lie unconscious on the California side of the lobby . Broken glass and puddle of booze . the crystal ( cont ’d ) he look kind of nice and so I say I might take a chance ... we hear footstep . tennis shoe run into frame . voice Father ? oh no ... it 's mile . he race to Flynn 's side . mile Father Flynn -- Father Flynn -- oh no no -- wake up -- Father -- Flynn groan as mile pat he face . he gasp . disorient . shove mile away . fear in he eye . tries to sit upright . mile ( cont ’d ) Father , do not try to move -- Flynn look at mile with daze eye . father flynn I be not you father . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 54 . 28 continued : 28 mile take it easy . take it real easy . you be hurt . what the heck happen ? Father Flynn touch the wound on he head . rub the blood between he finger . his eye drift as he listen . father flynn what 's this song ? mile Father ... do you know where you be ? clarity start to creep into Flynn 's eye . father flynn what happen ? mile that 's what I be askin’ you . I just find you like this . on the floor . you get glass in you head . Flynn pick break glass out of he head . father flynn where 's ... where 's ... ( then ) be I alone ? mile yeah . why ? be you with somebody ? father flynn ( think ; then ) no. Flynn get to he foot . but as he take a step , he knee get weak . he manage to slide into the banquet . father flynn ( cont ’d ) kid ... what 's you name again ? mile mile . father flynn mile . I need a drink . ( then ) fix I a drink . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 55 . continued : ( 2 ) 28 mile I be not so sure that 's a good idea . father flynn just one drink . to clear my head . I would do it myself , but ... ( gesture to mess ) look what happen . mile hesitates . unsure . father flynn ( cont ’d ) I fall down , mile . I be old . shit happen . get the whiskey . mile head towards the bar . Flynn sit in the banquet and listen to the music . he catch a glimpse of himself in the reflection on the wall . see the priest collar . mile Father ... I be hope ... ( pour drink ) I be hope I could ask for you help . I be go . I be go from the church for a while now ... he hand Flynn a glass of whiskey and a towel . mile ( cont ’d ) but I be devout . my whole life . baptize . confirm . never miss a Sunday ' till I leave Indiana . Flynn drink . still a little woozy . flynn I be bear in Indiana . mile really ? no kiddin’ . whereabouts ? Flynn do not respond . he take the towel and dab he head . look at he own blood . mile ( cont ’d ) Father ... I be hope ... see ... ( then ) I get thing I need to confess . father flynn not right now , kid . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 56 . 28 continued : ( 3 ) 28 mile okay , Father . right . of course . it 's just ... I be penitent , Father , I promise . I be penitent and I be afraid for my soul . ( then ) I have do horrible thing . father flynn so 's everybody . you will be fine . Flynn finish the drink . stands . take a few step . he 's get he sea leg back . father flynn ( cont ’d ) you get a master key to this place ? mile do you lock yourself out of you room ? father flynn ( nod ) like I say , kid , I be old . close shot : the drawer slide open , revealing the room key . mile should be right here ... but it 's not . there 's a empty hook instead . mile look distress . 29 int . maintenance closet - night 29 mile rummages through he cramped closet . look for the key . he can not find it . know something 's wrong . Flynn watch over mile 's shoulder . mile see Flynn look at he heroin rig . mile Father ... Flynn shrug . do a quick sign of the cross on mile . you be forgiven . father flynn where 's the key ? mile shake he head . walk towards the corridor . ( continued ) 29 30 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 57 . continued : 29 mile I tell you this be not a good place , Father . int . corridor - night 30 mile walk round the corner . Flynn follow . stepping with caution . what the fuck be this place ? mile stop in front of the first window . head down in shame . Flynn step forward . see it 's he room . father flynn you watch I ? his eye flash . he grab mile by the throat . slam he up against the wall . mile cry out in pain . father flynn ( cont 'd ) what do you see ? mile I do not see nothin 's ! I do not -- I only watch who they tell I to watch . father flynn who 's '' they ? '' mile management . I get a call , '' so - and - so check in , set up the camera . '' have not happen as much since the election ... Flynn 's head whip around . he see the camera down at the end of the hall . Flynn let go of mile . he start walk towards the camera . stop at the next room ... darlene 's room . mile ( cont ’d ) mostly they just want , you know , people ... screwin’ . it 's empty . no sign of darlene anywhere . but the sound baffle be still on the wall . Flynn stare at they . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 58 . 30 continued : 30 father flynn what do you do with the film ? mile develop it in one of the back cabin . mail it to management . p.o. box in Pennsylvania . hold on Flynn . his mind racing . he keep walk down the hall . mile follow . father flynn you ever keep any of the film ? mile do not respond . father flynn ( cont 'd ) mile . mile last year . the big celebration . man stay with we ... he be know . a big deal . you know ? management want he . they really want he . but he be kind to I . so I tell they there be not no woman in he room . father flynn but_you keep the film ? mile do not say anything . tear start to well in he eye . mile Father ... this be not even what I be tryin' to confess . I do so much worse than this ... mile put he head in he hand . father flynn mile ...? but something catch they attention . Light flicker , shadow move on the wall across from room Seven . mile step forward . and stop right in he track . Flynn join he . and we angle around to reveal : Rose . bound and gag . right up close to the window . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 59 . 30 continued : ( 2 ) 30 mile who be that ?! Jesus . Emily cross from the other side of the room . squat down next to she . start talk . we can not hear she . mile flip the intercom switch . emily ( in room ) you be safe . but I can not untie you . not ' till you be right . we gotta get you right ... mile we gotta help she . ( then ) we gotta help she , Father . Flynn stare at Emily and Rose . mind racing . make he decision . grab mile . pushes up so he can not see in the room anymore . father flynn what do you do with the film ? mile ( panicked ) Father , we gotta do something . we gotta help she -- Flynn speak with a calm , gentle voice . father flynn mile . listen to I . ( then ) the Lord want you to tell I where the film be . CUT to : 31 int . maintenance closet - night 31 Flynn yank the mattress off mile 's cot . see the cinder block underneath . lift one up , revealing a little hide place : some heroin bindle . a bible . and_a_can of 16 mm film . 32 33 34 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 60 . int . observation corridor - night 32 mile watch in grow horror as Emily stand with she handgun , talk to dwight through the door : emily fuck . off . dwight I be very sorry to have spook you , mar 'am . have a safe night . wham ! mile jump as dwight kick the door open , backhand emily across the room . mile Father Flynn ! int . maintenance closet - night 33 Flynn have unspool a length of the 16 mm film . he 's hold it up to the light . he turn he head as he hear mile scream for he . int . observation corridor - night 34 Flynn come hurry around the corner , see a panicked mile down at the end of the hall . mile Father Flynn get down here that vacuum man just bust down the door and he beat up that other girl and he 's get a gun -- Flynn race forward . emily ( 0.s. ) rosie -- get out of the way . we hear the cold metal rack of the shotgun . father flynn kid -- get away from the window ! ka - boom ! the window explode in the shotgun blast . mile disappear in a storm of buckshot and glass . Flynn jump , slam on the brake . watch in horror as mile hit the ground . hold on flynn . stare at the hole where the window use to be . he look down at mile . ( continued ) 34 35 36 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 61 . continued : 34 and mile start to move . his face be a mess of blood and glass and buckshot . but he seem to be alive . he cry out in pain . hold on flynn . frozen . not know what to do . mile cry out on the ground . mile ahhbhhh ... help I ... Flynn take a step forward . move to help he . but then think twice . Flynn stop . he start back up . he turn and run . we be at the far end of the hall . he race past we , round the corner . and just as Flynn disappear from view -- Emily stick the shotgun through the hole . swing it towards we . scan the corridor . see the bloody boy on the ground . emily Jesus Fucking Christ ! CUT to black . int . lounge - night 35 close shot . the mechanical arm choose a record . '' bernadette '' start to play . tick ! the clock tick forward . wham ! darlene bashes Flynn in the face with the bottle . whump ! Flynn hit the ground in a heap . ext . parking lot - night 36 ring-ring . darlene race out of the lobby , into the rainstorm . panic on she face . breathe hard . she scan the parking lot . think , darlene ... 37 38 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 62 . int . room five - night 37 darlene grab she key from she night stand . grab she purse . look to the rest of she belonging . no time . leave they behind . she bolt towards the door . ext . parking lot - night 38 rumble . the rain be a genuine deluge . the crash sound of water and thunder drow out all other noise . but darlene creep through the darkness nonetheless . stepping carefully . keeping a eye on the lobby . she see no movement through the window . okay , good . breathe , darlene . breathe . time to go . she turn to step out of the darkness , into the parking lot , when -- whump . she hear something . a muffle thump in the parking lot . she turn , and see -- dwight . he just shut the hood of Flynn 's futura . he 's make he way over to the studebaker . darlene 's car . darlene stay crouch in the shadow . watch in grow horror . what be this man do ? dwight pop darlene 's hood . he search around in she engine . rip something out of it . then dwight step forward . stare at the hotel . hold on darlene . stare at this man . stand motionless in the middle of the storm . it 's unsettle . dwight walk to he room . disappear . darlene wait . oh god , what do he do ? she bolt through the rain to she car . slip into the driver 's seat . fumble with she key . hand shaking . c’mon , darlene . she manage to get the key into the ignition . turn it ... nothing . ( continued ) 38 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 63 . continued : 38 the car 's dead . no . she try again . click . and again . click . nothing . and all the fear and panic that darlene 's be keep at bay , it all come home . she start pound at the steering wheel ... no no no no no ... hold it together , darlene . she grip the steering wheel tight . what do I do what do I do ? she close she eye . tries to keep she voice calm . darlene ( quietly ) dear Lord , please give I guidance . I be here in darkness and I need you light . she see something outside . it 's dwight again . he 's leave he room . he 's head towards room Seven . now what ? darlene watch from the cover darkness of she car : dwight knock on the door . dwight seem to be have a conversation with the person inside . dwight seem to be get frustrated . dwight step away from the door . dwight pull he gun out of he coat . darlene 's eye go wide as dwight step quickly to the door and kick it OPEN . darlene jump -- oh my god -- as dwight disappear into the room . darlene open she door . move on instinct -- through the rain -- stay cover . try to get a better look at what 's happen inside that room . there 's dwight , cut Rose free . there 's Emily get to she foot . with a shotgun . before darlene can scream -- boom . Emily shoot dwight . darlene clap she hand over she mouth to stifle she scream . oh god no . darlene 's Pov : Emily and Rose look at each other in shock . look to the shattered window . Emily step forward . cautious . she poke she head through the hole . ( continued ) 38 39 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 64 . continued : ( 2 ) 38 emily Jesus Fucking Christ ! the storm around darlene make it hard to hear exactly what 's be say in the room . we hear distant scream . word come through muffle . emily ( cont 'd ) what be this ? ( then ) keep you fuck hand where I can see they ! what the hell be this ? Emily think . look to Rose . emily ( cont 'd ) rosie . stay right there . rose okay . Emily take the shotgun , clear the remain glass on the edge of the window . she climb through the hole , keep she gun train on the ground below . then she disappear . emily ( 0.s. ) I say keep you hand where I can see they ! hold on darlene . crouched in the pour rain . watch this strange horror unfold : Rose step forward . look through the hole in the window . huh . a curious child . then Rose turn away . survey the room . something catch she attention ... the telephone . int . room seven - night 39 in the room now . we can hear thing much clearer . Emily yelling . mile scream . mile ( 0.s. ) emily ( 0.s . ) I do not have a gun -- what be you do ? Jesus ! you shot I in the face -- ( continued ) 39 40 41 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 65 . continued : 39 Rose pick up the phone . glance back towards the hole . no sign of Emily . she dial a number from memory . listen . when she hear the voice on the other end , she face light up with happiness . speak quietly : rose ( into phone ) hi ! it 's I . ( listen ) I do not know . I be with em . she have I all tie up . I think she shot a cop . emily ( 0.s. ) what be this place ? rose ( into phone ) we be in a hotel . I do not know . ( smile bright ) you will ? okay , let I look ... ext . parking lot - night 40 darlene watch Rose talk on the phone . can not quite make out what she 's say . see Rose start to open drawer . look for something ... int . room seven - night 41 Rose hold up a matchbook . rose ( into phone ) it say '' El Royale . '' emily ( 0.s. ) rosie -- c'mon -- rose ( into phone ) I gotta go . ( smile ) okay . see you soon . Rose hang up . she walk back across the room . look down at dwight 's lifeless body . huh . emily ( 0.s. ) get up ! move . we hear mile cry out in pain . Rose hop up on the window . slip through the hole into the darkness . ( continued ) 41 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 66 . continued : 41 emily ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you do back here ? hold on the empty room as the sound of Emily , mile , and Rose recede . camera drift back towards the front door . rain and lightning and thunder . darlene 's head peek into the room . she step forward tentatively , eye on that window , ready to bolt at the first sign of movement . she creep into the room . heart pound . keep it together , darlene . eye locked on that window . she slide up next to dwight 's dead body . start patting he bloody chest . where be it ? where be it ? there . she reach into he jacket . eye still watch that window . pull out ... the distributor coil cable . actually , to be precise , she pull out three distributor coil cable . and they be all bloody . and they look like they have be chew with buckshot . darlene 's heart fall . panic take hold once again . not right now , darlene . her eye glance down to dwight 's face . his glassy , empty eye stare up at she . get move , darlene . she start to head back the way she come . but then she stop . see something across the room . there . on the floor ... dwight 's gun . darlene grab it . bolt from the room . 42 43 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 67 . ext . parking lot - night 42 darlene pop the hood of she studebaker . stare at the engine . look at the bloody cable in she hand . what do I do with this ? she search for where they might fit . her hand shake . it 's dark . she can barely see the engine , let alone discern where the cable might go . she make she best guess . tries to lock one of the cable in place . she close the hood . int . studebaker - night 43 darlene get in she car . shut the door . her hand fumble for she key . c’mom ... c' mon ... she put the key in the ignition . take a breath . please . darlene turn the key . the engine groan . but do not turn over . she grip the steering wheel so tight she knuckle turn white . darlene ( close she eye ) Lord ... there 's a knock at the passenger 's side window . darlene cry out in surprise . she reach into she coat , pull out the gun , point it right at -- Father Flynn . he 's at the passenger window . holding both hand where darlene can see they . do not shoot . I mean no harm . he gesture for darlene to roll down the window . after a moment , she do . never take the gun off he . father flynn I just want to talk . can I get in ? darlene think about it for a moment . darlene I will shoot you in the face . ( continued ) 43 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 68 . continued : 43 father flynn I believe you . he do not wait for further invitation . he open the door . sit down in the passenger seat slowwwwwwly . he roll up the window . he wipe the rain from he forehead . he stare at the hotel . father flynn ( cont ’d ) well. ( then ) we be in a bit of a pickle here . darlene just stare at he . tries to keep the gun from shaking as she point it right at he . father flynn ( cont ’d ) I be sorry I try to drug you back there in the lobby . ( then ) I be not try to diddle you or nothing like that . I just need to break into you room and I do not want to hurt you . more than need be , I mean . ( then ) no hard feeling about bashing I in the head , be what I be say . Flynn stare at the hotel . thinks . father flynn ( cont ’d ) I be pretty sure that girl just kill a cop of some sort . darlene ( nod ) they do . father flynn you see it ? darlene nod . father flynn ( cont ’d ) that he gun ? she nod again . Flynn think . ( continued ) 43 44 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 69 . continued : ( 2 ) 43 father flynn ( cont ’d ) this be not so good for we . he look at she . almost as a afterthought : father flynn ( cont ’d ) I be not really a priest . darlene yeah . ( then ) no shit . CUT to black . title : room four we hear what sound like sleigh bell jingling . and be that some sort of Christmas music in the distance ? int . / ext . armore car - day 44 same framing . close on the man we know as Father Flynn . at least , we think that 's he ... it 's hard to know for sure beneath that black hat and mask he 's wear . we should probably start call this man by he real name now : this be dock o’kelly . we start slowly tracking back ... rotating as we do so ... dock seem to be frantically shove cash into a familiar red bag . Cash seem to flip and flutter in the air around we ... we keep pull back ... snowflake drift in among the cash ... dock turn , climb towards we , and we reveal we be in : 1958 . small town , main street u.s.a. Christmas time . festive light frame the folksy storefront . decoration and snowdrift line the street . and right in the middle of it all ... a horrible car accident . a armore car have be flip completely upside down by a black chevy truck . it 's chaos . smoke billow from the car . Cash and snow drift through the air . dock climb out of the back of the car , move fast , shotgun in one hand , red bag in the other . he look to larsen rogers , who be similarly dress in a suit , hat , and mask . larsen be crouch down , look at the two unconscious guard near the wreckage . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 70 . 44 continued : 44 dock be they dead ? larsen they x11 live . dock ( angry ) where would you learn to drive ? larsen they swerve . dock they tend to do that when you be box sweepin’ ‘em -- larsen '' stay on he fender . '' that 's what you say . '' I want ‘em scared . '' dock scare . not ... comatose . larsen ( sheepish ) comas be scary . scrreech . a roaring buick tear around the corner , expertly swerving to a stop in the middle of the action . the third member of the team hop out of the car ... felix o’kelly . dock 's brother . the same man we see at the beginning of the film . he survey the wreckage . step towards larsen . angry . felix be they dead ? larsen okay ... felix where would you learn to drive ? larsen we have be over this -- ( continued ) 44 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 71 . continued : ( 2 ) 44 dock shut _your fuck mouth . get the money . not one more word . larsen begrudgingly start scoop up what loose money he can from the ground . dock ( cont 'd ) ( to Felix ) they be not dead . felix praise the Lord . we can not leave this here ... Felix hop behind the wheel of the wreck chevy . turn it over . the engine groan and rumble ... but it start . Felix slam it into reverse , pull it free from the armored car . he back up a few foot , right next to dock . the two man listen to the clanking engine . dock will it run ? Felix just shrug . who the fuck know ? they stare at larsen as he scoops up the money . felix think the kid 's bent or just stupid ? dock I be go with stupid but I be willing to be persuade . across the way : onlooker peek out from a christmas tree lot . dock ( cont 'd ) hang on , I better scatter this kid ... dock step towards the Christmas tree . he rack the shotgun and yell at two child : dock ( cont 'd ) this 'il cut_your little leg off at the fuck kneecap ! the kid run . dock turn back to Felix . felix you be start to sound like Mom . ( continued ) 44 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 72 . continued : ( 3 ) 44 dock do not start . in the distance , we hear siren . felix what do we do , dock ? hold on dock . stand in the middle of this chaos . think . then . dock get out of the car , Felix . dock open the door . hand Felix the red bag . dock ( cont 'd ) take the kid . Ditch the buick at rocklin and split up . i’11 lead they south and burn this once I be clear . ( then ) we will meet at the El Royale . there 's a moment as this two brother stand in the center of the storm . snow drift down as they lock eye . dock ( cont 'd ) Felix ... dock glance at larsen . dock ( cont 'd ) play it close . Felix nod . dock slide behind the wheel of the truck . felix you sure about this ? close on dock . as he stare out at the chaos . dock I get it under control . voice ( pre - lap ) please rise ... match CUT to : 45 46 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 73 . int . courtroom - day 45 same framing . close on dock . now clean up in a cheap suit and tie as he stand up next to he lawyer and await he sentence . judge Donald o’ Kelly . on the charge of grand larceny and conspiracy to commit larceny , I hereby sentence you to fifteen year in the federal penitentiary . hold on dock as he hear he sentence . pre-lap the sound of a man scream ... match CUT to : int . prison cell - night 46 same framing . though now dock 's lie on he back . and he look a decade older . his wild , terrify eye look up at we as he thrashes about in he bunk . dock where be I where be I where be I ? his cellmate be a large , tattooe man name sammy wild . he try to roust dock from what seem like a waking nightmare . sammy dock , dock -- stop -- hey -- hey -- you be okay -- dock sit up . stare at he cramped cell . confused . terrify . gasp for air . a frighten child . dock where be I ? sammy same place you have be for the last ten fuck year . cell block four. just breathe ... you be okay ... sammy 's voice seem to be calming dock down . we get the sense this happen a lot . ( continued ) 46 47 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 74 . continued : 46 sammy ( cont 'd ) ( exhales ) Jesus , dock . we gotta do something about this . hold on dock as he stare at he cell . try to remember who he be . CUT to : int . prison hospital - day 47 same framing . close on a X - ray of a skull . dr . william laurence study the X - Ray . take a drag off he cigarette . dock sit in a prison hospital bed . he 's wear he prison clothes . one hand be handcuff to the bed rail . he 's gota black eye and a bandage forehead . dock what do you think ? dr . laurence I think you should stop fight with the nigger , for starter . dock mexican . this time . and I do not do nothing . dr . laurence I would hate to see what it look like when you do something . they tell I that boy down the hall may not walk again . dock they jump I . dr . laurence sure . Dr. laurence stare at the chart . lose in think . dock it 's not the fight . Dr. laurence take a drag off he cigarette . grave . ( continued ) 47 48 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 75 . continued : 47 dr . laurence ( agree ) it 's not the fight . he wheel himself closer to dock . dr . laurence ( cont ’d ) tell I about you family . any history of dementia ? Alzheimer 's ? dock nod . dock my mother . ( then ) her father . Dr. laurence offer dock one of he cigarettes . dock take it . Dr. laurence light it for he . dock ( cont 'd ) how long do I get ? Dr. laurence think . smoke . dr . laurence when be you up for parole ? dock six month . dr . laurence ( shrug ) you should make it ' till then . off dock -- match CUT to : int . studebaker - night 48 same framing . dock sit in the passenger seat . stare out at the rain . darlene keep the gun on he . dock ten year ago , my brother Felix and I rob a armored car in Sacramento . job go bad . I think we get burn by we crew . I go to prison , Felix get kill at the meetup . which be here . at the El Royale . we have a plan , case thing go south . ( more ) ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 76 . 48 continued : 48 dock ( cont 'd ) bury the money in the floor of the room . when they find he body , they never make no mention of the money . ( then ) I could not remember what room we say . either four or five . it be true what I say back there about my mind not be what it be . I guess wrong . so . I think there 's a whole mess of money bury in you room . ( then ) and I need you help to get it . they sit in silence for a bit . the rain pour down . darlene and you expect I to believe all that . dock consider she question . dock um. well . it 's the truth . so there 's that . but ... no . I get it . ( frown ) how have you know I be not on the up - and - up in the first place ? darlene ( shrug ) you spend you life gettin’ shook , you learn to spot a shaker . dock nod . like the way that sound . dock be that from a song ? darlene shake she head . dock ( cont 'd ) what if you be wrong ? you have have bashed a priest in the face for no reason . darlene I would find a way to forgive myself . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 77 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 dock ( think ) I suppose I have do the same if I be in you situation . darlene and now ? what would you do if you be I ? dock think about it . dock I guess my first instinct would be to shoot this old man in the face and clear out of dodge . darlene you be dead right so far . dock but then I would think that through . the car do not work , and this storm be not let up . how far be I get on foot tonight ? people be gonna come look for that dead cop soon enough . and I sure do not want to be the black woman in the wood with the gun when they do . ( beat ) so . then I start think about my other option . I suppose I could walk back in there and take my chance with that kid ... darlene I promise you I be not think that . dock which lead I to option three . maybe I hear this old man out . maybe he 's tell the truth . maybe he can help I . ( then ) maybe there really be money in my room . and maybe this old man ... maybe he do not have a lot of time leave . and he 's fine with fifty percent of whatever we find in that floor . hold on darlene . stare at dock . ( continued ) 48 49 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 78 . continued : ( 3 ) 48 dock ( cont 'd ) if I be wrong , I can still shoot he later . but if I be right , I just might survive this night . ( then ) if I be right ... I can walk out of here with enough money to change my life forever . darlene stare at dock o'kelly . see he for who he be . see what he 's offer . she think . she glance at the El Royale . then . darlene how much money we talk about exactly ? CUT to : int . lounge - night 49 the mechanical arm choose another record . the needle hit vinyl . click click click ... '' give I a ticket for a aeroplane ... be not get time to take a fast train ... " Rose stand motionless in the dead center of the room . stare up . it 's unclear why . after a moment , she exit frame ... and return with a chair . she seem to be building something . her movement carry we over to Emily , who have tie up mile in a chair across the room . she sit down across from he . look he in the eye . emily so what be this ? some sort of pervert hotel ? mile be in rough shape . his face pepper with buckshot and glass . he 's whimper . she slap he out of it . emily ( cont 'd ) hey -- c’mon -- ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 79 . 49 continued : 49 mile no ? yes ? I do not know . you shot I in the face . emily let 's be clear . I shot another man who have it comin’ . you be back there be creepy and catch a face of buckshot for you trouble . hold still . you get glass in you head . she look over he wound . brushes some of the larger chunks of glass away . mile how 's it look ? emily I honestly can not remember what you look like before this , but you should probably make peace with the fact that thing have change . mile be you gonna kill I ? emily ( think ) how can I not , after what you have see ? mile I see worse . and I be not saida thing . emily you have see worse than a man gettin’ sawn in half with a shotgun ? mile think about it . his haunt eye start to drift . mile I see all sort of bad . in the background , Rose continue to build she project . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 80 . continued : ( 2 ) 49 mile ( cont ’d ) I see a Senator beat up a whore so bad she have to shove she own stocking back where she tooth use to be , to keep from bleedin’ out through the mouth . I see ... I see a junkie paint '' sorry '' on the wall in he own filth , like that have make it easier when I clean all that shit off he cold body . ( think ) I see a man lay with a wolf once . guy drag a full grow , feral wolf on a choke - chain into he room . tye it up to the bed . then take off all he clothes , climb in bed beside it , and hold the thing all night . like , it be not sexual , but it be not not sexual , either . ( think ) guy just lay there cry . say '' help I '' while he hold that wolf . all night . ( then ) I never tell nobody ' bout none of that . emily ( Jesus Christ ) I be not so sure you shoulda tell I that now . a beat . and then we hear Rose 's footstep ring out as she begin to run ... climb up the furniture stack and leaping into the air ... Rose catch hold of the chandelier . she swing back and forth with glee , like a child at the playground . the light in the room swing back and forth , back and forth ... Emily stare at Rose . JI can not even deal with this shit right now . she light a cigarette . she and mile watch Rose swing back and forth for a beat . mile glance back at Emily . mile ( quietly ) you do not have to kill I . ( continued ) 49 50 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 81 . continued : ( 3 ) 49 mile ( cont ’d ) what could I even say about you anyway ? '' some girl shot a guy who be gonna shoot they ? '' I do not even know you name . rose I be Rose ! mile wince . so do Emily . emily do not tell he you -- rose Rose summerspr . ( then ) that 's my sister Emily . Emily 's eye fall . a hint of sadness now as she glance at mile . they share a look . as though they both know what this mean . Emily think . then she pick up she shotgun and walk over to the front desk . mile watch Rose swing . rose ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? mile mile . mile Miller . rose Nice to meet you , mile . close on the ledger . Emily rip the page free . she look at the name . thinks . emily where be the other ? int . room five - night 50 close on the metronome . a finger come into frame . start the pendulum rod . tick ... tick ... tick ... darlene sit in a chair in the middle of she room . we start creep towards she . ( continued ) 50 51 52 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 82 . continued : 50 tick ... tick ... tick ... she reach up , grab she hair . pull at it . it 's a wig . she toss it aside . she glance up at herself in the mirror . tick ... tick ... tick ... she begin to sing . darlene I need love , love , to ease my mind ... I need to find time , someone to call mine ... her voice be soft at first . timid . weak . darlene ( cont 'd ) my mama say ... CUT to : int . corridor - continuous 51 Emily walk through the dark corridor . she 's carry the shotgun . she walk past room four . stop at room five . see darlene sit in the middle of she room . hand in she lap . sing . Emily frown . flip the switch on the intercom . darlene ( in room ) '' -- no you just have to wait ... she say love do not come easy , it 's a game of give and take ... Emily watch . darlene take up most of the window . we may notice the bed behind she have be move slightly . darlene ( in room ) ( cont ’d ) you can not hurry love ... no you just have to wait . you get to trust , give it time ... no matter how long it take ... int . room five - continuous 52 in the room . darlene close she eye . Voice start to get stronger . ( continued ) 52 53 54 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 83 . continued : 52 darlene but _how many heartaches must I stand ? before I find a love to let I live again ... as she sing , camera start to drift ... behind darlene ... to floor space between the bed ... darlene ( cont 'd ) right now the only thing ... that keep I hang on ... ..- where dock be busy try to tear up the floor . darlene ( cont 'd ) .-- when I feel my strength , yeah be almost go ... I remember mama say ... it 's tough going . dock have to stay low between the bed . he 's get the carpet tear up , and he 's try to wedge the crowbar in between the board . darlene ( cont 'd ) you can not hurry love , no you just have to wait ... int . corridor - continuous 53 Emily step closer to the mirror . darlene she say love do not come easy , it 's a game of give and take ... int . room five - night 54 close on dock . sweat drip down he brow as he work . darlene how long must I wait ? how much more can I take ? dock 's Pov . down the canyon of the bed , he have a clear view of darlene in she chair . he watch she sing . darlene ( cont 'd ) before loneliness will cause my heart ... heart to break ? darlene clap she hand . stands up . lose herself in the music now . ( continued ) 54 55 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 84 . continued : 54 darlene ( cont 'd ) no I can not bear to live my life alone ... she clap in time to the beat . dock grab he hammer . darlene ( cont 'd ) I grow impatient for a love to call my own ... she lock eye with dock for a moment while she dance . darlene ( cont 'd ) but when I feel that I , I can not go on ... she clap . dock strike he hammer at the exact same time . darlene ( cont 'd ) this precious word keep I hang on ... she clap . dock strike . darlene ( cont 'd ) I remember mama say ... you can not hurry love ... you just have to wait ... int . corridor - continuous 55 close on emily . darlene she say love do not come easy , it 's a game of give and take ... in the corridor , the clap and darlene 's voice cover any sound of dock work . but Emily keep watch . darlene ( cont 'd ) you can not hurry love ... no , you just have to wait ... she say trust , give it time ... no matter how long it take ... ( then ) now break ... tick ... tick ... tick ... 56 57 58 59 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 85 . int . room five - continuous 56 song break . the room go entirely silent . just the sound of that metronome . tick ... tick ... tick ... darlene sway . she catch a glimpse of dock between the bed . crowbar under the board . ready to pry . frozen. watch darlene . darlene square herself to the mirror . tick ... tick ... tick ... darlene no , love , love ... do not come easy ... she walk towards the mirror . we follow . darlene ( cont 'd ) but I keep on wait ... anticipate ... she 's belting it out now . her voice full of power . she walk right up close to the mirror ... look herself in the eye ... int . corridor - continuous 57 it look like Emily and darlene be stand nose - to- nose . darlene for that soft voice ... to talk to I at night ... for some tender arm ... to hold I tight ... int . room five - continuous 58 and darlene scream : darlene i_keep wait ... int . corridor - continuous 59 Emily jump back . startle . but darlene keep sway . darlene I keep on wait ... ( continued ) 59 60 61 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 86 . continued : 59 she clap . it almost look like she 's have fun . darlene ( cont 'd ) but it be not easy ... int . room five - continuous 60 close on dock . as he pries up the board under cover of darlene 's sing . darlene it be not easy . but mama say ... the board clear . there . down in the dirt . the red bag . darlene ( cont 'd ) you can not hurry love ... no you just have to wait ... darlene sway back into dock 's view . darlene ( cont 'd ) she say to trust , give it time ... they lock eye . it 's there . darlene 's eye dance . darlene ( cont 'd ) no matter how long it take . int . corridor - night 61 Emily turn away . darlene you can not hurry love ... no -- click . Emily shut off the intercom . the world go eerily silent once again . Emily walk through the hall . stop at room four . it 's empty . she stare at it . thinks . 62 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 87 . int . lounge - night 62 '' I think we be alone now '' by Tommy James & the shondell play on the jukebox . the chandelier be now on the ground , smashed . Rose seem unfaze . she pull a log out of the fireplace and use it to light the brazier around the room . mile Rose ? that 's you name , right ? please , Rose ... please do not kill I . Rose stand motionless in the center of the room . rose it be not entirely up to I . flashback to : malibu mansion - night same frame . Rose stand over what look like a dead body . back to : lounge - continuous mile you can talk to she . she 's you sister ? she will listen to you . rose it 's not up to she , either . mile who 's it up to ? off rose , match CUT to : malibu mansion - night close on rose . as she stare down at the body , we see the shadow of a man in the window behind she . back to : lounge - continuous Rose do not respond to mile . she turn to light another brazier . ( continued ) 62 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 88 . continued : 62 Emily enter . deep in think . she set the shotgun down on the front desk . she drum she finger on the desk . something about this be not right ... emily where 's the priest ? she look across the room . mile shift uncomfortably . emily ( cont 'd ) mile ? mile I do not know . Emily move towards he . emily but you know something , do not you ? she reach into she pocket . pull out mile 's heroin . slap it on the table . emily ( cont 'd ) this be yours ? mile nod . emily ( cont 'd ) you want it ? mile stare at the heroin . nod . emily ( cont 'd ) where 's the priest ? mile i_do not know . I promise . I want to find he , too . please . tear start to well up in he eye . mile ( cont ’d ) please . I x11 do whatever you want . just let I talk to the priest when you find he . ( then ) just let I talk to he before you kill I . in the background , Rose pirouettes on the border . ( continued ) 62 63 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 89 . continued : ( 2 ) 62 rose I be try to tell he , we might not have to kill he . but it 's not up to we . Emily 's face fall . wait . what ? emily who 's it up to ? a chill run down she spine as she look to she sister . emily ( cont 'd ) rosie ... what do you do ? in the darkness behind Emily , the shadow move ... ext . room five - night 63 darlene and dock slip out of room five . darlene hold the gun , dock hold the bag . they keep they eye lock on the lobby as they creep towards the parking lot . they give each other a look . we do it . darlene motion for dock to wait . she creep forward , stare at the front window of the lobby . it 's dark . why 's it so dark ? she wait as the sound of thunder crash around they . we can feel darlene 's heart pound . something be wrong ... but , if we be gonna move , we better move now . darlene turn to dock ... let 's go ... and_a_man have a knife at dock 's throat . darlene 's eye go wide with shock . she start to raise the gun ... a hand whip out of the shadow behind she , grab she arm , put a knife to darlene 's throat ... it all happen fast in the flash tempest of the storm . '' twelve - thirty '' by the mama & the papas start to play . I use to live in New York City ... everything there be dark and dirty ... a man approach . he 's walk towards they though the deluge . as the lightning flash , we catch glimpsis of this man : he 's young . late-twenty , if we have have to guess . he 's wear a white shirt , open all the way to he navel . ( continued ) 63 64 65 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 90 . continued : 63 he 's barefoot . his foot step through the parking lot with rhythm , as though he can hear music nobody else can . darlene and dock lock eye . stare at this approach figure . outside my window , there 's a steeple ... the man stop as he near . lift he face to the rain . bathes in the storm as though it be a warm shower . with a clock that always read twelve-thirty ... the man smile . the music swell to crescendo . man in the rain howdy . CUT to black . title : billy Lee the four-part harmony sing : '' Young girl be come to the canyon ... '' ext . topanga canyon - day 64 we be look straight down on a field of yellow wildflower . a nude man run through the field , cut the frame . '' and in the morning I can see they walk ... " we finally get a good look at he face . this be billy lee . as he walk through the field of wildflower , we can see a group of mostly - naked follower behind he . we may see Rose back there . billy Lee lead they through the yellow . feel the sun . billy lee ( pre - lap ) how long you lookin’ to stay with we ? ext . wood - dusk 65 billy stare at Emily . it 's just the two of they . they be both clothed . they walk through the dense oak and eucalyptus tree . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 91 . 65 continued : 65 Emily shift under he gaze . emily I will be here as long as my sister be , I suppose . billy lee you do not get to be part of the family just ' cause you be kin . why do you want to be here ? emily rosie say you treat she good . I ' ppreciate that . they come upon a large , gnarled oak . billy Lee size it up , start climb it . Emily watch . billy lee that 's the second time you bring up you sister when I be askin’ ' bout you . do not worry about rosie . rosie 's right where she need to be . ( climb ) you comin’ up ? Emily stay right where she be . emily I be fine . billy Lee leap from bough to branch to bough with relative ease . clearly at home up in the treetop . billy lee do not get I wrong . I know what you have do for you sister . she have still be in that house in Alabama without you . so thank you . sincerely . for sendin’ she we way . emily ( bristle ) rosie ... she tell you about where we come from ? billy lee sure . not that I particularly care . you know who else have a rough past , Emily ? fuckin 's everyone . ( continued ) 65 66 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 92 . continued : ( 2 ) 65 he climb higher and higher . billy lee ( cont 'd ) this tree do not care about you past . this canyon do not care about you past . you want to be someone else ? he rip free a handful of leave , toss they down towards Emily with flourish . billy lee ( cont 'd ) poof ! the leave flutter all around Emily . billy lee ( cont 'd ) you be someone else . the leave settle . billy Lee look down at Emily with that eye . billy lee ( cont 'd ) or maybe you be still you . ( shrug ) I do not know . we will see , I guess . Emily stare up at billy Lee . he break gaze first . smile . billy lee ( cont 'd ) you sure you be not come up ? close on billy lee . as he stare out from the bough . leave frame he face . billy lee ( cont 'd ) you can see the whole world from up here . match CUT to : ext . bonfire - night 66 same framing . close on billy lee . the bonfire flame frame he face : billy lee what do God mean to you ? he stare at the assemble crowd of he follower : all young . nobody over thirty . everybody half -clothed . free . they drape over one another in the firelight . ( continued ) 66 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 93 . continued : 66 billy lee ( cont 'd ) be he some be in the sky ? do you pray to him at night ? do you ask him to watch over you ? there 's Emily . watch from the edge . billy Lee start to drift towards she . billy lee ( cont 'd ) be he here with we now ? ( then ) would you know God if he be stand right in front of you ? he lock eye with Emily . billy lee ( cont 'd ) or maybe ... maybe there be no god. ( mock whisper ) maybe it 's all lie . he turn he attention back to the crowd . warm again . billy lee ( cont 'd ) I honestly do not know the answer . part of I think that if I just keep talk ' till the drug kick in , you all will think I be insightful . be it work ? give it a second . everyone laugh . they be all enrapture by he . billy lee ( cont 'd ) I be not say I get it all figure out . but . I do see the game . they define right and wrong and then make you choose . that 's how it all start . with a simple choice . which side be you on ? up / down . good / evil . right/wrong . God ... or no God . it 's simple . just pick . ( to Rose ) boot . Quick . choose . be you good or be you bad ? rose I be neither . billy lee she 's cheating . she know what answer I be look for . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 94 . 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 billy lee ( cont 'd ) I be give a whole speech here , rosie . in front of people . do not mess this up for I . ( crowd laugh ) they 'il get you to pick . you get older , the world change . sooner or later , you will need something . and they 's 1l get you to pick a side . you will not even know what happen . watch . I / x11 do it right now . ( lock eye with Emily ) I all do it right now with my star pupil . he smile . turn to Rose . billy lee ( cont 'd ) boot , why do not you come up here and help I out ? he choose another girl . billy lee ( cont 'd ) and millie , why do not you join we , too . we be gonna have a tussle tonight . the crowd cheer , excited . billy lee ( cont 'd ) be a while since we have have a tussle , right ? oh , but rosie do not want to tussle , right ? she 's smart enough to know not to play the game , right ? but this be how I get she . I dangle something she really want . you two be gonna have a proper tussle tonight . and the winner ... well , the winner get to sleep in the big house with I tonight . how have that be ? and from the look on both Rose and millie 's face , it 's clear this be quite a honor . billy lee ( cont 'd ) see ? now we get skin in the game , as they say . ( then ) what do you think , boot ? want to play ? ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 95 . continued : ( 3 ) 66 rose ( quietly ) yes. billy lee so pick a side . do want to be right or do you want to be wrong ? rose I will be right . billy lee then millie will be wrong . let 's have ourselves a allegory . the girl nod . they size each other up and down . billy circle the crowd . position himself so he 's between the girl and Emily . billy lee ( cont 'd ) you girl make sure you stop when I tell you to stop . not like last time , millie , you hear I . ( then ) all right , then . have at it . the girl charge each other . it happen fast . they slam into each other and crash into the ground . it 's surprisingly violent . Emily step forward to help she sister . but billy Lee step right in she way . billy lee ( cont 'd ) easy , Emily . she 's a big girl . she can take care of herself . Emily 's eye dart to she sister . on the ground : Rose belt millie in the face . millie claw at Rose . the crowd roar approval . bily lee ( back to crowd ) now . here 's the important part . while they be fight , what be I do ? Cause I sure as hell be not fight . what be I do ? I be watch they . gettin 's off on it . and then , while they be distract , I be come over here . I be take what 's theirs . ( continued ) 66 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 96 . continued : ( 4 ) 66 he go over to where Rose be sit . grab she bag . pull out she cigarettes , stuff they in he pocket . billy lee I be the one already sleep in the big house , and I be robbing they blind . this be all mine now . and they do not even notice , ' cause they be too busy play my game . on the ground . Rose spit blood as millie crack she . Emily step forward , but billy Lee flash she a look that say do not you fuck dare . Rose let out a primal scream and head - butt millie in the face . millie go momentarily limp . Rose roll on top of she . whack . punch she right in the face . whack . Hit she again . billy lee ( cont 'd ) all right . but Rose do not stop . billy lee ( cont 'd ) all right , rosie . shit . he pull Rose off millie . gesture to one of he lieutenant , WADE , to help up millie . billy lee ( cont 'd ) you do good . tussle 's over . now love each other . the crowd cheer . people slap congratulation to Rose and millie . Rose give millie a hug . millie look daze . beaten . ashame . Rose wipe she lip . she have blood on she face . billy lee ( cont 'd ) what be we do out here , anyway ? we just a bunch of kid do drug and fuck each other in the wood ? ( think about it ) that do not sound so bad , actually , now that I say it out loud . ( everyone laugh ) ( continued ) 66 67 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 97 . continued : ( 5 ) 66 billy lee ( cont 'd ) shit , maybe we do have it figure out after all . everyone laugh , cheer . billy Lee let the crowd settle . billy Lee cup Rose 's face . kiss she lip . tastes she blood . look to the crowd . billy lee ( cont 'd ) maybe we will not play they game no more . ( then ) maybe we will not listen to they lie . ( then ) maybe the only truth in this world be here ... he place he hand on he own chest . he put he hand on the woman next to he . and the man next to she . go down the line . billy lee ( cont 'd ) and here ... and here ... and right here . the crowd cheer . he circle back to Rose and hold she . he lock eye with Emily across the fire . billy lee ( cont 'd ) maybe . for tonight . we get to be we own god . the crowd erupt into cheer . Emily hold he gaze . match CUT to : int . lounge - night 67 Emily stare forward as Wade cinch rope tight around she . next to she , annabell , a wiry woman in she twenty , be cinching rope around a panicked mile . mile ( look to dock ) bless I Father for I have sin -- ( continued ) 67 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 98 . continued : 67 roman and flicker , two man in they twenty , be now busy cinching rope around both dock and darlene . across the room , in California , billy Lee be on the couch hold Rose in he arm . billy lee kid , if you do not shut up , I be gonna tie you mouth shut . mile Father , please -- billy Lee look to annabell . do it . she take the bandana from she neck and tie it around mile 's mouth . billy Lee kiss Rose . smooth she hair . pick up the red bag . and the film can . as he cross , we get a better look at the room : dock , darlene , Emily , and mile be all now tie in chair near a roulette table in nevada . billy Lee take the red bag and dump all the cash on the roulette table . he stare at dock and darlene . toss the film can on the table as well . darlene look at the film can . look at dock . what be that ? dock say nothing . billy Lee stare at they . thinks . he grab the ledger page . billy lee so I be guess you be Father Flynn , which make the dead guy in seven laramie seymour Sullivan . and you be darlene sweet , right ? though I suppose you could be fuck you , but something tell I that 's my Emily here . any other people in this hotel ? the four of they trade glance . eye look to mile . he shake he head . no. billy lee ( cont 'd ) ( read name tag ) mile . I be gonna have my friend search this hotel . they find any other soul , you die bad . understand ? mile nod . ( continued ) 67 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 99 . continued : ( 2 ) 67 billy lee ( cont 'd ) any other people here ? mile shake he head . billy study he . thinks . billy lee ( cont 'd ) annabell , Wade . you two be on sentry . stand behind this four . they try to get out of that seat , shoot ‘em in the back of the head . they do as instruct . Wade have a rifle . annabell pick up Emily 's shotgun . billy lee ( cont 'd ) flicker , Roman -- go get that body out of room seven . find he car key , stick the body and all he stuff in the trunk . after that , go room to room . find anybody , bring ‘em here . in fact , you find anything of interest , you bring it here . flicker define '' of interest . '' billy lee '' oh wow oh wow , billy Lee should see this . '' flicker and Roman nod . head towards the door . as they go : flicker ( be : the four ) and they ? billy lee I do not know . but I have leave some room in that trunk . ding . flicker and Roman leave . billy Lee cross to the bar . pour himself a drink . cross back into nevada . sit down at the table . billy lee ( cont 'd ) hiya , em . she stare at he . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 100 . 67 continued : ( 3 ) 67 emily billy Lee . billy lee you leave without sayin’ goodbye . she do not respond . billy lee ( cont 'd ) do you think I would not take offense ? emily naw , I figure you would . ( then ) but I have be ready when you do . billy lee you do not look ready . emily you catch I on a bad night . billy Lee almost laugh at that . billy lee ai not that the luck . ( then , quietly ) you tell they what she do ? Emily shake she head . no. rose what would I do ? ( remember ) oh. right . ( then ) I be sorry ' bout all that . billy lee that 's okay , boot . we will deal with that when we get back to California . ( look around ) we get we a nevada problem now . billy Lee take a drink . thinks . look to mile . billy lee ( cont 'd ) so what be this -- some sort of pervert hotel ? the four sit in silence . mile look at a loss . what ? ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 101 . 67 continued : ( 4 ) 67 dock the kid can not answer you . you tie he mouth shut . billy lee why do not I ask you , then ? why do not I ask the priest walk out of the hotel with a bag full of money ? dock all right . ( then ) yes . I think it 's some sort of pervert hotel . ( then ) kid tell I he film people do ... what not , then send the film off to he boss . billy lee who be he boss ? dock ( shrug ) people who own the hotel ? I do not know . do it really matter ? billy Lee study mile . shrug . I guess it do not . billy lee and he just offer this up to you ? dock I think he be try to confess . I think it 's be weigh on he . ( look at mile ) I think he 's try to confess right now . because he know how this be gonna go . and he fear for he soul . tear well up in mile 's eye . he nod . that 's right . billy Lee roll he eye . pat mile on the face . billy lee if you be so worried about you soul , kid , maybe you should not be do all this bad shit in the first place , huh ? ( continued ) 67 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 102 . continued : ( 5 ) 67 he open the film can . unspool the 16 mm film . hold it up to the light to get a better look . squint . he jump in surprise . Holy shit . billy lee ( cont 'd ) be that who I think it be ? mile nod . rose who ? I want to see . billy Lee toss Rose the film . Studies dock . billy lee now what 's a man of God like yourself do with that in you coat ? Rose hold the film up to the light . rose it 's just people fuck . ( then ) wait ... I know he . ( then ) he 's dead . billy lee ( nod ) that he be , Rose . that he be . billy Lee drum he finger on he face . look to darlene . billy lee ( cont 'd ) where 's the money come from ? dock it 's -- billy lee i_ai not ask you right now , Father . ( then ) where 's the money come from ? hold on darlene . as she stare at this child around she . then. defiant : darlene it 's mine . ( continued ) 67 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft continued : ( 6 ) billy lee ( laugh ) it 's yours . ( all right then ) so where 's a girl like you get all this money from ? darlene I earn it . sing . billy lee ( okay ) you must be one hell of a singer , then . darlene I be . she hold he gaze . 103 . 67 after a moment , billy Lee look away . he turn he attention back to dock . billy lee where 's the money come from ? dock she 's tell you the truth . that 's she money . she earn it sing . billy lee and you be a man of the cloth . dock I be . billy lee I forget to mention ... billy Lee finish he drink . leans in close to stare at he with that eye . billy lee ( cont 'd ) i_hate priest . ( then ) you want to change you story ? dock do not flinch . stare right back . dock nope . ( continued ) 67 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 104 . continued : ( 7 ) 67 hold for a moment . this two man stare each other down . then . billy Lee smile . billy lee alrighty then . he hop up . billy lee ( cont 'd ) boot , why do not you find we something to listen to on that there jukebox . it 's too quiet in here . give I the willy . he grab dock 's change from where it fall on the floor earlier . toss Rose a quarter . she pick a song . '' hush '' by deep purple start play . Rose and billy Lee sway a bit to the bass line . hold on dock and darlene as the music play around they . darlene tense . dock listen . dock who 's this ? darlene look at he . realize he 's serious . darlene it 's ... deep purple . I think . but , it be originally someone else . billy Joe Royal , maybe ? dock listen . frown . shake he head . dock it 's not for I . billy Lee cross back over to the table . we may notice he have the revolver tuck into the front of he jeans . billy lee ( to dock and darlene ) I want you two to pay real close attention to what happen next . ( more ) ( continued ) 67 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 105 . continued : ( 8 ) 67 billy lee ( cont 'd ) and keep it right up there in the front of you mind when I ask you question look for truthful answer . he sit down at the end of the table close to Emily and mile . he stare right at Emily . billy lee ( cont 'd ) Emily . ( then ) pick a color . Red or black . across the room , Rose look up from the film . Emily stare at billy Lee . then she shake she head . billy lee ( cont 'd ) well that 's not hardly nice . I be offer you a chance here on account of the fact that we be practically family . that 's downright charitable of I , consider . ( then ) boot , you hear what you sister 's do ? Rose look at Emily with sad eye . rose Emily ... if billy Lee 's offer you a chance ... you should take it . billy Lee smile . nod . lock that eye on Emily . billy lee ( lean in ) do you really think you could take what 's mine and I would not come a- huntin’ ? emily she be not yours . billy lee ( oh yeah ? ) rosie ? be you mine ? Rose smile . rose of course ! ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 106 . 67 continued : ( 9 ) 67 billy Lee shrug . there you go . he pour himself another drink . billy lee we use to raise goat out on the farm . boer goat , ' cause you can breed ‘em year round . buck be ready to go once they be about seven week old . Seven week ! ( look to Wade ) can you imagine ? think of something that happen to you seven week ago . if you be a baby then , you have be fuck now . ( then ) ' Cause you be male , I mean . the do take about eight month ' fore they be much use . and you learn . when you get a litter , you learn to separate the female before that buck come ruttin’ . ' Cause once that do go into heat ... they 's 1l kill each other . I see it over and over . they 's 1ll bash each other head until they brain spill out in the dirt . happens with mother - — daughter , too . something about the blood , I guess . but it be not like the sister . ( then ) ai not nothing as violent as sister . he finish he drink . emily ( quietly ) none of that be true . billy Lee look at she . I be sorry ? emily ( cont 'd ) there be not no violence ' till you . billy lee maybe . maybe not . but it 's there now , though , be not it ? ( then ) pick a color , em . I be not askin’ again . hold on emily . as she study this man . as she look to she sister . as she see she sister nod . do it , em .. ( continued ) 67 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 107 . continued : ( 10 ) 67 Emily 's shoulder fall . then . emily Red . billy Lee look mildly surprised . good . he give annabell a look . she step in closer behind the four . billy lee well then I guess that make you black , alter boy . and billy Lee spin the roulette ball . everyone tense as they realize what 's happen . the ball whip around the wheel . Wade and annabell lean in with they gun . they eye say stay in you fuck seat . mile cough beneath he gag . billy Lee take pity on he . billy lee ( cont 'd ) you get some prayer , you can say ‘em now . billy Lee pull down mile 's gag . mile forgive I Father for I have sin , please -- I do so much worse than you know -- billy Lee start laugh . mile ( cont ’d ) Father Flynn , please , I have sin and I repent -- dock stare at mile . genuine sadness on he face . he shake he head . dock kid ... clack . the ball slow in its revolution , let out a sharp crack as it bounce in the tray . mile Father Flynn -- billy lee do you want to tell he or you want I to do it ? ( continued ) 67 68 69 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 108. continued : ( 11 ) 67 clack . mile i_ have sinned and I repent -- dock mile ... billy lee he 's not a fuck priest , kid . close on mile . as billy Lee 's word land . as he see dock , finally , for who he really be . and he realize he 's go to Hell . clack . the ball come to a stop in the tray . Red . billy lee ( cont 'd ) well , it look like the Lord have not forsaken you yet . billy Lee pull he revolver . and shoot Emily right in the chest . bang bang bang . she pitch straight backwards . knock over mile . she crash to the floor . we be close on her as she hit the ground . on impact , we -- match CUT to : int . summerspring house - night 68 young emily scream out as she sister be rip out from under the bed beside she . match CUT to : int . lounge - night 69 Emily 's eye look up to she sister . billy Lee step in beside Rose . billy lee I give she a fair shake , Rose . ( continued ) 69 70 71 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 109 . continued : 69 close on rose , as she nod -- match CUT to : int . summerspring house - night 70 young rose , in she father 's arm , stare back at she sister as she 's carry away . her father hold she close . match CUT to : int . lounge - night 71 billy Lee hold Rose . Emily 's eye go dim . on mile . on the ground , rock back and forth . crying . hand still bound in front of he . stare at Emily 's dead body . billy lee now then . who want to play next ? darlene and dock tense in they seat . billy lee ( cont 'd ) ah ah -- Wade , annabell -- keep a close eye there . everyone 's liable to get more squirrelly now that they know the stake . ( to dock ) she will cut you in half with that shotgun . billy Lee sit down across from dock and darlene . grab the roulette ball . toss it back and forth in he hand . billy lee ( cont 'd ) you two gonna be more forthcoming ? dock think about it . nod . dock sure. ( then ) could I have some of that whiskey ? billy lee ( study he ) why not . ( then ) boot ! get the padre here a glass . ( continued ) 71 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 110 . continued : 71 she do . as she cross back to the table , she eye linger on the body of she dead sister . mile whimper on the ground . he 's mutter something to himself as he rock back and forth . billy lee ( cont 'd ) kid , you do not shut the fuck up , I be gonna make you play again . mile quiet down . Rose put the glass on the table . billy Lee pour dock a drink . dock 's hand be tie behind he back . he do not know what to do . Rose look at billy Lee . you want I to untie he ? billy lee ( cont 'd ) no . his hand stay tie . billy Lee pick up the drink . hold it to dock 's lip . dock drink . billy lee ( cont 'd ) where 's the money from ? dock I steal it from a bank about a decade ago . I hide it here , but get myself catch by the cop . do some time . get out a few day ago . come back tonight to retrieve it . and he say it real matter - of - fact . so much so , it take billy Lee a second to absorb it . then he laugh . billy lee tonight . dock nod . billy lee ( cont 'd ) why you dress up like a priest ? on mile . watch dock across the room . dock I do not want too many question . people tend to look the other way when you be wear a collar . billy Lee nod . satisfied . look to darlene . billy lee and you ? ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 111 . 71 continued : ( 2 ) 71 darlene shift a bit in she seat . darlene I be just a singer . the money happen to be hide in my room . he say he would split it with I if I help he get it back . billy lee ' course he do . ' Cause that be not even the real score , be it , padre ? no , ' cause you find this . billy Lee pick up the film . bring it back to the table . billy lee ( cont 'd ) ( to darlene ) I bet he do not tell you about this , do he ? do not you even want to see who 's on it ? darlene no . I do not . it do not matter . billy lee ( laugh ) darlin’ , then you be not understandin’ what 's on this -- darlene stop . stop talk . ( then ) I do not need to look at the film . let I guess : it 's some man who talk a lot . he talk so much he think he believe in something . but really ... he just want to fuck who he want to fuck . ( then ) I have see that enough . I be not even angry about it anymore . I be just tired . I be just bored . of man like you . you think I do not see you for what you be ? a fragile little man . prey on the weak and the lose . he start to speak , but she cut he off -- darlene ( cont 'd ) I have hear it . I do not care . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 71 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 112 . continued : ( 3 ) 71 darlene ( cont 'd ) I would rather sit here and listen to the rain . billy Lee 's eye flash . darlene do not blink . the whole room seem to hold its breath . we hear the rain outside . it seem to be get louder . then . billy Lee break darlene 's gaze . the violence in he eye vanish as quickly as it appear . he throw a patronize shrug darlene 's way -- billy lee you go right ahead . and turn he attention back to dock . billy lee ( cont 'd ) why do not you just leave when you have the film ? that 's worth way more than some bag of money . dock consider . dock I do time for that money . my brother die for that money . that money 's mine . darlene that money 's ours . dock that money 's ours . rose why 's that filmstrip worth so much anyway ? that guy 's dead . who care ? billy lee well , boot ... sometimes , the memory of a man matter more than the man himself . ai not that right , padre ? dock if you say so . billy Lee drum he finger . thinks . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 113. continued : ( 4 ) 71 billy lee who 's gonna come look for this money ? dock nobody . billy lee somebody 's always look for money . dock they be all go . ' cept I . billy lee and who be you again ? let 's say I want to check this story out ... who be I look for ? what 's you real name , father ? dock ( nod ) it 's ... and dock 's face go blank . dock ( cont 'd ) ( search ) it 's , um ... dock almost laugh at the absurdity . he can not remember he own name . but then we see real fear in he eye , just like we see in the prison . just like we see when we first meet he , stand in the parking lot . he can not remember . he look to mile . dock ( cont 'd ) ( hang on ) it 's ... billy Lee roll he eye . dock look to darlene . almost plead . dock ( cont 'd ) do I tell you my real name ? darlene look at dock with sympathetic eye . ( continued ) 71 72 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 114 . continued : ( 5 ) 71 darlene you never do . billy lee really ? now you want to start play game again ? darlene he can not remember . his mind -- it be not all there no more . billy lee that 's what he tell you . darlene he do . billy lee and you believe anything this old crook say . darlene I believe that much . yeah . billy Lee stare at both of they . fed up with all of this . billy lee well then . let 's see if we can not jog he memory . ( then ) darlene . pick a color . boom . right then , a violent clap of thunder shake the hotel . and_all the power go out in the room . 72 everyone jump in surprise . dock and darlene realize , too late , they miss a chance . but annabell and Wade still have gun train at they head . billy Lee hold up he hand . take it easy , take it easy ... everything quiet . the jukebox silent . billy Lee start laugh . billy lee oof . that 's right unsettle . the only light come from the firepit around the room . ( continued ) bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 115 . 72 continued : 72 billy lee ( cont 'd ) ( shiver ) it 's quiet again . rose I do not like it . billy lee no , I do not like it either . ( think ) ai not you suppose to be a singer ? why do not you sing something for we , then , darlene ? darlene 's eye go cold . she stare at billy Lee . after a moment , she shake she head . billy Lee billy Lee darlene no thank you . smile . billy lee tell you what . you sing something for we . and if you be as good as you say , I will not make you play the game . dock do not do it . ( then ) he 's gonna do what he 's gonna do . but he do not deserve to hear you sing . darlene no . he do not . stare at both of they . unable to mask he anger at dock 's word . billy Lee billy Lee billy lee suit you fuckin’ selve . spin the roulette ball . darlene wait . catch the roulette ball . everything go silent . everyone stare at darlene . ( continued ) 72 73 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 116 . continued : ( 2 ) 72 hold on darlene . as she look at this people around she . this felon , this criminal , this child . all of they . she close she eye . darlene ( cont 'd ) oh ... my love ... her body relax . as though she 's no longer here in this dead - end border hotel . her word come out quiet , never weak . darlene ( cont 'd ) my darling , I have ... hungered for you touch ... everyone dead still as she sing . the firelight casting orange flicker shadow on they face as they watch . darlene ( cont 'd ) a long , lonely time . her voice grow louder . darlene ( cont 'd ) and time ... go by , so slowly .... and time , can do so much ... ( belting it out now ) be you , still -- billy lee I have hear better . he spin the roulette ball . dock 's eye go blood simple . 73 wham ! dock explode out of he seat , shatter he chair . he slam he forehead right into billy Lee 's face . blood splatter as billy Lee 's nose shatter -- billy Lee and dock topple backwards -- and a bunch of thing happen all at once : -- dock and billy Lee crash right into one of the firepit , send fire and ember and flame log everywhere . -- annabell , surprised by the violence , fire her shotgun . boom ! the sound rip through the room , the buck shot cut through the air where dock just be , blast flame and shredd furniture . -- darlene , move on terror and instinct , kick herself backwards , away from the table . the table flip -- ( continued ) 73 74 75 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 117 . continued : 73 -- everyone hit the ground in a mess of cash , chip , whiskey , and glass . dock land right on top of billy Lee . billy Lee 's gun go skitter across the floor . and stop right between darlene and mile . annabell raise she shotgun again . pull the trigger . but Rose grab the barrel at the last second . rose will ! boom . the shot cut the room . blow another brazier into a fireball . rose ( cont 'd ) you will hit billy Lee ! dock and billy Lee tear into each other on the ground . 74 violent and feral -- two man desperately try to kill each other . billy Lee bashes dock -- dock grab a flaming log -- wham ! he bashes billy Lee in the face again and again -- ash and flame spread -- Rose scream . she dive at dock . tackles he off of billy Lee . annabell and Wade can not get clean shot . flame leap throughout the lobby , burn the rug , the couch , the wall . on the ground : darlene look at the gun . just foot from she .75 but she hand be tie behind she back . she look mile in the eye . he can grab it . darlene mile -- but mile be terrify . no longer fully with we anymore . rocking back and forth on the ground . crying . we start to hear what he 's be mutter this entire time : mile I can not I swore to God I can not kill no more people -- darlene mile , help US -- mile i_ca not kill no more people . ( continued ) 75 76 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 118 . continued : 75 and darlene finally realize what he 's say . wait . what ? her word come out almost as a reflex : darlene h-how many people have you kill , mile ? close on mile as he think about it . mile one-hundred and twenty - three . CUT to black . title : maintenance closet ext . miller farm - day 76 same framing . eight -year - old mile miller raise a rifle . he take he time , site the rifle ... crack . whump . wide to reveal mile be stand on he family farm . they be have some sort of family gather . Brothers and sister , aunt and uncle all eat food , drink moonshine , have a day . but everyone 's watch mile . crack . whump . this little eight - year- old boy be shoot sparrow out of the air while they be in flight with a rifle . mile 's auntie RUTH stand next to he momma , ginger . auntie RUTH Ho my heaven , Ginger ! look what you boy can do . if you be not careful , you be gonna have a army sniper in the family . ginger over my dead body . daddy have roll in he grave if I let mile join the Army . no sir ... ( continued ) 76 77 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 119 . continued : 76 on mile . firing he rifle . we can see Ruth and Ginger in the background . ginger ( cont 'd ) that boy be a Marine if there ever be one . match CUT to : ext . khe sahn - night 77 same framing . mile , now grow , fire he sniper rifle as fast as he can as the cacophony of war ring out all around he . two soldier stand in the frame where auntie Ruth and Ginger stand . they look up at the sound of -- soldier incoming ! boom . the soldier be obliterate . mile be blast down the hill . the blood of he company all over he . we're in khe sanh , January , 1968 . one of the bloodiest battle of the entire war . all around we : bullet fly , artillery explode , man scream . sergeant renfro race forward . yank mile to he foot . sergeant renfro Miller ! why the fuck have you stop shoot ! ? mile 's head be ringing . he 's clearly in shock . terrify . as he stare at the war around he -- mile I can not -- I can not do it no more -- sergeant renfro get back on you fuck post ! we do not hold this line , we all die ! ( then ) miller ! mile shake he head . he 's go . clearly in shock . renfro stare at he . genuine compassion in he eye . sergeant renfro ( cont ’d ) mile . ( then ) mile . I do not want to die here . I do not want to die here on this hill tonight . ( more ) ( continued ) 77 78 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 120 . continued : 77 sergeant renfro ( cont ’d ) ( then ) I want to go home . mile stare at renfro . hear he . sergeant renfro ( cont ’d ) do you want to go home ? mile stare at the violence all around he . he nod . sergeant renfro ( cont ’d ) good . sergeant renfro thrust the rifle back in mile 's hand . sergeant renfro ( cont ’d ) now shoot every fuck thing that move . mile nod . he raise he rifle once again . crack . whump . crack . whump . angle in on mile . crack . whump . settle close on he eye . crack . whump . match CUT to : ext . khe sanh - day 78 same framing . mile 's eye SNAP OPEN . he gasp for air . as though awaken from a horrible nightmare . widen . it 's three day later . mile be half - bury in the jungle . a mess of ruin bunker and debris all around he . it 's day now . it 's clear . it 's quiet . mile pull himself from he shallow grave . he step out of the clear . his face blank . deep in shock . the walk dead . he face do not react to what he 's see . we angle around to reveal : the aftermath of the bloody Battle of khe sanh . Dead body everywhere . hundred ... no ... thousand ... North vietnamese and U.S. solder , all around . all half - bury in the sordid muck of Vietnam . ( continued ) 78 79 80 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 121 . continued : 78 mile walk through the carnage . his hand start shaking . he drop to he knee . he begin to pray . int . lounge - night 79 same framing . on mile . shake he head . near-catatonic . mile I can not do it ... I swore to God ... I can not kill no more people ... I can not ... on darlene . watch mile . and , yes , there 's no real way she can know what he 's do , but she can see enough in he face . she can see he 's in agony . she can see he 's lose . her face soften . genuine compassion in she voice . darlene it 's all right , mile . you do not have to kill no more people . that word seem to get through to mile . darlene close she eye . darlene ( cont 'd ) I do not want to die . please do not let I die here , Lord . mile look at she . across the room : Wade crack dock across the back of the head80 with the rifle . dock go limp . billy Lee skitter free . Wade and annabell pummel dock . around they : smoke and fire fill the room . billy Lee struggle to he foot . his nose destroy . his face cover in blood . fury in he eye . billy Lee grab annabell 's shotgun from the floor . find loose shell . reloads it . billy lee get he up . Wade and annabell yank dock to he foot . ( continued ) 80 81 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 122 . continued : 80 dock 's face be beat up pretty good . but he 's alert . his eye still register when billy Lee take the shotgun and stick it right up under dock 's chin . billy lee ( cont 'd ) see if you can not remember this . click . billy Lee freeze as he hear the unmistakable sound of a revolver be cocked behind he . everyone turn . to find mile . on he foot . point the gun right at billy Lee . billy Lee hold he hand up . calm down ... billy lee ( cont 'd ) take it easy , alter - bo -- crack . mile shoot billy Lee right between the eye . Rose let out a horrific , primal scream . rose noooo0o00 ! Wade swing he rifle , annabell reach for billy Lee 's shotgun ... crack crack . two shot . on the move . mile drill they both right between the eye . whump whump . Rose cradle billy Lee 's body in she arm . scream . rose ( cont 'd ) no billy lee no ! mile keep move . we see the soldier now . he check the load on the revolver . one bullet leave . he grab the hunt knife off the floor . hand dock the revolver . keeps move . mile kick Wade 's rifle up to himself . catch it ina smooth motion . dive towards the front window . crash ! he break the front window with the butt of he rifle . ext . parking lot - night 81 remember flicker and Roman ? they have just finish load dwight 's body into the trunk when they hear the commotion . ( continued ) 81 82 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 123 . continued : 81 and now they be freeze in the parking lot . crouched behind car . holding they gun . they peek they head up , try to get a sightline to the front window . try to figure out what the hell 's go on in that lobby . flicker and Roman lock eye . ready to move . flicker peek over the car . crack . flicker 's head explode . Roman jump in surprise . crack . Roman take it right between the eye . whump . whump . two down . int lounge - night 82 dock cut darlene free , help to she foot . she rub she wrist . they look towards -- rose . scream and cry on the ground . rocking billy Lee 's dead body in she arm . rose no no no no no ... do not leave I , billy Lee , do not leave I ... mile listen to she cry . the soldier fall away . the innocent boy return . he drop he rifle . walk over to she . put he hand on she shoulder . mile I be sorry . I be so sorry . Rose 's eye narrow . she pull the knife out of billy Lee 's belt . shrack . she cut mile 's stomach open . mile pitch backwards . whump . his body land right on the border between California and nevada . darlene no -- bang . dock shoot Rose in the chest with the revolver . she slump dead . still entangle in California with billy Lee . 83 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 124 . on the ground . mile gasp . look at he hand . blood 83 everywhere . oh god . darlene race to he . hold this terrify boy . mile no no no no -- I can not die . I do not want to die ... not yet -- darlene look at mile wound . see how bad it be . look to dock for help . dock 's 's freeze . flame start to burn all around he . mile ( cont ’d ) no no Lord please no I can not die not like this -- darlene help he . dock step across the line into nevada . kneel down next to they . see the bad news for himself . there 's nothing to be do ... dock I can not . mile please God I do not want to die not yet -- darlene grab dock 's shoulder . look he in the eye . darlene help he . close on dock . as he realize what she 's say . as clarity wash over he . dock ( quietly ) confess . he take mile in he arm . dock ( cont 'd ) my son . confess . mile stare up at dock. confused . dying . he shake he head . blood cough from he lip . ( continued ) 83 bad Times at the El Royale continued : on mile . over he . dock hold on dock . mile final shoot draft 125 . 83 you be not ... you be not a ... dock mile Miller . my name be Father Daniel Flynn . and I be here to absolve you of you sin . as he stare at dock . mile a calm start to wash bless I , Father , for I have sin ... he . nods. continue . mile ( cont ’d ) I have sin , I have sin more time than I can count . I have kill , I have kill so many people ... in war , here , I know it be wrong they tell I to do it and I know it be wrong and I do it anyway ... I be so sorry , Father ... dock it 's all right . mile it 's not . I do so much bad . I lie . I steal . I hurt people . I kill people . I do it all even though I know it be wrong ... I be so sorry , Father ... stare at this terrify boy in he arm . dock do you seek absolution for you sin ? mile ido . yes . dock do you give yourself to the mercy of the Lord ? mile yes . ( continued ) 83 84 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 126 . continued : ( 2 ) 83 dock will you give to him the time you have leave ? mile I be too late . dock it be never too late , my son . mile yes . I will try . I will try to be better . I will try to be a better man . ( then ) I repent . Father Flynn , I repent . ( cough blood ) Lord , I be sorry . I be so sorry . dock take he hand , place it on mile 's chest . hold he gaze . shh . dock you be forgiven . mile begin to relax as soon as he hear that word . dock ( cont 'd ) mile Miller . in the name of the Father , the Son , and the Holy Spirit ... you be forgiven . mile nod . his eye drift to the middle distance . at peace , finally . he die in dock 's arm . a moment . dock and darlene share a look . dock lay mile 's body down gently to the ground . darlene close he eye . dock and darlene stand . 84 they look around . the flame be now crawl the wall . smoke billow through the room . they glance at each other . a silent agreement . they spring to action . they both scoop up what cash they can . they stuff it into the red bag . time to go . as they be leave , dock see the film can . ( continued ) 84 85 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 127 . continued : 84 he pick it up . thinks . hand it to darlene . she stare at it for a moment . then she throw it into the fire . whump . we be close on the film reel as it burn and twist and smoke in the heat . somebody toss the ledger page on top of it as well . we see the name , underlit by the flame : laramie seymour Sullivan ... fuck you ... darlene sweet ... Father Daniel Flynn ... dock and darlene head for the door . hold on the paper . the name burst into flame . wide on the room . as flame devour the El Royale , dock open the nevada door for darlene . we see the first ray of dawn on the horizon . ring-ring . CUT to black . title : reno 85 over black , we hear the sound of a not-so-bustling keno parlor . people talk , slot machine ringing ... we hear the voice of milton wyrick , we emcee for the evening ... milton ( 0.s. ) folk , I feel like we have get a genuine humdinger jackpot in here tonight , I really do ... title : humdinger Lounge milton ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) last time I feel this way , we give away a brand new , candy - apple red Chrysler De soto to a lovely couple from St. Paul , Minnesota . title : 6 p.m. shift ( continued ) 85 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 128 . continued : 85 milton ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Bill and Elaine ... mcintyre , I want to say . good people . could be you . here we go ... title : Wednesday int . humdinger lounge - night we be following a man as he walk through the humdinger Lounge , reno 's sixth - best combination dinner lounge and keno parlor . we hear the sound of the emcee call to we from another room : milton ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) Seven , nine , sixteen , thirty - one , forty - two , forty - seven , sixty - three , seventy - six , and ... eighty . the man make he way through the smoke- fill row of people play slot . he 's head towards the back lounge , where a group of musician be set up on a small corner stage . the man stop at the threshold . he rub he hand on he pants . as though he 's not quite sure what to do . he look for a seat in the lounge . ( there be plenty available . ) milton ( onstage ) ( cont 'd ) if you hit , come see the cashier so we can get you down before the next draw . the man sit down . we see he face . it 's dock . milton ( cont 'd ) now , we have get a special treat for you tonight . come to you all the way from beautiful Los Angeles , California . you have hear she sing on record with artist such as the crystal , martha reeves , the marvelettes , Wilson pickett , and the miracles . lady and gentleman , let 's give a warm , reno welcome to ... darlene sweet ! ( continued ) 85 bad Times at the El Royale final shoot draft 129 . continued : ( 2 ) 85 darlene step on stage to a scatter of applause . we may notice she have a brand new dress . she nod hello to she band for the evening . hi boy . she look to the audience . darlene thank y’all for come out to listen to I tonight . a moment . as she stand in the light . grateful for she life . darlene ( cont 'd ) it mean the world . she see dock . sitting alone in the back of the room . she almost seem surprised to see he . it 's you . he nod hello . she smile . hello , dock . then. back to business . two , three , four ... darlene grab the microphone . CUT to black . the end over credit : darlene sweet and she backup band level the 6 p.m . Wednesday crowd at the humdinger Lounge with a absolutely blister cover of Sam & Dave 's '' hold on , I be come . '' do not you ever be sad ... lean on I , when time be bad ... just hold on . I be come .