November 12 , 2014 bad boy 3 previous draft by Peter Craig current draft by David guggenheim fade in : ext . burrel prison - night Stone wall . gun tower . razor wire . a formidable hellhole . super : burrel prison - albania a kawasaki ninja 300 fly up to the prison gate . two guard watch as a silky figure climb off the bike and remove she helmet to reveal a gorgeous head of red hair . dialogue in italic be in albanian with english subtitles : gate guard you lose you way ? girl no , I be right where I need to be . she unzip she jacket . be she gonna flash they ? but then she pull out two envelope . confused , the guard open they up . they be fill with american dollar . girl ( cont 'd ) aleksander luga . inmate 2-1-9 - 5 . I want he free . the guard trade look . go to hand the money back . gate guard get the fuck out of here . girl just know ... we give you the easy way out . twin precision shot rip through the guard forehead . in a flash : a extraction team emerge from the treeline . the girl pull control key from a guard 's pocket . step into a security shack . disarm security and open a side gate . wearing night vision goggle and carry geind sms - 65 submachine gun , the gunman enter the prison with military - precision , the entire charge see in night vision GREEN . int . burrel prison - isolation wing - cell - same a inmate be do push-up . with one arm . in a handstand . his body be lean . cover in tat . one for each kill . his head be shave . he be as dangerous as they come . he be aleksander luga . int . burrel prison - various - same the extraction team make they way through the prison . a gunman attaches a explosive to a lock . blows free the door . int . burrel prison - utility room - same a gunman cut wire to the electrical grid . int . burrel prison - cell block - same the light shut off -- leave guard vulnerable to the extraction team , wear night vision . they CUT they down . int . burrel prison - isolation wing - moment later the hallway door explode . team leader cross up to luga 's cell . attaches another charge to the door . it blow open . luga step out . instantly demand : luga give I a gun . the gunman hand he a Glock 30 . luga see two guard rush up and fire -- kill they both . ext . burrel prison - same a merlin helicopter shoot towards the prison . int . burrel prison - various - same the extraction team commence exfil . ext . burrel prison - same the helicopter touch down inside the wall . luga and the extraction team hop inside . it fly off . ext . plg shipping company - magic ( six hour behind ) a large building on the indian River in Florida . super : miami - florida int . plg shipping company - office - same bardha , a tough albanian , hand a cheap phone to he boss , albert hess , 50' , serious and intelligent . into the phone : hess put he on . int . merlin helicopter - intercutting luga take the phone from the lead team member . hess you know who this be ? luga I get you message . hess good -- then you know I only get you out for one reason . this be not a personal job . it 's business . you be to do what I hire you to do and nothing more . tell I you understand that . luga ... I understand . luga hang up . stare ahead . cold eye . hard . end intercut . hess ( to bardha ) I need to keep this dog on a short leash . make sure he 's bring to I the second he get off the boat . hess send the phone down a chute -- into a incinerator . resume helicopter : fly off -- as rap music blast . ext . atlantic ocean - night shoot over neon - light water , we pan up to frame the miami skyline , the sonic whoosh of a 6262 cc v12 engine as we go to : a gun -gray ferrari 599 thundering past Miami hot-spot . behind the wheel , dress like a gq cover model : mike lowery . a lamborghini huracan pull up beside he at a red light , two img model inside . img model # 1 sweet ride . she revs the engine . mike you two be not silly enough to want to race I . img model # 1 ... maybe . img model # 2 ..- depend how big you engine be . mike Big enough for two . what do you have under the hood ? img model # 1 catch we and you will find out . mike would if I could , but I get work . in 1l have to find you lady later . img model # 1 and how do you plan to do that ? Mike flash he badge . Girls smile . the light turn green . they zoom ahead . Mike mouth '' damn '' and roar forward . ext . aventura mall - parking lot - later a luxury shopping center . Mike 's Ferrari pull up and park . int . ferrari - same Mike check he hublot King power Black mamba watch . mike alright , it 's almost game time . daltrey , sanchez , you two set ? this to a hidden microphone in the lining of the car ceiling . int . cadillac escalade - same park a few car away from Mike . sitting inside be two next -— generation cop with miami - dade PD 's tactical narcotics team : scott daltrey ( Louisiana - transplant ; ex - Marine ; duck dynasty - beard ; the guy you want back you in a firefight ) and maria sanchez ( latina ; sexy ; teflon-tough ) . both cop be wire with mic near they throat so they can talk without hold up a radio . daltrey ready to rumble , hoss . resume mike : mike theroux , where be you at ? cam ( v.o. ) right behind you partner . wait , partner ? what happen to Marcus burnett ? Mike look in the rear-view at the sweet - look dodge Challenger srt8 behind he . the driver give a wave . int . dodge challenger - same meet Mike 's new partner : cam theroux , young and cocky . intercut all three car : cam Nice of you connection to pick this place to meet . I say after we bust the bad guy , we do a little shopping , a candle from wick N stick , maybe grab some cinnabon . daltrey , some new bandanas ? mike hey , you wanna do you job or you wanna fuck around ? cam get quiet quick . mike ( cont 'd ) now let 's go over it again : as soon as I agree to the buy , I give the call to theroux to show up with the green . once we get the glass in hand : daltrey , sanchez , you two come in hard and fast , back we up . no call , you be all statue unless I give the trouble signal . any question ? sanchez yeah . what 's the trouble signal ? mike '' oh shit , I be in trouble . '' now let 's get sharp . it 's prove yourself time . cam resent Mike 's condescending attitude . under he breath : cam prove yourself , my ass . ext . aventura mall - parking lot - moment later store be close . Mike and the tnt cop be still wait . resume daltrey and sanchez : daltrey c’mon , top 3 country song . go. sanchez they be all the same . if it 's not about cheating , it 's about drink . or screwing . daltrey and that 's different from what you listen to ? it 's all about kush , bitch and doe . sanchez sit up . spot a mousey white guy head toward Mike 's car . into she mic : sanchez lowery , head - up . Mike see the white guy approach . his connection . mike that 's he . get ready . cam zip open a gym bag on the passenger seat . a strayer voight infinity tiki handgun rest atop wrap stack of bill . he discretely pull out the gun . Mike get ready to step out of he Ferrari but the connection do not slow down . just keep walk up to Mike 's car -- -- and drop a pre - pay cell onto Mike 's lap . cam , daltrey and sanchez be all throw . Mike be suppose to meet he in the open . Mike see the connection vanish into the shadow of the parking lot , then pick up the phone . voice on phone we need to change location . mike what be you talkin’ about ? this be where we agree to meet . voice on phone not anymore . you want what we be sell , you come to we . Club apagén . be there in twenty minute . bring the cash to the VIP section . come alone . click . the call end . back into he mic : mike alright , change of plan . we be goin’ clubbing . meet 's at a place call apagén . sanchez instantly get on she phone and run a search . sanchez after hour joint in Little Havana . daltrey goddamn set-up . cam C ’mon Mike , you be not serious . that 's a invitation to a hit . you gotta call this off . mike not callin’ anything off . ( urgent ) sanchez , daltrey : beat we to the club . make sure you get eye and ear in place when the deal go down . daltrey and sanchez immediately drive away in the escalade . mike ( cont 'd ) theroux , you hold back out front with the money and do not release it until you get the call from I . you get it ? cam 's not happy -- but Mike 's the senior officer here . cam yeah , I get it . Mike drive off . cam shake he head . cam ( cont 'd ) goddammit lowery . and start up he ride . latin techno blast as we go to : int . club apagon - later a explosion of SOUND and laser light . lot of skin . Miami 's youngest and hottest dance around acrobatic salsa performer and bikini-clad conga dancer . ext . club apagon - same under the I - 95 overpass in Little Havana . the escalade park . int . cadillac escalade - same daltrey turn to see sanchez stripping in the passenger seat . daltrey what be you do ? sanchez same thing you should be . this be a club , not a waffle House . sanchez remove she jacket and shirt to reveal a lacy camisole . daltrey take off a outer - shirt , throw off he bandanna and mess up he hair . int . club apagon - moment later look club-hot , sanchez and daltrey step inside . play the role of boyfriend and girlfriend . hand all over each other . the two cop take up position so they have line of sight into the glass encased VIP area . daltrey ( into a hide mic ) all ready Mike , you be good to go . ext . club apagon - same Mike arrive , follow by cam , who watch Mike enter the club , still think he 's nut to do so . int . club apagon - moment later Mike cross underneath latin dancers gyrating in cage to the VIP section . five men await he , stand . a beefy security officer run a wand over Mike . he 's clean . daltrey and sanchez watch as Mike step inside the VIP area . but as soon as the glass door close behind he -- -- the glass turn frosted . sanchez and daltrey can not see in . sanchez shit . int . dodge challenger - same cam what ? daltrey we can not see inside . cam shift , uneasy . int . club apagon - VIP area - same suddenly -- gun appear , aimed at mike . the five man be member of a cruel and merciless home invasion crew that specialize in rip off drug buyer . lead gunman put you fuck hand up mother - fucker ! mike whoa , let 's dial this shit down . the lead gunman step forward , threaten : lead gunman where 's the fuck money !?! mike there be no fuck money . lead gunman call you boy and get we we money or we kill you ass ! a gunman press a Glock into he temple . int . dodge challenger - same hear this , cam grab the gym bag off the passenger seat , throw open he door and cross the parking lot to the club . int . club apagon - VIP section - same despite the gun aim at he , Mike keep cool . mike how about you all go fuck yourselves instead ? lead gunman what the fuck do you say to I , asshole ? mike the money be what 's keep I alive . you get that , then what ? no . we do this , we do it my way . ext . club apagon - same cam get intercept by the bouncer -- he gun bulge visible . bouncer Club 's full , homie . cam drop the bag , grab the bouncer 's hand and elbow , press they together , kick out he knee and slam he head against the wall . the bouncer 's out - cold . he pull out the bouncer 's radio headset and pocket he cell phone and gun . then pick back up the gym bag and move into the club . resume mike : mike now put you gun down , show I the glass and we can make this happen . 10 . int . club apagon - same sanchez and daltrey see cam go to the VIP area . sanchez where the fuck 's he go ? lowery have not give the signal yet . resume mike : mike if not , just shoot I now cause you be not gonna see dime one of that fuck money . cam slam he hand on the door outside . cam ( 0.s. ) hey , open up , I get you money ! Mike roll he eye . asshole . no choice -- Mike knock away the gun that 's press to he temple while quick - draw a second glock out of the gunman 's pants . he aim it at the leader as another crew member fire . Mike use he gunman as a human shield , trading bullet . the glass wall shatter ! instant pandemonium ! everyone in the club goe running ! cam draw the bouncer 's gun and start lay down cover fire . Mike escape the VIP section . two more gang member run from the main area of the club . but before they can shoot at Mike and cam -- bang ! bang ! bang ! daltrey and sanchez take they out . it 's a all out gun battle -- bullet shoot electrical equipment -- causing SPARKS and FIRE . water gushes out of the sprinkler . everyone get drenched . the lead gunman go for a exit . Mike charge after he . another shooter take aim , but before he can fire -- he head explode . reveal : cam -- have just take the kill shot . Mike get closer to the lead gunman -- who whip around , firing at Mike , who then slide across the wet floor , leg striking the lead gunman , who drop onto he back . Mike swing the gun right into he face . mike like I say : my way . 11 . ext . club apagon - later aftermath . Fire truck . cruiser . a Crown Victoria pull up . captain leo howard step out . survey the chaos and zeroe in on the man responsible : Mike , currently fight with cam . mike cam you disobey a direct order ! they be gonna kill you ! mike what you do be put the whole crew at risk ! as tension reach a fever pitch , Howard come walk up . captain howard yeah , yeah , this look about right for one of you thursdays . wait , can that be ? oh my God yes , the building 's still stand . you must be lose you touch , Mike . mike Captain , before you start in -- captain howard over here . Mike follow Howard away from cam and the other . mike look it 's not my fault that thing get out of hand this time . captain howard of course not . it be '' abm 's '' fault . anyone but Mike 's . you say this be gonna be a routine buy . mike which it would have be if theroux listen -- captain howard wait , someone do not listen to you ? I be sorry ' cause I have no idea what that 's like ! you know , ever since the '' bad boy '' break up , you be like my nephew without ritalin . you be not a one man army do everything the way you want . so I be tell you now : you better learn how to be part of a fuck team again . Howard walk away . off mike -- fuck that , music and go to : 12 . ext . miami - morning Sun break , casting morning ray over the city . int . burnett house - morning the front door fly open , let in a walk rack of dry - cleaning . a dog rush in and undercut the mess , trip the person in the center : marcus burnett . marcus oh shit ! theresa ( 0.s. ) baby , that you ? he fall , and the dog trample the clothes . theresa ( cont 'd ) do you remember the dry-clean ? marcus uh-huh ! ( to the dog ) go , scoot , away . past the open rumpus room door , a phone be ringing . int . burnett house - '' rumpus room '' - moment later which have be convert into a combination gym / home office . on the treadmill , jame burnett , 16 , have just answer the phone . quincy , 15 , read a man 's fitness magazine . jame hello , b.s. unlimite ! marcus ( enter ) James ! no , no , man . how many time do I have to tell you : it 's not b.s. unlimited . it 's '' burnett service unlimite . private investigator . '' jame I think b.s. make more sense . Marcus snatch the phone . clear he throat . marcus good morning . burnett service unlimite . he scramble for something to write on . quincy hand he a tear - out page from he magazine . it 's a ad for male botox . 13 . '' because you have only get one face . bro-tox . '' the tight face of a middle - age man peer back . Marcus leer at quincy . marcus ( cont 'd ) you be adopt . ( into the phone ) yes , mar ’am , I get thirty year of investigative experience . narcotics , murder one , kidnap , human trafficking . see it all . ( crestfallen ) oh , you husband come home late ? he begin write note onto the bro - tox ad . marcus ( cont ’d ) no mar ‘am , there be no sin too big or too small for Marcus burnett . int . burnett house - kitchen - moment later Marcus walk in on wife theresa hugging they 22 year - old daughter , megan . theresa ... jjjust make sure you break it to dad gently . marcus break what to dad gently ? megan turn to Marcus . smile . marcus ( cont 'd ) oh shit . theresa megan Marcus ! dad ! marcus I be sorry , baby . that be just a reflex . I be here now ... what be you gonna say ? megan I be -- marcus oh shit ! theresa Marcus ! marcus theresa , what do you want from I ? we little girl want to go off and marry that idiot , Clark . 14 . megan dad , I be not marrying Clark . marcus damn right you be not . megan I be have he baby . marcus oh hell no . theresa Marcus -- marcus theresa , excuse I , but no way . first off , Clark 's unemployed -- megan he 's not unemployed . he work at home . he do freelance . marcus you know who also do freelance at home ? hooker . and I would not want they to be my baby 's baby daddy either . megan ( storming past he ) you be unbelievable . marcus megan ! theresa good one , baby . Real slick . theresa follow she now-cry daughter . Marcus look down . he still have the bro - tox ad in he hand . marcus what be you look at ? a beat as the picture catch he gaze again . linger there . he do not break . wait , be Marcus consider '' bro -tox ? '' ext . mediterranean sea —- day a cargo ship trudge over choppy water , spew smoke . int . cargo ship - hold - same ship see-saw , luga shave he beard -- dry . look ina small mirror at he new face , still menace . 15 . int . mike 's penthouse apartment - morning pan across the ultimate bachelor pad , we pick up piece of clothes . shoes. pant . then a skirt . a bra . we hear a shower run as we land on Mike , asleep in bed . the phone ring , waking he . he pick it up , answer : mike lowery ... yeah , alright . i’1l be there in twenty . a arm drape over he . belong to img model # 1 from the open , a pair of handcuff dangle from she wrist . img model # 1 do not tell I you be leave I again . mike sorry , baby . duty call . img model # 2 ( 0.s. ) but we have not post bail yet . Mike look to the bathroom where img model # 2 have just emerge from the shower , naked and wet . but whereas before , Mike would mouth '' damn '' , now he look ... bored . have the bachelor life become too routine ? ext . miami - dade p.d. headquarters - day Mike 's Ferrari roar up . Parks . int . miami - dade p.d. headquarters - elevator - day Mike cross the lobby to the elevator . as the door shut -- voice hold the elevator . Mike stop the door from close to reveal lt . ellie garrison , strong - will and beautiful . even she conservative business suit can not diminish the luster she give off . ellie ( step inside ) sergeant . mike Lieutenant . ellie hit the button for 6 . Mike have already press 8 . ellie be the only woman in Miami who will not succumb to Mike 's charm -- but that have not stop he from try . 16 . mike ( cont 'd ) hear the brass want you to head up vice . congratulation . ellie thank you . mike sure Howard 's gonna miss have you as he # 2 . if you want I could help you celebrate . ellie I do not think so . mike you know one of this day you be gonna surprise I and say yes . ellie and one of this day you be gonna surprise I and say nothing . the elevator stop at ellie 's floor and she get out . Mike smile . like she . she 's a challenge . the door close and -- int . tnt division - moment later -- re-open on the 8th floor . Mike cross the busy bullpen to Howard 's close office . int . tnt division —- howard 's office - continuous mike ( knock as he enter ) hey Captain , they say you want to see I . captain howard Close the door . Mike see Howard be not alone . there 's someone else with he : FBI special agent dan kessler , 5us . Mike close the door . captain howard ( cont 'd ) Mike , this be agent Dan kessler with the FBI Miami field office . mike ( sit down ) so be this a good meeting or a bad meeting ? agent kessler aleksander luga escape from burrel prison in albania . 17 . Mike react . he know the name well . agent kessler ( cont ’d ) needless to say , he capture have become top priority for both the bureau and interpol . mike I be sure not everyone be be tell in person . captain howard Mike , the FBI have reason to believe luga 's on he way to Miami right now . mike to do what ? agent kessler to kill you . for a second that hang there -- but Mike be hardly rattle . mike that it ? bad guy try to kill I every day . agent kessler I would not be here if I do not think I be save you life . we have get intel that he people back in albania have be run search on you . they have you social security number , you home address ... mike luga 's not a fool . he 's not gonna come all this way , risk all the heat , just to kill I . agent kessler ( deadly serious ) that 's exactly what he will do . you and Marcus burnett kill he brother . the albanian call it '' krvna osveta '' . means he 's make a blood oath to get revenge against you both . his people have be do this for century . luga 's on a vendetta and he do not give a shit if Miami PD , FBI , interpol , the goddamn Marines , be after he . now for you own safety , you need to be put into protective custody immediately —- 18 . mike agent kessler ( cont 'd ) ( insulted ) -- while the FBI track down my safety ? and apprehend luga . mike if anyone be gonna apprehend he -- agent kessler ( cut he off ; condescending as hell ) it 's gonna be the FBI . we know all about how you operate , lowery . shoot first , can not ask a question ' cause the suspect 's now dead . now you be to stand down like a good boy -- insulted by '' boy '' , Mike stand up -- tower over kessler . mike Boy , who you call boy ? captain howard ( rise ; before thing get out of hand ) thank you , agent kessler . I appreciate you bring this to we attention . a beat , then kessler , stare back at Mike , turn to Howard , then leave . the second the door close behind he : mike can you believe that shit , Captain ? captain howard I absolutely do ... that 's why you be go into protective custody immediately . mike what ? you gotta be kid -- captain howard this guy break out of a maximum security prison . I be not take any chance . mike there 's no way I be sit on my ass alone in some Motel 6 while there 's a target on my back . captain howard first of all ... it 's a Red roof Inn and secondly , yes you be . now go pack yourself a bag . 19 . off mike -- hat this : ext . miami STREET - day a fleet of police cruiser roar past . ext . burnett house - day the cop car screech to a stop in front . miami - dade PD officer rush the house . knock until theresa answer . officer be you husband home , mar ’am ? theresa he 's at work . what 's this about ? the burnett kid file up behind they mom , curious . officer I need you and you family to come with we right now . theresa why , what 's happen ? officer everything 's fine . i’1ll explain on the way . we just need to make sure you and you family be safe . go to : a personalized licence plate . read '' str8 pmpn . '' we be now : ext . miami neighborhood - day a fire red camaro 228 be park across from a small house . int . camaro - same Marcus surveil the house of a client , mrs . wallace . through night -vision binoculars , Marcus glimpsis tom wallace in the kitchen , wash the dish . Marcus ready a parabolic mic , unfold a satellite dish . he slip in the earpiece to hear : mrs . wallace ( 0.s. ) oh , and can you remind I we need to get the dog 's dewclaw trim ? he turn down the volume . 20 . mrs . wallace ( cont 'd ) Jesus , Tom . why be you put that pan in the dishwasher ? be you try to strip the teflon ? Marcus grimace , mutter to himself . marcus do not let she punk you like that ! he see the wallace argue . Marcus just stare ahead , a faraway look in he eye . suddenly -- three black suburban with tinted window roar up to the camaro . cage he in . Marcus sit up . who be this guy ? off which : ext . red roof inn - magic outside Miami , beside a highway , across from a empty field . Sun set , cam 's Challenger drive up . int . red roof inn - hallway - moment later walk up with cam , Mike wrap up a call on he cell . mike Crawford . lowery . hit I back as soon as you get this . cam think Howard say no call . mike I be not gonna sit on my hand . I gotta find this guy before he find I . cam so this luga ... you and burnett kill he brother ? ( Mike nod ) and now he want to kill you . ( Mike say nothing ) happens a lot with you , do not it ? they round a corner . cam lead Mike to he room , explain : cam ( cont ’d ) alright , you be in room 124 . daltrey and sanchez have set up a surveillance room across the hall . Captain 's order : you be not to leave the room under any circumstance . you need something : food , toothbrush , q-tip , dial 125 . otherwise , try to relax . 21 . on '' relax '' , cam unlock room 124 and the door open into : int . red roof inn - room 124 - continuous where Mike be meet by marcus -- sit on the edge of the bed , flipping through channel in a pair of skinny jeans . mike what 's he do here ? marcus what be I doin’ here ? no one say anythin’ about you bein 's here . cam Captain 's order -- mike well , he can un - order it . cam luga want to kill the both of you . marcus which be why I need to get as far away from this man as possible ! mike you need to be away from I ? marcus you be like a magnet for all thing life- threaten . mike here we go . ( to cam ) call down to the desk and get I another room . cam can not do it . mike this be not gonna work . cam this be the only secure room in the hotel . we get it wire for sound and video . we do not have enough man to watch and protect two room , so what can I tell ya ? you be roommate . cam step out . Mike and Marcus lock eye . silence . 22 . int . red roof inn - room 125 ( tnt room ) - second later across the hall . daltrey and sanchez watch the Mike and Marcus reunion on a close circuit feed . daltrey pack a can of dip -- SNAP , SNAP , SNAP . cam enter . join they at the monitor . sanchez five buck say lowery swing first . resume mike and marcus : Mike notice the mess Marcus have already make in the tiny room : fast food wrapper on the floor ; use napkin on the desk ; clothes everywhere . mike Nice to see you have learn how to clean up after yourself . marcus do not start up with I . this be a bad situation for both of we . mike so why do not you -- Mike pause , fully register Marcus in he skin-tight skinny jeans for the first time . mike ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you wear ? marcus what ? this be my thread . mike look at you . you can barely move . marcus they fit just fine . mike they be paint on ! marcus you be just jealous cause you be not the coolest look -- mike how the hell be I suppose to take you seriously in that ? 23. marcus what do I care if you take I seriously or not . that 's the beauty of not have to work with you anymore . mike so why do not you just walk out ? not like you have not do that before . marcus oh so that 's how it 's gonna be , huh ? mike be not my call , remember ? marcus yeah , and I know how much that bother you . mike what 's that suppose to mean ? marcus it 's the Mike lowery show and we be all just guest star . mike be it possible for you to not talk out of you ass ? resume cam , daltrey and sanchez : daltrey my folk use to fight the exact same way . resume mike and marcus : get loud and tense . marcus I warn you not to screw around with this albanian ! you know what a blood oath mean to this mother - fucker ! mike so I should have just let luga and he family traffic coke , h and molly all throughout Central Florida ? 24 . marcus luga 's brother could have be take down a whole other way , but no . you have to go all Magnum Force on ‘em . resume cam , daltrey and sanchez : cam Magnum Force ? resume mike and marcus : mike you be a cop . that 's suppose to mean something . marcus I be a cop . but you be a fuck crazy cop . mike just admit it : you leave ' cause you be scared . marcus Hell yeah , I be scared ! and the fact that I be lock up here with you ' cause there 's some super villain tryin' to kill we prove I right ! int . red roof inn - hallway - same a figure walk up to Mike and Marcus 's room . int . red roof inn - room 125 ( tnt room ) - same see the body approach the door : sanchez head up , we get movement . resume mike and marcus : marcus you know what you need ? you need a life coach . ' Cause sooner or later you be gonna get yourself kill and I along with you ! mike if you hate I so much , why have it take you so long to quit ? marcus question I ask myself every single day . 25 . int . red roof inn - hallway - same the figure knock on Mike and Marcus 's door . figure Hotel secur -- Doors on either side of he swing open and several gun be levele out at the man -- who we now see be a red roof inn employee , scared shitless . red roof employee «.. so yeah , if you can keep it down ... or not ... whatever . ( back away have a nice night . '' hit the roof . '' he move down the hall as if there be a motor on he ass . a beat later , both room door be slam shut -- and Mike and Marcus show the other they back , tenser than ever . int . red roof inn - room 125 ( tnt room ) - same cam collapse back in he chair , exhaling : cam this be gonna be a long assignment . ext . red roof inn - night hour have pass . night have fall . resume mike and marcus : both in bed -- but only Mike be awake . can not sleep . you could not either -- if you hear how loudly Marcus be snoring . mike you gotta be kid I . ext . red roof inn - day blind sun . int . red roof inn - room 124 - same Mike play chess on he iPad . a cockroach skitter across the floor . Marcus see it . jump . marcus oh shit ! mike what ? 26 . marcus do you see that ? Mike look up . do not see the cockroach . a second cockroach then appear . bigger too . Marcus 's eye go wide . marcus ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! fuck I ! mike would you keep you voice down . marcus that 's a fuck armadillo ! the second cockroach catch up to the first . start eating it in front of Marcus . ( yes , they do that . ) marcus ( cont 'd ) Holy shit . it 's eatin’ the mother - fucka ! I gotta get the fuck out of here . mike we can not go anywhere . marcus not only do they put we together , we get the goddamn -- Marcus stop , overcome with a intense scratch fit . marcus ( cont 'd ) why the fuck be I itching ?!? what the hell be they doin’ to I in here !?! Mike shake he head . give I a break . off which : int . red roof inn - room 125 ( tnt room ) - later that day sanchez and daltrey be grow bored watch Mike and Marcus on the monitor . daltrey craziest place you have ever have sex . sanchez probably the bathroom . daltrey bathroom 's not so crazy . sanchez it be in a church . ( off daltrey 's look ) preacher 's daughter . 27 . cam come in with take - out . hand out lunch . cam what would I miss ? on the screen : Mike , on '' he side '' of the room , kick Marcus 's trash back onto '' Marcus 's side '' . mike ( on the screen ) would you please clean up after yourself ! Mike swing open the door to the bathroom . instantly recoil . mike ( on the screen ) ( cont 'd ) Jesus ! marcus ( on the screen ) yeah , that 's my bad . cam roll he eye . ext . miami dock - night in shadow , a Ford flex wait , three albanian gunmen in front . the leader , viktor , look at the cargo ship arrive . moment later , luga emerge from the ship . viktor welcome , Mr. luga . I be viktor . Mr. hess send we . we be to take -- luga give I you phone . viktor 's catch off guard by the request . luga just stare he down , eye clarify '' give I you fuck phone . '' viktor do not know what to do , but he know better than to piss someone like luga off . wisely hand it over . luga step away . pull a paper with a number on it . dial . but we stay with viktor and he man , watch luga . they trade look . what the hell be go on ? a beat later , luga return . now want something else . luga ( cont 'd ) give I a gun . viktor trade confuse glance with he man . viktor Mr. luga ...? 28 . luga I say give I a gun now . luga lock he eye into viktor again . no , he 's not fuck around . viktor be stick . he hand luga a Glock . but it 's not enough . luga ( cont 'd ) you have more ? ( half - nod from viktor ) get in the car . luga move past they , to the Ford flex . viktor turn back to he man , who shrug . who the hell be lead who here ? the trio hop into the car . it drive off , sky grumbling . ext . red roof inn - night a sheet of rain pour down . int . red roof inn - room 124 - night Mike and Marcus have now be share the same small space for over 24 hour and it show . both look frazzle . on edge . Mike 's phone buzze . mike lowery . Marcus look over , curious as Mike talk -- sotto : mike ( cont 'd ) yeah ... yeah , no , I hear you . well , get back to I if you do . he hang up . a beat -- then : marcus that about luga ? ( Mike say nothing ) you get any lead ? mike ... yeah . few . marcus ( in the silence ) any you wanna let I in on ...? mike sorry , that 's police business . but if someone lose a cat , I will get you they number . marcus I be not a pet detective , Mike . 29 . mike right . you be just a private dick . marcus at least I keep it private . everyone know you be a dick . Mike get up into Marcus 's face , tension escalating . mike you know after two day , I have have just about enough of you bullshit . marcus my bullshit ? mike that 's right , you bullshit . do not forget for one moment : out of the two of we , I be the only one who be still a cop , so I be order you to sit you ass down and shut up . int . red roof inn - room 125 ( tnt room ) - same cam ( watch this ) uh-oh . code red , code -re . resume mike and marcus : marcus after all this time , you still think you be the boss of I . mike I should do now what I should have do a year ago . marcus yeah , and what 's that Donald chump ? mike knock you flat on you ass . marcus ( roll up he sleeve ) take you best shot , lowery . a beat -- then they both lunge at each other ! resume tnt room : cam oh fuck ! resume mike and marcus : 30 . slamming into wall , thrashing about the room , crashing into the bathroom -- the shower -- shatter mirror -- both intense and funny at the same time -- like two brother wrestling -- taunting each other in between blow : mike marcus c’mon , mother - fucker , you that the best you get ? no fight like a bitch ! wonder you like shoot people -- ' cause you can not punch for shit ! finally the door burst OPEN . tnt rush in . pries they off . ext . red roof inn - later a sedan pull up . it 's Howard . he hurry inside . int . red roof inn - room 124 - moment later Howard step in . survey Mike and Marcus , separate and batter , clothes rip , tnt stand watch over they . captain howard what be this , ufc fight night ? mike Captain -- mike ( cont 'd ) captain howard this be not gonna work , cap 'o . this be not gonna work , cap 'o . captain howard ( cont ’d ) ha . do I know you or what ? ( to tnt ) kid . out . cam , daltrey and sanchez file out . when they be go : captain howard ( cont 'd ) Jesus . look at the two of you . be you guy bear asshole or do you have to audit a class ? marcus Captain , I appreciate you look out for we , but how long do you expect we to stay in this room together ? captain howard not a minute longer , Marcus . that 's why I be here . I be let you go . marcus you be ? 31 . captain howard no , idiot . there 's a psycho out there with a vendetta against you guy who will not stop until you be in a box ! off which , we begin a intercut with : ext . highway - night the Ford flex drive past , wheel kick up rainwater . resume howard : talk to Mike and Marcus , sounding like someone who 's no stranger to a couple therapy session . captain howard look , way I see it , you both have a legit beef with the other . ext . gas station - night a propane truck get re-fuele . the Ford flex stop behind it . the truck driver go back to he seat . luga blow a hole in he chest . pull he corpse onto the wet pavement . take he place behind the wheel . drive off . resume red roof inn : captain howard Mike , you take too many chance and sooner or later that way of live be gonna kill you or that you care about . resume propane truck : speed down the highway , the Ford flex follow . resume red roof inn : captain howard ( cont ’d ) and Marcus , a partner need to depend on you and you be not there for Mike when he need you most . int . ford flex - intercutting viktor and he man be scared shitless . viktor be on he phone , talk to bardha ( hess 's # 2 ) . viktor he 's out of he fuck mind ! intercut bardha : 32 . bardha I do not give a shit . he 's you responsibility . viktor you do not understand . he just take my gun and be lead we somewhere . bardha he take you gun or you give it to he ? viktor do not respond . bardha ( cont 'd ) just know : something happen to he , something will happen to you , understand !?! ( viktor do ) now get he and bring he here . resume red roof inn : captain howard but you get too many year together just to throw friendship away because neither of you have the ball to say sorry . ext . highway - intercutting the propane truck rocket forward . in the distance , we make out the Red roof Inn . resume red roof inn : captain howard so we be gonna put this bullshit to a stop . right here , right now , you be gonna apologize to each other . mike not gonna happen . marcus Hell no ! ext . red roof inn - same the propane truck hop a curb , speed the truck toward : int . red roof inn - lobby - second later employees and guest look up as headlight beam blast they . 33 . luga roar the propane truck straight through the front entrance , exploding glass , metal and wood . occupant dive as the truck barrel past and obliterate the front desk . int . red roof inn - room 124 - same Mike , Marcus and Howard react to the crash . captain howard what the hell be that ? resume lobby : luga hop out of the truck , step into a puddle of propane pouring out of rupture tank , fray electrical wire swinging like vine overhead , send up SPARKS . people scatter to escape the propane truck , now turn into a tick time bomb . int . red roof inn - various - same HOTEL worker get people to clear out the building fast . int . red roof inn - room 124 - same Mike draw he gun and look out the window . see nothing . marcus Mike -- ? the door swing open . cam , daltrey and sanchez rush in . cam we gotta move . ext . red roof inn - same guest rush out . luga go to the Ford flex . viktor and he man be still panic that he crash a truck into a hotel ! gunman # 1 ( to viktor ) what the fuck do we do ? luga pop open the trunk . gun inside . he grab a h&k machine gun . viktor get out of the car . viktor luga , get back in the car now . but luga be not listen , cock he gun trigger , order : luga get you fuck gun out ! 34 . luga step away from the car -- toward the hotel . viktor be at a loss . this maniac be gonna get himself kill ! int . red roof inn - hallway - same Mike , Marcus , Howard , and the tnt crew join the remain hotel employee head toward the exit where -- ext . red roof inn - same -- luga be wait to take they out , machine gun levele . int . red roof inn - hallway - same Mike , Marcus , Howard and the rest of the cop be about to reach the door -- lamb to the slaughter -- -- when Mike stop , see commotion outside , people scream when they see luga : '' he’s got a gun ! '' mike whoa , hold up , hold up ! marcus what ? but before Mike can say -- resume lobby : a spark from a down electrical cable strike the propane . boooooooooo0000m ! -- the propane truck explode in a massive eruption ! take out half the lobby . int . red roof inn - hallway - same ceil rain down . Mike , Marcus and the cop hit the floor , piece of wall crumbling around they . ext . red roof inn - same viktor look up from behind he car . see luga enter the hotel . shit ! he turn back to he man in the car : viktor get out here now ! int . red roof inn - hallway - same emergency light flicker . Mike , Marcus , Howard and the tnt cop be still on the floor , head spin , ear ringing . Mike lift he face up from the carpet , fight to re-focus , eye soon adjust to see : 35 . luga -- machine gun in hand . Mike 's jolted alert . mike everyone up ! luga take aim . but Mike get to he foot , shoot , cause luga to duck back . Marcus quickly jump up too . pull up Howard . cam , daltrey and sanchez follow . luga swing back around , spraying shot , but the cop quickly escape the corridor , bombing into nearby door -- Mike , Marcus and Howard in one that lead to a room ; cam , daltrey and sanchez in another that lead to a emergency exit . int . red roof inn - room - continuous Mike , Marcus and Howard collapse inside , Howard quickly shutting the door and get on he phone . captain howard 10 - 24 . shoot at the Red roof Inn , highway 87 . all patrol respond ! a barrage of gunfire take out the window ! Mike , Marcus and Howard drop as round whiz overhead . ext . red roof inn - same back luga up , viktor and he man unleash multiple round at the hotel . resume mike and marcus : marcus Mike , give I a gun ! mike I only get the one . marcus how the hell you pick this moment to only have one gun !?! Mike twist to the window . start fire out . marcus ( cont 'd ) we can not stay here , Mike ! but Mike keep fire , not listen as -- int . red roof inn - hallway - same -- luga appear outside the room . fire into the wall . 36 . resume mike and marcus : bullet shoot through the wall , Mike join Marcus and Howard racing to a rear door , lead to the adjoin room . Marcus barrel into the door , busting into the adjoin room as luga step inside , still shoot . int . red roof inn - adjoining room - same Marcus and Howard crash to the floor . Mike fire back out at luga , buy Marcus time to help Howard get to he foot . marcus c’mon Captain , you gotta get up . but Howard do not move -- Marcus soon realize that he clothes be stain with blood -- howard blood . he look down . Howard 's shot , bleed bad . Marcus look up at Mike , still trading shot with luga . marcus ( cont 'd ) Mike ! Mike turn back . see Howard -- try to talk , but can 't . ext . red roof inn - same cam kick down a back door , fire out at viktor and the gunman , daltrey and sanchez back he up , the three soon sprinting over to a park buick and ducking down behind it . resume mike : still fire shot at luga in the other room while Marcus cradle Howard , fade fast . luga whip back around to take aim at Mike , but he fire first -- bullet shatter luga 's weapon as he retreat back . mike Marcus , stay with he ! Mike charge after luga . Marcus take Howard 's hand . marcus it 's gonna be okay , Captain . you be gonna be alright . ext . red roof inn - same tnt continue to trade fire with the gunman . int . red roof inn - hallway - same Mike enter , gun first . no luga . but he see a nearby door be ajar . he rush up , kick the door . 37 . int . red roof inn - room - continuous Mike move inside . still no sign of luga -- but the window be OPEN . he rush over . look out . nothing . then : a reflection . Mike whip around to find luga charging he -- the two crashing into each other , flying out the window -- ext . red roof inn - same -- slamming hard to the ground . ext . highway - same Police cruiser roar toward the hotel , siren wail . ext . red roof inn - same cam , daltrey and sanchez fire back at the gunman , who jump back into they Ford flex , firing up the engine . int . red roof inn - hallway - same Marcus cradle Howard , slip ... ext . red roof inn - same Mike and luga trade vicious blow on the ground . luga reach behind he back . draw a six inch stiletto . he thrust it down -- but Mike grab he wrist . luga press down harder . Mike bite luga 's hand . kick he off . then -- headlight beam hit Mike . he look up to see the ford flex scream up . Mike quickly roll out of the way , the suv just miss he , screeching to a sudden stop , on its way to pick up luga . police cruiser appear in the distance , come up fast . the Ford flex door open , viktor scream at luga to : viktor get in the fucking car ! but luga refuse to go , a man possessed as he grab a gun from one of viktor 's man and hurry around to the other side of the suv -- firing at Mike , who dive behind a park car , luga keep he finger firmly press on the trigger , round rip open the fuel tank . Mike see the car be about to blow and he quickly run off as luga continue to shoot until -- -- boooom ! -- the car erupt . go airborne . Mike dive . 38 . the car come crashing down , stop short of crush Mike when it land atop another car hood , right beside he . luga -- click ! -- run out of bullet . cam , daltrey and sanchez run up , fire in he direction . luga turn . see the cruiser come . then whip around , search again for Mike -- but he can not see he through the rain , smoke and fire . fuck ! he miss he shot . he get back in the Ford flex . it peel away . cover in soot , Mike watch luga disappear . then as police cruiser pull up , everything start slowing down , SOUND dropping out , music taking over as we go to : int . red roof inn - adjoining room - later paramedics rush inside , over to Howard . ext . red roof inn - moment later Howard be load into the ambulance . Mike , Marcus and tnt watch and pray as the ambulance pull away . ext . highway - moment later the ambulance roar away , bubble light blurred by rain . int . hospital - various - later cop hold a vigil for Howard in the lobby . sanchez pray in the chapel . daltrey and cam comfort Howard 's family . Mike and Marcus be in one of the exam room , give blood , silent . int . hospital - operating room - same Howard go under the knife . he have vital sign , but they be very faint . do not know if he 'il live or die as we go to : ext . plg shipping company - night to establish . int . plg shipping company - office - same hess watch tv news coverage of the Red roof Inn shoot , livid , when bardha appear in the doorway . bardha he 's here . int . plg shipping company - MAIN floor - moment later hess and bardha find luga walk calmly inside . 39 . hess ( in albanian ; subtitle ) do you know what you do ? you be all over the fuck news ! luga say nothing . just let hess bluster . hess ( cont 'd ) every law enforcement agent in Florida be look for you now . luga you think I care about you police ? back home , they be the criminal . hess you be not home . we have a way of do thing here . and I be not gonna let you further jeopardize everything I have work toward -- luga you hide . you fear the police when they should fear you . hess ( not back down ) forager 's here in two day . you be not leave until then . luga see he 's surround by hess 's gunmen . trapped . he then turn back to hess . say nothing . just smile . it 's unnerve as hell . a chill run down hess 's spine but he do not let he anxiety show . moment later , a metal door slide OPEN . luga step inside , disappear down into the basement . albanian seal the door behind he , lock luga inside . bardha be you sure about he ? hess I be sure he 's essential . I be sure if he be not the only one who could do what need to be do , I have drow he in the river myself . ( turn to bardha ) the three you send to bring he here . .? bardha they do not show . luga come alone . viktor and they be probably run . scare for they life . 40 . hess they should be . find they -- and kill they . bardha nod . turn and leave . agent kessler ( v.o. ) what part of what I be tell you be you not clear about , lieutenant ? int . miami - dade p.d. headquarters - situation room - morning ellie square off against kessler , passionate and intense . also on hand : miami - dade p.d. brass , include inspector ROBERT luttrell of Internal affair . 40' . tough , but fair . agent kessler you and you officer be to stand down from this investigation immediately . ellie and what part of '' I do not give a shit '' be you not clear about , agent kessler ? that 's one of we own fight for he life ina hospital bed right now . no way FBI keep we out of this ! agent kessler do you even know who you be deal with ? before he be a enforcer with the albanian mafia , aleksander luga be in the special Operations battalion . one of the best train unit in Europe and part of the elite commando regiment . he 's also a experience pilot , highly skilled in hand - to-hand combat , knife training and light and heavy artillery readiness . responsible for at least 26 confirm assassination , so even if we allow Miami PD to go after he , you be not equip to do so . ellie ( not back down ) that be total bullshit ! int . miami - dade p.d. headquarters - hallway - same Mike move with purpose up the corridor . he 's still in last night 's blood -stain clothes . resume situation room : 41 . agent kessler ( soften ) look , Lieutenant , I be sorry about Captain Howard ... I be . but this be bigger than you know . luttrell why ? what be you talk about ? kessler pause . do not want to give up any detail , but he silence betray he . ellie luga do not just come here to kill lowery and burnett , do he ? agent kessler I can not tell you that . not until we can be sure there be no more leak . luttrell leak ? agent kessler luga find out where you be keep lowery and burnett . that do not come from we . what you should be focus on now be find another safe place for they to wait this out . ellie because that work so well the first time ? or be it cause you think set up one of ours as bait be a good way to flush out you fugitive ? agent kessler conspiracy theory aside , luga be a FBI matter -- which mean Miami PD will stand down . all evidence relate to last night be under we jurisdiction . luttrell agent kessler , with all due respect , the shoot at the Red roof Inn involved we officer , not yours . Miami PD Internal affair have a responsibility to investigate and every right to look at any evidence you have . kessler pause . he 's right . can not shut he out . 42 . agent kessler alright ... i’1l allow access only to Internal affair , but we cooperation end there , you understand ? luttrell nod . fine. int . miami - dade p.d. headquarters - hallway - second later Mike reach the situation room just as the door open and kessler move out past he . ellie see Mike and walk up . mike let I guess : stand down and shut up ? ellie I know how you feel , Mike . no one want to get this asshole more than I , but we have to let the fed take the lead . but Mike do not buy that , cut past she , leave . ellie ( cont 'd ) Mike ! int . miami - dade p.d. headquarters - hallway - moment later Mike move with purpose . down the hall from he be cam with the tnt team . he see Mike come . offer condolence . cam Mike , about Captain Howard , I just want to say -- but he never get it out , Mike blow by he . shut out , cam watch he partner disappear around a corner as we go to : ext . burnett house - day five Miami - dade PD car be park in front , keep watch . int . burnett house - same Police look on : burnett dump bag and suitcase , pack for a extend trip . Marcus coordinate from a balcony . marcus alright burnett , you be just here to take what you need and get out . you be leavin’ in ten minute . Jesus , megan , how many suitcase you plan on bringin’ ? you be just goin 's on a trip , you be not movin’ out . megan how do I know that ? no one 's tell I where we be go or for how long . marcus that 's ' cause you do not need to know . it 's not safe . I be tryin' to protect you . megan then let I bring all my clothes with I ! ext . burnett house - same Mike 's Ferrari roll up . he regards the house . be since he 's be here . a beat and he walk to the door . give a nod to the cop man the house . int . burnett house - same responding to Mike 's knock , theresa open the door . theresa ( surprised ) Mike . mike hey , theresa , great to see you . they hug . unlike she husband , theresa miss see theresa great to see you . even under the circumstance ... how 's Captain Howard ? mike hard to say . touch and go . theresa we be praying for he . Marcus 's kid see Mike . head over . thrill . jame / quincy hey , uncle Mike ! / yo , uncle Mike , what 's up ? 43 . a while uniform he . see they , Mike light up . he miss they . they slap hand . mike oh my God , you boy get huge ! megan , damn , you be a beauty . 44 , marcus ( 0.s. ) what be you doin 's here , Mike ? Mike look up to see Marcus , on the balcony above . theresa ( behave ) Marcus . megan uncle Mike , have my dad tell you the good news ? mike marcus what news ? megan , zip it ! megan ( as Marcus protest : ) I be pregnant ! Mike 's jaw drop . mike wow ! ( to Marcus ) hey ! ( to megan ) yes ! ( they hug ) congrat ! megan thank you ! marcus Mike . downstair . now. int . burnett house - '' rumpus room '' - moment later Marcus lead Mike downstairs . Mike look around the '' office . '' mike wow . the nerve center . marcus what be you doin 's here , Mike ? I think you want nothin’ to do with I . mike you still tight with coleman at the FBI Miami office ? marcus ...- he owe I a few favor . why ? 45 . mike fed be shutting Miami PD out of the luga investigation . I need access to the fed 's evidence file on the shoot last night . marcus so you come here to use I . mike regardless of what 's go on with you and I , I owe it to Howard to go after luga . not to mention that as long as he 's out there , neither one of we be safe . no matter how far you send you family away . Marcus consider he , then : marcus you do not have to convince I . I wanna find he just as badly as you do . int . burnett house - moment later Mike wait for Marcus to say he goodby . marcus alright , y’all say goodbye . daddy 's gotta go to work . the burnett flock in -- but quickly bypass they dad and go directly to Mike , hugging he with love . jame / quincy / megan bye , uncle Mike ! / we love you !/ please see we again ! Mike beam , hugging they back -- while Marcus steam . marcus yeah , keep on showin’ he the love . it 's not like uncle Mike 's the reason you - all goin’ into hidin’ . Marcus see theresa , come down the hall . he cross up to she . they hug . a private husband and wife moment . theresa I be scared , Marcus . marcus do not be , baby . this cop be gonna make sure nothing happen to you or the kid . everything 's gonna be alright . I swear . 46 . Mike watch the couple , close . we catch a flicker of regret on he face -- then Marcus walk out with he . ext . burnett house - continuous mike my car 's over here . marcus oh no , no , this be not like old time . I be not riding shotgun in Bruce Wayne 's car . we doin’ this , we be take my ride this time . Marcus lead Mike over to he red-hot camaro . mike whoa ... ( read the license plate ) straight pimpin’ . huh . they could not fit mid-life crisis on there ? Marcus dig into the pocket of he skinny jeans . mike ( cont 'd ) sure you can even get the key out ? marcus I can get the key out ! Marcus struggle . clearly he can not . Mike can not help but smile as Marcus , with some difficulty , finally get he hand out of he pocket , pull out he key -- along with he wallet and phone -- which go flying . marcus ( cont 'd ) not a word . mike no problem , grandpa . Marcus pause , steaming -- then pick up he stuff and get in the car without another word to Mike . the two drive off . ext . miami homestead speedway - day a blur of stock car zip around a race track . Marcus sit with coleman , a old friend and seasoned FBI agent . coleman the office already get a e-mail about this , warning everyone not to cooperate with Miami PD . 47 . marcus good thing I be not Miami PD anymore . coleman yeah , but you crazy - ass partner still be . marcus lowery be not my partner no more . this be for I and Captain Howard . coleman debate , then : coleman alright ... but this stay between we . we id have one of the shooter with luga from the hotel surveillance footage . his name 's viktor gojahki . he 's tie into the albanian mob , but he 's pissing in the wind . no one know where he be . and if we can not find he , good luck . ext . miami homestead speedway - parking lot - same Mike stand in front of the camaro . a group of hot-look speedway girl walk past . give Mike the eye . mike yup , I can make any car look good . Marcus cross up . marcus I get a name . Marcus get in the car as Mike 's phone buzze . mike lowery . ellie ( v.o. ) just want to make sure I make myself clear earlier . mike what , about not want to date I ? yeah , but I do not really take that too seriously . intercut : 48. int . miami - dade p.d. headquarters - ellie 's office - same ellie about luga . you be not go after he , correct ? mike absolutely not . ellie ' Cause you need to stay away from this case . cam 's with you , right ? mike of course . we be attach at the hip . I love that kid . ellie good . I want someone watch you back . after last night , you need to low . i’1l check in with you guy later . mike always love you check I out , Lt. ellie hang up . Mike know he have no choice but to call cam . mike ( cont 'd ) shit . int . miami - dade p.d. headquarters - gymnasium - day cam pound a punch bag , then answer he ringing phone . cam what 's up , Mike ? int . camaro - later Mike and Marcus ride in front , cam sit in the back . cam ( after a beat of silence ) so , Mike ... you gonna tell I where we be go or what ? mike I 'il tell you when we get there . cam I know you do not think so , but I can probably contribute to whatever it be you be not suppose to be do . ( more ) 49 , cam ( cont 'd ) ( off Mike 's silence , cam lean forward ) come on , I see you eye at hq and after you couple therapy session at the inn , there 's only one reason you would be share a car with burnett . you be go after luga and you be worried if ellie see I without my partner , she will stop you . Mike will not admit he 's right . Marcus be impressed . marcus gotta say , Mike , you boy 's quick . mike he 's not my boy . he 's a pain in the ass . cam hey Mike , just because I do not do thing exactly the way you do -- mike you do not know how to do thing , that 's the problem . marcus you know , I do not know what it be , but there 's something very familiar about this conversation . mike do not start in , Marcus . marcus cam , let I ask you something : have Mike ever cancel swat on you right before you be about to go in on a bust ? cam shit , yeah . he do it twice in the same month . marcus alright , what you gotta do next time be call ahead and let they know -- mike what be you , he mentor now ? marcus that 's right . Professor Marcus x. 50 . cam let I ask you something , Marcus . marcus shoot , my brother . cam when you guy be on a stakeout and you have to have something to eat -- marcus ( know exactly where this be go ) and he will not let you have food in he car . man , bullshit to that ! cam and Marcus laugh . Mike do not . cam man , you be alright , Marcus . marcus thanks , cam . I think you be cool too . mike that definitely mean a lot froma grow ass man in skinny jeans . before Marcus can strike back : cam yeah , I be gonna ask , what be up with that pants anyway ? they help with posture or ...? marcus what the fuck , you be start in on I , too !?! cam I be sorry , but Mike do have a point . marcus I do not believe this shit . mike yeah , it 's tough when you think someone 's get you back and then they do not . cam Mike , come on , that be not fair -- 51 . mike shut up , cam . marcus yeah , shut up , cam . cam sit back , give up . cam man , you guy deserve each other . ext . LIBERTY CITY - day a violent Miami neighborhood . the camaro drive through . int . camaro - day mike okay . accord to payton in gang intel , gojahki 's mother life there . # 11 . ext . LIBERTY CITY STREET - second later the camaro stop across the street from the # 11 house . int . camaro - same peer out the window at viktor 's mom 's house : cam you sure this be gonna work ? mike this albanian be nothing if not tight with they family . Marcus , you get any surveillance equipment ? marcus I be a pi , Mike . what do you think ? ext . LIBERTY CITY STREET - moment later the trunk pop open . Inside : various audio and visual surveillance equipment -- along with personal defense weapon , include a taser gun . Marcus grab a phone hack device call a gypsy wire while cam pick up a camcorder . press play . his jaw drop when -- a very shaky sex tape between Marcus and theresa play . theresa ( on the tape ) come on , Marcus , forget the camera . marcus ( on the tape ) trust I baby , we be gonna love have this when we be older . 52 . husband and wife go at it as Marcus 's eye light up . Mike look over the screen . mike dude , two word '' tri-pod '' marcus give it back ! cam I think I see the tri-pod . Red , Marcus grab the camera from cam . shut it off . mike just say the word and I can give you a few pointer . Marcus toss the camera back into the trunk . replace it with a pair of spike climbing shoe . mike ( cont 'd ) who be you , Paul bunyon ? marcus how else do you think I be gettin’ up on that pole ? Marcus slip on the shoe : cam so you call up the mom , tell she that she son 's be shot . she try call viktor , but Marcus cut the line before the call be place . marcus Mom have no choice but to see if he 's alive for herself . she get in she car -- mike and take we right to he . Marcus rise . grab the gypsy wire . put he '' game face '' on . marcus okay . let 's do this . Marcus shut the trunk and walk off toward the telephone pole , spike digging into the pavement with each step . 53 . int . viktor 's mom 's house - moment later a albanian soap play on a tv with rabbit ear . mrs . gojahki adjust she recliner . she 's old and mean as fuck . in the window behind she , we can just make out -- ext . LIBERTY CITY STREET - same -- Marcus struggle to climb the telephone pole . int . camaro - same same seat as before : Mike , up front . cam in the back . cam you really hate have a partner do not you , Mike ? Mike say nothing . cam ( cont 'd ) Marcus , I . if it be up to you , you would just do everything yourself . mike occasionally I need someone to get I coffee . cam you read my jacket before we be partner up . you know what I can do . what I bring to the game . mike yeah . headache . Problem with you be you have no idea what it take to be a real cop . you get no field experience . cam I think the only reason you give I no respect be because I remind you of you -- only you be a step slower and I be the up and comer . mike please , if you remind I of I , I would kick my own ass . now shut up . you may learn something . ext . LIBERTY CITY STREET - same sweat pouring , Marcus reach the phone box . he pop it open and connect the gypsy wire , tapping into the mom 's line . 54 . int . camaro - same mike ++. cool . and you be sure she just have the land line , right ? no cell phone . ( beat ) thanks , Lisa . I owe you one . he hang up . dial a new number . int . viktor 's mom 's house - intercutting a old - school rotary phone ring . viktor 's mom grimace and answer the call . with a thick european accent : mrs . gojahki yes . mike this be viktor gojahki 's mom ? mrs . gojahki who this ? mike I be the guy who just shot you son ! he 's dead . Mike hang up . cam look at he , shameful . cam this be just mean , man . mike mean , but it work . Mrs. gojahki hang up , concerned . be it true ? she immediately pick back up the phone . dial a new number . resume marcus : hearing she dial a new number , but before she can get connect to anyone , he cut the call . resume mrs gojahki : mrs . gojahki ( hearing nothing on the other end ) hello ?... hello ? nothing . she hang up . thinks . then step out of frame . resume marcus : climb down the wooden pole . get a splinter along the way . 55 . marcus ahh fuck ! ( then another ) shit. ( and a third for good measure ) mother-fucka ! he jump the last few foot and hit the ground , swallow a yell . then steel himself and get back in the camaro . viktor 's mom exit she house , get into she own car and drive down off . Marcus follow in pursuit . the plan work . ext . miami STREET - magic Sun set , viktor 's mom 's car pass , follow by Marcus . ext . miami marine stadium - virginia key - magic built in 1963 , the concrete amphitheatre overlook a man - make basin and the Miami skyline be condemn in 1992 . it stand now , completely paint over in graffiti . viktor 's mom pull up to the street to the stadium . resume camaro : mike alright , she 's slow down . viktor must be hide out in the stadium . get in front of she . we will cut she off . Marcus , get to she door . Marcus hit the gas . cut in front of the mom 's car . she stop short . Mike , Marcus and cam explode out of the camaro . Marcus be the first to reach the mom -- go up to she door . marcus ma ’‘am , I need you step -- but that 's all he get out . viktor 's mom put a stun gun to he hand . shock he with 50,000 volt . Marcus convulse . crash . Mike and cam rush over . viktor 's mom bomb out of the car , swinging she purse in Mike 's face over and over , kick the crap out of he . mike do something ! cam I have no field experience , remember . Mike catch the purse . engage in a tug of war with the mom . 56 . mike Jesus , she 's get a grip ! cam get a idea . rushes off . viktor 's mom start spitting and cursing at Mike . viktor ’'s mom I kill you ! I kill you ! Marcus stagger to he foot . grab the mom from behind . tries to yank she back when -- -- two probe attached to taser wire tag she in the chest . cam hit the trigger on Marcus 's taser gun . she get shocked and fall backward onto Marcus -- the two hitting the ground , Marcus break she fall . Mike and cam stand over the pair . Marcus wince . marcus next time ... you get the door . cam what do we do with she now ? mike call in a uniform . get he to take she back home . off marcus -- the 75 year old mother seizing on top of he : ext . miami marine stadium - parking area - later a few foot beside viktor 's Ford flex , Mike and cam get gun . ready for war . Mike see Marcus do the same . mike whoa , hold up , what be you do ? marcus what 's it look like ? mike it look like you be gear up for police business and in case you forget , you be not the police anymore . marcus I be not the police either when my ass be climb that telephone poll . mike that be different . 57 . marcus why ? mike because I be not gonna do that . marcus so you be just use I . mike hey , you be the one who do not want to be a cop , remember ? so stand back , citizen . cam hey , Mike , come on , three set of gun be better than two . mike depend who 's do the shoot , and who ask you ? marcus I tell you : I be here for Howard . not for you . you be not my boss , my partner or my friend anymore . I be go in . Marcus cock he gun and head off . Mike can not help but respect he loyalty to Howard . back to cam : mike and you : better follow my lead . Mike head off after Marcus . cam follow . int . miami marine stadium - moment later abandon for decade , the metal seat now come in two color : rust and graffiti . Mike , Marcus and cam move quietly inside . there 's no sign of viktor . the stadium look empty . but -- new angle : viktor and he two gunmen hide behind column a few foot ahead , glock ready . when Mike , Marcus and cam approach -- they swing around , firing . Mike , Marcus and cam take cover behind seat and concrete pillar , shoot back -- gunfire deafening . ext . miami marine stadium - parking area - same two black suburban roar up . Doors explode open . bardha and a team of shooter hop out . rush the stadium . 58 . resume mike , marcus and cam : still trading round with viktor and he man when -- gunshot come raining in from behind they ! Mike , Marcus and cam whip around . see bardha and he shooter advance , firing . the trio return shot in both direction -- but they be out - manned -- catch in a crossfire between bardha and he team and viktor and he man . mike fuck , they be flanking we ! move back ! Mike , Marcus and cam make a dash up the aisle , make they way up to a upper level to escape the gunfire , take cover behind a plastic tarp hang down from the roof . but the gunfire continue . Mike quickly re-load he gun and throw the plastic aside to see what 's go on below -- and he 's throw ! bardha and he team be not pursue they . they be advancing on viktor and he man . Mike see : bardha and he man fire multiple round at viktor and the two gunman , riddling gunman # 1 -- then tagging gunman # 2 . mike ( cont 'd ) ( realize ) they be not here for we . they be here for they ! viktor fire back at bardha and he team -- then take off , running for he life . Mike give chase -- follow bardha and he man , racing after viktor -- who reach the end of a aisle and -- jump over the side of the stadium -- drop several foot to the pavement below . bardha and he team run up and FIRE down on he , but viktor escape , rush underneath the lowest level of the stadium . Mike come up behind bardha and he man . fire . Hit one , but he 's wear kevlar . the other return shot . Mike duck down behind seat , bullet pinging metal . 59 . ext . miami marine stadium - second later viktor emerge from underneath the stadium and jump into the Ford flex . slam the door . he 's about to turn the key when -- bardha and he team run up . surround the car . viktor go to duck down . too late . the suv get completely demolished with bullet that rip through the car and viktor 's flesh , kill he . bardha then turn to the camaro . fire a shot into a tire . Mike get outside as bardha and he team roar off in they suburban . he go to run into the camaro to pursue . stop short when he see the flat front tire . shit . in the distance : police siren wail and cruiser approach . int . miami marine stadium - moment later viktor 's man lie on the cement , dead . Marcus hover over they body , look like he 's about to hurl . cam hey ... you alright ? holding back barf -- but try to play it off : marcus yeah . you know . just ... acid reflux . he gag . Mike come up . immediately pat down one of the body , pull what he can from he pocket . cam what be you do ? mike what you should be . take whatever evidence we can before the fed do . this guy be we best shot at gettin’ to luga . whatever they could tell we , someone make sure we could not find out . we need to figure out what . Marcus and cam soon join in . go through pocket . jacket . Marcus find a phone , cam a wallet . but then -- cam see something else : a fold piece of paper stick out of the sock of gunman # 2 . cam pull it out and unfold the paper . written on it : three sets of strange symbol mix with cyrillic letter and random number . a complex code . 60 . Red and blue light converge on the stadium and we go to : ext . miami marine stadium - night Mike , Marcus and cam give statement to miami PD . agent kessler soon arrive , back by three FBI agent . agent kessler ( livid ) I hate to repeat myself , lowery . now , this be the second time I have have to warn you not to interfere with this investigation . marcus some investigation . we be the one who find the hotel shooter . agent kessler what be you do here anyway ? you be a goddamn civilian . marcus ( up in he face ; piss ) '' I be a goddamn civilian ? I ’ma goddman civilian . '' ( beat ; realize ; back off ) yeah , that 's right , I be a goddamn civilian . agent kessler ( to he agent ) I want they searched . Mike , Marcus and cam protest but the FBI agent with kessler do not give a shit , patting they down , find Marcus 's gun -- marcus I get a permit for that . -- and a gunman 's phone in Mike 's pocket . kessler grab it . agent kessler you get a permit for this ? another agent find a wallet in cam 's pocket . cam hey , that 's mine . the agent show the id to kessler . agent kessler ( read the albanian name on the card ) enver biba ? 61 . cam it 's my porno name . I also go by hung frankenstein . agent kessler detain they . the fed quickly slap on cuff . mike what the fuck , kessler !?! Mike , Marcus and cam be pull over to the FBI sedan . luttrell ( 0.s. ) agent kessler ! kessler turn . see luttrell walk up . luttrell ( cont ’d ) what be you do to my detective ? agent kessler what the hell do it look like ? luttrell a Federal agent detain Miami PD . you do not want the headline or the headache . trust I . kessler pause . he definitely do not . luttrell ( cont ’d ) put they in my custody . let Internal affair handle they . agent kessler like you have handle they so far ? luttrell they will not be a problem anymore . kessler consider luttrell . a beat , then warn : agent kessler they interfere again , I be gonna arrest they for willful impede of a Federal investigation . that clear ? luttrell Crystal . kessler order he man to let Mike , Marcus and cam free . as soon as the fed walk away : 62. marcus thanks , man . luttrell please . I love stand up to that Federal prick . Mike , I know how bad you want luga . I do too . but you be bring down too much heat . mike just tell I what else kessler know about luga . luttrell ( beat , then : ) what I have manage to piece together be : the FBI have intercept a lot of chatter on albanian organize e- mail communication . reference to something call '' forager . '' and accord to they humint source , they believe someone inside the country have bring luga here as talent to pull off some major drug operation . marcus we gotta get this guy fast , Mike . cam maybe this will help . cam reach down and take off a shoe . marcus you sock ? cam pull the paper he take off the gunman out of he shoe . cam get this off one of viktor 's boy . stashed it in my shoe in case we have to give the other evidence up . Marcus be instantly impressed . Mike be too , but be not show it . Marcus pick up on this . marcus okay , I will say it : '' fuck yeah . '' Mike take the paper . do not know what to make of it . luttrell Mike , a word . Mike hand the paper back to cam and walk off with luttrell . 63 . luttrell ( cont ’d ) there 's something else . do not want to say in front of the other . mike what 's up ? luttrell I have be look into who have knowledge that you guy be hide out at the hotel . only a handful of people know and all of they be cop . the leak definitely come from inside Miami PD , maybe even you unit . somebody 's go bad . I be gonna find out who , but in the meantime , do not trust anyone . Mike consider that , as we go to : ext . miami - dade p.d. headquarters - a hour later ellie ( v.o. ) I ask you point blank if you be investigate luga -- int . miami - dade p.d. headquarters - ellie 's office - same ellie tear into Mike and cam . ellie -- and you give I you word that you be stand down . mike do you really expect anything different ? ellie not from Mike lowery , no . she lean forward . ellie ( cont 'd ) I know you do not respect I . but you should at least respect that I have a job to do . mike and so do I . this asshole 's come here to kill I and because of that , Captain Howard 's fight for he life . you wanna talk respect ? ( more ) 64 . mike ( cont 'd ) how ' bout the respect you owe you cop instead of the fed -- or the respect I owe Howard to go after luga and bring he ass down for what he do ? ( rise from he seat ) and I would do the same if it be you in the hospital right now instead of he . ellie look at Mike . he 's tell the truth but despite she loyalty to Howard , she can not let he off the hook . ellie I would suspend you , but I do not think that would help . so you -- ( to cam ) -- get you toothbrush , you pajamas , whatever you need , cause from this moment on , you be on Mike watch . every move he make you be gonna tell I about it . and if he screw up , it 's on you too . ( back to Mike ) this be not gonna end with you dead or in jail . this be for you own good . tell I you understand that . mike ... I understand . ellie good . now get out . int . miami - dade p.d. headquarters - hallway - continuous as soon as ellie 's door be shut : mike I need to know right now : be you gonna be a problem ? cam lock eye with Mike . cam Howard be my Captain too . a beat . Mike nod . the two continue down the hall . int . miami - dade p.d. - tnt division - moment later daltrey 's with sanchez , try to decipher the paper list of number , letter and symbol . get close . sanchez penis-sized nipple or a nipple - size penis ? 65 . daltrey ( beat ) nipple . Mike hurry in with cam , urgent : mike where you at with that code ? daltrey still work on it . mike alright , here 's how it go : cam , you pair up with daltrey . I wanna know what that code mean . I be headin’ over to Miami General . sanchez : how be you gang connection ? any owe you favor ? sanchez I get a guy who 's in abk . run a bodega in Miami garden . mike reach out to he . have he slip it to two or three operator in the albanian community that one of the hotel shooter survive the hit tonight and be list as a John doe at the hospital . when word travel up the chain that one of they target be alive and talkin’ to the cop , the albanian be gonna send someone to finish the job . i’1l have a heart to heart with he and find out where luga 's hide he ass . call I when y’all have something . Mike step back out into the hallway . cam hurry after he . int . miami - dade p.d. headquarters - hallway - continuous cam dude , what the hell ? you be bench I ? I think we have a understanding . Mike stop . cam ( cont 'd ) you need to trust I . mike I be . with that list . 66 . cam so while I be pick up you scrap you can go off and do the real cop work ? mike look , right now luga 's out there somewhere . I do not know what he 's doin’ , but I know it 's not good . if I can not find out on my own , you be gonna have to get something off that list . either way , it 's not open for debate . cam consider Mike . the assignment do have importance . mike ( cont 'd ) now I gotta go get my decoy . int . miami general hospital - room 726 - night Marcus strip out of he clothes to change into a unflatter hospital gown -- and he 's not happy . marcus this be some next level embarrassment right here . mike you be the one who say you want to be involved . marcus well , thanks for tossin’ I a fuckin’ bone . any dignity I have before today ? go . mike would you just get in bed and quit complain ? marcus hey , as long as I be the one whose ass be literally expose here , I be gonna complain as much as I want . he finally get the gown on and hop into the bed . female voice ( 0.s. ) you all good in here , Mike ? Mike turn to the door to find a attractive nurse . mike yeah , dena . listen , I can not thank you enough for hook this up . ( more ) 67 . mike ( cont 'd ) if there 's anything I can do to repay the favor ... dena anything ? gonna keep you to that . she smile seductively and slip out . marcus ( yell out the room ) gonna need a bed pan in here ! int . miami - dade p.d. headquarters - tnt division - day daltrey run the list of code through a scanner . pull the image up on a wall monitor . montage : over the next several hour , cam try to break down the code with a pen , re-arranging letter , word and symbol onto a piece of paper as : daltrey type a algorithm into a computer . Hit enter . immediately all the number , letter and symbol start to move around and change order . eventually -- daltrey 's algorithm crack the first cipher . daltrey Holy shit , I get it . cam snap up , alert . daltrey ( cont 'd ) the code 's base off the albanian alphabet . we just need to figure out which number correspond to which letter -- cam and then add they to the letter that already exist . daltrey exactly . daltrey type more command into the computer , cross - reference letter in the code with the albanian alphabet . cam hold up . what about the symbol ? daltrey the symbol be nothing . garbage . noise to keep we from see the real code . 68 . cam jot down a few albanian word as they appear . then type into another computer . translates the albanian word in the first code entry into English . come up with : cam morrow airpark . daltrey do the same routine for the second code . daltrey next code 's a address . 27309 Fleming Avenue . daltrey enter the address into he computer . daltrey ( cont 'd ) it 's a gas depot . cam and the last code ? daltrey try to crack it use the same method as the other two , but can not . daltrey ... I do not know . this cipher 's different from the other two . it 's not base on the same alphabet . gonna take some time to break . cam check he watch . make a call . cam okay . let 's get start on the first two . music , momentum -- as we go to : ext . miami garden - alley - day sanchez cut through a back , graffiti-line street . draw she phone while covertly make she way up to the back of a neighborhood bodega . send a text . the back door crack open as she arrive . she slip inside . int . bodega - back room - moment later sanchez sit on a crate . meet secretly with carlo , the bodega 's owner . young. confident . carlo how many people we talkin’ about ? sanchez two or three . but it can not get back to we . think you can handle it for I ? 69 . carlo have I ever let you down before ? sanchez ( rise ) I owe you one , carlos . carlo ( shake he head ) I still owe you for helpin’ my sister out . sanchez make this happen and we be even . off carlo , nodd , no problem -- music resume -- launching a series of quick scene : ext . morrow airpark - day a aircraft '' boneyard '' fill with retire military and civilian plane , stripped for part and gather rust . daltrey flash he badge to the airpark foreman . int . morrow airpark - office - moment later daltrey speed through surveillance footage of the airpark . ext . gas depot - intercutting a fuel depository for commercial use only . cam roar up . int . morrow airpark - office - intercutting daltrey stop when he see two albanian pull up in a familiar - — look suburban and disappear inside a military aircraft . fast-forwards until the man re-emerge -- now carry with they : a harris falcon military radio . ext . gas depot - intercutting cam interview the depot manager . depot manager yeah , that 's right , about two hour ago . two foreign guy purchase 12,000 lb of AV fuel . cam AV fuel ? depot manager Aviation fuel . 70 . off cam -- curious -- end sequence and CUT to : int . miami general hospital - hallway - day Mike get a drink out of the vend machine when he phone ring . it 's the tnt office . mike yeah . what do you know ? int . miami - dade p.d. - tnt division - intercutting cam , daltrey and sanchez around the speaker phone : cam first code be a address for a aviation boneyard . daltrey make two albanian make off with a Harris falcon radio . Foreman say it 's use to communicate with military aircraft only . Mike file that in he head . cam ( cont 'd ) second code direct we to a fuel depot where another set of albanian purchase 12,000 lb of aviation fuel . Mike make another note . mike and the last one ? cam we do not know yet . we be still try to crack it , but it 's a different cipher than the other . mike alright , stay on it . int . plg shipping company - magic as bardha wrap up a call on he cell . bardha you be absolutely sure ? ( beat ) okay . thanks for the call . bardha hang up . climb the stair to : int . plg shipping company - office - moment later bardha enter . look to hess. 71 . bardha we get a problem . ext . miami general hospital - night night have fall . int . miami general hospital - same Marcus eat from a pudding cup in bed . Mike sit in a chair . marcus man , I hate hospital food . Marcus try to shoot the cup into the trash across the room . marcus ( cont 'd ) two point . the pudding cup come do not even come close . mike wow , you really be a genuine slob . marcus it 's not be a slob if it be not you house . Mike shake he head . a beat , then to break the silence : marcus ( cont 'd ) just like old time though . you , I , a stakeout . Mike agree , but say nothing . marcus ( cont 'd ) .»+- you know , you should really give you new partner a break . I know you hate to admit it but he 's get skill . mike he 's a kid . marcus so be we once . Mike take that in as Marcus admit : marcus ( cont 'd ) you guy make a good team . Marcus look away . jealous , perhaps ? switch the subject : mike talk to you family lately ? 72 . marcus I check in on they this afternoon . mike how they holdin’ up ? marcus good ... under the circumstance . mike I miss they . marcus they miss you . mike must be nice . have someone to go home to . Marcus look at he sideways . marcus be you jealous , Mike ? ' Cause you can have ‘em . mike just sayin’ . it 's be on my mind lately be all . marcus Mike lowery want to settle down ? better get one of that crash cart . think I be gonna have myself a heart attack . now it 's Mike 's turn to look away . a beat , then : marcus ( cont 'd ) look , uhh , since we be sharin’ not shit ... I know you do not think so , but I do miss the action sometimes . mike you be definitely get you full of it this week . marcus tell I about it . mike you do not have to quit . Marcus shrug . what do you want from I ? 73. mike ( cont 'd ) ( sincerely ) why do you quit , Marcus ? ( no response ) it be not just luga and the albanian or the blood oath , be it ? marcus +.-no . mike then why ? marcus you really wanna know ? mike I ask . Marcus sit up in the bed . marcus respect . Mike 's throw . marcus ( cont 'd ) every time we go into a situation , it 's all about what you want . I do not get a say . and when you do it all head - on like you do , you be puttin’ my life on the line . and after so long , it 's clear that you do not care about I . mike and how do you think I feel ? the person I count on to save my life be not there for I . '' we ride together . we die together . bad boy for life . '' that mean something to I . as Marcus absorb that -- the two partner finally start to reconcile -- music build and we go to : ext . miami STREET - night a suburban speed through downtown . int . suburban - intercutting bardha drive . a albanian gunman load a sig - sauer p220r . 74 . int . miami general hospital - icu wing - intercutting ding ! a elevator open . Mike step out . move down the hall . ext . miami STREET - intercutting the suburban approach the hospital . int . miami general hospital - icu wing - intercutting Mike look in on a patient through a window : howard -- still on life support . Mike regards he , quiet . ext . miami general hospital - intercutting the suburban pull up . Parks . int . miami general hospital - room 726 - night Marcus try to get some sleep , toss and turn . ding ! int . miami general hospital - seventh floor - same the elevator open up . bardha and the gunman exit . the gunman continue on alone . bardha hold back , keep a eye out . int . miami general hospital - room 726 - moment later Marcus sleep . the room be dark . the gunman come in . walk up to the bed . aim the sig when -- click ! Mike appear behind he , gun to the gunman 's head . he be in the closet . mike wrong patient , asshole . Miami PD . Marcus turn on the light and sit up in bed , add : marcus and burnett service unlimite . mike hand up and drop the gun . the gunman raise he hand and drop the sig . Mike go to grab he wrist and -- lightning quick : the gunman snatch Mike 's -- cause Mike to FIRE at Marcus , bullet just explode a iv bag beside he . the gunman slam Mike against the wall -- shatter a tv . int . miami general hospital - hallway - same hear the commotion , bardha book toward the room . 75 . int . miami general hospital - room 726 - same Mike and the gunman go to blows . Marcus make a move for the fall sig . bardha step into the room and aim at Marcus -- who quickly roll off the bed . Mike and the gunman continue to struggle . a death match . move so furiously that bardha can not get a clear shot . on the floor , Marcus reach up . pull a telephone down from the bedside table . rip out the cord . bardha finally get Mike in the cross-hair . about to fire . wham ! Marcus beam he with the telephone . Marcus leap over the bed -- ass visible through the gown and slam himself into bardha -- the two falling to the floor outside the room -- back into the hall . Mike and the gunman trade punch , knee and elbow . int . miami general hospital - hallway - same Marcus fight bardha . get slammed against a crash cart , impact cause the ekg defibrillator paddle to charge . Marcus drop to the floor . bardha get on top . start choke he . Marcus grab the defibrillator paddle . put they to bardha 's chest and hit he with 250 volt . bardha fly off Marcus , crash onto he back , body sizzling . marcus clear . resume mike : trap in a bear hug . he slam he head back into the gunman 's nose . he drop Mike -- who pick up he gun , spin and crack it over the gunman 's head -- knock he out . int . miami general hospital - hallway - second later Mike rush out . Marcus get to he foot . mike you alright ? marcus yeah . Mike look up . see the nurse at the front desk on the phone with hospital security . 76 . mike ( be : bardha ) this asshole lead the hit team at the stadium . we gotta get he out of here before the uniform come . smash to : mike -- taping bardha up in medical tape -- head to toe like a mummy while : ext . miami general hospital - night Marcus drive he camaro to the service entrance . int . miami general hospital - laundry closet - moment later Mike drag a mummify bardha to the laundry chute . his eye widen as he see what 's gonna happen to he . mike do not worry . you can scream all you want . with that , Mike put he inside -- int . miami general hospital - laundry chute - continuous -- and bardha go sliding down the tube -- into a laundry cart in the hospital basement . int . miami general hospital - hallway - moment later Mike step into a elevator -- as another elevator open up and miami cop step out , just miss he . ext . miami general hospital - parking lot - moment later Mike and Marcus carry the tape up bardha over to Marcus 's camaro , toss he into the trunk and drive off . smash to : a roaring , hungry lion ! ext . miami zoo - night at the entrance to the lion pit , Mike unwrap several Big mac and stuff they inside bardha 's clothes . gag , bardha 's eye do all the scream . marcus this be some sick ass shit right here . mike you do not say anything when I ask you to go to the drive - through . marcus I think you be buy I dinner , not no lion ! like '' good job for not kill you suspect . Love , Mike . '' I be touch . mike do not worry . this be gonna be much more satisfy . Mike rip off the tape on bardha 's mouth . he scream : bardha you better let I the fuck go ! mike where 's luga ? bardha fuck you ! you will not do shit to I . marcus he tape you ass up and kidnap you from a hospital . all he do be do shit to people ! mike one last time . bardha ( still defiant ) I be not tell you shit . mike you choice . Mike shove the last Big Mac into bardha 's pants . bardha scream -- ahhhhh ! -- as Mike pick he up . mike ( cont 'd ) get he leg ! ( Marcus hesitates ) get he leg , Marcus ! Marcus help Mike hoist they prisoner up -- marcus do not ever say I do not do shit for you again ! -- and over the pit . a nearby lion roar ! mike where 's luga ? bardha pull I up ! ahhh ! 78 . smell the Big mac , the lion come up . leap . Mike and Marcus yank bardha up just before the paw can tear he . marcus oh shit -- do you see that !?! mike ( lowering bardha back down ) where 's luga !?!? bardha be terrified now . bardha I don ’t know ! get I out , get I out , please ! mike oh , now you want something from I , huh ? I be suddenly you best friend . another scream as Mike and Marcus lower he back into the pit , the lion return -- Mike yell over bardha : mike ( cont 'd ) bardha what 's he here to do !?! oh my GOD !!! marcus you better tell the man ! that lion 's '' da-da-da-da - dah -- lovin 's it i '' the lion make its way over to bardha -- salivate . mike you people have be pick up equipment all over Miami . fuel , a military radio -- what 's it for !?! bardha I swear I don ’t know ! he doesn ’t tell US ! mike who ? the lion roar . bardha freak out ! mike ( cont 'd ) who ! ?! the lion charge . bardha albert hess ! 79 . the lion lunge -- but Mike and Marcus jerk bardha out of the pit and share a look . alright , they get a name . bardha try to catch he breath , but he 's shaking . Mike take out he phone . pull up a picture of the code list . focus on the final code -- the one that cam and daltrey could not break . mike you be gonna tell I how to break this code . off bardha -- cave : int . plg shipping company - night the basement door open to reveal aleksander luga , fire up and ready to go . a team of albanian hop inside two truck , armed to the tooth , luga about to join when hess grab he arm , warning : hess remember : you better not fuck this up . he mean to be intimidating , but luga be not rattle . never be . into he eye -- show hess what intimidating be : luga that 's the last time you put you hand on I . hess back off . smart move . luga slam the door . truck roll out -- music spiking as we go to : ext . highway - moment later the camaro rocket up gravel . int . camaro - same this time , Mike drive . Marcus white - knuckle the dashboard . into a speaker phone : mike the final code be actually two different number sequence . int . miami - dade p.d. - tnt division - intercutting camera circle daltrey and sanchez around the speaker phone : mike first be a radio frequency for the the uhf Guard . 80. sanchez uhf Guard ? daltrey it 's a way to establish communication between military and civilian aircraft . mike the second 's coordinate . longitude and latitude degree : 40 ° 26 's 46 '' N 79 ° 58 's 56 '' E. cam enter the coordinate into a computer . pull up a google map image . cam coordinate be for a private airfield just outside the city . a bus come flying up in the car windshield . Marcus scream : marcus bus , bus ! Mike twist the wheel , sparking over the median , dodging oncoming car . Marcus try not to hurl . mike ( piece everything together .-- quiet airfield , military radio , aviation fuel . cam what be you think , Mike ? mike thinkin 's the FBI do not know what 's up . luga 's not here to doa drug deal . he 's here to doa hijack . he 's a pilot , remember . daltrey , how fast can you get you boy in the military on the phone ? daltrey anytime day or night . mike do it now . ask they if there 's any military aircraft with the code - name '' forager " '' come into Florida tonight . ext . highway - same the camaro exit the causeway -- gust through traffic . 81 . int . miami - dade p.d. - tnt division - moment later daltrey hang up a phone . get back on the call with Mike : daltrey alright , just speak to my pal in the Marine reserve . forager 's the NATO report name for a a - 124 ruslan Transport plane . ext . skie above florida - intercutting '' forager '' , the transport plane , approach the Florida coast . daltrey ( v.o. ) it 's carry weapon that be be ship to eglin Air Force base from Iraq . resume intercut between mike / marcus and tnt : daltrey m15 and m16 assault rifle . m40 A1 sniper rifles . mpe . shoulder - launch missile . radar- cloaking technology . and at least 400,000 round of ammunition . marcus Jesus -- luga 's gonna have enough hardware to take over a small country . mike or sell to one . we gotta go straight to the FBI on this . cam , get kessler and tell he luga 's hijack a military transport plane full of weapon . cam yeah , on it . mike and tell no one else at Miami PD about this . cam but Mike -- mike just do it . Mike hang up . Marcus turn to Mike , surprised . marcus you gonna cut out Miami PD ? 82 . mike if the leak 's come from inside the department , I be not tippin 's luga off that we be come . Marcus be not sure . Mike drop the hammer , the car speed ahead -- as we go back to : int . miami - dade p.d. - tnt division - same daltrey and sanchez slap on kevlar . cam 's on the phone with the FBI . cam this be cam theroux , Miami PD badge number 3 - 4-9 bravo 11 - 93 , I need to speak to agent kessler right away . cam 's put on hold . a figure appear in the doorway : voice ( 0.s. ) what be you do ? it 's ellie . cam look up , bust . ellie and where the hell be lowery ? ext . highway - same the camaro top 90 -- as we go very fast to : ext . skie above florida - night back in the air with '' forager '' -- make preparation for a landing at eglin Air Force base . control tower ( v.o. ) Control tower delta 5 - 0 - 7 - 9 : call '' forager '' 302 on emergency channel . switch over '' forager '' . int . transport plane - intercutting several crate of military - grade weapon be secure in the back . two private military pilot sit up front . switch over to a emergency radio channel . pilot Control tower delta 5 - 0 - 7 - 9 : this be '' forager " 302 over . control tower ( v.o. ) due to a incident at eglin , we be diverting you to a alternate airfield . ( more ) 83 . control tower ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) climb to 10,00 foot and turn to a head of 2 - 8 - 5 degree and proceed to coordinate 40 ° 26 's 46 ' ' int . private airfield - control tower - same where we see the person communicate with the plane via a harris palmer military radio -- speak in a pitch - perfect english accent : aleksander _luga . luga -- North 79 ° 58 's 56 '' East . at he foot , two dead control tower operator in pool of blood . we be : ext . private airfield - same a secluded airstrip outside Miami . secure by luga 's strike team . they stand watch with heckler & koch hk416 d1ur . like a military presence . int . transport plane - same the pilot trade puzzle look , then confirm : pilot Roger tower , 5 - 0 - 7 - 9 diverting . ext . skie above florida - same the transport plane divert to luga 's coordinate . ext . highway - same Mike and Marcus continue to race to the airfield . int . private airfield - control tower - later luga see the transport plane come in from the cloud . pilot ( v.o. ) '' forager '' 302 , 15 mile south , descend to 5,000 . luga '' forager '' 302 , you be clear to land on runway 1 - 8 . luga then get on he nextel . report to he team : luga ( cont 'd ) target 's en route . get ready . 84 . ext . private airfield - same the strike team cock triggers , readying themselves . ext . highway - same the camaro be moment away . int . camaro - same mike you know , this car be not so bad . Marcus lock and load he Glock . marcus we should wait until back - up arrive . mike luga 's not wait . neither can we . he drop the hammer . ext . private airfield - night '' forager '' land . when the engine CUT -- luga and he team rush the plane . int . transport plane - same see armed man approach : pilot Holy shit . he try raise the military on the radio -- but the signal be jammed . he only get static . co- pilot they be jam the fuck signal ! pilot get you gun . ext . private airfield - same luga attaches a C - 4 brick to a plane door . activate a detonator . boom ! the door blows off . int . transport plane - same luga and he team STORM the plane . the co-pilot raise he gun -- but a gunman put two muffle shot in he chest . luga aim a tech - 9 at the other pilot . shoot he between the eye . 85 . very fast : the team board the plane . load barrel contain 12,000 lb of fuel . dump the dead pilot out the open door . luga sit down in the cockpit . start the engine back up . ext . private airfield - same plane come back to life as -- vroooom ! -- the camaro crash through a perimeter gate . int . transport plane - same see the bad boy come -- luga 's face tightens . he rush away from he seat -- grab a machine gun -- driven as he get to the open door -- ext . private airfield - continuous -- and jump out onto the runway . fire madly at the camaro . int . camaro - same a shower of bullet rip through the windshield , shatter glass . Mike crank the wheel -- ext . private airfield - same -- and veer the car off the runway -- skid to a stop near the tower -- luga follow it with he machine gun . int . camaro — same bullet rain in . Marcus kick OPEN the passenger door and climb out with Mike . ext . private airfield - continuous Mike and Marcus duck behind the camaro as luga 's join by three gunmen . marcus there 's too many -- we need back - up , man ! mike just cover I . marcus Mike , do not -- but it 's too late . Mike 's already on he foot -- racing away from the car -- and diving behind some runway equipment . he pop back up and shoot three round into another gunman , kill he . 86 . three more strike team member get out of the plane , join luga , concentrate gunfire on Mike who turn to look over at Marcus -- -- who remain crouch behind the camaro -- a _ cell phone to he ear . Mike -- eye fill up with fury when he see that Marcus be not back he up -- turn he attention back to luga and he man -- trading ear-pierce round . resume marcus : on the phone with cam , scream over gunfire . marcus ( cont 'd ) where the fuck be you at !?! int . cadillac escalade - intercutting sanchez drive , topping 100 mph . daltrey ride shotgun while load one . cam sit in the back , phone to ear . cam we be still three minute out . ext . private airfield - night bullet strike the plane . fuel seep out . a gunman fire at the tower window above Marcus 's head . they shatter . Glass rain down on Marcus -- -- who dive out of the way -- as crash ! -- break shard splatter on the pavement -- almost shredd he . the gun battle rage on . another gunman try to take Mike from he right side -- but Mike turn -- shoot -- put two in he chest -- then turn back to find : a third gunman take aim -- Mike fire one shot that rip through he head . Mike soon get the drop on luga . he 's about to take he out when -- -- he get hit by spotlight -- blind he as he fire , glare cause he to miss he target . a police helicopter shoot overhead . soon -- several local police cruiser roar up to the scene . luga yell at he team to follow he back to the plane . 87. int . transport plane - continuous luga hop inside and begin throw open the military crate , pull from they a arsenal of machine gun , grenade and shoulder -fired missile . ext . private airfield - same as the cruiser scream up , Mike and Marcus rise up from the ground -- about to move on the plane when -- luga and he team come back out -- re-armed -- unload a wealth of gunfire that shred the income police car . luga take a manpad : a shoulder - launch surface - to- air missile -- set it down on he shoulder , peer through the sight and fire a missile that explode the tail of the police helicopter -- cause it to spin wildly . cop scatter as the helicopter blows in a eruption of fire and metal that nearly take they all out . the escalade soon roar up . cam , sanchez and daltrey hop out of the car and join in on the action -- fire bravely . Mike and Marcus be still trading gunfire with luga and he man -- but they be out - numbered and out - gun . the arrival of additional police cruiser -- along with a swat van -- force luga back into the plane -- int . transport plane - continuous -- where he sit down at the control -- steering the plane . ext . private airfield - same the transport plane turn . start down the runway . Mike go charging after it on foot . Marcus try to stop he : marcus mike ! but Mike do not listen -- he arm pump -- run like a mad man after the escape plane . cam also see this , but unlike Marcus , he join in -- run over to a cruiser and roaring after Mike . cop OPEN FIRE on the plane , but luga keep go . as do Mike . but the plane be pick up speed . then -- cam shoot up in the cruiser -- move past Mike on the right side -- then slam to a stop so Mike can catch up . cam throw open the passenger door -- and scream out : 88 . cam get in ! Mike hop inside the car and cam peel off after luga . int . transport plane - same as luga get ready to take off -- ext . private airfield - same -- cam pull the cruiser up to the open plane door . Mike aim out at the plane . open fire -- bang ! bang ! bang ! int . transport plane - same a albanian get shot . another fire back at Mike . luga pull back on the wheel -- ext . private airfield - same -- and the plane take off . Mike continue to fire -- but cam be almost out of runway . he slam on the brake . the car screech to a stop as the transport plane rise and disappear into the cloud . Mike step out of the car , watch luga escape -- as we prelap : agent kessler ( v.o. ) accord to the dod , the weapon be all set to be repurpose upon arrival in Florida . int . miami PD headquarters - situation room - night everyone 's present -- listen to kessler . tension be high . agent kessler the manpad that be on board be a man-portable air- defense system , shoulder - launch surface - to - air missile . it can take down plane , helicopter , drone . the black market value of this latest version be staggering and the introduction of they into the terrorist marketplace have enormous national security implication that be only too frightening to imagine . ( to Mike and Marcus ) you just armed the enemy . 89 . Mike and Marcus take issue , but before they can get in kessler 's face about it -- ellie agent kessler , my officer -- agent kessler ( cut she off ) be out of you control . ( be : Mike ) he be out of control . mike ( get in he face ) you fuckin’ kiddin’ I , man ? marcus Mike , calm down . mike no. fuck that . at every turn this mother fucker 's be up my ass even though we have be doin’ he job . agent kessler no one ask you to , lowery . luga 's operation be a Federal investigation . Miami PD be suppose to back off -- mike we call you right when the shit be goin 's down and if we do not act , we would not have even have a chance at stoppin 's luga . agent kessler but you do not stop he ! you let he get away ! mike agent kessler ( cont 'd ) no , no , you be not put the if luga get out of the blame on we . country with that weapon , it 's on you and I be gonna have you fuck badge , cock - sucker ! kessler push Mike -- who do not stand for that . he come back harder -- angrier -- hit kessler back -- cause chaos to erupt -- fed versus Miami PD . Mike throw a punch at kessler -- connecting with he jaw . another agent go after Mike -- activate Marcus who grab he . pull he back . this be get out of control . cam , daltrey and sanchez pull Mike and Marcus away as kessler scream at he man : 90 . agent kessler ( cont ’d ) that 's it ! take they both into custody right now ! the federal agent back up kessler grab Mike and Marcus . Force they out the door . agent kessler ( cont ’d ) ( wiping blood from he lip ) this be not a police station . it 's a fuck zoo . and you man -- ellie ( not back down ; defend Mike and Marcus ) my man be the only one without they head squarely up they own ass . and if you dare try to lay any of tonight 's blame on they or anyone else at Miami PD , I be gonna dedicate my life to ruin yours . and we see she mean it . but kessler get the final word : agent kessler if luga get away ... it 's you ass , too . kessler move past she . off ellie , face tightening : ext . miami STREET - night two government sedan speed past . int . federal build - lock - up - night Agents escort Mike and Marcus into the basement of the FBI Miami office -- move they down a row of empty cell . marcus this be bullshit ! I want my phone call . I want my lawyer . I want all you fuckin’ name -- ' cause I be gonna have each and every one of you ass . the two be lock in adjoin cell . Mike sit on a bench . marcus ( cont 'd ) man , can you believe this shit ? mike fuck you , Marcus . 91 . marcus what ? ( off Mike 's silence ) whoa. hold up . you be mad at I now ? mike I need you to back I up at the airfield -- marcus no , no , no . fuck that . you be not puttin’ this shit on I . mike you still do not get it . I look for you and you be nowhere to be find . marcus and once again , you do not listen to I and look where we be at now . mike kiss my ass , Marcus . Mike look away . fuck this guy . a beat , then softly : marcus «.+- you know somethin’ , Mike ? you say you want a partner . but I do not think you do . you like the one man army thing too much . ( beat ) how 's that workin’ out for you ? Mike stay quiet . no comeback . Marcus sit down . say nothing either . as Marcus 's word hang : ext . everglade - early morning first light start to shine , camera shoot over wetland to arrive at a coastal land Mass where luga have set down the transport plane -- puncture with bullet hole , out of fuel . luga supervise he remain man throw a camouflage tarp over the plane -- cover it from a overhead surveillance . moment later , several go-fast boat zip up to the plane at 150 mph . a group of albanian step off to meet luga , lead by hess -- who be not happy . quick cut : the man transfer the weapon onto the go-fast boat . hess tear into luga . 92 . hess I tell you : this be not a personal job . it 's business . you be suppose to take off immediately from the airfield ! not go after that two cop ! but as before -- luga do not appear like he 's listen . hess ( cont 'd ) and because of you bullshit , the FBI , custom , homeland , Miami PD -- they be all look for the plane and I have to fix this . this be a multi-million dollar arm sale ! now I have to get this weapon on the container -- luga strike -- quick - punch hess right in the throat , breaking he wind pipe . he can not even cry out . only he eye scream as he knee drop to the wet ground . luga presses he thumb into hess 's eye -- pushing they in until they bleed -- but of course -- he still can't yell . hess crash to the ground . he can not even see luga stand over he -- draw he gun and fire a bullet into he stomach . luga look over to hess 's man , gun in hand . they look back at he , still . a beat -- then they get back to work -- put the weapon onto the boat . they be not gonna cross luga . hess , still on the ground , bleed out slowly , in agony , can only listen as luga and the man finish up , get on the boat and speed away , disappear . off hess , live death : int . federal build - lock - up - day Mike and Marcus be still cool they heel in jail when a door open at the end of the hall and ellie come storming down the hall . a federal guard stop she . guard hey , can I help -- ellie ( not slow down ) absolutely . you can open up this cell and let my boy out . guard I be afraid I can not do that . 93. ellie well , I see you authority and raise you a Federal judge 's . ellie flash a court order in he face . she mean business . ellie ( cont 'd ) now open the fuck cell . the guard -- no choice -- release Marcus first -- who turn to ellie on he way out . marcus thank you . ellie where be you go ? marcus away from he . he leave without a word to Mike , who then get let out of he cell . step up to ellie . mike knew someone would bail we out . do not think it would be you . ellie ( recalling what Mike tell she earlier about respect ) nobody get to boss my people around except I . he nod . thanks . then as he go : ellie ( cont 'd ) lowery . Mike stop . turn back to she . ellie ( cont 'd ) do not think this mean you be off the hook with I . but there 's no time . ( a order ) make this right . Mike lock eye with she . absolutely , lieutenant . leave . off ellie -- go to : int . federal build - interrogation room - night kessler and he agent grill bardha , cuffed to a table . 94 , agent kessler tell we right now : where the fuck can we find luga ? bardha I already tell you : I do not know ! agent kessler then what do you know !?! int . plg shipping company - day a batter ram obliterate the front door . a FBI swat team rush inside -- but the factory be completely abandoned . ext . plg shipping company - day Mike overlook the building from afar . watch the FBI move in and out , search for any evidence they can find . his phone buzy . mike lowery . luttrell ( v.o. ) Mike , it 's luttrell . ext . miami STREET - intercutting luttrell come drive up in he buick -- nervous , anxious . luttrell we need to talk . where be you ? mike check up on a lead . luttrell you turn up anything ? mike not yet . luttrell well , I have . I find out who tell luga about the Red roof Inn . mike who ? luttrell not on the phone . we need to meet face to face . ext . miami - day to night time lapse as day give way to night . 95 . ext . indian river - night Mike 's Ferrari arrive at a industrial area near the river . he get out . look around . see a boat shed , but no luttrell . a beat later and a car approach . we think it 's luttrell , but the driver step out -- it 's marcus . mike what the hell be you do here ? marcus luttrell call . Said you need to see I . Mike instinctively know it 's a set up and tackle Marcus to the ground as -- bang ! -- a bullet rip through the air and strike a gas tank behind we they . boooooooom ! it erupt ! shockwave send Mike and Marcus soaring -- then crash back to the ground . luga and a trio of hitmen emerge from behind a stack of rusting marine part nearby . Mike quickly get to he foot . help Marcus up . bullet chase they , they sprint across a wooden dock -- to the boat shed atop the water . they bomb through the door as the wood wall get splintered with round . luga ready a heckler & koch hk69al1 grenade launcher . Mike slam the door to the boat shed . Marcus peer out a dirty window . see luga aim the grenade launcher . marcus ( cont 'd ) Mike ! Mike spy a scuba tank on the floor . mike take that ! luga pull back the trigger . Mike throw open a small hatch in the floor to get to the water below the shed . the grenade from luga 's gun fire into the shed . booooooooom ! -- the entire shed explode ! Wood and fire go every which way . 96 . luga watch the blacken piece fall from the star- light sky , then go over to see what remain of Mike and Marcus . but there be no remain . only char wooden plank . luga look out at the river . they body must have be blow out to the river . he wait there a moment , stare out . see nothing . a albanian hitman say what all be think . hitman they be dead . but luga refuse to take that for a answer . he grab the machine gun out of the hitman 's hand and open fire on the water -- furious . scream at the other to : luga get some light now ! the gunman focus flashlight beam on the water . luga want to see body -- but all he see be blackness . convince that they be dead -- that no one could have survive that blast or stay under water that long -- luga turn and leave -- roaring away in a nearby speed boat . another moment pass -- then Mike and Marcus appear from under the water -- share the oxygen in the scuba tank . moment later , the two collapse on shore , exhaust . Marcus turn to Mike , appreciative . marcus ... thanks . Mike nod . mike luttrell set we up . Marcus spit out some salt water . marcus well , I be definitely down for beatin’ he ass . you ? the two get to they foot -- as we go fast to : int . luttrell 's home - night the front door explode OPEN ! Mike and Marcus rush inside . they look around , but the house be empty . no luttrell . marcus he 's go . 97 . Mike try to find a clue , any clue , but there 's nothing . mike shit ! Mike 's phone ring . he put it on speaker . mike ( cont 'd ) go. intercut : int . miami - dade p.d. headquarters - luttrell 's office - same daltrey and sanchez search luttrell 's office . cam have financial record up on luttrell 's computer . cam I hack luttrell 's Internal affair password and run a dun and bradstreet check on he . eight year ago , the asshole be on he second divorce , have child payment , alimony , be dead break . mike lemme guess : out of nowhere he 's suddenly get enough cash to pay off he bill . cam all come from a second bank account in he son 's name . mike eight year . that 's before he be internal affair . what be he back then ? sanchez robbery homicide ... overtown . marcus overtown . be not that where luga 's family use to call home ? mike luga must have get luttrell on the take early . ( urgent ) cam , luttrell 's drivin 's a Miami PD vehicle . it 's get lojack . if I be right , wherever he 's at , hess will not be far behind . get I a address ! music spike and we slam to : 98 . ext . port of miami - morning establish . fill with ship of all size . music pulsing , luga supervise large crane fill the hold of a container ship -- the '' osaka spirit '' -- with dumpster - size vessel . luttrell be with he -- make a plea : luttrell look , I have give you everything you want , but as soon as you be go , I be do . no more . you understand ? luga do not even pay he the courtesy of eye contact . luga I understand we have a arrangement and when it end be not for you to decide . new angle : a pair of binoculars see this . Mike , Marcus , cam , sanchez and daltrey over look luga 's operation from a conceal distance . mike ( look through the binocular ) I see luga . he 's with luttrell . shit . they be get ready to leave . marcus ( take the binocular ) there 's gotta be fifteen , twenty guy with he . maybe more inside . mike we have to move fast . keep the ship at port until custom and back - up arrive . daltrey , sanchez : you two take the port side . cam , you be mid - ship . Lay down enough cover fire to buy I time to get to the bridge . the young cop nod . on it . Mike see Marcus . pause . mike ( cont 'd ) ... that work for you ? Marcus nod . good of he to ask . marcus yeah. 99 . mike then let 's do it . quick cut : the team gear up : weapon prep / round be seat : ka-click / kevlar vest strapped on . Mike turn to cam . mike ( cont 'd ) you ready for this ? cam I think I be . mike so do i. cam smile . a heal moment . off which : ext . container ship - day a loud horn blows . luga 's ship be about to leave . luttrell be about to step off the boat when we -- new angle : a crane operator work the control from inside he booth . the butt of a gun strike he across the back of the head -- knock he out . cam take he place in the booth . give the lever a hard yank , releasing a container from its hook . it crash down onto the deck of the ship -- luttrell and luga 's crew diving aside . int . container ship - various - same a gunman sound the general alarm . shooter grab weapon and step out onto the deck to investigate as -- ext . container ship / dock - second later very fast : Mike and Marcus roar up to the ship in Mike 's Ferrari -- scream up a ramp -- and flying they ride onto the main deck -- plowing down two gunman in the process . luttrell see they and quickly bolt inside the ship as -- daltrey and sanchez zip - line onto the top deck on cable while firing -- hit gunman . Mike and Marcus throw open car door and immediately engage in a fire fight . Mike cover Marcus -- scream at he to : mike go , go ! Marcus fire he way inside a open hatch , into the ship . 100 . Mike trade round with gunman -- before run through the same door -- join Marcus inside : int . container ship - corridor - continuous they go tearing down the narrow hallway . at a intersection : mike I will take the bridge . you take the engine room . marcus on it . Mike go leave . Marcus go right . ext . container ship - same daltrey and sanchez find themselves pin down by enemy gunfire -- ducking behind one of the steel container . two gunman advance -- about to get a clear shot when -- cam climb up the anchor on the side of the ship -- pull himself onto the deck behind the gunman . cam hand in the air ! the gunman turn , but keep fire . cam shoot back -- he blast of bullet kill they both . but then -- rat -tat-tat-tat ! -- more machine gunfire force cam to drop back behind some container of he own -- as we return to : int . container ship - mid - ship corridor - same a gunman come out of a compartment -- attacking Mike . they wrestle for control of Mike 's gun . Mike draw a knife from he tactical vest and jam it into the gunman . he drop . Mike continue on . int . container ship - lower deck corridor - same Marcus move into a new hallway -- check open compartment door -- when : a gunman jump out into the corridor -- down the hall from he -- fire . Marcus shoot back -- tagging he first . ext . container ship - same bullet continue to trade air between luga 's gunman and the tnt cop . bang ! daltrey take one in the chest . go flying back into a container . 101 . sanchez daltrey ! a gunman take aim at sanchez , but she fire first -- kill he -- as cam take out another gunman -- give sanchez the open to rush over to daltrey -- scared . but then she see -- he kevlar catch the bullet . daltrey wince , nodd : daltrey I be okay . sanchez help he up . ext . miami dock - same a fleet of police cruiser charge toward the dock . int . container ship - corridor - same back with Marcus -- still make he way to the engine room . the ship be massive . int . container ship - another corridor - same as a shooter round a corner and -- crack ! -- Mike be there to lay he out with a straight shot to he head . he then grab he h&k machine gun and continue on when -- bullet explode around he . Mike duck back . swing he head around a corner . see : luttrell fire . Mike shoot back -- then give chase down a hallway . luttrell turn and fire back at Mike until -- click ! -- he run out of bullet . he quickly duck into : int . container ship - state room - same and get over to a desk -- as Mike step inside -- aim he gun at he . luttrell freeze . mike turn you ass around ! luttrell turn , he back now to the desk . luttrell ( plead ) Mike , please , you gotta understand . I have no choice . luga be gonna kill I if I do not help he . you gotta believe I . 102 . mike you be a goddamn traitor . I do not have to do shit but take you ass in . but luttrell be merely stalling -- he hand ( unseen by Mike ) grab a Glock off the desk . he swing it around . he will not be take in . give Mike no choice but to -- bang ! bang ! bang ! put three hole in luttrell 's chest . int . container ship - engine room - same Marcus step inside . take in the massive diesel engine , huge boiler . be at a total loss . marcus what the fuck be I suppose to -- he stop himself and move over to the equipment . marcus ( cont 'd ) fuck it . and just start throw lever , hope to shut the engine down . eventually , the huge engine scream and come to a stop . Marcus cheer . marcus ( cont 'd ) Hell , yeah , go Captain burnett !!! int . container ship - hallway - same back with Mike -- head down another set of stair and up a hall -- step past a door when -- a trigger be cocked ! Mike spin . come face to face with a gunman , about to make a move when -- a second gun appear from behind he . get press into the back of he head . int . container ship - hold - moment later Mike be drag into the hold by two gunman . another two be already inside -- along with luga . Mike 's knee get kick out from behind he . he drop . luga stand over he . love this . luga sergeant lowery . he level he gun at Mike 's head . luga ( cont 'd ) where 's you friend ? 103 . resume marcus : continue through the ship , stop when he hear voice . he follow they . come up to the entrance to the hold . he see luga keep he gun on Mike . count the other gunman . shit . he 's so out - numbered . he duck back into another compartment . dial cam . ext . container ship - same but cam be occupy , mid-gun battle with the remain gunman on the outer deck of the ship , cop join in . resume marcus : hang up . marcus shit . he check he ammo . half a mag . thinks -- as time slow down . resume mike : as luga cock he trigger , about to execute he . resume marcus : as he weigh he option , come to the only conclusion he can reach -- he face tightening , eye go steely , courage rising , blood pumping and he -- -- race back into the hallway -- arm pumping as he charge head - on like a mad man -- like a mike lowery -- into : int . container ship - hold - continuous gunmen look up as Marcus rush inside . bullet start flying . Marcus drop , roll and come back up -- shoot back . kill two gunman instantly -- then shoot a third as -- -- Mike spring into action . grab a fall dead gunman 's weapon and kill the fourth gunman but -- -- luga_get the drop on marcus -- get behind he and hold a gun to he head -- while use he as a human shield against Mike . Mike pause -- lock eye with Marcus -- he friend -- in danger -- then luga -- he enemy . luga you gun -- put it down . Mike consider . 104 . marcus do not do it , Mike . luga do it now ! marcus do not you fuck do it ! Mike debate . luga Drop it ! marcus luga ( cont 'd ) he 's gonna kill we both ! put the fucking gun down ! Mike lock eye with Marcus . a choice must be make . a beat then -- Mike drop the gun , choose Marcus over himself . luga then aim he gun at Mike -- but before he can shoot -- -- Marcus swing he arm back -- knock luga 's arm aside . he then get up to he foot and spin -- as luga level he gun again -- Marcus -- -- put himself in the line of FIRE as -- bang ! -- luga shoot -- bullet ripping through marcus . Mike 's eye scream as Marcus drop down in front of he . luga take aim at Mike -- who rush he -- move so fast that luga can not even get a shot off before Mike crash into he . luga 's gun fly aside . and as Marcus bleed out beside he -- Mike hurl punch at luga -- one after the other -- raging . but luga take the blow -- before landing a close - fist to Mike 's jaw that stun he . then Mike draw he blade and swing it -- the knife slicing luga 's arm -- cause blood to spray . enrage -- luga throw a flurry of mix martial art that catch Mike off -guard -- punch knock he to the ground -- right beside luga 's gun . he make a grab for it -- as luga dart out the hatch -- disappear before Mike can shoot . Mike then turn back to he partner and rush over , drop down beside he and turn he onto he back . 105 . mike Marcus -- Marcus ! he see Marcus be bleed bad -- but still alive -- he breathe labored . he do not have a lot of strength -- or time -- but he still manage to whisper to Mike to : marcus kill that fucker . Mike nod -- commit -- then hurry out with luga 's gun . int . container ship - corridor - continuous running -- Mike get back on he radio to : mike theroux . ext . container ship —- same cam , back by daltrey , sanchez and the wave of new cop on the scene , take the remain gunman into custody . cam go Mike . resume mike : head down the hall , search . mike Marcus be down . he 's in the hold . lower deck . get medic down to he now . resume cam : cam on it . he call for back - up as we -- resume mike : still on the move -- but stop when he see a blood smear on the hatch that lead to : int . container ship - steering gear room - second later Mike move inside , gun up . a FIRE axe get swung at he . Mike duck -- but luga swing again -- knocking the gun away . 106 . he go to hack Mike a third time -- but Mike catch the handle before the axe connect with he face . the two struggle for control and in the battle -- the axe go free -- in the opposite direction of Mike 's gun . luga knock Mike down to the floor -- and lock he leg around he head -- choking he . Mike try pry luga 's leg free but he grip be too tight . Mike 's arm search for something -- find a tool box . rummaging around -- he locate a screwdriver and stab luga in the leg with it . luga howl and release he grip . Mike scurries away -- out of breath . luga look behind he . see Mike 's gun . he go to make a grab for it . Mike see this . know he have one move leave . that 's when he spy : the FIRE axe . he pick it up just as luga take Mike 's gun -- turn to aim as -- Mike launch the axe -- throw it across the room at luga . the blade catch he in the chest -- piercing he heart . luga 's stunned . he can not even bring himself to fire . he slump to the floor -- lock eye with Mike as he drop - - before keel over -- dead . off mike -- bloody and exhaust : ext . container ship - moment later a medical helicopter come in for a landing . Mike come rush out a hatch -- onto the main deck . he look around . see Marcus on a stretcher -- load into the helicopter , its door shutting . no word . just music . Mike hurry past he fellow officer and off the boat as the helicopter fly off . ext . miami dock - second later Mike commandeer a police cruiser -- slam the door -- hit the gas -- and roar off as we begin a intercut with : ext . skie above miami - day the mo chopper shoot past while -- 107 . ext . miami STREET - intercutting -- Mike 's steal cruiser blow through traffic . int . medical chopper - intercutting ems work on stabilize Marcus , call in he vital to the emergency room doctor as -- int . police cruiser - intercutting -- Mike continue to weave in and out of car -- racing to meet Marcus at the hospital . ext . miami general hospital - roof / helipad - moment later as the helicopter touch down -- er staff there to greet Marcus -- hurry he inside the hospital . ext . miami STREET - intercutting back with Mike , find another gear , rocketing forward . int . miami general hospital - er - intercutting doctor cut open Marcus 's clothes -- expose he bullet wound . it do not look good as they get to work ... ext . miami general hospital - moment later Mike roar up in the cruiser -- and rush inside . int . miami general hospital - er - moment later Mike arrive at the curtain area where Marcus be be treat . but before he can get close , a nurse cut he off . nurse Sir , you be gonna have to wait outside . but Mike protest : mike that 's my partner in there ! he try to look past the curtain -- but only see Marcus 's leg and the doctor scramble to save he . nurse please , get back , let the doctor do they job . Mike -- no choice -- back off . 108. and as he leave -- we hold on he Pov : he partner and friend -- obscure by the curtain -- fight for he life . off which -- fade out . a beat , then : int . miami general hospital - room - morning it 's the next day . Mike sit in a chair across from Marcus , asleep in a bed -- alive , but still in critical condition . fade out . int . miami general hospital —- room — day Mike be now asleep . day have since pass . he slowly stir , eye focus on : the bed . but it 's now empty . Marcus be gone . where do he go ? for a moment , we may think he 's dead -- but then -- a toilet flush off-camera . Mike whip around to find : marcus -- step out of the bathroom -- move slowly back to he bed . marcus Fair warning , Mike : keep clear of the bathroom for at least a hour . mike what the hell be you doin’ , man ? you know you ass be not suppose to get out of bed . Marcus struggle to get back into bed . Mike help . mike ( cont 'd ) you know ... I never do thank you for what you do on that ship . marcus no ... you do not . ( beat ) but you do not have to . that 's what partner be for . Mike look at Marcus , sincere : mike I be sorry I do not respect you enough . marcus I be sorry you do not either . 109 . Mike smile . marcus ( cont 'd ) we ride together . mike we die together . mike / marcus bad boy for life . they both smile . about to embrace -- theresa ( 0.s. ) Marcus burnett , what be you do out of bed ? Mike and Marcus turn . the burnett family step inside , carry get well balloon and flower . marcus I be sorry , baby . Mike say it be okay . mike no , no , you be not layin’ that shit on I . his family rush over -- help he . he see the flower . marcus man , how many flower do I need ? theresa this be from the FBI . mike kiss ass . a knock at the door . Mike and Marcus turn to see ellie . ellie get room for a few more guest ? she then step aside to allow -- captain howard to move inside the room -- walk with the use of a cane . captain howard well , well , well , it be not good enough that I get shot -- you asshole have to end up in the hospital , too . mike / marcus hey Captain ! good to see you , man ! Howard cross up to he bad boy . captain howard that be some good cop work you do . the both of you . Mike and Marcus nod . mike so when do the doctor say you could get back to bein’ captain , Captain ? captain howard about a month or so . but I may stretch that a bit ... since I know the department 's in good hand . 110 . that 's in reference to ellie -- who lock eye with Mike . but this time , she can not hold back a smile . maybe there be a future for they ...? captain howard ( cont ’d ) what about you two ? mike what about we what ? captain howard the bad boy . they back together or go for good ? Mike and Marcus turn to each other -- then Marcus look to theresa for permission . she look back at he -- then nod . it 's okay with I . Marcus smile and return to Mike . shrug . I be in if you be . mike ... what about cam ? ellie cam 's a good cop . he will be a even better one without you influence . Mike look back to Marcus . the classic Inner Circle song start to come up on soundtrack -- as we go to : ext . miami general hospital - day Mike push Marcus in a wheelchair -- away from we -- the two of they awash with Miami sunshine . marcus look , if bad boy 2.0 be gonna happen , there 's gotta be some ground rule . ( more ) 111 . marcus ( cont 'd ) from now on , we be gonna talk about every move before we make it , you understand . mike Fine ... on one condition . marcus anything . mike we burn every last one of you stupid ass skinny jeans . marcus but , Mike man , that 's my look . mike and you look like a idiot . if we be gonna be partner again , you be gonna have to dress the part . the two continue on like that , playfully jabbing each other , the best of friend -- the Inner Circle song play on as we fade to : black . end credit sequence . still in darkness : marcus ( v.o. ) go , go , go , go , go , go ! we hear a dashboard siren , squealing tire and horn blast . fade in : ext . highway - day we're in the midst of a high -speed pursuit -- Mike 's brand new Ferrari rocketing through traffic . int . ferrari - same the flash siren of cruiser light up Mike 's face . mike better tell fhp this be we before they start shootin’ the tire . as Mike rip back over the median , the engine roar at a downshift and the speedometer drop . 112 . marcus that 's it !? you slow down ? mike I be do 85 in a school zone . marcus eighty-five ? man , I use to know a cop name Mike lowrey . do not even sober up ' till he hit a hundred . Mike shoot through a red light ; car skid in he wake . marcus ( cont 'd ) School kid , crossing guard , they would be stick in the fender . you still the baddest cop ? drive like it ! ext . SMALL house - lummus - moment later the Ferrari screech to a stop . Mike and Marcus bomb out . rush up . Marcus punch the door . marcus ( cont 'd ) Marcus burnett -- open up ! the door swing open . we expect a crack dealer or something , but instead we get a earthmother . Mike and Marcus be racing to get to the water birth of Marcus 's grandson . we see theresa be also there . mike congratulation . grandpa . theresa it 's a boy . it 's a boy , Marcus ! Marcus be humble . mike bad boy , bad boy , what 's chu gonna do ? marcus quit it , Mike . that shit be not appropriate no more . mike I gotta film this . Mike pull out Marcus 's camcorder ( which he will have take from the car ) and turn it on . we hear : theresa ( on the camera monitor ) oh sgt. burnett , yes , yes ! 113 . Marcus 's eye go wide like saucers . marcus oh fuck ! Mike immediately see the sex tape be of a much better quality than the previous version . no longer shaking . mike okay , finally some production value . marcus ( take the camera back ) I be gonna kick you ass . mike look like you do not need my help after all . Marcus kill the camera . end .