" bad santa " by Glenn ficarra &amp ; John requa revision by ethan coen &amp ; Joel coen Polish by Terry Zwigoff dimension film production draft - white February 1 , 2002 fade in : snow flake fall against a black sky . camera follows they downward to reveal ext . milwaukee bar - night it look like a warm cozy place out of " it 's a wonderful life " . the window be flock with fake snow , and hang with colorful Christmas light , wreath and ornament . camera push slowly in dissolve to : int . milwaukee bar - night camera continue movement in same direction title begin the barman , wiping down the counter , give a occasional semi-furtive glance toward the far end of the bar . other patron chat near the bartender and also give occasional glance toward the far end of the bar . it be early evening -- happy hour -- and the clientele be well - heele and sociable . a customer say something interrogative to the bartender , who look down the bar and shrug . reverse - camera continue movement ( Notes the combination of the high angle and the tilt of Santa 's head keep he face from be clearly reveal in this scene ) . sitting alone at the far end of the bar , give a wide berth by the other customer , a man ( willie ) stare morosely into he drink . the drink be clearly not he first . he wear a red velvet suit and red velvet hat with a white pom-pom . he have shiny black boot with red velvet trim . his long white beard be not real and be in fact pull down below he chin to facilitate drink . it expose heavy black stubble . sway slightly , he raise the drink to the vicinity of he lip . once it get close he must navigate it in with some effortful coordination . he take a sip and set the drink carefully back down . after another long , stare , morose beat , he start weep . it be loud , dolorous , and unself - conscious . ext . alleyway behind the milwaukee bar - night Santa stagger out the back door ... camera follows behind he still hide he face . Santa get about ten foot , then pause and lean with one hand against the alley wall , use the other to hold he pom - pom out of the way , and vomit . have vomit , and spit , he stagger off toward the street . supere title of the movie : bad santa int . santa orientation room - day a upbeat woman trainer preside over a half - dozen santas sit at school desk . on the blackboard the trainer be write out the sixth " Santa commandment " . santa's ten commandment 1 ) no alcoholic beverage before or during you shift . 2 ) know the name of you reindeer . 3 ) do not smoke in you costume . 4 ) no swear . 5 ) absolutely no flirt . 6 ) coax a smile from the child . 7 ) 8 ) 9 ) trainer ( as she write ) coax ... a... smile ... from ... the child . ( turn to face they ) remember , parent do not want photo where they child be not smile . some child may not want to smile . it be you job to coax a smile out of they . a good line to remember be : " Santa think everybody should be happy . can you smile for Santa ? " a camera can only copy a child 's smile -- it will take you to put it there . as she talk we CUT to : angle from behind one of the santas ( willie ) . his hand reach into a boot and pull out a pint of smirnoff . we follow up in c.u. to see this hand pour a few ounce into a can of Coke he hold behind he desk . trainer if the child will not smile , the photo elf will go ahead and take the picture anyway . now , it be a good Santa 's job to smile as well -- I know with the big white beard you smile will be partially hide , so you must learn to smile with you eye . they show warmth and can be very expressive . CUT to : willie' face as he finish off the can of Coke to reveal : he eye colder than that of a dead fish . trainer remember you have be choose for the star role of Santa Claus . you portrayal of this beloved character will have a major impact on every child you meet . keep in mind at all time that to they , you be not a man dress up like Santa , you be Santa . CUT back to : willie' face . his expression read : " please kill I " . ext . downtown milwaukee shopping district - night wintry night . Ray coniff 's " jolly ole Saint Nicholas " score view of the downtown blankete in snow and decorate for the holiday . it be Christmas Eve , and the sidewalk throng with people rush to do they last- minute shopping . a mother and she two absurdly bundle child emerge from the crowd . mother hurry boy , we be gonna miss Santa ! she drag they across the street toward the loom art - deco monolith that be the big-city department store . int . milwaukee department store - top floor - night mother and child crest the escalator to emerge on the top floor . older child there ! the older child be point at a prop gate with a candy - cane letter sign : to santa's workshop . he run and Mom shoos she young child to join he . the boy cross the threshold of the gate and they eye fill with wonder . a wind path cut through a flock and candy - stripe forest , past a workshop fill with mannequin - elve busily cobbling Christmas toy , and finally arrive at ... Santa , seat on he throne like a scarlet messiah . the young child stagger forward to join the line of a hundred other leaky - nose worshipper await a audience . at the head of the line the next wait child be escort to Santa 's chair by a smile tiny man ( marcus ) dress as a elf . int . milwaukee department store - MAIN floor - night a imitation back STREET boy quintet sing Christmas carol . grown-up busy themselves drain they wallet as a voice come over the intercom : intercom ( v.o. ) attention shopper : the store will be close in five minute . we hope tomorrow be a pleasant Christmas and thank you for shopping with we , you friend . purposeful haste eddyy the crowd . int . milwaukee department store - santa's workshop - night c.u. photo printing out the photo elf take the digital photo and present it to a mom . photo elf ( dutifully recite he spiel ) my , what a darling picture ! be you certain you only want the single ? additional photo come in handy as gift for grandma and grandpa or a wonderful remembrance for friend . mom that 's all right , I will just take the single . he take she credit card as camera move over to santa . on he knee be a young boy who whisper excitedly in he ear . santa ( disinterested ) uh-huh ... yeah ... do . Young Boy climb off and run away , a bratty kid jump up on Santa 's lap . bratty kid I see you in another mall . santa ( not even look at he ) right ... good for you . bratty kid you be not really Santa . if you be Santa you could do magic . santa ( look at he ) you want magic ? Santa push he off he lap and shove he on he way . santa there , I just make you disappear . Santa turn to he elf , santa ... that it ? the elf nod as he peel off a point prosthetic ear . Santa pull a fifth of Old grandad from the cushion of he throne . santa ... thank fuckin' Christ . he take a swig . int . milwaukee department store - night - later with the sound of close circuit , bank of light systematically shut down in the various department of the now empty store . int . milwaukee department store - exit area - night downstair the last of the store employee file out the door past a old security guard . eventually Santa emerge . security guard merry Christmas , Willie . santa up you ass . the guard chuckle . security guard have it you way , Willie . santa do not tell I which way to have it . the Security Guard head for a panel near the doorway and punch a key label arm . a l.e.d. readout label " arming " count down from 30 second . the guard exit the store , lock the door and head home . int . milwaukee department store - santa's workshop - night a large teddy bear sit under a Christmas tree . suddenly -' it move , bolt upright and sprinting from the room . int . milwaukee department store - downstair - night the alarm continue to count down -- 15 ... 14 ... the teddy bear slide down the space between the railing of the escalator . landing on its foot , it barrel toward the door . 10 ... 9 ... the teddy bear scramble for the door , crash into everything in its path . 7 ... 6 ... running past a clothing display , it rip the arm off a mannequin without break stride . 5 ... 4 ... it skid to a stop at the base of the alarm box , too short to reach the control . 2 ... it raise the mannequin arm , use the point finger on its hand to press the " cancel " key on the keypad . Mission accomplish , the teddy bear rip off its head to reveal he true identity : Santa 's elf -- in civilian life know as marcus skidmore . he be cover in sweat and panting like a asthmatic . int . milwaukee department store - shipping area - night a hasp flip open and Marcus swing the door wide to reveal a beer-guzzle santa-in- the-off -season know as willie T. soke . he finish the beer , crush the can and drop it to he foot next to eight more empty . willie ready . Marcus sneer at he as he lumber past : marcus Jesus . int . milwaukee department store - santa's workshop - night Marcus and Willie tear open the prop present on the workshop set and remove several tool . int . milwaukee department store - night Marcus reach into jewelry case and remove a few particular item . he drop they into a stock cart then check a type list before move on . Marcus push the cart through the store , gather a odd array of item that range from fur to gowns to shoe to makeup . int . milwaukee department store - back office - night Marcus arrive outside a doorway and look in to see Willie man a large water drill and put it to work on the store 's vault . marcus how 's it goin ' ? willie I be finish when I be finish . marcus I be goin ' downstairs ... ( refer to list ) I need a melon- bailer and a loofah . the drill suddenly revs higher , get Willie 's attention . willie get it . Marcus move closer as Willie pull back the drill on the track . he place a screwdriver into the expose lock assembly and hit it with a sledgehammer . suddenly , the door swing open and bundle cash spill to the floor . both man be impressed . marcus fuck the loofah , let 's go . ext . milwaukee department store - shipping dock - night Marcus and Willie wheel out two cart and roll they through the open door of a wait van . as they slam the door -- int . van - night Willie settles on the rear bench as Marcus get into the passenger seat next to he pillipina mail - order wife of several year , lois , who be dress in expensively ugly clothes , and whose mouth be ever down - turn in pruney distaste . lois Marcus , do you get the loofah ? marcus drive . ext . downtown milwaukee STREET - night the van speed away through the Christmas Eve night and disappear into the distance , like the down of a thistle . fade out : camera rocket into c.u. of a alarm clock ringing with a jolt . int . ratbag apartment - day Willie , in bed , blearily wake to the insistent alarm . he try to turn it off , but he finger be still clotted with sleep . in a series of frustrated grunt and groan he become more and more aggravate until , finally -- willie fuck you , you fucking piece of shit ! he bolt out of bed and throw the clock into the wall . he stoops for some beer bottle empty and hurl they at the clock debris . willie fuck you ! fuck you ! fuck you ! one final scream and it 's out of he system . he find one last bottle in he hand , half - full with a cigarette butt float in it . he downs the beer and step into the adjoin bathroom to brush he tooth . ext . key biscayne STREET - day Willie , sip a cup of coffee , meander down the street scratch he ass . ext . restaurant - day Willie 's walk bring he to a fancy eatery at lunchtime . as he pass , he casually snatch a handful of car key from the parking valet key - box and move on . as he round the corner into the lot he push on the various key fob , identify various car when they alarm chirp . he seem dissatisfied until a brand new cadillac chirp . Willie get in and drive off . int . cadillac - moving - day Willie drive . he reach over into the glove compartment and pull out the registration . he focus on the car owner 's address . int . upper -class home - hallway - day Willie , eat a corn dog , saunter down a opulent hallway , a beer swinging in one hand . int . upper -class home - bathroom - day in long shot , through the open door of a extravagant marble bathroom , we see Willie sit on the toilet , leaf through a magazine , beer bottle on the counter next to he . pant around he ankle . int . upper -class home - bathroom - minute later Willie , stand by the toilet , finish buckle he belt and flip the flush lever . nothing happen ; no whoosh of rush water . Willie , look down into the toilet , give the lever a couple more clanking try , and then grab he beer and amble off . int . upper -class home - study - day suck on he beer , Willie pace the periphery of the room , methodically knock painting after painting off the wall . int . upper -class home - master bedroom - day Willie arrive in the bedroom still knock down painting until , finally , he expose a wall safe . a smile , and he pull out a stethoscope . CUT to : the safe door swing open to reveal stack of cash . int . strip bar - night Willie scratch a lottery ticket . he 's now wear a rolex and some gaudy ring . willie goddamn it ! he reach for another one and we see that on the bartop in front of he be neat stack of lottery ticket as yet unscratch , and a untidy jumble of scratch one . on the other side of the bar a middle - aged stripper vie for he attention . Willie 's ticket hit for $ 5.00 . willie yeah baby ! he tuck it into the stripper 's g-string , swig a drink , and resume scratch . int . ratbag apartment - night Willie and the stripper stagger into he apartment , drunk . as he pass he blink answer machine : willie I get message . go wash yourself . stripper I be a dancer , I sweat . willie well you smell like a bum 's nutsack . stripper fuck you . willie yeah , yeah . as she exit , he activate the machine . voice ( v.o. ) Mr. soke , this be Andrew Kaplan again from the collection agency -- boop ! Willie skip to the next message . another voice ( v.o. ) Willie , I do not care man , I be not look to blame anyone , but that diamond be not a real stone , man . I take it to -- boop ! Willie skip to the next message . woman' voice ( v.o. ) uh , hello , this be helen axelrod -- you run into my car last week ? well I call State farm but they have no record of any insurance policy for you and -- boop ! Willie skip to the next message . marcus ' voice ( v.o. ) Willie , it 's Marcus . it 's that time of year again . pack you shit . Phoenix . CUT to : ext . phoenix , arizona - day to the chimey chord of " sleigh ride , " we see Phoenix , Arizona in montage / dress for Christmas but sweltering under its oppressive winter heat . ext . saguaro square mall - parking lot - day through the heat ripple rise off the pavement two mirage - like figure cross the infinite asphalt of the saguaro Square mall parking lot -- Willie and Marcus in Santa and elf regalia , sweat and panting in the heat . Willie polish off a pint of smirnoff 's and flip it towards a nearby trash can . it miss and break loudly on the pavement . marcus Jesus Christ ! can you maybe keep it together for just ten minute ?! he pull some tic tacs out of he pocket . marcus for cry out loud , chew a few of this ... you drunken , fuckin ' imbecile ! anchore the huge mall complex be the large and upscale Chamberlain 's Department store . int . chamberlain be - MAIN floor - day amid the bustle of holiday shopping , a angry heavy - set man with a Grizzly Adams beard stomp away from the pursue store manager , Bob chipeska . chipeska Harrison , please I just let I explain . financially , the -- harrison you get what you pay for , chipeska ! five christmase I have give my heart -- my soul -- my love to this kid , and now what ? now you flip I for some stranger who will do it for peanut and happen to work with a real midget ! lemme tell you something : nobody care ! nobody come here for the elf , Santa 's the attraction ! I do burl ive song ; do this schmoe even play guitar ? chipeska Harrison , it 's not the money or the midget . believe I , if it be , I -- I do not think they like " midget " . I think you be suppose to call they -- harrison aw , forget it ! Harrison stomp away and right toward Marcus and Willie as they enter the store . harrison ... hack ! Willie and Marcus stop in they track and watch the burly man storm out . Bob chipeska watch with they . chipeska hi. Bob chipeska . I , please , I , uh -- please do not listen to he . great resume and photo by the way . marcus thanks ... you know , we be at this a long time a ' all , so we like to think we do a good job ... a beautiful girl wear skin-tight pants walk by , catch Willie 's eye . he stare wantonly at she ass , off in he own little world . chipeska you two be the best man for the job . truly . so do not let he ... unpleasantness affect you performance in any way . marcus oh no , we be fine , with -- willie ( irk , snap out of he daydream ) performance ? Willie 's reaction worry Marcus . chipeska yea . you performance ... you know , the ... willie performance . like sexual ? chipeska Excuse I ? marcus Willie no , he -- willie you say there 's something wrong with my gear ? marcus Willie ... chipeska I be sorry . you gear ? willie you know ... fuck stick . marcus okay ! we be gonna head upstairs now . Marcus shove Willie , who stalk off . Marcus linger to smooth thing over . he force a grin and shake he head . marcus such a card . chipeska he 's not gonna say " fuck stick " in front of the child , be he ? marcus no , no , no . joke . adult joke . for we . adult . a long , long , long silence . marcus ... joke . another beat . Marcus pantomime helpless laughter , noiselessly throw he head back and hold he gut as it heave with mirth . he be instantly compose . int . chamberlain be - winter wonderland - day on a upper floor of Chamberlain 's the theme be " the Desert as Winter wonderland . " cacti and tumbleweed be wrap with light and flock with snow , and a team of nine stuff burros be hitched to a sleigh . rudolfo the Red nosed burro be tend by several Santa 's elf mannequin . one in cowboy wear and another in a poncho and sombrero . again there be a line of wait child . Marcus make he way through the line as kid gasp and cheer . he play to the crowd . marcus merry Christmas ! Santa 's come ! yayyyyyy ! Marcus get to the head of the line , duck under the velvet rope and go behind the flimsy cardboard set . Willie sit there morosely , head slump , forearm on knee , red velvet hang limply from one hand . marcus what the fuck you do , " fuck stick " in front of the boss ? willie I do not like that guy . he take a bottle from the floor by he foot and swig off it . Marcus stare at he . marcus you do not like any guy . you think I can not find another portly motherfuck can run a water drill ? Willie just slump there apologetically . marcus do not tempt my hand . you blow this and we be break for the year . so stop act like you know something because , pal of mine , you do not know squat . you be gum on my shoe . willie yeah , yeah . marcus now put on you fuckin ' hat and get out there . he grab the hat , slam it into Willie 's chest and , as Willie rise , kick he in the ass . Willie just take it , shambling off . marcus ( cont 'd ... and try to act professional . for chrissake ! ext . saguaro square mall - parking lot - day on the outskirt of the saguaro Square mall 's parking lot a city bus stop with a hiss . the door swing open to reveal a pathetic EIGHT - year -old kid , overweight , snot - nose , badly dress and probably smell of pee . as the kid near the mall entrance he pass a group of older child do skateboard stunt . they notice he . kid loser ! one of they throw a empty can that hit he in the head . the kid walk on , it seem without notice . the bully , dishearten by the lack of reaction , go back to they skateboard . int . chamberlain be - winter wonderland - day Marcus lead a large heavyset boy over to the throne . the boy eat a chocolate ice cream cone which be smear all over he mouth and T-shirt . Marcus lift he with effort and a groan onto Willie 's lap . willie all right , wuddya want ? heavyset boy nintendo Deer Hunter 3. willie Fine . next . the heavyset boy hop off onto Willie 's foot by mistake . willie yowwwch ! watch the toenail willya ? Marcus put a young girl on he lap . she look up at he in awe . willie ... wuddya want ? little girl ... Santa ? willie yeah , c'mon , c'mon , wuddya want ? little girl um ... barbie ? willie Fine . next . Marcus put another young boy on he lap . willie ... what do you want ? boy fraggle-stick car . willie ( to himself ) fuck be that ? ( back to the kid ) Fine , whatever , next . no one be next . willie ... next . next ! still nothing . willie ... next , goddamnit ! let 's move it along -- this be not the dmv ! Marcus walk over to the rope . the snot - nose kid be next in line , freeze by fear . Marcus pull on he hand . marcus it 's okay . c'mon . the kid stay put . marcus what 's you name ? the kid shake he head meekly . marcus ... you can tell I ... no response . marcus ... how about Santa ? if you do not tell he , you will not get a present . this penetrate the kid 's fear . he move . marcus ... that 's right . let 's tell Santa . Marcus lead the kid up to the throne and place he on Willie 's lap . willie what do you want ? c'mon , wuddya want ? a snot rag ? the kid just stare , motionless except for the flow rivulet of snot . Willie can not help but stare at it . willie ( to himself ) ... another fuckin ' mongoloid . ( shout ) Marcus I get he outta here before he piss on I . suddenly the kid be move to yank Willie 's beard . he hold it stretch below Willie 's chin . willie ( whisper to the kid ) ... let it go , you little bastard . kid it 's not real . willie it be real . the hair fall out when I get sick . kid how would you get sick ? willie I love a woman who be not clean . kid Mrs. Santa ? willie no , she sister . ( whisper through clench tooth ) let the fuck thing go . kid what 's it like at the North pole ? willie like the suburb . kid which one ? willie Apache Junction . what the fuck do you care ? Willie shove the kid : willie get the hell off my lap . the kid back away , look at he . kid you be really Santa , right ? willie no . no , I be a accountant . I wear this as a fuck fashion thing . kid okay . the kid back away in awe , never break he reverent stare . as Marcus help the next child onto Santa 's lap Willie hiss at he : willie get that kid out of here , he 's freaking I out . ext . chamberlain be - night the kid sit on a bench watch the entrance to chamberlain . after a beat Willie and Marcus walk out in costume and cross toward the parking lot . the kid follow from a safe distance . ext . saguaro mall - parking lot - night Willie and Marcus walk across the huge empty parking lot , follow at a great distance by the kid . they arrive at they car -- Marcus ' van and a beat - up old Chrysler that be Willie 's -- park next to each other . as the kid creep closer , he be able to hear they conversation . Willie motion to the Black angus in the parking lot . willie I gotta get a drink on . see ya tomorrow . marcus just do not come in to work stinkin ' of booze again . willie do not worry about I . get go , you will be late for you wizard of Oz candy bar Guild thing . marcus lollipop Guild , asshole . Jesus , two year old flip I shit better and you . willie you tryin ' to say something to I ? marcus ( pause , then deliberately ) yeah . I be gonna stick my whole fist up you ass . int . black angus bar - night a large faux rustic bar fill to capacity with loosen - tie middle - management . cramme at the far end of the bar , Willie stand out like a sore thumb in this thirty - ish crowd . we follow he gaze all around the perimeter of the room until it connect with the drunken , glower face of a hindustani troublemaker , sit right across from he , startling Willie for a moment . Willie regains he composure , then give the guy a puzzle look back , and amused by the guy 's unflinch anger , raise he glass in a toast to he as if to say , " whatever ... cheer , you nutcase " , and turn back to he drink . the man stand up and , never release he stare , move right up to Willie , two inch from he face . Willie look up . troublemaker ( Hindi accent ) listen here buddy , let I make yourself perfectly clear . we do not like you kind come around here in you red silk and satin clothes with you hunger for same - sex relationship . consider yourself warn . willie well fu-uck you ! troublemaker I know that 's what you would like to do ! Willie gear up for a swing . willie up yours , yufff -- a hand grab he arm . voice ( o.s. ) do not . Willie follow the hand to find a mature but attractive barmaid ( sue ) , a outdoorsy western beauty . her eye and Willie 's lock -- a source of sardonic amusement for the troublemaker . troublemaker oh save by a woman , mister no- pussy - please man ! he stalk off . sue he be not worth it , sugar . he get hit on last week . do not sit too well . troublemaker what be you staring at !? by the bathroom , the troublemaker be in another man 's face : troublemaker ... this be not flagstaff ! sue another grandad , Santa ? willie yep . she pour he another and slam it on the bar . sue get a name ? willie oh yeah . he pound the drink . she wait . nothing else be forthcoming . sue what do you do ? I mean , after the holiday ? willie nothing ' till March . then I be the Easter Bunny . sue ... another ? willie why not . buy you one ? sue why not . she pour two . they both pound they back . her statement be a question : sue ... not a big talker . willie Nah . sue buy you one ? willie why not . as she pour : sue you be pretty regular , for a Santa . he shrug : willie it 's my job , no big deal . I be a eat , drink , shitting , fuck Santa Claus . sue prove it . Willie stare at she . willie which ? int . willie' car - parking lot - night Willie be on top of the barmaid , humping she , still in he Santa suit . his pom- pom bob in rhythm with he thrust . willie yes ! yes ! yes ! sue fuck I , Santa ! fuck I , Santa ! the hat be slip askew . he reach for it . willie at least lemme take off the hat ! sue no ! ext . saguaro square mall - parking lot - night in the parking lot the barmaid finish straighten she clothes and touch up she lipstick in the rearview mirror . Willie , lean against he car , still in he Santa suit , fire up a post- coital cigarette . sue I get a thing for Santa Claus , I do not know , I guess it 's from early childhood . willie ( take a swig ) yeah , so 's my thing for tit . sue maybe because my parent be jewish and never celebrate Christmas . Santa be sort of forbidden , you know ? she get out of the car . sue I like you . most of the people around here be pretty uptight . my name be Sue . here 's my number . she hand he the slip of paper and amble off , call back over she shoulder : sue ... do not mothball that suit ! Willie , nodd understanding , turn to reach for he car door and -- troublemaker I am not gay !! -- the accompany pan over bring in the scream homophobe . willie whoa - Jesus ! all right buddy , that 's it ... troublemaker buddy ? I say , I be not gay ! willie look , what 's the problem pal , you go off you med ? the man stare at he for a beat . troublemaker ... yes , but this be not about that ! you be queer as a ten dollar bill . willie now you listen . my brother lose a arm fight you people in Vietnam , so I want you to take a good hard look at this face ... Willie pull back a fist . willie ...' cause it 's the last fuckin ' thing you be gonna see before I knock you head off and sh -- whack -whack -whack-whack-whack ! the man surprise Willie with a flurry of effective punch . in moment , Willie be on the lose end of homosexual panic . troublemaker who be the bitch now , fat man ?! piping voice ( o.s. ) leave Santa alone ! the troublemaker stop and look down to find the kid beat on he leg . troublemaker please little boy , I be do this for all of we ! Willie get a chance to regain composure . he wipe the blood from he mouth , raise he fist and ... promptly collapse . troublemaker I think he have finish he cruise for tonight , hm ? the hindustani hothead wander off . the kid shuffles over to the prone Willie . willie you . int . willie' car - moving - night the kid sit in the front seat next to Willie who drive , stewing . willie this one time I take you home . kid uh-huh . willie I be not you fuckin ' dada . kid uh-huh . willie it 's not as if you help out with that nut - job . kid uh-huh . willie and you be right there to grab he fuckin ' ball . kid uh-huh . willie right height . kid yeah . Willie demonstrate with a sharp turn of he hand : willie twist them . kid why do you need a car ? willie ... fuck you talkin ' about ? kid this car . willie whuh . which turn be it ? kid Sage Terrace . where 's you sleigh ? Willie answer absently , he head slightly duck and he eye darting side to side , check for road sign : willie repair . in the shop . kid where be the reindeer ? willie I stable them . be it gonna be leave or right ? kid ( point leave ) that way . where 's the stable ? willie next to the shop . kid how do they sleep ? willie who -- the reindeer ? stand up . kid but the noise , how do they sleep ? willie what noise ? kid from the shop . willie they , uh , they only work during the day . kid I think it be always night at the North pole . willie not now . now it 's always day . kid then how do they sleep ? willie well , they -- will you puh - leeez shut the fuck up ! how the fuck do know ?! i'm gonna -- whoa ! Sage Terrace ! he make a hard leave . willie ... what be it with you ? somebody drop you on you fuck head ? kid on my head ? willie what , be they gonna drop you on somebody else 's head ? kid how can they drop I onto my own head ? willie not onto you own h -- be you fucking with I ? ext . the kid be house - night Willie escort the kid along a long walkway that lead to the front door of a large , opulent , new -money southwestern home . Willie admire the surroundings . willie Nice dig . daddy home ? kid he 's on a adventure ' sploring mountain . he be go a long time . willie explore mountain ? when 's he come back ? kid next year . willie what about mommy ? kid she life in God 's house with Jesus and Mary and the ghost and the long - ear donkey and Joseph and the talk walnut . willie who the fuck take care of you then ? kid granma . willie ( hatching a idea ) really ... what 's she name ? kid granma . as the kid let himself in Willie pull out a black ski mask and put it on he head like a stock cap . willie uh-huh . be granny spry ? he unroll the mask to cover he face and take out a blackjack . int . the kid be house - night Willie enter the foyer as the kid walk into the adjoin room . he approach a figure in a la-z - Boy watch tv . kid granma , Santa 's here . be you spry ? grandma rise from she chair with the assistance of she walker and begin to move toward Willie . she wear a bathrobe and thick glass and have another pair of glass on a chain around she neck . grandma Roger ! you be home . let I fix you some sandwich . he watch as the senile old woman innocently putter away . he yank off he mask and turn to the kid . willie so you be tellin ' I no one else be here ? the kid shake he head . willie ... no aunt , no uncle , no cousin ? the kid shake he head . willie ... butler , security guard ? nothin ' ? kid nuh-uh . this sink in . Willie look to the kid . willie daddy get a safe ? int . the kid be house - study - night the sound of a tumbler trip and , suddenly , light sweep in as the safe door open to reveal a smile Willie with he stethoscope in he ear . in the foreground a few stack of cash and a folio . Willie reach in . Willie grab the folio and flip through it . insurance form , deed , Social Security card , birth certificate , etc. , all bear the name of the kid 's father , Roger merman . nothing of value . he put the folio back , grab the cash . kid you need money to fix you sleigh ? willie huh ? yeah , whateverthefuck ... kid you want milk and cookie ? Willie bend down and face the kid with a smile . willie daddy get a car ? ext . the kid be house - night at the cut a new mercede screech through the frame and , as we hear it recede , we be leave look at the kid , who stand at the curb , wave happily . kid bye Santa ! int . chamberlain be - security office - night close - up : the glow ash of a cigarette burn down . the inhale last as long as comic timing will allow -- about six or seven second . angle on : a wiry , hard - bitten , sun - baked saddlebag of a man , gin slagel sit behind he cluttere desk suck on a filterless pall mall . we can hear he in - take breath rattling over and around the phlegm , growth , and polyp that line he embattle trachea . his word come out on a exhale cloud chamber 's worth of smoke : gin " fuck stick " ? Bob chipeska sit opposite . chipeska yes , I think it be strange too , but you know , I , I , I , I , uh , I , he little friend promise he would not say it in front of the child . which be fine because , you know , urn , there 's a adult world and a child 's world and that 's okay . I be not a censor . gin Little friend ? chipeska yes , a , a , a dwarf . or midget ... a , a , I do not know what he 's call exactly but ... a little guy . Little . billy barty . God rest . but thin finger . not the fat sausage finger . gin " Little people , " that 's what they like . chipeska ah , yes , right . gin so " fuck stick , " that 's all ? chipeska well , no , there be something else ... int . chamberlain be - women be big and tall - ( earlier ) chipeska walk by a cashier station carry some paperwork he 's absorb in , but hear some faint groans that make he pause . curious , he head in the direction of the sound . they be come from the dress room area . chipeska curiously make he way towards a corridor of dress room . chipeska ( v.o. ) ... a couple of day ago I be in woman 's Big &amp ; tall ? -- a sign read : " Three Times a Lady " . int . chamberlain be - dressing room area - ( earlier ) he go down a corridor of dress room . chipeska ( v.o. ) and I hear this , urn , you know , this ... noise . the sound of throttling lust build in volume . he follow he ear until he arrive at a dress room door . a Big or tall woman within scream with pleasure : female voice ( o.s. ) oh yeah ! oh yeah ! willie' voice ( o.s. ) yeah ! yeah ! you be not gonna shit right for a week ! he look underneath and spot black Santa boot with red velvet pants around the ankle . int . chamberlain be - security office - night Bob chipeska hold up one hand . chipeska now do not get I wrong . I be against the Clinton impeachment . what a man do with he penis -- oval Office , woman 's Big &amp ; tall -- it 's not for the american people to say . gin right . chipeska but when you be deal with child , a tender sensibility , a position of trust -- then perhaps , someone who have scream orgasm with large woman -- gin mm. chipeska though I can not fire he for that . gin no . chipeska sizisra . they would say . gin sure . chipeska not true . I be no siziat . but I can see the picket line now . gin yeah , a big fuckin ' fat one . chipeska they would all say , if it have be a supermodel or , uh ... gin heeyeah . unfair practice . a lot of special plead . bitch , bitch , bitch . fuckin ' broad . chipeska but -- I can not help it -- the guy make I uneasy . gin well sure . Santa fuckin ' someone in the ass . chipeska so maybe there 's something I could fire he for . gin yeah . yeah . I getcha . chipeska do you ? do you think you could find something ? gin oh shit yeah . there 's always something . int . sagauro square mall - video arcade - night Pov through the arcade 's window show Willie talk in pantomime to a young girl -- a very young girl -- at one of the pinball machine . Willie have he hand out to either side and be either demonstrate the kind of body English to apply to the machine , or else be describe a elaborate sexual encounter -- either recall or prospective . the girl , giggle . a reverse show Marcus halt at the arcade window stare in with disbelief that give way to jaw - grind anger : marcus ... motherfucker ... oh , you lousy fuck motherfuck ... ext . sagoaro square mall - parking lot - night Willie and Marcus walk to they car . marcus that 's just the kinda shit that 's gonna get we pinch ! willie ( apologetic ) she say she be eighteen . marcus you promise no arcade ! you say you would only hustle Big &amp ; tall ! willie ah , it 's like shoot fish in a barrel -- there 's no sport , marcus how many time , you fuck ? " the bigger the store , the bigger the take . " well , we can not work the big store with you big fuck train wreck ! willie ( pull out he key ) you get some nerve you little shit ya ! you my mom now ?! you shat I out you womb , be that it ? you gotta take care of I !? well I can take care of myself and I do not need no lecture ! I know how to keep a low profile ! boop - boop ! Willie use he key fob to deactivate the car alarm to the mercede . marcus what the fuck be this ?! willie mind you own fuck business . Willie open the door and a avalanche of beer bottle empty tumble out , roll everywhere . marcus you cocksucker ! Willie start the engine and pull out , and Marcus yell to the recede car : marcus ... ever hear of the OPEN -bottle law ?! ( then , to himself ) -- you dumb dipshit motherfucker ! ext . residence motel - night Willie park the mercede in the front of a rundown motel complex . he walk past hooker and junky until he get to he unit . he pull out he key and just as he 's about to insert it in the lock he see a flashlight beam shine inside the window . surprise , he back off cautiously and press up against the wall . someone inside be rifling the room . Willie hiss at a nearby hooker : willie opal , come here . opal look at he with disdain . opal screw you , Willie -- last time I do not shit right for a week . willie no , not that -- come here ! reluctantly , she sidle over . willie who the fuck 's in my room , do you see someone go into my fuckin ' room ? opal yeah some guy askin ' ' boutcha -- look like a cop . willie ah fuck . int . marcus ' apartment - night Marcus be on the phone with Willie . marcus what guy ?! you get a look at he ? intercut : ext . residence motel - night Willie be at a pay phone . willie no , I think it 's a cop though . you think someone 's onto we ? marcus be there anything in the room ? anything professional ? willie no. clothes . marcus just ditch . you get anywhere to sack out for a while ? int . the kid be house - foyer - night the kid swing the door open to Willie , who stand on the stoop hold a small grip . kid Santa ! willie yeah . kid you be bring my present early ? willie no . kid but I never tell you what I want . willie I say I do not bring it , dipshit . kid okay . good . I want a stuff elephant . a pink one . willie yeah , well ... he brushes past the kid into the house , eye darting this way and that . willie ... wish in one hand and shit in the other , see which fill up faster . kid okay . the kid follow Willie like a puppy dog as Willie check out the house , bump open door , look around . willie I be gonna be stay here a while . thing be all fuck up at the North pole . Mrs. Santa , she ... she walk in on I fuckin ' she sister . so I be out on my fuckin ' ass . she 's take half of everything ... this will do . int . the kid be house - master bedroom - night Willie have discover the master bedroom , by appearance long unused . he toss he grip onto the double bed . willie ... I be gonna crash here . you and I , like , you know , bachelor . kid do you and Mrs. Santa have kid ? willie no . thank the fuck Christ . kid what about the elve ? willie yeah , well , they . they stay with Mrs. Santa . I get them on weekend . run I a bath , will ya ? kid what about the reindeer ? willie ( plead ) do not start with the fuck reindeer . int . the kid be house - master bathroom - night the kid sit on a stool , hand on he knee , stare , motionless . finally : kid ... what be they name ? Willie lie in the tub , also motionless , a wet washcloth over he face , finger of one hand rest against a tumbler fill with ice and amber liquid that sit on the edge of the tub . from under he washcloth : willie ... who ? kid the elve . willie ( to himself ) oh , fuck ... ( then , to the kid ) I -- I can not remember ... sneezy , and dopey -- kid that 's the Seven dwarve . willie shit , be that not ...? I just -- fuck , I do not know , I will just say , hey , bub -- look , I ... he drag the washcloth off he face and look at the kid . willie ... fuck I ! I don't know this fucking shit ! why be everything a fucking test with you ?! the kid look at he , unperturb . kid -- how old be they ? int . the kid be house - master bedroom - night Willie stagger in , a towel around he waist , the empty rock glass in one hand , a bottle tuck under the other arm , the kid trot after . kid you want cookie ? willie no . kid warm milk ? willie no . Willie carefully , carefully put glass and bottle down on the nightstand and slowly raise both hand in a " do not ... move " gesture to keep they from fly off . kid should I fix you some sandwich ? willie what be with the fix sandwich ? no. satisfied that the bottle and glass be not go anywhere , Willie climb unsteadily onto the bed and stare at the ceiling . kid okay . you want anything else ? willie no . as soon as the bed stop move I be go to sleep ... kid okay . willie ... wake I up ... when the little hand be on the ... a long beat . the rag breath of drunken sleep . kid okay . int . chamberlain be - MAIN floor - scarf area - day Marcus 's wife lois stand in front of a mirror , try on a cashmere scarf . her look of pruney disapproval be in place , as ever . she take off the scarf and write something in a small spiral notebook ... saleswoman can I help you , mar 'am ? lois just look . across the store , she spy the jewelry counter . int . chamberlain be - MAIN floor - jewelry area - day lois stand look intently down through the glass case in pruney disapproval . salesman help you with anything , mar 'am ? without bother to look up : lois just look . as he drift away she take out she spiral notebook and make more note . int . saguaro square mall - food court - night Willie and Marcus nosh on food - court gyros . willie fuck I ? fuck you ! marcus you can not just take up with some kid ! you do not know who 's around , what they do ! willie you get some nerve you little shit ya . you my mom now ?! you shat I out you -- marcus you say that last night you stupid fuck ! willie ah , shit ! fuck you ! lois appear with a salad on a tray and a look of pruney disapproval . she sit next to Marcus and , in the way of old couple comfortable with each other , he rest a hand on she knee and continue to talk , ignore she , while she pick through she salad , ignore he . marcus you be by far the dumbest most pathetic piece of maggot - eat shit that have ever sly from God 's gild ass ! what if the kid have one of that fuck play - date they have now ? willie you shittin ' I ?! he do not have fuck friend ! not even a imaginary one ! unless he get ditch by he ! he 's just a fuckin ' misfit ! live with he grandma who sit drool in front of the tv ! every once in a while she get up to play soccer with she tit ! what , she 's go ' rat I out ? she do not know she ass from last Tuesday ! Marcus think a moment . marcus you fuck she ? willie Jesus ! why be everything sex with you ? marcus with I ? I fuck one person , I be not out there serial fornicate , try to float my liver ! drinkin ' myself silly ' cause I can not stand what a piece of shit I be ! lois , chew on she salad , notice someone walk by with a Chamberlain 's bag . she glance in as the person pass and , still chew , get out she notebook and jot something down . willie what be you , fuckin' sigmund saw - off Freud ? the shrunken fuckin ' shrink ? marcus yeah , that 's right , shit - for-brain , talk about my height . make it about something safe . ' Cause you be a emotional fuck cripple . you soul be dog shit . every single fuckin ' thing about you be ugly . willie yeah ? well ... fuck you . Marcus and lois get up to leave . marcus I have see anal wart more attractive than you . they walk off . Willie sit there for a moment . go back to eat he hamburger . a woman come up with she toddler in tow . woman oh , look who 's here Jimmy ! it 's Santa ! let 's tell he what you want for Christmas . willie ( shouting , food fly out of he mouth ) I 'm on my fucking lunch break here ! woman ( put she hand over the toddler 's ear ) be you insane ?!! how dare you talk like that in front of a child ! the management be go to hear about this ... I be go to have you fire ! willie that 's a threat ? you think you can make my life any worse , you go ahead , be my fuck guest ! he throw he hamburger back down on he tray and storm off , leave the woman shocked . int . the kid be house - live room - night Willie and the kid sit opposite each other over a game of checker . Willie scowl as the kid think for a eternity about he next move . the silence be deafen . Endless . then ... click ! click ! click ! click ! click ! kid King I . Willie stare at the board for a long beat . he leap up scream and fling the board across the room . willie fuck you ! you fucking cheater ! Willie throw checker one by one against the wall , punctuate each throw with a insult . willie Son of a bitch ! ... you lousy ... stinken ... rotten ... cheating ... no good ... angle on kid 's face , unfaze , still smile . int . the kid be house - kide bedroom - night later . the kid lie in bed , sleep peacefully . distant sound of the slosh of water . ext . the kid be house - back yard - night churn water . the sloshing of water be now accompany by a rhythmic slapping sound . Willie bang Sue in the jacuzzi . he be wear he Santa hat . sue yes ! yes ! yes santa yes ! int . the kid be house - live room - night two tall water glass be set down on a sideboard . willie ( o.s. ) refill ? sue ( o.s. ) mm. a splash of orange juice be dollope into each of the glass , and then both be fill to the top with vodka . wider on the live room reveal Sue look around . her speech -- and Willie 's -- be somewhat impair : sue Nice place you get . need a bit of a woman 's touch , but it 's really nice . willie it 's okay . just rent . Sue accept she refill glass and sit on the sofa . sue thanks ... so how long will you -- urn ... she reach down to fish under she ass in the sofa cushion , and pull out a red checker . she dully inspect it . sue ... how long you gonna be here ? willie through the holiday . Sue flip the checker away . sue so what 's the thing , you like kid ? willie fuck no ! whaddya think I be some kind of pervert ? sue wha ? I be talk about you be Santa . he sway , look at she . willie oh . no , see , the thing be ... I be not really Santa . blearily she gaze back . after a moment : sue oh. ( pause ) ... well -- still -- I gotta thing for you anyway -- c'mere ... he lean down to kiss she . int . the kid be house - foyer - night the door open to reveal Sue on she way out . Willie sway in the foyer , a three - quarter - empty bottle of Old grandad in hand . sue so I will see you soon I guess , right ? willie yeah , I be gonna send you some flower . Real good expensive one . he close the door . he then tip back the bottle and polish it off with a series of quick gulp . ever so daintily , he put the bottle down . a beat later -- wham ! he faint dead away , hit the floor like a fell tree . fade out : faintly , distantly , a blood-curdling scream . fade in : int . the kid be house - foyer / hallway - morning Willie wake on the floor to the sound of the scream . willie whuh ... he look blearily up and immediately grab he head , feel he hangover . follow he ear he head toward the hall . he pass grandma . grandma Roger ! you be home ! let I fix you some sandwich . a bedroom door crash open and the kid emerge scream and run right into Willie . he immediately carom off and go scream down the hall . willie what the ... he look down at he T-shirt . there be a bloody palm - print on he stomach . he turn the corner to the hall , there be a row of fresh , bloody palm - print down one side of the hall . the kid , scream , be just disappear at the far end . Willie follow . int . the kid be house - kitchen - morning Willie enter . the kid be scream , jump up and down and clutching one hand -- the bloody one -- with the other . willie what the fuck do you do ? he go up and try to yank the hand , which the hysterical kid yank away . willie ... lemme look at it . what the fuck happen ? as Willie drag he to the sink and run water over the cut , the kid take great gulp breath and finally manage to say : kid ... I cut myself by mistake . Willie grab a vodka bottle stand open on the counter and liberally pour some on the hand . the kid shriek . willie I forget to tell ya , that will sting . okay now ! the kid yank he hand away and run off scream . Willie be leave alone in the middle of the kitchen . willie ... well fuck . he call after the boy , sincerely try to help : willie ... Don ' t you want I to wrap it in a T-shirt or something ? ext . saguaro square mall - parking lot - morning it be early morning and the parking lot be empty except for Marcus ' van . the mercede eventually pull in , parking beside he . window roll down . in the driver 's seat , Marcus look up from he watch with a scowl . marcus you be late . van door Marcus throw open the back of the van , revealing the component of the water drill in various prop gift box . Willie wear a forbearing smile : willie kid , lemmme tell ya ... he shake he head and chuckle as Marcus toss he a empty red Santa sack . willie ... they will run ya rag . Marcus stare . ext . chamberlain be - entrance - morning jesse , the security guard unlock the door and open up for Willie and Marcus . they enter in costume . Willie lug the fill sack and seem to be strain . jesse Morning boy . marcus Morning jesse . jesse ( to Willie ) Ho ! Ho ! Ho ! Willie pants under the weight of he bag : willie up you ass . ext . saguaro square mall - parking lot - morning as Willie and Marcus enter the store gin slagel drive by they car , carefully note they tag . int . chamberlain be - winter wonderland - day Willie drop the bag with a loud thud . willie GOD dammit ! marcus you tear you ball again ? willie no , it 's okay . together they unload the extremely heavy gift . marcus let 's do the other thing . Willie follow Marcus behind the wonderland backdrop . Marcus point to a air duct in the ceiling . marcus there . Willie crouch and Marcus climb on he shoulder . int . chamberlain be - AIR duct - day the duct pop open and Marcus climb in , shimmy down to a junction and continue on . int . chamberlain be - customer service office - day a long row of cubicle , each one occupy with customer service Operators . as they work , the loud squeak and pop metal sound of a dwarf crawl through a duct be hear above they . each operator in succession note the racket , look up curiously as the sound pass overhead . suddenly , the sound stop . everyone return to work . then ... squeak ! pop ! squeak ! the sound resume . the operator look up again as the noise fade away . int . chamberlain be - surveillance room - day the sound continue until Marcus ' face appear at the ceiling duct of a unmanned surveillance room . he focus on the wall of a hundred identical vcr and squint to see the brand name : sony hvr-3200 . ext . electronics store - day lois exit a electronics store with a box sling under she arm , she mouth turn down in pruney disapproval . she place the box on the hood of she car and we see its printing sony hvr-3200 . she open the box , fish out the remote , then toss the box and vcr into a nearby trash can . ext . arizona state prison - day gin slagel walk through the main gate of the heavily fortify penitentiary , leave a huge trail of cigarette smoke . int . prison - waiting room - day gin slagel sit , smoking and wait with family member and lawyer . a guard enter and motion . guard alright gin , come on . int . prison - visitors ' room - day gin sit down in one of the booth across from a middle - age prisoner . prisoner who be you ? gin you name Roger merman ? prisoner yes , but -- gin do three - to-six for embezzlement ? prisoner ... many accounting question be not cut - and -dry -- gin you live at 41 Sage Terrace ? prisoner ( suddenly tense ) be it granma ? be my son alright ? gin they be fine . do you have any house guest ? the man be bewilder : prisoner ... House guest ? gin thanks much for you time . God bless . he get up and walk away . prisoner ... who be you ? who be you ? int . chamberlain be - security office - day gin sit at he desk suck in a pall mall filterless . Bob chipeska sit opposite . finally gin exhales like a crematorium . gin well , it 's fuck . chipeska ( hopeful ) ... yeah ? gin yeah . fucked . frankly . chipeska he 's ... gin clean . chipeska ( disappointed ) oh. gin as a fuckin ' whistle . chipeska nothing ? gin no. nothing . I mean , shit , he curse , yeah . but never around child . chipeska oh . gin no criminal record , no parking ticket f' Christ 's sake , no bad habit , even . sex , yeah . but man be a sexual be . chipeska yeah . gin fuckin ' darwinian . can not do shit about that , Jack . chipeska no . gin would not want to . chipeska yeah . no . of course not . I be not advocate celibacy . gin hope not . end of the human fuckin ' race . chipeska yes . gin turn one palm up . gin fuck large woman . what can I say . ext . saguaro square mall - parking lot - day a bus clear frame , revealing the kid as he walk toward the mall . voice loser ! dipshit ! clang ! the kid be hit in the head with a can again . again , no reaction . someone in the group of frustrated bully have a fresh idea : voice wedgie ! cheer , the six bully engulf the kid . int . chamberlain be - winter wonderland - day Marcus and Willie go about the business of be a Santa - elf team . Willie see off another child , child pokemon . willie done . marcus next ! Marcus head to the velvet rope to find the kid , muss up and dirty , the band of he underwear around he chest . kid Santa here ? marcus oh jeez . Marcus unclip the rope and the kid approach Willie . willie be that you underwear ? kid part of it . willie where 's the rest ? never mind . what do you want ? kid I be think I want a purple stuff elephant , not pink , but now I change my mind . willie what . kid now I do not want a elephant at all . I want a gorilla name davy for beat up the skateboard kid who pull on my underwear and he could take he order from the talk walnut so it would not be my bad thing . Willie stare at he . willie ... you know when I be you age , I do not need no fuckin ' gorilla , and I be not any bigger than you . one day I come cry home to dad because four kid have beat I up , and you know what he do ? ' kid he make it all better ? willie no . he kick my ass . you know why ? kid you go bathroom on mommy 's dish ? willie what the fuck ? no. kid he try to teach you not to cry and be a man . willie nope , it be because he be a mean , drunk son of a bitch . when he be not busy busting my ass , he be puttin ' out cigarettes on my neck . kid uh-huh ... willie the world 's fuckin ' unfair -- it do not give ya nothing . you can wish all you want but you gotta take what you need . stand up for yourself ... stop be such a pussy and kick that kid in the ball or something . ( pause ) or do not , I do not give a shit . just leave I the hell out of it . kid ' Kay . thanks , Santa . willie okay , go ahead ... he slap the kid paternally on the ass . willie ... get the fuck outta here ... kid ' Kay ... as the kid putter away : marcus ( happy again ) time for the next lucky boy or girl to -- Marcus return to the velvet rope to find gin slagel wait stone - face . marcus what give ? where 's the grandson ? gin open the rope there , Marcus . Marcus , wary , hesitates but then let he through . as they walk toward Willie : marcus I know you ? gin not yet . Willie be irk by the arrival of a adult : willie Santa do not do grab-ass , cowboy . gin Act natural . willie huh ? what ? gin sit on Willie 's knee . willie ... what the fuck ?! gin you be Willie tugboat soke and you be Marcus " the Prince " Skidmore . on Christmas Eve , you be gonna rob this store blind . what say we go somewhere private ? int . black angus bar - night Willie , Marcus and gin sit in a booth . gin Research , that 's how . I be a department store detective sherlock , that 's what I do . Seven city in seven year . pretty impressive . the store change , you name change . you always get away clean . yeah , pretty darn impressive . but let 's face fact -- you all be a couple of half - bucket small - timer . because of you physical attribute you have find a niche . I respect that . but you have also be catch . by I . so this be the way how we gonna do thing . I do not want to take over , I do not even want to change you scam . whatever you guy do , it work . all I want be a taste . when the deed be do , we part way . I buy a ranch in havasu , you take you little medicine show back on the road . marcus ( sigh ) how much ? gin half . Willie bolt out of he chair and grab gin by the neck . willie now you listen here , you -- Marcus pull he off . marcus easy ! easy ! just back off , Willie . I can handle this . after a hard stare Willie settles back into he seat . Marcus turn he attention to gin : marcus okay . thirty percent . there 's three of we . thirty percent . that 's fair . gin half . marcus I mean thirty - three . gin half . marcus and a third . gin half . marcus thirty -five . gin half . marcus forty . gin half . marcus forty-two ? gin half . marcus forty - two five . gin half . marcus fooooooorty ... eight . gin half . marcus forty-nine ? gin half . marcus well ... Marcus sigh . marcus ... what 's one point . gin down the middle on the dough , and any merchandise you take I look over and cherry - pick . marcus no ! money 's one thing , but -- gin it be not chinese menu , jagoff . I tell yea how the way it 's gonna be . this be prick fick . gin leave . Marcus and Willie stare at he retreate back as they talk : willie ... prick fick ? marcus ah , he 's a fuckin ' moron . willie yeah , well I guess that 's how you get the upper hand . marcus fuck you . willie negotiate . marcus fuck you -- you do not like it , next year , fuck off . I can always get another box jockey . willie yeah , and I can get another midget . Marcus turn to Willie : marcus yeah ? where ? you see we hangin ' off of fuckin ' tree ? like fuckin ' crab apple ? and even if we do , you would never front you own racket . ' Cause you get no discipline and zero fuckin ' initiative . you would fall apart without I . you be just too fuckin ' pathetic -- willie yeah , yeah . marcus -- too fuckin ' pathetic for word , you fuckin ' loser . and you fuckin ' know it . int . the kid be house - night Willie drag he ass through the front door , deject . grandma Roger ! you be home . let I fix you some sandwich . he stare at she . his gaze be far away . finally , he seem to rouse himself : willie ah , fuck it . int . the kid be house - garage - night in c.u. camera move along a hose snake from a exhaust pipe to the driver 's window which be open just far enough to admit it . in he Santa suit , Willie sit in the driver 's seat of the idling car , stare through the windshield . after a long beat , we hear a door open . the kid stand in the doorway from the house . he look at Willie , motionless in the car . kid ... Santa ? Willie 's eye do not leave the spot in space : willie yeah . kid what be you do ? willie ah , nothin' . kid you goin ' to work today ? willie not really . kid you just gonna sit there ? willie yeah . lemme alone . the kid turn to go . Willie bestir himself : willie -- kid . kid yeah . Willie beckon he . willie later today , when the paramedics come and bag up Santa ... he display a envelope . willie ... make sure the cop get this letter . it tell about all the bad thing that -- that -- what the fuck happen to you eye ? the kid 's eye be indeed black and blue . he reach self - consciously up to it . kid umm ... willie well goddamnit ... ext . hill near saguaro square mall - day we be pull a eight - year - old child who ride he bicycle along the sidewalk , look off , strike by what he see . he slow and then come to a stop have pull even with a group of other child gather on the sidewalk also look off at the same spot . they stare for a good long beat , expression rather neutral . but the sight , whatever it be , hold they attention . finally one in the foreground remark : kid I do not know he do that . they Pov : rather distant , on a grassy hill a man in a Santa suit be pound the shit out of the bully . one of the bully throw a punch , but Santa grab he fist and push he down . Santa put he foot on another bully 's butt and send he fly . after more wrestle and fling about , the bully wind up in a heap on the ground . int . chamberlain be - locker room - day Willie , a faraway look in he eye , sit on a bench near Marcus , who be finish put on he elf outfit . willie I think I have turn a corner . marcus ( absent ) yeah ? you fuck petite now ? Willie , dreamy , refuse to take the bait : willie no no . no ; I beat the crap out of some kid today -- but , you know , for a purpose . it really make I feel pretty good about myself -- like I do something constructive for a change . accomplish something ' . Marcus stare at he . marcus ... you need many year of therapy . many , many , many , many , many ... many fuck year of therapy . int . chamberlain be - MAIN floor - fur - day lois , she face set in pruney disapproval , flip slowly through a rack of fur . a salesman approach from behind she . she somehow sense he presence ; without bother to look around she murmur : lois just look ... int . the kid be house - night Willie and Sue come in , carry a few bottle of liquor . Willie close the door , and freeze , realize that something be wrong . willie ... hello ? nothing . willie ... granma ? he hear the tv and head for the live room . Sue follow a few step behind . Willie find grandma in she chair , not move . willie granma ... he strain through the dim light for any evidence of life . willie ... oh jeez . he let out a sigh and lean in close to listen to she heart . sue oh my God ... grandma Roger ! Willie jump and scream like a girl . grandma ... you be home . let I fix you some sandwich . she get up and head for the kitchen as Willie try to compose himself . willie ( hold he chest ) no thanks . int . the kid be house - kide bedroom - night the kid sleep . he be awaken by the sound of stumbling and clanking bottle . he hear giggling , more stumbling . he get up . int . the 'kid be house - hallway - night the kid discover some clothes . then some more . he follow the trail of clothes towards the sound come from the master bedroom . int . the kid be house - master bedroom - night facing the camera , Willie 's in he underpant and Santa hat lie on the floor on top of Sue . he 's grip she panty with he tooth -- stretch the elastic while he start pull they down . Sue 's giggle . the bedroom door open behind they and the kid walk in . he come up and stand over they , a few step behind Willie . Willie freeze , panty elastic waistband still stretch out in he tooth . he sense something , and he eye look up from under he Santa hat , he wolfish smile fade . the kid stand there , hand behind he back . sue ( lift she head up ) hello little boy . kid hello . Santa ? willie ( freeze ; tooth still grip panty ) ...yes ? kid I know that Christmas Eve be in a couple day and you have to fly around and give present to the world and after that you will not be around no more . willie ... yes ? kid so I think I would give you you present now . the kid take he hand from behind he back and extend a small present in crudely tape - up wrapping paper . this force Willie to let go of the panty . they SNAP back . he sit up . he take the gift and open it . Inside be a roughly whittle crescent of brown wood . willie ( mumble ) what the fuck be it ? kid a wooden pickle . Willie stare at it . willie why would you paint it brown ? kid not paint . it 's blood from when I cut my hand when I be make it for you . Willie stare at it . willie ... thanks . kid you be welcome . good night Santa . good night Mrs. Santa 's sister . he leave . Willie still stare at the gift . Sue be look where the kid exite . sue that be very nice . he 's really a nice kid , be not he ? she go back to grab he passionately . Willie have trouble speak . willie hold on a minute . sue what ? willie nothin ' ... it 's just ... I be ... well ... I be sorta ... fuck ... touch . he look from the wooden pickle up to Sue , he eye brim , and he start weep . willie ... I do not know if I can fuck ... Sue hug he and stroke he hair . sue that 's okay . that 's okay . Willie abjectly bawl : willie baby , I don't know if I can fuck ! sue there , there ... there , there ... int . the kid be house - kitchen - morning Willie , hungover , half - dress in he Santa outfit for work . he fumble in the refrigerator for some orange juice . the kid come up behind he clutching a document . kid santa ! Willie jump with a start . kid you wanna see my report card ? Willie take the report card as he try to compose himself . he look at it . all C 's and one B. kid think I do good ? Willie 's eye drift back to the card and settle on comment . they read , " thurman have a active , inquire mind . and no friend . " willie who the fuck be thurman ? this be you ? you name 's thurman ? kid yeah . willie ( incredulous ) thurman merman ?! kid yeah . willie Jesus . kid ( back to the report card ) you think I do good ? Willie do not want to engage . willie whaddya you care what I think , anyway ? ( pause , relenting a bit ) what do I fuckin ' know ? better than I ever do . I never get any B 's , kid I think maybe since at least I do good in school , you will bring I a present this year . ' Cause last Christmas and the one before that you do not bring no present ... this be a lot for Willie to hear . willie oh ... kid ... even though I be a dipshit loser . willie ( a beat , then explode ) Jesus Fucking Christ , kid ! why do talk about yourself like that ? what the fuck be that about ?! what 's with you anyway ? I be not Fucking Santa Claus ! look at I , I be live fuck proof that there be not no Santa Claus ! pause . kid I know there 's no Santa . I just think maybe you would wanna give I a present ' cause we be friend . willie oh ... a uncomfortable silence . Willie be most uncomfortable . willie ( pause , then sincerely to the kid ) look , kick the shit out of that kid , that 's as generous as I can get . the kid just nod and do not say anything . Willie can not take it . willie jesus fucking christ , I gotta go to work ! Willie run out of the room very upset , int . the kid be house - foyer - morning Willie grab a bottle of whiskey off the counter and hurry out , slamm the door . int . chamberlain be - winter wonderland - day Marcus check he watch impatiently as the endless line of excited child and they parent impatiently murmur . the tension be suffocating Marcus . finally , a gasp go up from the crowd . Marcus look up to see Willie , totally shit -face . his costume be half on , he undergarment be show , and he hand clutches the neck of a break bottle . marcus no. Willie stumble over a burro and fall into a pile of fake snow . he rise to he foot and begin to pummel the statue . willie you fuckin ' spic ! Children scream in horror as mother cover they eye . gin enter the wonderland and take in the spectacle . gin sweet Jews for Jesus ... Willie finish dispatch the burro and stumble to he Santa chair . Marcus stomp up to he . marcus Holy motherfuck . what do you think you be do ? willie ( sobbing ) I piss my pants ! Marcus pounce on he . marcus you son of a bitch ! gin pull Marcus off . gin alright , let 's get he out of here . I will go smooth this over with chipeska . food poisoning , something . the two man face each other , they voice rise . Beyond they we see the line of child stare at they . marcus what do you mean , get he out of here ? gin take he to he car . marcus in case you have not notice , I be a motherfuckin ' dwarf . so unless you get a forklift handy , maybe you should lend a hand . gin that figure , you wantin ' all kind of set-aside and special treatment ' cause of you handicap . you be all the same . marcus special treatment ? I be three fuck foot tall , asshole -- it 's a matter of physics ! draw I a sketch how I get he to the car ! gin notice the line of kid stare . he put up a sign that read : " Santa have go to feed his reindeer . he will be back soon " . gin bitch , bitch . marcus sketch it up , fuckin ' moron . fuckin ' Leonardo da vinci . gin what do you call I , thigh -high ? marcus I call you a fuckin ' guinea homo . from the fifteenth fuckin ' century . gin I could stick you up my ass , smallfry . marcus yeah ? you sure it be not too sore from last night ? gin you get some lip on you , midget . marcus well it be on you wife 's pussy last night . why do not you dust that thing once in a while . asshole . int . marcus ' van - parking lot - dusk Marcus sit with lois in the van stake out the door to Chamberlain 's , wait for gin to leave . int . chamberlain be - winter wonderland - dusk willie sleep it off behind a flimsy cardboard set . int . marcus ' van - parking lot - dusk Marcus and lois continue they stake - out . we see gin exit the store and head for he car . marcus there he be ... that lousy , leatherface , dago motherfucker ... ext . quiet road - night Marcus stand by the side of he van . it 's park on the shoulder with the hood up , jumper cable attach and hang . lois be in the driver 's seat . gin 's Ford 4 X 4 speed around the corner and Marcus flag he down . screeeeech ! gin slam on the brake , then back up and pull over . he emerge from the 4 X 4 with road rage on full brew , and stride over to the van . gin Jesus , mother Mary and Joseph ! what in the name of the holy lord fuck be the problem now ? marcus sorry , the van stall . give we a jump will ya ? gin well , I will be dip in dogshit !... what be I , you auto mechanic now ? he shake he head in disgust . grumbling , he go back to the 4 X 4 and drive it into position . he get out and raise the hood . the two vehicle face each other nose - to-nose , several foot apart as gin open the hood . gin ( motion to he battery ) help yourself , small fry . Marcus seem to have a little difficulty reach the battery terminal . marcus it 's hard for I to reach ... gin grab the cable from he . Marcus take a few step back . gin Jesus Christ , give I that ! marcus thanks . gin attaches the cable . gin ( then , to lois ) alright , try it ! lois turn the key and the van start right up . gin take the cable off the van and close the hood . he light up a pall mall . Marcus signal to lois . she put the car into gear and stomp she foot on the accelerator , squashing gin between the two vehicle . angle prom inside van ( slow motion ) : gin 's face as it 's squoosh up against the van 's windshield . a cloud of cigarette smoke escape he lip . lois continue to step on the gas , try to crush he . angle on : the tire spin in the gravel . finally , she take she foot off the gas . the van ease back . gin fall to the ground with a groan . Marcus step up and lean over he . marcus oh my , what a terrible accident ! lois be he dead ? marcus no , but it look like you break most of he rib . then , lean down to gin . marcus ( for gin 's benefit ) I would say maybe ... fifty percent of they ? or do you think thirty percent ? lois I need more of a run start -- I could not build up any speed . Marcus pace around try to figure out what to do next . marcus ( shaking he head in dismay ) motherfuck ! he grab the jumper cable still connect to gin 's 4 X 4 and clamp the other end on gin 's ear . a small jolt and a spark or two . only a minor shock . marcus shit ! he grab gin 's arm and with great effort drag he over a few foot so that he head be position behind the front tire of the van . gin try to crawl out of the way . angle on : gin 's foot slip on the gravel . marcus put it in reverse . angle on : shift level move into reverse . angle on : lois ' foot step on the gas pedal . wider : lois drive backwards . there 's a bump and the sound of a dull pop . CUT to : int . chamberlain be - winter wonderland - next day close - up : a large bubble gum bubble pop . Willie , in a self - medicate stupor , barely manage to hold a wail toddler on he lap . bubble gum be all over the kid 's face . willie ' tendo it be . he pass the child off to Marcus , who hold it as Willie gaze off and murmur ; willie ... everything I touch turn to shit and die . Marcus , still hold the child , quickly glance around , and then hiss into Willie 's ear : marcus what be you , drink sterno now ? ' Cause you be sounding like my aunt tilly right before she smear she own shit on the bedroom wall and we have to lock she up and she spend the rest of she life with a shave head and eat lunch through a tube up she nose ... Willie continue to stare , head sway . marcus ... you better be in shape by this evening , fat man . after tonight , I do not give a shit . but this be the time to reach deep down and suck it up . Marcus hand the kid to he mother . he smile warmly . marcus ... Lovely boy . int . saguaro square mall - night " jolly Old Saint Nicholas " play as a buzzing throng of people cram the mall . one current in this sea of humanity flow into the bedeck entrance of Chamberlain 's Department store . int . chamberlain be - entrance - night jesse the security guard be at he post near the door to the parking lot . he smile and wave farewell to depart shopper . intercom ( v.o. ) attention shopper , the store will be close in five minute . we wish you all a merry Christmas , happy Chanukah and a joyous kwanza . behind jesse , in Men 's wear , be lois , wear a frown of pruney disapproval . see that he 's not look , she inexplicably nudge a table of sweater a few foot over . squeeeeeeeak ! the table make a loud noise , but it 's too chaotic on the floor for anyone to notice . satisfied with she placement of the table , lois head out the door . int . chamberain be - winter wonderland - night bleary -ey Willie put down a little girl and she happily scamper off . willie barbie it be ... Willie turn to Marcus . willie ... that it ? Marcus move the backdrop to reveal the air vent . marcus let 's go . Willie crack open a ampule of amyl nitrate and inhale deeply . Marcus grimace : marcus ... oh Christ . willie ( red -face , hold breath ) let 's do it . int . chamberlain be - MAIN floor - night with the sound of close circuit , bank of light systematically shut down in the various department of the now empty .store . int . chamberlain be - entrance - night exhausted employee file out of the store past jesse . eventually Willie emerge . jesse merry Christmas , Willie . willie up you ass . jesse head for the alarm panel near the doorway and punch the key label arm . a LED readout label arming count down from 30 second . jesse exit the store , lock the door and head home . int . chamberlain be - customer service office - night the cubicle be now empty and the office be still , but we hear dwarf - shimmy in the duct overhead . int . chamberlain entrance - night by the front door , the alarm continue to count down -- 25 ... 24 ... int . chamberlain be - AIR duct - night Marcus arrive at the vent above the surveillance room . he reach in he pocket , pull out the remote control lois buy , and aim it down into the room . int . chamberlan be - surveillance room - night the huge bank of vcr power down . int . chamberlain entrance - night alarm BOX 19 ... 18 ... int . chamberlain be - AIR duct - night Marcus arrive at the precipice of a descend duct . he snap on a bike helmet and take a deep breath . marcus all right ... he dive down the duct . int . chamberlain be - AIR duct - night we pan and whip - pivot along the outside of several length of ductwork , follow the muffle scream of a thousand girly echoing inside . the ductwork dimple out along the bottom with the wubba sound of flopping aluminum as Marcus 's weight travel its length ; at turn , Marcus 's inertial force make one side of the duct momentarily dent out . we thus follow Marcus 's progress as he slide , bump , ricochet and barrel through the department store . int . chamberlain be - MAIN floor - entrance - night as the alarm continue to count down , 12 ... 11 ... a distant scream grow louder until -- -- in nearby Men 's wear , the vent in the 30 - foot ceiling burst open and -- -- Marcus drop from the duct . thud ! he land on the table of sweater place by lois . in a split-second , he sit up and look at the alarm box . 7 ... 6 ... he hop off the table and push it toward the alarm box . 5 ... 4 ... the far side of the table smashes into the wall beneath the alarm box . Marcus kick out the collapsible leg on the near side , make that edge of the table crash to the ground , create a ramp . he sprint away from the table spin , and run back towards it ... 3 ... 2 ... he run up the ramp and -- 1 ... -- leap and slap the cancel button -- just in time . int . chamberlain be - office - night ding ! Elevator door open to reveal Willie and Marcus hold section of the disassembled water drill . int . chamberlain be - accounting office - night the light flicker on in the accounting office as Willie and Marcus wheel the water drill over to the safe . once they get it there : willie oh shit ... marcus what ? what -what-what-what ? willie it 's a kitnerboy redoubt . marcus so ? Willie stare at the safe . willie ... you know Andy pitt ? marcus yeah , Andy pizzarelli ? willie no , Andy lapitski . Andy pizzarelli be Andy Blue ball . marcus huh-uh , since he get marry they call he a -- what' you fucking point ? willie Andy lapitski can get into anything . anything . they say he 's be in Margaret thatcher 's pussy . marcus yeah ? yeah ? willie in the joint he tell I that the kitnerboy ... he nod at the safe . willie ... can not be crack . marcus be you fuckin ' shittin ' I ?! be you tellin ' I after I have propped you up and hold you together and smile for all that kid and dance for all that fuck housewive in a fuck lime - green fuck velvet elf costume you cannot get in that fucking safe ? be you fucking telling I that ? Willie continue to stare at the safe . he lick he lip . willie no ... I be say it 's gonna take I a minute . int . chamberlain be - montage - night Willie stare at the safe while rub sandpaper to he fingertip . meanwhile , Marcus emerge from a stockroom with a cart to begin he shopping spree . Willie apply a stethoscope to the safe , tapping with one hand and listen intently . Marcus start in lady ' accessory , find the cashmere scarf . Willie apply the drill to the safe . Marcus make he way through lingerie . Willie pull back the drill . the bit be trash , the safe be completely unscathed . Marcus be in shoe pick out pump for lois . Willie be in Home improvement , flipping tool off the shelf into a cart of he own . Marcus be in even wear , jump to try to pull a steal off a mannequin . Willie batter a chisel into the seam of the safe door . Marcus continue to leap at the mannequin . Willie be atop the safe , swinging a sledgehammer at the lock . Marcus swing at the mannequin 's knee with a golf club . Willie use a plasma welder on the safe . Marcus , have chop down the mannequin , drag off its steal . Willie be back over the safe , batter it with the sledgehammer , roaring with each swing . Marcus be in houseware pilfering crock pot . Willie , sweat , drop the sledgehammer clanking to the floor . wiping he forehead , he circle the safe . when he get to the back of the safe he stop , think . Marcus be in Home entertainment grab a stereo . Willie be hunch at the back of the safe , stethoscope to its surface , give exploratory tap with two knuckle . sound perspective through the stethoscope : hollow thunks follow by a unnaturally loud and present creeeeeeeeak . Willie react quizzically . after a consider moment he rise . we can see , on the far side of the safe , its door as it finish creak open . Marcus enter the room . Willie look at he . willie piece of cake . Marcus start remove stack of cash and load they into the Santa sack . Willie wipe sweat off he forehead . willie ... I will be right back . I gotta grab one thing . int . chamberlan be - toy dept . - night we be look at a big , fuzzy , smile , pink stuff elephant . Willie 's hand hesitates between this elephant and the one behind , which be purple . we hear he mutter : willie shit ... which do he say ? the hand finally leave with the purple elephant . we hold for a long beat . the hand reenter to put back the purple and take the pink . Willie turn around hold the stuff elephant . Marcus and lois be stand there present a grotesque picture : lois have a shopping cart fill with shoe , scarve , jewel , a salad spinner , purse , a block of ginsu knife , a abdomen exerciser . she wear a pair of sunglass from which a price tag dangle , and a long ermine steal . next to she Marcus hold the Santa bag bulg with -- indeed , sprout -- cash . willie well , I do not think that store dick be gonna want this . marcus store dick do not want shit . something in this picture make Willie uneasy . he lick he lip . willie wuddya mean , fuck guy 's greedier than ... he pause , search . willie ... greedier than fuck . Marcus and lois be statue , stare at he . marcus store dick dead . store dick do not want shit . a long silence . marcus ... fuck the fuckin ' store dick . Willie 's tone be wooden : willie Dead , huh ... again , he lick he lip . willie ... I do not even know he be sick . Marcus flick he coat front away and pull a .45 out of he waistband . marcus Willie . this have be a long time comin' . willie uh-huh . marcus every year you be worse . every year , less reliable . more booze . more bullshit . more butt-fuck . willie sure . the three b'a . marcus you gotta be able to rely , Willie . he prime the gun . Willie murmur , more in sadness than in fear : willie you be monster . Marcus point the gun . marcus believe I , Willie : there 's no joy in this for I . willie oh , I do not mean layin ' I out . I understand that . but just look at ya . all the shit ... grabbin ' all this shit -- do you really need all this junk ? ... this be Christmas ? Marcus sneer : marcus oh please . do not gimme that trite " commercialism " crap . this be what we do , Willie . we get the shit . Christmas time , we get the shit . because we be man . and lois . it be Christmas , Willie , and we be man , and lois . a silence . lois ... wuddya waitin ' for , honey ? plug he . Marcus sigh . marcus good-bye , Willie . he aim . Willie squeeze he eye shut . from nowhere : megaphone voice ( o.s. ) Drop the gun , munchkin ! marcus huh ? ! clack clack clack clack clack -- the sound of many gun prime . Police everywhere . megaphone voice and you , Santa ! -- drop the elephant ! Willie stare . Marcus look wildly around . marcus ... where do you come from ? chief tipped off . willie shit ! camera track in on he face Willie slap he forehead . willie ... fuckin ' kid ! chief all three of you be in so much shit it 's almost unbelievable . lois gevalt . marcus oh yeah ? well come and get we , copper ! ha-ha-ha-ha ! bang ! bang ! bang ! his .45 roar . the cop return fire . willie fuck I ... he duck , clutching the elephant to he chest , and scurries behind a counter . willie ... fuck I fuck I fuck I ... gunfire fill the air . explode merchandise chase along the counter behind Willie as the cop seek to put he down . under the gunfire we hear Marcus 's maniacal laughter . Willie reach the end of the counter . a brief open space separate he from a stairwell ; he dash across as gunfire redouble and plunge down the stair . ext . chamberlain be - loading dock - night Willie burst out onto the load dock still hold the elephant . he dive into he mercede and peel out . ext . saguaro square mall - parking lot - night rounding the corner of the load dock , Willie come upon a fleet of squad car idling in the street . cop yell , draw they gun and fire as Willie clip a couple car , skid and slue , and finally be clear of the pack . he roar up the road as policeman leap for they vehicle , crank up they siren and pursue . int . mercede - moving - night Willie drive , he jaw set , a desperate man in a Santa suit . he glance up at the rearview which show many flash light bar . willie ... it 's Christmas ... and the fuck kid be get he present . ext . the kid be house - neighborhood - night Willie 's car corner onto Sage Terrace on two wheel , slam back down onto four , fishtail up to the kid 's house and squeal brake into its driveway . the police vehicle , in hot pursuit , squeal , skid , and slew around in a jumble at the foot of the lawn . cop leap out of they car just as Willie jump from he . megaphone voice halt , put you hand up ! Willie be sprinting up the walk toward the front door . his voice echoe lone and weak after the boom of the megaphone : willie up you ass ! he bound up the stoop . police voice all right , boy -- nail he ! a ripple of gunfire . at the top of the stoop , face the door , Willie stagger , roll he eye , and -- drop . nearby window drawn by the noise , a adorable six - year- old in a nearby house slide open he second - story bedroom window to look . he high Pov : frozen in a semi-circle at the foot of the neighbor lawn , a army of cop have gun train on the fell Santa Claus , who be sprawle on the neighbor 's stoop , motionless . his hand stretch toward the front door hold a fluffy pink elephant un - deliver ... the six year old draw in he breath and scream . he be join by he equally adorable little brother and sister who look , and scream , with he . somewhere , a neighborhood dog bark . a cop look up at the window and the three shriek child . cop somebody put a zipper on that fuckin ' kid ! fade out : int . the kid be house - day after a long beat , Willie 's voice : willie ( v.o. ) dear kid . I hope that you get my present and that there be not too much blood on it , although there be blood on the present you give I which do not keep I from enjoy it , so maybe the blood do not matter so much I guess . we be fading in on a shelf in the kid 's bedroom where the stuff elephant sit , in a place of honor , its fur indeed stiff and stain with dry blood . the kid 's bedroom be no longer in disarray , thing be neat and comfy . we pan off of it to find this letter , crudely handwritten , tack up on a little bulletin board . willie ( v.o. ) ... anyway , just in case they take it as evidence I be also send you a T-shirt . I hope it 's the right size . I be heal up good and they tell I that I will soon be one hundred percent even with eight bullet dig out of I because they do not hit any vital organ , just my liver which be fuck anyway , ha-ha-ha . anyway ... we continuing pan bring we to the open door of the bedroom and we hear the sound of the tv in the live room . we track toward it . willie ( v.o. ) ... thank you for give that letter to the cop . I forget I ask you to do it but it 's a good thing you do or Santa 's little helper would have plugge he ass . and now the cop know I write it , which be gonna keep my ass out of jail . that , plus everyone agree that the Phoenix police department shoot a unarm Santa be even more fuck - up than rodney King . the cop be treat I like fuck royalty now which be new in my experience . they be gonna make I a sensitivity counselor so that tragedy like this will never again embarrass the whole fuck department . whatever . grandma be in the live room watch tv . we track past she towards the jacuzzi area . willie ... as for my little helper , I be sorry to have to tell you that he and he prune - face mail - order - wife be gonna be explore mountain with you dad . I hope you dad do not go suck shit from they like I do . meanwhile , I tell the cop you have no one to take the fuck care of you , so they set it up with Mrs. Santa 's sister watch you till you dad get back in one year and three month . they make she a Guardian pro- temp or some such shit ... anyway , she make better money than bartend and seem to like you and you house and jacuzzi . Sue be in a towel , hold a highball as she climb out of the jacuzzi . the kid walk by she carry a bucket . she tousle he hair affectionately as he go by . he 's never look better . we track toward the foyer . it 's empty but the front door be open . we track towards it . we go out the front door ... willie ( v.o. ) ... so I will be stay in Phoenix now , tell the police how screw - up they be which be not a bad job as job go . they be suppose to let I out of this hospital room soon so I will see you when I come over to fuck Mrs. Santa 's sister in the jacuzzi . until then , do not take no shit from nobody . least of all yourself . anyway ... see ya soon ... the kid be dip a toilet - bowl brush into a bucket of soapy water on the front stoop . willie ( v.o. ) ... Santa . as the kid turn and hunker down to scrub the dry blood off the stoop , we see the back of he T-shirt . shit happens when you party naked . fade out : the end