" bad lieutenant " by abel ferrara and Zoe Lund 11/25/90 first draft this story take place during a World Series between the Met and the a 's. canseco play for oakland , and strawberry be still with New York . day one : game three : lt win ext : early morning - lt's home - queen this typical queen house be sandwich between other neighbor , nearly identical house . the morning sound of family bickering , lawn mower , and shouted good - by be hear come from many house on this close - knit block . a new baby can be hear bawling inside lt's house . lt , hurried and harry , stumble out he front door . he head for he car , park askew in the driveway . lt be some 40 year old . his natural swagger make up for he lack of conventional good look . he be obviously hang - over . lt squint , pain by the SUN . he fumble with he shade , put they on . lt 's twin EIGHT year-old son trundle out the front door of the house , bicker as they run to catch up with they daddy . the hefty twins wear ill-fitting parochial school uniform . they oversize parochial school briefcase threaten to trip they up . lt 's wife , babe in arm , come out to watch lt 's lovely seven year -old daughter head off toward she school on foot . many other member of lt 's extended family hang out on the stoop and the lawn . as the twins cross the lawn , the bicker turn physical . they start whack each other with the briefcase . the twins pile into lt's car . CUT to : int : morning - lt's car - en route to / at parochial school the car be obviously lt 's home away from home . food debris , Beer can , vodka bottle and other garbage litter the interior . a impressive hand - gun be visible between the seat . a old icon of mother mary ride on the dashboard . as the twins get in , lt try to hide the gun and the illicit detritus . to little avail . the twins pay no mind to he machination ; they have evidently see it all before . as lt drive the twins to school , the three play wild rough - house . the car swerve crazily . lt how many time be you gonna miss the bus ? huh ? all the other kid can get up in the morning , but you guy wanna be drive around like the fuck President . I be you goddamn chauffeur ! twins ( each take alternate , overlap line ) shit , man . it be not we fault ! -- you think sis be so perfect , well , if she have not hogge the fuck bathroom , maybe we -- I think aunt lu be dead ! she be in there so long ... lt shut up ! listen ! on radio : chatter about Met win last night 's game . it be the third game straight that they have win so far . one more game -- set for tomorrow afternoon -- and the Met will sweep the World Series . all listen . twin they be gonna win the Series in four ! lt all the way with strawberry ! twins ( in unison ) strawberry ! the twins whoop and shout , celebrate lt 's -- and they own -- favorite player . they pass the parochial school bus . it have stop for a moment take on kide . lt cut off the twins ' tirade . lt shit , man -- there 's you fuck bus I oughtta make you late ! make the nun whack the shit outa ya both . lt and the twins banter back and forth , poke each other and box around . the apparent hostility of they word be balanced by the laughter and gung - ho play of the rough-house . the twins yell cat - call as they drive past a blonde pedestrian . lt join in . angle - through the windshield , the parochial school come into view . a crowd of uniformed kide be gather outside . several nun turn the crowd into two neat row , and usher the kide inside . Pov lt - the nun lt get go . the twins get out . join the line of student enter the school . the instant the kide have leave the car -- lt take out some coke . snort it . he take he gun out of hide . lt steer with he knee as he drive off toward the City . CUT to : ext : afternoon - queen - crime scene angle - a car windshield . blood-spatter and shot up . the dead body of two girl be in the front seat . lt get out of he car and make he way through the cop and gawker . the bet cop come up to lt . bet cop two Black kid come up out of nowhere and shot that chick . then they laugh as they walk away . the Press be gonna call it the " giggle man murder . " I will tell ya . what a world . lt give a cursory glance to the crime scene . a couple of cop greet he ; lt keep walk . the bet cop dig he attitude . bet cop but hey -- we make the best of it , man , do not we ? huh ? how about they Met ! follow lt - over to a group of cop . they greet he and everyone immediately cram into a park car . the car stay park for the duration of they meeting . CUT to : int : afternoon - unmarked cop car ( parked ) - queen now that lt , the bet cop and the other cop be inside the car , they can do business . lt pay several cop they winning for last night 's game . cash and congratulatory banter be exchange . now lt have to take they bet for tomorrow afternoon 's game , the FOURTH game of the World Series . lt urge the cop to bet against the Met . lt no fuck way they be gonna do it in four game straight . cop one you serious , man ? I wanna go Met all the way ! lt go ahead , man . if you have get shit for brain . but if you wanna win the buck , go with oakland . cop two I think strawberry be gonna -- lt I know that nigger like he 's my brother . he be not gonna let we off so easy . he will make we sweat first . this game 's go to oakland . not a doubt in my mind , man . silence . the cop think about it for a moment . bet cop speak up first ; hand lt some cash . when he talk to lt , he fawn posture be obvious . bet cop I be in . here . cop one shrug he assent , give cash to lt . the other cop follow he example , place they bet on oakland . the cop bet total $ 800 -- on oakland . lt have obviously be the bookie for this precinct for a long time . he take care of a lot of action and have this guy 's faith . lt nod a goodbye , quickly get out of the car . the bet cop and the other cop remain inside . CUT to : ext : afternoon - pay phone - midtown - 38th STREET &amp ; 3rd avenue lt pull up alone beside a phone booth and phone in the cop ' bet and he own to lite . more than a anonymous connection to the bookie , lite be obviously lt 's old friend -- and a hustler just like himself . lt shout into the phone and hold it close to he ear . the traffic noise be loud and irritate . lt ( into the phone ) I get they all go for oakland . with bullshit money . we will cover the $ 800 . lite ( oc ) all right . what be you gonna do ? lt I want 15 on the Met . lite ( oc ) how about 7 1 /2 ? across the STREET - two guy approach a businessman in a raincoat and flash a knife . the businessman give up he wallet and he watch . lt pay no mind to the robbery . lt hey , man . do not give I that bullshit . do not pussy - out on I . the Met be a fuck lock . I wanna make some money . lite be you sure ? lt yeah . I be sure . lt hang up the phone , head back toward he park car . by this time , the businessman be run into the street , wave he arm and scream . businessman Police ! Police ! help I ! Police ! lt enter he car , drive off . CUT to : ext : evening - crack CITY lt arrive , lead a bust . lot of cop . lt chase a handsome young coke dealer , jc , cornere he a couple flight up a staircase . now they be alone and the phony pantomime be over . lt hey , man , gimme something cook ! jc give it to he with a pipe . lt take a drag of crack . then lt give jc a large bag of coke , label " exhibit a " . lt it 's good shit . from when they bust that columbian uptown . you can cut it in half . jc nod , bemuse by lt 's manic behavior . jc , in contrast , be mellow and in control . lt smoke ; jc do not . lt cough and smoke as he shout to cop downstairs ( off ) . lt I get this guy . but there 's someone across the street on the roof ! the cop ( off ) rush out of the building . jc watch lt smoking like a fiend . jc that stuff will kill you quick , man . lt what the fuck be you ? a drug counselor or a drug dealer ? and you do not even do you own product ! what kind of businessman be you ? jc the rich kind . ( shake he head ) jeez , man . the way you smoke that shit be suicide . lt fuck you . ( take a deep hit ) just give I back a little something for the road . lt take a handful of the coke and put it in a dollar bill ; pocket it . jc see you in a coupla day . have the cash ready . jc split , run up the stair . CUT to : int : night - ariane' apartment - live room Religious / hip artifact abound . it 's a nice , if messy apartment . however , it be definitely not large enough to merit the $ 3,500 that ariane quote as she rent . ariane be lt 's mistress . bowtay , she girlfriend , lounge on the couch . bowtay play the third when lt be in the mood for a menage a trois . she 's around a lot . bowtay be already zonk out on something . maybe lude . ariane get something good for we ? lt give she the coke . ariane take some immediately . bowtay sloppily partake . before lt can even sit down , the girl start bitching . ariane I be gonna need some bread , man . this be not fair . I be always here for you , and you can not even take decent care of I . my landlord be bitching like a motherfucker ! you be two month behind on the rent , Lieutenant ! lt didya ever think of move to a cheaper apartment ? $ 3,500 a month be crazy , man ! ariane it 's nothing . this be New York , man ... ( beat ) oh -- I forget . bowtay need some cash to buy she new act headshot out of the developer . it 's a good investment , man . she could make serious money ! angle - bowtay on the couch . it 's obvious that she 's go nowhere . and fast . ariane we have be rehearse a new monologue . from shad 's Saint Joan , you know ? bowtay do it wonderfully well . lt break out more coke and some grass . lt all right , bowtay . show we you stuff . ariane lift bowtay to she foot . bowtay stagger into the center of the room , then fall back down on she knee . it happen to be appropriate for the scene . bowtay begin to recite the monologue from the very end of the play . " when will the world be ready to receive thy saint ? " , etc . bowtay mess up a line ; ariane lash she with a belt . bowtay do not move , continue recite . ariane join in from time to time . lt be turn on . he begin kissing ariane , then go down onto the floor . bowtay be there already . kinky trio sex scene . CUT to : int : later that night - ariane' apartment - kitchen it 's evidently a hour or so later . the kitchen be very bachelorette . no food or cooking implement in sight . lt be mess around , look for something to drink . he open the refrigerator . Pov lt - cu - the refrigerator be entirely empty , save for a few suspect and peculiar item . there be nothing in liquid form . lt hear ariane call to he from the live room . ariane ( oc - call to lt ) there 's nothing ! it 's clear from the sex sound ( oc ) , that ariane and bowtay be still go at it . ariane ( oc - call to lt ) go out and get some diet coke . lt obey . he leave the kitchen . CUT to : int : night - ariane' apartment - live room lt pass through the live room , put on he clothing as he head for the door to outside . the girl do not miss a sexual beat . they continue what be now a menage a deux . they will not miss lt while he 's go . lt split . no good - by . CUT to : ext / int : late night - korean deli lt approach the market where he intend to buy the diet coke . a display of fresh fruit &amp ; vegetable extend onto the sidewalk . lt notice a squad car , park in front of the market . lt pick up he pace . closer now , lt see a young uniformed cop outside , stand with the korean owner , a elderly man who do not speak much English . the owner be agitate and out of breath . he argue fiercely with two young black kide . a squad car be park in front of the market . lt get a idea . he take command . lt ( to cop ) what 's go on ? the uniformed cop be a timid rookie . cop uh , Lieutenant , Sir -- the owner say they steal cash from the register . he be chase they down the block when I catch up with they . the korean owner be still agitate . he try to give he side of the story , mixing English and Korean . at the same time -- the two black kide plead they case . they try to drow out the owner . it all get rather noisy . young black kid we do not do nothing , man ! lt shout in the young black kide face . it 's shockingly loud . lt shut the fuck up ! lt turn to the uniformed cop . lt ( to cop ) go get I a Bud . a High Boy . and make sure it 's fuck cold . ( indicate the situation at hand ) I will straighten this out . the uniformed cop look at lt for a moment , then go . lt be now alone with the korean owner and the two young black kide . lt turn to the owner . lt how much do they take ? korean owner five hundred dollar cash . the two young black kide continue protest they innocence . young black kid we do not -- lt whip out he gun and shoot a deafen blast between the two kide ' head . it almost take off the leave ear of one and the right ear of the other . the two young black kide be stunne . speechless . the young uniformed cop rush out of the market , gun raise in one hand , Beer can in the other . he 's relieved that a cop be not shot , but the whole situation make he uneasy . lt grab the Beer , point to the korean owner . lt ( order the cop ) take this guy down to the precinct . I need to talk to he . the owner protest wildly in Korean as the flustered cop usher he into a wait squad car . they drive off . now lt be alone with the two young black kide . lt take the kide inside at gunpoint . int : the store appear to be desert . lt gimme the money ! now ! the two young black kide have regain some of they cool . they be still belligerent . young black kid we tell you , man . we do not take no -- lt jam he gun down the pant of one of the kide . at the same time , he whip out he badge and thrust it into the other kide face . lt give I the fuck money , asshole ! they give lt the cash . the kide stand there . lt what the fuck be ya stand there for ? be go ! the kide , stunne , split . lt swagger around the store , gun in hand , drink the Beer , assess the inventory with a proprietary air . he pretend to shoot at various product . Plays around . in the back aisle , lt aim he gun at a big BOX of toilet paper . while he hold the toilet paper at bay , a thirteen year -old korean kid rise up from behind it , he hand up , terrify . lt laugh , then put the gun away . lt take over until you boss get back . gimme a 6 of diet coke and a 6 of budweiser . on lt 's smile face , we -- CUT to : int : dawn - ariane' apartment bowtay be curl up on the floor , asleep . ariane be busy with a goblet , some tin foil and other esoteric stuff . lt come through the door with the six - pack of diet coke and the six - pack of budweiser . he put they down , take a Beer for himself . ariane do not turn around . she 's busy prepare drug . ariane I get you a present . better shit then you get , cop ! lt come and look over she shoulder . he see -- a pile of brown heroin on a tin foil sheet . ariane be prepare the implement for " chase the dragon . " bowtay roll over , sprawl on the floor in a even sexier position . on she face , a expression of utter bliss . lt abandon the Beer . lt Brown downtown ... there have not be any smoking brown on the street in -- ariane who say anything about the fuck street . I have get more connect than you have , Lieutenant ... ariane help lt with the thin , tin foil pipe . she burn the smack on the tin foil sheet for he so that he can manage to inhale the plume of smoke in time . he get a nice , deep hit . ariane gracefully take a hit of she own . they be both very high , already . beginning to nod out . ariane go back to the implement and prepare another hit . this time she catch the smoke in a sherry goblet and lt drink it . lt be very high now . a meditative , hallucinatory state . ariane take a diet coke and lie down on the bed . she slowly sip soda through a straw . her eye be close . lt sit in a easy chair by the window . lt nods out while watch the sunrise . what we see appear to be he dream . from the melting red SUN , we -- dissolve to : ext : dawn ( meanwhile ) '' church / convent blood ! two kide be raping a nun , attack the second nun , and shitting on the altar . go berserk . they steal purple robe and the chalice . from the first nun , on she back on the altar , she robe rip open , a heart - rending pieta , we -- hard CUT to : day two : game four : lt lose $ 15,000 int : late afternoon - lt's home - queen angle - cartoon on tv . lt have oversleep , out cold on the couch . a little girl sit on the floor , two foot from the tv , watch cartoon . various other member of lt 's over - extend family can be see move around the house , go about they business . a cartoon explosion wake lt . he jump up in a panic . lt do I win ? shit ! the game ! lt bound off the couch , still half - asleep , he crawl to the tv , turn on game four . the little girl start crying . lt ( to background family member ) what 's the score ? what 's the fuck score ? a ancient aunt poke she head into the live room . ancient aunt I dunno ... she disappear again . lt ( to himself ) why I , man ? lt lean into the tv , transfix , as -- on tv : strawberry make a fantastic catch of a canseco drive with runner on base . lt cheer . door slam ( off ) . the twins have come home from school . they burst into the live room , loud as Hell . furious about something they out - curse each other . lt ( to the twin ) shut the fuck up ! do you see that ? twins ( shrug - in unison ) it 's 7 - 0 : oakland . ( single twin ) that nigger could have let it drop and go home . lt curse and stomp around . the twins mimic he every move . all three be piss . the rest of the family pay no mind . CUT to : int : evening - lt's car lt be furious . he coke up . drink heavily . tire of the sport station , lt turn on 911 . there be a call for a uptown murder scene . hard CUT to : ext : night - 153rd / martin luther king - crime scene cu - a young black dealer , eye open , shot dead . lt drive up , size up the scene . it 's fresh territory . he will milk it for what it 's worth . lt ignore he colleague , the cop on the scene . he know some of the dealer and STREET character on the sideline . he head straight for they . lt greet a impressively beautiful , six foot tall transvestite . he take she aside . lt hey , Veronica baby , look good ! what 's go down ? lt slip a hundre dollar bill into veronica be well - fill bra . veronica ( confidentially - to lt ) Willie get shot by one of he boy . ( giggle ) but there 's a ki under the back seat . lt I will put it in my trunk . lt saunter up to the murder car , dead willie still in the front seat . lt be obviously berserk to get the KI , but he can not show it . lt suss out the situation . around he , police technician -types be busy lift fingerprint and analyze the car and willie -- to no apparent avail . lt use he lieutenant ' privilege to enter the murder car and begin he own investigation . tire track be discover nearby . the other cop be distract . lt take he shot . he reach for and find the KI of cocaine under the back seat . lt slip it under he coat and emerge from the murder car . outside the murder car , lt make to stand up . in the act , he -- drop the bag of coke ! lt be stunne . he can not believe the KI be actually in the shitty , gutter water , in plain view of the other cop . the cop spot the kilo of coke . even that cop that be far away , somehow know what have happen . they quickly gather round the murder car , lt , and the KI . the plastic bag fill with white powder float on the deep puddle . lt be silent wrath incarnate . lt ( soft , sardonic ) I guess he be a bigtime dealer ... ( beat ) what d'ya know ... a kilo of ' caine ... among the gather cop , only a sergeant be not quite convinced . sergeant where the fuck do that come from ? the other cop ignore the query . lt walk away . lt have successfully cover himself , but he walk off cursing and mumble . veronica be laugh demonstratively in the background . lt ( to himself ) I can not fuck believe it ... lt be further away now from the scene of willie be murder and he own debacle . lt overhear something . cut off he mutter . a group of cop be talk about the big news from the early morning . cop a but I still can not fuck believe they would rape a nun , man ... lt stop in he track . the erotic import of this conversation have seize lt 's imagination . he head toward the cluster of cop , cut in . lt ( to the cop ) what 's this shit about a nun get rape ? cop B where the fuck have you be ? it happen this morning , up at St. dominiek 's in Spanish harlem . a coupla punk tore up the place and then give it to the nun but good . the cop turn away , continue to talk among themselves . lt walk away . CUT to : ext : night - a CITY hospital parking lot lt pull up . Parks near a group of other cop , wait by they car . hospital fauna pass by in the background : doctor , nurse , patient in all stage of recovery or relapse . the hospital itself rise in the background . it look like a prison . lt leave he car , head for the group of cop . he join they , sit down on the hood of a nearby car . the cop be all drinking heavily . present be the bet cop , and several other familiar cop from previous scene . lt what 's go on ? first cop they rape a nun and tore up the church -- they even take a crap on the altar . up in Spanish harlem . second cop she be only seventeen ... a cop open he trunk -- he have a bar inside . the cop , include lt , respond enthusiastically . drink up . first cop who the fuck could do this ?! old irish cop the young nun 's just a kid from Ireland . imagine have to come here to have that happen ! second cop Jesus ... what 's she gonna tell she mother ? old irish cop I be gonna kill that motherfucker . the cop keep drinking . all of they loung around on or beside the car . lt watch quietly , take it all in . as if follow the motto : " he who define himself , confines himself . " third cop the Church already put up a $ 50,000 reward ! first cop well , one of we be gonna get it . I mean -- get they . the first cop raise a toast . first cop here 's to payback for the nun ! the cop all whoop and cheer . second cop anyone get any lead , at all ? first cop we get shit to go on . only that list of inventory -- what they steal from the church . third cop y'know they actually steal that wacky purple robe ? and they take the chalice -- with the host still inside ! second cop what do they want with the host ? third cop they be hungry . I dunno . they do not want to hock the host , they want to hock that golden chalice . cop avoid each other ' eye . competition have begin . no one share information , each after the reward for himself . lt burst out , swing into high gear . lt leave it to the Catholic Church , man . Girls get rape everyday , and now they be gonna pay 50 G just because this chick wear penguin suit ! some of the cop laugh , other be offended . old irish cop ( to lt ) what 's you fuck problem ?! lt the Church be a racket . old irish cop so what . be you a Catholic ? lt sure ! old irish cop do you believe in God ? lt do not reply . he 's think . the bet cop and a couple of other , familiar gambler cop move in . they have get nothing on they mind but the World Series . bet cop ( to lt ) to Hell with this God stuff . how 's that strawberry ? he do what ever you want he to , huh Lieutenant ? even strike out ! ( beat ) I bet you win a shitload on oakland . how much , huh ? lt come down off the car hood . now he have to feign pride in he suppose big bet on oakland . lt have to convince the cop to keep betting -- he can not afford to pay they all off . unfortunately , the cop all think lt just score big , himself . lt more than you do . gambler cop two well , let 's see some green ! lt if you know what 's good for you , you will keep stay on oakland ! bet cop oakland ? be that how you be go ? lt nod " yes . " a outright lie . lt yeah . sure . do not you get it ? the series have gotta last seven game . the last two do , do not they ? it 's a racket . do you have any idea how much money they make sell television - time for commercial during the series ? especially if it 's a New York team ? they will not close the gold mine after only four game . it will last a full seven . too many people wanna milk it for what it 's worth . you will see ! bet cop all right ... I be in . after all , you be the expert . ai not that right , lt ? several cop , include some of the cop who have be hang out in front of the hospital , go double or nothing on oakland . lt take they bet money -- $ 900 . one cop do not go along with the deal . lt painfully pay he off . lt you will be sorry , man . but if you wanna be a sissy , here 's you bread . lt sit back on top of he car , drinking heavily . he toast strawberry . the other be uneasy . why toast strawberry ? cop one strawberry ? I think we be go with oakland . lt we be , man ! that 's the point ! if the Met win , it 's thanks to strawberry . if oakland win , it 's thanks to strawberry . nothing can happen out there on the field that do not gotta do with strawberry . so here 's to strawberry ! the other join in the toast , but be uneasy . CUT to : int : late night - corridor of a CITY hospital - hunting for the nun the hospital be a inferno . lt exploit he cop privilege ; show he badge to the guard . he want to get into the inner sanctum . Beyond where even cop be allow to go . he want to get to the nun . a sexy nurse stop he . nurse can I help you ? lt can not help but check she out and flirt . lt I be in charge of the investigation . just check security . nurse ( suspicious ) Security ? lt do you want that guy come back ? for the nun ? or for you ? the nurse look at he , unsure , then walk off down the corridor . lt continue he hunt . he come upon a door that be plaster with " quarantine " sign . one too many , perhaps . lt sense the nun be inside . he have to open the door , but hope he will not get a blast of disease in he face . he cross himself -- wear a smirk , but nonetheless . go on instinct , lt open the door a crack . he 's right . it 's the nun . he position himself outside the door , keep it open a few inch . he peek inside without be see . CUT to : int : late night - the nun' hospital examining room from just outside the door , lt peep -tom on the nun while she be be examine . he see she stark naked , laid out on a table , she leg spread wide apart . the doctor , nurse , counselor work on the nun as if they be automaton . they do not grasp either the humanity or the trotitism of the scene . lt do . the image of the alabaster nun turn he on no end . yet there be also a deeper pathos to the scene . and the nun be spectacularly beautiful . she do not speak . look like a pieta . a doctor in a white - coat read the medical report to a female cop . the female cop write down the detail on a hard - back pad . as if it 's a parking ticket . the move contrast between the word and the image seem to be apparent to lt -- and the nun -- alone . doctor ( to female cop ) they insert a crucifix eleven centimeter into she vaginal aperture , break the hymen membrane . then they pursue the same course with they natural organ of sexual penetration . they use a sharp object , probably a hunt knife with a curve blade , to carve a cross between she shoulder blade , enter the flesh a average of nearly one centimeter throughout the area of the wound . they -- finally , as if she know he be there all along , the nun look up at where lt be hide and boldly meet he eye . CUT to : int : very late night - ariane' apartment lt have be there for some time . they be alone . they have both be drinking and coking . lt be carry on about the nun . as he speak about various subject , he tone change radically . from contempt and cynicism to profound reverence . from decadence -- to awe . ariane , too , manage to switch from one attitude to the other . lt have you ever see a naked nun ? I tell you , man , I go to school with the nun , I have see hundred since then and I have never even see a nun 's belly button , you understand ? but this nun , let I tell you . what a beautiful lady ... ( snap out of he awe ) and where would the Church get the 50 G in the first place ? the fuck Church be the biggest scam go . you know what 's the real killer ? it cost $ 8,000 per kid for they to go to parochial school . I have get three kid in there already , with two on the way ! Christ . that fuck reward be my money , man ! but that 's Church policy . the Pope be the world 's biggest bookie . make people bet on they own salvation ! double or nothing on Heaven . you go to Hell -- then go to Hell . in the beginning be the Word , and the Word be bullshit . ariane can not stop think about the rape . ariane I can not get over what that guy do to she . I just can not . lt they be alive , be not they ? come on , man ! everyone 's make such a fuck fuss , just because she 's a nun . just because she wear a penguin suit , the church put up 50 G for the guy who dare to rape she . do you think they would put up a dime if you get rape ? of course not . or even for you little sister ? the virgin ? like shit they would . ariane susie 's not a virgin anymore . lt she 's fuck nine year old ! Jesus Christ . ariane suddenly start up . ariane and the nun 's not a virgin anymore , either . will they make she leave the convent ? lt think for a moment . lt who know ? who know what they policy be . ( sudden dreamy reverence ) but I will tell you , man , that nun ... she be beautiful . just beautiful ... tall ... Real tall ... I have never see anything like it ... lt snap out once again , grab the telephone . he dial lite . he 's not in . lt leave ariane' number on limelite's beeper . hang up . lt ( to himself ) lite , man ... where the fuck be you ? ariane can not get the image of the rape out of she mind . ariane it 's horrible . they burn she breast with cigarettes . Christ . lt yeah ? at least she 's alive ! I see people get kill every day ! worse yet , torture first and then kill ! the nun get off easy . jeez. cigarette burn . everyone 's all upset about fuck cigarette burn . I will show you cigarette burn ! lt stub out he cigarette on the back of he hand . he do the move with intensity and bravado . ariane respond by calmly do the same . but she do it entirely impassively , and rub the cigarette into she flesh longer than lt do . ariane come over to lt and start kissing and lick he chest . ariane do you believe in God ? do you believe that Jesus Christ be the Son of God ?. lt hesitates . ariane kneel down in front of lt . as if in prayer . she start give he head . before he can answer the question , he be save by the bell . the phone ring . lt pick up immediately . it 's lite . as lt speak to lite , ariane continue to give he head . lt ( to lite ; over the phone ) yeah , I know , I know all about it . enough already about the fuck nun . yeah . yeah . so just take the bet . do not give I any hassle , man . just put in my bet . 30 G 's. yeah . and I get $ 900 from the cop on oakland . yeah . right . strawberry 's gonna knock they dead . of course he be ! you know that ! yeah . yeah . have faith , man ! ok . right . lt hang up , think ariane will not resurface the God question . ariane do , even as she give he head . every time she speak , she pull away and it frustrate he . this dialectic continue throughout the scene . ariane do you believe in God ? lt think about it , even as ariane get he hotter and hotter . lt the Church be a fuck racket . I know how they operate . I have be part of the racket since the first time some faggot priest spilt water on my head . my aunt lu say I be cry all the way through . yeah , I know they game inside out . now I be free of it and I be gonna stay that way . ariane I be not talk about the fuck Church . fuck the Church . but tell I . do you believe in God ? lt what 's to believe ? ariane that Jesus Christ be the Son of God and he come to die for you sin . lt can not respond . he 's distract by he own pleasure . ariane do something oc that cause lt sudden pain . lt cry out . snap to attention . look at ariane . ariane you sin , Lieutenant ! ( beat ) and look around you ! where do you think all this shit come from ? ariane give he head again . lt be more excited now than before she hurt he . lt people . ariane you believe that man be the be-all and end -all ? lt yeah . ariane ok . ok . Fine . but -- do you believe in God ? as if in answer . lt begin to recite the act of contrition lt I believe in God the Father almighty , creator of Heaven and Earth ... this turn on ariane . she stop talk . writhes and grapples he . lt be reach climax . when describe Jesus rise again -- lt have a orgasm . CUT to : ext int : very late night - lt's car lt drive , drunk and fire -up . he have a bottle of vodka in the car . Pov lt - a car with only one taillight . a cyclops in the darkness . under a streetlight , jersey plate be visible . so be the two inebriated , leather - clad girl inside . lt pull they over . lt come on to they . he 's way out there . the girl be smashed . lt note they " heavy Metal " cross , and question they . lt you would not put some religious trip on I , would you ? jersey girl uh-uh ... what ? lt good . show I you papers . lt look at they paper . point to the name to which the car be register . lt who 's this person ? it be not you , and it be not you , so who be it ? girl my aunt . lt so you take the car from you aunt . stole it . be I right ? girl we be gonna give it back ! we be on we way home , now ! lt yeah , yeah . lt get into the car , look around . he find a bag of pot . lt wave the pot in front of the girl . lt now why do not I just call up you aunt right now and tell she what 's go down . how about that ? the girl be petrify . lt grin . he take out he own rolling paper , start to roll a joint with they pot . lt well , I be sure we could arrange something ... unless you fancy a few day in jail ... he blackmail they into humiliate sex scene . on a side street off eleventh Avenue , lt play it out until dawn . CUT to : day three : game five : lt lose $ 30,000 ext int : dawn - the church / convent lt drive up erratically and park he car in front of the church / convent . lt stumble into the church . alone now , he note various aspect of the desecration , but can not see much because he 's blind drunk . the enormous , graphically bloody crucifix confront he . he collapse immediately into a pew . sleep . time pass CUT to : int : morning - church / convent lt wake up . ruckus all around he . the cop be there in force -- include some of the guy from the bar , the uptown murder and the hospital parking lot . they be privately check out the scene of the crime , look for lead that will give they a advantage . everyone want the two nun to talk . the nun be in a circle of interrogator . at first , lt can not even see they . the elderly nun be attack but not rape . they carve cross on she . in the background , the question have already begin . the interrogator become increasingly frustrated . it can be hear in they voice . they want the reward , and -- despite a certain constipate " respect " in they attitude -- the cop be willing to browbeat the nun to get it . lt silently bum a coffee off a cop and stagger into the ring . lt hang back in the crowd , stare at the young nun as the cop interrogate both nun . cop 1 can not you tell we anything ? sister ? anything at all ? the elderly nun speak up . elderly nun they break my glass . I do not see anything , but I do hear they . they be young . and there be two of they . they speak Spanish . one of they be name julio . lt , on the sideline , turn to a older cop . lt mutter he commentary lt ( to older cop ) julio . great . there be 20,000 spic name " julio " . the elderly nun lower she head . shame . elderly nun I would tell you more if I could . I be so sorry , officer . now the cop be magnetize by the young nun . she do not appear to need glass . evidently , she could give the cop what they want . cop 2 what about you , sister ? wo not you tell we anything ? lt watch the young nun as -- Pov lt - the young nun smile a quiet , intractable smile . cop 2 be scream mad , but try to hide it . lt have observe they interaction . though he would have love to have hear some information from the young nun , she defiance give he even more pleasure . the monsignor come forward to " translate " the nun ' stubborn silence . he be possess by a conventional sort of ambition -- this be he big chance . he would like to be cardinal some day , but never will be . he enjoy the spotlight as he pontificate . monsignor listen . one nun be nearly 80 year old . I be not from this Church , of course , but I assume they will be get she a new pair of glass . apparently she 's legally blind without they . the sister who suffer a rape be just 17 . she arrive from Ireland only a couple of month ago . this -- event -- be just too much for they to take ! the monsignor clear he throat demonstratively , take a dicitous tone . monsignor listen . the Church would like to know who do it just as much as the nypd . this arrant criminal break the law of man , and the law of God . the Church want nothing more than to see they behind bar . that 's why we be offer the $ 50,000 reward to whomever bring they in . I be sure we hero will be one of New York 's finest . the young nun shoot the monsignor a offended look . it appear for a moment as if the young nun make eye contact with lt . but he can not be sure . lt leave the crowd , disappear out the door . CUT to : int : late afternoon - rush hour - lt's car - 54 th STREET at fifth avenue lt be drive through heavy traffic while listen to game five on the radio . he coke up . he mumble to himself . game five be close , and feature strawberry . as lt listen , he react physically to the change status of the game . he drive crazy through the street , pound the ceiling . he 's so coked , he 's bounce out of he skin . lt drink vodka out of a pint bottle in he coat . strawberry overthrow a sacrifice fly from canseco and the a 's win . lt shoot out the car radio . lt lose ! he 's $ 30,000 down . cover himself , he put the light on top of he car . turn the siren on . scream curse , he drive through the street , careen like a madman . pedestrian run away in terror . CUT to : int : afternoon '' " white " church '' he daughter's first communion cu '' lt's EIGHT year-old daughter take the wafer for the first time . lt be dress to kill . look like a corpse . he watch he daughter be first Communion and be truly move . remember he own past . while the rest of the attendant extended family , friend , and some cop enter the communion parade , lt stand alone at the back of the church like a usher . he hold the collection basket and quietly watch the whole scene . lt , he betting friend who be not a cop come up beside he . lite ok asshole . you owe thirty grand . now what be you gonna do ? lt I wanna go double or nothing on the next game . lite double or nothing ? be you fuck out of you mind ? lt I be not gonna let that bastard take my money lite take you money ? this guy will blow up you house and everyone in it ! lt ( stoic ) there 's just no way the Met will lose this game . gooden be pitching and strawberry be ready to break out . lite look he friend up and down as if he 's lose he mind . lite fuck strawberry . you be gonna end up owe 60 G to a homicidal maniac ! lt that 's my problem . just put in my bet . lite gesture assent , but be not happy . he wait a moment , look around . Pov lite - lt's friend and family . lt's daughter in she communion dress . from the pristine interior of the " white church " we -- hard CUT to : int : afternoon '' the church / convent the interior of the church / convent be still desecrate . in stark contrast to the " White Church " ( above , scene 22 ) . police rope have cordon off certain desecrate area of the church . in other place , mop and sloppy bucket of shit - water wait for someone to finish clean up . lt appear to be entirely alone in the church . he be desperate for clue . he search for lead and perhaps , for something else ... cu - he light a candle , give a quarter -- then lt light he crackpipe ever the flame . suddenly the nun appear . lt hide , watch as the nun enter the confessional once she be ensconce inside , lt stealthly approach the confessional and from right outside -- a tantalize proximity -- he listen as she confess to the priest . ( this be a elderly priest with a strike , unusual voice . not the monsignor from the cop ' interrogation of the nun . scene 20 . ) nun forgive I Father , for I have sin . it have be two day since my last confession . Father , my sin be a terrible sin . a sin of omission . there be another sin that happen at the same time , and in the same place , but my sin I think be graver stil . priest sister , we all know what happen to you yesterday morning . I expect that you would want to speak to I about it . but you could have come to my office . you be here , in the confessional , imply that you , sister , have do something wrong . you have not . I assure you . I fear you might have misplace feeling of guilt . if you condemn yourself because you experience feeling of ... curiosity or even ... pleasure , you must not -- the nun laugh . at first , it sound like cry . but it be a strange , low laughter . nun Father , if it be so trivial , so natural , so -- no. I have sin . and you must listen if you be to prescribe a appropriate act of contrition , and to absolve I . Father , what would you do if you have but one day in which to use you arm to serve God ? priest it 's funny , you know . but the first thing I think of be knead the bread that I help bake for the soup kitchen . maybe that 's because my the muscle in my arm still hurt . nun I also think of that bread , Father . and of that night six day ago when the mother Superior die , and I keep the cool , damp cloth on she forehead freshly moist . Father , what would you do if you have but one day in which to use you leg to serve God ? priest I think of run for help , and fall to my knee in prayer . nun as I have pray day and night since the desecration of this church yesterday morning -- and my sin . you see , Father -- priest yes , sister ? nun yesterday morning , God give I but one chance to use something else to serve him . not my arm or my leg , but something I use for the first time , for the last time , and will never use again . my vagina . outside the confessional . lt react to the explicit word . shock. titillation and fascination . nun that boy , that sad , raging boy ... they come to I as the needy do . and like many of the needy , they be rude . like all the needy , they take . and like all the needy , they need . ( beat ) Father . I know they ; they learn in we school . and play in we schoolyard . and they be good boy . priest you know they ? ( beat ) who be they , sister ? who be this boy ? what be the name of this -- good boy you know ? outside the confessional , lt stiffen . this could be the clue he need to solve the case . nun I could tell you they name now , and I know you would be bound by a sacred vow to keep my secret . but I can not tell you they name . for I , too , be bound . as I be bound now to confess my sin . so listen , Father listen . ( beat ) I be a nun . what do I give that boy that they could not have find elsewhere ? nothing . nothing at all . there be always two of we in the act . the act be half my own . it do not seem to I the act be half the act of a once of Christ . ( beat ) it be the lose chance that will remain on the ledger of my sin . not the loss of my virginity . the rape force upon I a choice . as a vessel of the spirit . I could have imbue my vagina with God . or , I could have turn away from God and void my body of spirit , so that all that be leave for that boy be a lump of flesh . I choose the second path . the easier , path . the path of the material world . the path no nun have the right to take . and so , I sin . ( beat ) my vagina spread , but spread no word . it open , on nothingness . it give nothing at all and leave nothing behind . no trace of my act , yes my act . for I be there , too , remain in the landscape of God . the nun be description of the rape be both a turn on for lt and a matter of profound curiosity . something divine . his silent reaction embody both decadence and awe . this apparent paradox can find unify expression in he character , though at other moment it threaten to tear he apart . the tension between the two polarity will propel he toward he destiny . nun Jesus turn water to wine . I ought to have turn bitter semen to fertile sperm -- hatred to love . and maybe to have save they soul . they do not love I . I ought to have love they . as Jesus love that who revile he . I ought to have surprised that boy . instead , they surprised I , and get no surprise at all . no , they do not rape a nun . but a nun have be rape . and the nun must now atone for she sin . for a god-given part of she be waste . a part which other woman use for procreation , for conjugal fulfillment , for expression of love . I have but one chance . and I do nothing but react in pain . ( beat ) when that boy place they hand upon my breast , they have nothing but a assortment of skin cell in they grasp . they ought to have feel , through I . the bosom of they redeemer . when they lay on top of I and look down into my eye , they see fear . they should have meet the eye of a lover , and feel the presence of the Prince of peace ... ( beat ) my vagina . I shall never have again . and never again shall I encounter two boy whose prayer be more legible , more poignant , more anguish . two young man who throw themselves upon the altar and take I with they . and I do nothing for they . I can only hope that someone will . lt can not help but start up . as if , telepathically , the nun know he be there and cry out to he . ask he to complete she mission . lt sense the confession be over . as the priest begin to speak again , lt snap to and return to he original hide place , near the candle . lt watch as the nun exit the confessional , kneel , hold she rosary bead , and begin to whisper the act of contrition -- what lt recite as ariane give he head . the nun do penance . lt watch she , still hide , and transfix . cut from the nun to -- CUT to : int : evening - ariane' apartment cu - lt fuck a nun . its ariane . this time lt do not rebel against the religious import of this last day . Rather , he incorporate it into they sex . he have dress ariane as a nun . now it be silent pantomime that express both decadence and awe . CUT to : int : late night '' lt's home '' queen follow lt as he walk through he home late at night . each room have several family member in it , all asleep . even the twins sleep in tandem , on match bunk beds . lt sit down in the kitchen . all be silent , peaceful . a moment pass . lt stand up and go over to the refrigerator . he take out a carton of milk . sit back down . drink the milk . lt calmly look at what 's on the kitchen table . a pile of bill , note attach from he wife : " pay this . " a group of photo from the communion , already quickie develop . they be spread out all over the table . a morning tabloid newspaper , strawberry feature on the cover . lt finish look at the various artifact of he life . he sigh , lean back , appear to be -- dare we say it -- at peace . fade to black ; hard CUT to : day four : game six : lt lose $ 60,000 ext : late afternoon - shea stadium - the six game of the world series the massive crowd roar . the stadium be deck out in the red , white , and blue bunting signify the world series . a row of uniformed cop be in the front row . among they -- lt . he watch strawberry as -- with win run on , strawberry take strike three , to lose the game . as strawberry walk off the field , he and lt face off . one on one . lt have lose the $ 60,000 bet . he know how heavy this be . that he life be new in danger . the crowd vent its rage . the deafen SOUND take on a sensuous rhythm and become dance music , as -- from extreme cu - the black face of strawberry , we -- fade to black ; fade up to : int : evening - limelight nightclub half -nude dancers whirling in and out of sight , round and round in the strobe- flashed darkness . the dance music steal one sense , make conversation nearly impossible . people communicate in pantomime . lt push he way through the crowd he crane he neck , desperately search for someone . at last , he spot he target . Pov lt - a resident coke dealer . his face be visible , float above the writhe crowd . lt pursue he . finally catch he . they mime the deal . lt busy some coke for immediate use . lt do the coke off he wrist as he move through the crowd . lt tremble , frantic and manic-high , as he go to he meeting with lite . lt plow he way through the crowd , head toward the back of the club and the entrance to the v.i.p room . even this state , when he sight acquaintance . lt turn on the charm and work the room . lt near the v.i.p. room . Pov lt - the entrance to the v.i.p. room be guard by a purple velvet rope and a effete doorman . when the doorman sight lt , he lift the rope , nod respectfully at the habitual patron . CUT to : int : evening - limelight nightclub - the v.i.p. room lt arrive . the v.i.p. room be more laid - back , less populous than the throng - fill cave outside . the music be mute here , and more interesting . partier sit at the bar , or at cocktail table . chic waitron serve the clientele : hotshot bohemian regular , drug dealer and hopeful rich addict . in the privacy of the v.i.p. room , drug use be hardly conceal . lt sashays over to lite be table , sit down . lt have take on a attitude of false bravado . he greet lite with a crazy grin . lite be grim , do not respond in kind . he 's not amused . lt order a vodka . lite do you have the money ? lt ( giggle ) what money ? lite do not bullshit I . lt keep do coke off hs wrist , even as not speak to lite . lt can not seem to wipe the smile off he face . lt I do not get it . not tonight . you can not get blood from a stone . lite this psycho can . lt oooo ... Big fuck scary guy . just put $ 120,000 on tomorrow 's game . lite ( laugh in he face ) you be a fuck joke , you know that ? ( turn grim ) he 's be wait for the money since the fuck game end . and I have be wait here since -- forget it . listen up . you be gonna get we both fuck kill . you know that ! lt uh-uh . I be gonna win . just make sure the bet get in . a cocktail waitress deliver lt 's vodka . lt order another one , flirt with she -- she 's go in a flash . lt downs the vodka in one shot . lite you do know that he 's gonna blow up you house , kill you wife and kid -- lt good . I will give he a extra 10 grand for he trouble . I hate that motherfuck house and -- lite he 's gonna kill you , man . do you hear I , motherfucker ? you. Dead . get it ? lt I have be dodging bullet since I be fourteen . no one can kill I . I be fuck bless . I be fuck Catholic . this break lt up . he laugh until he cry . lite watch the spectacle . Falls silent . they sit quietly for a moment . lt , impatient with the delivery of he second vodka , take a bottle cut of he coat and re-fill he glass . drink it down . lite try change the subject . lite how 's the case go ? lt what case ? lite the fuck rapist , man . the punk who rape that nun . the $ 50,000 reward from the Church ! remember ? lt yeah . sure . yeah . we be on it bigtime . lot of lead . you bet . lite that 50 G could help you -- lt look as lite as if he 's crazy . he shake he head . sing - song at he as if try to teach a impair student . lt the Met be gonna win the Series . they be a lock . a change come over lt . he lean in , get seriously excited . lt be possess by he memory of this afternoon 's game . lt get this , man . I be at the game today . face to fuck face with strawberry ! Jesus ! I see he strikeout . and you know what ? he look at I , and I look at he , and he laugh and I laugh and it be like we be all alone in that whole stadium and only we understand that it be all a racket , that he strike out on purpose , and that he 's save it up for the Big one . tomorrow . today I understand for the very first time that -- lite you have really get a problem . lt shake he head . repeat himself in that sing -song , didactic way . lt -- that there be never any other way it could have go . ( beat ) never any other way . so you have better just put in my fuck bet . $ 120,000 on the last game . the Big one. come on ! be you a bookmaker , or fuck what ? lite here . look I will give you the psyho 's number you call he yourself and tell he wnat you want . lite stand up . he write the bookie' number on a matchbook and give it to lt . lite lean over and give lt a final warning . lite you could not pay 60 . you lose , you will be in for 180 . to a guy who kill people for nothing . lt laugh . he 's already onto the next thing . he check out the girl at the other table . lite take to go . then decide to try once more to get lt 's attention . lite I be suppose to meet he at midnight with the 60 . it 's already 1:00 am . be careful . I mean it . lt be still laugh as lite leave the v.i.p room . before go out the door , lite turn to look one more time at he friend . Pov lite - lt be engage in a clumsy come - on . oblivious . the last thing lite see be lt grab a cocktail waitress ' leg and fall out of he chair . lt laugh all the way to the floor . lite lower he head and exit . lt get up a moment later , brushes himself off , and swagger out of the v.i.p. room . CUT to : int : night - the limelight club lt be in the throng again . the music blast , the partier push and shove ... lt elbow he way through the crowd . he make move on girl . banter with patron . at the door , he hesitates before go out , dally with the bouncer . lt feel safe in the club . New he 's gotta go outside . he 's shit -scare . ext . lt leave the club for the STREET , look over he shoulder all the way . CUT to : int : night - stairwell of j.c.' apartment build lt enter a apartment build , face a dark and sinister staircase . strange noise come from the apartment above . lt climb . he hug the wall , gun at the ready . to lt , it seem some gothic horror may await he at any turn . on one landing , he come upon a pit - bull . a grandmother pull he back inside a apartment by the leash . on another landing , he see a junkie shoot up in the shadow . on another landing , a big guy come barrel out of he apartment and down the stair , almost bring lt down with he . on another landing , a guy be take out very peculiar garbage . it might be body part to a active imagination . at last , he reach the door to the apartment for which he 's be look . hard CUT to : int : night - j.c.' straight puerto rican apartment a cheerful apartment . quite different in atmosphere from the stairwell , above . a large , multi-generation puerto rican family sit around the dinner table , eat chicken on rice and bean . jc be at the table . RELIGIOUS artifact abound . a code knock on the door . jc jump up to answer it . it 's lt . ( the hideous stair lead here . ) jc let he in . jc how be you do , man ? lt very good . very good . the Met be gonna win tomorrow . jc note lt 's bizarre manner . decide to humor he paranoid catatonia . jc I know . here . just a moment . jc reach into a bookcase , look for something . meanwhile , lt look around the room . Pov lt - a shrine be in the corner . candle be light before plaster saint , african deity , other icon abstruse and exotic . a large " madonna and child " , paint on black velvet , hang above the shrine . the madonna and child be black . lt take this all in . jc startles he . jc be hold a cigar BOX . he open it . it 's full of cash . jc hand it to lt . jc this should be it . oh , wait . ( to a old woman at the table ) mamacita ? mamacita take some vial of crack out of she apron . smile . jc take they from she , give they to lt . jc there . now you have get you profit and more . you will have more product day after tomorrow , right ? lt ( very space ) uh - right . sure . the Met be gonna win tomorrow . jc I know . ( beat - look at lt with concern ) take care of yourself , man , ok ? be cool . lt nod , put mamacita's crack vial in he pocket . he notice that -- Pov lt - cu - the cigar BOX be inlaid with a cross , make of costume jewel . other strange symbol surround it . it could be curse -- or bless . lt turn to go . the door close behind he . he 's go . CUT to : ext : night - STREET near ariane' apartment lt walk through the street on the way to ariane be . he carry the cigar BOX . suddenly , a shot ring out . zoom in on - cu lt horror . doubtless it be mean for he . lt panic . freezes . as in a dream , he cannot run . Pov lt - rapid . erratic . hand held - lt look for sniper in the anonymous dark window on the anonymous dark wall that create the mescarole canyon of the STREET . lt be entirely alone . he be stock -still , victim of he own terror . suddenly . lt can move . he take out he gun , press himself against the nearest wall . from that position , he hear -- a brash female voice , come from somewhere in the darkness . it be almost as loud as the " shot " . brash female voice ( oc ) hey motherfucker ! take that backfire up the ass ! lt can not believe that there be no " sniper " , there be never any shot . it be a backfire ! angle - the car in question pass by . it honk , defiantly . evidently , it be the car that have backfired . brash female voice ( oc ) fuck you . lt be still press against the wall , gun at the ready . he can not be relieved . the terror be with he . CUT to : int : late night - ariane' apartment lt rush in , triple bolt the door behind he . he immediately pull the drape . lt someone just take a shot at I ... ariane laugh . ariane sure , baby sure and you do not do cocaine , either . lt turn on she . adamant . plead with she to believe he . lt it 's not the drug , ariane , it 's -- it 's someone who want to kill I . ( beat ) you gotta believe I ! ariane ( shrug ) why ? ariane walk away , speak with she back to lt . lt just kick back , baby . make yourself at home . ( suddenly piss ) but of course it will not be nobody 's home , if you do not come through with the fuck rent ! lt lay he coat down on the bed . put the cigar BOX of money under it . lt sit down near the phone . he light he crackpipe with a match from the matchbook on which lite write the bookie' number . then he try to reach the bookie . some sort of wacky mob joint answer . lt hello ? be large there ? mob voice ( oc ) no. lt look , man . lite give not this number . ok ? just take a message . tell large to fuck call I right away at 123 - 1234 . get it ? mob voice ( CO -- phony humble ) sure , I get it ... ( laugh ) lt I be a good friend of lite 's , man . it 's urgent that -- the mob voice ( CO ) hang up on lt . lt try to strangle the phone . lt redial . the line be busy . lt Christ ! shit ! I could kill they all with my bare hand . ariane who ? lt that fuck mob asshole . lt make the strangulation gesture again . ariane laugh at he . ariane c'mere . you get some good blow , right ? lt yeah . ariane then c'mere . I get something for you . ariane pull out a pristine needle . lt come but flinch at the sight . apparently bowtay overhear that drug be on the way . bowtay appear out of the kitchen . bowtay sit down near by , await she dose . ariane start prepare the dose . she 's get all the paraphernalia : spoon . cotton , a candle flame , etc . ariane first I will put you uptown in the spoon , then , to make it more exciting , I be gonna add some downtown . they call this thing a speedball , honey , but then you must know that ... ( beat -- she lean in ) first time shoot up ? lt Nah ... ariane sure it be . you be a virgin . just like that nun . and I be gonna rape you . that decide it for lt . he sit down like a little boy and let ariane shoot he up with the potent mixture of cocaine and heroin . ariane shoot up bowtay , next . they do it on the bed , exploit all possible erotic connotation . when lt rush , he get totally paranoid . jump at sound , sneak to the window , hear noise that be not there . then he flip , and become crazy - bold . open the drape . stick he head out the window , wave he gun at specter . then he become shit -scare , again . his behavior be lunatic . ariane laugh at he antic . finally lt become wildly sensual . revealing himself with total abandon . dance . in the midst of this -- the phone ring lt be seriously startle . then he realize who it may be . he slowly answer the phone . lt can hardly speak . he be nude , and communicate from another world syllable by syllable . lt ( into the phone ) large ? large ( oc ) all right , cop . I want my money . lt it 's still my money . if you want to have a chance at any part of it , shithead , you will take my $ 120,000 and bet on tomorrow 's game . large ( oc ) what about the money you owe I on yesterday 's game ? lt fuck yesterday 's game . the World Series be seven game not six . put in my bet . large ( oc ) let I think about it . lt there 's nothing to think about . either you put in my bet or you be not get nothing . big silence on the phone . large ( CO -- lethal ) oh , really ? lt yeah , really . I be no fuck asshole , man . I be a fuck cop ! large ( oc ) ok , cop . I want you to give yourself and you friend on the force a message . tell they I have get my own reason to be very interested in whomever do the job on the nun . I will double the Church reward if you bring that punk direct to I . 100 G cash . get it ? lt absorb this , then burst out . lt fuck the nun , man ! I be talk about strawberry ! be the bet down ? large take a moment . large ( oc ) here 's the deal : you meet I tonight across from the Garden . 33rd &amp ; 8th . at the beginning of the ninth inning . we will listen to the end of the game together . you bring you cash , I will bring mine . lt yeah , sucker . you better be there ! lt hang up , turn to ariane . lt can you believe the nerve of this fuck guy ? he kill people for fun , and then , he put up 100 G to bring in some guy who rape a nun . what a sick fuck . man ... ariane who ? lt a wiseguy . pay 100 Grand for the rapist if I turn then over direct to he . ariane be eye light up . ariane but you could do it , baby . we could use the bread ... lt you mean you could use it . ariane shrug , wave he dig aside . lt leap up . he 's on a manic roll . conceive a insanely captivate , impossible idea . as he speak , he speed more and more until he seem to be recite a rapid-fire tongue twister perfect . lt I get it , man ! I will find that kid . and I will get the 50 G from the Church ! then the kid will go to jail . I will be in charge , of course . after a little while , I will break the fucker out -- and I will turn they in to shithead I be just talk to . and pick up he 100 G. no. I will hit he up for 200 G. or 250 G. l can do it -- ' cause I have get the kid . then , of course , there 's the 180 G I be gonna pick up on the game tonight -- when the strawberry win ! ariane " the strawberry " ? lt the Met . so anyway , chalk up another 180 G for the game . Jesus Christ ! that 's almost half a million dollar . ariane ! wait . that 's not good enough , I will ask the shithead for 280 G for the kid . then it will be a perfect 500 thousand . yeah . perfect . 280 G for the kid . yeah , it 's good I prepare , or I would not have think to -- ariane have be groove on it until now . she see a problem they have overlook . ariane ( cut in ) how come all that guy who be look to get 50 from the Church have not come up with shit ? you get some kinda inside track ? lt ( nod -- dead serious ) I be a Catholic . ariane laugh , decide to go with it . lt , out of breath from he tirade , let the downtown half of he dose kick in but good . he sit down in the same easy chair in which he nodd out the morning of the desecration . nodding out , he stare out the same window . his eye close . as it be that morning only four day ago , the sunrise be blood red . as if it be lt's dream , we -- CUT to : day five : game seven : lt get double or nothing : $ 120,000 int : dawn through high noon '' church / convent cu - the alabaster nun . she be lie cross -- probably have be all night . various angle . the still - desecrate church in all its endure glory . shaft of blood - red dawn - light . the nun . time pass . various angle . mid-morn ; the nun be still lie cross . time pass . various angle . High noon . the nun be still lie cross . suddenly -- lt appear in the doorway , a black silhouette against the white light of noon . for a moment , he watch she from a distance . the nun know he be there . after a time , she get up , go to the altar , kneel . as if wait for he . lt stagger down the center aisle . he 's carry the cigar BOX . lt join the nun , kneel next to she at the altar . angle - the chalice be still miss . they be all alone . at the altar , before the crucifix , lt confront the nun face to face . the nun hold she rosary bead . lt finally speak . he think she will be turn on by he offer of " help " . lt listen to I , sister , listen to I good . the other cop will just put the guy through the system . they be juvenile . they will walk ! get it ? but I will beat the system and do justice . Real justice . for you . the nun turn to run . nun I have already forgiven they . lt be desperate . he lunge forward . plead with she . lt come on lady ! they put out cigarettes on you tit , man ! get with the program ! do not you want they behind bar ? or away from the world for good ? how could you forgive this motherfu -- excuse I . this guy . how could you ? deep down , do not you want they to pay for what they do to you ? do not you want the crime avenge ? nun I have forgiven they . lt nun ! this boy still have they weapon , sister . you forgiveness will leave blood in its wake . what if they do it to other nun ? other virgin ? Old woman who die from the shock ? do you have the rights let this boy go free ? can you bear the burden . sister ? the nun turn to he , simple and pure , pure and simple . nun I have pray for day , Lieutenant . I have pray for the soul of the boy who rape I . and I have pray for my own soul , too . I know what I must do . and I know what I must not do . ( beat ) but you -- you -- it be you who need to pray . now , why do you want to kill this boy ? why -- really ? lt ( take yet another tack ) look. sister . no one have to get kill . we can solve this together . you and I -- as one . this boy be lose sheep . both Catholic -- do you know that ? and they be sick , sister . with a stress of the mind and of the soul . they need help . not just jail . not just psychiatry . they need the help that only the Church can give . please help I to help they . help I find they before the other do . the night be full of evil man , chase this boy with gun and club . we have charity and love on we side . I know that together , we could find they first , even in the dark ... nun the good reason be not always the real reason . talk to Jesus , Lieutenant . pray. ( beat ) you do you believe in God -- do not you ? that Jesus Christ die for you sin ? this blow he away . he have nothing to say to that . the nun have finish she morning prayer . for a moment , she look deep into lt 's eye . then she get up and leave lt alone in the church . lt come face to face with the mammoth crucifix . he be transfix . Pov - lt - jesus on the cross . soon , lt hear a voice . lt be not shocked or even surprised . he speak to jesus as to someone he 's know all he life . jesus ( oc ) I forgive you . lt I ? jesus ( oc ) I forgive you . lt you can not forgive I . after what I have do . ( beat ) I have fuck up bigtime . I have be bad . Real bad . jesus I forgive you . lt please . please do not forgive I . I have always hate you for that . Pov lt - the crucifix take on a hallucinatory radiance . take that aura with he , jesus come down off the cross , and move toward lt , who be still kneel at the altar . jesus I forgive you . lt why ? why can not you hate I ? hate I ! please ! help I ! ( confuse ) hate I ! help I ! hate I ! jesus I forgive you . lt why ? Jesus ! why I ? why can not I wash the ash from my forehead , year after year after year ? and why be I still drunk on you blood , the taste of you flesh on my tongue ? worst of all , why can not I feel the nail in my palm , the spear in my side , the crown of thorns round my head ? why do I have to know , over and over , that it be you . you who die ; die for my sin ! and that I will die for nothing . why ? jesus kneel down , knee to knee , face to face with lt . jesus I forgive you . lt why do I dream every night of the whore who bring you water on you road to death ? and why have I never forget that if she , then I -- lt avert he eye . when he look up again -- jesus be back on the cross . inert , and yet -- lt rise , move around the interior of the church . he stumble , struggle , plead . Falls , rise , fall and rise again -- as if wrestle with a invisible assailant . he collapse in a corner . lt oh God , my god. it 's goddamn good to be good . forgive I . Father , for I have sin . it 's still goddamn good to be good . jesus I forgive you . epiphany . bloody christ on the cross . hallelujah ! in the aftermath of he revelation , he notice , cleanly , a hunch , elderly black woman carry something toward the altar . he stagger toward she . yes . the elderly black woman have the chalice ! lt grab the chalice . the elderly black woman do not let go . lt the chalice . tell I ! who give it to you ! tell I where the fuck you get it ! take I there ! now ! at first , she do not speak at all . lt begin to cry . beg she to tell he . then he wield he pistol , repeat he plea . then break into tear . she speak at last . elderly black woman I can not tell you . gun in hand , lt get down on he knee . lt in the name of God , you must . elderly black woman my husband will give I Hell , mister . lt we have already get Hell , sister . she meet lt 's eye , seem to understand something . calmly , she tell he what he need to know . elderly black woman it 's very hard . he 's a -- you be not a cop , be you ? lt no . not a cop . elderly black woman my husband be a fence . he get this chalice from a couple of kid . just yesterday , I think . I steal it out of he shop so as to return it to where it ought to be . it 's a holy thing , you know . a holy thing . the elderly black woman let go of the chalice . now lt hold ten chalice in he hand , alone . he speak as if entrance . lt a holy thing . ( beat -- snap to ) let 's go . suddenly purposive , lt grab the elderly black woman by the arm . start pull she out of the church . he hold the chalice with the other arm , pick up the cigar BOX on he way out . manage to carry both item . when lt and the elderly black woman reach the door to outside , they both pause to genuflect . then lt grab she again and they rush out . CUT to : ext : afternoon - barrio street - en route to the fence lt walk the elderly black woman swiftly through the street toward the fence's shop . he still hold the chalice and the cigar BOX . people watch they pass and make way . as if they realize that something be happen -- on several level at once . the game have begin . it be on tv in every bar and shop window . in both English and Spanish . slowly but surely , the Met be lose . CUT to : int : late afternoon - the fence's shop lt and the elderly black woman enter the shop . lt be wield the chalice and the cigar BOX . he have true madness m he eye . Pov lt - the game be play on a couple dozen tv 's in the fence's shop ' the Met be still lose ! the fence , and elderly Black man , be sit in one of many easy chair . he do not seem surprised to see he wife . or the chalice . or lt ! it 's as if he expect they . fence you take the chalice . elderly black woman yes . fence you bring it back to the Church . and then it make it 's way back to I , again . elderly black woman yes . th fence burst out laughing . elderly black woman be you all right , honey ? fence I be gonna bring it back myself . the elderly black woman be obviously relieved . fence Jesus , woman ! what do you think ? you think I would get mad like I do that time you take that set of pot and pan ? that be twenty year ago . and how do you compare pot and pan and a chalice ? lt speak up suddenly . lt they both hold stuff you eat . after a beat , the fence and he wife start laughing . lt join in . fence ( to lt ) so what be you do here ? elderly black woman he want to know who bring in the chalice . fence that 's no mystery . julio and paolo bring it in , ( beat ) you do not want to hurt that boy , do you ? I mean , they sure as Hell have get something come , but it be not what the Law want to give they . you understand ? ( beat -- shake he head ) no . how could you understand . the fence seem to study lt . Pov fence - lo. wretched . the fence think again . fence well -- maybe you do . but I do not know where that boy be at right now . you will have to ask around . that boy on the corner will know . you will have to get it out of they . but they know . Pov lt - through the window of the fence's shop , a busy drug corner be visible . lt ( space ) thank you . and I will make sure the chalice get back where it belong . lt leave . chalice in hand . CUT to : ext : late afternoon - the street in the barrio - montage lt stumble through the street , question people about " julio and paolo " . no one know anything . lt stop people at random , get really desperate . he show people the chalice , ask they if they have see it before . no one have . lt play both addict and cop as it suit he need . by now , he look more like a homeless man than anything else . but none of he play - act or lethal threat get he anywhere . the game be everywhere , and the Met be still lose . finally , lt approach a hustling STREET dealer . he cop . the STREET dealer be wear a walkman , so the deal go down in mime . now , lt speak and want to be hear . lt hey -- have you see paolo or julio around ? the STREET dealer use he walkman and the result " deafness " to excuse he total lack of response . lt start mouthing word silently at the STREET dealer . no response . then , he -- silently -- begin to shout . the STREET dealer 's alarmed that he seemingly can not hear at all above the walkman music . he move the walkman away from he ear but do not take it off . STREET dealer what the fuck you want . lt you know , my uncle use to wear a walkman all the time . the walkman look just like yours . and you look something like my uncle . but one day he be stand in a puddle -- the puddle lock just like that one -- lt point to a puddle in which the STREET dealer be now stand . STREET dealer and what ? lt and he get electrocute . the STREET dealer try to consider what this crazy guy have just tell he , but before the STREET dealer can even react . lt lean in on he , show he gun and then he badge . lt look -- I do not know you , and you do not know I , but I be really in the mood to kill someone today and you be at the end of my gun . ( beat ) have you ever have day like that ? yeah , you have , so now you understand where I be come from . ( beat ) tell I ! where be julio and paolo ? the STREET dealer answer with absolute ease . that be all it be about ? no problem . STREET dealer they be at that abandon building last night . second floor . they be probably still there now . it 's next to the old convent . downtown a way . you know the place ... cu . lt - it hit he . the crackhouse where the kid hang out have always be right next to the church / convent where it a begin ! it suddenly make sense to he . lt complete be transaction , pay the STREET dealer for the drug bag . he take the cash out of the cigar BOX , revealing dozen of thousand of dollar . the STREET dealer stare at the wretch man with a box full of cash . CUT to : ext : evening - en route to the crackhouse lt , carry the chalice and the cigar BOX , head back downtown toward the crackhouse -- and the church / convent . in bar , tv store window , in snatch of stranger ' conversation , the final game be everywhere . the whole city have stop to watch it . lt be practically the only person in the street . worst of all , the Met be seriously behind . they be definitely losing . lt drag himself onward . CUT to : ext int : evening - the crackhouse lt bust in . fire shot , collar the kide . the kide be wear the purple robe from the church / convent . they also wear gold cross . lt handcuff they . the other crackhead race out . there be even a tv in the crackhouse -- play the game ! the SOUND be off . the Met keep lose . if anything will force lt to kill / and or take the kide into custody , this would seem to be it . julio who the fu -- lt shut up . let 's watch the game . lt sit down next to the kide . smoke with they , watch the game . lt must hold the pipe for they , as they be handcuffed . lt get they super-high , and himself likewise . he still hold he gun . the kide go along with it . take it moment to moment . all three , despite the situation , be heavily into the game . lt strawberry ... paolo yeah ... after a moment , lt get up . the kide understand that they must do the same . lt give I the robe . the kide hand over the purple robe and lt put they on . julio you be not a cop be you ? lt no. lt exit . take the kide along . he carry the chalice and the cigar BOX . CUT to : ext int : evening - lt's car and street en route to rendez - vous various angle - lt drive toward the fatal rendez-vous with the bookie . he be wear the purple robe from the church / convent and have the chalice and the cigar BOX . lt have the kide handcuff in the back seat . ( the scene mirror scene 2 . in which lt drive he own twins to school . ) the final game ( seven ) be on the radio . lt be listen , but also not listen . lt talk wildly about Jesus Christ . and about the misery they pass in the street . he wave he gun wildly , punctuate he speech with potentially lethal gesture . he aim the gun at julio and paulo , then at himself , then out the window , then at the kide , again . lt Jesus die for you sin , you motherfucker ! not I . no . I do not die for you sin . no , not I . Jesus go and do it . ( beat ) so why do you do what you do ? if you want to live , tell I now , motherfucker ! tell I now ! lt turn around and look at julio and paolo , both of they handcuffed in the back seat . Pov lt - cu - julio and paolo both have tear run down they cheek . silently . lt I forgive you . lt start crying too , at the same time cursing at the traffic . he drive wildly toward the Port Authority Terminal . the Met be come up from behind -- but it be a long shot . lt do not seem to care . he stare into space . CUT to : ext :/ int : evening - lts car - the port authority terminal lt stop he car -- next to a bus in a underground tunnel . lt get out . the kide do . lt follow fast . at the bus : he make they board at gun point . lt if you think you be not get on this bus , you be dead wrong . no fuck way be you gonna miss this bus , man ! you be probably the kind of kid who have you father drive you to school cause you could not catch the fuck bus . but no more , man . you be get on this bus and you be take it to the last fuck stop . so get on the fuck bus , man , ' cause you be life be not worth shit in this town . lt uncuff they and the kide get on the bus , dumbstruck . lt hand julio the cigar BOX . his " salvation . " the kide do not even know what be inside . they take it . lt get back into he car , take off . CUT to : ext / int : evening - lt's car - at 33rd STREET &amp ; 8 th avenue - at the rendez - vous with the bookie ext : lt pull up at the appointed spot . he await the arrival of the bookie . int : strawberry be up . the game can go either way . suspense . but not on the face of lt . he be dress in the purple robe , the chalice beside he in the car . the bookie pull up and -- without get out of he car -- he shoot lt in the head . the bookie speed off . ( we never see he behind the dark window , } lt be dead in he car . on the radio , the game be end . strawberry hit a home run and the -- Met win , the crowd roar . end credit . fin