badland by terence malick final version dialogue and Continuity fade in int . bedroom the time be 1959 . holly sargis , the 15 - year- old heroine , sit on she bed , petting she dog . the camera dolly back as she talk on voice over . holly ( v.o. ) my mother die of pneumonia when I be just a kid . my father have keep they wedding cake in the freezer for ten whole year . after the funeral he give it to the yardman ... he try to act cheerful , but he could never be consol by the little stranger he find in he house . then , one day , hope to begin a new life away from the scene of all he memory , he move we from Texas to Ft. dupree , South dakota . hold on full shot of bedroom . dissolve to ext . alley and street - series of angle - dawn the street and alley of Ft. dupree at dawn . on sound we hear the cluck of dove . a garbage truck appear . detail of the mechanism at the back of the truck . new angle kit carruther , the hero , a 25 - year - old garbageman , kneel beside a dead dog . he inspect it briefly . then look back at he friend and co-worker , cato , a stocky man in he forty . kit I will give you a dollar to eat this collie . cato inspect the dog . cato I be not go to eat he for a dollar ... I do not think he 's a collie , either . some kind of dog . they drive off . kit watch you head . new angle the truck come to a stop . kit bang on the driver 's door . kit hey . Woody . gimme a cigarette . woody wave he off . kit shrug to cato . kit Woody would not give I a cigarette . ( pause ) ever notice he do not talk much ? cato agree with this . they make a terrible racket , with no regard for the sleep of the neighbor . ext . STREET Holly , whisper some rhyme to herself , twirl a baton in the middle of a empty street . holly ( v.o. ) Little do I realize that what begin in the alley and back way of this quiet town would end in the badland of Montana . ext . alley kit try to sell a pass bum a pair of shoe . bum Nah . they would not fit . kit how do you know ? you have not try they on yet . bum Nah . kit gimme a dollar for they ... cost twenty new . the bum walk off . kit pitch the shoe to cato . kit why do not you see if they fit you ? cato pick they up and look at they . close on trash can kit be culling through a trash can , look for valuable . read other people 's mail , etc . kit ( o.c. ) this lady do not ever pay she bill . she 's gonna get in trouble if she do not watch out . cato , ignore he , pick up a magazine that be lie in the grass . when the camera return to kit , he have stripped off he apron . kit I throw enough trash for today , cato .... I will see you in the morning . he slap cato on the back and walk off . cato throw a mouldy loaf of bread at he back . cato catch ! kit what do you mean ? he throw the loaf back at cato . ext . alley kit walk through the desert alley of the sleep town ... as the MAIN title appear . he balance a steal mop on he finger ; he stomp a can and look around to see if anyone have spot he at this . as the credit end he see Holly in front of she house twirling she baton . he cross the street and introduce himself . ext . front lawn kit hi , I be kit . I be not keep you from anything important , be I ? holly no . kit well , I be just mess around over there , think I would come over and say hello to you . ( smile ) I will try anything once . ( pause ) what 's you name ? I say mine . holly Holly . kit listen , Holly . you want to take a walk with I ? holly what for ? kit well . I get some stuff to say . guess I be kind of lucky that way . most people do not have anything on they mind , do they ? Holly eye he suspiciously . ext . STREET they walk down the middle of the street . Holly have accept he offer . kit oh , incidentally , my last name be carruther . sound a little too much like udruther , '' do not it ? holly it 's okay . kit well , nobody ask I what I think . they just hang it on I . Holly break the silence that follow . holly you still in school ? kit Nah , I get I a job . holly ( o.c. ) do what ? kit well , I do not mind get up early , so I get a job throw garbage ... I be not in love with the stuff , okay . in the distance we hear Holly 's father call she . she ease off . holly that 's my father . I get to run . kit hey. wait a minute . when be I go to see you again ? Holly be not sure how to reply . holly well , I know what my daddy 's go to say . kit ( o.c. ) what ? holly can I be honest ? kit sure . holly well , that I should not be see with anybody that collect garbage . kit ( o.c. ) he will say that ? holly yeah . kit ( o.c. ) now what 's he know about garbage , huh ? holly nothing . kit ( o.c. ) there you go . holly well , I mean there 's nothing he want to know about it ... I have get to run . she wave goodbye and run off . kit wave back . ext . holly back yard Holly walk into the back yard , where she father be work . half - paint sign lean against the garage . father who be that ? holly just some boy . he throw some paint off he brush onto the ground . holly be that go to kill the grass ? he flick he brush teasingly at she foot . she retreat to a chair , giggle . holly you get some on my foot . father what would he want ? holly just want to know if we need any yardwork do ... I say no , and for he not to bother we . int . employment agency kit be talk with a clerk inside a employment agency . clerk ( o.c. ) you ever hold another job before ? kit I use to throw trash for the City . clerk you lose that one ? kit would not be here if I have not . clerk what kind of work do you think you would be qualified for ? kit I can not think of anything at the moment ... I would like you to write I out a slip , though , prove I come down here . the clerk leaf through he papers . clerk well , I think we could find you something ... work cattle over at the pen . kit sigh . kit well. what the hell . just hope there 's a breeze . the clerk give he a slip of paper . ext . front porch of holly house Holly see kit approach the house . holly ( v.o. ) he be handsomer than anybody I would ever meet . he look just like James Dean . she walk out the front door . kit hi. holly well , stop the world . kit quit my job . holly great . kit just seem like the right move ... whatcha do ? holly Spanish . kit ( o.c. ) how do you say " quit my job " in Spanish ? holly something mis trabajo . kit offer she a cigarette , which she decline . kit yeah , well , I be go to work as a cowboy now ... or think about it . it 's a routine , like anything . what do you think ? holly I do not know . he pull himself up onto the bannister beside she . kit well , at least nobody could get on I about wear this boot any more . she watch he intently . this make he uncomfortable . kit you want to go for a ride ? holly well , I get homework . kit ( o.c. ) bring it along . his forwardness surprise she . ext . downtown STREET in ft . dupree they be walk through the downtown area . kit kick a paper bag that someone have discard on the sidewalk . kit somebody drop a bag on the sidewalk . she appear nervous about be see alone with he . kit everybody do that , the whole town would be a mess ... hi. he greet a pass stranger . kit you be a redhead . holly I know . kit anybody ever call you " Red " ? holly yeah , but I do not like it . kit why not ? holly just do not ... I have get a headache . kit yeah ? he steer she toward he car , a customize mercury . as she get in , he ask she kit ( o.c. ) can I come around and see you tomorrow ? holly ( startle ) okay . ext . feedlot - series of angle we see kit at work at the feedlot . throw hay to the cattle , feed they pill , etc . holly ( v.o. ) kit go to work in the feedlot while I carry on with my study . Little by little we fall in love ... as I would never be popular in school and do not have a lot of personality , I be surprised that he take such a like to I , especially when he could have have any other girl in town if he would give it half a try . the montage include a shot of Holly run toward kit 's car for some rendezvous . holly ( v.o. ) he say that I be grand , though , that he be not interested in I for sex and that come from he this be a compliment . held never meet a fifteen - year - old girl who behave more like a grownup and be not giggly . he do not care what anybody else think . I look good to he , and whatever I do be okay , and if I do not have a lot to say , well , that be okay , too . ext . tree beside river kit and Holly be sit under a tree . play card on a blanket . Holly survey the area . holly what a nice place . kit ( absorb in game ) yeah , the tree make it nice . holly and the flower ... let 's not pick they . they be so nice . kit it 's you play . series of angle Holly 's father paint a picture . use a stereopticon to help with he background . track with kit drive down a street in he mercury . Holly sit watch football practice . holly ( v.o. ) of course I have to keep all this a secret from my dad . he would have have a fit , since kit be ten year older than I and come from the wrong side of the track , so call . we time with each other be limited and each live for the precious hour when he or she could be with the other away from all the care of the world . ext . underneath bleacher kit and Holly be neck underneath some bleacher . in the distance we hear the noise of the football practice . holly my stomach 's growl . kit there 's a old fudgesicle over there . you want it ? holly no . kit laugh , and start she laugh , too . kit somebody else be go to get it . holly I do not care . kit kid eat that kind of stuff in Korea . at this she expression turn serious . series of angle kit in closeup at a fence in the feedlot , a intense look on he face . various angle of the cattle in they pen . they look numb and morose . tight shot of Holly neck with kit . holly ( v.o. ) in the stench and slime of the feedlot , he would remember how I look the night before , how I run my hand through he hair and trace the outline of he lip with my fingertip . he want to die with I , and I dream of be lose forever in he arm . ext . holly back yard tight shot of Holly 's pet catfish in a bowl . CUT to wide shot of Holly with glove on carry the fish through the garden in back of she house . she look around warily , then throw it out among the melon . holly ( v.o. ) the whole time , the only thing I do wrong be throw out my fish when he get sick . later I get a new one , but this incident keep on bother I and I turn to kit . ext . STREET kit and Holly walk down a sidewalk in the residential part of town . kit be consol she about the fish . holly ( v.o. ) I do not mind tell kit about stuff like this , cause strange thing happen in he life , too , and some of the stuff he do be strange . ext . feedlot kit step on top of a dead cow , as though to convince himself that it be dead . holly ( v.o. ) for instance , . he fake he signature whenever he use it , to keep other people from forging important papers with he name ... int . holly bedroom - night the camera dolly back to reveal kit lie in bed . his attitude suggest that this be a scene of she fantasy . holly ( v.o. ) and as he lay in bed , in the middle of the night , he always hear a noise like somebody be hold a seashell against he ear . and sometimes he would see I come toward he in beautiful white robe , and I would put my cold hand on he forehead . ext . riverbank kit put on he jacket and head down a riverbank to the edge of the water . Holly come into view , buttone she blouse . holly do it go the way it 'uz suppose to ? kit yeah . holly be that all there be to it ? kit yeah . her question make he uncomfortable . holly gosh , what be everybody talk about ? kit do not ask I . silence . holly well . I be glad it 's over ... for a while I be afraid I might die before it happen ... have a wreck , some deal like that . kit point to a uproote tree lie in the water a hundred foot away . kit you see where that tree fall in the water ? he climb back up the bank . holly yeah ... the river must have wash the root away ... you do not care about anything I say , though . dissolve to ext . neighboring area Holly walk down the bank of the river . kit fall in behind she , carry a large stone . the camera dolly with they . kit you know what I think ? holly what ? kit that we should crunch we hand with this stone . that way we would never forget what happen today . holly but it would hurt . kit well , that 's the point , stupid . she give he a cold look . holly do not call I stupid . kit okay , but I be go to keep it for a souvenir ... he throw it awav and pick up a smaller one . kit or maybe one that 's lighter . he walk over to the car . a bridge be visible in the distance . ext . field kit release a large red balloon into the evening sky . a small basket be fix to the bottom of the balloon . holly ( v.o. ) kit make a solemn vow that he would always stand beside I and let nothing come between we . he write this out in write , put the paper in a box with some of we little token and thing , then send it off in a balloon he would find while on the garbage route . ( pause ) his heart be fill with long as he watch it drift off . something must have tell he that we would never live this day of happiness again , that they be go forever . dissolve to ext . cattail Holly 's dog bound through a stand of cattail . Holly speak angrily to she father , who walk toward the dog with a gun . we do not hear they voice , only music . he shoot the dog and Holly run off in horror . holly ( v.o. ) then , sure enough , dad find out I would be run around behind he back . he be madder than I would ever see he . as punishment for deceive he , he go and shot my dog . ext . bridge Holly 's father drag a duffel bag out of he truck and dump it over the side of a bridge , into a river . it go under briefly , then bob to the surface . the current take it off . dissolve to ext . music school Holly sit in the second - story window of a music school . holly ( v.o. ) he make I take extra music lesson every day after school and wait there till he come to pick I up . he say that if the piano do not keep I off the street . maybe the clarinet would . dissolve to ext . billboard kit approach Holly 's father , who be hard at work , painting a billboard along a desert stretch of road . kit be eat a peach . kit sure be pretty . father what would you come out here for ? kit I be not aware there be any law against it . kit see that this kind of talk will not do . he be silent for a moment , then throw the peach away . kit you know Holly ... well . she mean a lot to I , sir . Holly 's father go solemnly about he business . kit you know , before I meet she , nobody could ask I how I be do with my girl . matter of fact , I do not really have one . father be that right ? kit yeah . kit walk off a few pace and lean against the father 's truck . kit it okay I lean on you willys here ? Holly 's father do not answer . kit listen . I get a lot of respect for she , sir . ( pause ) that 's about as good a one as I know to tell you . father well , it 's not good enough . ( pause ) just what do you think would happen to she if she stick around with you , kit ? guy like you . kit she would get along okay . and if she do not , well , she could take off , just take off , ( and ) I would not mind ... I would always tell people I deserve it . Holly 's father come to he foot and fix kit in the eye . father you get out of here . I do not want you hang around any more . you understand ? he let this word sink in , then return to he seat . father ( shaking he head ) you be something . kit wave goodbye . kit take all kind , sir . he walk to he car , look back once . series of angle long shot of father at work at billboard . kit approach Holly 's house , collect the evening newspaper from the sidewalk , and knock on the front door . Holly 's father pick she up from a park outside the music school . kit , when he get no answer , enter the house . the jeep , with Holly and she father , rumble down a residential street . int . holly house kit be go through Holly 's dresser , throw she thing into a suitcase . a pistol be visible in he back pocket . suddenly , Holly 's father appear in the dresser mirror , stand at the end of the hall outside the bedroom . kit walk forward to greet he . the camera dolly with he . kit hi. father what be you do ? kit I have get a gun here , sir . it 's always a good idea to have one around . kit draw the pistol . he be shake , though he must have see this come . father what do you think you be do ? go on , get out of here . kit well , I get it all plan ... and I be take Holly off with I . he look at Holly , who have appear on the landing , uncertain what she reaction to all this will be . father okay , boy , I be turn you over to the authority . kit step forward as Holly 's father start down the stair . kit what for ? father for come onto my property ... with a gun . kit no , you be not either . father ( o.c. ) yeah ? why not ? kit Cause I can not allow it . Holly 's father stare at he for a moment , then continue down the stair . kit start forward . kit hey ... hey , wait a minute . his shout arrest Holly 's father at the bottom of the stair . kit suppose I shot you . how would that be ? huh ? Holly 's father do not move . kit you want to hear what it sound like ? he fire a shot into the stair . the report be deafen in the enclosure of the stairwell . they exchange look . kit 's breathe be heavy . int . live room Holly 's father turn and walk into the live room . kit rush down the stair . Holly shout he name . kit hey , where you go ? he fire two shot into Holly 's father , who slowly sink to the floor . kit unlimber he shoulder . Holly rush down the stair to she father 's side . holly daddy ... this be Holly ... be you go to be okay ? her father do not respond . she look back at kit , who avoid she gaze . she get to she foot and walk nto the kitchen . kit follow she . int . kitchen kit close the back door to the house . kit I come in the front . holly how bad off be he ? kit ( o.c. ) I can look and see . holly we better call the doctor ... listen . I will say how it happen , part I see . kit ( sigh ) well ... I do not think that would work . this startles Holly . int . live room kit touch the father 's heart . kit he do not need a doctor . he walk back into the kitchen . holly be you sure ? kit you do not believe I , see for yourself . Holly stare at she father . dissolve to ext . holly house - dusk low angle of Holly 's house silhouett against the evening sky . on sound the noise of cicadas . int . cellar kit drag Holly 's father into the cellar . set he down gently , then ease out of the room , take a discard toaster with he . int . kitchen - night kit come up the step from the cellar . Holly stand at the drainboard . kit I find a toaster . he set down the toaster and walk over to Holly 's side . kit listen , honey . I do not want to ... she slap he across the forehead . he walk into the now darken live room , and sit down at the piano . after a moment Holly follow he . int . live room ~ night Holly sit down on the sofa across from kit . holly listen , maybe we ought to tell somebody about this . kit you say that once already ... too late now . holly why ? kit they be not go to listen to I . you either . be you kid ? a silence follow . holly suppose the neighbor hear the noise ? kit would not be funny ... listen , I will be back in a while . he get up and head for the front door . kit oh ... you want to call the police , that 's fine . just will not be so hot for I . there be tear in Holly 's eye now . they exchange look as kit open the front door . then he leave . Holly settles back on the couch . ext . holly house - night the house by night . int . hallway and bedroom - night Holly come up the stair , smoking a cigarette . she walk to she bedroom window . the camera dolly with she . outside , under the street lamp , she can see two boy trading secret . int . train station - night kit put fifty cent into a gramophone booth . he clear he voice as the machine whir into operation . kit my girl Holly and I have decide to kill ourselves , same way I do she dad . Big decision huh ? well , the reason be obvious , and I do not have time to go into they right now ... one thing , though ... he be provoking I when I pop he . that 's what it be like , a pop . insert of the booth 's mechanism a light panel measure off the second and the needle on the record . kit course nobody 's come out of this thing happy , especially not we . you can not deny we have have fun , though . which be more than I can say for some .... mmmm. that 's the end of the message . I run out of thing to say ... thank you . he get this last word in just as he time be up . he get the record and step outside the booth , into the lobby of a train station . dissolve to int . holly live room - series of angle - night kit slam a ten-gallon can of gasoline down on the piano bench , open it and begin pour it out over the interior of the house , kick aside everything that come in he way . ext . rear of house - night Holly come out the screen door at the back of the house , carry a suitcase and a painting . kit appear with a lamp on a extension cord . he set it down beside a victrola he have set up on a table outdoors . he put the needle on the record he record earlier . Holly watch he as she retreat to the car . holly ( v.o. ) kit leave a record play over and over for the District Attorney to find . he be gambling for time . kit unplug the lamp , light a book of match and pitch they into a puddle of gas . the back porch of the house explode into flame . kit run to the car with the lamp , catch off guard by the force of the flame . they drive off . int . / ext house on FIRE - series of angle - night various object around the house burst into flame a picture we see on the stair . some peacock feather , a cantaloupe and a pomegranate leave on the kitchen table , the live room , Holly 's bedroom , the bed itself , a doll on the bed , a a&amp ; W root beer sign outside the house , a water can , flame swirl out the front of the house . Holly 's father in closeup in the cellar , sheet music lift off the piano . etc . at length the camera pan over the char frame of Holly 's bed . outside a fireman move with a flashlight through the ember of the house . int . school corridor Holly collect she book from a locker at she school and walk anxiously down a corridor towards the exit . holly ( v.o. ) kit make I get my book from school , so I would not fall behind . we would be start a new life , he say . and we would have to change we name . his would be James . mine would be Priscilla . we would hide out like spy , somewhere in the North , where people do not ask a lot of question . ext . school - dawn Holly break into a run as she come through the front door of the high school . kit wait for she at the car . there be nobody else in sight . holly ( v.o. ) I could of snuck out the back or hide in the boiler room , I suppose , but I sense that my destiny now lay with kit , for better or for worse , and that it be better to spend a week with one who love I for what I be than year of loneliness . she get into the car and they drive off . int . MERCURY - dawn kit study Holly for sign of she mood . kit how you do ? holly ( neutrally ) I be fine . kind of tired . kit yeah , I too . the car sail down a quiet street . dissolve to ext . river the camera dolly with a tree float down a swollen river . cottonwood tree cover the far bank . holly ( v.o. ) we hide out in the wilderness , down by a river in a grove of cottonwood . it be the flood season we build we house in the tree , with tamarisk wall and willow laid side by side to make a floor . there be not a plant in the forest that do not come in handy . closeup of plaiqt - series of angle detail of the cottonwood , willow and tamarisk . Music continue under . ext . treehouse - series of angle detail of kit and Holly building the treehouse . kit pound a log into place wi h a tomahawk ; Holly scrape the bark off a log with a piece of flint ; kit weave tamarisk branch through the frame of the house . this montage end with a pan down the four storey of the complete treehouse . holly ( v.o. ) we plan a huge network of tunnel under the forest floor , and we first order of business every morning be to decide on a new password for the day . ow and then weld sneak out at night and steal a chicken or a bunch of corn or some melon from a melon patch ... mostly . though , we just lay on we back and stare at the cloud and sometimes it be like be in a big marble hall . the way we talk in low voice and hear the tiniest sound . int . treehouse the camera pan off Holly 's painting , a maxwell parrish , onto kit asleep with he pistol beside he . then onto Holly under a quilt with a box of shell beside she . her hand quiver once . ext . tree top kit lift a egg out of a bird 's nest at the top of a tree . he drop it down to Holly , fifty foot below . holly ( v.o. ) they have not find but one set of bone in the ash of the house . so we know they would be look for we . kit make sure we would be prepare . ext . trail - series of angle kit cut a piece of twine that lie across a trail , whereupon a ball full of spike come swinging down out of the tree . with lethal force . kit duck out of the way . we next see kit with a dew ag around he forehead , run lap through the wood as part of he training . he exhort himself to great effort . holly ( v.o. ) he give I lecture on how a gun work , how to take it apart and put it back together again . in case 1 have to carry on without he . he say that if the Devil come at I , I could shoot he with a gun . ext . tamarisk Holly struggle through the undergrowth witha yoke over she shoulder , carry wood back to the teahouse . holly ( v.o. ) one day , I carry thirty pound of wood a distance of five mile . another day , while hide in the forest , I cover my eye with makeup , to see how they would come out . tight on holly eye Holly have make she eye up with mascara . ext . front of treehouse kit and Holly dance the stroll to the sound of mickey and sylvia on they Zenith portable . Holly show a better sense of rhythm than kit . ext . mud flat beside river - dusk kit lift a fish out of the river with a crude device like a lacrosse net . Holly sit on the bank in the b.g . the fish wriggle out of the net and fall back in the water . kit struggle in vain to retrieve it . holly ( v.o. ) we have we bad moment , like any couple . kit accuse I of only be along for the ride , while at time I wish he would fall in the river and drow , so I could watch . kit throw he net down in disgust , partly at Holly . kit take a break . Red ... life of riley , huh ? Holly ignore he as he walk off down the flat . holly ( v.o. ) mostly . though . we get along fine and stay in love . ext . front of treehouse Holly , in curler , walk over to where kit be shave . holly one of the chicken die last night . she pat a little water on she face , dry it with a burlap towel , pick up a hatchet and walk off into the forest to cut the morning 's firewood . holly I almost step on he . ext . upper deck Holly sit on the upper deck of the treehouse , read kon-tiki aloud to kit . holly " the kon-tiki in motion be a little different from what it usually be in such condition . we have become sensitive to change in the rhythm of the log . I think at once of suction from the coast , which be draw near , and be continually out on the deck and up the mast ... " kit he be nervous . Holly look at he for a moment , try to understand the meaning of this interruption , then resume holly " time pass . at dawn , just before six , torstein come hurry down from the masthead . he could see a whole line of small palm - clad island far ahead ... " ext . river Holly walk down the edge of the river , fresh from she bath . wrap in a white sheet . the river be raging , with white cap visible in place . ext . forest a strange animal , not a deer or a horse , but like they , move languidly through the thick of the forest . Holly put down she binocular , amaze . holly ( v.o. ) I grow to love the forest . the coo of the dove and the hum of dragonfly in the air make it always seem lonesome and like everybody 's dead and go ... ext . crow' nest kit sit in the crow 's nest at the top of the treehouse , browsing through a copy of National geographic . amused by what he see , look around to find somebody he can share it with . holly ( v.o. ) when the leave rustle overhead , it be like the spirit be whisper about all the little thing that bother them . tight on slide a array of stereo slide be spread out on the leave of the forest floor . Holly put one in she stereopticon and study it . kit greet she as he walk by with a log over he shoulder . holly ( v.o. ) one day , while take a look at some vista in dad 's stereopticon , it hit I that I be just this little girl , bear in Texas , whose father be a sign painter and who have only just so many year to live ... tight on slide with each of she thought a slide appear a canal in Brazil , a camel boy in front of the great pyramid . some cow stand in a fjord with a steamship in the distance , a mother with she child , a woman play the piano as another woman look on , a family on a lawn , a soldier in a wheatfield whisper something into he girlfriend 's ear . holly ( v.o. ) ... it send a chill down my spine , and I think where would I be this very moment if kit have never meet I ? ... or kill anybody ? this very moment ... if my Mom have never meet my dad ? if she would of never die ?... and what 's the man I will marry go to look like ? what 's he do right this minute ? ... be he think about I now , by some coincidence , even though he do not know I ? do it show on he face ? ext . river kit be fishing with he crude net . he stop briefly to watch a truck pass down the highway in the distance , then go back to work . this stretch of river seem dangerously close to civilization . holly ( v.o. ) for day afterward I live in dread . at time I wish I could fall asleep and be take off to some magical land , but this never happen . kit , frustrated draw he pistol from he back pocket and look around for the fish that have be elude he . he do not see , as we do , a man watch he from across the river . he fire at the fish . miss it and fire again . the man across the river hesitates . then move back into the undergrowth . dissolve to series of angle - treehouse Holly be off somewhere in the forest . put on lipstick . kit sit on watch in the crowl nest , a pair of binocular close at hand . on sound , over the music , we hear voice whisper to they . kit see a movement in the brush . a moment later a figure appear , a hunter , carry a gun . kit shout a code word to Holly . she take off run , as kit clamber down the plank of the treehouse and collect he shotgun . he tell she to hide , run through the wood and dive in a hole , under a cover of leave . she jump behind a log . several shot of the still forest follow , then the hunter appear , a shoulder here . pant leg there . the music end as one of they cock he gun . they pass right over the hole where kit be hide . kit rise up slowly , give they a gentlemanly word of warning , then shoot all three in the back . he check to see if anybody else be with they , then call weakly out to Holly . kit Holly ! Holly pick she way through the brush , back to the treehouse . ext . treehouse they be pack up and ready to leave . kit slam the trunk of the mercury . kit get in the car , Red . he take a bird cage off the roof of the car and throw it away . kit we do not need this . he climb a ladder , look in the cabin of the treehouse to see if they have leave anything behind , then jump down . he flip over the wicker hemisphere that cover they rooster . the rooster walk off , free . he survey the wood , then look back at Holly , who return he look and get in the car . holly ( v.o. ) kit feel bad about shoot that man in the back . but he say they would come in like that . and they would have play it as down and dirty as they could , and besides , hold overhear they whisper about how they be only interested in the reward money . with lawmen it wouldtve be different . they be out there to get a job do and they deserve a fair chance . but not a bounty hunter . ext . badland - series of angle we see a flat expanse of the badland . the mercury appear over the horizon and head toward a solitary house . a man appear at the door of the house , kit 's friend , cato . holly ( v.o. ) we go to hide out with a friend of kit 's from the day of the garbage route . ext . catue house . kit get out of the car , take a chicken from the back seat and walk over to face cato . he keep a safe distance . kit how you do , cato ? cato not bad . kit step forward , rifle in hand , and offer cato the chicken . kit take that sombitch . cato take it , a want smile on he face . kit what you be do ? cato running this place for a fella in town . nothing much to speak of . kit well , I do not notice we hustling trash , either . kit walk over to inspect the interior of cato 's house . kit where would you get they antler ? cato ( o.c. ) they come with the house . he refer to a set of deer antler , mount over the door . kit look inside , then back at cato . kit oh , cato , I want you to meet my girl , Holly sargis . Holly smile and say hello . ext . picnic table they sit at a picnic table under a tree , have lunch . Holly be tell a joke at kit 's urging . holly do you hear the one about the guy in the nuthouse that go around naked , with only a hat and glove on , and this nurse come up to he and say , " hey , what ... you can not walk around that way , " and the guy say , " what 's the matter ? nobody come around here . " anyway , the nurse say , " what do you have the hat and glove on for , then ? " and the guy say , " well , you never know . " cato burst into laughter . kit be not that funny ? cato stop laugh . he want to give kit the right answer . cato yeah , I guess . kit ( o.c. ) she play the clarinet , too . Holly smile politely . holly do not you ever get bored around here ? cato sometimes . the other day , though , a old boy be plow in the field over there , find some old Spanish coin . kit ( suspicious ) that 's what he tell you , huh ? cato ( o.c. ) no , he show I one . holly what would they look like ? cato ( o.c. ) kind of round , like so ... gold . I will show you if you want . kit and Holly eye one another . kit see the chance to make a fortune here . he be careful to conceal he feeling , though . kit let I finish my supper . Holly , big -ey , bite into a apple . ext . field kit , Holly and cato walk out to the field where cato hear the coin be find . Holly pick up a pot lid . kit we be think of go down to Texas . Holly want to visit some of she people down there , but after that I do not know ... they say Mexico 's nice . cato stop . cato kit ... maybe I would better get a shovel . kit okay . cato I will catch up with you . kit okay . kit walk out into the field to join Holly . cato turn back . holly I find a lid . it be lay on the ground over there . kit put that down . it 's dirty . Holly toss the lid at he . he pick up some dirt clod and start throw they at she . she squeal and dodge . cato watch they for a while , indecisive , then turn and run . holly ( o.c. ) hey , you be throw big one ! suddenly , kit spot cato . kit cato ! cato jump over a trough and come to a stop in front of he truck , a water tanker . cato the shovel 's in the truck . kit raise he gun and shoot cato through the belly . cato fall , then get to he foot and stumble toward the front door of the house . kit follow he for a while , then skip forward and open the door for he . int . bedroom cato fall on he bed and roll over to face kit . kit walk in calmly and pick up a photo on the bureau . holly ( v.o. ) kit never let on why he would shot cato . he say that just talk about it could bring we bad luck and that right now we need all the luck we could get . kit set the photo down . kit ( o.c. ) you never tell I about she . he look under the bed , then walk out the door . int . live room Holly stand near a window . smoking a cigarette . kit set he rifle down and survey the room , which be cluttere with odd and end . kit look at all this junk . holly how 's he do ? kit ( shrugging ) I get he in the stomach . Holly sit down . holly be he upset ? kit he do not say anything to I about it . he take a drag off she cigarette and give it back to she . he leaf idly through a catalogue on the table , then walk over to look in the bedroom . kit bunch of junk . Inside the bedroom cato be still conscious , but he breathe be heavy . kit walk back to Holly 's side . holly be look through the catalogue . kit he steal that cage . I see he do it . kit want this to have be a execution , not a murder . kit whatcha look in there for ? we can not afford any of that . holly ( defensive ) just look . int . bedroom as they bicker in the other room , cato inspect he face in a mirror . kit ( o.c. ) why do not you go in there and keep he company for a while ? Holly walk in the door . holly hi. she sit down . holly that you spider in there ? in that bottle ? cato yeah . holly what do you feed he ? cato oh , fly ... grasshopper when I can catch them . holly do he bite ? cato he never bit I . we hear the sound of a car horn in the distance . holly turn and look . ext . catue house a 1951 studebaker approach the house . there be two people inside , a boy and a girl . kit come out the front door . the Boy and girl get out , but see kit , they wait by the car . boy hi. where 's cato ? kit well , he 's go . boy go ? ... where ? kit he say not to tell . boy ( o.c. ) oh yeah ? kit yeah , he say for you to give we a lift into town . you be the one with the studebaker , be not you ? the Boy hesitates a second , then start for the house . boy well , I just need to pick up something in the house . kit draw he gun . kit no ... you go in there , I will have to kill you . boy what 's go on ? kit can not afford to take chance . the girl be baffle . kit ( o.c. ) come on out of there , young lady . kit wave they out into the neighbor field with he . kit let 's we step out in this field here . the Boy raise he hand . kit Nah , skip that ... I be go to have to keep a eye on you , though . boy okay . kit you do not mind ? Holly step out the front door and smile at the girl . holly hi. ext . field Holly and the girl walk through the field toward a storm cellar where the boy be wait for they . the wind be blow hard . girl what 's go to happen to Jack and I ? holly you have to ask kit . he say frog , I jump . girl okay . holly what 's you friend 's name ? girl Jack . holly you love he ? girl I do not know . Holly think about this for a moment . holly I have get to stick by kit ... he feel trap . girl yeah . I can imagine . holly well , I have feel that way , have not you ? ext . STORM cellar kit guide the couple into the storm cellar . kit okay , you two , down in the cellar . they head down the step into the cellar , the girl first . kit stop the Boy for a moment . kit you promise to stay down there for a hour ? boy yeah . kit you expect I to believe that ? he look back at Holly , as though to ask whether he should . boy yeah . kit nod and wave the Boy down into the cellar . the Boy disappear . kit shut the door . kit I be go to shut the door . kit stick a pin through the latch , hesitates , then fire two shot down through a seam into the cellar . he retreat to Holly 's side . a little surprised at what he do . kit think I get them ? holly I do not know . kit well , I be not go down there and look . he start run away from the cellar . Holly follow he . a storm be gather on the horizon . kit offer Holly he hand as they run . but Holly do not see this . int . catue bedroom cato lie motionless , on he bed . Holly step forward and touch he with a yardstick , like a child touch a snake . holly ( v.o. ) suddenly , I be throw into a state of shock ... ext . house and BOX car kit , rifle in hand , lumber out a side door of the house with cato over he shoulder . he steer for a nearby box car that evidently serve cato as a shed . holly ( v.o. ) kit be the most trigger happy person I would ever meet . he claim that as long as you be play for keep and the law be come at you , it 's consider okay to shoot all witness . you have to take the consequence , though , and not whine about it later . kit open the door of the box car . and dump cato inside . before close the door he check cato 's shoe . to see if they be the one he give he . Holly look on from the side of the house , twenty yard away . holly we be in for it now ... if they catch we . kit look cornere and defensive . Holly think for a moment . holly what would you put he in there for ? kit ( shrugging ) just to keep he out of the sun . kit head out of sight around the rear of the box car . Holly go back inside . kit walk up and down the length of the box car , talk under he breath and throw he rifle from hand to hand , in a state . dissolve to ext . country road kit and Holly travel down a country road in the studebaker . holly ( v.o. ) at this moment I do not feel shame or fear , but just kind of blah , like when you be sit there and all the water 's run out of the bathtub . int . car kit , drive , turn to Holly . kit you tired ? holly yeah . kit yeah , you look tired ... listen , honey . when all this be over , I be go to sit down and buy you a big , thick steak . holly I do not want a steak . kit well , we will see about that ... hey , lookie . he nod at a wreck car lie in a ditch beside the road . kit they be probably go to blame that on I , too , bastard . vigilante montage - series of angle - black and white various shot characterize the Midwest 's reaction to kit and Holly a desert street , law officer pose with they gun and ammunition , child walk from class under armed guard , a detective in a trench coat point at a pump , a woman call in she child at dusk , a county official pose with the county record , the court reporter with a book of signature , vigilante signing up and be deputize , then riding through the street of they town in the back of pickup , a priest among they , etc . holly ( v.o. ) the whole country be out look for we , for who know where kit would strike next ? sidewalks be desert . store close they door and draw they blind . poss and vigilante committee be set up from Texas to North dakota . Children ride back and forth to school under heavy guard . a famous detective be bring in from Boston . he could find no clue ... my clarinet teacher say I probably be not responsible , but other say I be . then , on Thursday , the Governor of Oklahoma send out the National Guard to stand watch at the Federal Reserve Bank in Tulsa when word get out that kit mean to rob it ... it be like the Russians have invade . ext . rich man' house kit and Holly approach a large victorian mansion . kit ring the bell . holly ( v.o. ) we need supplies , so we go to a rich man 's house . kit figure it would be safer and quick than shopping in the downtown ... a may come to the door . a maid open the door . kit hi , I come to check the meter . my tool be in here . he nod at the suitcase he be carry . the maid look at Holly . kit oh , this be Holly . she 's from Texas . kit wink at Holly . the maid brushes she ear to indicate that she be deaf , then stand back to let they pass . holly ( v.o. ) later we find out she be deaf and we have not even know it . kit Excuse I . they enter the house . int . live room kit lead the other into the live room . the owner of the house , a rich man , sit in a chair in the corner , review some print . at the sight of kit he come to he foot . kit hi. rich man yes ? kit this you place ? rich man yes . kit look around , overwhelm by the luxury of the mansion . kit sorry to barge in on you . anybody else here besides you two ? rich man no . the Rich man be wary . kit nearly forget to explain himself . kit good deal ... oh , uh , we be on the run and we would like to hang out here for a while . couple of hour , maybe . how would that be ? rich man stay as long as you like . tight on mural the camera pan across a mural of some pastoral scene . int . house - series of angle Holly run she finger around the lip of a crystal glass . it make a soft chime noise . kit , sit at the end of a table opposite she , pick up a dinner bell , ring it , then put it down and regards she solemnly . kit next time I ring that , it mean time to clear out . Holly , in the next angle , have move a bust off its pedestal onto the corner of a piano . she think better of this and restore the bust to its original position . kit sniff at a glass of sherry , then take a picture off the mantel and study it . Holly , at the other end of the room . test the comfort of a chair . this do . she move to another chair and test it , too . she make she hand limp . she watch it swing back and forth . kit sit in the chair which the Rich man occupy earlier . he have a thoughtful look on he face . there be a dictaphone on the table beside he . int . hallway Holly take a cane out of the umbrella rack , look around furtively , then step out a side door of the house . ext . lawn Holly walk down the slope of the lawn . holly ( v.o. ) I leave kit in the parlor and go for a stroll outside the house . the day be quiet and serene , but I do not notice , for I be deep in think , and not even think about how to slip off . across the way she can see a long driveway , with a border of lush greenery and a sleepy cat stand in the sun . holly ( v.o. ) the world be like a faraway planet to which I could never return ... I think what a fine place it be , full of thing for people to look into and enjoy . int . live room - tight on kit kit talk into the dictaphone , recording some advice for young people . kit listen to you parent and teacher . they get a line on most thing , so do not treat they like enemy . there 's always a chance you could learn something . ( he pause for a moment ) try to keep a open mind . try to understand the viewpoint of other . consider the minority opinion , but try to get along with the majority opinion once it 's accept . ( again he pause ) course Holly and I have have fun , even if it have be rush , and ... so far we be do fine . have not get catch . ( annoyed ) Excuse the grammar . he set down the dictaphone . put out he cigarette and lean back in he chair , lose in reflection . int . cover room Holly enter the room where the Rich man and he maid have be put . the furniture and painting be cover with sheet , suggest that for some purpose , know only to the family , the room have be set aside . holly hi ... kit 's downstairs play with the dictaphone ... sometimes he act like there 's something wrong with he bean . she lean against the window . behind the couch where the Rich man be sit . holly hope nothing ever go wrong with mine . rich man think he 's crazy , huh ? holly I do not know ... he 's kind of odd . she sit down beside the Rich man . holly ( shyly ) they claim I have get he wrap around my little finger , but I never tell he to shoot anybody . she look the room over . holly gosh , I like you house . rich man thank you . we hear the noise of a doorbell . int . live room kit put down a copy of the Wall Street Journal and locate he pistol . he start for the door , then remember that he move a picture from the mantel . he put the picture back in place , check the chamber of he pistol and leave the room . ext . front of house kit open the front door to find a visitor on the stoop . the visitor carry a roll of blueprint under he arm . kit hi. visitor hi... ah , mister scarborough here ? kit yeah , but the thing about he , he 's down with the flu . he 's sick . visitor really ? kit yeah . I would invite you inside , except it 's contagious . do not want to start a epidemic . visitor no , of course not . it 's only that he call last night and ask if I could come by . kit well , he do not have it last night . the visitor be puzzle by kit 's presence in the house , and even more by he behavior . he take out a note pad . kit what 's that ? visitor well , I would like to leave a message , if that 's okay . kit sure . the visitor jot something down and hand the note to kit . kit you have to excuse I now . I have to go back inside . bye . kit close the door . int . stairwell kit hide the visitor 's note in a vase and bound up the stair to the first landing . kit we be out of here , tex . he turn back down the stair . on a rack at the bottom he find a hat and coat . he take they with he . int . cover room kit walk into the room where he leave the Rich man and he may . he now carry a bag of grocery under he arm , kit hi , whatcha do ? rich man just think . kit good a way to kill time as any ... she okay ? he point to the maid with he pistol . rich man yes . kit listen , ah ... we be go to take the cadillac for a while . how would that be ? rich man Fine . kit do not worry , I will not let she drive . he mean Holly . kit ( continue ) oh , and here 's a list of everything we borrow . car 's on there , too . he give the list to the Rich man and signal the maid to accompany they out . kit okay , mar 'am , let 's go . . . come on . int . hallway kit point the Rich man and he maid into a closet . kit you be my friend , be not you ? rich man yes . kit okay , no monkey business then . he lock the door of the closet once they be inside , start off , then remember something , take a handkerchief out of he pocket and wipe he fingerprint off the door handle . kit Grocery . with this reminder he collect he bag of grocery and head down the hall . ext . front porch kit and Holly come out the front door . Holly wear a shawl over she head as a disguise , kit wear the outfit he take off the Rich man 's coat rack . he carry he grocery , rifle and a silver trophy he steal from somewhere in the house . kit that guy could sell that list I give he as a sample of my handwrite . Holly start off , kit ( continue ) hey , why be you always walk ahead of I ? holly well , why you always walk behind I ? kit grab the seat of she pants . holly do not . kit anybody ever do that to you before ? holly no. kit positive ? holly yes . kit guess there 's no way I will ever know . for sure . they round a corner into the garden . ext . backyard they walk down the lawn toward the garage . we the ticking of sprinklers off camera . kit that guy must pay through the nose to keep this place up ... lawn , the gas and electric ... bagworm . plus the upkeep on the car ... yeah , you get a little money in you pocket , you think all you problem be solve . well , let I tell you , they be not . they arrive at the cadillac . Holly set down she suitcase and wait for kit to open the door for she . kit , who have forget this propriety , hurry back and open the door . he throw the suitcase in the back , go around the front of the car and get in . holly I would like to get out of here . kit soon as I start the car ... and fix my hat . he adjust he hat , start the car and they drive off , past a roll royce kit have decline in favor of the cadillac . ext . badland - extreme long shot the car race across the open prairie . holly ( v.o. ) fearing there would be roadblock on the highway , we take off across that area know as the great Plains . kit tell I to enjoy the scenery , and I do . int . cadillac Holly read to kit from a movie fan magazine . holly " rumor Pat boone be seriously consider give up he career so he can return to school full - time and complete he education . fact Pat have tell intimate that so long as thing be go well for he career , it 's the education that will have to take the back seat . " kit I do not blame he . holly " rumor Frank Sinatra and rita hayworth be in love ... fact true , but not with each other . " kit chuckle at this , which please Holly . ext . telephone pole the cadillac head overland , along a line of telephone pole that stretch out clear to the horizon . holly ( v.o. ) through desert and mesa , across the endless mile of open range , we make we headlong way , steering by the telephone line toward the mountain of Montana . dissolve to ext . mountain heat wave rise off the land . a mountain be barely discernible in the distance . dissolve to ext . badland the cadillac race through a herd of cow , holly ( v.o. ) kit would sometimes ram a cow , to save on ammo , and we would cook it . close on salt grass tight shot of a clump of salt grass . holly ( v.o. ) once we have to eat a bunch of salt grass . it taste like cabbage . ext . badland - dawn the camera rise over the cadillac as it race down a desert country road at dawn , ext . pipeline waystation the cadillac be stop beside a pipeline waystation . kit have tapped some gas off the head . holly ( v.o. ) for gas we use the leakage from the valve of the pipeline we find along the way . drip gas be what they call it in that part of the country . dissolve to ext . badland the cadillac roar through a stand of mesquite and disappear into the distance . holly ( v.o. ) Little by little we approach the border . kit be glad to leave South dakota behind and curse its name . he say that if the Communists ever drop the atomic bomb , he wish they would put it right in the middle of rapid City . ext . campsite they be campe out in the middle of the badland . kit cook some meat over a fire , Holly , with a map under she arm , point into the distance . holly that 's Montana over there . kit I never be to Montana ... acquaintance of mine have , but I have not ... never have any reason to . Holly sit down and look at the map . holly State bird 's a meadowlark . ext . pan across badland the camera pan across the badland . there be not a tree or a bush in sight . it come to rest on kit , who carry he rifle over he shoulder the way James Dean do in " giant " . kit be p.o.v . - series of angle various sight of the prairie a distant mountain , a wild turkey , a lizard , a burst of lighten in a cloud on the horizon , a falcon . kit take all this in , then he turn back to the campsite . the sun be down , just barely , and the moon have rise behind he . Holly be hear over this last shot . holly ( v.o. ) we live in utter loneliness , neither here nor there . kit say that solitude be a better word , cause it mean more exactly what I want to say . whatever the expression , I tell he we could not go on live this way . int . cadillac kit and Holly sit in the back seat of the cadillac . they have be neck . her hair be in curler . kit ( respond to v.o. ) why not ? I mean , I be have fun ... at least I be not bitching . holly well , I feel kind of like a animal live out here . I mean , there 's no place to bathe and ... no place to get anything good to eat . kit well , I will catch you a big trout . soon as we get to the mountain . he kiss she . she give in reluctantly . after a while they break . kit everybody love trout . holly I be serious . they neck some more . then break again . kit look out one window , Holly out the other . ext . distant train a train move slowly across the horizon . holly ( v.o. ) in the distance I see a train make its way silently across the plain , like the caravan in " the adventure of Marco polo . " it be we first taste of civilization in day , and I ask kit if we could have a closer look . ext . kit - with football kit set a football down on the ground , back off a few step , squat and shoot a hole through it with he pistol . to he surprise . it do not deflate . he move closer and pound it flat with the barrel of the pistol . holly ( v.o. ) before we leave he shot a football that he consider excess baggage . tight on suitcase kit be bury some thing from Holly 's suitcase in a bucket the trophy he take from the mansion , she stereopticon slide , a doll , a spark plug , a pack of camel , etc . holly ( v.o. ) afterwards he take and bury some of we thing in a bucket . he say that nobody else would know where we would put they , and that we would come back someday , maybe , and they would still be sit here , just the same , but we would be different . and if we never get back , well , somebody might dig they up a thousand year from now and would not they wonder ! ext . badland the cadillac speed across the plain . a plume of dust stretch out behind it . ext . rail trestle kit and Holly have park the cadillac under a rail trestle . a train be approach . they hide beside the car . the train , a streamliner , roar overhead . when it have pass , Holly rush up the grade to watch it disappear into the distance . kit watch from the opposite end of the trestle . kit maybe we should have try to hop it . holly it be go too fast . kit I could have pull the car up on the track , slowed it down some . holly ( o.c. ) yeah , then we would be stick here . kit well , maybe we oughta be stick here . I be not say that I know . he stoops down and pick up a pepsi bottle . holly you be crazy . he climb over the edge of the trestle , look back at she oddly , then leap down to the ground . Holly walk down to meet he . holly ( v.o. ) kit take the bottle and spun it around , leave to fate which direction we should take . tight on bottle kit spin the bottle . ext . bottom of trestle the bottle come to a stop . kit inspect its position . he do not appear satisfied , though . kit well , maybe the slope here be throw it off some . we ought to find a more flat place . holly how about over here ? kit start toward she , then change he mind and head back up the grade , to the track . the camera dolly and crane with he . kit never mind . it do not matter ... if I be worth a damn , I will pick the right direction . and if I be not , well , I do not care . see what I mean ? holly ( o.c. ) no . kit well , I should not expect miracle , should I ? he stop at the top of the grade and look out across the badland . kit we will keep on head for that mountain ... just remember I say it be not such a hot idea . dissolve to ext . trestle - dusk the cadillac pull out from under the trestle and head down a dusty road alongside the track . holly ( v.o. ) we take off at sunset , on a line toward the mountain of saskatchewan , for kit a magical land beyond the reach of the law . he need I now more than ever , but something have come between we . I would stop even pay attention to he . instead , I sit in the car and read a map and spell out entire sentence with my tongue on the roof of my mouth , where nobody could read they . dissolve to ext . mountain - dusk the cadillac bead off across the plain toward a distant mountain . holly ( v.o. ) that night we move closer to the border , and clear across the prairie , at the very edge of the horizon ... ext . refinery fire - night a refinery fire . holly ( v.o. ) W could make out the gas fire of the refinery at missoula , while to the south ... ext . CITY light - night holly ( v.o. ) ... we could see the light of cheyenne , a city bigger and grander than I would ever see . ext . cadillac' Pov on prairie the prairie rush under the cadillac 's headlight . holly ( v.o. ) I feel all kind of thing look at the light of cheyenne , but most important , I make up my mind to never again tag around with a hell - bent type , no matter how in love with he I be . finally , I find the strength to tell kit this . I point out that even if we get to the Far North , he still could not make a live . int . cadillac - night kit and Holly 's face be strangely light by the dash light . Holly be absorb in she map . the radio be on . kit ( respond to v.o. ) I could get a job with the mounties . the Northwest mounties ... Hell , I get all the qualification . I can ride , shoot and ... I do not mind the cold . fact . I kind of like the cold . Holly look up from the map . holly what ? kit nothing ... I be just run off at the mouth ... as usual . holly I be sorry . I be not listen . Holly light a cigarette . kit I be just talk about go after a job ... hey. do not lip it . he reach over and take the cigarette out of she mouth . the camera pan to she with this gesture . holly you know ... they would probably ask to see you driver 's license before they hire you . kit ( o.c. ) well . I be not go to let that stop I . when the camera pan back to he , he be look at she cigarette . kit you smoke pall mall ? holly yeah . he be surprised to discover this . kit Nah , you have not see I when I be go after something , honey . tough ? he cock he head just think about it . she reach for the radio to change the station . he pat she hand away . kit hey . do not touch that ... nat King Cole . ext . badland - night they dance in the headlight to the tune of " a blossom fell " come over the car radio . she be wear the rich man 's jacket . after a moment kit whisper in she ear . kit Boy , if I could sing a song like that ... I mean , if I could sing a song about the way I feel right now , it would be a hit . they continue dance . ext . cadillac on plain - day two shot of the cadillac head across the badland at dawn . holly ( v.o. ) kit know the end be come . he wonder if he would hear the doctor pronounce he dead , or if he would be able to read what the papers would say about he , the next day , from the other side . he dread the iea of be shot down alone , he say , without a girl to scream out he name . int . cadillac - dawn Holly yawn with fatigue . holly ( v.o. ) then , for a instant , the sight of the mountain in the dawn light get he hope back up . kit shake he head with admiration and wonder . kit God , what a sight ... tell I this , honey . what do a little Texas girl like yourself think of a sight like that ? she turn to look at the mountain . ext . mountain - there Pov Mountains in the distance closer now than ever before . dissolve to ext . oil rig the cadillac drive up to a oil rig . kit get out of the car . kit Love this air . the roughneck in charge of the rig step out of he trailer . it seem there be nobody else around . kit Morning ... say , you get any gas ? roughneck maybe . kit well . I be sorry . sir . but we have get to ask you for it . Holly walk over to inspect the rig . kit ( o.c. ) see , we be about out ... be drive all night . actually , I do not even have time to explain it to you . roughneck ( o.c. ) well , matter of fact , I do not have any . kit just a second now . that 's you truck . be not it ? he point to a truck link to the front of the trailer . Holly look idly around . suddenly she expression change , for what reason it be not clear . kit ( o.c. ) you do not walk out here . roughneck ( o.c. ) it 's mine all right . kit well , listen . I be go to swap you my cadillac . the roughneck do not understand what kit be up to . kit now do not worry . you be get a fair deal . Hell . what 's the blue book value on this thing , mild ? he slap the hood of the cadillac and look to Holly . she be still preoccupy with whatever it be she have see , though . roughneck ( o.c. ) who be you ? kit name be carruther . believe I shoot people every now and then . not that I deserve a medal . Holly signal kit with a nod at the horizon . holly kit ! kit look up and see a helicopter in the distance . he hesitates a moment , then draw he gun . kit okay , friend . start run . roughneck ( o.c. ) just gimme a chance . kit git . Holly move around the side of the rig and sit against a tire . kit join she . kit Boy . I have a feel today be go to be the day ... helicopter . holly yeah . kit he 's not come to take we for a ride . either . come on , let 's make a run for the car . he start off in the direction of the car , but Holly call he back . holly I do not want to . kit look at she . surprised . kit have you get a better idea ? holly I just do not want to go . kit what ? she shrug . he stare at she for a moment , then bow he head and walk off a distance . kit what be wrong with you , huh ? he kick wildly at dust . kit what be the matter with you , huh !? meanwhile , the helicopter continue its approach . kit walk in closer to Holly . kit Boy , I do not know what to make of you . people like you . he kick at the rig then turn back to face she . kit you want a second chance , then listen . twelve noon the Grand coulee dam , New Year 'ss day. 1964 . you meet I there ... now you get that ? she nod , bewilder . the helicopter be landing . he grab a discard fender off the truck , hang it over he arm like a shield and run to the cadillac , exchange shot with a State trooper who have arrive in the helicopter . the trooper be hit and fall . kit jump in the car and roar off . Holly surrender herself to the pilot of the helicopter and be take off . ext . gas station kit pull into a gas station . he get out of he car and drum on the roof . kit hey , anybody here ? a attendant walk out the door . kit hi ... say , , you get any shell for a Savage , a .300 Savage ? attendant nope . kit damn . I piss all mine away shoot up bottle ... you want to fill she up for I ? please ? the attendant nod . kit pull Holly 's suitcase out of the back seat and walk over to a trash can at the edge of the apron . kit throw Holly 's thing methodically into the trash can . after a while he come upon a book . he open the book and look through it , then turn to find the attendant stare at he . as he get to he foot . he nod at the trash can . kit if you want any of that junk , it 's yours . meanwhile , a police car approach the station . kit see it at about the same time the police see he . he throw he book in the car and roar out of the station . the police car go into a bootlegger 's turn and take off after he . chase - series of angle kit head down the highway . after a while he turn off onto a dirt road . the police keep up with he .. he flip on the radio and fire back at they . the dust be so heavy that they have a hard time just keep track of he . he check he own appearance and general demeanor in the rear view mirror , then swerve off the road onto the prairie . the police manage to keep up . together they roar through a herd of cow and barb wire fence . the police car slam into kit , try to slow he down . kit slam back into the police car . they return to the road . kit make a ninety - degree turn but the police car lose traction and roll onto its side , then back onto four wheel again , stall . kit see that he have lose they . he check himself out in the mirror again , put on the rich man' hat and skid to a stop . the police car get back underway . during this last few moment Holly be hear on voice over . holly ( v.o. ) often I have wonder what be go through kit 's head before they get he and why he do not make a run for it while he still have the chance . do he figure theyld just catch up with he the next day ? be it despair ? he claim to have a flat tire , but the way he carry on about it , I suspect this be false . ext . road kit shoot a hole in the tire of the cadillac , then climb up on the hood . we see how far behind the police be . he check he pulse and jump back down . he scurries around collect rock from the shoulder as the police approach from the distance . he make a stack of the rock to mark the site of he capture for posterity , finish just as the police car skid to a stop . kit throw up he hand and walk forward to meet they . they gun be draw . kit hi. sheriff hold it right there . kit I could have hold off a army if I could have get behind a rock in the mountain . deputy ( o.c. ) oh yeah ? kit ( nodd ) Long as my ammo hold out ... right there 's where you catch I . he nod at the stack of rock . the sheriff frisk he as the deputy cover . deputy we do it , Ray . kit you better not leave that cadillac sit out here . the sheriff take out a pair of handcuffs . sheriff put you hand in back of you head . the sheriff clap the handcuffs on one of kit 's wrist . sheriff now put the other one on yourself . kit do as the sheriff ask . the deputy holster he pistol and walk forward to inspect they prize . he and kit exchange glance . deputy ( to sheriff ) Hell , he be not no bigger than I be . the sheriff stick he pistol in kit 's ear and lead he off toward the police car . kit you be go to give I a cauliflower ear , sheriff . the sheriff give kit a shove . deputy he should have think about that before he get catch ... should not he ? the deputy draw he pistol and fire a shot into the neighbor field . kit be startle . the deputy make the same motion , this time without fire . deputy hup ! ext . highway the police car sail down a open stretch of highway . int . police car kit think for a while , then turn to the sheriff , who be drive . kit think I will take the juice ? sheriff beat I . the deputy , fascinate , watch all this from the back seat . kit turn to he . kit say , what kind of rifle be that you be shoot at I ? deputy thirty aught six . kit ( o.c. ) you ever have to open it up like that before ? deputy nope . kit turn back around . kit ( reassuringly ) well , you boy have perform like a couple of heroes ... and do not think I be not go to pass it around when we get to town . the sheriff lift the hat off kit 's head and toss it out the window . it roll to a stop on the highway behind they . kit you toss my hat out the window . sheriff ( o.c. ) wanta sue I ? kit no . deputy kit ... kit , I have get a question for you . kit mmmmm . deputy you like people ? kit they be okay . deputy then why would you do it ? kit I do not know . always want to be a criminal , I guess . just not this big a one ... take all kind though . kit get a smile from the deputy . the deputy turn to the sheriff . deputy you know who that sombitch look like ? ( no reply ) you know , do not you ? kit be anxious to hear the answer . sheriff ( o.c. ) no . deputy I will kiss you ass if he do not look like James Dean . kit drop he eye and turn away , deeply gratify by this remark . the sheriff smile at the deputy in the rear mirror . the car roar past a freight train . int . airport hangar kit stand on the wing of a light plane , inside a large hangar at the local airport . he be shackle in a leather transfer vest . he take souvenir out of he pocket and toss they out to a crowd of Montana State trooper and National guardsman milling around on the tarmac ground below he . mechanic how you do there , kit ? kit ( o.c. ) Fine as can be expect . just lock up , can not move . mechanic ( o.c. ) that 's a nice little coat you get on there . kit you think ?... it 's leather . he take out he cigarette lighter . kit hey , now here 's a real prize . I must have have this about ten year . who 's go to get it ? voice ( o.c. ) gimme that sombitch . kit there you go . second voice ( o.c. ) where you from ? kit South dakota . where you from ? second voice ( o.c. ) here . kit want a comb ? he take a comb out of he pocket and pitch it down to somebody . he ignore most of the question come at he . third voice ( o.c. ) joni James be from South dakota . kit yeah , she get out of there , too . FOURTH voice ( o.c. ) you ever be to Kansas ? fifth voice ( o.c. ) hey , kit. whot 's you favorite singer ? kit Eddie Fisher . who 's yours ? fifth voice ( o.c. ) Eddie Fisher . kit damn ! want a pen ? he pitch the man a ballpoint . the camera move back to a wide shot of the whole scene . sixth voice ( o.c. ) how old be you ? kit do not you read the papers ? sixth voice ( .o.c . ) you ever be marry ? kit no sir , I have not . ext . hangar - series of angle various shot of the National guardsman doze on the pavement . play card beside the hangar , a little bored . also a shot of Holly with the sheriff and deputy . seventh voice ( o.c. ) hey , kit , you afraid of death ? kit ( o.c. ) I have not think about it much . int . hangar the deputy walk up to kit with some legal papers . kit hey , listen , Tom , I do not mean to tell you how to run you show here but this cuff be pinching . what do you say now ? deputy I need to get you signature on some papers here , kit . kit well , I have get to read they first . suppose I could get a Coke while I do ? deputy sure thing . come on . he give kit the papers and lead he out of the hangar . kit turn back to the crowd inside . kit you boy keep out of trouble . guardsman do not worry about we . deputy Holly 's over here , kit. if you want to see she . kit sure . ext . police car Holly lean against the fender of the police car . she wear handcuffs . kit turn to a State trooper who hold he by a tether . kit you want to give I a little slack here ? the trooper pay out the slack . kit lean against the car . he and Holly exchange look . kit do not worry now .. I be go to get you off this charge ... there 's a whole lot of other boy out there . you be go to have a lot of fun . Holly look down . kit Boy , we ring the bell , do not we ? Holly do not reply . kit I will say one thing , though ... that guy with the deaf may ? he 's just lucky he 's not dead , too . Holly do not appreciate the humor of this . kit , chasten , turn serious . kit course it 's too bad about you dad . holly yeah . kit we be go to have to sit down , and talk about that sometime . he look up at the SOUND of a income plane . ext . airport - series of angle the plane that will take they back to South dakota , a B - 25 , come in for a landing . the mass of trooper and National guardsman , with kit and Holly , walk out to meet it . a jeep lead it down the taxiway . a civilian bystander point kit and Holly out to a young boy he hold in he arm . ext . plane kit sign he extradition papers on the back of the Chief trooper , give they to the deputy and shake hand with the Chief . kit thank you very much , Chief sim . sorry if I cause you any inconvenience . chief you do not cause I any trouble . kit thanks anyway . he turn to shake hand with the deputy . the planet engine whir to life . deputy well , kit ... kit Tom ... deputy good luck to you . kit thanks . deputy I mean it . kit I know you do . good luck to you , too . trooper now we go . the trooper pull he toward the plane . kit call Holly . kit come on , Red . ext . runway - series of angle the prop start turn . the crowd wave goodbye as the board door be close . the wheel turn toward the sun . the guardsman race back to they truck . a mailman carry off the mail bag he collect from the plane . the plane taxie down the runway and lift into the air . holly ( v.o. ) kit and I be take back to South dakota . they keep he in solitary , so he do not have a chance to get acquainted with the other inmate , though he be sure they would like he , especially the murderer . myself , I get off with probation and a lot of nasty look . later I marry the son of the lawyer who defend I . ( pause ) kit go to sleep in the courtroom while he confession be be read , and he be sentence to die in the electric chair . on a warm spring night , six month later , after donate he body to science , he do . with Holly 's last word we CUT inside the cabin of the plane . int . cabin kit sit next to the trooper at the back of the plane . Holly sit opposite they , with a detective behind she . kit 's attention be fix on the military hat in the trooper 's lap . kit Sir ... where would you get that hat ? trooper State . kit Boy , I would like to buy I one of that . the trooper smile . Holly look up . trooper you be quite a individual , kit . kit think they will take that into consideration ? the trooper smile and look out the window . kit look to Holly , to see if she have take this remark in the proper spirit . she smile and look out the window . ext . cloud - holly Pov - dusk a unbroken sea of cloud stretch out before she . fade out . end credit over black . the end