ball out a deely somewhat awesome original screenplay by the robotard 8000 copyright '' 2009 all rights reserved fade the fuck in : a brief , painful montage establish the cod : cape motherfuck cod . ext . beach parking lot - sunny day clogge with doughy tourist bulg out of they bathing suit . a long line of car wait to park snake out onto the main road . in the distance , we hear the persistent sound of a stuck car horn get louder . a brand new BMW barrel past the line of wait car . steam billow from its severely dent grill . with no regard for anyone , the beamer swerve in front of a old lady and skid to a stop across the last two handicap space . jim simmer ( 38 ) calmly exit the vehicle and begin to peel off he robe and pyjamas one piece at a time as he march towards a trash can . he 's down to he underwear as he snatch a newspaper out of the parking attendant be hand and buck naked by the time he squat into the trash can to take a shit . it 's a scene , man . he 's fold in half , ass submerge in the trash can , knee dangle over the side . Jim flip to the sport page , seemingly unaware of the slack - jaw gawker crowded around . the stuck car horn in the background be accented by a short grunt of relief as Jim finish . he struggle to get out of the can , then push past the horrify crowd , bee-line for the ocean . nake as a jaybird , he stride purposefully into the cold water of the Atlantic . the wail car horn rise in crescendo as we ... CUT to : close on a pot of boiling water for no good reason ... +.- no good reason whatsoever . super : two week earlier int . jim 's bedroom - morning the bark dog next door wake Jim up two hour too early , just like always . he 's wear that same pyjamas , slip on that same robe , walk through he sad little apartment , into ... int . bathroom - morning the proper place to shit . but Jim 's only pissing this morning . Long and pungent . int . jim '’s kitchen - morning Jim set out he cereal , he juice , he milk and he fiber additive . he add eight freeze raspberry - not seven , not nine but eight - to he bowl . int . jim 's live room - later Jim be now dress in the uniform of middle management : a short - sleeve dress shirt , maudlin tie , and pleate dockers® . a backpack sling over both shoulder complete he lame appearance . he pick up a book , '' 365 Morning affirmation '' , turn to a earmarke page , look in the mirror ... jim you be a winner , Jim simmer . but he 's not . ext . jim 's apartment - morning Jim peek out . look around . the coast be clear . but the second he step onto the sidewalk , a big asshole dog - the same one whose bark wake he earlier - menace he . Jim stand motionless while the four-legged cocksucker bark maniacally at he . the gay neighbor , a short , shave - bald fireplug of a dude , step outside . jim a little help here . the gay neighbor I be so sorry . I do not know why he 's like that with you . ( to the dog ) hoag ! David hoag , you come here ! David hoag trot back to he owner . jim I do not wanna sound like a break record here , but you kind of promise to keep he lock up . the Gay neighbor ignore he , fixate on a string dangle from he dog 's ass . the gay neighbor what have you eat , hoagster ? huh ? ( look waaay up there ) you have be scavenge , have not you hoagie ? jim okay ...so ... you 's 1ll leash you dog from now on , right ? the gay neighbor ( pull the dog 's leg apart ) huh ? oh , absolutely . Jim shake he head and proceed to enter ... int . sporty kia spectrum ( with racing stripe ) - morning Jim strap in and drive off , cranking Duran Duran 's '' the reflex '' on he shitbox 's crappy stereo . ext . mid - cape highway - morning empty . yet there 's a stoplight . and Jim stop at it despite be the only car out . a suv pull up next to he . Jim turn downs he music , self - conscious . still the light remain red , taunting Jim . the suv run it , but Jim wait . and wait . a truck barrel through the light without stop . finally it turn green . Jim pull off . ext . shopping plaza - morning a dunkin 's donut , a convenience store and a Post Office . Jim 's park he car politely , climb out and head into ... int . convenience store - continuous Jim place a newspaper on the counter while a hot young clerk ramble on the phone , ignore he . hot young clerk first he fuck the shit out of I , then beat the shit out of I , which would be fine if I be not the one smuggle he crack into prison when I be visit he brother . shit , it 's not like he 's gonna help I get my baby back from the jamaican asshole we meet at the rage ... Jim be both intrigue and embarrassed by she conversation . jim can I please -- ( she hold up she finger ) can I please -- ( finger go up again ) look , I just need -- hot young clerk ( into the phone ) hold on one second , juno ! ( to Jim ) here ! she punch a few button on the lottery machine and shove the result ticket at Jim . hot young clerk five quick pick , two megabuck and a daily double , 0 - 5 - 0 - 8 , and one cape cod Times ! Jim pay she and snatch he shit , irk . hot young chick you might as well burn you money , man . you be never gonna win . Jim head out . ext . valid insurance build - day Jim pull up to a nondescript , multi-story , '' God please kill I '' office building . int . valid insurance - first floor - day a endless sea of cubicle fill with people do thing and say thing we could not care less about . Jim make he way to cubicle 18 - C and take a seat . he open he top drawer and pull out a lottery ticket . check the number against the result in the newspaper ... Jim sigh . no luck . as he settles in and put on he headset , a familiar scent catch he attention . jim 's p.o.v . as olivia - curvy , gorgeous , wafting sensuality - glide up the stair to the second tier . her ass be fuck perfect . seriously . her ass be actually perfect and there 's nothing Jim can do about it . jill ( 0.s. ) six year later and you be still infatuated ... Jim turn ... in the cubicle directly adjacent to he -- jill summer ( early 30 's ) - hip , chunky , vibrant , ballsy - sit with she foot on she desk and a unplugge electric guitar in she lap . jim you really wanna start ? she motion for he to hold on . jill ( into headset ) yes , mar ’am , I understand ... she mouth to Jim , '' I do not understand . '' jill ( cont 'd ) ( into headset ) yes , mar ’am , I understand . Jill mute the headset . jill ( cont 'd ) forty three second till the coffee rush . hold my spot if you beat I ? jim I always beat you . Jill un - mute the headset . jill ( into headset ) can you hold while I look up you policy ? thank you . Jill punch the hold button and take off . Jim be about to follow , but ... he 's interrupt by a annoying buz from he desk phone . co- worker ( 0.s. ) ( exasperate ) Jim , I have get a woman on line nine -- she just ... she will not fuck listen to reason . any chance you can help I out here ? jim not a problem . co- worker ( 0.s. ) thanks , man . I appreciate it . Jim punch a button , unleash the kraken . jim ( into headset ) valid insurance , Jim simmer speak . how may I be of ass -- the woman on the other end immediately launch into a hysterical tirade . her word be indecipherable , but she rage be unmistakable . jim okay , slow down a minute . do the letter indicate the reason for the termination of you policy ? her response be another forty - five second burst of insane chatter . int . copy room - fifteen minute later a bored co- worker stand over the open copy machine hit the '' start '' button over and over , seemingly hypnotize by the move light . Jim approach with a stack of papers , still deal with the customer . Jim cover the microphone on he headset . jim ( to bore co-worker ) uh , you mind ? the bore co- Worker snap out of he trance , and step aside . jim ( into headset ) I agree with you , mar ’am . now if you would just give I you policy number , I can -- Jim run off copy while the woman run she mouth . int . file room - fifteen minute later two lazy co-worker , schooley and mccorkle , stand around gossipe . mccorkle .»+. so I get three finger in , right ? and the chick lean right into my ear and say , '' more '' , and I be like , '' honey , any more and I be not gonna be able to drive the van " ... his buddy laugh . they moment of bullshit be interrupt when Jim approach . his headset be still buzzing with the irk customer . jim ( into headset ) ma ’am can you hold on a second ? ( to schooley and mccorkle ) uh , guy , I have gotta get in there . the two slacker shoot he a dismissive look and walk off . schooley whatever you say , Captain overtime . as Jim search through the file ... jim ma ’‘am , I really want to help but ... int . office kitchen - moment later Jim get in line at the coffee maker . jill already have she coffee and Jim do not and that 's funny to she . she smirk . jill sucker . he point to he headset , manage a sheepish smile . jim ( into headset ) I understand that it run in you family , however , you child do weigh in excess of four hundred pound so -- Jim have to pull the headset away when the woman screech at he . jill dude , hang up . life 's too short . but Jim be commit . plus he 's next in line for coffee , right behind ... blake henderson , 29 ( but say he 's 27 ) , a overconfident , overachieve dick . the kind of guy who have a big ass coffee cup that say '' big ass cup '' on the side . Jim watch in horror as blake dump he lukewarm coffee into the sink and pour the last of the fresh coffee into he '' big cup . '' he shake the pot to ensure that he 's literally take every last drop . blake ( gun-point at Jim and say ... ) fuck right , I do . blake strut off leave Jim with a empty pot and a angry customer . jim ( into headset , exasperate ) please , please , please , just tell I what I can do to make this -- click . Jim snatch the fuck headset off he fuck head . jim fuck . he catch Jill smirk from across the room . Jim sigh and start on a new pot . he sort through the various brand of shit . jim no Starbucks ? in the trash lay the last empty bag of Starbucks . Jim hold up seven brand of crap : maxwell House , folger , munter 's Brown roast , etc . voice over loud speaker ( 0.s ) Jim simmer , please report to Mr. whiteman 's office . he hurriedly select the bag of munter 's brown® , start the maker on '' quick brew '' . jill why do not you just grab a cup up on the second tier ? jim it do not work like that , Jill . just because Mr. whiteman call I to he office do not mean I have second tier privilege . jill dude . the White man 's not call you up there to chit-chat , he 's call you up to promote . and you be the most promotable guy I know . jim I do not know about the most promotable , but I have definitely do the work . the coffee brews oh so slowly . excruciate . Jim check he watch ... 10 . jill you have get it come , Jim . do not worry . the coffee machine chirp . but now Jim want to ensure that he have the '' right '' cup . each time he pick one up , he put it back , choose another . jim ( intense ) I feel like this have to happen , you know ? I feel like I have do everything that I be suppose to do and I have wait as long as I possibly can ... it have to happen today . jill easy , turbo ... finally Jill grab a cup for Jim and pour . jill it 's just a promotion -- jim it 's a career , Jill . it 's a job now , but it become a career by the end of the day . it have to . jill right . or I be sure you will kill everyone here . she punch he playfully in the arm and walk away . Jim steel himself , take a sip of he coffee ... disgusting . pour it out . int . mr. whiteman 's office - moment later Mr. whiteman sit behind he desk , a serious look etched upon he serious face . Jim enter , ebullient . mr . whiteman ( somber ) Jim ... it 's all there ... in that one word . his face drop . jim no . mr . whiteman this be not easy ... 11 . jim no . blake enter smugly , sip Starbucks from he Big ass Cup . blake yeah . mr . whiteman look , we deliberate for a long time . it be torturous . you guy be both eminently qualified . jim then why ? honestly , why ? blake do not do it to yourself , Jim . mr . whiteman he 's right . accept it , Jim simmer , because this be how it be . jim no offense to blake , but I have be here longer , my output be higher , I work harder than anyone I know . this do not make any sense . tell I why ? mr . whiteman Jim , what so many people on Earth do not understand ... blake ...- do not even fathom ... mr . whiteman -.. be that so much of life be base on popularity . jim be you kid ? mr . whiteman no . blake be more popular than you , and I think that count for something . silence . Jim gnaw on he lip . Mr. whiteman notice Jim 's hand clenching . jim I need to leave early today . 12 . mr . whiteman I think that 's a good idea . blake yeah . I just need you to do one little thing before you leave . int . jim 's cubicle - day blake plop a big ass stack of file on Jim 's desk . he give Jim the gun point and walk off . ext . corddry house - evening Jim pull up and approach the most perfect house in this perfect neighborhood . we hear bird chirping , sprinkler sprinkling ... and the sound of a violent struggle inside . Jim knock . int . corddry house - evening rebecca corddry ( 36 ) , a sweet - face , dainty buttercup answer . rebecca Jim ! Rebecca be the spitting image of a 1950 's housewife . jim hey , becca . be Rob ... horrible scream emanate from inside the home . jim ( cont 'd ) ( be : the sound ) well , I guess he be home . rebecca come on in . int . corddry live room - evening a perfect little suburban live room . Jim sit on the couch . Rebecca sit across from he . rebecca he 'il be with you in a minute , he 's just put junior down . 13 . the hallway that connect to this live room be alive with the sound of some horrible fight . Jim look , see nothing . rebecca so , how have you be ? jim eh . it 's all be kind of '' eh '' lately . then we see it , at the end of the hallway ... rob corddry , five foot six , 152 pound of wiry persistence , clamp a choke hold around the neck of he stepson junior , 14 , a massive construct of rage and retardation . the fight slam they out of view . jim and rebecca continue with they small talk . jim so ... I bet you be glad to have Rob home . rebecca I be . whenever he 's go , junior and I count the day until the off season . jim I bet . not much to talk about . down the hall junior charge out backwards slamm Rob into a wall until further rewrite . jim grins at rebecca they struggle for a topic . jim so ...do you guy have plan for while he 's home ? rebecca he 's just back , so we have not really make any plan . ( tap Jim 's leg ) 14 . rebecca ( cont 'd ) I know he can not wait to go out with the guy though . Jim sigh . jim yep . the guy out on the cod . from deep within the bowel of this home we hear ... rob ( 0.s. ) aahh ! oh fuck my GOD ! fuck my GOD ! rebecca you know what , maybe you oughta go on back and give he a hand . Jim stand . Rebecca hand he a baseball bat . CUT to : int . the beachcomber bar - night a local dive with a tropical theme . Rob have bandage over he eye , the pain in he damage sternum be excruciate as he try to sit . Rob pound the bar , tear welling in he eye . rob oh , motherfuck ! jim ( concerned ) he 's really get big , Rob . rob ahhh ! he 's -- oh fuck ! Rob be in so much pain he have to smash a glass on the floor . rob I have gotta stand . I can not sit , man . ( take a breath ) yeah , the boy 's get big . each time I come home , it 's like he 's grow another three inch . jim uh , do not that kinda ... scare you ? rob no , the doctor say he rage will wain as he get older . 15 . rob ( cont 'd ) really , my main concern be the weight set that becca buy he . I swear , it 's like he 's training , you know . I mean , he break my choke-hold three time before I could lock it in . jim he 's probably watch that ultimate fight or something . rob ( all sentimental ) I be away so much , it just kill I . I mean , I be sure deep down he 's a good kid ... and Rebecca 's such a great mom with such a great vagina it 's like , I wish I could put they in a time capsule when I be away . then , Rob look at Jim , suddenly and deeply worried himself . rob do you think he 's training , Jim ? do you think he 's training to kill I ? Jim ponder the question : be the retarded boy training to kill he stepfather ? jim Nah . I mean , you have only be he stepdad for what , five year ? rob six . jim okay , six . the point be , this thing take time . he ’1ll come around . nob ! larry ( 0.s. ) ob ! Jim and Rob turn to see larry will , 40' , deck out in a tank - top , flip flop and lifeguard short . he 's a beach parking lot attendant by day and thieve playboy by day , too . Larry be escort by a MILF who have not yet learn that she 's be take advantage of . larry welcome home , man . 16 . Larry move in to hug rob. Rob retreat . larry ahh ... the boy 's get bigger , huh ? ( to the MILF ) Ho no. she dig up a twenty from she purse . larry Babe , Rob 's be go for four month fishing and shit . beat . she reluctantly hand he she credit card . take a seat . larry ( eyebrow raise ) we have talk about this . she storm off , piss . Larry focus on the guy . larry I mean , I hate to be rude but , Jesus , bitch ... ( wave the MILF 's credit card ) drink on I . rob ( be : another MILF ) hey , be not that that marry woman you hook up with last time I be here ? another cute MILF across the bar stare at Larry . larry hmm , I do not remember . he wave . she wave . he motion at he cock , ' you want this ? 's she wave . he motion again , ' you want this ? 's she wave . he stand and yell ... larry you want this ?! huh ? his boy shake they head , ' good ole Larry . 's larry ( to the guy ) I do not even care , man . I ' 11l do it . i’1l do it cuz I be totally hard . he have a full on , blast erection tightening he lifeguard short . 17 . rob Christ man , put that away before you get somebody pregnant . larry you better watch out , man , or it ' 1l be you . ( to the irk waitress stand right there ) six shot and keep ‘em come . ( the waitress do not move ) what ? you want some of this ? huh ? now she move . and now we know Larry will . int . bar - a hour later the guy be loosen up with liquor . the drink keep come . jim ten year with this company and I be still stick on tier one , with crappy coffee and stupid customer . rob do not sweat it , man , they 's 1ll get you the next time . jim easy for you to say , you life be set . larry no one 's life be set , Jim . jim no , seriously . Rob 's get the family set up , Larry , you have get all that woman and the monster cock ... I mean what the fuck ? larry you problem , Jim , and I do not wanna make it sound like I be judge you , but even if you hada cock half the size of mine , you would probably still want mine cuz it 's so fuck big . jim you do not understand , I have do everything right . 18 . jim ( cont 'd ) I have follow every rule , I have work my ass off , yet I be almost forty year old with no girlfriend , no money , and a medium - size cock at best . larry you have get more money than I , bro . at the front door Jim 's co-worker , blake , olivia , Jill , and blah-blah enter . Jill see Jim and detach from blake 's crew . at the bar Jill join the guy . larry gimme some of that , Jill . jill do not give I the sweet talk , twelve inch , I know you be a piece of shit inside . she give he a peck on the cheek . break out a BOX of cigar with a bow on it . jill I get this to celebrate you promotion , but ... you know ... she hand out cigar . jim yeah , well there 's no point in smoking they now . jill you have gotta be kid . this be cuban . she wave a cigar under he nose . jill just because you do not get the promotion , do not mean this cigar be any less enjoyable . rob ... or less illegal . Jim hand the cigar back to she . jim might as well give mine to he ... 19 . he point to blake , who be sit across the room with olivia glomm all over he . jill no matter how long you stare at that perfect ass , she 's always gonna be wrong for you . rob she 's right . what you need be that . Rob point at a slightly dumpy chick across the bar . jim no thanks . larry ha ! I fuck she . I push she stomach right into she forehead . the waitress arrive . hand Jim a bill . waitress blake say this round be on you , something about congratulate he . Jim look over and blake give Jim the gunpoint . jim first of all , I do not congratulate he . second of all , it 's not even my card . larry damn right , that 's my chick 's money we be spend . send it back . waitress Fine , I will do it . but blake 's gonna be piss . as she move to leave ... jim wait . Jim hand she he credit card . jill you be such a flounder . Jill pinch the waitress 's butt , they walk away talk . 20 . jim I be not a flounder . it 's the right move , right guy ? rob let I ask you this , be you gonna be bitching about it next week ? jim what be I suppose to do ? it 's over , he win . rob if you accept it , then it 's over . jim so , what ? I do what exactly ? larry you take that bitch by the love handle and fuck the cash out of she . ( off they look ) fuck you guy , it 's a metaphor . rob mongo 's right . he 's fuck up , but he 's right . you gotta march right into that White man 's office and demand you promotion . larry yeah ! you earn that shit , and shit . Jim look at blake . blake have it all . and do not deserve any of it . Jim knock back he shot . jim you know what ? you guy be right , you be absolutely right . that promotion be mine ! he pound the bar in emphasis . jim fuck blake and fuck the White man . tomorrow I be gonna march into that office and take what 's mine ! int . jim 's bedroom - morning the dog bark , Jim awaken with kick - ass in he eye . 21 . int . kitchen - morning eight motherfuck raspberry . int . live room - morning Jim read he morning affirmation with extra special sauce . jim ( into mirror ) you can have it all , Jim simmer . but he can not . ext . jim 's apartment - morning the four-legged cocksucker rush Jim , but Jim beat he to the car . Victory ! the gay neighbor ( call out as Jim drive off ) sorry ! ext . mid cape highway - morning Jim wait for the signal while other do not . for a split-second , he look around as if he might ... nope . ext . convenience store - sidewalk - day a insane black hobo rant . he 's the only black person on cape cod . above he two municipal worker fuck around with a power line . black hobo this Earth be not fit for man ! only in the afterlife can one find truth and justice . come all ye faithful , joyful and triumphant , join I ! let go of this Earth and join I ... the Black hobo pull out a toy pistol and put it to he head . he see Jim pull up in he sporty Kia spectrum ( with racing stripe ) . Jim get out and head toward the store . 22. black hobo you ! dolemite ! join I ! Jim speed up but the bum rush he . black hobo join I and I will complete you training . with we combine strength we can end this destructive conflict and bring order to the galaxy . ( suddenly lucid ) I know why you be unhappy . Jim stop . black hobo this be not you Earth . you can never find justice here amongst the wick , but fear not . the afterlife await you . true heaven . true joy . Jim stare at the magical negro and sense truth in he word . this be what he 's be wait to hear . black hobo the big payoff be come . krrzzzaapp ! above they -- the Municipal worker rear back , try to avoid a severe , flail power line . but Jim be too rivete by the hobo to notice the wire . or the puddle of water he 's stand in . black hobo ( with zealotous zeal ) the big payoff be come and -- ( suddenly terrify ) oh , shit muthafucka ! the bum jump back as the wire make contact with the water and fries Jim alive . CUT to : a empty void - post death Jim stand in space . nothing above he , nothing around he . 23 . jim where be I ? ( realize ) oh , my God . the black bum be right . Jim smile in a way we have not see before . true joy . jim come . come take I ... Jim fall to he knee , arm beckone upward like shawshank redemption . Long beat . jim I be ready , um , Lord , or whoever . hook I up . Jim look out , still shawshank ... absolutely nothing . jim come ! behind jim -- a magnificent tunnel of light open up , beckone ... but Jim be still look forward , clueless as always . he stand . jim really ? the light behind he grow even more magnificent ’er . if only he have just turn around ... jim no ? ( then ) I do not even get this ? seriously ! no pearly gate ? I have wait for so goddamn long ... I mean , I be not damn you , but come on ! everything suddenly goe black . ext . convenience store - sidewalk - continuous Jim explode into consciousness . the Black hobo be pound on he chest . 24 . black hobo do not you die on I , man . you have never back away from a fight in you life ! Jim try to push the bum off . a cop car pull up . the Black hobo punctuate each word with a head slap . black hobo say you , say I ! say you , say I ! the cop rush the bum . they snatch he away . Jim stand up . groggy . the bum break free and do a fly kick into Jim 's chest . black hobo do not die on I ! the cop pin the bum down . handcuff he . one of the cop step to Jim . cop be you okay , sir ? Jim look down . his foot be smolder . his mind reeling . jim no. ( look up to heaven ) I be really , really disappointed . int . jim 's live room - time lapse Jim lay on the couch submerge in a bout of existential depression . outside he window the sun go up and down as the world turn . day pass , Jim do not move , half asleep , half awake . finally , he sit up . real time : Jim pick up the remote with a sigh . turn on the tv . the television be suddenly alive with Tom Cruise . tom cruise ( from '' Mission : impossible '' ) Jim ? the image jump forward to a anguish close - up. 25 . tom cruise why , Jim ? why ? that 's weird . Jim switch the channel . low and behold ... the television offer more Tom Cruise on this channel . tom cruise ( from '' Jerry Maguire '' ) help I . help I help you . help I help you ! Jim switch the channel . and again ... tom cruise ( from '' all the right move '' ) do not this seem just a little bit too crazy ? jim yes . yes , it do . Jim change the channel . the television will not stop . it 's like Tom Cruise be speak directly to Jim . tom cruise ( from '' the Color of money '' ) it 's like a nightmare , be not it ? jim this be nut . tom cruise man , it just keep get worse and worse , do not it ? Jim hit the remote . and there he be again , in tight close - up . tom cruise ( from '' day of Thunder '' ) when I be drive , I get a guy on the radio who talk to I . I can not see he but he talk to I . jim so what 's you point ? the image freeze . Jim change the channel . 26 . tom cruise ( from '' cocktail '' ) what do it mean ? nothing ! jim that much I figure out on my own . click . tom cruise ( from '' magnolia '' ) in this big game that we play - life - it 's not what you hope for , it 's not what you deserve ... it 's what you take ! the image freeze . Jim stare for a long moment , try to process the universe 's code . he hit the remote one last time ... tom cruise ( from '' risky Business '' ) sometimes you just gotta say what the fuck . make you move . the television 's holy glow take we to ... int . jim 's live room - next morning sunlight . the bark dog wake Jim . he get up . int . bathroom - morning he pull out he penis with he hand and steady it to shoot pee out of the tip . it 's a magnificent stream , powerful after day of build up . when droplet hit the seat , Jim ignore they and move on . int . kitchen - morning Jim pull out he cereal , he juice , he raspberry and he fiber additive . he look at he boring breakfast , turn to the freezer and grab a vat of ice cream ... Jim spoon it from the carton as he walk out . 27 . int . jim 's live room - morning he stand before the mirror , shoveling ice cream into he maw at a alarming rate . he stare at he reflection for a long moment . jim what 's the point ? Jim toss the half empty carton of ice cream over he shoulder and move on . ext . jim 's house - morning Jim exit the house lethargically , drag he backpack behind he . within second , that asshole dog be upon Jim , snarling and bark like the asshole he be . Jim do not slow , do not acknowledge the dog in any way . just proceed to he sporty kia ( with racing stripe ) and climb in . the gay neighbor ( 0.s. ) come back here , hoagster ! bad hoagie ! that 's a bad hoagie . the dog continue to snap and snarl as Jim crank '' the reflex '' and pull away . ext . stoplight - morning same scene , different day . Jim 's sporty kia slow to a stop . '' the reflex '' continue to blare even as a carload of judgemental teens pull up beside he . they laugh at Jim . they laugh at he gay music . some even point at he while they do it . teens can be so cruel . so cruel . but it do not affect Jim in the least . and he 's do wait at this stupid light . he step on the accelerator and zoom away . int . convenience store - morning the cute clerk babbles away on the phone as Jim make he way to the magazine rack . grab himself a copy of loose & juicy magazine and proceed to the counter . 28 . the clerk see Jim , punch some button on the lotto machine . Jim shake he head , ' no . 's open the magazine to the centerfold and hold it up . the clerk be horrify . Jim toss some bill on the counter and leave . ext . valid insurance company - parking lot - morning worker gather around as blake show off the brand new BMW m - 3 that he buy with he promotion bonus . olivia be particularly impressed . as Jim walk by , disgust , blake wink and shoot he the gunpoint . int . valid insurance company - morning Jim chuck he backpack into he cubicle as he head for the kitchen . int . kitchen - continuous he pause when he see people crowded around the break coffee machine . drop he head exasperate , then ... look up to the empty coffee room on the second tier . decide . stairway to the second tier - continuous as Jim ascend the stair , he co- worker gawk . co- worker ( fearful ) what 's he do ? / he 's crazy ! Jill rush over to stop he but freeze at the first step . she do not dare set foot on it . jill ( look up at Jim ) Jim , come back ! you can not go up there ! but Jim keep go . 29 . int . coffee room - second tier - continuous olivia stand alone , shocked to see ... Jim walk right toward she . he take the creamer out of she hand , then grab the entire pot of coffee and walk out . olivia squint , pique by Jim 's robust flavor . int . kitchen - first tier - moment later Jim pour a cup , add he cream , and leave the gourmet coffee for the rest of he co-worker . they gather around the pot , sniff it like wine . co-worker smell the aroma . Jill pour a small sip . swirl it around in she mouff . jill oh , my God ... no clump . CO - worker 2 : the spawning and it do not taste like mud . int . jim 's cubicle - morning Jim have he headset on , lean all the way back in he chair , talk to a customer ... jim ( into headset ; flat , emotionless ) I be try to help you , mar ’am but you have get to answer the question , okay ? how fat be you kid ? while the person on the line yell Jim twirl he chair , wait for he turn to speak . he notice Jill in she cubicle , talk to a customer on the phone as she apply the final touch to a pencil sketch . jill ( into phone ) yes , sir , I be check for you right now . she hold it up for Jim to see . 30 . angle on the drawing revealing a realistic rendering of Jim joyfully feed blake into a meat grinder . jim spin away in he chair , offer no reaction . jim ..- ma’am ... okay , sorry , sir . Sir , I understand , but '' husky '' be not a medical diagnosis . Jill sigh , break out she eraser and change the smile on draw Jim 's face to a frown . jim I need a number ... what do I mean ? like combine do you twin weigh more than you car ?... offended ? sorry . please , just give I a number ... ( almost fall out of he chair when he hear the number ) you be fuck kid I . how much ? ( awed be they like , seven foot tall ? no ? ( punch he keyboard ) well , I be look at the actuarial table now and unless you twin be lebron James and shaquille o'neal , they be not gonna qualify . ( interrupt the customer 's rant ) hold on -- hold on -- hold on , I just gotta ask this . I mean , there 's no way on earth any reputable firm be gonna insure that orca of yours , but I feel the need to ask to satisfy my own curiosity . why have you ever marry a fat chick ? click . Jim take off the headset . leans forward , despondent . his phone ring incessantly . blake ( 0.s. ) ( behind he ) hard day , huh ? Jim look up . blake drop a load of file on he desk . 31 . blake make this a priority . we stay with blake as he strut through the office , finger point and be obnoxious . he slap Jill 's ass then take a do nut out of CO - worker 2 : the spawning 's petite hand . after one bite , blake toss the donut and head upstairs . blake 's office - second tier - continuous blake enter and be shocked to see ... Jim stand there with the file . blake um ... Jim hold out the file and drop kick they ... papers fly all over the room . Jim give blake the gunpoint ... jim fuck yeah I do . ... and walk out . ext . beach house - dusk beautiful . right on the water . the sound of heterosexual sex emanate from inside . int . beach house - bedroom - continuous everything about this place say '' old money '' , include the old money lady , maureen , be pound from behind by Larry . Larry 's face be curl in disgust , tear stream down he cheek . and yes , he do indeed have a clothespin on he nose . maureen ( near climax ) oh , yes ! oh yesss !!! fucky I lenny ! fucky I like you need a job ! 32 . Larry punch a pillow in olfactory agony . without warning , a man appear in the doorway . larry shit ! Larry pull out , grab the lamp from the night stand defensively . Maureen stay right where she be . larry Jim ? be that you ? yep . it 's Jim . jim I need to talk to you , Larry . now . Larry be tear . money on the bed , friend in crisis . jim seriously , I need to talk . maureen that 's it . mood ruin . she grab a robe and head to the bathroom . int . beach house - live room - moment later while Jim talk , Larry steal . he rifle through drawer and jacket . jim I think I be have a meltdown , Larry . larry watch for Maureen . jim I die -- I see the other side and there 's nothing . Larry hold up a diamond watch . larry ( be : the watch ) too personal ? yeah . ( set it back down ) be the shower still run ? jim be you pay attention , man ? 33. Larry notice a big ass change jar and start stuff he pocket . he freeze when Maureen enter , wear only a towel . a awkward beat . errant coin slip from he fist . larry um , Jim , can we deal with you meltdown later ? jim be you joke ? all the time I have pick you up when you be drunk , or bail you out of jail ? you can not listen to I for five goddamn minute ? larry ( whisper ) I be kinda work here , Jim . Jim throw Larry against the wall and dig through he pocket . pull out a pirate 's booty . jim you be not work . why do not you just tell she instead of steal ! man -up and sell you cock with some respect . Maureen be not even slightly phase . maureen what ? you think he steal be news to I ? I leave this crap out on purpose . ( slap Larry 's ass ) go ahead . I x11 take a rain check . Larry nonchalantly pocket the watch . Jim just shake he head . int . jim 's car - later Jim drive aggressively . Larry lean over to check the speedometer . larry do you really die and shit ? Jim grab one of he melt shoe from the back seat , drop it into Larry 's lap . jim what do you think ? 34 . Larry stare at the shoe . larry this cost like ninety -- jim that 's not the point ! larry oh . jim the point be : there be no point . there 's nothing , man . some people have it all , and some people have shit . he pull up to Rob 's house . jim I have shit . int . rob 's garage - day Rob be in he garage clean dry blood off of he hook and spike club . Larry and Jim enter . larry whoa ! that 's sick ! rob ( proud ) yeah , I design it for the new guy on the job . nothing worse than see some noob half - spike he club in a wounded harp seal 's head without make the kill shot . it 's almost cruel . Larry notice a instructional poster on the wall detail the proper way to kill baby seal . larry I do not know how you do it , Rob . how can you look into that cute little face and smash it . how do you smash they adorable little face off ? rob hey , I have gotta support my family . and you know what , it 's racist against cow to care about harp seal . 35 . jim ( vex by that fuck up sentence ) what the fuck be you talking about ? rob cow be think creature too , but no one mind kill they . why be harp seal so special ? ( off the guy 's face ) cow make great pet and they be very protective unlike harp seal that have a horrible side no one ever see . larry ( dead serious ) come on , Rob . do not try to justify you murder by player hat on harp seal . they do not hurt anyone and shit , you do ! rob you be out of you element , short bus ! you would not believe what I have see that creature do . I have see that white fur cover in blood ... and not always they own . before it can turn into a argument , Jim jump in . jim enough ! silence . jim no more fight about baby harp seal . you guy do not seem to understand , there 's no God , there 's no heaven , there 's nothing ! all we get be this ! and for I , this -- this whole thing -- everything ... it 's be a waste ! rob what 's go on ? larry he die and now he 's get all -- rob what do you mean he die . 36 . jim I be electrocute . I see the other side and there . was. nothing ! rob um ... jim look , this rule that we live by , they be meaningless . why not grab a woman by she tit and tell she you want to fuck she ? larry I do it all the -- jim shut up , Larry . why have any restraint at all ? why not do whatever you fuck want , whenever the fuck you want , cuz ultimately it do not matter at all ... there 's no fucking payoff ... to any of it ! monstrous groans rumble from inside the house . Rob instinctively tighten he grip on the club . beat . rob ( stare at the wall ) you be scare junior . ( then ) you need to calm down ... jim ( calmly ) no. fuck no . I do not need to calm down . I have spend my entire life '' calming down . '' from here on out , I be get what I want . larry um , what be it ? what do you want ? Jim grab a sharpie and write on the wall ... 1 . . that jes . '' 2 . " that car '' 3 . '' that chick '' 37 . jim ( as he write ) I want that promotion . I want that beamer that blake buy with that promotion . and you know what ? I wanna fuck olivia . I wanna fuck she in the ass . the guy be quiet , mesmerize by Jim 's new outlook . just then , Rebecca enter with a plate of fresh baked cookie ... and two black eye . rebecca ( sing -songy ) who want cookiiiee ? Larry reach for one , burn he hand ... too hot . jim and I want that . Jim grab a handful of cookie . jim arghh ! melty chocolate that would normally be delicious scald Jim 's hand . but he pound they down , disintegrate he mouth with abandon . jim oh , god ! rob dude , wait till they cool -- jim fuck that ... arrg ! Jim eat damn near every one , he face clench in agony . rebecca maybe you could leave this last one for somebody else . Jim snatch the last cookie off the plate and belligerently smashes it all over he face before he eat it . int . valid insurance company - night the office be dark , shut down , except for one room . 38 . int . file room - night Jim hold a list , pick through the infinite row of file . he drop the one that match into a basket . Jill enter . jill this better be good , you call I in here at midnight . he hand she the basket . jim ( terse ) verify that all contact information in this file be current . jill Excuse I . do I work for you ? jim do not mean to be curt , I be just really focus right now . she flip through the file . jill this be all blake 's client . jim yep . jill what be you up to , turbo ? jim take back what 's mine . ext . mr. whiteman 's house - backyard - day a barbecue for all the people who matter be in full swing . brie cheese , fine champagne , and stiff upper lip abound . schooley and mccorkle be off to the side , do what they do ... schooley .-- holy shit , you fist must have smell like ham salad . 39 . mccorkle still do . I have be soaking my hand in tomato juice for two week and it still reek like spoiled cock -garbage . mccorkle hold out he hand . schooly lean in , take a long whiff and instantly recoil from the stench . schooley Holy Jesus ! that smell just like my dream . meanwhile , at the center of the party , blake have a crowd of rich folk entrance . blake .-.- and I have get a little poem that I have like to read in honor of this occasion , if I may . he unfold a slip of paper and begin to read . blake '' it 's easy to grin , when you ship come in , and you have get the stock market beat . but the man worthwhile , be the man who can smile , when he short be too tight in the seat . '' the crowd laugh haughtily . blake 's unearn popularity be mind-numbing . olivia stand off to the side , stun and bored . Mr. whiteman 's wife pat blake 's head like a good dog . mrs . mr. whiteman so entertaining ... and popular too . I have always think you have fit in nicely . blake 's moment in the sun be dash when ... tracy , a four - foot tall , 300 - pound adolescent , enter like a tasmanian devil , scream and steal food from everyone and slamm it into she face . tracy ( between bite ) bannh ! spicy bean burger ... borph ! 40 . ext . backyard - new angle Jim and Rob escort a number of other obese , crippled , and differently - able people into the backyard . Mr. whiteman approach , outrage . mr. whiteman what the hell be you do ? who be this people ... what be this people ? in the background , Tracy chase down a woman with a plate of rib . tracy baaarrg ! jimme more meat sauce ! angle on olivia and Mrs. Mr. whiteman watch from afar . mrs . mr. whiteman what in blaze be wrong with that horrible child ? olivia ( bored ) if I have to guess , I have say prader - willi syndrome . tracy flatten the woman with a backside clothesline . olivia nods . olivia yep , that 's prader - willi , alright . mrs . mr. whiteman what be that ? olivia it 's a rare genetic disorder that cause compulsive eat and irrational behavior . tracy eat the rib off the ground , scream to the sky like a victorious predator . tracy baaaaarrrrg ! 1! back to jim and mr. whiteman 4l . mr . whiteman explain , Jim . now ! jim this be you policy holder . I think you should meet the people you company have be pay million of dollar in claim to . Jim grab blindy , a fifty - year - old wheeze blind man with a oxygen mask over he face . jim this be blindy , he -- blindy ( rasp ) trevor . my name be -- jim this be blindy trevor . he 's ... ( read blindy 's file ) twenty - three -year -old with absolutely no history of health problem . yet as you can see , he 's at least fifty , blind as a bat and suffer from advanced emphysema . Mr. whiteman squint . outrage give way to '' tell I more . '' angle on blake as he exit the house , zipping up . he spot Jim with whiteman ... this can not be good . blake hey ! blake rush over . wedge himself between Jim and Mr. whiteman . blake how dare you , Jim simmer . this be a private function on private property and you be specifically not invite . now pack up this mongoloid and get -- mr . whiteman quiet , blake . do not say another word . ( to Jim ) continue ... 42 . Jim point to a woman ( francesca ) in a overturn wheelchair . she feebly attempt to fight off ... tracy , who violently yank at a candy bar that have somehow get tangle in francesca 's hair . jim and that be francesca . look at she ... tracy mound ! mound ! jimme mound ! Tracy can not get the candy bar out of francesca 's hair , so she start gnaw on the crippled woman 's bouffant . francesca get it off I ! get it off I ! rob ( to Jim ) Jim ? jim not yet . ( hand Mr. whiteman a file ) on paper , francesca be twenty four year old , never be sick a day in here life , and make she live as a lifeguard . francesca oh GOD ! it hurt ! jim but as you can see , she can not swim . she can not possibly swim . Tracy drag francesca by she hair . francesca flail , try to cling to she wheelchair . tracy baarrrahrr ! jimme more nougat ! ! mr . whiteman get to the point , simmer . jim the point be that you have be defraud , Mr. whiteman . by one of you own employee . stun face all around . back to olivia and mrs . mr. whiteman 43 . as they survey Tracy 's path of destruction . mrs . mr. whiteman my god . how do we stop she ? olivia you can not . she can not help herself . Mrs. Mr. whiteman sigh , shake she head as she regards the collection of misfit on she lawn . mrs . mr. whiteman goddamn circus people . olivia shoot she a chastise look and move toward the action . stay with Mrs. Mr. whiteman as she pluck the olive from she martini glass and pop they into she mouth . just as she 's beginning to chew ... whhhummp ! Tracy knock she to the ground . tracy olive and popeye !!! Tracy , she face a deep brown smear of chocolate and hair , grab Mrs. Mr. whiteman by the ear and try to forcibly suck the pre-chew olive from she mouth . Mrs. Mr. whiteman manage a muffled , high - pitched scream ... +..one that only Mr. whiteman can hear . he cock he head like a dog , then turn to see he wife under retarded assault . mr . whiteman ( panicked , to Jim ) for the love of god , call off that creature ! Rob remain stand with he hand behind he back . jim Rob ? Rob unclench he hand , revealing a baseball bat tight in he grip . rob ( with a gleam in he eye ) I be on it . whiteman watch Rob move to save he wife . he turn back to jim. 44 , mr . whiteman who have dare defraud I ? offscreen , we hear a series of horrible '' thwacks '' , punctuate with pain cry from Tracy . tracy ( 0.s. ) baaaaargggh !!!! pie ! jimmy more pie ! | baaaaaarrrrgh ! blake now be not the time for this discussion , sir . I mean , you wife be be maul by a four hundred pound goonie bird . perhaps we should -- mr . whiteman do not I tell you not to speak ? ( to Jim ) I want name . jim ( indicate the retard army ) why do not you ask they ... mr . whiteman well speak up . who sell you you policy ? one by one , they all say the same thing ... '' blake Henderson . '' Mr. whiteman be aghast . mr . whiteman ( to blake ) Henderson be this true ? blake no -- well , yes , but not really . kind of . it 's very complicated ... Jim hand he stack of file to Mr. whiteman . jim it 's all right there . the White man level he cold blue eye on blake . mr . whiteman blake , you be fire . blake but I - - I be the most -- what about my popularity ? 45 . mr . whiteman get out . blake look at Jim , give he the gunpoint . blake I ... I never think you have it in you . blake skulk off . whiteman clasp Jim on the shoulder . mr . whiteman I guess you be my man now , Jim simmer . congratulation . he walk Jim into the heart of the barbecue . the crowd embrace he . olivia move to he side . Jim take the glass of champagne from she hand and gulp it down ... just like he 's gonna do she in a few day . we pull back , past a table where ... rob have tracy pinned face down -- knee in she back , caress she face with the tip of he bat , gently cram cake down she gullet . Tracy squirm , Rob enforce the pin , whisper ... rob shhh . shhhhhhhh . int . valid insurance company - next day low angle tracking shot pulling jim in slow motion as Jim enter the office like a rock star . Jim nod to he former co- worker who gaze upon he in awe . High fives be slap . Jim give the '' you know it '' nod to all that who be now beneath he . he get to the stair -- pause . look back at the ador crowd . a single tear in he eye . as Jim take that first monumental step towards true happiness , the crowd erupt in applause . 46 . jim ( sotto ; heartfelt ) today , I win . I win it hard . Jim climb to the top of the stair . he absolutely must give they one last parting glance . even slower motion as Jim look down , not at he fan but at he defiant erection . his hard , hard defiant erection . he stick it out for the crowd below , just a little bit ... but enough . goddamn he have gusto . black super : '' 45 Minutes later ... '' int . jim 's new office - day a palatial high tech office dominate by a huge oak desk , a big screen tv and a wet bar . Jim be slump in he chair , miserable . the phone be ringing , the file before he sit unaddress . he do not even have he kick ass boner anymore . without warning , Rob and Larry barge in follow closely by jim 's new secretary . larry look at this dig . this place be fuck opulent and shit . secretary I be sorry sir ... this man do not have a appointment and I .... jim ( to Secretary ) they be fine , Cindy . leave we . secretary yes , Mr. simmer . she leave . Rob prowl the office like a kid ina candy store . rob this office be incredible , man . 47 . jim ( without enthusiasm ) yeah . Rob cross to the big screen . rob Holy shit ! be that a fifty - inch ? jim sixty . Larry spy the johnnie Walker Blue label at the wet bar . larry johnnie Walker Blue ? goddamn , that shit be almost as good as johnnie Walker Green ! can I have some ? rob the Blue be better than the Green . larry no it 's not . can I have some ? rob yes it be . right , Jim ? larry look fool , everyone know the Green be the best . cuz it cost more . can I have some , Jim ? rob how do you figure ? larry what color be money , man ? ipso facto , motherfucker ... Rob just shake he head . larry can I have some ...? jim take it . larry take the Blue ? like all of it ? jim take the whole bottle . I do not care . 48. rob what 's wrong with you , man ? I mean , you have get the sweet office , the johnnie Walker blue ... you be live the life now , man . jim I dunno . it seem like it should be ... better . bamn !!! int . the beachcomber bar - day the bar be empty except for we guy . Jim have a mean buzz go . rob man , I do not know any other job that let 's you get drunk in the middle of the day . a waiter step up . drop off a few beer . jim ( to the waiter ) hey , what 's the most expensive drink in this place ? waiter this be a dive bar , dude . jim come on , what 's the most expensive drink you have ever serve ? the waiter think for a moment . waiter well , some rapper from New York be once in here , throw he black rap money around . he order ... what be that ... oh yeah , he order a Long Island iced tea make with all top shelf liquor . jim perfect . we will take six . waiter I be gonna need a deposit on that . larry . ( tipsy ) no ! no. Jim , no. 49 , jim it 's okay , Larry . Jim pull out a credit card . as he 's hand it to the waiter , Larry snatch it . inspect it . larry Holy shit ... company credit . that shit 's gangsta . the waiter grab the card from Larry and head to the bar . Jim drop he head , frustrated with everything . jim bargh . rob bargh ? why bargh ? you be in the game now . you be check off the list , man . in a year or so you will be able to afford that car , and -- jim a year ? fuck a year . I get enough in my savings to buy that car now . outright . larry out-motherfucking-right ! rob you can not spend you savings on a car , Jim . jim why ? why can not I do it ? rob because it 's just not do . saving be -- they be for ... later . jim I personally have conclusive fuck proof that there be no later . sometimes , you just gotta say I do not give a fuck -- larry -- and steal a bitch 's money . jim ( nodd ) sometimes you have get to go large or stay at home . 50 . Rob have no idea what he 's talk about . but Larry do . he and Jim bump knuckle . larry player do what they want to , sucker do what they can . jim fuckin 's a right ! that ! that right there ... ( point into Larry 's mouth ) that 's what I be talk about . the waiter arrive with they drink in tall , precious glass . Jim grab he , downs it , wipe he mouth . jim let 's do this ! ext . BMW dealership - day a fleet of shiny beamer and we three guy . Rob be cradling four sloshing Long Island iced teas in he arm , stain everything in he vicinity . Larry hold a small briefcase while try to eat a scalding pizza , too drunk to understand that it need to cool . Jim have a even meaner buzz go . when the car salesman come over , Jim glare at he . salesman ( thick country accent ) hey , ya will . look to buy or just lookin’ ? the salesman look behind he , unable to comprehend why Jim be glaring so viciously . Rob hand jima drink . jim ( point at a car ) I want that silver m - 3 , right there . how much ? salesman oh , that 's a beaut 's . it 's fully load , ya will . I reckon . 51 . jim look , no pitch , this be gonna be the easiest sale you 'il ever make . how much ? salesman well , now , lemme just tell you 'o what this here lil ’o jewel got under the hood . the salesman be get progressively more country with each exchange . jim I have get cash . how much ? larry yeah , how much ? salesman well , as I be sure you 'o all know , the beamer m W be not for the common , man . but , now , I would not reckon you be -- jim how. much ? salesman well , that have all depend . you see , this one here , that you ’se be gaze upon , this one 's the Tiger edition . it 's get double aluminum crank shaft and -- jim I do not care . how much ? salesman I be sure you wanna know what you be gettin’ . and what you have be gettin’ . while the salesman talk , Jim grab the briefcase and crack it open . it 's full of cash . salesman ...- I mean , one might mosey on down to the hoosegow with a big ole posse 'a desperados and commence to demand all kind 'a thing , I reckon . but do not mess with Texas , that 's where I have be hailin’ outta , ya know -- silence . that he price . 52 . jim why will not you answer ? salesman Sir , I see you be serious -- jim no ! that 's not a answer . a proper answer be a number . a number that will allow I to hand you this cash and drive off with that car . salesman but , now do not get yer dander up , cowboy . I be gonna lay down the statistic -- jim motherfucker ! how much be the car ? you be in the business of sell car ! just give I a price . the salesman seem to finally have grasp need to shut the fuck up and give jima salesman hey now , I be here to work with you . we get different financing option that a fella such as yerself may want to choose from . jim different from a briefcase full of cash ? the salesman 's mouth move , but he can not form a sentence that be a direct answer . Rob roll he eye , grab a slice of pizza , peel off the cheese and slam it sauce - first into the salesman 's face . the molten sauce scald he and set he scream . salesman praaaaahhhhhhh-ya‘ll !!! Rob kneel beside the writhe salesman and begin peel off another piece of pizza . rob ( whisper ) how much ? 53 . int . brand new b.m.w. - later the guy be pack in , riding in style . Jim fiddle with the stereo as he drink and drive . jim ( to Rob ) what the hell get into you back there ? larry yeah , you go all Vietnam or some shit , like that salesman be a freakin’ harp seal or something ! Rob squint , try to process what he just do . rob the dude be waste we time . jim yeah but it cost I a extra two grand to keep he from press charge . rob like you say , sometimes you just gotta say , who the fuck care , right ? larry I do not . I do not care about shit ! rob button it , rainman . you have have to understand to care . Jim swerve , irk that he radio suck ... jim this stupid car do not have satellite ! ( look back ) how can this be the ultimate drive machine and not have satellite ? all of a sudden , Jim come up on tail light . he hit the brake . jim what the -- 54 . ext . mid - cape highway - '' suicide alley '' - night a two lane stretch of highway with flexible plastic pylon go down the center . Jim 's new beamer be be cock - block by a family of tourist drive half the speed limit . nothing but open road in front of they . int . jim 's BMW - continuous Jim ride the tourist 's bumper . jim oh , my God ! he hit the horn . rob I do not get it . the speed limit be 65 , why be this douchebag drive 40 mile a hour ? larry you know , the speed '' limit '' be not the speed '' requirement . '' it 's the limit . it 's the fastest you be allow to go . so really , this guy be just choose not to ride at maximum capacity . rob yeah , but there be also speed minimum . it 's as unsafe to drive slow on a highway as it be to drive fast . larry no. no , rob. no. slow be always safer . rob you be a retard , just like my boy ... but without the strength . jim do you just call you stepkid a retard ? Robert gulp the last drop of the last Long Island . rob fuck yeah I do . cuz he be . 55 . larry whoa . rob look , there 's no harm in call a spade a spade as long as you appreciate the spade . larry ( serious as a heart attack ) you be a goddamn racist , man . and it sicken I . Jim have have enough . he pull into the center of the road to pass - the pylon strike he beamer - thwack ! thwack ! thwack !! a oncoming car force he back into he lane . rob hey , be careful man . that pylon -- jim I know what I be do . no stupid plastic pylon gonna hurt the ultimate driving machine . larry yeah , but some of they ... jim I do whatever I want . all the time . larry yeah , but ... Jim lay on the horn , pull back into the center of the road . thwack !! thwack ! thwack ! shka -bang !!! the beamer strike a solid pylon , mangle the grill . the car horn wail , stick . steam waft into the atmosphere . as the car limp to the breakdown lane ... larry some of they be fill with concrete . a beat . 56 . until Rob burst out in a fit of uncontrollable laughter . rob hahahahahahahahahahahahah you fuck asshole hahahahahahaha ! whatever . Jim jam the car into gear . he stab at the radio switch station . jim goddamn analog radio . goddamn everything . goddamn every fuck molecule in the goddamn world . ext . old money beach house - night from off in the distance we hear it . we hear it come ... the horn . Jim 's new newly fuck up beamer pull in front of the house , horn blaring . the back door open . before Larry can set both foot on the sidewalk , Jim tear off . Larry shake he head . sigh . dig a clothespin from he pocket , clamp it on he nose , and walk to the front door . ext . rob 's house - night we see the silhouette of Rob 's massive son , stand on the roof , scream at the moon . not howling , scream ... junior moon! mooocoocooon !!! his scream meld with the sound of ... Jim 's car horn . the beamer pull up . Rob get out . Jim tear off and leave he friend to face he son . alone . rob mooooooon ! !! junior turn away from the moon and lock eye with Rob . he squint , ‘oh , yeah , it 's on . 's 57 . Rebecca come out with a roll of tape . Rob hold out he hand so she can tape he knuckle . int . jim 's house - night Jim enter . toss he key . head straight for the bedroom . int . jim 's bedroom - night sleep elude he as Jim stare at the ceiling , contemplate he fate . dissolve to : int . jim 's bedroom - morning the neighbor 's dog be bark . Jim 's eye snap open . he sit up with purpose . int . bathroom - morning it 's a disaster area . Jim enter and paint another yellow layer . he pee indiscriminately , all over the floor , the toilet , the wall ... whatever . he exit without flush . int . kitchen - morning Jim stroll in wear sweat and a wife beater . he grab a stick of butter from the fridge . take a box of strawberry nestle ’s® Quick from the cabinet . he jam the butter in the Quick and take a bite . and that shit be good . while he eat he strawberry butter , Jim collect various wash rag from he kitchen . int . live room - morning Jim be now wear a T-shirt over the wife beater , and he 's hold a pile of other shirt and pants . he put they on , layer after layer . then he start wrapping he hand with the rag . 58 . ext . the gay neighbor be house - moment later Jim bang on the door , wrap in cotton armor . the Gay neighbor answer . the gay neighbor Morning , Jim . what 's with the -- jim where be he ? in the back ? the gay neighbor who ? Jim push past he . int . the gay neighbor be house - continuous Jim freeze when he see ... a entire wall cover floor to ceiling with framed photo of the gay neighbor 's dog ... fucking . dozen of picture of hoag mount other dog . hundred of they really . poodle and schnauzer , Shih - tzus and beagles , all get pound from behind . tiny dachshund and chihuahua be barely visible beneath hoag 's massive chest . the shepherd and labrador look sad . the doberman look frighten . there be many emotion , because there be so many picture of so many dog get fuck . and the centerpiece of the collection be photo of the Gay neighbor give a big thumb up as hoagie piledrive a defeat great dane . the gay neighbor ( self -conscious ) please do not think I be weird . it 's a long story . Jim stare at he . Long silence . the gay neighbor I be out of my mind ... you know that , right ? Jim shake it off and march past he . 59 . ext . the gay neighbor 's backyard - continuous 160 pound of four-legged , cocksucke , bull mastiff yank against he spike chain , craze , froth . this be a very serious dog . Jim take a deep breath . jim ( without look back ) let he off . the Gay neighbor move from behind Jim , and approach he dog . he seem a bit frighten by he own beast . the gay neighbor Jim , I can not let he off . look at he . jim this have to happen . the gay neighbor do you understand you be on he property ? hoagie be a full breed bull mastiff , he 'il kill you , man . the dog snarl , raging against he restraint . jim so be it . let he off . the Gay neighbor reach for hoag 's collar . look at Jim one last time . the gay neighbor be you sure , Jim ? Jim nod . the Gay neighbor release hoag . hoag charge at Jim , leap ... Jim throw up he arm just in time to protect he throat , but the savage animal knock he to the ground . hoag set upon Jim with a ferocity that be primal . Jim can do little more than offer he limb to the whirlwind of fang . jim oh GOD ! the dog lock onto Jim 's calf . hoag shake violently , tear off strip of bloody flesh . well not flesh exactly , it 's just cloth soak with Jim 's blood . 60 . Jim flail for a large grill fork sit next to a barbecue grill . the gay neighbor ( subtitle ; speak in japanese ) hoag , he 's go for the fork ! the dog advance to the back of Jim 's neck and lock on . this could be the death of Jim . jim oh GOD ! but Jim have the fork . with all he might he shove the fork into hoag 's back . hoag yelp . Jim try to scramble to he foot but fall due to the severe wound on he calf . blood pour out of he pant cuff . he 'il die soon . the gay neighbor hoag , he 's lose tremendous blood . you must sweep the leg ... now ! despite a fork protrude from hoag 's back , the animal be in top form . again it get airborne ... on jim —- slow motion : hoag fly through the air with a clear line to Jim 's throat . but at the last second -- bamn ! , Jim clock he with a round house punch to the head . Jim scream , certain that he 's break he hand . but hoag be also hurt . and more importantly , he 's cautious . the two circle each other . both bloody . Jim look for a way out . the back gate be fifteen foot away . the Gay neighbor shake he head ... the gay neighbor you will never make it , Jim . what you have begin can not be undone . ( quote '' want '' ) we get we order from a loom . of fate ! hoag be regain he aggression , snarling and lung . Jim scramble to find anything that will help he not die . lighter fluid . a sustained squirt burn hoag 's eye . Jim look around for match , cuz this fight be that fuck up . he reach for the match but ... 61 . the Gay neighbor be there first . the dog look at he master . the gay neighbor no mercy ! no mercy ! hoag charge . the moment of truth be upon Jim and he answer the call ... Jim charge . jim hoagie ( the dog ) aahhhh ! !! aahhhh ! ! ! hoag get ahold of Jim 's thigh , but Jim have a firm grip on that fork . he shove it in a bit deeper . hoag pull back just long enough for Jim to ... thrust he fist down into hoag 's throat , make it impossible for he to bite down . Jim 's eye be water from the pain . zoom into jim 's mind : super : Monday , November 18 , 1985 9:46 pm EST ... the infamous Monday night football game between the New York Giants and the Washington redskin play on television . young jim , 15 , watch with he family . on tv : lawrence Taylor blitzes and drop onto Joe thiessman 's leg , snap it like a piece of celery . everyone watch turn away in horror . back to the fight : Jim seize the moment . he press down on hoagie 's little paw with he knee , and drop he shoulder into the dog 's leg joint ... '' crack '' hoagie ( the dog ) aaahhhhhhh ! ! ! David hoag drop to he side . his lower leg jut outward at a sicken angle . Jim stumble back while the dog writhes , forever crippled should it manage to live . Jim pick up a brick . raise it for the kill blow ... 62 . the gay neighbor enough ! Jim freeze . the gay neighbor enough , Jim . you have make you point . the Gay neighbor move between Jim and the dog . he reach to calm Jim who be still flush with adrenaline . he take Jim 's hand and raise it high . the gay neighbor winner and new champion : Jim simmer ! despite the absurdity and horror Jim 's just be through , he smile . look over at hoag , who have crawle under the porch , whimper in the shadow . a eruption of raucous applause . Jim look up to see ... the neighbor from every house gather around the fence , clap wildly . ext . garage - day Jill rock out on guitar with the rest of she power trio , deborah on bass , josie on drum . they suck in that special way that only girl band can . the band stop when they hear the whine of a car horn ... it 's get closer . jim pull up -- approach the garage still wear he soile battle clothes . he look like shit hit with a brick ... wipe on a curb ... and step on by a bum . jill Holy crap ! you look like brick -hit shit . what happen to you ? jim I fuck up a dog . a asshole dog . a asshole dog who have it come . she turn to she bandmate . jill let 's take five . 63 . int . jill cottage - day definitely the home of a art chick . pop art on the wall , painting on the floor that be too cool to hang . pez dispenser on the mantle , you get the idea . at the kitchen table , Jill unwrap Jim 's bloody knuckle . Jim have the hundred yard stare now . jill Jesus . from the look of this wound it look like you could have be kill . jim I beat he , Jill . do you understand what level I be on now ? jill um ...i , uh , no . no I do not . there 's even more blood on he arm . she grab a pair of scissors and cut away the layer of cotton . jim Jill , it 's like , you know how that kid from the ghetto be all fearless when you meet they ? jill you have meet kid from the ghetto ? jim that 's not the point . I be tell you , I be on a whole ' nother level . Jill pause . jill Jim ... seriously , you have be act kinda weird lately ... jim that do not matter , Jill . ( be : he expose wound ) use the kettle one . jill that 's gonna burn -- jim Jill , do you not hear I ? nothing matter , not even pain . 64 . Jill pour the kettle one vodka on Jim 's wound -- Jim spazze out . jim ah ! monkey fuck ball pincher ! he pour ice over he arm . sit . grab the bottle from she hand and take a swig ... and barf it right back up . onto she shoulder . Jill hop up . jill Jesus ! Jim take another swig . it pop right back out again . jim ( sotto ) how do people drink this stuff straight ? Jim notice Jill glaring . jim sit down , Jill . jill what ? jim sit down . listen to I , nothing you think matter , matter . I do not care that I throw up on you , Jill . but you can not fathom that because you be still ... ( motion waist - level ) here . I be ... ( motion something up high ) here . I face down a beast that would have rip you to bit . I have look death in the face and stab it . with a fork . Jill back away from he . jill you be start to freak I out here ... jim do not be scared , Jill . what you be see be not a emotional break down , it 's a moment of clarity . 65 . jim ( cont 'd ) I have be focus on the wrong thing . you have help I see that . he take she hand . jill I have ? jim of course , Jill . I think the job and the car be important , but they be not . none of that be ever go to make I happy , I see that now . she like where this be go , but bite back a smile . Dramatic pause . jim I need to fuck olivia . probably in she ass . the word hang heavy in the air . Jill look at Jim incredulously . jill how can you ... how can you say that to I ? jim what ? Jill try to contain the hurt she feel as she cap the vodka , trashes the rag . jim be my new find magnitude overwhelming you ? jill no , dude . it 's the fact that you be a asshole . Jill leave before the tear can overtake she . int . jim 's beamer - drive - day as Jim pull away from Jill 's house , he dial a number on he cell and punch the speakerphone button . after a moment ... olivia ( over speaker ) hello ? ( groggy ) ello ? 66 . jim olivia . thank God ... look , I just realize that I need to get this thing on the road so I be gonna pick you up tonight ... ( think ) but you know what ? fuck tonight , that 's too soon . it 's gonna take I about a week to prepare , then I ’1ll come get you ... Jim figure out the calendar date in he head . jim ( cont 'd ) the nineteenth . Saturday . one week from today . I be gonna pick you up at eight . dinner 's gonna be great . then , there 's gonna be soft music and rise petal -- fuck great . olivia ( over speaker ) who be this ? jim also , you be gonna bring a red bathing suit . that shit be hot . olivia ( over speaker ) Jim ? jim no panty , either . I mean , I doubt you have have they on , but if I see a panty line the deal 's off . alright , great . this be great . later . he hang up in she face . nod to himself , thoroughly satisfied . int . stop & shop supermarket - day Larry and Jim walk through the aisle at a presidential clip . larry I be flatter that you come to I and shit . but tapping the ass of a girl like olivia be a big deal and I do not know if there 's time to train you . 67 . Larry scratch he nut while he scan the shelf . the scratch be notable to Jim , and several passersby . jim I have gotta get this do , Larry and I really want to maximize the experience . I be ready to take it all the way . larry ready be you ? what know you of ready ? Larry have a superior air about he . like a guru who want he ego stroke . and he cock too . jim Fucking yoda ? dude , I be serious ! I be get a shot at the title and I need to knock this outta the park . larry he have much anger in he -- jim stop that ! Larry raise he eyebrow , warning . Jim let it go . larry be you gonna get mad at I ? jim no. larry good , cuz for eight hundred year have I train playah . my own counsel will I keep on who be to be train . Jim roll he eye . Larry grab the crotch of he short and violently rake it against he pube . larry a playah must have the deep commitment , the most serious mind . ( off Jim 's face ) this shit be relevant , Jim . jim so be you gonna help I or not ? Larry look off into the distance , dead serious . 68 . larry this one a long time have I watch ... all he life have he look away ... to the future , to the horizon , never he mind on where he be . what he be do . ( look Jim in the eye ) adventure , hmmph . excitement , hmmph . playah crave not this thing . you be reckless , Jim . a random dude chime in as he pass . random dude ( chuckle ) so be I if you remember . Jim roll he eye . Larry pull down a box of nix '' one treatment '' pubic delouse cream . larry honestly , I do not think you have the heart to be a true go-hard - in - the-paint playah . that 's it . Jim snatch the box from Larry , rip it open , squeeze out a generous dollop and ... thrust he hand deep into larry junk . he rub the crab medicine vigorously . Larry be both shocked and impressed . larry will you finish what you begin ? jim I will not fail you . I be not afraid . Larry smile maliciously . larry you will be . you will be ... music up : begin fuck montage : as Larry help Jim take he fuck game to the next level . int . jim 's bathroom - day Larry hand Jim a towel . 69 . larry ( v.o. ) one thing you gotta know be that you have gotta masturbate fifteen time a day . you have gotta tug and tug and tug and tug until you dick do not give a shit . Larry grab Jim 's hand and slap a gob of vaseline into it . int . jim 's bathroom - day Jim and Larry stand before the sink . larry remember that whole Sam kinnison bit about how the key to eat pussy be lick the alphabet ? jim no , but continue . larry it 's bullshit . it 's like put lead gas in you car , it can not be - jim what ? larry ( exasperate ) it can not be do . leaded gas be old and go , so be the american alphabet . but the japanese alphabet ... Larry pull out a stencil with japanese letter on it and tape it to the mirror . larry ( cont 'd ) the japanese alphabet be like teach you tongue kung fu . Jim lean in begin lick the mirror through the stencil . int . jim 's live room - night Jim sit in front of he computer , watch porn , in the middle of a beatoff session . Larry enter and slap a choke hold on Jim from behind . 70 . larry ( v.o. ) you have gotta learn to pull out of the pussy . as many time as it take . eventually , you find you quan . ouan ? jim ( v.0 . ) juan ? Jim struggle to keep pace despite the oxygen loss . int . some chick 's bedroom - continuous Larry 's spiel continue seamlessly as Jim watch he fucking a redheaded chick . larry ( cont 'd ) ( while fuck ) ... the quan be a euphoric state in which a man have pull outta that pussy so many time that he can go for hour . Larry pull out of the pussy . just stand there , arm outstretch , christlike . int . bathroom - day Larry shout command as Jim work the japanese stencil with he tongue . larry faster ! I say faster ! Jim speed up ... until suddenly , he suffer a severe tongue cramp . Larry grab Jim 's tongue and roll it in he hand until Jim push he away . int . jim 's kitchen - day Larry pull out a ripe cantaloupe . larry now , I understand you be interested in '' enter the Brown derby '' , correct ? Jim nod . Larry stab a small hole in the cantaloupe . present it to Jim . larry have at it . 71 . Jim approach the melon tentatively . steel himself . ease he manstick forward . he grimace in pain ... jim it 's too small . larry size matter not . judge I by my size do you ? Larry pull out he shit . Jim get scared . back away . Larry line up the cantaloupe ... angle on larry from behind Larry thrust with mondo-gusto ... WA - pow !!!! Orange fruit gut splatter everywhere , include Jim 's face . jim ( incredulous ) I do not ... I do not believe it . larry ( solemnly ) that be why you fail . int . bathroom - day fill with steam . Larry rub Jim 's shoulder as he step up to the mirror . Jim lean in and write he name in perfect japanese with he tongue . High fives ! int . jim 's live room - day Larry eat cereal while Jim crank one out to Bill o’reilly 's news hour , he dick not give a shit . triumphant music rise as ... int . jim 's kitchen - day Jim have four different size melon line up . each have a small hole in they . Larry blindfold he pupil . Jim move in just as ... 72 . the Gay neighbor enter through the kitchen door . his eye go wide in amazement as ... wa-papapapow ! four variety of melon drip off of the Gay neighbor 's face . he smile deliciously . end montage . int . the beachcomber bar - evening Jim and Larry sit with a row of drink . Jim tap he finger on the table , eye lock on the clock . jim I have get two hour before I be suppose to pick she up . be I ready ? Larry squinch he face dramatically . make Jim sweat a bit . larry no more training do you require -- jim enough of the yoda , Larry . larry okay okay . Truth be , most of that shit be overkill . jim yeah , I kinda figure . larry I mean , I train you to be a black belt ninja when all you need be a blue belt . ( mischievous ) or should I say , a blue belt . Larry 's last sentence only make sense after he dig out a blue pill from he pocket . it 's cover in lint , bury in penny and nickel , but there it be ... jim viagra® ? larry one pill to rule they all ( before Jim can react ) sorry . 73 . scream from the lady room . Rob exit hastily . sniff he finger as he rejoin the guy . larry why be you in the chick shitter ? rob you never get tired of see new ass , not shit . Rob try to get a high - five , Larry deny he . larry wait , what ? I think you be the king of monogamy rob I do not know , lately , the whole same - old - hole - for- the-rest - of - you life bit seem ... unfulfill . jim ( to Larry ) how much lead time do I need with this viagra® ? a hour ? two ? larry hold on , Jim . ( to Rob ) Rob , come on , do not go off the grid . you be the family guy . you be all about you wife and kid . that 's you , you know ? rob yeah , but watch you and Jim , I do not know . there 's something to it . I mean , like Jim always say , ' sometimes you just gotta say fuck it ’... and give up . ( then ) right , Jim ? Jim ignore he , snap he finger in Larry 's face . jim focus , Larry . how much lead time ? larry in a minute , Jim , this be important shit . ( to Rob ) wait , what be you talk about ? the kid ? you marriage ? ( try to joke ) 74 . larry ( cont 'd ) killing that defenseless baby seal and shit ? rob I be talk about all of it . I mean , my wife be so fuck sweet ... I can not lie , it irk I . it kinda seem fake . and junior , I be pretty sure I love he but ... I try to be gentle with he , every night when I be put he to bed , I try to be gentle , and then I find this ... he pull out a martial Arts magazine : '' ten Ways to kill with you hand . " larry yeah . yeah , that 's pretty fuck . rob see ? and that be not the half of it . you do not know , Larry . you just do not know . larry oh , come on . you be live the american dream , man . rob on the outside . just like you guy think that baby harp seal be so warm and cute . but you do not know . you do not fuck know ... we zoom into rob 's mind a computer animated world of snow . the canadian arctic . just like in that classic coke® commercial , we see a momma polar bear and she baby bear play with a ball . live action rob be a short distance away , watch from astride he snowmobile . rob awww ... baby bear paw at the ball , accidentally knock it into a hole in the ice . baby bear try to reach the float ball but have no luck . momma bear just smile ... '' '' be not he precious ? '' just then , a baby harp seal pop up in the water . lock eye with baby bear . they smile , not as lover but as friend . the tableaux be so cute it hurt . 75 . the fluffy white baby harp seal nudge the ball so that he new friend can retrieve it . the baby bear lean over the hole and ... without warning , the baby Harp seal latch onto the baby bear 's throat ! blood gush from the '' bahhing '' baby bear 's mangle throat as ... five more baby harp seal erupt from beneath the water and pounce on the baby bear . rob oh , fuck ! like piranha , the baby Harp seal ravage the baby bear , take he down , consume he even as he fight for he life . soon there be nothing leave but bone and red snow . momma bear 's eye be wide with shock . even more baby harp seal emerge from the water and swarm toward the momma bear . she finally come to she sense and take off run . they flop after she shockingly fast . within second , they be on she , devour she hind quarter before she even realize it . momma bear roar in agony as the reality of she pain reach she brain ... Rob wince as the bloodthirsty seal finish she off , leave nothing but a nasty swath of gut and bone . time to leave . Rob try to fire up he snowmobile but it will not turn over ! the baby harp seal hear he !!! they flop towards he , a seethe mass of crimson fur and tooth . Rob yank the starter cord furiously . they be close in ! he 's not gonna make it !! jim ( v.0 . ) what 's the fuck lead time , Larry ?! back in the bar Jim be hold Larry by the collar while Rob tremble silently . larry ( to Jim ) I do not know , a hour ... maybe two. 76 . jim fuck it . Jim slam back the pill with a shot of whiskey . just then Jill enter . see Jim and deliberately avoid he as she make she way to the far end of the bar . Jim stare at she but she refuse to meet he gaze . jim I be outta here . Jim storm he way to the exit . we stay with Rob and Larry . Rob continue to tremble , traumatize by he memory . Larry move in , wrap he arm around Rob in a comforting embrace . larry ( softly ) I do not know . ext . olivia 's condo - night a upscale condo in one of the cod 's many gated community . we hear the legendary sound of Jim 's stick car horn approach . Jim 's bust beamer pull up . Jim kill the engine - which have no effect on the horn - and climb out , dress in he finest . he walk the walk as he walk to the door and knock with unbridle confidence . second later , the door swing wide to reveal olivia , dress to the nine . jim you look fuck awesome . ( motion a circle ) spin . just a slight hesitation before she oblige . no panty line be visible . Jim nod , satisfied . jim let 's go . Jim offer he arm and lead she toward he bleat vehicle . olivia be that ... be this you car ? 77 . jim ( confident , ignore the horn ) yep . it 's the all - new 2009 BMW m3 . with a snarling v8 engine and unparalleled drive dynamics , this sweet baby redefine the ultimate drive experience . Jim open the passenger side door for she . olivia but what 's up with the -- jim get in . int . jim 's beamer - drive - night the horn be relentless and we will not stop write about it . while Jim drive , he move he mouth in some weird pattern but not make a sound . olivia watch he quizzically . olivia yell over the horn ) what 's that you be do , Jim ? Jim can not hear she over the drine of the horn . olivia ( louder ) jim ! what be that you be do with you mouth ? Jim turn to she , smile and nod he head . olivia ( at the top of she lung ) you mouth ! what be you do with you mouth ? jim oh. it 's japanese . it 's the japanese alphabet . it 's hard to tell if olivia be impressed or skeptical . olivia you speak japanese ? jim only with my tongue ... 78 . Jim flash a devious smile . olivia just seem confuse . int . restaurant by the BAY - night Jim and olivia be halfway through a bottle of wine , pick at they expensive meal in silence . Jim can not help but eye she hungrily . like a pig eye a apple . or a junkie eye a uncollapse vein . jim how 's you lobster ? olivia it 's unbelievable . firm , yet succulent . jim 's inner voice ( v.o. ) just like that tit . jim and what about this potato , huh ? olivia mmmmm . they be insane ! it 's like the truffle not only provide a satisfyingly pungent note but somehow , they make they seem almost impossibly creamy . jim 's inner voice ( v.o. ) just like the peppery twang of you quivering snitchie . jim and the wine ? olivia swirl the wine in she glass , sniff it and take a healthy sip . olivia it 's get a great intensity and balance . and a round , almost almondy flavor that really set my tongue atwitter . Jim close he eye ... jim '’s no longer inner voice ( outloud , loudly ) just like the chewy chocolate center of you perfectly form ass ! 79 . head turn in the restaurant but olivia do not bat a eyelash . and Jim do not seem the least bit embarrassed . he look she straight in the eye . jim permission to speak freely ? olivia grant . jim I want to fuck you , olivia . I want to fuck you more than anything I have want to do in the last two week . olivia of course you do . everybody do . jim but I be not everybody , olivia . unlike the other , I be a unique snowflake , create for just one purpose ... to fuck you stupid . olivia roll she eye - she 's hear this before . jim I am worthy , olivia . and I be more than capable . in fact , I have be training ? olivia ( intrigue ) train ? jim for what seem like my entire lifetime . everything before fuck you be prologue . every last thing I have ever do have be meaningless next to put myself inside you and move in and out in a rhythmic manner . Jim speak with a earnestness that be somehow charming . jim you be my rushmore , olivia . you be my everest . a impossibly long beat . olivia sure . what the fuck . 80. Jim beam with delight . but then a think hit he that bring he down . jim one question . ( beat ) do you bring it ? olivia smile . open she purse and withdraw a skimpy red bikini . Jim 's eye go wide . thummm-wackkkk ! Jim 's sudden onset boner slam against the underside of the table , send the silverware dance . olivia smile , impressed . jim ( to a pass busboy ) check please . right goddamn now . as Jim stand , he viagra® - enforce cock catch the underside of the table and lift it up . olivia wow . that 's gusto ! Jim ease back - whump ! - and the table drop . but the tablecloth be catch on Jim 's zipper . Jim smile . jim watch this . he put he hand on he hip and swivel sharply like a golfer . in one fluid motion , he yank the table cloth like a magician ... just far enough to send dish crash to the floor . every head in the restaurant turn . a waiter rush over . waiter what have you do ? Jim stuff a wad of cash into the waiter 's shirt pocket . point to olivia . jim my name be Jim simmer , and I be a winner . and then , he yank the rest of the tablecloth off . pull out another wad and toss it in the waiter 's face . 81. jim fuck yeah I do . olivia be so catch up in the moment that she smashes she wine glass against the wall and follow Jim out . int . sheraton HOTEL - night a nice enough room . Jim and olivia enter . she 's all over he . he stop she . jim hold on . I can not afford for this to suck . he grab a bouquet of rose and thrust they in olivia 's face . jim this be for you . before she can sniff they he snatch they away and start tear off the petal . olivia do not give a damn . she go into the bathroom . Jim toss the petal on the floor form a path to the bed . then , Jim boldly strip buck naked and stand on the bed with he hand on he hip . Jim 's jaw drop when olivia step out of the bathroom wear she red bikini . her body be sick ! she smirk , confidently . do a spin so he can see that ass in it 's natural habitat ... a thong . jim oh my God . olivia you be not see nothing yet . the top come off . his jaw drop further . you know that tit from playboy in the 1970 ? the one that defy gravity without the aid of silicone ? yeah , they be like that . yet it 's nothing . it 's fuck nothing . because when olivia slide she thong down ... .- Jim 's eye fill with wonder as ... 82 . ..+ warm amber light beam from between she leg , bathing the room in it 's supernatural glow . Jim stare like a child . it 's like when John travolta open that briefcase in pulp fiction . except , this be pussy . this be magical pussy . olivia that 's right . close on jim 's face , overjoy as she move towards he . he 's gonna get it . it 's actually gonna happen . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - moment later close on jim 's face , a mask of sheer and utter disappointment as it rock back and forth . olivia ride he , out of she mind with pleasure . olivia oh , fuck my God ! oh , Jesus of goddamn god ! Jim could not care less . if he care about anything , it 's that this moment be the most disappoint moment in he disappoint life . olivia Jim ! Jim ! you be the God of fuckery ! my God ! oh my fuck - God ! Jim hold he face , shake he head ... this be such a letdown . such a soul-crush letdown . ext . HOTEL room - moment later Jim stagger out , half - dress , look like a rape victim . olivia ( 0.s . ) . -- and do not forget to bring some water back too . I be dehydrated ! ( then ) and get yourself a energy drink ! you be gonna need it . Jim wander down the hall in a haze , try to process why he life have no meaning . 83 . ext . jim 's BMW - continuous Jim lean against the door , bum . and he still have that boner . it point he to ... the Black hobo ( from page 20 ) ranting to a flock of seagull . black hobo ( to the seagull ) ... you have spend too many year at sea , search for fish when there 's biscuit right here on the Titanic ! Jim walk up . black hobo ( in a chinese accent ) you wirr destloy yourse 've and the shaorin temper if you do not stop dis endress soich ! ( to Jim ; suddenly lucid ) welcome dolemite , how have it be ? jim terrible . black hobo Drop it , sucka ! Drop it like it 's hot . jim I just have the best pussy on Earth . and it suck . black hobo that 's a ox and a moron , of which you be both ? jim what ? ( think ) oxymoron ? black hobo shove it . jim but it 's true . it 's fuck true . black hobo do not be like this bird , jimberly . 84 . black hobo ( cont 'd ) do not be out at sea when there 's biscuit at home . on the Titanic . Jim 's mind race try to decipher the bum 's word . he can not crack the code . jim just tell I what you mean ? the bum just babbles . Jim throw a trash can at he seagull , send they fly . he turn and march for the beamer . int . jim 's BMW - night Jim speed through the night , lose and alone . ext . mid cape highway - stoplight - night both lane have car stop at the light . the horn of death bear down on they . Jim 's scream beamer swerve around the stop car and blow through the intersection . ext . rob 's house - later Jim slap the car into park , cause it to lurch . he get out . do not bother to close the door . jim ( call out ) rob. rob! rob !!! Jim pound on Rob 's door , desperate . Rebecca answer , smile sweetly ... then sock Jim in the head . jim hey -- what the hell ? rebecca ( flustered ) he 's go you , you , you ... hole ! jim where ? rebecca no , the point be he 's go because of you ! jim yeah , but where be he ? I need to talk to he . 85 . rebecca listen to I , you pig ! stop cunting on yourself and listen ! we have it all -- we family ass work until you have to shit in you hand and wipe it in we marriage 's face ! Jim 's face twist try to deconstruct she awkward use of profanity . jim Jesus , Rebecca . can you just tell I where he be ? rebecca Rob never damn care about all the bullshit you and Larry crave ! now he 's fuck - ass crazy in the street look for God only know what ! jim if you do not know where he be , just say it . she sock he again . the neighbor 's light come on . rebecca he never stay out all night ! not in forty - two year of marriage . jim what the hell be you talk about ? from inside Rob 's house we hear a mighty groan ... junior ( 0.s. ) daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaddy ! ! Rob look towards the door . hear chain rattling . rebecca you hear that ? he miss he father ! cock up a marriage be fuck enough , but raping a father away from he man-child be runny shit on a bag of fuck ! the word impact jim. deeply . they make he say ... jim so you do not know where he be ? rebecca maybe you should ask my son . 86 . she pull out a iron key . jim you would not ... Rebecca sprint inside the house . Jim sprint for he car . Fighting a dog be one thing , fight junior be ... suicide . int . / ext . jim 's BMW - continuous he fumble with the key . even over the horn he hear ... junior ( v.o. ) daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaddy ! ! Jim turn the ignition . slam it into reverse . pure terror flood he face when ... junior charge out of the house ! he 's huge . he 's naked . and he 's get MMA glove on , grasp a monkey wrench in each hand . Jim hit the gas ... jim fuck ! but he be in reverse ! slam into a car . now he 's do for because ... junior be coming ! the mighty beast lower he shoulder barrel down on Jim 's beamer . buh - wham ! he ram the driver 's side like a T - rex , dent the door . Glass shatter . junior ( bellow ) daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaddy ! ! jim slam it into drive -- he pull away . junior give chase terminator 2 style . jim Holy Jesus . junior hurl one of wrench -- 87 . Jim sees it rocketing towards he in the rearview -- lean , just as the wrench shatter the rear window and - thwunk - lodge into the stereo . more gas . junior slowly recede in the rearview ... int . the beachcomber bar - night only the dregs be here . Maureen sit wait , watch the front door . it open ... the sound of Jim 's car horn flood in behind he as he enter . he see Maureen , approach like he 's get something to say . jim where 's Larry ? I need to talk to he . maureen I be wait for he now . if you want to sit , be my guest . jim that 's probably a bad idea ... he sniff ... no odor ... so he take a seat . jim you know , I be gonna decline cause I think the stench would be too stomach churn , but I must say ... you be surprisingly fresh . she smile with pride . maureen yeah . it 's this charcoal - line panty I buy . as a surprise for Larry . now Jim and Maureen both stare at the door . every time it open , the car horn spill in , annoying the patron . they sit in silence for a long awkward moment . maureen he should have be here four hour ago . I do not know what 's take he so long . jim ah , he 's probably catch in traffic . 88. jim ( cont 'd ) that redhead life in Chatham and the mid-cape be jamme come from that direction . maureen what ? jim what ? maureen what redhead ? jim I do not know , one of he girl . I forget she name . a look of shock and anger contort Maureen 's face . she can Maureen Maureen the car jim ( off she expression ) be you kid ? not muster a response . jim I mean , you can not be surprised that he bang other woman , right ? shit , the guy steal from you . maureen I do not ... jim come on ! what about the clothespin ? maureen it be a game ! or at least I think it be ! be devastate . Close to tear . jim hey look , if it 's any consolation , he complain about you the least . stand up . rushes for the door just as ... horn scream to announce Larry 's entrance . larry ( to Maureen ) sorry I be late . I be just -- maureen you be fuck a redhead ! 89 . she storm out . Larry know not the follow . he turn , lock onto Jim . larry what the hell do you tell she ? jim thank God you be here , Larry . I fuck olivia and it be great , but it really suck and I -- larry dude , what do you say to Maureen ?! jim nothing . she wonder where you be , so I tell she -- larry you tell she I be bang the redhead ? what 's wrong with you ? Jim look at he as if he have just sproute a second head . jim what 's wrong with I ? I be baffle , man . this baffle I . I mean , how be I the bad guy ? larry ( incredulous ) you tell my girl that I be fuck someone else ! jim you girl ? what the fuck ? you be a fuck gigolo , man . with all the fuck up shit you do , how be it possible that she do not understand this ? larry it do not matter , Jim . you never - never ever ever - say that shit to someone 's girl . jim I do not even know she be you girl , Larry ! larry neither do I . but no matter how weird mine and Maureen 's shit be , you know that you should not have make she feel bad , right ? right ? 90 . Jim think . fuck . llarry 's quite probably right . larry you have change , jim. ( dead serious ) I think you be a blue belt . but you be not . you be just a selfish asshole . Larry execute a dramatic about - face and march defiantly out the door . and of course , the ever - present screech of Jim 's car horn be there to greet he . int . jim 's live room - 2:58 a.m Jim sit in the dark , lose and alone . he 's reach the end of he rope . his past life be destroy , there be no future , there be just purgatory . unless ... he pick up the remote . the television splashes the darkness with shifting light . Jim lean forward , surfing the channel with urgency . jim come on ... Channel after channel , Jim search for the man formerly know as Tom Cruise . time dissolve : sunlight fill the room . Jim sit bleary eye as he continue to search for salvation by television . he stop . he know what he must do . Jim piss himself . he piss himself hard and fast . int . bathroom - continuous Jim put on he pyjamas and he robe . int . kitchen - continuous Jim , soak with urine , pour he cereal and throw he berry at the bowl . Jim grab the strawberry Quick '' and dump it all over he ball . 91 . int . jim 's live room Jim stand in front of the mirror . jim you have win , Jim simmer . but he have not . not by a long shot . Jim head out , bring we back to where it all begin and ... ext . beach parking lot - sunny day clogge with doughy tourist bulg out of they bathing suit . a long line of car wait to park snake out onto the main road . in the distance , we hear the persistent sound of a stuck car horn get louder . Jim 's beamer barrel past the line of wait car . steam billow from its severely dent grill . with no regard for anyone , the beamer swerve in front of a old lady and skid to a stop across the last two handicap space . Jim calmly exit the vehicle and begin to peel off he robe and pyjamas one piece at a time as he march towards a trash can . he 's down to he underwear as he snatch a newspaper out of the parking attendant be hand and buck naked by the time he squat into the trash can to take a shit . it 's a scene , man . he 's fold in half , ass submerge in the trash can , knee dangle over the side . Jim flip to the sport page , seemingly unaware of the slack - jaw gawker crowded around . the stuck car horn in the background be accented by a short grunt of relief as Jim finish . he struggle to get out of the can , then push past the horrify crowd , bee-line for the ocean . nake as a jaybird , he stride purposefully into the cold water of the Atlantic . the wail car horn rise in crescendo as we ... CUT to : 92 . a empty void - post death complete silence . Jim stand in space . nothing above he , nothing around he . he clasp he hand over he eye - not this again . jim unbelievable ... that 's it . Jim give up . he sit cross-legged . after a moment , he just lie back . then ...he squint . Jim turn around , and sonuvabitch ... the magnificent tunnel of light that he miss before be right there . jim get the fuck outta here ... Jim stand and walk tentatively towards the light . close on a pot of boiling water for no good reason ... +.- no good reason whatsoever . actually , there 's a damn good reason , but we will get to that in a minute . right now there 's two word you need to know : hot dog . american hot dog splash into the boil water so they can cook , american style . all american voice ( 0.s. ) ( super intense ) no . no you do not do that . you release they at a forty - three degree angle so as to minimize splash . pull back to reveal : all american superstar , thomas douglas cruise . Star of risky Business , the Mission : impossible series , and most recently , the comedy super - smash ball out . int . helicopter - galley - day Tom Cruise be in he lavish helicopter teach he personal chef baskerville how to make hot dog to perfection . always perfection . 93 . baskerville Mr. Cruise , I understand . tom cruise I have measure the water precisely to allow the expose skin of this oscar meyer® granddaddy frank to harden to perfection . ( a beat to build up intensity ) always perfection . Tom Cruise stare into baskerville 's soul until baskerville avert he eye . tom cruise baskerville ! the chef turn to face he master . tom cruise ( cont 'd ) never look away . he be so fuck intense . pilot ( 0.s. ) Calling Tom Cruise . come to the cockpit . stat ! int . cockpit - continuous Tom Cruise thrust himself inside . he lock eye with he pilot and co- pilot . point he finger at they with ferocity , just to let they know who the fuck he be , then say ... tom cruise what be it ? what be happen at this precise moment ? his pilot squint . point out to the ocean below ... pilot look , Tom Cruise ... danger ! tom cruise 's intense p.o.v. Jim be float , face down in the ocean . nake . int . cockpit - continuous Tom Cruise see the naked float Jim and do not like it , not one goddamn bit . 94 , tom cruise danger , huh ? ( point in they face to let they know who the fuck he be ) I hate danger . danger be a fuck asshole ! Tom Cruise storm out , ready for action . int . belly of the chopper - continuous Tom Cruise grab a rope , tie it around he leg , ready to jump . baskerville Tom Cruise , that 's not the way you tie -- tom cruise I know that , baskerville . but I do not have time to do the research . Tom yank open the bay door . he jump . backward . ext . sky - continuous Tom Cruise fall , arm out , christlike . better still , Tom cruise-like . his eye be close for maximum intensity . but gradually , he perfect form be pervert by factor like gravity and the heavy rotor wash that cause the rope to entangle he body . ext . ocean - continuous about five foot above the surface , Tom Cruise 's rope yank taut , catch around he leave arm and ankle ... tom cruise aaahhhh !!! both primary joint , shoulder and hip , be violently dislocate . int . belly of the chopper - continuous baskerville look down , see he master scream in agony . 95 . tom cruise ( scream up ) baskerville ! oh , God ! baskerville , I be in tremendous pain ! baskerville I all bring you back up . let I -- tom cruise no! no ! danger can not win . not this time . this time I make danger my bitch ! ( with steely - eye intensity ) lower I . baskerville ( to himself ) goddamn you . goddamn you , you magnificent bastard . he lower the rope and Tom Cruise splashes face first into the mighty Atlantic . ext . ocean - continuous Tom Cruise be drown . he 's tangle in rope with half he body immobilize and he 's drown . Jim be nearby . Tom Cruise cringe in agony as he valiantly swim towards he . int . belly of the chopper - continuous baskerville and the co- pilot scan the ocean below , search for any sign of they heroic employer . then they see it ... Tom Cruise 's hand give the thumb - up from beneath the very ocean that be kill he . they hit the button on a electric winch . it 's winchy thing turn ... ext . ocean - continuous Tom Cruise use he one good arm to clasp around Jim 's throat in a choke hold . as the rope pull tight ... tom cruise aaaaahhhh !!!! GOD !! 96 . he dangle , hip and shoulder be rip further from they socket by the add weight of Jim , who , if he 's not already dead , be surely be strangle to death . int . belly of the chopper - moment later although severely damage , Tom Cruise fight to save Jim 's life , beat on he chest . tom cruise do not you die on I , man . you have never back away from a fight in you life , you bitch ! fight ... ( smack Jim ) fight ! ( smack baskerville ) fight ! Jim cough . baskerville he 's alive ! Tom Cruise stagger over to a seat , collapse into it , exhaust . baskerville be horrify when he notice ... baskerville master ! you ... you leg ... Tom Cruise 's leave arm and leg hang slack , flop at weird angle . Tom Cruise hop up on he one good leg and slam he hip back into socket with a sicken pop . he let loose a intense groan accompany by tear and snot . now for the shoulder . the same thing . another groan . more tear and snot . Tom fall to he knee , then look up at Jim with damp eye , burn with full intensity . Jim 's face be calm . he look at the man who save he . everything lead up to this moment now make sense . jim I have finally see the light . I finally understand what you be talk about . 97 . jim ( cont 'd ) I use to think that sometimes you gotta say what the fuck -- or whatever , that that be the right thing to do . but now I know , Tom Cruise . I know that it be the wrong movie . baskerville ( heartfelt ) I too live my life out of place . year ago , I be all day of Thunder until I nearly kill a man . and when I see cocktail , I become even more confuse . but then , when I realize that the outsider and Far and away be -- tom cruise enough ! this man have finally get out of he own way , and you be confusing he with you imprecise bullshit . begone ! he point to the cockpit . baskerville skulk off . Tom Cruise look at jim. intensely . tom cruise look , if there 's one thing I have learn have climb a thousand mountain , it 's that ... ( one last beam of intensity ) you have gotta learn to live with what you be , my friend . Jim contemplate this . it make hella-sense to he . jim fuck yeah I do . they shake hand . Tom Cruise yank he into a manly embrace and we freeze frame triumphantly ! random voice ( 0.s. ) yeah ! ext . beach parking lot - afternoon upon golden sun we set hither . Jim walk toward we wear baskerville 's pristine white chef 's uniform ( with match hat ) . he 's serene as he breeze right past the still blaring BMW . here he go ( again ) on he own . go down the only road he 's ever know . 98 . ext . jim 's apartment - dusk Jim enter the house . beat . he exit and head around back to he dusty sporty kia spectrum ( with racing stripe ) . Jim smile as he climb into it and fire it up . ext . rob 's garage - evening Rob be pack up he shit , forlorn . Jim approach . notice Rob 's array of seal hook line against the wall . each more horrendous in design than the next . Rob begin pack he hook into a stylish attache 's case , one at a time . jim what be you do , Rob ? rob what do it look like I be do ? I be pack my shit . Jim be calmer than Lake placid on a placid day . jim do you think what you be do be smart ? rob I do not know if it 's smart , but I know I 'il be go . and that 's a start . jim why be you do this ? Rob stop pack . set down a disturbingly bloodstain gaff . rob I be do it because of you . Jim remain silent . rob ( cont 'd ) I see the light , Jim . I mean , there 's a whole world out there that do not involve the shit I have to deal with here . he wait for Jim to respond , but Jim remain silent . 99 . rob sure , I all miss she . and the boy . but you know what ? there 's more to life than this domesticate bullshit , right ? right ? Jim slowly shake he head , ' no 's . Rob be crestfallen . rob but how can you say that , Jim ? after all you have be through and all of the glorious thing you have achieve for yourself in this last two week , how can you honestly say that ? jim because it 's the truth . do not make the mistake that I make , Rob . do not give up what you have get for what will never be . ( deep ) Jim grab Rob by the shoulder , as a father would , and stare into he soul with cruise- like intensity . jim a wise man once speak to I , Rob . and he tell I something really important , something I have like to share with you . rob I be listen . Jim take a deep cleanse breath and close he eye as he recall the word that change he life ... jim he say , '' do not be like this bird , jimberly . do not be out at sea when there 's biscuit at home . on the Titanic . '' ( fuck deep ) Jim open he eye . jim and you know what ? he be right . I hear he , but I be just too proud to listen . Holy fuck shit . the simple truth of the Black bum 's word and Jim 's understanding of they hit Rob like a ton of brick . 100 . rob ( rock to the core ) my God , you be right . you be so ... right , Jim . what be I do ? ( realize ) oh God , what have I do ? without warning , the door from inside open and the hulk mass that be junior fill the doorway . beneath the rage and retardation , lie the soul of a gentle mongoloid . and it be that gentle beast who stare into he stepfather 's eye . junior Moon ? Rob can not help but be overcome with emotion . junior ( plaintive ) Moon ? a single tear slide down Rob 's cheek as he face open into a loving smile . rob Moon , junior . moon. Rob rush to junior and they embrace . the word '' step '' evaporate from they relationship forever . just then Rebecca appear in the doorway , love and forgiveness fill she eye . rebecca awww , my boy . Rebecca join she family in a three - way hug . the veneer of domestic bliss have be restore . a peaceful wind blow through Jim 's hair . the wind of change . Jim walk off into the night like kang in '' kung fu . '' ext . larry 's hovel - night Jim ring the door bell . he get some unknown gunk on he finger . wipe it off just as Larry answer . larry Jim , get out of here . I will fuck kill you , so get out of here . beat . 101 . jim ( calm ) I be sorry , Larry . larry no. fuck you and you stupid chef costume . what be you a chef ? a fuck cook ? get off my porch , you maker of food ! jim I really be sorry . larry she will not answer the phone . I can not even tell she the very thing you just say to I . and it 's because of you . jim what ? larry you fuck up my shit , Jim . jim Larry , I be so focus on myself and my need that I do not give a hot fuck about yours . larry yeah . that be crazy , huh ? we be all pop melon , and shit . ( think to himself ) remember that time Rob hit that hillbilly with the pizza ? jim you mean last week ? larry yeah . that be good time , huh ? good time ... maureen ( 0.s. ) Times can be good again , Larry . Larry be shocked to see Maureen approach . but why be he surprised ? larry Maureen ? 102. he lick he finger and hold it up - no prevaile wind . he sniff the air repeatedly . larry how be you able to ...? he kneel and take in a good whiff at crotch level . larry nothing ! maureen I do some research , Larry . it 's go . Larry , still kneel , realize ... larry well , hell , while I be down here ... Maureen instantly turn giddy . she know what he 's about to ask . he take she hand in he ... larry Maureen duplexis nassoon ? will you be my bottom chick ? maureen no more redhead ? larry no more blond either . just I and you and a dog name boo . Maureen be so emotional that she can not speak . all she can do be nod she head ' yes 's . Larry take she in he arm and tongue she down with both passion and love . larry ( be : he massive erection ) look at that , baby . just look at it . no viagra® . that 's all you . Maureen smile . she turn to Jim and grab he up in a hug . maureen thank you , Jim ! thank you for reunite we ! Jim smile warmly . jim riunite™ on ice ... 103 . maureen and larry ( give the thumb up ) ..- that 's nice ! freeze frame on the thumb up , a snapshot of happiness and joy that could and should be frame and hang in the National Gallery . random voice ( 0.s. ) yeah ! int . valid insurance - first floor - day a endless sea of cubicle fill with people do thing and say thing we could not care less about . except for schooley and mccorkle , who be waste time in the corner . schooley nonchalantly carry a baby by its ankle . the baby do not seem to mind . mccorkle cute kid . schooley thanks . mccorkle where have you get it ? schooley I buy it . mccorkle you buy it ? schooley yeah . from some jamaican . mccorkle how the fuck do you buy a white baby from some jamaican ? schooley I give they a kilogram . beat . mccorkle you can get a kid for one kilo ? schooley yep . and I do . ( then ) wanna thumb its soft spot ? 104 . mccorkle of course I do . as schooley hold out the baby and mccorkle move in , we attention shift to the door . the theme from a officer and a gentleman swell as Jim , still wear baskerville 's gleam white chef 's uniform , enter the building and stride across the office with purpose . all head turn as he close in on Jill 's cubicle ... int . jill 's cubicle - continuous Jill stand , she back to the entrance , feed document into a paper shredder . Jim slide up from behind she and kiss she on the neck . Jill turn , react with pleasant surprise as she remove the earplug from she ear . Jim pull she close and kiss she with a heretofore unseen gusto . they separate , stare lovingly into each other 's eye . the music rise in crescendo and ... WA - papp !!! she wallop Jim square in the nose , send he tumble backward on he ass . blood cascade from he bust snout , saturate he white uniform . jill fuck you , Jim simmer . fuck you in you clammy white ass ! jim ( gurgle through blood ) Jill ... jill I do not know who you think I be , but I be not the kind of girl who you can shit all over and then expect to get weak in the knee just because you come waltzing in here in a sexy uniform .. Jim struggle to get he foot . jim Jill ... she kick he back down on he ass , then wipe she bloody shoe on he pants . 105 . jill I may not have a perfect ass or a magical hoo-hoo , but I have self - respect . I have respect , Jim . for my self ! jim Jill ... Jim once again try to stand , dizzy from blood loss . jill and just because you have finally have a spiritual reawaken , do not think that ... Jim clasp a hand over Jill 's mouth . jim just shut up and listen . no more game . you be the one that I want , Jill . you be the eight raspberry in my cereal . the heavy whipping cream in my munter 's Brown roast . the strawberry quick™ on my butter stick . Jim gaze longingly into she violet eye jim I have know this , in my heart , since the first day we meet , but I be too stupid to understand it . until now . he remove he hand from she mouth and take she face in he hand . Jill be jim I love you , Jill . and I mean it . and I believe we be mean to try and see if we can be together and then be okay with it if it do not work out . apoplectic . jill wow . I think I just throw up in my vagina . just a chunky little bit . jim I just hope it be from the heart . she grab Jim 's bloody face and mash it against she own in a disgustingly pure yet potentially infectious kiss . Jim scoops she off of she foot and ... 106 . joe cocker & jennifer warne ( 0.s. ) ( sing ) where the eagle cry , on a mountain high ... int . valid insurance - first floor - continuous ..- carry she out of she cubicle and across the floor of the main office . intercut with reaction shot of all the people we have not see for , like , half the movie or more : co- worker 2 : the spawning drop he bagel , shocked . mr. whiteman smile , nod in approval . blah -blah pump he fist ' right on '! blake henderson dress in overall , peer in the window from behind a push mower . he can not help but smile . and finally ... olivia look down from the second tier . after a moment , she can not help but collapse into a beam smile . olivia ( call out ) Way to go , Paula ! she begin to clap ... olivia ( cont 'd ) Way to go ! the office erupt in applause . we follow Jim as he carry Jill toward the exit . just as they be frame in the warm glow of the sun spilling through the door , Jill reach up and grab the chef 's hat from Jim 's head and gingerly place it on she own head . 107 . Jill smile through the blood on she face . Jim match she smile and ... freeze frame . random voice ( 0.s. ) yeah ! fucking yeah ! and with that , we ... fade the fuck out : to whom it May concern : the robotard 8000 '' be not currently interested in write anything for free . however , it be willing to write any of the follow project for money : bear lazy — a heartwarming tale about the laziest man on Earth be force to get a job . wedding crasher 2 - that two crazy guy be at it again , and this time we 're write it . the whale — a nobody be mistaken for a high roller in Las Vegas . hilarity ensue . volquako ! - when one natural disaster be not enough ... two may be too many . homo ski Movie - wo explanation necessary . it write itself . it thanks you for you consideration ( 's ) of its various and sundry project as per its conversation with itself . * contact with the robotard 8000 may be initait via e-mail at mongo@therobotard8000.com