bamboozle by spike Lee black screen we hear the voice of malcolm x. malcolm X ( v.o. ) you have be hoodwink . you have be have . you have be take . you have be lead astray , run amok . you have be bamboozle . his follower roar . CUT to title : " bamboozled " CUT to crawl : white letter on black we hear the voice of pierre delacroix . delacroix ( v.o. ) satire . 1a . a literary work in which human vice or folly be ridicule or attack scornfully . B. the branch of literature that compose such work . 2 . irony , derision or caustic wit use to attack or expose folly , vice or stupidity . int . apartment - morning we be in the live quarter of pierre delacroix . the window overlook the Brooklyn promenade and the majestic lower Manhattan skyline . delacroix ( v.o. ) bonjour , my name be Pierre delacroix . I be a television writer , also a showrunner , a creative person . we see a tall figure move in and around the space . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be one of that people responsible for what you view on you idiot box . close on monogrammed cuff sleeve - the initial p.d. 2. delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) the problem be not enough of you have be watch . close on monogrammed shirt pocket - the initial p.d. delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) with the onslaught of the internet , video and interactive game , nine hundred channel to choose from and whatnot , we value audience have dramatically erode . close on razor cut a path through a white foam on a black face . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) to put it in much more simple term ... delacroix yell . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) like rat flee a sink ship . close on the handsome face of Pierre delacroix . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) people tuning out by the million . delacroix turn to the camera and address US . delacroix ( cont 'd ) which be not good . ext . tenement - lower east side - morning the tenement building be board up , condemn , bomb out , but a home , a shelter nonetheless . int . tenement - morning people to we surprise live in here . it be a commune . the homeless , people who have be leave out , forget about , write off , and do not matter . the fringe of society . cheeba , a skinny Puerto rican male , try to wake a slumbering body under a mass of old newspaper . 3. cheeba yo , let 's get to it . you do not dance , we do not eat . simple as that . the mass begin to move . cheeba ( cont 'd ) that 's right . we slow . we blow . we snooze . we lose . int . cns tower - morning manray , a young African - american dread -lock male , and cheeba be get set up in front of the entrance to the continental network system building . cns be one of the fledgle , upstart new network , try to battle with ABC , NBC , CBS , fox , WB , and upn . angle on entrance . cheeba be put the portable floor down on the sidewalk . manray sit on the curb , take the sneaker off and put on he tap shoe ; bottle cap be on the sole of the shoe instead of real tap . cheeba good morning , lady and gentleman . I know everybody be in a hurry to work , ready to begin another day in this rat race . but do not sleep we . I be cheeba and I introduce to you the world renown manray , the man with the educate foot . manray take a small bow . a few , not many , people have stop to look . cheeba ( cont 'd ) as we continue we world wind tour , we would like to give you a little something ' , something ' before you go off to make that money . I give you manray . close on manray , who start to do he thing , and when he start do he thing attention must be pay . angle on crowd , as manray get busy , people gather to watch . angle on 4. delacroix , he be about to walk into the cns building but stop to check out manray . close on manray , he pound out some intricate step and freeze at the end of the move . angle on crowd , who applaud as cheeba unfold a brown shopping bag and hold it out in front of they . cheeba ( cont 'd ) thank you very much but please do not go without give we some cheddar , cheese , money . we prefer two 's than fews . people be digging into they pocket . cheeba ( cont 'd ) I would like to add that both of we be homeless . not that it mean anything . a woman be about to dump some change in the brown paper bag . cheeba ( cont 'd ) I say homeless . lady and gentleman . senorita , do you know what that mean ? cheeba look at she and she quickly pull out a 5 - spot from she purse and drop it into the bag . cheeba ( cont 'd ) muchos gracias . cheeba work he way over to delacroix . delacroix good morning , cheeba . cheeba good morning to you , Mr. delapot . delacroix de-la-croix . cheeba y'know what I mean . get a gig yet for manray and I yet ? 5 . delacroix not yet . delacroix hand cheeba a ten dollar bill . cheeba gracias . delacroix move towards the revolve door of cns . delacroix manray , sloan say you be too talented to be dance on the street . manray well do something about it . int . elevator - morning delacroix be the lone person of color in the elevator . int . cns - morning delacroix get off the elevator , take out he id , slip it through the scanner and enter the reception area of cns . delacroix good morning , Marie . marie it 's not gonna be a good morning for you if you do not get into dunwitty 's staff meeting . delacroix what staff meeting ? marie the staff meeting that start 30 minute ago . int . conference room - morning delacroix walk , or better yet , slither into the staff meeting that be already in progress . twenty writer sit around a oval table , all be caucasian except delacroix , again he 's the lone person of color , the " fly in the buttermilk . " dunwitty , senior v.p. of the entertainment division of cns look at delacroix and wait for he to sit down before he continue . 6. dunwitty monsieur delacroix , this very important meeting commence ... dunwitty look at he rolex chronograph - daytona model . dunwitty ( cont 'd ) ... exactly thirty - two minute ago . dunwitty I be sorry I be late . dunwitty do you know how much information can be dispense in one minute alone ? delacroix I do not find out about this very important staff meeting until ... delacroix look at he jaeger -lecoultre . delacroix ( cont 'd ) four minute ago . dunwitty so be you tell I everyone know about this get-together except you ? delacroix I be not tell about this until Marie inform I as soon as I get off the elevator . all eye be on delacroix and he feel it . dunwitty people , you can attempt to pull a rodman like we friend delacroix , but I guarantee you will be send pack just like he . dunwitty via remote turn off the light and turn on a overhead projector . dunwitty ( cont 'd ) this be the standing . read them and weep . as you can plainly see the Continental Network system be languish . close on rating chart . 7. dunwitty ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) look at them people . we be booty , CA CA . we be doo -doo . doo-doo on a stick , if you will . close on dunwitty . dunwitty ( cont 'd ) I do not like to be the laugh stock of the broadcast industry . I have pride and people , you better start get some too . this number have to go up . dunwitty turn on the light . joan , one of the writer , raise she hand . dunwitty ( cont 'd ) question ? joan so what do you want we to do ? dunwitty what I want everyone to do be write some material that be funny . the junk you have be write be about as funny as a dead baby . it 's not funny , it 's not new . it 's not sexy . it , it , it ... close on Fish . fish suck . angle on Conference room . dunwitty suck . thank you , Fish . this meeting be over but I want everyone to seriously think about what I say and how you can deliver . people scurry out . dunwitty ( cont 'd ) monsieur delacroix , in my office now . 8. int . hallway - morning the writer , beat down , come out of the conference room and move past sloan hopkin , a highly attractive African - american " sistuh . " delacroix see sloan and hold she arm as they walk . he talk under he breath . sloan how be it ? delacroix why do not you tell I about this staff meeting ? sloan nobody tell I anything . delacroix what good be you if you do not tell I stuff like this ? sloan it be not my fault . if I would have know , I would have know . int . dunwitty' office - morning delacroix enter he corner office , which have huge action photo of ali , jordan , griffey , tyson , aaron and jabbar on he wall , it be also decorate with African art throughout . angle on Office . dunwitty look at the floor- to-ceil window overlook mid-town Manhattan . dunwitty do you know what c.p. time be ? delacroix c.p. time be color people 's time . the stereotypical belief that negroes be always late . that negroes have no sense of time - time except when it come to music or dance . they both laugh . dunwitty let 's sit down over there . 9. dunwitty and delacroix sit on the sofa . dunwitty ( cont 'd ) I be sorry about my blowup but I have to have a whipping boy every meeting . delacroix I understand . but again , in all honesty I be not inform . dunwitty forget it . I believe you be my most creative person I have get on staff . you be hip . you know what 's happen . I get some corny white boy and girl write for I . delacroix do not join he in he laughter because he do not know how to take that comment or where dunwitty be head with it . dunwitty ( cont 'd ) I understand Black culture . I grow up around black people all my life . if the truth be tell I probably know " nigger " better than you , monsieur delacroix . please do not get offended by my use of the quote- unquote N word . I get a black wife and three bi-racial child , so I feel I have a right to use that word . I do not give a damn what spike say , tarantino be right . nigger be just a word . if dirty ole bastard can use it every other word so can I . delacroix I would prefer you not use that word in my presence . dunwitty nigger . nigger . nigger . nigger . delacroix pounce on top of dunwitty like a cat on a mouse and give he a quick brooklyn beat down . delacroix say it again . c'mon , say it again . close on dunwitty . he 's a bloody pulp . 10 . close on delacroix . he straighten he tie . delacroix ( cont 'd ) who 's a nigger now ? pow . this be a fantasy in delacroix 's mind . we go back to reality . everything 's how we leave it . dunwitty the material you have be create be too white bread . White people with black face . the huxtable 's , cosby , revolutionary . but that 's dead . we can not go down that road again . delacroix I do not agree . the negro middle class do exist , and it 's rich material for a dramatic series or sitcom . dunwitty I be tell you it 's not . he go to he desk , pick up delacroix 's script and start throw they one by one against the window . dunwitty ( cont 'd ) the middle class black family move into a white suburban enclave . the middle class black family move into a small Southern town that be run by the kkk . the middle class single black father raise he teenage daughter . the middle class single black father raise he teenage daughter . the middle class single black mother raise she teenage son . and so on and so forth . it 's too clean , too antiseptic ... delacroix ...to white ? I still feel all of my script would make good show . 11 . dunwitty delacroix , wake up , brother man . the reason why they do not get pick up be because nobody - and I mean nobody - nigger and cracker alike want to see that junk . delacroix I have never be give a fair shot . dunwitty you get you head stick up you ass with you Harvard education and you pretentious way . brother man , I be blacker than you . I be keepin ' it real and you be frontin' , try to be white . delacroix I be a oreo , a sell out ? because I do not aspire to do homeboy from out of space , secret diary of desmond pfeiffer , a pj 's or some as you might put it , some " nigger " show ? I be a Tom ? I be whiter than white and you be blacker than black ? be that what you think ? dunwitty that 's exactly what I think . I want you to create something that people want to see . let 's be honest , the majority of the people in the country be deaf , dumb and blind and I be include 35 million African - Americans . you know and I know " nigger " set the trend , set the style . this be a golden opportunity now . this idiot have to be lead to the water . delacroix I be not sure if I can deliver what you want . dunwitty you will or you will be back at bet so quick you will never know what hit you . I need a mid-season replacement and pronto . it will be on the fast track . 12 . delacroix what be it you want from I ? some plantation folly ? some sitcom that take place on a watermelon patch ? some show that follow four nigger generation of junky and crackhead ? you want I to go back to the ante bellum day ? dunwitty yes ! yes ! yes ! I want a show that will make headline , that will have million and million of household tune in , glue to they television every week . I want advertiser die to buy on this show . I be gonna squeeze this show out of you if it kill you . ext . tenement - night we see a street lamp , and come out of it be some wire . we follow the wire into a tenement building . the resident have tapped into a street light courtesy of con edison for power . int . apartment - night cheeba stand in front of the makeshift kitchen , which include a hot plate , and prepare a gourmet meal of a tasty Spanish dish . the clean apartment be furnish with stuff people have throw out that they pick up on the street . manray I be starvin ' like marvin . cheeba my world famous , famous world arroz con pollo will be ready very soon . manray hurry up , I wanna watch HBO . cheeba do we get we bill yet ? they both laugh . manray I guess that will come with the rent , gas , and con Ed bill , too . 13 . cheeba ahh , the luxury of life . manray yo , check it . this be good and all that but one day soon I want to have much benjamin so I can have a nice crib and pay all my bill . you hear I . cheeba chill , I be the brain behind this outfit . manray and I be the foot . cheeba yo , you gotta show some patience . you want I to snap my finger and presto chango - you be a overnight sensation . Son , there be no such thing . manray I be tired of wait . int . delacroix be apartment - night he sit in front of a large flat - screen television , watch the yankee game and eat he takeout chinese food . on top of the monitor , he have attach a sign that read " feed the idiot BOX . " int . sloan' studio apartment - night she sit in front of she television , hand on remote , flipping channel and eat takeout chinese food . int . cheeba and manray' apartment - night they both be devour the chicken with rice , as they watch bootleg HBO . int . delacroix be apartment - night delacroix sit at he desk , a ream of white bond paper in front of he , a box of number - two pencil and a electric pencil sharpener . delacroix ( v.o. ) I be never good at perform under the gun . 14 . close pencil after pencil get insert and sharpen to a knife like point . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) well , this be not a gun , it be a bazooka and it be press dead blank right against my dome . close on delacroix , stare at the blank ream of paper . it be very intimidating . close on monitor . bernie Williams be at the plate for the New York yankee . close on sign atop monitor . again , it read " feed the idiot BOX . " int . sloan' studio apartment she too be blank . a screen saver bob and weave on she laptop . int . delacroixx apartment delacroix grab a pencil and put it to paper . close on Paper . he doodle . int . tenement build - night manray screw out the bare light bulb which be the sole source of illumination and lay down onto he mattress on the floor . int . sloan' studio apartment sloan close she laptop and jump into she bed . int . delacroixx apartment delacroix be already in the bed , the light be out . close on delacroix , who 's wide awake . 15 . int . tenement build - night manray and cheeba be both sound asleep . close on cheeba , he have a sheet pull over he head . close on manray , who 's saw log , snore loudly . off -screen , we hear a ruckus , a big commotion . voice yell . Police siren , car and truck . angle on apartment . cheeba and manray run to the window and look out . there Pov the street be fill with police car , van and wagon . helicopter hover overhead with they searchlight on the building . cheeba oh snap ! it 's a raid ! cheeba and manray jump into they cloth . ext . tenement build - night cop in riot gear storm into the tenement . a police chief bark over a speaker system . police chief please evacuate this building . all of you be illegal resident of this condemn building . please leave immediately , by order of the Mayor of New York City , rudolph giuliani . int . tenement build - night stairwell . it 's bedlam . the hundred of squatter who have be live here all make a bad dash try to flee the nypd as they " bumrush the show . " angle on floor . cheeba and manray try to push against the crowd . 16 . cheeba not this way . out through the fire escape . the cop be run up the staircase . people try to escape with as many of they belonging that they can hold . manray my tap shoe . int . delacroixx apartment delacroix eureka !! he jump out of bed . int . sloan' studio apartment sloan oh my God !!! she too jump out of bed . ext . tenement build it be a madhouse , bedlam . it 's pandemonium . the squatter be be seize as soon as they come out of the tenement . searchlight go back and forth , as the cop make they arrest and fill the " paddy " wagon . angle on Street . the squatter be like roaches in a dark kitchen at night , scramble as the light turn on . do you remember that old " raid " commercial . " let 's scram , it's raid !!! " int . delacroix be apartment - night the phone ring . CUT to split screen cu of delacroix and sloan delacroix pick it up . they yell in unison . delacroix manray ! sloan manray ! 17 . delacroix how do you know ? sloan it hit I like a ton of brick . delacroix how can this be ? you and I at the same time , the exact same think . it 's scary . sloan the idea be out there in the universe . now what ? int . tenement build - night cheeba and manray run down the fire escape and just elude a group of cop . angle on fence . they lay still as the fuzz run past they . manray we run out without my shoe and the floor . I gotta get my stuff . what about we savings ? cheeba be you crazy ? the joint be crawl with cop now . you wanna go to riker ? go to the hoosegow ? manray look at he friend , he know he be right , at least this time . ext . cns build - early morning delacroix and sloan sip hot coffee as they stand in front of they office building . delacroix manray be under we nose the whole time . sloan do you know how you will use he ? delacroix not yet , but this thing will never get make . 18 . sloan you lose I . delacroix dunwitty want a coon show . and that 's what I be go to give he , it 's go to be so racist , so negative , he will not have the ball to put it on the air . hence I will prove my point . sloan what point be that ? delacroix the point be that he , the network do not want Black people on television unless they be buffoon . sloan sound risky to I . delacroix you get cold foot ? sloan I be in till the end . delacroix good . I be go to need you support . sloan can not you just quit ? walk away ? delacroix and lose out on my money ? the only way I get pay be if I get fire . and that 's what I intend to do . ext . cns build - new day it be pour rain and delacroix and sloan huddle under a umbrella . delacroix ( v.o. ) everything be go accord to plan . I be work on the outline . dunwitty be off my back for now . close on delacroix . 19 . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but there be a catch . a big catch . close on sloan . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) manray and cheeba be nowhere to be find . ext . grand central station - day manray and cheeba be soaking wet . they stand together in a doorway , try to stay out of the element . angle on Street . they run in the downpour . delacroix ( v.o. ) it be like they have disappear off the face of the earth . close on cheeba . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have no contact number , no address , no beeper . close on manray . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) no nuthin ' , no clue ... ext . cns build - next morning it be a sunny and pleasant morning . again , sloan and delacroix hold vigil . sloan maybe something happen to they . maybe they be lie in a alley bleed to death . delacroix manray better not be bleed to death . I need he . after we be do he can do whatever he want to do , until then , he 's ours . 20 . sloan you be beginning to sound like dunwitty . ext . tenement build - morning manray and cheeba stand across the street from they former residence . all of the door and window have be board up and two cop stand watch . they both look defeat , dirty and hungry . int . cns lobby - next day sloan get off the elevator and see a skirmish . two security guard be try to escort manray and cheeba out of the building . cheeba his name be delapoint . security guard # 1 we have no one by that name . cheeba delapot . dela-something . security guard # 2 De La soul be not here either . let 's go . out . off the premise . manray turn around and see sloan . manray sloan ! she know we . the security guard stop . sloan it 's alright . they be associate of Mr. delacroix . security guard # 1 sorry , Ms. hopkins . they both walk in off the street without a appointment . security guard # 2 do you need a escort ? sloan that will not be need . 21 . int . delacroix be office - day he sit in front of he tv and watch a tape of the old " amo and ' Andy " show . sloan lead manray and cheeba in . delacroix Eureka ! where have you be ? he hug they both . delacroix ( cont 'd ) sloan and I have be look all over for you . cheeba you would take no offense if we call you dela for short ? delacroix no offense . cheeba manray need a job . delacroix smile at sloan . manray we get evict from we home . we have both be on the street for the last week . cheeba we be come to see you . manray if it 's not too much trouble could you order we some food ? cheeba we be starve . delacroix I apologize . what would you like to eat ? anything you want . time CUT int . delacroix be office - day a feast of McDonald 's be take place . cheeba and manray be stuff Big mac , Fish delux and large french fries into they mouth . they be famish . 22 . delacroix I have this concept for a tv pilot . there 's no guarantee it will get make but regardless , you will still make some money . cheeba how much ? delacroix first thing first . I have to know if manray be up for this . manray what do I have to do ? delacroix some tap dance , some sing . manray where do I sign ? cheeba what kind of show be this gonna be ? delacroix different . manray how different ? delacroix trust I . of course I still have to pitch it to my boss , but we will have a answer one way or the other . manray dela , I be aboard . as long as I get to hoof and get pay too !!! delacroix that 's right . money turn the wheel . cheeba what about in the mean time ? not the in between time ? delacroix you will both get a advance and you can stay with I . manray Bet . 23 . delacroix I would like to change you name . manray to what ? delacroix you be now mantan . manray mantan ? I do not even care as long as I be dance . which remind I , I need some new kick . ext . broadway - day manray hold two capezio shopping bag of shoe as he walk next to sloan . manray I never have a really real pair before . sloan you have never have any formal training , either ? manray not a class , not a thing , just pick stuff up by myself . sloan I wish I have you natural talent . God only make that visit once in a while . manray you sing and dance ? sloan a little . I just graduate from nyu film school . cinema study . manray so what 's up with you and dela ? sloan what do you mean ? manray be you and he kick it ? knock boot . y'knowwhati 'mtalkin'bout . 24 . sloan no , we be not knock boot . I get this internship while I still be at nyu , dela be impressed with my get up and go and hire I to be he assistant . manray I be sure that be the only thing he be impressed with . you look beautiful like that . sloan if that be suppose to be a compliment , I thank you . manray you be welcome . you should not give up on perform . sloan why do you say that ? you have never see I . manray I think that would probably make you the happiest . when I be hoof , I mean really do my thing , hit it , nothing compare to that feel in the world . sloan I envy you . that 's the way I want to feel about my work . ext . harlem STREET - night sloan walk from the subway to she block . angle on Street . a huge black chevy suburban follow she , all the window be tinted jet black , you can not see it all into it . she notice the vehicle and start to walk faster . angle on corner . as sloan try to cross at the corner , the suburban pull up in front of she , block she path . angle on suburban . a tall black man jump out of the chevy . this be big black . 25 . big black li'l sister . angle on corner . sloan you idiot . you almost give I a massive coronary . big black I do not mean to scare you like that . sloan well you do . big black give I some ? sloan I be not huggin ' you in the middle of the street . you must be crazy , julius . big black whoa , hold up li'l sis ' . I do tell you ' bout that . julius be not my name , you better recognize hopkins be we slave name . my true name be ... sloan I be not callin you Big Black Africa . mommy and daddy name you julius . big black big black be the first name and africa be the last . he hug she , she become lose in he huge arm and laugh . int . sloan' studio apartment - night Big Black be rummage through he sister 's refrigerator . big black damn , sis , you do not keep no food up in here in dis ' piece . sloan I order out mostly . so what do I owe this visit to ? 26 . big black my group we need some exposure . be wonder if you could hook a brother up ? sloan hook you up ? the mau - mau 's ? you must be smoking . why in the world would I want to hook up a bunch of red , black and green flag - wave pseudo revolutionairy ? big black so now I see where you be come from . just because we be not rapping about gucci , timberland , rolex , benz , cristal , ho 's and bitch , we be pseudo . sloan who be you revolting against ? big black we be revolting against the power that be , that be enslave the mind and heart of all people of color . and we will not stop rapping till we bring about the overthrow of the government of the U.S. of a . sloan please . big black if you be really down you would get we together with that boss of yours . what 's he name again ? sloan delacroix . big black yeah , he . sloan what make you think he would write a show about the mau-mau 's . big black c'mon , why not ? the monkee have a show . look at all that other junk that 's on tv . we get underground cult follow . 27 . sloan you do not have the demographics . big black so be you tell I that you would not even introduce I to delacroix or set up a meeting ? I be talk ' bout I , you only brother , ya own flesh and blood , hook a brother up , youknowwhatI 'msayin ' . sloan that 'swhatI 'msayin ' . I be not blowin ' my young career , brother or no brother , for you or anybody else . big black there be a name , a term for you kind , the like of you . back in slavery day , you would be classified as a house nigga . sloan if you think I be a house nigga then that 's you prerogative . you get you way to affect change , I have mine . and I would appreciate it very much if you take ya field nigga ass out of my house . big black my own sister throwin ' I out . I hope to seeya later when you get ya mind right . do not bother let I out . sloan that 's mighty black of you . Big Black slam the door . int . dunwitty' office - morning one by one , the team enter the office and sit down on the sofa . dunwitty delacroix , I be glad you get you mind right . delacroix it 's right and tight . good morning , let I introduce you to everybody . you know my assistant , sloan . 28 . sloan hello . delacroix this be cheeba . cheeba Nice to meet you . delacroix and this be manray . manray how do you do ? dunwitty good . I like the name . very theatrical . delacroix we be all happy to be here and I be go to paint a picture for you . dunwitty I be wid it . delacroix I have do a lot of soul search and once again you be right . in my previous work it 's be all surface , superficial . I have never really dig deep . not anymore . as Mark twain fully understand satire be the way . Race have always be a hot button in this country 's history and it need to be push harder . if we be ever to live side by side in peace and harmony . it 's about promote racial heal . dunwitty go on . good so far . delacroix I know you be familiar with minstrel show . they come about at the turn of the 19th century . it be a variety show in which the talent be in blackface - sing , dance , tell joke , do skit . dunwitty , I ask you when be the last time there be a good variety show on the air . Carol burnett ? heehaw ? 29 . dunwitty Word !!! delacroix so let 's take this great form , this very american tradition of entertainment into the 21st century , into the new millennium . dunwitty the name of the show ? delacroix it be call : mantan - the new millennium minstrel show . dunwitty I be lovin ' it . you know how I know ? because I be get a boner , my Johnson be hard , no disrespect my sister . dunwitty start walk around he office , pump he first . dunwitty ( cont 'd ) I be feelin ' dis ' ! delacroix it will take a lot of courage and backbone on the part of the cns to get this on the air . in fact , I would understand fully if the subject matter be deem too risque , too controversial . dunwitty do not worry about that , that 's my department . now who do we cast ? we need a star . can whoopi sing or dance ? delacroix I do not know if whoopi be the way to go . dunwitty be this we two star , sit here in front of my nose ? which one be mantan again ? mantan that 's I . 30 . delacroix and cheeba be sleep and ' eat . close on cheeba . a look of surprise be on he face . complete , utter surprise . dunwitty that 's a great handle . delacroix mantan and sleep and eat . two real coon . I know we be way out there but it 's satire . dunwitty I want you take it there . all the way to the edge and back . sloan look at delacroix with concern . delacroix every week we follow the trial and tribulation of two real coon - mantan and sleep and eat . the dusky duo. dunwitty what be there character trait ? delacroix ignorant , dullwitted , lazy , and unlucky . dunwitty exactly ! delacroix mantan be a uneducate negro who always by some stroke of unbelievable stupidity make he best laid plan go haywire . dunwitty and sleep and eat be he comical sidekick ? delacroix yep , you guess it . dunwitty this could be bigger than " amo and Andy . " 31 . delacroix protest finally force " amo and Andy " off the air . could stop we from ever get on . dunwitty let them try . I will kill to make this happen . delacroix look at sloan . delacroix negroes would be in a uproar . dunwitty so what . we would just give the naacp a donation that would be the end of that . no such thing as bad publicity . so what . earlier you say sing and dance . delacroix mantan right here be a gift hoofer . he have educate foot . dunwitty who be the other character ? delacroix do we have character ? how about honeycutt , snowflake , rastus , nigger , Jim , sambo , jungle Bunny , and how could we forget aunt jemima . dunwitty be die with laughter . he 's the only one . dunwitty we gonna hit them wid da bomb dickey on dis ' one . what 's the set ? delacroix in the project . like Eddie Murphy 's " the pj' . " dunwitty ya first bad move . project be do . that 's one of the problem now , everything , movie , tv , be set in the urban jungle , da hood . that 's so tired . mantan 's millennium minstrel show should be set on a plantation . in Alabama . ( more ) 32 . dunwitty ( cont 'd ) and every week this Alabama porch monkey will make we cry , make we laugh , make we look at we own humanity . make we feel good to be alive . delacroix I do not know about that plantation angle . dunwitty what be you talkin ' ' bout ? it 's the move . stay wid I now . we be movin ' fast . what do everybody else think about this ? sloan we would get a lot of mail . she laugh , it 's a fake one at that . sloan ( cont 'd ) Mr. dunwitty , there would not be another show like it . cheeba I have always want to be on television . dunwitty I like you . sleep and eat . that 's funny . mantan , how do you feel about perform in black face ? mantan as long as the hoof be real , that I can do my thing , I can blacken up . let I hit it , beat and rhythm , express myself . dunwitty show I a little something ' somethin' . mantan start to put on he new tap shoe . dunwitty ( cont 'd ) delacroix , you dig deep , deeper than deep . mantan be ready . 33 . mantan I be gonna give you just a taste . my tap shoe be brand new . I have not train them yet . he start to work out . mantan ( cont 'd ) rhythm , rhythm , rhythm . beat , beat , beat . no Fred astaire here , baby . just rawness . dunwitty clear he desk of everything , just knock stuff fly onto the floor . and mantan take the cue , jump up on he desk and really start hit it . close on delacroix , as he watch he creation , it 's not a happy face . close on mantan , he 's bring it home . with the final move , he leap off the desk into the middle of the office , and freeze . angle on the office . dunwitty that 'swhatI 'mtalki and 'bout . that 'swhatI 'mtalki and ' bout ! he 's off the hiz-hook ! delacroix we think so . dunwitty sleep and eat , what do you do ? cheeba I play the straight man . I do some sing and dance also . I also manage mantan . dunwitty oh you do so ? cheeba I be the man behind the man behind the man . dunwitty you da man . 34 . cheeba no , you da man . dunwitty I be gonna run upstairs with this . if cns do not want to do this , somebody else will have da ball to pull the trigger . I want to thank each and every one of you . this be great , delacroix . I will get back to you later today . ext . STREET - day cheeba and mantan be walk in midtown Manhattan . they both have a pep in they step , money in they pocket , and a roof over they head . cheeba life be beginning to look up . it 's all good in da neighborhood . mantan you might be right . cheeba why be you smile so ? his smile be a mile wide . mantan I be not smile . cheeba naw , not you . it can not be . that hottie sloan hopkins . mantan it 's that bad , huh ? it 's all over my face . cheeba no shame in ya game . she get ya nostril , ya chnoz be wide open . sloan 's what we certified lady ' man call low hang fruit . mantan certify lady ' man , huh ? cheeba she 's also moorish . 35 . mantan what 's that ? cheeba moorish . ya get a little taste of that booty , ya wanna get some more . mantan second and third , too . cheeba sloan be all ' that . I try she . I be a tri-sexual . mantan you would try anything . I get first dib . you get ya own stuff . cheeba naw , just jokin ' . that 's you . that 's you . int . delacroix be apartment - night delacroix sit with manray and cheeba in the live room . delacroix I want you to start use the name mantan and not manray if you do not mind . manray why ? delacroix you have to start get into you character . cheeba at the risk of sounding ignorant ... cheeba turn quickly towards manray . cheeba ( cont 'd ) ... do not say a word but who be this cat mantan you keep talkin ' ' bout ? delacroix hit the remote button . the tv and vcr be power . close on Television . we see mantan moreland in some obscure movie . 36 . delacroix ( o.s. ) this be mantan moreland . closer on Television . mantan react to see a ghost . delacroix ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) he be a clown , a buffoon but he be funny . angle on live room . cheeba that be not funny . manray dela , I do not know ' bout this . delacroix gentlemen , the show , we show will be satirical . you know what that be , do not you ? trust I on this one . cheeba we might need some mo ' money behind this . delacroix that can be do . manray mantan ? delacroix mantan !! int . recording studio - night the mau - mau 's in full effect , bob they head to the funky track that blast from the studio monitor . angle on Studio . they pass around joint that look like they have be on steroid and 64 ounce jugular of da bomb malt liquor - liquid crack , the prefer alcoholic beverage of ghetto negroes . all the member of the mau - mau 's be african american except one . there be one caucasian member . he go by the name 1 / 16th black , the engineer tech - whiz kid computer geek . 37 . 1/16th black yo , Big Black , we need a name for this joint . big black how ' bout ... Big Black take a long , long drag on a joint , then he quickly empty a 64 oz . in one swing without miss a beat , without miss a head nod . big black ( cont 'd ) Black iz Black ? the whole group go crazy with the title of the song . double black that 's da bomb . mo black that 's gonna give I some inspiration . jo black gonna make I get my flow on . big black we should call dis da black album . everyone start high - five each other . smooth black yo , check it out . we have never conform to none of the white man 's rule and regulation and later for that ole slave owner webster . therefore I respectfully submit big black that we from now on , hence forth and what not spell black : b-l-a - k , not b-l-a-c -k . hard black I feel that . 1/16th black b-l-a-k. blak . the darkest of all color , the opposite of white . a member of a African people . but check it out , here 's where the grey people try to get slick with they trickery . listen to the full connotation . gloomy . depressing . evil . wicked . angry . sullen . ( more ) 38 . 1/16th black ( cont 'd ) blak out . blak listed . blak ball . need I say more . big black b-l-a - k it be . int . house - night a middle - age African - american woman be work in the kitchen . delacroix sit at the kitchen table talk with she . this be he mom , orchid dothan . orchid put a plate of food in front of she son . orchid you must think I be some kind of fool . delacroix it look delicious . orchid you hear I talkin ' to you . the only time you come up here when something be wrong . delacroix c'mon , mommy , do not start with that I be a ungrateful son stuff . orchid I say no such thing . all I say be that something must be wrong . she sit down with he . orchid ( cont 'd ) how 's the food ? delacroix can not beat it with a hammer . well , since you ask , it look like I may have a new show , a pilot be shot . orchid that 's wonderful . be not that what you always want , a show of you own ? he talk between mouthful . 39 . delacroix it be . it be . but this be a different kind of show . orchid if at first it 's not what you want , just work that much harder , peerless . delacroix mommy , please do not call I that . orchid Son , peerless be you name . now you might be one of this Hollywood type , change you name and all that but peerless dothan be on you birth certificate . delacroix I know what 's on my birth certificate . you hear from daddy ? orchid I guess he 's still on the road . what kind of show be this ? be they some negroes in it without be buffoon ? delacroix to answer you question , there be a lot of negroes in it and what be you definition of buffoon ? orchid peerless , I do not raise a buffoon . we have enough of that on television already . delacroix please let I know when you hear from daddy , get a number or something . orchid I will . and good luck with you show . I hope it 's a huge success . you have work very hard . you deserve it . delacroix get up from he seat and hug he mother . 40 . int . restaurant - night a celebration be go on as delacroix , sloan , cheeba and mantan sit at a table . angle on table . cheeba and mantan be giddy . sloan look at delacroix who be visibly not happy . sloan you okay ? delacroix I feel like somebody hit I upside da head with a sledgehammer . cheeba dela - what 's the matter with you . mantan you be not happy about the green light ? sloan people show they happiness in a lot of different way . mantan well , homeboy , look like he 's at a funeral . delacroix I be happy for all of we . it 's just we have a great responsibility now . the pressure be on . mantan pressure ? dela , you do not know what the hell real pressure be . sheeett !!! this be lightstuff . now when you scramblin ' out on the street in da January winter and the hawk be talkin ' to you with no money and no prospect of money anytime soon , now that there be some pressure . delacroix I do not mean it to sound like that . 41 . mantan that 's the way it come out . let I ask you one question . have you ever be in want , in need you entire privileged life ? delacroix now I be privileged ?! why ? because I do not grow up on food stamp and welfare ? because I do not call home a cardboard box ? no , I never ever go to bed hungry and I be proud of it , too . whoever tell you that live in poverty earn you somekind of badge of honor flat out lie to you . mantan the point I be try to make be that this be a bless . it 's go to be fun do this show and we should all look at it that way . delacroix get up from the table and leave . cheeba what 's wrong with he ? mantan must be the pressure . cheeba and mantan laugh , give each other some dap . a highly attractive puerto rican female walk over to they table . this be jessica grillo . jessica sorry I be late . cheeba and mantan be in awe . sloan hey , girl . this be my best friend , jessica grillo . I invite she down to celebrate with we . cheeba I be cheeba . mantan I be mantan . they both rise . 42 . cheeba please , have a seat . mantan sloan never tell we she have friend like you . cheeba in fact , we never know she have any friend period . sloan later for you . jessica she have a lot of friend cheeba male ? jessica yes . mantan a lot ? sloan enough . sloan and jessica laugh at the expense of this guy . jessica I propose a toast . she grab a empty glass and pour herself some champagne . jessica ( cont 'd ) to the success of you show . good luck . everyone raise they glass . clink ! sloan Excuse I . sloan get up from the table and take after delacroix . angle on step . sloan catch up with delacroix at the rest room area . sloan ( cont 'd ) wait here . 43. she go to the lady ' cubicle . close on delacroix . he lean against the wall . angle on bathroom door . sloan come out , grab he inside . int . lady ' room - night sloan lock the door . sloan what be you problem ? delacroix my problem be mantan the new millenium minstrel show . sloan why do you even come up with that shit if you do not want it make ? delacroix it be the principle . dunwitty have to be enlighten . I be make a point . I take pride in my work . plus , I already tell you I be not gonna walk away from my money . sloan fuck da money . why do through all this effort ? why ? be you look for love from dunwitty ? for respect ? dunwitty and he like do not give a goddamn about you . so now what be you gonna do ? someone begin to pound on the bathroom door . woman' voice ( o.s. ) will you please let I in ? I have to use the toilet . sloan you be gonna have to hold it in because we be not finish yet ... she return she attention to delacroix . sloan ( cont 'd ) ... quit then . 44 . delacroix even if money be not a issue , dunwitty will still go ahead without I and that could be more dangerous . sloan what 's the chance of mantan be pick up ? delacroix I would not bet against it . my negroidal ass be stick between the proverbial rock and a hard place . sloan like I say , all this for some twisted , distort sense of principal . dunwitty , he just tolerate you negroidal ass , he do not respect it . the bang start again . manager' voice ( o.s. ) please open this bathroom door immediately . you be be very inconsiderate . sloan unlock the door and they exit . angle on lady ' bathroom . sloan and delacroix file past the strange look of the manager and five women wait to use the bathroom as they rush in . int . dunwitty' office - morning delacroix I strongly feel that a negro should direct this . this kind of satire be a high wire act in a gale storm . one misstep and we be do " amo and Andy . " only a negro will have the sensitivity and cultural awareness to navigate this dangerous terrain . dunwitty to hire someone solely on they ethnicity , gender or religion be not right . it 's un - american . I will hire someone who be most qualified for this particular job . 45 . delacroix I be hope to perhaps direct some episode myself , if not the pilot soon after . dunwitty I want a hot , young white director . maybe the kid , that pheenom who just do that hot new sexy madonna video . delacroix you be tell I some white boy be gonna direct this pilot ? dunwitty I just want you to meet he . keep a open mind . delacroix besides , what do he know about negroes ? dunwitty probably nuthin' , but that 's why it 's such a sexy way to go . sometimes a outsider have a fresh new outlook , a different unique perspective . a black director , y'know what he 's gonna do give the subject matter ? with this kid , the possibility be endless . delacroix what be he qualification besides be a white male and direct a hot new sexy freaky madonna video ? dunwitty if spielburg can direct " the Color purple " and " amistad " , we whiz kid can direct the mantan pilot . delacroix that 's exactly my point . have he even direct actor before in anything ? dunwitty no !!! just meet the guy . that 's all I be ask . look , I will even let you choose you own musical director . you can have that . 46 . delacroix in the immortal word of Derrick coleman , whooopdeedamndoo !!! dunwitty Derrick coleman , he possess all the talent in the world , coulda , shoulda , be a great ballplayer but ala D.C. do not want it bad enough . delacroix , do you want it ? bad enough to kill for it ? do you want it that much . delacroix stare at dunwitty . int . conference room - next day delacroix , follow by sloan , enter the room full of writer . close on delacroix he survey the room . p.o.v . - delacroix all of the writer be caucasian - male and female . every single last one . angle on Conference room . delacroix and sloan sit down at the head of the long oval table . delacroix good morning , for that of you who do not know I , I be Pierre delacroix . I be run thing and this here be my assistant sloan hopkins . sloan hello . delacroix I have never work with any of you and you have never work with I so we will be start from scratch . I be a fair person , a straight shooter and I do not hold my tongue . everybody up in here should know I have nothing to do with you be hire . ( more ) 47 . delacroix ( cont 'd ) I would have prefer at least one other negro writer . any question ? comment ? mona raise she hand . delacroix ( cont 'd ) yes , you name ? mona he , I be mona . delacroix hi , mona . mona I perfectly understand where you be come from . as a minority I can relate to you struggle also . but I think you should give we all a chance . we want this pilot to be successful just as much as you . please do not be so quick to judge we base only on we whiteness . delacroix oh , be that what I be do ? beth jump in . beth I think because of we background we can bring a unique perspective to mantan . seth pipe in also . seth a fresh pair of eye . a new look , insight , new angle that have not be see before . delacroix I have hear this somewhere before . David raise he hand . 48 . david my name be David . I do think it would be better to have some African - american writer but for whatever reason they be not here . I do not know if they could not find any people with experience , they would not work for the pay or refuse to work for the show . I do not know and nobody in this room probably know either . I be look at this as a unique opportunity . we all should . I be a damn good writer and I be ready to go to work . everyone in the room applaud . sloan look at delacroix . freeze frame delacroix ( v.o. ) this thing be rig , the deck be stack , the fix be in . could Don King be near ? good thing sloan have my back . she 's my rock . this be go to be a whole lot of work . un-freeze frame delacroix ( cont 'd ) David , I appreciate you comment . anybody get a idea ? everybody just talk out loud . mona I have always like the format of rowan and Martin 's " laugh - in . " anna that could be cool . kirk what about something like " the jefferson ? " I grow up in Idaho so that 's how I get my understanding of black people . through sherman helmsley , louissee !!!. david " good Times " be better . kid dy - no mite !!! 49 . aaron you pole be go to far back for I . I think we have to go after a hipper feel . like the stuff Eddie Murphy use to do on " Saturday night live . " peter or Martin . you go girl . jeff what about the black exploitation film ? no one have ever try make that work on tv . david and for reason . have you ever see " scream blacula , scream ? " mona I think , and delacroix will agree with I , the politics of this show have to be right . we should always be laugh with we character , not at they . close on delacroix , as the writer continue to ramble on , he let they jerk off . delacroix ( v.o. ) the mission be accomplish . all of this people leave the room think they would have real input . I be write this pilot alone , myself , I . ext . STREET - day a long line reach down the block and around the corner . it 's a " cattle call , " open audition for " mantan . " delacroix ( v.o. ) now come the fun part , find the talented performer to cast in the show . we dolly past the hundred and hundred of unemployed African american actor , many of they dress in various costume . 50 . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) everybody and they mother be try to get in , try to be see . try to get they piece of the rock . int . rehearsal space - day delacroix sit in the first row with sloan , RUTH , a African american casting director . levi , the musical director , also black , be on the stage at the piano . audition montage we see singer , magician , dancer , acrobat , comedian , rapper . some good , most be terrible . many come out on stage dress like mammy , stepin ' fetchit , slave , pimp , ho 's , hustler , and basketball player . it be a cavalcade of all the stereotypical role one have see . angle on Space . lulu , a speak word artist , go she rendition of " way down on the swanee river . " delacroix ( v.o. ) this be amazing . who have tell this negroes that this be what we be look for ? the same old image , it damn for sure be not I . close on lulu . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) be people this desperate to get work ? close on delacroix . he interrupt lulu . delacroix ( cont 'd ) thanks , Ms. lulu . lulu but I have several more poem . delacroix that 's good . we have see enough . we will get back to you . lulu scurries off stage . 51 . RUTH ( o.s. ) next . the mau - mau 's run onto the stage , yell and scream . they be all fire up , in fact several fire they 'mm 's into the ceiling . angle - two shot delacroix and sloan . sloan this be the group I be tell you about . delacroix which one be you brother ? sloan the big one . close on Ruth . RUTH let 's get start here . angle on stage Big Black preens around on the stage . big black the mau - mau 's be up in dis place . that 's right , the mau-mau 's . delacroix ( o.s. ) what 's you name ? big black my righteous name be big black . delacroix ( o.s. ) and what be the mau - mau 's go to do for we today ? big black we gonna drop some knowledge , wisdom and understanding . the mau- mau 's , we be scientist . we drop science . 52 . close on sloan , who 's try to disappear . if she sit any lower she will be under she seat . on delacroix delacroix we be ready when you be . on stage big black microphone check . one. two. one. two. one. two. hold up . I got to give my peep some prop . Brothers introduce yourself . double black yo , I be double Black . black black check it , Black Black . smooth black I be smooth Black , the lover in dis ' piece . hard black hard Black . mo black he 's jo Black . jo black and he 's Mo Black . 1/16th black I be last but not least , you can call I 1 / 16th Black . on delacroix delacroix good . we be really black - oop , back up , so shall we begin ? on stage big black microphone check . one. two. one. two . yo , the name of this joint be blak iz blak . hit it . 53. the booming track start and the mau - mau 's do they thing , bounce all over the stage . the lyric about everything that be blak !!! on delacroix a look of disbelief be on he face . delacroix ( v.o. ) needless to say , the mau - mau 's do not fit into we plan . on sloan she 's in shock , horrify . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) as I tell sloan , there 's a black sheep in every family . backstage - later that day delacroix be scream at the top of he lung . delacroix ( cont 'd ) Finland . this be a travesty . a debacle . a mockery . int . lobby dunwitty approach delacroix in the lobby of the rehearsal space . he be with jukka , a young , very young blonde kid . dunwitty delacroix . this be the director I be tell you about . jukka lak . jukka so nice to meet you . delacroix Nice to meet you . if you do not mind I ask you - how old be you ? jukka I just turn twenty . dunwitty I be gonna leave you two creative geniuse alone . delacroix dunwitty , do not leave . 54 . dunwitty be out . delacroix ( cont 'd ) where be you from ? jukka Helsinki , which be the capital of Finland . delacroix Finland . jukka you know , finlandia vodka ? yes ? delacroix yes , I know . jukka , have you ever see a negro person before ? even have a real conversation with a real negro before ? jukka what 's a negro . int . backstage delacroix continue to rant and rave . sloan be unsuccessful in attempt to make he be quiet . delacroix a fiasco . a disaster . a boondoggle . a abomination . int . lobby delacroix do you just ask I what 's a negro ? i'm a negro !!! jukka ahhh !!! I never hear of that term before . I think you be black of African - american . no ? delacroix well before there be black or african american , there be negroes . i'm a negro . jukka thank you for correct my ignorance . I be look forward to work side by side with you . I feel we make a good team . 55 . delacroix how do you get this gig ? jukka my visual style be very erotic , sexy , how do you say - hot ? delacroix this be a tv show , not a music video . jukka then will you teach I what I need to know . maybe we learn from each other , if that 's possible , no ? int . backstage - moment later delacroix this be a travesty . a debacle . sloan you have say that already . delacroix I be gonna slit my wrist . cut my throat . for the love of Joseph . int . delacroix be office - new day he 's sit behind he desk , read new " pink " revision of the " mantan " pilot . he scream . delacroix for the love of Joseph and Mary . delacroix bolt out from he office . int . dunwitty' office - day delacroix charge in as dunwitty and jukka go over the same " pink " revision . delacroix I will not be hold responsible for this revision . this change be not the way I want to go . this be a outrage . this be a sham . a violation ! dunwitty calm down , please . jukka in Finland , when we get upset ... 56 . delacroix I do not give a good goddamn about Finland , Norway , Sweden or wherever ya blond ass come from . dunwitty we just punch it up a bit . make it funnier . delacroix funnier to who and at who 's expense ? dunwitty , when negroes start to run amok , the boycott , when the demostration commence , I be give they you home address . let 's see how you like it when they picket you lawn in greenwich , Connecticut . dunwitty I seriously doubt that will ever happen . do not I tell you I know you people better than you do . but if by some miracle you be correct , I be gonna invite they inside my house and we will have a sit down , discuss it like civil human being . int . studio - night much activity be go on . people be move to and for . we follow delacroix and sloan . ext . mantan' dressing room - continuous delacroix knock and they enter . int . mantan' dressing room mantan sit in front of he mirror . delacroix just want to say good luck . sloan break a leg . she give mantan a kiss on he cheek . delacroix wait a minute . hold up . they all laugh . 57 . delacroix ( cont 'd ) can I kiss you too ? mantan naw . I will take the zero . delacroix you feel good , not nervous ? mantan I feel fine . delacroix not nervous ? relaxed ? mantan sloan , will you take you boss out of here so I can get ready . ext . sleep 'n eat' dressing room - night sloan and delacroix enter the dress room . int . sleep 'n eat' dressing room sleep 'n eat how 's the audience ? delacroix fire up . sloan how you feelin' ? sleep 'n eat good . I be not sure about this material . delacroix the material be fine . sloan cut a look at this liar . sleep 'n eat you really think so ? delacroix we be try to do something new here , some groundbreake stuff . sleep 'n eat it 's the bone break stuff I be worried about . 58 . sloan everything 's gonna be alright . you and mantan will be huge star after tonight . sleep 'n eat you really think so ? delacroix you life will never be the same . sloan let 's leave the man in peace so he can get ready . int . backstage sloan we both lie to he . delacroix what do you want I to say ? sloan just do not lie to I . int . stage - night honeycutt , a rotund , elder black man who be one of cast member , be warming the audience up . on audience it 's very young and diverse . they be laugh at the comic styling of honeycutt . int . control booth - night delacroix and sloan take they seat . delacroix good luck , jukka . do a good show . jukka thank you very much . I always try my best . int . mantan' dressing room mantan be slowly get dress . he put on a old , tatter tail ( tuxedo ) . 59 . int . sleep 'n eat' dressing room sleep 'n eat be also get dress . he wear a wear pullman porter uniform with red hat to match . int . control room - night dunwitty with he black wife in hand , verna move toward delacroix and sloan . dunwitty I want you to meet my lovely wife verna . honey , this be Pierre delacroix and sloan hopkins . verna Nice to meet you . delacroix same here . sloan the pleasure be mine . verna my husband have be rave about the awesome work you have do . how do you ever think of something like this ? it 's absolutely brilliant . pure genius . delacroix I guess it be divine inspiration . verna hope to see you both after the taping . congrat in advance . on control booth verna and dunwitty go to the front of the control booth . two shot delacroix and sloan . sloan Divine inspiration ? she laugh . delacroix I be try to be nice . 60 . sloan I want to apologize about my brother and the mau -mau 's . I should not have impose they on you . delacroix c'mon . you be only do what family be suppose to be do for family . you give you brother a shot . that 's all anybody can ask for , a opportunity , a chance , a shot . he get he . int . mantan' dressing room mantan be in front of he dress room mirror . on mirror mantan look , stare at he reflection . int . sleep 'n eat' dressing room sleep 'n eat be stare at himself also . int . mantan' dressing room close on mantan sloan ( v.o. ) we should blacken up like they do it back in the day . keep the ritual the same . mantan put some cork in a dish . sloan ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) pour some alcohol on the cork , then light it . int . sleep 'n eat' dressing room sleep 'n eat strike a match to he cork in a dish . close on sleep 'n eat he watch the cork burn . sloan ( v.o. ) let they burnt to a crisp , and when burnt out , mash they to a powder . 61 . int . mantan' dressing room mantan be mash the cork . sloan ( v.o. ) add water , mix to a thick paste . int . sleep 'n eat' dressing room sleep 'n eat be mixing it all together . sloan ( v.o. ) and voila ! you have you blackface . int . stage - night the audience , which have become restless , start a rhythmic clap . sloan ( v.o. ) please put cocoa butter on you face and hand ... int . mantan' dressing room on mantan' hand sloan ( v.o. ) to protect you skin . he apply cocoa butter to he hand . int . sleep 'n eat' dressing room on sleep 'n eat' face he rub cocoa butter all over he face . int . stage - night close on hand audience hand be clap faster . on feet they be stomping . int . mantan' dressing room on mirror mantan black up he face . 62 . we hear the pounding of the feet stomping and the hand clapping . int . sleep 'n eat' dressing room on mirror sleep 'n eat black up also . sloan ( v.o. ) the final detail ... int . mantan' dressing room on lip sloan ( v.o. ) ... be the lip . mantan be apply lipstick . int . sleep 'n eat' dressing room on lip sleep 'n eat be pucker he lip as he too put on the lipstick . sloan ( v.o. ) the redder the lipstick the better . I suggest firetruck red . on mirror for the first time we see sleep 'n eat in full black face . sleep 'n eat show ... int . mantan' dressing room on mirror mantan in full black face . mantan ... time !!! int . stage - night the audience be in a uproar when the light go down . they applaud and they quiet as the curtain goe up on a bucolic set . it be a combination of watermelon patch and cotton field . 63. on stage first sleep 'n eat then mantan shuffles onto the stage . mantan this be my best friend sleep 'n eat . sleep 'n eat and this be my very best friend mantan . both we be two real coons ! the audience let out nervous laughter . they do not know what to think . mantan we both leave the hustle and bustle of uptown , harlem ... sleep 'n eat ... the big apple , New York , New York . mantan to come back to we root . sleep 'n eat we alabamy Home . now we be get countrify . we be bama 's . mantan no mo ' " city slicker . " ahh , can not you smell the sweet aroma of the ripe watermelon and high cotton ? sleep 'n eat tell them what you mean mistuh mantan . mantan well , thank you mistuh sleep 'n eat . sleep 'n eat give or cousin some of dem educate feet . mantan begin to do a slow , steady step . sleep 'n eat ( cont 'd ) cousin , first , second , third and distant , let 's have mantan take we all the way back to a much more simpler time . a time wen man be man , woman be woman , and neggras know they place . 64 . the audience be aghast . mantan have pick up the pace . he 's tapping fast and furious . mantan cousin , I want all of you to go to you window . go to you window and yell . yell , I be tired of the drug , the crack baby bear out of wedlock to crackhead aid infest parent . I be tired of the inflate welfare roll while good wholesome Americans bring less and less of they paycheck home every two week . I be tired , you be tired , we be all tired of this so-called bible - thumping God fear , whore mongle professional athlete . be not you tired of this basketball - dunking , football - run , hop-hip rapping ebonic-speaking sex offender who get ten kid from ten different Ho 's ? I know I be and so be sleep 'n eat . sleep 'n eat you tellin ' the truth . mantan go to you window and yell out , scream with all the life you can muster up inside you assault , bruise and batter body . i'm sick and tire of niggers and I 'm not gonna take it anymore ! mantan stop dance and collapse . on audience they be stunne . they can not believe what they have hear , what they have see . what they have be witness to . on young white couple they look at the black people in the audience . on young hip - hop black male he start to clap slowly . on audience slowly more black people begin to applaud . slowly it sweep up into the black people . 65 . the white audience , of course , have be wait to see how they black brother and sister would react . now feel comfortable and safe , they too be to join the applause . on audience the applause change into laughter . it be not nervous laughter we hear , but straight out riotous laughter . on black and white face the laughter be contagious . on stage mantan start to move , he 's come back from the dead . he slowly get up from he prostate position as he hear : a wayback alabama jig play by the house band , the porch monkey , lead by musical director Levi . mantan be join on stage by the other hoofer in the show : jungle bunny , snowflake , sambo , aunt jemima , rastus , nigger jim , plus sleep 'n eat . each take turn as it evolve into a elaborate dance number . the hoofer and the band be also in black face . on audience they be roll down the aisle . int . control room - night on delacroix delacroix look like he have see a ghost . closer he bury he face in he hand . int . delacroix be apartment - next night delacroix be in the same position as the scene before . face bury in he hand . on phone it ring and he pick it up . delacroix hello ? 66 . ext . street - night dunwitty drive he mercede benz cl 600 coupe . dunwitty yo , dela , I just get the news from the cns brass . they see some clip from the pilot and they be rush it onto the air . yo , we be a midseason replacement , order 12 show . we be on in 3 week . didya hear what I just say , yo ? on dunwitty dunwitty ( cont 'd ) they do not even view a rough cut , just some scene we quickly cut together . on delacroix delacroix this have to be a big mistake . dunwitty ( o.s. ) the big mistake be my not believe in you genius earlier . from the gitgo , from jump street . delacroix hold on a sec , I get a call . he click over . delacroix ( cont 'd ) hello , mommy , let I get rid of this other call . int . benz - continuous delacroix ( o.s. ) I got to go , it 's my mom . dunwitty I want to meet she one day , please tell she the great news . I be out like vanilla Ice . int . orchid be house - night she be on the phone with she son . 67 . orchid peerless , you father call . int . delacroixx apartment delacroix I will be right over . int . STREET - night it 's a warm summer night . mantan so what 's up with you ? sloan what do you want to know ? mantan the good stuff . sloan I be a asthmatic . be one all my life . can not go anywhere without a inhaler . mantan what else ? sloan be you try to rap to I ? int . orchide house delacroix sit at the kitchen table . orchid he want you to come and see he . delacroix he say that ? orchid yes he do . delacroix where be he ? orchid he 's perform at some place outside of Richmond , Virginia . delacroix I can not go all the way down south . 68 . orchid Richmond be not all the way down south . delacroix I do not even know why you be still concerned over he . daddy 's not with you . orchid regardless , he still be you father . delacroix it 's gonna be hard for I to get away with the show take off . orchid even more reason to see he . he will be overjoy with you success . delacroix c'mon , mommy . daddy have not be impressed with anything I have ever do . from win my fifth grade spell bee to the present . orchid peerless , last time , go see you father . ext . park - night mantan and sloan be sit on a park bench , nothing be be say . he sit up and start to do a dance for she . to she . on bench mantan be do that " mating " tap dance . sloan be you try to seduce I ? he put he index finger over he mouth - " quiet . " sloan ( cont 'd ) you think that 's gonna work , huh ? he quickly jump up on the bench , do some intricate step then pull sloan up from she sit position . on mantan and sloan they kiss . 69 . ext . i- 95 south - morning delacroix be drive " down south . " int . car - continuous delacroix adjust the mirror so he can see himself . he speak to US through the mirror delacroix I figure this be a good time to get away . just jump in my ride and go . I always do my best think when I be drive alone . I need to think out clearly what I be go to do with this mantan - the new millennium minstrel show . ext . i-95 south delacroix be drive on he way to " ole virginny . " ext . mama' sugar shak - night delacroix pull up in the parking lot of a rinky - kink , funky , greasy bar / club / bar -b- q joint . close on neon sign " mama' sugar shak " - most the letter do not light up , underneath it , " 2 - nite - junebug . " int . mama' sugar shak it 's loud as hell as delacroix enter this smoky , dark establishment . p.o.v. delacroix this must be a big night in here because the patron be dress to the nine . what 's in style down here be a lot different from what 's happen en nueva York . many of the man be dress like pimp from 70 's blaxploitation film , the lady like hootchie mama from " luke " video . on sugar shak delacroix work himself through the crowded bar / DISCO into another small room . on comedy room he walk into a small space where he father junebug be on the stage . 70 . on junebug he be a good-look man , the only speckle of gray in he hair betray he age . as he walk around the small stage do he comedy styling , he keep a drink in one hand and sip it often . on comedy room delacroix sit in the back so he father can not see he . on delacroix he look around . p.o.v. delacroix it 's dead in here . the room be nearly empty . on table a couple get loud , argue over something . on junebug junebug ' cuse I . please . can you please show I some respect . I be up here try to make a live . man mind yo ' business . junebug do not make I have to come over there and whoop you upside ya head . the sparse audience laugh . junebug ( cont 'd ) just messin ' with ya . but please if you and you lady need to discuss something , take it outside . thank you . he continue on with he show . on table delacroix walk over to the fight couple . 71 . delacroix brother man , that 's my father up there and I drive a long way to see he perform . please take this fifty , go buy you and the young lady some drink in the club . the guy look he up and down . man that 's yo ' daddy ? delacroix nod . man ( cont 'd ) do not need yo money for drink . besides , she 's drunk already . c'mon , let 's go . the guy grab he friend by the wrist and drag she kick and scream out the room . close on junebug junebug do not bring you woman out if you can not keep she in deep check . if my woman ever do something crazy like that I would put my size 12 dead up in she ass . this get the biggest laugh of the night . ext . dressing room - night delacroix knock . junebug ( o.s. ) what do you want ? delacroix I want to speak with you . junebug ( o.s. ) go away , unless you get my money . delacroix it 's I , peerless . int . dressing room he enter into a closet , it 's a makeshift dress room . a young lady , much young than junebug - dot - stand behind he as she massage he neck . 72 . junebug get up from he chair , rush to he son and they embrace . junebug son. good to seeya . good to seeya . delacroix it 's be a long time . junebug pull up a chair . oh , excuse I , this be my lady dot . delacroix please to meet you . dot glad to meet you , too . you be all you father talk about . delacroix be that so ? junebug honey , pour I and my son a drink . they both sit down as drink be pour . dot I will leave you two alone . she kiss junebug on the forehead before leave . junebug good woman . I train she right . delacroix daddy , she 's young than I . junebug my game be still strong . no viagra for I , do not need no chemical . just my tonic . he hold up he drink and kill it in one gulp . junebug ( cont 'd ) purely for medicinal purpose . delacroix I think you have promise mommy you stop . 73. junebug I do . I be not a alcoholic . I just like to drink . delacroix how do you end up here ? junebug how do I end up at the third rate chittlin ' circuit greasy hole in the wall in West Hell , virginny ? be that what you be ask ya daddy ? delacroix take a sip of he drink . delacroix that 's what I be askin' . junebug because I have too much pride . too much integrity . I would not lick nobody 's butt . some material I refuse to do . delacroix daddy , it can not be just because of that . there have to be other factor . junebug pour himself another stiff one . junebug that 's the only reason , period . they only want one certain kind of black comic . delacroix another one of you conspiracy to hold ya career back ? junebug all I know be what happen to I . all that other mess I just file into the " life 's too short " category . he downs another one . junebug drink like a fish . junebug ( cont 'd ) enough about I , what 's happen with you ? delacroix the same old , same old . try to get my stuff through . 74 . junebug dem white boy give you a hard time ? delacroix nuthin ' I can not handle . junebug the truth be never let they seeya sweat . you do that , that 's half the battle . delacroix where do you go from here ? junebug Three night Charleston , South Carolina . delacroix I do not mean that , in life . junebug in life ? I 'ma keep on live , have a good drink , get I a good young woman , make a couple of dollar and make people laugh . have not I always tol ' you all nigga 's be entertainer ? the question be what be you gonna do , peerless ? int . HOTEL hallway - night delacroix and dot be on either side of junebug as they hold he up . on door delacroix struggle to put the key in the door . int . HOTEL room the door be kick open as the trio come in . junebug be drunk as a skunk . junebug I be not a alcoholic . I just like to drink . dot we know that baby . 75 . delacroix let 's get he over to the bed . junebug baby , you treat I so good . peerless , you be a good son , I love you . you never give I no trouble . they lay he down on the bed . delacroix I love you too , daddy . junebug always keep them laugh . dot take off he shoe . he 's out like a light . go . delacroix how long have my father be like this ? dot not that often . he be excited to see you . delacroix so he drank himself into a stuper ? dot the drink be for the pain . it do not kill it , just dull it . delacroix so what 's up with you ? dot I be a hostess at this club , you daddy be perform and I have never laugh so hard in my life . he ask I to come with he . I quit my job and we have be together ever since . delacroix pull out he billfold and give dot five crisp new model hundred dollar bill . delacroix do not tell he it 's from I or he will not take it . dot you father be proud of you . 76 . delacroix he never show it . dot he do the best way he know how , junebug be stubborn just like you . delacroix kiss he sleep father of the forehead . dot ( cont 'd ) I will take care of he . ext . i- 95 NORTH - night delacroix be drive back home - up North . int . car - continuous delacroix ( v.o. ) my daddy . I be not mad at he . not at all . junebug be the reason I get into this business in the first place . closer delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and I thank he for that . however , it do I no good see he in that state . daddy be a break man . he have be a strong man , with conviction , integrity , principle and look where it have get he . I have to ask myself do I want to end up where he be ? overhead rear view mirror delacroix adjust the mirror so he can see himself , and speak to US . delacroix ( cont 'd ) that be the last time I ever see my father . ext . i-95 NORTH delacroix 's car fly past we . int . mantan' dressing room - night on mirror mantan start to black up . 77 . int . sleep 'n eat' dressing room sleep 'n eat also begin to black up . int . stage - night honeycutt stand in front of the festive young , mix audience . honeycutt everybody say Ho ! audience Ho ! honeycutt that 'swhati'mtalkin'bout ! that 'swhati'mtalkin'bout ! I want to be the first to welcome you to the second taping of mantan - the New millennium minstrel show . audience applaud . honeycutt ( cont 'd ) my name be honeycutt and I want to try something different . can you do this for I ? on audience audience yeah ! back on honeycutt honeycutt I be gonna start a chant and I want y'all to follow I . let 's make we own 2 real coon know you be ready to start the show . closer honeycutt ( cont 'd ) let 's go niggers . then clap five time like this . honeycutt clap the cadence . 78 . honeycutt ( cont 'd ) c'mon . it 's easy . it 's the same thing y'all do out at the yankee game , no different ' cept we change one word . everybody go it ? on audience audience yeah ! closer on honeycutt honeycutt alright . here we go . let 's go niggers ! let' go niggers ! close on audience audience let 's go niggers . int . mantan' dressing room on mirror mantan be finish the black . audience ( o.s. ) let 's go nigger ! int . sleep 'n eat' dressing room sleep 'n eat be finish he Black . audience ( o.s. ) let 's go nigger ! int . stage - continuous honeycutt louder . they can not hear you . close on young black woman young black woman let' go niggers ! close on young white male young white male let' go niggers ! 79 . int . mantan' dressing room mantan be apply he firetruck red lipstick . audience ( o.s. ) let' go niggers ! int . sleep 'n eat' dressing room sleep 'n eat 's also apply lipstick . audience ( o.s. ) let' go niggers ! int . stage - continuous they chant be deafen . the audience 's hype . honeycutt you sound so good to I . lady and gentleman , boy and girl , without further adieu , let 's welcome youknowwhoI 'mtalkin'about , you two favorite coon , Da dusky Duo , we star mantan and sleep 'n eat . the audience go crazy as the curtain go up and the house band kick in with the mantan theme . on stage the set be a chicken coop , live rooster and chicken move freely about mantan and sleep 'n eat . they start right into they routine at a furious pace . mantan y'know my lady lucindy ? sleep 'n eat the one with da big ... mantan not she , the one with the little ... sleep 'n eat oh she . mantan tomorrow be she birthday and I want to get she something really nice , like a ... 80 . sleep 'n eat no , not that . how ' bout ... mantan she hate dem . sleep 'n eat too bad . how ' bout a dress ? mantan sleep ' N eat , one of dem slinky , sexy , little foxy ... sleep 'n eat mantan , way too short , too tight . get she one of dose ... mantan ...to big . the in - between one , not too tight , not too lose . sleep 'n eat that will work . I just buy one for myself . mantan cock he limp wrist . the audience roar . sleep 'n eat ( cont 'd ) not for I , my woolly head cotton pickin ' friend for ... mantan I think you get rid of ... sleep 'n eat ... that be Vicki , she best friend . dat dress will cast ya round ... mantan ... that 's too much money . I can not ' ford it . I need I a dress that cost no mo ' than ... sleep 'n eat ... aconite get it that cheap . mantan I will buy she a less expensive dress , so I can have some money leave over to take she out to dinner . sleep 'n eat we should go out on a double date . 81 . mantan I hear ya lady be wild . sleep 'n eat no . that 's she second cousin . who 's marry to li'l bit . mantan oh , because on we first date , she let I ... sleep 'n eat ...no , she do not ... mantan ... yes she do . sleep 'n eat ... I hear different , think that be ... mantan ... not that time ... sleep 'n eat so when be you comin ' to pick we up ? mantan around ... sleep 'n eat ... too early ... mantan ... then what about ... sleep 'n eat ... too late , maybe around ... mantan ... perfect ... sleep 'n eat that 's what I like about you and I . we git along ... mantan ... like macaroni and cheese ... sleep 'n eat ... like grit and butter ... mantan ... like fry and chicken ... 82. sleep 'n eat ... like sleep and eat . off-screen we hear the voice of massa charlie , he 's the overseer of this plantation . massa charlie ( o.s. ) who go in there ? sleep 'n eat we would better hide . mantan it 's that mean , evil overseer massa Charlie . they hide behind some box . massa charlie I say who go in there ? both there 's nobody in here ' cept we chicken . massa Charlie enter the chicken coops with a shotgun blaze . sleep ' N eat and mantan do a jig as they try to escape the buckshot . on audience they be roll down the aisle in hysterics . int . control booth everyone in the booth be laugh uncontrollably . except delacroix . even sloan be die . delacroix who 's side be you on ? sloan I be sorry , I can not help it . it 's too funny . delacroix start to crack a smile . he be definitely try to hold it in . int . delacroix be apartment - night he sit in front of the television , which be off . 83. delacroix ( v.o. ) it be the Day of reckoning . after a massive advertising and publicity campaign ... closer delacroix stare at the blank screen . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... the public would finally get a chance to view mantan . I be feelin ' a little bit like Dr. frankenstein . int . sloan' studio apartment - night sloan , jessica , mantan and cheeba be gather around the television in the small studio apartment , jabber away . delacroix ( v.o. ) what would they reaction be ? I have not the foggiest . sloan everybody shut up . on tv screen we see the open of mantan - the new millennium minstrel show . it be in claymation . mantan and sleep ' N eat be do a " jig . " they nose and lip be do in a grotesque characterization , big wide begroidal nose and juicy red saucer soup cooling lip . honeycutt ( v.o. ) Calling all my cousin , you be about to take a trip down to hang ' em High Plantation , home of you two favorite coon , mantan and sleep 'n eat . on sloan , jessica , mantan , and cheeba mantan be not happy . mantan why they gotta make my nose so big ? cheeba look at my lip . jessica I think it look cute . 84 . on sloan she can not believe she eye . honeycutt ( v.o. ) mantan - the New millennium minstrel show be proudly sponsor by ... on tv screen da bomb product shot and logo honeycutt ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... Da bomb . we will take you there . and ... closer on tv screen timmi hillnigger product shot and logo honeycutt ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... timmi hillnigger . keep it really real . on honeycutt honeycutt ( cont 'd ) we will be right back with the start of we show , but first , a word from we proud sponsor . CUT to commercial # 1 ext . STREET corner - any ghetto , U.S.A . - day the track be booming . the fire hydrant be open on this sizzling day and practically butt naked " playaz " and " hoe " dance in the water . each one be guzzle from 64 ounce jugular of da bomb which be in the shape of a bomb . on honeycutt and crowd he 's in the spot , he 's the spokesperson . honeycutt da bomb . yo . it 's 125 % pure pleasure malt liquor . hoochie # 1 it 's Da bomb , baby . playa # 1 it 's Da bomb , baby . 85 . on crowd nothing but butt and breast gyrate . honeycutt ( v.o. ) clinical testing have find that viagra do not work on black " johnson' . " that 's why we scientist develop Da bomb for you . it make you feel like a man and it make dem bitch feel like Natural woman - I mean Ho 's . playa # 2 it make my nature rise . hoochie # 2 I want to get funked up . honeycutt da bomb - 125 % pure pleasure malt liquor . honeycutt take a big swallow from he 64 oz . jugular . two statuesque lady sandwich he , grind up on honeycutt . he take the jugular from he lip . as he speak , flame come out of he mouth . honeycutt ( cont 'd ) oooooo-weeee !! Da bomb make I wanna get my freak on . two mo ' hoochies honeycutt , let 's get we swerve on@ CUT to commercial # 2 ext . STREET corner - any ghetto , U.S.A . - day a middle - age caucasian male , timmi hillnigger , be surround by a mob deep of hard - look playaz . timmy hillnigger yo , my name be timmi hillnigger . I be bear and raise up in strong Island so you know I know about my peep , my niggaz in the git-toe . I design and own timmi hillnigger 125 % authentic git - toe active wear . dawg # 1 step forward . dawg # 1 hillnigger keep it real . 86 . dawg # 2 step forward also . dawg # 2 timmi 's got all da latest gear . timmy hillnigger if you want to keep it really real , never get out of the git-toe , stay break and continue to add to my multibillion dollar corporation , keep buyin ' all my gear . the timmi hillnigger collection . we keep it so real we give you the bullet hole . hoe # 1 lay in a white thong on top of a white roll -royce . hoe # 1 all my niggaz wear hillnigger or they do not wear a damn thing at all . it 's git-toe fabulous . ext . the white house - night the light be on in the White House . delacroix ( v.o. ) I be sink , dead . my goose be cook . the cat be in the bag and the bag be in the river . int . the white house President Clinton be see behind a tv set laugh he head off . int . the white house - PRESS conference - day the President of the U.S. stand behind a podium and take question from the press . reporter do you watch mantan - the new millennium minstrel show last night ? president clinton yes I do and I can honestly say I feel it promote racial heal . int . dunwitty' office - morning dunwitty , delacroix and sloan be join by a young caucasian woman , myrna goldfarb . 87 . dunwitty I know all of you have see the overnight rating . through the roof . but in this game you gotta be one , two , three step ahead . I introduce you to myrna goldfarb . she 's the best media consultant in the biz . myrna first , I would like to say I love the show . it 's very courageous . my parent march in selma , Alabama with Dr. King . delacroix why be you here ? myrna good question , straight to the point . I like you style . because of the content of the show we can expect some spirite reaction . dunwitty myrna be here to help we plan we strategy . myrna the best defense be offense . delacroix I think it be the other way around . myrna you get my point . I have mapped out some strategy to help bolster we position . sloan which be ? myrna that this be fun . Nice wholesome fun . dunwitty goldfarb , run it down for they . 88. myrna the mantan manifesto . catchy be not it ? number one . we gainfully employ African Americans , in front of and behind the camera . two . let the audience decide . Three . who put this critic in charge ? this so-called cultural police ? four . who determine what be black ? five. mantan be a satire . six . if they can not take a joke , " F " them . dunwitty we all stick to this , it 's smooth sailing . sloan it sound kinda simplistic to I . myrna I have do my research . delacroix this be black folk we be talkin ' about , not some lab mouse in a cage . myrna monsieur delacroix , I get my phd in African - american study from Yale , so I do feel I be qualified . dunwitty let myrna finish . myrna thank you . and always smile . delacroix yeah , show dem pearly white . she ignore he . myrna wear kente cloth , invoke the name of Dr. Martin luther King , use the word " community " often when talk about mantan . and finally we biggest plus be you , Pierre delacroix . delacroix I ? 89 . dunwitty yes you ! myrna this show be create , conceive by you , a non-threatening African - american male . voila . end of argument . it can not be racist because you be black . delacroix I be not black . I be a negro !!! int . cns hallway - post meeting sloan and delacroix be walk in the hallway . they keep get interrupt by people who congratulate delacroix on the success of the show . sloan so you have you small victory , now what ? delacroix a small victory be not that small when you have be use to lose . int . delacroix be office - morning sloan hand delacroix a wrap gift . delacroix what be this ? sloan a gift . delacroix for what ? sloan no matter what you think , you do come up with something unique . open it . delacroix open he gift . it be one of that old cast iron Black colleclecle . this one be call " the jolly nigger bank , " a head of a negro , big lip , big nose , wide eye . sloan ( cont 'd ) put a coin in the hand . he put a quarter in the hand . 90 . sloan ( cont 'd ) watch this . she push the lever and the mouth open , the quarter fly in and he eye go to the top of he head . sloan ( cont 'd ) read it on the back . delacroix read . delacroix the jolly nigger Bank . sloan this be authentic , not a repro , circa turn of the century . delacroix thanks . sloan I think it be appropiate . delacroix be that good or bad ? sloan it 's all good . you get a hit show , you be gonna need a bank . plus , I love this old black colleclecle . delacroix how so ? sloan to I , it show part of we history in this country , a time when we be consider inferior , sub-human . close on jolly nigger bank delacroix put another quarter in the hand and flip the lever . the quarter fly into he mouth as he eye roll to the top of he head . int . wlib - day delacroix be a guest on the gary byrd show . wlib be the number one black talk radio station in the nation . 91 . gary byrd we guest today be Pierre delacroix . he be the creator of the highly controversial tv show mantan . let 's get right into it . you have be call by some in the community a traitor , a sellout , a uncle Tom . why do you show generate such feeling ? delacroix because race have always be a sensitive issue in this country . Gary , I have no problem with people disagreeing with the show , it 's when folk start try to mess with my inherent right as a artist , that 's when I get mad . no one , in any way , shape or form should be censor . gary byrd no matter how sexist or racist the material may be ? delacroix yes . and I say yes because who be to judge ? who be to stand before we and say this be righteous and this be not ? who ? who can play God ? gary byrd but the line have to be draw . delacroix do not you people get it ? we be in the 21st century . slavery be over four hundred year ago . all that stuff people talk in the old day , it 's over . folk always cry , white man this , white man that . let 's all grow up . gary byrd be you try to excuse we holocaust ? delacroix can I finish ? thank you . I have a great aunt , we call she sister . she go to she grave not believe man have walk on the Moon . ( more ) 92 . delacroix ( cont 'd ) when I be a little kid , I would argue with she , " it 's on tv . " she would answer " I do not care what 's on that idiot box . no man be on the moon . " well , there be a lot of you negroes just like my aunt sister . face up to it . the world have change and if you do not adapt , change with it , you will be leave behind . this show be a parody . be you tell I that nobody can use some humor , have some laugh in they life ? be that what you be tell I ? ext . time square - night mantan and cheeba gaze skyward at a behemoth billboard for they show . some people recognize they and start ask for autograph and a crowd form . on mantan and cheeba they be enjoy the adulation . another corner Big Black and the mau -mau 's also look up at the 2 real coons billboard . they face say they be not happy . close on 2 real coons billboard CUT to : close on american flag it blow majestically in the wind . delacroix ( v.o. ) when american people want something , they want it now , they want it big . newsreel footage kid swinging in they hula hoop . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they want the hula hoop ... newsreel footage kid play with they yo - yo 's . 93. delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they want they yo - yo 's . newsreel footage a young girl petting she Pet rock . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) who could ever forget that lovable pet rock . CUT to : int . toy " R " US Parents be fight over beanie Babies . it 's a ruckus . delacroix ( v.o. ) beanie Babies ... ext . time square - night mantan and sleep 'n eat be do a tap dance on the giant diamondvision screen . delacroix ( v.o. ) now the latest , hot , newest sensation across the nation be ... close on mantan and sleep 'n eat delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) blackface !!! blackface montage we see AMERICANS - young , old , black and white in blackface . mantan and sleep 'n eat be # 1 and # 2 in the best - sell Halloween mask . they fly out of the store . we see mantan and sleep 'n eat the dusky duo action doll , backpack , lunch box , t-shirt , jacket , board game , watch , and CD - rom video game . football player , wrestler in black face also . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be the rage . int . recording studio Big Black stand behind 1 /16th Black who sit in front of a laptop computer . 94 . 1/16th black Big Black , I can not log on the mantan website now , it 's overload . delacroix ( v.o. ) the mantan - the New millennium minstrel show at www.nigger.com be get 500,000 hit a day . big black keep try . 1/16th black I be on it . int . car dealer - day a mercede - benz salesman be show mantan all the newest , latest model . int . justine's restaurant - night mantan and cheeba sit at a big table with puff daddy , Andre harrell , Russell simmon and other assort rappers . everyone be drink that dom P. buxom hotty sit in between the big willy . ext . cns build - day a group of protester lead by the reverend jesse jackson and al sharpton carry sign and banner object to mantan . they be call upon the fcc to pull the show off the air and for the boycot of the show 's two sponsor : timmi hillnigger and da bomb malt liquor . on protester the press be watch . int . delacroix be office - day delacroix have now decorate he entire office with Black colleclecle Art . we see black jockey lawn piece , bank , mammy , sign for product , etc . on window delacroix and mantan be look out the office window down on the protester . mantan why be jess and reverend Al down there ? 95 . delacroix so they can be on tv . mantan you sound like the media . delacroix this be nothing . it will blow over by tomorrow . mantan same thing giuliani say . delacroix tomorrow it will be all about cruelty to animal or some sex scandal . besides , there be no such thing as bad publicity . he hand mantan a wrap gift . delacroix ( cont 'd ) Rest you mind . it 's a little something ' something . mantan open it . he pull out a old pair of tap shoe . delacroix ( cont 'd ) that be the last pair of tap shoe wear by Bill " bojangle " Robinson . in fact , he die with they on . mantan start to laugh . delacroix ( cont 'd ) no joke . serious . mantan hope the same thing do not happen to I . that 's some big shoe to fill . delacroix in time . int . recording studio - night the mau - mau 's be in meeting . they all drink 64 ounce jugular of Da bomb , be all attire from head to toe in timmi hillnigger active ghetto wear and brandish they 9' . big black that Tom , that negro ... 96 . double black ... that handkerchief head ... black black ... dance monkey ... 1/16th black ... benedict Arnold ... big black ... that simpleton be hold back the race . they get rid of we and keep that two buffoon , mantan and sleep 'n eat , y'knowwhatI 'msayin ' ? hard black yo , Big Black , sleep ' N eat be not even a nigger , y'knowwhatI 'msayin ' ? smooth black he 's mexican , y'knowwhatI 'msayin ' ? mo black he 's dominican , y'knowwhatI 'msayin ' ? jo black he 's Peter rican , y'knowwhatI 'msayin ' ? big black same thing , y'knowwhatI 'msayin ' , y'knowwhatI 'msayin ' ! 1/16th black we know . we know . yo , check it , my black brother , we can not let this slide . not this injustice . Nah , no way . dem ' two real coon iz ill . big black 1 / 16 , tru ' ' that . true ' that . double black let I gat he . big black Nah , too easy , this have to be symbolic , have to be on the world stage . int . mantan' apartment - central park west - day mantan be show sloan he new residence . 97 . sloan this be a nice place . it must have cost a pretty penny . mantan sloan , I get it like ' that . sloan oh you do , huh ? mantan just a little something ' somethin' . sloan I hope you save a little something ' somethin' . mantan got no intention of end up break . sloan y'know , at the beginnin ' of the century , African - american have to perform in blackface . you ever hear of bert Williams ? he be a great artist . mantan no , before my time . sloan you do not read , do you ? mantan never read a book in my whole life . sloan maybe you need to start . mantan maybe I need to do a lot of thing . sloan bert Williams and the rest , they have to black up . they have no choice . they be consider 3 / 5 ths of a human be . do you know that 's write in the constitution of the United States ? 98 . mantan why all of a sudden be you flippin ' on I ? this blackface thing be part of the deal from the git-go . do not even try to play it like you be not a part of all this . you down with delacroix . sloan I just do not want you and cheeba to get hurt . mantan we can look out for ourselves . int . sleep 'n eat' dressing room - night sleep 'n eat be apply he black face . int . mantan' dressing room mantan also put on he mask . int . stage close on honeycutt honeycutt let 's have a warm nigger applause for we two favorite coon , mantan and sleep 'n eat . two real coons ! on audience the entire audience be in black face . they applaud , yell , cheer wildly . this be become a religious cult . on stage the curtain rise on mantan and sleep 'n eat . they be in a cotton field . mantan I fall out of my bed last night . sleep 'n eat you sleep too near where you get in ? mantan I sleep too near where I fall out . sleep 'n eat you expect the unexpected in circumstance of that peculiarity . 99 . mantan sleep ' N eat , what 's the matter with you ? use all dose ten dollar word ? sleep 'n eat mantan , it be possible that my hyphenate sentence be entirely too complex for all the intellect contain in that diminutive coconut ? mantan hold on , you allegorical hypothesis . do not cross word with I . sleep 'n eat ai not jemima on the pancake box ? mantan dat 's yo uncle Ben . that remind I , I have see a lot of trouble lately . sleep 'n eat how be that ? mantan I do not know who I be . sleep 'n eat well , I will be a Alabama porch monkey 's uncle . mantan year ago I marry a widow who have a grow - up daughter . my daddy visit we often , fall in love with my stepdaughter and marry she . thusly he become my son- in - law and my stepdaughter become my mother because she be my father 's wife . soon after dis my wife give birth to a son , which of course be my father 's brother in - law and my uncle , for he be the brother of my step -mother . my father 's wife also become the mother of a son . he be of course my brother and also my grandchild for he be the son of my daughter . accordingly , my wife be my grandmother because she be my mother 's mother . ( more ) 100 . mantan ( cont 'd ) sleep ' N eat , I be my wife 's husband and grandchild at one and the same time . and lo ' and behold , as the husband of a person 's grandmother be he grandfather , I mantan , become my own grandfather . sleep 'n eat mantan , that sho ' be a whopper . they both start to do the jig . int . control booth delacroix be die laugh . dunwitty you could not hold out any longer , huh ? on sloan she look at delacroix , she face tell we she 's not amused at all . on tv screen the dusky Duo be join on the cotton patch by snowflake , rastus , sambo , nigga Jim , jungle Bunny , aunt jemima , and the Porch monkey Band . mantan I feel a song a comin ' on . sleep 'n eat a song a comin ' I feel . the Porch monkey kick in and mantan sing . mantan I fall right dead in love / wid da sweetest little dove / little lulu snow from Tennessee / she make a slave of I / a ' from she I 'se never free / I would do anything she would ask I to ... sleep 'n eat take over . 101 . sleep 'n eat De money I do save / to that yeller gal I give / for to keep till we be wed / she tell I that nobody would get away that cash / I will take good care of date , she say . everybody join in for the chorus . pikcaninninies she 's de cutest gal in all dis world I know / if you meet she you would say it so / oh , lulu , lulu , ev'ry day I pine for you / no other gal will do / all I have get be yours for life , my little , my little yaller Lou / a week ago that Lou wid anudder nigger fly / take mar money too , all I have / she break mar heart in two / when I hear that she have fly / do you wonder that I feel so bad ?/ she tell I not to cry ' case she do not say good bye / but she would take care of that red / and nobody would get de cash away from she / she would keep she word to I she say . int . recording studio - night the mau - mau clan surround the television monitor , howling in disgust . big black he got to be do . 1/16th black do he got to be . int . conference room - day delacroix be lead the meeting of the staff writer on mantan . delacroix ( v.o. ) to my astonishment , not only do the people in tv land love we , but also the critic . _ 102 . close on delacroix delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) mantan be be hail as groundbreake , barrier break , also earth shaking . I look forward to my award . just vindication for all my hard work , all my talent that have be previously overlook . int . theater - night delacroix sit in tux amongst many star . alec baldwin the winner for best New sitcom be ... the envelope please ... a starlet hand he the envelope . alec baldwin ( cont 'd ) the winner be ... Pierre delacroix for mantan - the New millennium minstrel show ! delacroix jump out og he chair and start sobbing . two usher have to help he to the stage . he be overcome with emotion . the audience be on they foot with a stand ovation . he hug alec baldwin . delacroix alec baldwin , this be the very first time we have ever meet , you do not know this , I be you biggest fan and I want you to have my Emmy . it 's for you , out of the deep bowel of my heart - I do not deserve this . you take it . alec baldwin be shocked . he grab delacroix in a bear hug and they both cry like baby . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) if I do that I would be assure to work forever . delacroix the grateful negro . int . HOTEL ballroom - night delacroix sit at a table in he lucky tux . woody harrelson the winner for best sit-com be ... 103 . Woody open the envelope . woody harrelson ( cont 'd ) ... Pierre delacroix for mantan . come on up and get you Golden Globe . delacroix jump out of he seat and sprint . he get down on the stage and start to breakdance , even spin on he head . delacroix ( v.o. ) that routine would go over like gangbuster . I would be a dance fool , Hollywood 's new favorite negro , move over Danny , Morgan , Samuel L. , move over whoopi . int . conference room - day delacroix be finish up the meeting . delacroix I have it all plan . to the T. int . dance studio - day mantan be run rigorous rehearsal of the pikaninny . over and over , repetition after repetition , snowflake , rastus , sambo , nigger Jim , jungle Bunny and aunt jemima try to do a intricate dance step . mantan I be tired of you pickaninny mess up my choreography . it go like this . mantan do the step with ease . mantan ( cont 'd ) try it again . the dancer do it once more . mantan ( cont 'd ) better . cheeba walk in . mantan check he out . mantan ( cont 'd ) let 's take a ten minute break . they quickly file past cheeba without say a word . the rehearsal space be just the two . 104 . cheeba I be not drink the Kool - Aid . mantan what be you talkin ' about ? cheeba Jim Jones , y'know . I be not drink the Kool - Aid . mantan meaning ? cheeba I be out . mantan good . I have get a break back from carry you all this year anyway . cheeba so that 's what you be do ? mantan damn skippy . cheeba you be in this up till ya neck . mantan do not shoot I , I be just the piano player . cheeba you can walk away . we both can . mantan yeah , that 's easy for you to do . you never have any talent . cheeba I be so tired of you run that . I always work hard for you . you think I be a leech , a kling - on , I quit . cheeba walk out . mantan I be the star of mantan , so you do that . quit , walk away . and do not come crawl back , either . 105 . int . limousine - night mantan and sloan ride in back . he 's still think about cheeba . sloan why do not you call he ? mantan for what ? he leave . not I . ext . apollo theatre - night the limo drive past the World famous Apollo theatre in harlem , a big crowd be in front . tight on theatre it read : mantan the marvelous int . dressing room - night it 's a unruly , fire up crowd that can be hear all the way back here . sloan you be sure this be a good idea . mantan my people love I . he kiss she , she do not resist . sloan I love you . after a long , deep kiss she gently pull back . sloan ( cont 'd ) I will be down front . you better start put you face on . mantan y'know what ? sloan what ? mantan you look beautiful like that . int . apollo theatre - night sloan take a seat down front . 106 . int . dressing room mantan , face already do , put on the firetruck red lipstick . int . apollo theatre sloan be look around this boisterous crowd when she see on the mau -mau be in one of the side box . on big black he wave to he sister . on sloan she know she brother and he clan be up to no good as the house light go black . angle on stage honeycutt walk out on stage . the audience go crazy . honeycutt thank you so very much . show I some love . he laugh . honeycutt ( cont 'd ) thank you . my name be honeycutt and I want to welcome you to a very special evening . it 's always great come back to the World famous Apollo theatre . the audience applaud . honeycutt ( cont 'd ) as everybody know if you can make it here on this stage in front of the most discriminate audience in the world you can make it anywhere . lady and gentleman , let 's show some real uptown love for mantan the marvelous ! the curtain go up and mantan the marvelous stand there , arm raise . he start to do he thing . 107 . on mau-mau BOX led by Big Black , they start shouting insult at mantan . on stage mantan be a pro , he do not stop . in fact , this make he dance harder and harder . on sloan she leave she seat and go to stop she brother . on stage mantan be move and groove . the unrest in the audience have pick up . on audience they start to " boo . " the tide have turn . encourage , the mau - mau 's pick it up another notch . on mantan he 's human after all , and he do hear the boo . do not let that athlete in the papers fool you . you hear the boo and nobody , nobody except Dennis rodman like to be boo . mantan be get rattle . on mau-mau's BOX sloan rush into the box and they be quiet . they do not have to say or shout a thing . the rough Apollo crowd be do it all themselves . two shot on sloan and big black the sister and big brother look at each other . there be no love between they . sloan this do not change a thing . I will still love he . Big Black can not believe what he have just hear . on stage now projectile be raining down upon mantan . this have turn into a ruckus , a brouhaha , a donnybrook . honeycutt race onto the stage to pull off the still tap dance mantan as the harlem native bumrush the stage . the worm have turned . 108 . on mau-mau's BOX mantan , lead by honeycutt , run for he life . on mob they chase he . on backstage door mantan be haul ass . ext . backstage the door crash open , mantan rocket out into a open car door . on car door the door slam . ext . STREET - night the car spin away . int . car - night delacroix be behind the wheel . this be the most shake we have see mantan to date . delacroix pull ya self together . mantan be distraught . delacroix ( cont 'd ) what be you ? a man or a mouse ? be you a punk ? punking out on I ? mantan no. delacroix you get scared because some people do not like what you be do ? mantan yo , dela , they try to lynch my black ass up in that piece . 109 . delacroix you have make it from the guttermost to the uppermost . do not you know you should never let they see you sweat . y'knowwhati 'msayin ' ? mantan yeah . delacroix and now be definitely not the time to bitch up . ext . harlem STREET - night delacroix speed away . int . bet studio - night mantan be on the bet show with host tavis smiley . tavis smiley we guest tonight be the extraordinary , talented performer , mantan . thanks for come in . mantan tavis , thank you for have I . tavis smiley before we begin , I want to thank you for come on my show for you first television interview . you could have choose Mike wallace , Barbara Walters , Jane pauley , what not but you be here . mantan I be more comfortable around my people . tavis smiley let 's jump right into it . you show have spark a world of controversy , provoke a tone of dialogue . how do you see all of this ? mantan yo , tavis , check it out . this be the two -one , the 21st century and it 's all about the money . like my man mase say , " it 's all about the benjamin . " 110 . tavis smiley money and nothing else ? mantan money make the world go round . it be not no joke be poor . I know what I ' mtalki and ' bout . y'knowwhati 'msayin ' ? I have live on the street . I have be homeless . I have learn how to play the game , work the game , be in the game . tavis smiley be it inevitable that the game play you ? mantan no if you go with the flow , tavis . that 's what a lot of negroes do not understand . protest be not gonna do a damn thing . if people do not like we satire in we number one hit show then do not watch it . or better yet write you own show . do it better . tavis smiley do not you feel that be a simplistic retort ? mantan I do not know what a retort be , but it 's simple . mantan - the New millennium minstrel show be universal . it 's not just for negroes in compton or 125th in harlem . this be America . we ancestor help build this country , we get a right , just like everybody else . I be not gonna box myself in . this show make people think , and they be laugh at the same time . tavis smiley I admit , that 's a very hard thing to do . quickly let 's go to the phone before we pay the bill and hear from we proud sponsor , da bomb . 125 % pure pleasure malt liquor . it make you wanna get ya freak on and timmi hillnigger . 125 % authentic git - toe gear when you want to be git - toed fabulous . ( more ) 111 . tavis smiley ( cont 'd ) we first caller be Big Black from Brooklyn . go 'head . on mantan big black ( o.s. ) microphone check , one , two . one , two . yo tavis , I be lovin ' yo show but mantan you be foul . why you perpetrate ? you a sellout . mantan that 's we opinion . big black ( o.s. ) you be a traitor to the race . a tool for the caucasoid . mantan why ? because I be successful ? because I do not use " causcasoid " as a excuse for not fulfil my dream ? big black ( o.s. ) I be not hearing all that noise . you get play and you do not even know it . tavis smiley and Big Black from Brooklyn , what do you do ? big black ( o.s. ) what do I do ? tavis smiley what do you do ? big black ( o.s. ) I be a revolutionary . mantan that 's a job ? big black ( o.s. ) that 's a full time job , especially when sellout like you be run around , act insane . tavis smiley that 's enough . 112 . big black ( o.s. ) and another thing , you better stay away from my sister or you better ... click !!! tavis smiley lady and gentleman , there be no need to go there . we can all agree to disagree without make threat . int . delacroix be office - night sloan turn off the tv . delacroix why would you do that ? sloan I do not want to hear it . delacroix how long have you and hambone be hangin ' out ? sloan you be the one that put we together . we be friend . delacroix that crazy brother of yours do not think so . sloan he 's just play big brother . delacroix oh , be he ? you get jiggy with mantan ? sloan please do not go there . delacroix dunwitty and I feel you have be get too close to he , get he mind all mess up . sloan I can not lie to he . if he ask I something , I tell he what I think . delacroix do you have to be so damn forthright ? 113. sloan dela , you should try it sometime . come into the light . delacroix Light ? sloan that which have be hide in darkness be now in the light . this bucket of blood . delacroix you can talk all that mumbo jumbo if you want to but you hand be much bloody . I know where I make my big mistake . I have a general rule , never get involved romantically with somebody crazier than you . CUT to flashback int . midtown HOTEL room - day delacroix and sloan be take off they clothes . delacroix this be crazy . sloan that 's why it will be so much fun . they kiss , fall half undress upon the motel bed . CUT back to : int . delacroix be office - night sloan that be a mistake , but I do not regret it . delacroix the first and only time . a big mistake . I be gonna have to ask you not to see mantan anymore . sloan work related or otherwise ? 114 . delacroix otherwise . I trust you know the difference . you be a intelligent woman , finish at nyu . sloan dela , kiss my big black ass . delacroix and that 's how you get I in the first place . sloan pull a 3 / 4 inch cassette out of she bag and hand it to he . sloan I want you to please view this . it may save you life . int . mantan' apartment - day mantan and delacroix be in the middle of a heat discussion . delacroix you should not even be mad at I over sloan . mantan what you do be dead wrong . delacroix oh , be it ? buddy boy , in this business if people do not produce , they get fire . mantan sloan be the hardest work person I have ever meet . delacroix let I ask you a question , if I may . how do you think she get the job in the first place ? I do not mean to burst you bubble , mantan the marvelous , but sloan be a opportunity . mantan I do not believe it . delacroix do I have to spell it out for you ? in fact , go ask sloan yourself . 115 . int . sloan' studio apartment - day mantan be grill sloan . mantan how do you get this gig ? sloan worked my black ass off , first as a intern , then work my way up to this position . mantan you leave something out ? sloan after my internship expire , dela be impressed and offer I a position as he assistant . mantan and ? sloan and what ? mantan stop play I sloan . sloan just ask I what you want to know . mantan oh , you gonna make I say it . sloan say what , manray ? mantan do you ever sleep with dela ? sloan we do it one time , only once . it have nothing to do with the job , it be stupid . everything I have get I have earn . mantan aw , c'mon . sloan that 's ancient history . that have nothing to do with you and I . 116 . mantan so you say . sloan , you wuz gonna use I up just like you use dela ? work it to the top . I never imagine people in this biz could flip on you like " IHOP . " I be damn happy dela fire ya ass . sloan forget about I , be you a puppet for dela ? mantan do not try to change to the subject . sloan why do not you answer ? mantan I know I will not be you puppet . sloan you can go now . mantan I wuz leave anyway , for good . int . recording studio - night as usual , the clan be smoking and drink da bomb , a thick marijuana haze hang over the studio . 1/16th black yo , I get da bomb plan . we gonna hook homeslice mantan up nicely . he hold up a floppy disk . int . delacroix be office - night delacroix sit behind the desk . he 's buy even more Black colleclecle , he 's surround by they . on delacroix he dial the phone . delacroix hello , mommy , how be you ? 117 . orchid ( o.s. ) I be do okay . be read about you show , it 's all over everywhere . I watch it 's all over everywhere . I watch it once . I think you say there would be no buffoonery . delacroix you go to attack I too . the show be a hit . be not you happy for I ? int . orchide house orchid of course I be happy for you . you have work very hard for you success . delacroix ( o.s. ) yes I have , very hard . have daddy call ? orchid no . on delacroix delacroix not at all ? orchid ( o.s. ) you know how you daddy be . delacroix if and when he call , please do not forget to ask he if he 's see mantan . orchid ( o.s. ) I will not forget . when be you come up here to see you mother ? delacroix soon. delacroix hang up the phone . he take out some change from he pocket and put a quarter in the hand of he jolly nigger Bank . tight on jnb delacroix flip the lever and the quarter fly into the mouth as the eye roll to the top of its head . 118. delacroix do this several time . closeup of the black collectible in the office . closer on jnb delacroix be stare at the jnb when its mouth open , a quarter fly in and its eye roll to the top of its head . on delacroix he be incredulous . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) when I think or imagine that my favorite jolly nigger Bank , a inanimate object , a piece of cold , cast iron , be move by itself ... delacroix slowly , carefully approach the bank and pick it off the table . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... I know I be get paranoid . do I really see what I see or be I buggin ' ? on jnb it 's stop move . int . stage - night honeycutt be warming up the craze " Black face " - wear audience . he point to a young white male , bobby honeycutt be you a nigga ? bobby Hell yeah , I be a nigga . the audience cheer wildly . honeycutt point to a old white lady , louise , a senior citizen . honeycutt ma'am , be you a nigga ? louise yesiree Bob , you darn tootin ' I be a nigger . the audience lose it as honeycutt hug Louise as if she 's a grandmother . 119 . int . mantan' dressing room - night mantan look up at he makeup laid out before he on the counter . tight on mantan he stare at himself in the dress room mirror . mantan can not stand to black up anymore . int . stage - night honeycutt stand next to a young black couple tre and stacy . honeycutt be you a nigger ? tre yo ! honeycutt be you a nigga ? stacy honeycutt , I be a really real niggress . stacy get a stand ovation . honeycutt you . you. him. her. we be all God 's niggas . even the lose soul who do not know it be niggas cuz niggas be a beautiful thing . int . backstage - night as mantan walk down the hallway we notice he be not dress in he costume and he have no black face on . ext . sleep 'n eat' dressing room - night a Worker be painting over sleep 'n eat 's name on the door and replace it with honeycutt mantan they do not waste any time , do they ? int . control booth - night the phone ring next to delacroix and he answer . 120 . delacroix delacroix . what ?! I will be right down . dunwitty look at he . int . backstage - night delacroix be meet by bunning , the stage manager . bunning you better talk to he . he will not listen to I . delacroix walk over to mantan who stand in a corner . delacroix mantan , we get a show to tape . mantan my name be manray , goddamnit . delacroix kook and the gang , it 's manray . let 's do the taping . you go back to you dress room , get dress and blacken up . manray I be not playin ' myself no mo ' . delacroix how you sound ? manray I will not do it anymore . delacroix manray , I be very sorry about ya boy cheeba and sloan . believe I , it give I no joy pull ya coattail about she , just lookin ' out for a brother . I feel you , all this stuff happenin ' at once but you can not let if affect you work . you gotta be professional . manray I be always gonna be that . but I be not do no more buck dance . delacroix no costume . no blackface . 121. manray no. no. manray lead the way to the stage . bunning I should notify dunwitty . delacroix and I should put my foot dead up in yo ' ass . bunning I will not be hold responsible . int . stage - night honeycutt stand in front of the draw curtain . honeycutt we apologize for the holdup but without further delay , lady and gentleman , boy and girl , let 's give it up for mantan . a thunderous roar from the studio audience . honeycutt ( cont 'd ) c'mon , do not be niggardly , give it up . show mantan some love . the curtain rise and manray stand before they in he regular street clothes and no black face . on audience the thunderous roar be CUT off like the light , like con edison pull the plug when you don't pay the bill . int . control booth - night dunwitty be hysterical . dunwitty stop the tape . stop the tape . delacroix . get I delacroix . int . stage - night manray speak to the silence . _ 122. manray cousin , I want all of you to go to you window . go to you window and yell , scream with all the life you can muster up inside you assault , bruise amd batter body . on manray manray I be sick and tired of be a nigger and I be not gonna take it anymore . on various audience member Black and white . male and female . Young and old . all in black face . on manray he collapse onto the stage and the audience sit on they hand . manray get up and begin to dance . on stage dunwitty run to bun . dunwitty Drop the curtain . Drop the curtain . bun drop the curtain . Security rush onto the stage and grab manray . dunwitty ( cont 'd ) escort he out the building now ! manray I be not finish do my dance . dunwitty but you be finish . done. nigga 's like you be a dime a dozen . I be gonna slide honeycutt right into ya spot . we will not miss a step . get he outta here . the security guard move manray as dunitty glare at delacroix . honeycutt be all smile , he 's be bump to the top . dunwitty ( cont 'd ) dela , I will deal with you next . 123. ext . backstage the security guard toss manray out the stage door . manray look down the alley and it 's empty except for a park suv . he pick himself up and do a joyous dance . this be manray 's dance of freedom . on STREET the Big Black chevy suburban creep down the alley to a dance manray and come to rest right in front of he . manray try to shield he eye from the hi-beam headlight . manray whaddup ? no one come out . manray ( cont 'd ) whaddup ? the door open and the mau - mau 's file out . big black you truly be a dance fool . 1/16th black yo Black , you look for trouble . manray do not start none , will not be none . the mau - mau 's be die laugh . manray try to walk through they . they block he . manray attempt to climb over the suburban . he 's quickly nab , give a good ole Brooklyn beatdown , then throw into the rear of the vehicle . ext . empty brooklyn STREET - night the mau - mau mobile roll up to a abandon factory . on chevy suburban the mau - mau 's quickly carry manray out from the back of the vehicle into the factory . int . factory - night manray sit , foot and hand tie , in the middle of a cavernous space . a digital video camera stand on a tripod in front of he . big black you be one dead nigger . 124 . manray what do I do ? big black what do you do ? the mau - mau 's laugh . big black ( cont 'd ) Brothers , he ask what do he do ? double black if you do not know there be nuthin ' we can do for you . big black nigga , you will be execute . on manray his face say he can not believe this be happen . manray for sing and dance ? 1/16th black you will be do in front of the world . mo black the whole world will be watch . 1/16th black via the internet . delacroix ( v.o. ) the mau - mau 's have come up with a brilliant , sadistic plan to broadcast mantan 's execution live over the internet . 1/16th black we have pirate broadcasting facility . no way we can be find out . we be in cyberspace . jo black nobody will find you till it 's too late . montage various newsroom , computer screen , people run , shouting , yell over phone . 125 . delacroix ( v.o. ) the mau - mau 's send anonymous e-mail proclamation to the website of CNN , ABC , MSNBC and CBS . it be a invite to witness the dance of death , 9 pm , prime time , tomorrow night on a site to be designate at a later date . int . FBI headquarters - night delacroix and cheeba be be interrogate in two adjoin space . we be see they through the two - way mirror . delacroix ( v.o. ) it 's no joke get grill by the FBI for five hout . delacroix scream . delacroix ( cont 'd ) I do not know anything . FBI agent we know you be involved in this abduction . int . interrogation room - night cheeba you know more than I . why would I do something like that to my best friend ? why ? FBI agent # 2 you tell we . ext . FBI headquarters - night it 's a mob scene as the media frenzy heighten . delacroix and cheeba try to fight they way through the print and broadcast journalist try to question they as they leave FBI headquarters . delacroix ( v.o. ) somehow , someway , somebody have tip the shark off . it be a feed frenzy . delacroix and cheeba start push people out of the way as they get in to they wait car . 126 . int . x-force war room - night there be a flurry of activity - people man phone , computer all hi - tech . delacroix ( v.o. ) the X - Force be bring onto the case . when something involve the internet , this be the people IBM , xerox , the CIA , FBI , even the US government go to . on clock it read " t- minus 19 hour 22 minute . " delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it be a race against time . the dance of death . int . cns studio - night dunwitty be taping a spot . dunwitty hello , my name be Thomas dunwitty . I be the senior v.p. of the entertainment division here at cns . I come to you with a heavy heart . int . sloan' apartment - continuous she 's watch dunwitty on tv . dunwitty this abduction be a cowardly , vile , sinful and dastardly act and I promise this creep will be prosecute to the fullest extent of the law . this be a attack on you american way of life ... int . delacroixx apartment he 's watch the same . dunwitty we here at cns be offer a $ 100,000 cash award to any information that lead to the safe return home of we dear friend , mantan . 127 . int . cns studio on dunwitty dunwitty help we and in addition you will get a guest - star speak role on the next mantan - the New millennium minstrel show , plus a add bonus : a lifetime of Da bomb 125 % malt liquor . let 's you get ya " freak on " , as well as a full wardrobe of timmi hillnigger active git toe wear . mantan , may God bless you ... int . x-force headquarters - day delacroix and sloan hurry to stay with barnett , he 's the commander of the X - Force . barnett let 's go , time 's waste . int . x-force war room they follow barnett into the war room . barnett they send the notice out on a anonymous remailer . sloan a what ? barnett it 's use to mask the origin of a email , also the computer from which it 's send . delacroix there oughta be a law ... barnett not yet , anyway , it 's legal . we will find the source where it 's be broadcast and host . we will get the people that bushwhack mantan . sloan before manray be dead ? 128. barnett I can not answer that . on clock it read " 6 hour 16 minute . " montage Police squad , swat team be busting into the wrong home , apartment , project , hi-tech computer lab look for the mau-mau 's . delacroix ( v.o. ) swat team all up and down the East Coast bust in on know dissident look for manray . all the tip call in , info gather through surveillance prove for naught . int . x-force war room barnett the both of you should go home . we will keep you abreast . sloan this be look like a needle in a haystack . it 's hopeless . delacroix hold sloan as he lead she out . she be have difficulty breathe with she asthma . delacroix thank you for you help . barnett the X - Force always get they man . int . delacroix be apartment - night he sit in front of he giant screen , on the desk in front of he be the 3 / 4 inch cassette sloan give he . he pick it up and turn it on . delacroix ( v.o. ) it be ten o'clock and the dance of death be about to commence . 129 . on monitor delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) since a lot of people still do not have computer , the network seek a court order to carry it live , take the feed off the internet . it be grant . a life snuff broadcast right into you live room . on delacroix delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I have to give it to the mau - mau ' , they definitely have a sense of irony . they choose www.nigger.com as the website to pirate . int . factory - night the mau - mau 's ironically wear white mask , they stand behind the tie - up mantan . a device alter they voice . big black we be live on the cyberspace . whereas mantan be a tom ... black black whereas mantan be a disgrace ... smooth black whereas mantan be a head-sching , foot-shuffling negro ... 1/16th black whereas , whereas , where 's the ass ? the mau - mau 's laugh . big black whereas mantan the dance fool , you be condemn to death . jo black the dance of death . 1/16th Black unty manray . montage we see delacroix , sloan , cheeba with lourdese , dunwitty , junebug and dot , orchid , the x-force watching this spectacle on computer or tv screen . 130 . on computer screen we see a cartoon , yosemite Sam be shoot at the foot of bug Bunny with he six - shooter in each hand . bug Bunny be do a fast dance , dodging bullet . on monitor the mau - mau 's shoot at the foot of manray . big black dance nigger . manray tap . smooth black you get anything to say for yourself ? manray if you be gonna kill I , kill I . smooth black do not worry . int . sloan' apartment - continuous she be have a asthma attack , it be bring on by the proceedings . sloan use she inhaler . int . factory - night each mau - mau have a 9 mm and be fire it at the foot of manray . they scream " faster ! " and " dance ! " manray be hoof . he 's never tapped this fast , at this breakneck pace , ever . but it 's evident he dance be one of defiance . he 's not dance to stay alive . int . delacroix be office - continuous he scream at the monitor . delacroix do not dance . do not do it . int . factory the mau - mau 's have notice manray 's strong will , he pride and they do not like it . they shoot even more at he foot . big black you be not blak . double black blak you be not . 131 . smooth black you a oreo . not blak . not blak . the mau - mau 's start to chant , " blak , blak , blak . " int . sloan' apartment she hear this and quickly pick up the phone to call the authority . int . factory manray there be nothing you can do to I . I be wear the tap of Bill " bojangle " Robinson . manray be shot in one foot . then the other . big black let 's seeya dance now , Mr. bojangle . manray somehow manage to right himself and start to dance again . the mau - mau 's can not believe it . on manray he dance like he life depend on it . despite the fact he foot be a bloody mess . big black ( cont 'd ) you ain ' blak . he shoot manray in the chest , the mau -mau 's follow he and he do a spastic last jig as the 9 mm bullet riddle he twitching body . on tv screen it go black . montage helicopter fly through the night sky . cop car and truck , swat team vehicle be on the move . siren blare . int . delacroixx office delacroix 's head be on he desk . he have be cry . on cue the Black colleclecle start to move . the jolly nigger Bank , aunt jemima 's , mammy , etc. , they be animated for real . 132 . on delacroix his head pop up as he see the object . he too be in blackface . in a rage , he start to throw they against the wall . delacroix leave I alone . get away from I . you spearchucker . you black sambo . you nigger pickaninny . fat mammie . delacroix have finally lose it . he look at the shamble he 's make of he office . ext . factory - continuous the mau - mau 's come out of the factory high as a kite . each have a big fat joint or a 64 oz . of da bomb . they be also do a free-style rap about they execution . on chevy suburban they get in when the squak of police walkie-talkie 's click . big black it 's the man ! what follow be a horrifying display of firepower . all the mau -mau 's body be do the bonnie and clyde sonny corleone dance of death as bullet tear into they and the suburban . not one of they be able to get a shot off . the shoot stop . the twitching stop . all 's quiet . 1/16th Black come out with he hand up . 1/16th black do not shoot ! do not shoot ! I have be hold hostage . they make I part of they against my own free will . do not shoot ! the cop quickly pounce on 1 /16th Black . 1/16th black ( cont 'd ) I be white . I be white ! look at I , I be white ! int . delacroixx office delacroix be on the floor when the doorknob turn . it 's sloan and she have a gun in one hand and she inhaler in the other . she 's wheeze like mad . sloan get up and put that tape in . 133. she point the gun at he head . sloan ( cont 'd ) do what I say . delacroix take the cassette tape off he desk and put it in the 3 / 4 inch desk . sloan ( cont 'd ) do not make I have to use this . delacroix I do not think this be in you study at nyu . delacroix hit the play button . on screen image . history . visual . sloan have put together a tape of the worst , most racist , stereotypical image from cinema and tv over the last 100 year . with this image there 's also a laugh - track . sloan watch this . this be what you contribute to . because of you , manray be dead . mu brother 's dead . it 's all because of you . delacroix can not watch the monitor . delacroix I be sorry . I do not know anyone would get hurt . I be sorry , please give I that gun before you hurt yourself . give I the gun . he reach for it . boom ! sloan scream . sloan I tell you but you would not listen . you never listen to I . delacroix give I the gun . she reluctantly hand it to he . delacroix ( cont 'd ) go , get out of here . go home . sloan run out . delacroix slump to the floor , wipe her fingerprint off the revolver . 134 . on delacroix he look at the monitor , the tape still play . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) as I ble to death , as my very precious life ooze out of I all I could think of be that I never make my father proud . my mother do not count . on screen we see step 'n fetchit , mantan moreland and willie best . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) everything I do , no matter how great or small , be always extraordinary to she . with daddy it be a different ball game . he never see I . Pierre delacroix . on delacroix a pool of blood have form around he die body . delacroix ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) now it be time to buy the farm , for I to meet my maker . Goodbye cousin , and please tune in next week for the best of mantan - the New millennium minstrel show . on screen we see mantan in blackface do he buckdance close on delacroix he look at mantan . delacroix ( cont 'd ) for the love of Joseph and Mary , what have I do ? my God , what have I do ?! delacroix slump over dead . CUT to : 135 . archival footage of malcolm X malcolm X you have be have . you have be take . you have be lead astray . run amok . you have be bamboozle . fade to black . the end . end credit .