ogbtbbs ... cee ee ete barbershop ' Mark Brown revision by Don D , Scott ext . ineier , gity bloce - just before dam completely desert as snow flake fall , church . liquor store . Rib joint . hegerd atera . beauty parlor . barrerebop . across the ebreet a - — conver terce : store gmall store with grand open banner on the window . fuony , the other business have a roll dewn barrier cover the eitraoce . suddenly wa rocket coward the eterd . and with a deatane crash wa literally collide with the store front . int . convenience store - night so0 od as a black man ( we do not see hie facel enter the fyane - atreorwe ! he 's entangy in the Grand open Banner . real tine as che man smashes through a shelf hold pickle '' egge . we travel with bin é0 mpb as he slide acrepa the floor then slaw into AK ATM . the light apark I , the stere alarm wail . . slow pull back 70 '' reveal -- a bg , black , ford pice - up truck farbed backward in the midgle of the store . debris everywhere . _ a flashligrt suddenly beam right at camera -- mrf ( 64.1 get that dame flashlight out my face ! the flaghiight swing arcund and we get glimpsis of the destruction but we can not see any face . tust silhouettes and movement . . ° triff [ 0.5.1 ] ' cont ' D ) * wibat be ato with you ? . af thief : with flasaligat io . s. ) it think I hear you say go . thief { 0.8.3 I do not say shit ! thief with flashlight ( 0.8.1 hold up , last thing I yamenber wag you talkin’ hour Linda from Park View . and you say . thief ( 0.5 . '1 ane ? ( corp thuen ) coat intel : thief with flashlight ( 0.$.1 yo , you see what I '' sayin 's ? Ho soumd like gh . , moment later ... a heavy chain ig throw around the eat . the other and of the chain attechec to che back of the truck . the thief hustle heck ineide the truck . then . tire surshch . chain goe taut . ' the bumper tear right off the truck frame and ley in the gtreet as truck spread away . then truck slam of brake . back up . the thief hep out , screanibia the pick up che bumper then be - attach tha chain . they hop hatk in the truck . then tire screech . chan gors tait . the ATM rip up from the floor of the store , nolte and tile work fly everywhere . '' tne ATM ewinge through tha air attach to the chain , slame a shelf of beez ehen saile out the nole in the store antranca , bouncer off the sidewnlk and vanish info the darkness . ext . modest hone - moreing estab . shot as sun rise on a crisp winter morning . int , modest home , basement - morning '' calvin palmer , JR . ( 30 , black} , in pajamas bot wear protective eye goqgy and hold a solder qun as he meld twe wire together . we move along tht wite go atroz the socom and up inte some sort of converter boat a top of atv . then -- a lod pop ! then a spark travel all the way acroge the wire , up ante the comverter bex -- tha box hiowe spare . the 4 screen explode saiding . glae acraze the eatement - floor . cakvin aiet up : he goggle in shock , then - semnifer ( 28 , black ) : falvin 's peauediul aod very preamapt wife , appasr at the hettem of the basement etep . she see '' the amoke t/ , not pleased at all . . jennifer . : calvin , wdar be you boing ? calvin . this that new converter box I tell you about . let 's yor gat local channel of ff any batellive in the world . - ( mere ) ( contthued | continied : calvin ( cont 'd ) iogot a heok ap tc sail ‘am . baby , ikt 'a go 's pit we ever the top . . jenniper . that 's what you say shout the --ebhire company and thod# herbalife vitamine . calan why you brinein ' up that ? this a whole new thing . calvin grine then raach inte he pocket and pull ouk a fold pisce of paper . he unfold it , lay it across the table -- a magayine phot of a huge madison estate . calvin 1cont * dh '' sec lie ? it 's Oprah 's ' mest . house . like if stedman act up this where he gatta sleep . jenifer okay ... why do you have this ? calvin tima fey ie for you ... fight after we sorner the iree satellite market . _ deonifer can not contain ber smiig . temneeer : Galvin , it 's @ a'cleck . you be lata for _ werk . bivimorccou 20 minute later talvin be now dresad , slip on hie jacket as he heade 2 ° kine door . jenn + ter stapes out of che kitchen . . jennifer flyin he step , chink he 's in troubl* . but he turn around anet gennifer grab he face with both band and smack a big kiss on he tip . he smile . calvin what be thar for ? temnifer . it 's bean a whele year '' since you tack - over the paxber shop . you have stick it out and I be 80 proud of you , you father 's be proud of you | shoo . ( coneemted ) cont iavied : she give hii another kie . this one mere tencer . talvin try the emile , out a ewlhward smija as if he hes ges . ext . barbershop - morning - by pontiac Grand prix $ E pull up to the curb in frent of the barbershop . 4 brisk morm . fresh show on =o ground . the pontiac backfize joudty , repeatedly . cabvin step out of the pontiac carry & kriapy kreme ' bag . '' a cup of coty . une mam paper . he hear a alamm and look ..- across the STREET ak the convenience atera , a gape hale where the entrance | use to be . the alarm jis btill blaring . 4 black , older model _ yercede pull up in front of the convenience store . swami ( 43 , vakisteni ) jump gut - yune to lhe entrance . he 's let out a ploodourdling sereas and drop to he xneas - on calvin s4pking he head in disquat . calvin ( yell across atreet ! 's stay stcrorg brethal stay streng ! calvin make he way to the rell dewn barrier . wma 's voice galvirl taivin cuzn he head to see janelle ( 35 , black ] walk up to divas , the beauty parloy text door . calvin roll he eyss - calvin _ ( fake erile ) . bey , janelle . - .. her ' snocked expression be on the convenienna store . janelle : ik 's always pumpin’ on seturdey . can you . believe that , calvin ? . calvin move quickly the get inside as janelie keep rambling . ye know just hew to open hie gate -- kick the betvan of it , pound the top with he fist then hin check the middie of it , he lift the gata with ease , _ ( continued ) cowl inued : janelle ( cont o ) ya jaw Sheila dehnson 's soy get a drug problem . you think in be hin ? calvin . T do not imow , - janelle . gotta go . felvin siip into the barbershop . int . barbersegp — morkting in the shop 's window we noty a sign , '' establish in 1588 " right next to a old red and white stripe barker pole . fa calvin remove he post be flick on the Light awitck . but tne ligh Zlicker chen goea out . he poll his pye cher wala over to 4 fuse bom . fiddle with sama switch , che ligat eame back on . not glarcas atound : Hair oo the fioor . Water spot on she wall , a ligne fixture henge crooked , a oublet have eleetrical tape cver it . a large tin can wwaich have '' jan' shor fund ? erched on ik . : calvin shax he head then netice # pile of bill on his eounter -- pink aod yellow one thet say late , past 's oue -. he walk co a barber chair -- the thair -- the one eurcheg : in the back but face foasward with the bast view of the entire shen . de rest he hand on at then glance up ac - ~ large colorfid zu ) mural . ernie barne - style , 6 x '' BT , depict Galvin , calvine frgier , and barbere from tne past . talvin focus on hia father . calvin . : t do not know now you do it -- # 2 uck ain here all this year . , .. calviw' father seem to lock dewn at rim frdm - the miral with tatherty eye ab calvin stere up wait for a anewer . celvin 's father seem the stare out at the shop . calvin turn and take dt all i : red vinyl barber chair . hair sheen , canister of tax . jar of fornalderyde with submerge afro fick . autographed photus of famgg black people . 20 year old jet . magarine . the '' poster [ you know the ome ) wite headshot of the 30 haircut pusstrility for a black man ithis poster be . from 1923 so imagine ... ) . : 7 ( continued ) cont iavjel + faivin sigh . open bis krispy kreme bag , pull gut a genut and take 2 huge bite . % louo knock of the glass a007 - caivin ig startle , drome the domub . 2t roll across the floor and stop in . a small pile of afro hair . he qiance jp yery annoyed ard see5 — > . a cheen cur black man in @ suit , briefcase , bank manager . calvin go and unlock the door . jet 's he - in- bak manager . hey , calvin . mo ' " ( glance hack out window ! thet hampenad acrosa the street ? woe '' cabvin this neighborhood je gettin’ worse every ' year . .80 do you have goad news for I ? . - bank manager I be afraid nat --- customer lahar , 9 brotha jin a cheas guit that 's way toa small and real nappy hair , , poke he head in tha door . customer lamar falvin , . I need a cut . like haw you do ronnie last week ... . ltum he head indicate and spask real fast ) __ daiptle off the ton , long of tne bask . but not quite a shag , slope to she Left dike gumby , Eddie munster ' in the front . & o1i1 wyelef om the vight . -- ' de. you have any money ?. | beat . - . customer lamar '' '' you koow I 'ma pay you back , I gotta jon interview . oo . calvin . camar , I be not givin 's you a free hade . cut , thie be not .mo charity , it 's a ' business . Le igowtintet '' 1 continued : ( # 1 customer lamar you father woulda hook ir uD . lazar helé a stare of calvin before he duck back out . carvin ° {to Bank manager| you aee woy I de not make any money ? . ban. maager , the bank can not give you ancther loan . calvin . we give you a small susinass Joan amg a grant , but you use . they on you other '' business venture . " - you. know '' — wanna heip you , but if you de not pay choose properky texea by manday , the bank 's 11 forecleée on the shop . : ( beat ! '' tm sorry . wank wanacear pat calvin on . the ' shoulder then walk out . ‘alvin look very concerned . he walk up to the pile - af bilis , he 's stress . he mace for a moment the walk over | to ehe phone . he pick wp the dial . but feel ais father 's image shaping dow az he . he look at the phone . then he £ er again . he burn he back to he father and reach tc be > bot pe heaicate . -- he teach for the phone key again , hesitates again . finely , not dial . thea . calvin : ( into phone} oe hello ?... me. wallace , it 's calvi ( beat , intimidate ) - Mo , no ...1... 2 be not aveidiog you . . 1 just be ... you kmow ... thinkin ' abaut you offer and .... okay ..- see you soon . rm , '' gavin . hang vp , ° '' he ' think about what he 's : dome . then he " - . 's out & sigh , thitks maybe ‘he 's do the zight ching - ' then glance uoiar he ) farhet - — '' orlin icone bi ' I just gott do my own , ching . calvin look down , and apate che errant domt. , pick i* up . close on calvin and the dirty dowt ag he pick dff a few hair . calvir leok diractly : nce camera - shrug - pop the donuc inte he mouth . just over hia shoulder be a sign we do not notice before . =t read : cleanliness im meat po gogliness , int . '' flower , shop - late morning where a o1@ Korean woman ait bahing the counter pruning tose . she s¢ema distracue . every few second sic glance acrsag the ster . where 's a overweigh young llack man stand scuopefy in tront of e large display of multi-cotior rose . . dinka cate , black ) look as though he 's never see a rise before , forgive bim , he 's foreign . nigerian in facc . no matter , confuse logke che same «everywhere . '' fhe old kezesn woman step from behind the counter and mare fer way toward dinka and the reese diaplay .. her frail , diminutive frame practically guide across the floor . korean , wha 4 ° ( apian accent ) '' whe. for ? dinea { African accent : : : : ohow.laas wuuuuuth , chhahbhhh , a ... . . : rorean woman . gird , mo dinka . . fes. ihaat ) the most peautiful gir} in the world . korean woman you want boom-hoom ? , dirka bbop ' cold . | pate the? kerean woman . burgas - hex hipe .. several , '' ghortj croteh jab into mid-air . . . rno '' koream dioman boom-boom ! boom-boom ! you want ? ' dinka ig noreified . dinka thacka up ) no ... no boom-hoom ! juse keep the . shore ) . ( continued ! _ newspaper under ati aad wearang hie princaten universicy - , bomber sackett . he notice lint op he jacket . ' flick i. of thah step rap io the aownt .. -. 's bop the 2 continued : : L - , dinka [ cont D ) . ancient chinese secret to yourse_fi . T ' gun 's t peed to know it - : korean womal . : - , , - bol he ? no ! girl you tary flower fort br beat . dinka gqriag big . he understand a : diwea . - ridiligggsant ! br heat and ' chen ... borean woman : a . you want beom-boom . you ge rad , lot and - lece af vad . . so tht , apartwent - morning . -o41s2 dn backpack where rough ' and cablouse hand pack clipper and gombe . to the right of the bag die the optional yoo0l for the inne : city barber . & slock $ rm pistol . picky nash ( 20' , slack ) cinch un the n&ckpack . with he baggy jeans , spotless tinke , and a mobley of tar coveriog hig neck and heavily nuecled torso he in the absolute empgdiment of a culture unto itsel£ . thag nigga extrene - ricky sling the backpack over hic shoulder then pick ur ihe '' ' glock -- he hesitates with the gun , he set it back , down , . doea not need it amymerk . puek that -- he pick it up again . neste it a the mall of hia back and dart out of the dear . int . starsocks . - day tm mes ( 20 *s , black} . stand in ine : at Starbucks , .- . stabbuce crsrier - demije brightly ?! helle , what can I gat you ? gay - . okay ... i' 11 have @ grande tripla non-fat ..- half deeaf , soy mik , prenck roast . caramel cappaccine with 3 splash of : fazelnut , orange extract . and extra foam vo : in a separate cup . : . . . . {baat ! ( more ! ( continced ! | continued : : taser icont ' dt ) . ince you guy aever get it right til have the spoon jt on myself - statouck cashier 's 's smile be tow go . and the guy work che cappuccino machine hear everything , ¢.aree over a sstack of eup inaulted . Jimmy holde he growne - : ext , starbucks - day Jimmy step out of Starbucks with he " will cup . he eniit '' he cappuccino than paajse , make ? = face -- . ot damo ! ha burn axound and march . back inside . '' ext . sfowey palm froject - day jd and bilay ( noth 20' , plack ) , simaggle to carry 3 large ebject drape in a dirty nad sheet up a staizmwell . they be sweat becalse this toing be beau . gach atep ia - iike a mountain . bur at the top bf the atair be a large fat black #e lack dom on thai . go glance up at fat Black man whe . begin nonehalantly walk down right towards chem . vo. ' leak at he like " you be iidd . vight ?* fat han qiarag , coatinve come . jd muff in frustratior than staris go m down with she at , he and billy withe : ing under the weight - we herr incessant kneck in che £.g . tr fact , that be ali we beat . | . female voice ( 0.5 - ) fever tne knock ! : open the door Kevin ! I snow you be 's in there ! to not make I kick this muiucke down ! I koow you get some srank trick up dn there ! . . : we adrift up cwe fhooe be -+ terri jone ( 20 , black ) , pleasaotly plump , the cwnex of yoice hear round the projecta . she pound on the goor - . the door opana . in its place stand a tall , impeccably groom , pretty - boy cling in T-shirt and sweat . kevin king 10' , black ) yewne . : terri tanary ? why gid not you answer the dear ? T be sayin’ , like , you know 1h wee I . ( comtinued * continued ren . tarri . T work a dowhie qast wight . 1 gat home two pour bat . . terr ) tela kee - she clearly haa not idea , Kevin gently grab qerri 'a hand - guide ner =ceg the . - - yar . eein be one roos stupio abartvent | - continue no wola , wich lene air bit om the bed ' get dress . Kevin s865 she , stop in he track and keer tayti £ram eam im . the woman gourrle amdermneath the bed , they hevin jet 's tecrd in . terri site down of she hed - : " ole underneath sed a6 the spring push down from terri 's weight sight ye to the woman 's 5 face , she curn she head and hex lope bed flow out fram under wae bad . right under terri - three ffocus of Kevin tt know i crip gomebime bul ... 7 lowe you eo much end , like , I get one ft ge not even kagw who 7 a palit the care . - it 's hard for I to Cope with cnat snit . perri look al Kevin lovingly then ber foot adjuste ane uabemmownst to ' nex , stef down orto fhe wwemari 's 5 axpose heir - angle under bed bs woman try £ 0 slide out the other side . nut hey hair swag . she see terri 's big toot plant or it . fevin . terri , de not you hmog yeu my girl ? what = popk itke even thinkin ' sbott somebody eaeet fe you wann know how F really fen} just chink Bout cheat pabylace aeng . . terri _ - frouch ) * . weich ome ? 0 0 as a -+ 0 ) kevin ' ( sa not remember , than all of ' 2m . terri be 50 touch a tear fable - revin lean dou and embrace she in & hug . Fe look over terri 's snowider 86 he woman pop up on the other side of the bad with mohair — apy . Kevin be surprised , dee a double take . ¢heaght she hair be teal - the wome tap toe toward the bathroom . ( qont inued ) dont enued : marti look dew a the fioar . | . she then angrily pic : up cme tialt - tevin oft penind terri . the oman grade ' phe dc -- make che pair . bae shove pararoom door kniok . '' tran a click sound ! terri wring around , yook signi at er - wom lack at terri : =a tere '' ymo be phat bitch ? Kevin stare be the wovtrn . still in shock that she 's bald . terre erand over ner large bnd fist come right at camera . je y do not be ! that bald head git} . sman . break zor the pedroom door - off , bet the womet stutter btep , spin and get around eo verr etick ber arm to ro the flecr- woman then look up ato '' ext . babbershop * late morn dg the block 1 p alive 1 ! pellice have rape off ehe fren : and ope 's & hate nnd maile . phe beauty par . becbersbor . be open fgz msiness . fly 4 colare oil in and we . ' some step t? gawk at che gine be deteceiva - arore with the hole in it : gyreet flava record pip hop head for the latest squed - macedonia afternoon finde .- + ricky officer mili abpaut .. syami , # '' i1 clad som eor ted by perc jump up to out and clothessine che ef tha Te charge . gerri 's big corrrenitice slare - in he . pajamas : be tor next bo the haney of ail shape . pap int the racerd stare baptist chorch , seem to pe wind up. for paturdey 7 a fohioner jek bneiy way '' oper to swarm to offer kind word pud prayer : RA '' prayer meeting . 4 fow dae : several crime scene gee they forget the crime stent exist . he toss tham 4 emile then focus &d i poice officer look nis cut . barbershop - coytrycous here caivir ours head . with a fev euatomer wait : holding dow the shop antil the rest vf sne creé arrive : bh i - plaat bo green . hbove the bow a8 4 I rap bef 's re lam . cystome + cos touer tyrone . ( naida up leit '' hentl} tnold + p right} : ly brew what [ and gayig 's ? ne so bd ook like tue miagete in @ gleep bad . . criatn fer we wo pyalt - jie can * anything pesider pig ass ? we tomer rot ' tear , we [ at salk about let . ' teat | but why ? '' v pred ( 5 , lack ? walk a customer know sumly ag '' che ! a thermos . 2 in carry = cnecrer poard , & lunch bag . newspaper ? and piile pack support : '' calnte hey . checkere Fred . : fec hers fred shake ' cealdin be andl hey here : cabvit - checker Fred go over to — chair where ang lner customer i alyeady 2itring - checker Fred give ? che guy 2 ook . qastomer get we. move tt t ehair wath mo tee . checkere Fred ete down in what ig ear hy nis desicna seat . - wet . . . ced okey then 1 this : wher do & womart ust eve too muah aso ? customer tyrone . want , as& l5 Lake money — 7 you can peek have od mach . , cuustomer hola up . I aaspgree - + do not want no big , fat . aentec wit ? fold andi uraase - gasor D a puliet bype bss : -- { continuedt i custo llaeo thas get qo I 4 customer romy et I wrod : = aike & wig 365 now . gatsa ' apetinguieh panaser # awomat 5 and 2 pig bes satan - checrer pred tgecting ue enecker oar ! tell the tract - nod vo o% rick '' ricky walk bye awit Big cal : caaly th 3 ] isk rack : whassup ? ricky maintain 's : calvin can gist arruae 2 big # 85 and & phg - a ? Rick a , bell yearn . costomerr bld pe eet a womad with oman ? : ricky aynemati cs pral - a . th '' ou yma the walel then tease enone come UT with & 'a 24 iunen weiss nee zatie of mat mean yield , 4b anch ase . Mak 16 good . - custoher tyrone , [ they wae ! one : ricky now = t eame 40 qnch 466 be under = 424 inch waist that 1 foot. customer llge inot nomvancedl ginnee® eve + ( cort EES rt in contisue : t2 ) ricke thay - jennifer leper . -- ricky / customer '' wy rone . {ehorus ! Wemen with big bes - rick : mother Love ---° prieny / customer tyrone [ ¢heras '' : Big - aee woiml . ricky ering and walk away 's . ricky walk + a5 ° the locker raom , seas jimny epane '' he refrigerator : ge check out tammy 's Princeton {etberman jacket . 50 clean it look new . . Jimmy leok over - hogsea b! half - ass ned ricky 's Way . ricky notace . chuckle ro nimsel : - uc . dimeny look ante che yefrigerstar with @ disapprove grunt : there i8 3 bottle of apple juice with a big yad sigm on ik . een . — =pe po ; drink mar . " who 's 16 this ? ricke : T donb know . trobanly terri' . teat bey , who punone & pole in chie ! wahoo 's S sg ore ? . , ay rip out swim 's 's new ATM and : ' geek nal the stove with it . ~ - rigky shake Le head , qoeg aver co bis tecker : sammy head . put inte the shop - : no . : ricky make sut ? jammy ia go petore he pull out he Glock som and etaghes it in he backpack . he tossen the packpack in the locker . he change inte hig smeck - . twt. barbershop '' dry mge calvin cute '' heag - — | detertive willa fblack , 40' ! enter the aher . ( continued ! env . ; peraciive waliiema : what '= goin 's on ? detect ye willtah . . thay get ie on this convenience '' aay £ 0 gomenoxty gettin’ jock fullsbit 34 k now , get pie hea of yignt - wean liane | eye ' calvin oeptically 52 ° ) then nod and 1s above no : jeave . + ricky walke out F the. jocker foon. pen he see ricky . ey liame ' give ft ie at annoyanss picky see : '' wlll em '' then ect ver ely nonchalant have eration : , ke over to nia we as he wa Joy a the eye . per to ricky " a : ohair . jook bl detective will tam chair frae ? wall will Lane then finally soin the ehait $ 0 down - 5 do . : detective '' qr llrah gust : line up : ricky < u= Te oo bis elipeeré - sm beeE ase aicky . ya liane walk ricky &y F william can sit ( cont ' dl william speak low so as not of detective wt slt re qconmt ' be you wanna peli I sump in 's oo J res tstarte . cf wisi : toe : . L new you wee '' gen core over here . why " . yo pweatin’ | maz ! es '' ggrectivve weate yo sweatin ! ? t ricky . ricky een syimn - ppetective eTLLIas {cont bl thats two be and atte - wien glance up 2 | ( cce inte cont ime = 421 calvat go out ny a pane for you with _ this tobe wey you goenne fuck nim like qhet ? . 7 _orlgky curse off the ciipper ad be '' 8 chem down , 528668 . of pprecrrve weLtamd ( cont 'd ) you only trim one eide - ricky gay nothing de get gyrvet lance tape ero amexe al che ligeer & be ner on wefore the ' ena cf the 4ay til knee sumpite ' - Yau undersnand ? : nici baye potning - william stand up to . 1 bave - ra three a qianc® caivin' way ao af to #ay * por't help this Zool alt . we 2 sammy be be des station gear at rech " " gaginitery trin 's ricky aid it - ricky glance al Zirany - ~ 0 : ricky nat ci lookin’ atil ext . rareershop - later fim walk qurside ligntind a e1garette : B clear becsade ' pump base as it glide to @ stor in front , of the shop - the tsrat rosehber pzbr . white} ptep owt : fur goot ead tc yoo . B white oy . pert and fred in che thooa . tgaac hae enough flava to be cool . he tumne back cqwara car ms his qixifrian . rhonda watt ; 20' ) step put of the cat - yeat .. gno 's lack - ana fine - : mo . yng o8 ber abs . world CLASS -— s40 will -- ' ag each cheek move tike poetry '' ga motion . , '' pne walk up the ipaar - : teaac T tun you hoo . may kise : pony ali over ene place . . lose ow time phoma fire up engine and qulle oft cne syzeet teaac sigh fe be & man in leve . & beat . he turne 2 of fee cinmy tease site fold up . he fist for & pon : 1 é continued : buz janmy just wave he hand away , blow smoke . - saa6 lack evenly et jammy . '' : taaac [ cour db riright than . -. and with thet , Jimmy sks awey . tegac go inte che shop . . 0 . gena ( unde : he breath} of , cice . . : . pinka strelis up with she houquet of rose . : see ( cot D ) uyerclower ! '' what 's all this ? hind you business . ( dinka puste inte the barbershop . Jimmy shake he head . pure eat he smoke the follow behind dinka - - foe int . barbershop - cartcxuous tsaac ig set up he station , Jimmy and dinke come - shrough the goer. : : here come ivy League simm , and jiimke putumbe . .* : 's . stnka {of fend ) . - where T ceme from to have girth be @ sien of epulente . . oo . oger ae ' he say , im Africa fat people get 's loot . customer lloyd : I hear they ciroeuncise woman 's in Africa . ricsy — - how the hell do you de that ? customer lloyd : mhabever 's extraneous , just elip . it off . . es so " ( comrinnent ~ will everyegdy idisqust ) dgeorh ! tsang : tt do n ?t want to aturf thas '& be clipped . leave #il che extra oi qhere . of ricky so man , it 's gil the same coee wou ga yp in 's il . : - customer lioyt : wo , itlé chat sx . 22 that make it specaal - diner it 's ail epecial to tees oy tsabrc as he finish laving oh he tacla - he look bewerd the : waitiny custouess - . thar cm tree , teilas : qino 's mest ? rithough they be clearly wait of i % long beat . a rae oan oper onair . silence - no one took at he . tsrac [ cort ' ts - forget yecli , shen . tiny a negro member bhip ven thowgat you ' caveed you scake ur bet end pute . tearc . _ shar win ainuny | calvino woulda 's t give I 2 ' chair if T coulda t cut nead -- " shair '' : : ivy . you be here 3 gaye , get che and you stiil havea 's > do one . customer - caalvt : everybody atart in bey , keer that down . the front chair -- that 's where you ‘ioumy - rementner ? startet . of F yawmy say nething . juet '' smirk -- : be old man , clad in avarauat . and shade . moye briskly inte turn - . ~ the snop . he storm . : oo . ( cont tntted ) gouote breef . co 's plack ! former ty * the 014 yan " . 13 aught oft quar . je remore nie ghade &o gen & eter loos at che qustone who be mein - host . of the other cughomer be eno nat boy sight hhet wae givin 's up the ene 7 on , sa nin ! by ¥o yteaast Bout ime fo mak ? that wove . tsaec grin - palb out a cp thet step aver to che poombox - again we pokice the panda it ton sign rap re loam tsaat see pl anyway : the who e bather 5 bat 2 a 10 rhe bm of eemd ' myou goce ro one 1 . oth parber brop ame te ite ab head bebe customer . fey ¥# il . ro fare ? we raisin 's money co buy = herb . shoe . he get pcoul comin 's nim , at nee rlcke as ragge byt only Te cotinued : t31 anather customer get up end pate money in rign a Way . - re terri approach rhe boor dinka quickly move to the eoor and open it fox Terre - ditka [ smi lang ! '' ou smel good , tesral what be that , cbsession ? terri ignore ' aim . she walk hard and angry through the shop hewerd che docker =oorh . bil notice . & customer , wait £ 07 merri pue dow he magazine . scrambler Te get up and head for che aoer . : : . calvin hey. man . where you gain 's ? teerrt's customer | '' . rai not takin 's no chance with she like that . I 'ma come jack later . tab vey wanda cut ? i'm tree : jerri‘e customer hesitates . terri's customer tm cool , toe customer leavee - timmy sure 4 look of talvin . : itheny go what , we can jvat show up when we foot like it ? she 's on hour la+e - . diintr . T de " enow why she jad -- she know yevan ie a dog , but ah still go back to he . int . barbershop locker roe eadie , now in smock , uvip bis. nese pair in & mirror - terri go over to phe retrigeralor aba reach for she apol juice . it 's half empty ( conetimved | bre bl '' . terri a methetiu - ~- '' eno drank my apple juice ? eoule qlas not '' : . contin S terrl lmarchiag im whe drank my app-e juiae ? int . barbershop — eylieace , terri jeper ' §tipe drank my mubhafuekin " apple quice ' erlven ju ? like '' merri . would you wirdl not Cars - you on pet jat : terri cak , I put 4 nig -&3 - - : calve tari ! terri compose hersett . - spesk celm , enunciate - a uot : a fo put 2 Big , red. gign . Said '' do hot prink he " . . tsar . maybe not one drank it . meyke it : evaporate . | . : look - gmiiiem . , don ! '' get. on my bad ' bide . | you be not heen here '' guy a mint : 1 will chew ¥o white avs un not : calvin terri , it 'b yest apple juice - n guy peokeé he bead in the brore - hustle gut : e -- matra® tr , til. Star wers = Bush hour seriee . icenetinue ) '' coy die ! 24 . ~ . '' checker fred ; . calvin , yo’ father would n’f£ put up wit’ &ll cchis.mess . you ngpese to handle this . calvin - lamoy 34 ) jim net my father . father ? — po T look like my . everyone yeah . . : ty emizk . all eve be on he - = he ffel the weight of he gich in frustration then walk be weer le the gispute . Le cas they srare . for risky . Jimmy ane tarri'to sect . carvib ita terri okay , there 's -a popsibility that Jimmy drank it . a . . . ito ricky ? . . _ , .¥ou can 's : positively say he drank it if . you do not see he drink it . the enly thing 1eft to de isp as«-him . tf he say not eitan 's acink ic . chen that 's that . 5 c ga ahead and ask he . : : she take a tiament . terri jimny , do you drink my apple juice ? tire nope - iaaac chuckle ic the corner - '' well chat 's the wand of what . 7 oo . _- |. terri . { look directly at tieng well one of ya will drenk int iwalk away ! imt . barbershop locker bog taser go to she locker - 3 pozen hose be tape to she iocker door . there 's 4 gard attacn . she snatch the card cff -- ail the rise . breax | dy 7 . apark . eat fragment and rost petale Zly everywhere . ( continued ) : | . es : . ryeryeont : . paneer hea ee y to tinea : dink : ine he raelt i  . tis cool . 2t 's orl - ow ricky pare out the wade ac the converien '' slote - receyas bool of peliceman and '' atecnlvet study . che gram gcene a lhe seyeet - : ert . comiren tenc '' store — same detective walliam qoee wes fact with geverae uniform epeicer then giance # vex br che parbersheP ~ risk coward ro dial . bat glance richy wind ame - just pick | ub che phone . at det - wip lianne | plare frem ail the way = z2eross the srrest - teceméertebt e@ , hlgry 5 up . he giancee ab & wait . sustomer - neds - soueromel come =f ricky ! ghaiz fet a ost — ieaa stand over he chair | try 5 ° make 8 eonbact with amy of Tor wait cH ue domee ! thay quickly jpok away contact be mae '' with tsaac - . wineneve= eye of he terri cut 4 customer ner spark fly anc ner chiddete nat aft . tearl calvin ! . caavin qiance ? at vhe smoking put lat - radie be ibs irom 4 styrofoam rente ine - . : sthey yow be you goune ait vp thera with ©.be and not peter nepoty ary ? taat ig just . yude . : eddir . , 3 pay for this , bigwe - tye & gana aame quarter en the pont eo vil give spaome ! eu ba 's ais eole lite - ww a . : . ' jog . . . calvin , pow cois pad get to gat out front wer he rett be we gorte eet af the peck ? . : : fddie qeul ling nis heirl : : ga2 this ? . thas mean 1 get eeniority - . tmt . : . . what. because you get gray eit ? Hair valet pecnin * bat foliicle grow out yon dana pape . . . . ' pp nie oo . Boy . 7 be yere dor rhe riot pack of 1ge . , theyy burn erything acm tole this parber s0r 7 be sere in ' 14 for , checfer fred '' : : 1. remenbe= that . bimoess cause another rist - : . : : endte . , . ver , : in 7 alter payton game in pere the dey . accer he push fpr 275 yard ageinec winesota . and the aarlm eb : but suee ness run all thecugh '' om - tine he up right 12 this : cbalr - there ga the picture right chere dub wall photo shove paaie gut someone in he cneit : a magazine im tle - oust ted continued : teaac sping he chair anxiously wait fer a customer . issac a ab ‘ight wha 's né ...? bul the spin chair bump lester 's jland as be walk by . tye hand be dislodge . =t ' and heavily az the floor and go . slide threugn afte hair . i> skid right up the ing ehair where the Boy with the pateh frepk out at the sight . boy ahhh ! : : istert cry again ! lsaac hy pad ! falvin close bis eye in exustration . legac rush over bo the hand , grace it . rush pack to teste : with it . he brushes off the pair then hand it co he . - lesher hold a evil , angzy glare on isanc betore betusl ly take the nasd back . he ye-attach it . calvin isvep forward ) let 's go im the back . ag calvin and lester walk by rddig , lester give Eddie a nod . - , lester fidia . edoie higga . - . . calvin and lester go into ine back toom , shut tne dear . tt , barbershop locker room - continous . . lester calvin , I be glad yeu finally call m hack , start thinkin 's you do not like tle 's lester . calvin lapprebensivel New ... I know you juat buy Big farl 's . Auto garage , but I wanna be sure : everything 's i1 be oxay bere . * ( cont tied } lester eid not I tell you I be e man of my word ? calvin ds not answer as laster draw a envelope from he bat lester hold it back before hand it over . lester ( cor : no calvin , if you can not keep . up with the will vou be gonna ieee she shop and get nothing - : [ bat J or you can geil the it and make sure the sign outside that winflow always say '' barbershop . '' calvin think abvut all this oprion . he swallow a lump . calven this shop wear my father out -- interest paynent , property tax , cverhead -- spend bis whole life olayin ' cateh up . nat I , Mr. wallace . Net mar . lester anile , hend catyvin the envelope . lester $ 20,000 , thar 's yeur buy-ouc , I 'l ] take ever the bank paymenk as we discuss , T ']l get the paper work ce ye next week . calvin great . ( beat ; Mr. wallace ... you will keep the bexbershop open ? right ? : lester . calvia , I '' a business man . & barbershop be not exactly : a cash cow . I be go " open ' ad & gentiamen club . . wet calvin : wait . .. you just . gaid the sign aucside would slyay gay bearbershep . '' lester '' lo , oh , it will . it 's go 's be call the barbershop , I 'ma use the whole theme . the girt go 's dresé up like barber , they will give you 4 trim . . hen chey ? in give you sama trim . ja lustiul grin} ( cont snite } : ac. cortinved : 12 catvia look horricy . wester walk oct igave calvin hold the envelope . ualvén openc the envelope , see ibs fily with 9:00 bill -- twenry giand . int . brrbershoe - contisugls pester welk hack threugn ehe shen . ricky glance inte the apen leckert soom door and see celvin 's expression of discomposure . as leeter walk by , ricky fix a glave on he , lester meet ricky 's glare . it 's a glare down ang ricky hold he ground . dhan laster suddenly smile . lester vou have a good day now . ricky 's face doegm't sudge - - a straight up gangsta glaze , lester walke out . he hold the door fer a young hom . ' eine enough toe stop all conversation in the shop as she anter . she smivee and make she way to the Boy still ery in Jimmy 's chair . . mo . Boy , etop all that ezyin' . what 's wrong . witcha ? . : . boy he cut a pateh in.ry head ! anmy offer a emplanation . _ ote he keep move ... she bend to inspect it . all eye be on she bend . Te do not lack that bad . Boy ( whine } yes it do ... calvin re-enter from the back look dishevel . rocky Big '' , everything abright ? ( continued | cont tnjed : calvsk yeah . ( eemeat | everything ' 11 be fine . young mom -- uet think ef it ay a meew style . belore you know it , eaveryhooy go be walkin’ ' round with of paten in they head . boy gatdll cry ! no they wor't . young mom jee gimmy ) . that mean it 's tree . right ? . cimmy free ?! '' young nom ' you cuc a patch in he head . Jimmy want the argue , but not can not . she 's tes Fine . jiney okay . Yeung Mom lead che key out of the shep . everyone in the shop watch in silence as they make they way out the’ goer. ag zoom as it ( cloge , conversation resume . customer be give each other pound . -- bers be - evare '' suk the ' window . at the robbery scene - - '' tsant 7 : I can not believe somebody arove into ' the dam store tike 's chat . : eddie now , see , I tell sittin 's bul ! across the atreet over there not the ouc a damn * cash machine " in he store , s@@ . couse niggas gon 's t know how . the act . ( continued ) , continjer : { 217 calvin ( lowd sc everyone tan bear that 's wry you can not do business in the ghetto - - you get cheat . robhed , vandalise . io mean who 's next -- janelle next geor ? mer I be not waitin’ fer naa fool to shit mé down . customer rob that 's why black folk can ' : mae nothin’ . . terri . apparently neither can indian folk . ricky go to the phone again , pick up and diale . jimey ' swami 's wat indian , he 's pakistani . from Pakistan , eddie well not can pack and stand on that come acl he want to . but if tonta keen be , he 's libel bo get shot in the age . jimmy . swan ) Le not Native american ! hes not indian , aran , mexican , or eskimo . the man 46 from pakiecan ! ricky aold the phone tea he ear but juse hear ding itda - - he call dan 's bt be answer . he hang up , annoyec . inf . sthiey palm prowect ( billy apartment} - day kitceen . be big mama ' 60' , biacki step up to she kicchen counter . inthe hackgroudd weihear a. radio broadcast about the ATM z bei cy — — George wallete * : 5 ' moraing show . : she glance at the radia ag the reporter describe how a - _ truck dreve through a store windew . Big mana shake she head . — big mama . that 's ' cause somebody be not raise chey kid right . : hallway gabby , hig mama 'a 7 year old daughter ( and billy 's sister} , - push down the hall om 4 razer . scooter . billy bedrogh '' ATM is.on the flogr . jd try the pey it open with a ersw kar . billy stand over he . . billy first thing i'ma do be hook 1 up my grill . platinum . ger a letter on sink ta0f , - spel ] we omy . nate . - with ( oe , bedroom dew do you leck coe door ? billy yeah , 2 be not stupid ... billy be the door open — -- this stand gabby hold a '' xay . startle . : will biely ( cont 'd ) get aubba hers , gabby ! . : gabby | whatére yerli ...¢ ( shé gee ATM ) boga ! lo bidly 7 girl , yeu don 's even '' imneur what this ia , gabby yes I do . jb yeoh , you know it 's a vider game . richt. gabby ? : . . fatéitudel - '' video game ? '' that do not losi like no '' Plays tat fon Z. : billy : Te 's the new one -- playstation 43 . garey noit air 't . tt leok like «a cash machine tome . and this be not no supermarket so i- mar tell mama . : billy grab gabby , pulig ber in the zonm and shut the door , : continued ) tal '' the continued : | billy you can not tell pgbedy about this - 's gabby - then yeu get to pay I . ihelds out hand ) aalty legk ac ber angrily . ud.hutf then pull out some money . he hand she $ 10 . her hand be stil ] owt . he hand hey . enother $ 10 . her hand be still.out . hand har $ 1 '' more . . belly | | : tiac 's it , and we pron se not to kill 's you ln yo sleep . gabby # tiek ' out hax tongue then walke out , clese the door behind ber - + and lock if . silly glance at jo . . . . ad . - do not sey shit ... you know we can not trust that gird , wa fotte mova this somewhere else . bat now we gotta figure out how the gev it across town . billy the sama way we steal it , you cousin 's truck . vo mok after what happen . that fonl ' ll go crazy , that nigge pad news . bett Real bad news . int . stqiey palm project # stairwel ] : - moment later ~ : ap and billy be move the ath back ' down the ss tep - — . the game large ( bat blacr man - walk ' wp at ! the '' ho ckor . ' 7 - step eatiog a eubway sandwich . jd glance dowm ‘ar fat man think * oh shit , meet again . '' fat man glare up at jd .. jd glare - back= - stalemate . bt fat . man cake a huge bite chen arart walk up the staiz . he bump into the ath with he large stomach . the guy all stagger with the heavy machine . fat man force he body - ehrough , but jd 's hand gala catch ynder the ath -- — close on the ATM smashing gn's hand against the rail wa rgbl ... : lat to int . barbershop '' hep eat area talvir , tecking agitate , cut customer rodney 's 's hair . rodney be stare out the window at the convenience store . customer rodney - that a tm probably get $ 15 - 20 G 's in it . , calvin ne ath in a black neighberhood get $ 15,060 4n it . iemy biel ] J read that ATM 's be '' worth more than thea money in ‘sm . . terri I wish the money in it be wine . - tsaa . it it wes I , after I bovwght myseli some new gear , I would uge some money and take my girl omc tp a Zeal nice dinner . ( beat ? . Red lobster . : dinka . now that 's upecale . : td : Red lohster be the thof of shellfish , '' that 1s nat wracale . tshac - dor't hate . dusk ' tanse you | kickin ! it ae ' Taco Bell and we eatin " peampis and eeximpe , ecallopa and ehit . _ jima . . . Mar , you ara ignorant . probably dont’ , know what a acallop be . . no oo ipaar ) : _ do - yarll know a mealler ie and : aven a shelifish ? terri tid you mow that you gel on my nervest calvin I hear evander hollyfield ganna open a Red lobster inside a churco he 's building . : ( continued ) wat wo cowtimued ; epdie how in the werld can you call yourself a man of God wher you swingin’ dick through talf che state of Georgia ? that nicga get bhirteer kid by six different woman ... tsaaac he 's a avalete . reguiar etandard do not apply . 50 long as evander hollyfield gete up ina ring and make millinn - — - . olny but thirteen kid by 5 i4 woman ? what the hell wes he dein 's ? ricky . yeah put vou know pusey 's bein 's offer , what ' 's che man suppose toa de , tur sow panny ? look at shawn kemp ! teral but they fool apt to gsenae . shawn remp get baby ané haby ' mama in '' different area code . isac snat 's they gold uiager comin’ after he . ai not he fauit he 's pay . - terre he can not wear 4 dani condom ? checker fred . condom expencive . terri cut a dishely look at checker Fred . hustle guy wolk in with armiul of hetvlss . '' / 0 . hustpe guy '' - pe , '' oot weiakt less - product : slim faat , diet papei , lite beer from Miller . anybody ? anybody ? . calvie ( glance up} ite cool , brah . ricky be try the give he - custemer 4 shave , '' but be gan ‘c get as close as he should . and the customer almest look uncomfortable . Eddie watch for «a beat , then get up . ( continue ) continued : 12 ) eddie ey. hey , boy . ' huss to cakwini what lhe hell be that hoy 'a name ? calvin ricky . - eddie : uo yeah , ricky . what the tell you doin 's over erere , boy ? ricky look up , indicate the vbvious . aicky dust toyin ' the get my mah amootk like they g:ilete commercial . . edd ih bee that 's the problem . with y’all ] todey . eddie. cue over the the cuetomer , take hig face in one hand , husting it from side to side . . eddie ( cont 'd ) ya just waten tv and listen to jigee dma - Ray , bur do not know shit , ito the customer ) do you mind ? — the customer shake he head '' no - . everyone watch Eddie a5 he go back eo hig chair . : eddie |cdmet' D} {to shop ) . back in my day , 4 barber war move than just somebody in a fubu shirt with he drawer all out . '' clare on shall , mahogamy crse a be rdgie 's 5 hand aig into frame eo open the casa . inaiae the case eat two peaitiful 's straight razor , Polished steel ) mlade . mother of pearl aandle . sterling silver aceent . . sddie icone no ) back in my day , a barber be like a one step shep . counselor . style coach . pimp . on razor awd lemther as Eddie sharpen the blade on the leather strap to the side of he chair . ( continued | ee '' ee : . a8 continued : ( 31 calvin glance around at 014 pheto on the wail -- celebrity , old bacber irom back in the dey , folk from the nedegnborhood . basicaliy a photo history af the shop . c8 suming BOWL as eddde mix shave cream with a brush then apply the shove cream to cuatomar 's face . edgie ( cont'd you 111 niggas thease daye gote ao direction . - see . no ekill . no heart . wo genge of history . close ow phopo of calvin and he dad stand with tho black panther ix ) black beret with raised fist close g9 customer' necr as Eddie elide the raror over hia skin . skillfully . . edie {cont dy anc with a stgaighe face , yer gor che nezve to wanna be sunthia ' , on entire shop where all present watch a master at work , - s0ddie ( cont 'd I be old , see . but Lord wiliin ' , I will be spare the sight of everything we puilt . up = cave in by -feol whe fast do not know any detter . eadie throw a glance at calvin . calvin squdrm with guilt . jennifer ( 0.8 . ) calvin ! cala nearly sump out of he ekin== : calvia buh ? Le . calvin Lake 's up at Jennifer standin by i hie 's ghair lovk piss , jennifer we need to talk . tnt . barbershop ? locker room - continuous Jennifer shut che dear pehind she then fate calvin . jennifer what 's ge on ? . ( continued | continued + calvin wet de you mean ? jeeniefer jenelie from nexs dear call I and say lestes wallace be in hare . calvin frown - calvin T wish janelle would rtay out my musiness . jenifer fiance whan do you stact goin 's business with a loan shark like lester wallace ? calyit he 's not a lene shark , Jen . he 's cust a businea man fram the street . jenifer ang why waa he here ? without tissing # 2 weacc - calvin to get a heir cut . jenmifer thang on hin ) lester wallace wear a toupee . beat , bugt , calvin leade ber to a chair and sae gas into kt with she plump stemach , ber energy as like " this befter pe quod ! " calvin take out the envelopa and hand it to she . : tenkifer ( €ont 'd : whac *s this ? open it . sennifer hesitates , lock at calvin then buck at the etvelop . she open it . her lip part in astonishment . then she look even gare piss than petore - jenhifer what do you da ? calvin gita gow ! in 4 chair baside she . ( continued ) a . continued : $ 2 ) calyat T sell the shep - jenifer , you what ?! calyin shhn. keep you yoice down - she strugg.e co rer fest . | jemrifer - catvin , you goid you £ather 's barbershop the lester wallace ? . calvin Jen , 2 nink abour it . mow 1 can get in oa this sateliicea ty box ..+ jengifea Satellite hose ?! yeu almost electrecute yourseli this moxm ! calvin . shhh ! I be uxy to do something bic here , gen , I be not try to he stick in soma Little ' arberchop the rest of my jife . . hheac ) I gia thie for ue . jenhifer ett caovin yee , you , .me aad the baby . tha bank be geana foreclose on the shop if T do not do sqmething . ext haw che monkey 's off try . back : oe : Jennifer fling tha envelope actose the room into a wall , .-& few nundred fall aut onto the fleor . : : . : jenmlfer : you grandfather open '' he shop . calvin . he band jt dewn to you father mo yan it for 20 yeer pefore he leave it co you . ! continued | continved : ( 3 ) calvin : and lo wacch my cather wor bis ass off try to ¢atch up on bilte which drive he blood presaure yp and kill he just like it mily my qesndfather ! i= that what you want ?! ble eo nave & stroke or a heart attack 16 year fren now ?! cur to : dust outside the locker roh vinka be lean near the door try to hear calvin ane dao 's argument . edoiz what they sayin’ ? dinka something about a movkey ceme back , but hie ass have teo muck pressure . everyone lack confusedly at each other , CUT sack to : locker root vepnifer take 4 deap breath , compose herself . jerinifer : Galvin , you act like this barhershep be _&o '' tistle " and insignificant . calvin it 's just e barberghap . I mean .. I '' tryin' to give you the world , Jan . jennifer . : I dont need the world , calvin , '- I do not , hwed corah 's house , soe . . calvin aut bill need to be pay . ' this be not no church . it 's a business that do not make money . : jennifer that 's not the point . you farher be not here for the sake of a 4 éliar . ( continued ) a bi calvin everybody 's always talkin’ about my father ! well guess what — - i‘ por hin : a have my own life ' ane 1 } want it to mer e : . . . -spmet hing Jennifer stare at calvin a moment . jennifer / so it 's meec about versus " afrerali , calvir . - t°s about yoy . ood : calvin 's remain si ) eat . " gemnseer -¢comp 'p ] . you know what , tnis je teo quchk for be right new . you gen 's mess around and send I inte premature iabor , . ' Jennifer walk to the docr , peuse . she glance back at caivin - - ' total bissppoincmant in she eye . she walk aut . . : SUT to : '' jost outside the locker roo : dinka , terri , jimm and Eddie setomple to act like they be n'® upon the door listen . fach of they ' hold 3 sleen isem : tag , oroom , dust par , mop -- a6 if they be clean Zeal goud righs o1 tside the locker zoom door . Jennifer look at all of they , ecowla , theti walk cory , | tee . tstoep sumeplng | = stiuz cousd not hear quthin : . oo. ) denra . co : - somevh about Oprah be hie baby 's mama , 1 ) bhey meet in . chur he - more ! . " ds iognd ficane vt everyone inek confuse . ext . motel - Day ' WD and billy struggle up a iey handicap vamp of a cheap inotel== - bhey be bush the nebject ' cover in the bedsheet . aly spot somecne scrase the parking loc - ~ . : billy : . held up , there 90 that nigga jay . . ( cont =y LED ) continued : billy slide awkwardly down the icy ramp the take off after the os , : , od ( realty gtrugcle ! hevt= what ' chu doi nor ? eo 's cel . phone start range . but '' he entice weight of the abject be a he , . : a . tb ycony 'd ) - ¥a ... : he struggle to pull cut he phone , but '' he object siide ag the ice , falis sack into jd , relis ever he knee . . jd ( cout 's py ) aghz !! : taen siide down the ramp . gd clutches hie knee - in pain , drepe nis ohone then tumble gown the samp bimselt , ext . check case ™ng ctley - tomtiamogs billy run up ‘on jat{ 26 , black ) outeide a check cash blace . aefpre jay know what 's happer , billy grab he , billy yeah get ' cho age , where be peney at ? . day . what money ? . : - billy . ae , do not act like yen de not know . jay oo , oo . t'fwt pay you , man . just ee aff I , -. '' billy and tay continue to wrestle . in come hakb dag od ona '' timp fey as 4 smal craw start ' oa gether | . mo : wing in pain , sweacing : yo itan , vhat be yo " do ? jay uncape biliv 's orip .: billy maen you let he get away . . ifleaging kis cage to 7d ) that aigga owe mar =ive dollar from a sfrd game , man , ( conttnued} ont inet : ory : . . ( naw from a safe distance ) '' tai not payir ' yo 's ag shit ! billy do not let I cateh you ! you lucky I do not have on my jorda n 's ! waay fuck you diteh . be -atep pilly qoss to chase after hin . gd grab billy by the be and dulie he the the side . of . will - : five deltar ? five dollar ... [ co mad the speak ] not you go ! cause a scene in public for five dollar . : : billy : Hell yeah , and for less than char . ud move billy down the street . . jd what 's the matter with you man ? billy : 3e owe I money . man ! . aw . . five doliara ? we get £ifcy thougag | sallar back at the motel and you gonna draw attention to yourself fer five dollar . pive dollar ? | co . billy . : : . . , it be not about money , mar , it 's che =. i pot . " prineipl . he oe I mepev , he ' pose to . |- . por et tope ry ! tage g0in ' out 2ike a-sucka . - toe ¥ou - be not goin 's ouc like gq sucka ? later a moment of ' thonght} . we go gat catch . you know why we go get catch ? bacause there aiway one - stupid nigga in the bunch , meg do up ter ev'rybooy @lse , you that higga . . 4a . int . motel - soment later od and billy finally get the am int with great effort , they both celian eathausticon . : jd ( cacching breath} okay . -.now we gor privacy . a5 . 9 the motel roam , alpeic fe oon . itbe sloar in work on this btm . eut first , I 'ma go get a bang aid for my leg . do not dao nothin 's stupid . ab 's ight ? jg then roll up he pate teq the che see what he and billy see , billy darr , yo leg be jack ! m sei , it 's just a bruise , gn j0'3 knee - twisted , puss , awa tnt . barberseor . Day as theme somg plays . _ , montage of various hair cis in prog head . cavatis .. line uf , er . ~ ek on he teg . we cant - lien like @ grapefryt '' ess : a fade , taser , bald push in ow a custoner ( wor ) in cany in 's chair -- calvin hand vor a hand mirror . it become silent az if cime have stop --~ doe meLiculougly examine he hair c check the top , turn the mizror , ‘lo calvin : observe , wait . cuskomer 1 ) the other berber have bause from Tien it lask ikeJoe be go exami suddenly . he. swing ehe , ihirror down angle -- more examine . finally Joe the verdict : a simple nad . ut , tilt he head , oke behind hig mar ; __ n the wait area wait , uetiog . . . ning fimsei ( . | but no away to a obseur , glance up at celyin . sigh 2f relief all around . Joe beand , hand calyin maney . Joe leaf through mare toney aod pee bill for a tp , but. notice the " we : customer tor that 's for johnny srowi ? 1s off a coupis @actra hary shoe fune * can — — ( continued ) domtinued cajvin nod but hae a smirk on have face . he hold aut hia hand for the tip , but Joe @rop the cin money in che can aad sllc1 be cut , : layar , the nappy brotka with the ill fitcing cheap siic , walk a . he strolle right um the calvin 's chair , sit down , customer lamar . hock mte up . Cal . atather customer stand : wp ja the wait sre -- waiting custumer hey , io wes mext .. , customer lamar twsa here earlier , bruh , calvin , annoyed , look at lamar , '' calvin you gor any money ? sustomea lamar man , I get ' cha money . be . calvin shake he head , reluctantly larew the cape on lamar , on coorway # 5 a lady ( 40' ! in a Sunday drece leven though itt Saturday ) walk in hoid = Bible , : church . laty good aftermmoon everyone . means and graane «ll around lhen -- good aftermmoon , Ms. montgaueny , checker Fred sat - a sandwich ' and play checker wich afother °° eustomer . '' the customer glande at Church 's Lady -- checker 's Fred use she @istraction and ulide a ehecker acrosa the doard .. he 's cheating , God the msg ! gave you enough money caat you could get ' cha pair cur hoday and look gpod when you ¢ome to shurch tomorrow , adem ! edelie roll hie eye . Church Lady foona she 822 on hin , ( continued ) 1 get ticket - for the bear , packer comorvow , chaté my ¢hurch . ceurch lany and that 's why ya wife leave you , cuz you be not right wit’ desue . need to gec bear again . adie anerily sit uf . endie my wife leave I cuz 7 waa sheacin’ wit ' shu ! how the nell ¥ou go 's be orn again after all the harky shit you do ! '' you use =o make the booty clap like a standin ' ovation ! I know where you come erem , who you be wit 's and how many cime so do not preach | | Z | '' continued : ( 2 ) . | -eduie | , . +o the urqacher ! Church hady be stunted , everyone stare in dishelier , Church Lady take 4 deep breach try to muster some dignity . compose . she tum to calvin . ceurch lany _ salvin , I hope to see you there tomorrow . j'ma $ ave a saat no you ... calvin . - thank you , mg. monrgomery . chureh Lady quickly walk we . calvin finish op lamar - . lamar look much better . . : oie bid ya all know that yasuf waa nox ever , Christian ? he be jewish , ricky : I , why you always throwin’ . cut random trivia - like you know everything ? * because be uacate guarantee 7 will not shend the rege of my life behind ber . unlike some people , : all eye focus on ricky . and he 's pissed : calvin . can not ya will not argue fer of dike two little kid . - uc mor@ a " this . I day ? yourre = dé not wanna hear atlighe ? jimny ? ! continued | / 48 , continued : 3 ] otm alright , * ( beat ) . ' I can not get toa werk gy in here anyway . it 's not like thie harbershep be the end of the line for mar . calvin , get more agitate ag the’ Gay wear on , remove the cape from lamar who get up and gee aver to the farrthest mirrer to ewam he head . ' isaac . Jimmy , you car do a lot worse than bein a barber , . iver and a lot herter , terri nee why you such a asshole , jism ? fimay . to if be a asshole mean wanb mo for mrsalf like max a go live , con & bome and have a nice car , shen i'n a big wide open hosty orifice , because that 's what T wank for my life . calvin wait impatiently fox lamar tc pay nim and leave , bur _bamar be all in the mirror . . : customer lamar yeah , that 's the leok ... calvin , you like the black Picasso ... : : t3rac . . : bein ' a barher be a iespectable ' ostupation . watna be up . a che mira , maybe aven ge my ow shop . Hell , I - might . take ' over . this one . 4f - cdivin dont : pese it diem to the go : : this statement jar ' calvin , lmm man , you wild not om a black barherahop . . toaac iz T want the I will . ( cont inver } continued : ( 4 ) terri if tony rema can make ribe better than biack people , isaae can oer . a black barbershop . jimmy " wart ?! tony roma boiis bis rib ! that shit be aot authentic ! and you can n‘r even coipare they the black people 's rip . . : dime : but they ave delicious . I go not gee white or black . for F just see red -- red sauce on everything , . calvin rey , jimny 's make a goud poiot . at least pe 's think about hia future . he 's get plan . . terri : I like cuttin’ hair , calvir . dewea . 4 barber be a craftsman . [ t 's respertaple and I must admit I tike ic . se tl guess I agree with terri . ori '' you agree with anything terri say . dinka flash a coy grin at terri , ' she roll she aye . then lamar bolt for the deor ! calvin jump -- calvin hey . . bey ! lamar shove the door open and run out into the street . . alvin tune out from renind he chair and go oute de -~ ext . barbershop - contindous . calvin lamay ! ! lamar be way bp the street sprince around the corner , ieaa as if on a banking turn . : calvin tcomt ’o ) ton ' 'o bring ye’ ass back : here ! {beat ] tamm ! ! _ int , barbershop - commomous -galvia anarily walk hack inside . Sea ?! that 's why you can not do pesiness in the #herto : . ext , diva' hair salon - day big mama ( billy 's mother : stepe ous of diva 's with hook up . gabby ' ia hy he : side . . . wo rm she hoir terri waike py from the. opposite direc-ion carry paper bag , pass eig 's mama , ge track with terri int int . barbershop - ' bay : , , trrie ( step front and cenrer ) . T get an’ antounceme : to make , ' I bough : - é0me more apple juice . todo not want nohody the drink it . show seme gecency and tespect for other beople :s shit , - now , 1 krow ya will be ganna get thirsty , like niggas often 4s . sut when you look in the '. pefrigerator and ses my apple jwise , ' de not drink it . '' ( bo jimny ! resist the urge ! :- '' + ttatey whac you lookin ' al.me for ? terr - whatever . paoplhe , ='w aek you nicely , please doe not drink my apple juice er not there will be repercussion . . yeah , repercussion thia_ terai : tholding she breast ] repercugaicon this , the - howe ring . ginke pick it up . dinra barbershop ? ibaat. annoyed ) oh. ,. terri , it 's revin , _ ( conpmave ) continued : 7 L erri try to stay angry , streng , bos she hesitetion give way the tact that she 's weaken . she walke aver to bake be phone from bink , but she ghop , pell she hand pack . terrt no. ..wait . i'm siek a* he , {beat , exnale ) foai not here , dinka ( inte phage ) Z know you hear thar , _ thangs . up ) barber end customer applaud . verri actually lete 4 smile + scape she face . T c £ . customer oanrsl , bentt clap , she 'li be vuhnnin 's back the | he in a hour like she always da , iplck somech up } De not make I run cade hor tomd up yo asa . mt . convenience store — dry maivin stoop dow in debris in : che convenience store lack ox @ specific drink . he find it dod head co tie counter . ewemi stand behind the counter and smile warmly . 'o swami io should thank '' ou . 7 li * por what ? '' this mome .-. I make 's mysele . 7 . teat + : . you word be kind , 1 believe they be . .. stay strong ... . ( baat ) brother_ 4 spectacle pf - : calvin : yesh , something like that . ( continue ? + continuzd : swami por one orzef embarrassing momant I chese . to gi%e up . buk you werd : be just the reftinder I need . succinct and rrefmmd , perhape insiqnificast to you bur ... theat ] : sometimes I think wa be unaware of now the jittle chhing for we --- can be sc huge for other , a beat . Beth man yonder this . " swami ( cont ! D} . . and i do find it amusing that the people . who atole my ATM will het 's get any money bur of it . . : carvin - why will not they get money out o£ it ? ' becauee there be no money in it . th 's brand meew . it hed not even be losd yee . : caivin shake he heed , siilee wryly ; sense by it all , de o. leak argund at swami 's half - demol - shed atere . - calyin : 80 what be you gonna co do now ? 7 swami 7 I rebuild . fix the storg and shay right bere , the ficht must ge on . . calvin neds . letting that 's soak in . " : swami " ( cont 'd ) . either that or ge back to . tndia Co. canerm , ue , ' india ? 1 think yeu be from Pakistan . ' bweaml ( shuckle ? : oh heaven 's not . woo would tell you such '' ching ? wt bet , barbershoo . pay * orand new Nissan altima be park cucside the barharshog . 4n angry black woman walke up cesey a baseball bat . continued ) i ' ext . '' barbershop - pay cortinued : and commence the beat the micre , ist ... barbershop - continous taaac ia the first to notice . a tsrac ye , gheck it out ... everyone look out the wiadow — shatter che cide ear with = at the woman beating the sar . ang they ali scurry co the window lo gawk . soe aimmy now that 's wrong . terri whoever he be he musta 's do some dumb - shit to piss she of £. . a customer , arte , ds lay back with be head in the sink . cudter 's cape én and a towel over he eye . he grin listen to the commctien even though he can not sge anything | '' customer artis somebody beatin’ on somebody 's care ext . barbershop - day . ricky walke outside to get # batter look AG . anghy goman shatter & side window . - , int , barbershop - same " tsrac - bann ! . : , customer - . 0 ogrin , '' bos she doin’ : it , - huh '. geke he 2 ok that windshield , artis still . cont see} . tf bhe really - wanne srsee auman 12 now ontop of the car 's riof and smashes che windshield with the bat ! : in . '' barbershop = continudus everyone daaaabayyumdii ! | | customer wheat kinda car isi artis Le ( contined : - continued i terrl iothink it 's a nigsan .. altime . customer artis hey , that 's a good car . ust gor one . what colar ia itt jtmy Silver , . customer . artis hasivant ] . of it have daytor rime on it ? everyone ivok at artis , say nothing . artis fling the towei off hig face ang jum>e up panicked -- ext , barbershop - day . angry woman ie baeh the windskiela — — bherqueniy . ricky light a cigarette ang calmly observe she like he 's watch a show . : : angry wood ( from atep che car 's reo ) think you ces olay I ?l tinh ah. you go not dog I ogc ! ok dei1 no ! then artis come rurning out of the barbershop , he haic hatr brocessed drip with curl activator . . customer artis hey ! that 's my car ! angry woman pavs . cue of breath . aigry woman wha. .: wowr cart this be not malcoin . Brown bcrarp . : . a . eustomer arttg Hell naw ! of fist buy this dam car ! argry woman -h... it look like malcolm 's car . _ , ( eet } my bad . angry woman climb eff #he Gas , drop the bat and run away . customer artis . hey , you gotsa Bay for this snic : hey ! ) '' ( continved ) ss . contlnuel ; . dinka come ' out of the shop look curieus . ricky pick wp ehe dasebal ] bar . . dinea I hone I never make a womar . that angry . just then wh fine women st=o1l by . fine woman hey . ricky . bobi woman wave . ricky grin , giva 2 ned . ricky ' sup . dink stile , know he 's talk to tke right man . dinka , : se , woat advice can you offer a guy like qmeooan the a=t of woulng poman ? . richy on what ? dinka getling the hook up , the digita , the skin , £ 11 nana , snappy nappy , cochie wally ... . ricky okey , 5 get it . | ( heat } iook , just be yourself . . dinka i'm big bone , Rick . hefty . rotund . ibeac } there /s too much of myself to go around , _ yo , bold ip . plenty a fat niggas pullin’ good ass . just look at biggie , heavy 0 , binka they be world famous tappers . I , on the other hand , be a overweight berber from West Africa with e fondness for boetry . risky think a dout this . then shake hig head , nor willing tna det dinka be defeat . {cont invedy tontinued : 32 ) rickey man , attitude . be whet put you on , dinka itry to follew ) okay ... ricky soe gotta know that at a tement 's notice you will not hasitate for a recond to put a bimp hand down on j=sus imgel * if be - pade the mistake of disresmpeccino 's har . : ( lean im ¢loge ! : how da you < hink Captain kirk goc all that posay ? : epiphany like a motherfucker ! dinka 's eye go wide , grin . dinka thank you , brotha ! ' linka grab richy , give aim # big bear hug . ricky be ¢aughe off guard , ‘hia fear actually lito off the greund . ricky okay . okay , it 's eool . gamn - ext . conventence store - pay calvin ssep sut sip hig Yahoo . ye glance up —- sequence '' , notice ricky and dinka ' 's bond moment acreg the street . then glance at artis who be now be consol by Jimmy . then netice a real . tal ] kid , - ghnny brow flack , 14 ) in a basketball Jersey with the name 77 , '' brown . 7 he @ribble 2 bagketnal ] up the ' street . calvin glance dewn at the kid 's shoe ee , ho a hope '' close on raggedy high top , 4 beg ton porlng out then cugtomer Sam step out of the shop follow by Isaac and terri -- rieky , dinka and jimy join then , they present johnny with the snoe Fund can . wohmey be shocked and bll_nsnile -- vary grateful . oo . calvin look at the genuine sanse ef pride and hapriness on young johuny 's fare . a warp smile starl ( oo spread acress calvin 's face , . iit . eareershop locker room caivin goss over to che phone . he pick up and dial . then -- calvin . mo. wallace ? yt 's mar , calvin , T need to talk to you ... int , motel room - tar billy sit on the bed in a cloud of smoxe toke a joint , his high be really kickin : in 45 he stzre be the ath in front of he , '' . billy faa ek a tatoo ' eross my chest -- '' nigga Raw ... billy casually rest he hang 's against che hedapread . fr emtene on fire bot he dossn -c notice , . billy ( cont 'd . ( gel bentley wiz 's seme gavton on it ... the smoke from the Burning pedsheet rise ln tc a , smoke cetector . , it start blaring loddly ! bur he 's still focus om eine ATM . - billy ( com pb} . yeah onay , you be noe tyyin 's the give at up . bub I 'ma get chat . yaak , bitch becta 's jhave my boney , . iuetice fire} oh shit ! he grab a burn pillow and states awatting the horn hed with it . then a ponerful sprinkler beging raining dom . the fire go out but billy and the whole reom be soak , billy gience up at the wail alarm . he grab a chair , .- carry it over , ghands aboon the hed and raise the chair like & weapot the smash the alarm , bur - - oo there 's a knock at the doar , biliy look up . EST . door a mum chewin’ , fat , trailer - trash woman if at the ine . . wotan fhet 's chat smeil ?: sweercut ( comtinved } ba continuel : biel what ? woman I be tne manager ! t-g , call che com ! billy bite call the tap chen ! woman okay , billy latracdh ah 's ight , an‘ight : hol 's ug ! billy drop the cha:r , tung and open the door and step inte che hallway , . ext . motel saliway - cont taos manager woman ie already ac the’ end of the fall . she waye billy off without eve turn around . billy gume .! : 4s manager woman rush dew ene stair , jd come wp the stair limping right past she with he have feg and carry a faet food bag . de 's heasr '' not alarm , become concerned , , uobble faster . int , motel rook - continuous billy ip back on the bad hotdeng up the ehibir again . he swinge it and smashes the alarm . he hite it Spain until ir - finaliy crop blaze . : jo step into zné reom ftare : <n shock at hilly on che ned , -.. and the burnt , weet carnage araund - he . ween pa fly . : a wh , . what happened billy leeke ae so with that stupid expression but do not say anything . do , they be push the a ty in ths alleyway , gp motion for billy to stop . they be claar , . wt casmly wave for eilty the come ts hap . ( continued ; cuntingse : | jb iconr ' py . / man , you get to be out of you mind ! hat shit you just oull ._. : tea nob get word we - switch gear ) L. . do vol wanna go of jeil ? Cause that shit . back there -- that 's the kinda shit thac 'il gar we . bust . ( calm down ) | okay . here 's what we go ' go . T ’ma move . this to my grandmama 's house , xau.go see what the word.on the streat be , can yen ( handie that ? you want I wrice own for | you ? go hang az the berber shop , kaap ¥our mouth ebyt , and sest ' importantiy . he cusp . a - + billy onedd ) saconspicuous . : irt . barbsrshof - Day close ow billy -- lanshieg , atlly wanlifeiss Eddie stare at billy like he 's a idiot , - edie . | : be not that damn fonmy . '' calvin 3a point to the photo of the black panther cry co make @ Pointe : . oo : . - calvin '' uo I be just sayin : that . the black pantherg be about something . -: martéa luther King , jésge , - '' Parks . everybody 's back i. then be deep . . oe ' eddie '' nan , please , iho the hell be reea parkst . ' terri lupeeb ] * ° | wao 's roza Parks ? jdmmy she 's only the pitneer of the civil tignte movement . . ( cont enued ) n mar comp be e0dste ' whey ? hecause she sar she ass down on 6 bus ? '' cale ( attend ) Eddie , Rosa ferk . - eqdge she wast tiy . that 's what people dc when they tired -- they sic the. fuck dew . gut when . I sit dew they throw my ass in jail _ aed I do not heat fram nobody ter a-week . : terri : you know what ? this be a pad conversation . 7 bustle guy walke in wita two portable computsre . | : ' hustle guy 's laptop ? anybody need a laptop ? calvit nigett drritace ) naw rah , 's cool . erdie leck , ' I woulda not say tnia in 's front of no white reonle - — - . tiny cute a lock at Isaac , but tsaac jgnere he . eddie ( cont 'd ) wockue in front ef ya will I gecta come ' straight . Rosa Parks be not do nothin 's bot sit she black ass down on a bus . : | . : , . saac . ]. a " + etmon , . eddie of : edote : hold up . back Street Boy , you might learn somethin’ . what resa Parks hae be¢ome be @ gaubol of . the civil right= movement . now true , I gorta give roas she prope in that she act help start - the movement , ' nut - you know what , she damm sure be not . special , cuz a whole jotta black folk sar eum on they busy and get throw in ~ dail . and they aid it before she do it ! { =] 's so oeineed contieved : ( 21 the whole ricky be glaring at billy act a feol . billy notice con ' s0are and . glalogue . . eddie { cont D ) - . oniy thing different between tham and hes be that she be secretary at the ' naacp , plus she khew Martin luther kirg so she get publicicy , . terri : toain ’c evan tryin 's *e hear this ... . calvin you dane go " too far , ' b4dy . eddie '' tank , black people gotta atop lie the : thamsetves . there be three thing black .elk gotta admit . one : rednay King : deserveil to get hic css peat for drive drunk . two : or dag it . and three : Rosa sarka be not do snit but sit she black ess down en a ime . : room be in shock , $ ! lence esesr ( cowt pp yeah , I say it . get slleat if yell waoc =o , but the truth be che truth . billy q T owent to gehool wit’ rodney King and ehem 's nephew and he can‘rt drive either . for just a neat beceme '' ncomiertable . time : : : there be semething wrong abayt discuss Rosa Parks this way . . " oe . | eddie oo . : Kean , this be a harbershop , alrighc ? if we fant calk straight in e basbershop , then -° we can not tatk straight . nowhere . ai not rethin 's wrong with this . thia ie healchy '' checker fred but why t@ar dewn fosaz -eddie '' ai not nobody * xerpr in a barbershop ! you - taik about whoever you wann salk abour . | calvin . : this conversation hae take a bad turn . ( corinyed ) 2. continued : ( 31 . checker fred well , . better nat let you boy jesse ' Jackson hear you talk like tha -- eddie fuck jes@e ! billy ( laugh } * woonad ! eddie and that 's all I gat have say . Eddie fold hig arm and lean back . billy 's laugh -- he 's have a ball . & mail man ig eeate amongst cie customer -- matl man a . man , I love this piace , calvin look at nis watch -- it 's time , '' he grab he jacker . ext . STREET - day celvin be bundle up as he walk a few block toward -- bat . sig ti arl be auto boby - day | hé cross the parking lot of Big gari 's Auto hedy pas : leeker 's caddy and bead inside ... nt.° big carl auto bony , office — day Galvin site in front of a old gesk . - standing bosdde calvir glaring dewn at he ia wome , lester 's woun - ase henchman . monk ib big , completion blue - biack with a few sear on he fare . hay decach on tha deck , ke the igke hand . - not gide ofthe deskin ' a big ' chair . ' calvin , squirm . but cher leéter asinile . . - _) gester celvin , I have never come dcrese anybody wentin’ the just give my money back . the - whole thing just ... vex - I to be honest . . : : calvin I understand that mn. wallace . and as .fmod | if my witoess , vexin ' you da ' the iast ' thing T wanne . dao. - : . ( hort '' ( omt tinued | 57 . continued : calvin [ cont 'd ] the 's jush .-..2 have a change a¢ heart , ..there 's a lotia history in snat shop . if I ] do lose it I do n‘r -.-- you know ... .2 wanne lose it this way . lester fepck .a brow ) . . and what way be that ?. my money be not good enough for you ? T be jusc sore old street ehit ? . calvin now bold on Mr , wallace ... lester , . try walkin’ yo diack asa into any white man 's bank and you will find out I '' the : only friend you get ! Galvin be ak a tose for word . he waso't brepare for this . . ' lester ( cont ty ] ang on the aukject of mmey '' give 2 for deal be a deal . the money 's your . the shop ie mine . iba ] '' course I would pe willin ' ea take it beck and call the deal off if wou get I tne money ey pm . calvin exhales , emile with relief . ' hand the brvelope bo lester . lester push the envelope back . , : lester {cone would ] bao foe . : calvin . bat ? '' but that 's dowble whet you give I there 's no - way , . oo oo ter gee dut 's my cifice ! intimidate , caiwin stand . he leck at lester 's fiery glare . spontaneous 's refiem -- calyin < hrows the serve lope enue the desk then take off run we the door ! lester iconr : ny lester pick the money fill envelope un - . : lister {con would ) menk | ' ( cont tinued } n i oontinue : ( 2 ) monk be elready cut the deor affaz calvin -- lester ( cont oy kait ! menk come back inside . lester 1 comt ’d} give hin he gocrdamn money ! ' lester hand she envalope to menk chen monk take off . ext . STREET - day momk seeq calvin beok geum the streal jike Carl Lewis . calvin dart in betweer gome building . nonk vun after he , chase calvin down a alley : calvin climb over a fence at tne ead of the alley just hefere monk can qryah he . honk ener notice a sign hang crooked on that fente : beware of dog . he weite eor a momenk . : we rear the feroriaqus amarl anc hark of a pit pari ] . calvin appear ab tne top of she fence again climb pack ower with lighten spéed . he fling himself evar and land with a thud on che pavement . monk snatene Galvin to hie feer , shove he against the fente and slap the envelope on he chaser , mok this money yours . bonk iec3 calvin ga , walk away : geiag oy monk in the cpbosite direction ie ju wheeling a blanket cover '' object * on a dolly . the trace with he as be try to gently push the dolly aff a huge curk into the street . he hobble around im 's front ef the dolly to . sass in doim : it tilt off tne.cyurb then . clange loudly on the *- street ... the tebject * shifte and tilt over ! right onto jo 's bad leg -- ad arghh !! j2 fight 's back tear , take a deep breach and cempose , de stagger : to he foot . he grab hold of the atw which be now nncover because the blanket nas fall off . wervaus , he glance around then quickly heist it pack onte the sidewalk into a upright posicion . he glunce up the etree : and see 4 police car just come areuod the corner . ( continued ) cow ? inued ; jg nearly panic , he yseg 3 across the sidewalk ais might ang push che be tight up against 2 Building . be then stands in front of it and pretend to make a transaction . - o8 police car poll up . ter officer glance out at tre ATM which looe wall as jd use it . you need actually , ' perfectly lag ? timate bropped up again : 4 officer # 1 some money ? '' officer # 3 yeah , I 'l ] de quick caah , the officer put che sar in park , hep put. on glanuce back ane can not believe it . but he keep he goel , comtime he '' tlateackion .* then 2 cal : some aver the Police dispatch tadle . hey , that officer 82 ( cowd - py ' boag . the offirere ahout - face , gec back in the far . and drive off . ud glance seek , sigh with relief . ' then he notice a old man stand 3 feec bebind he waiting to uge the ath . tab a stodent walk up ann stands behind the cid man . then 4 businesa man with a briefcase , 3d sisnce at the tine and int . barber smap locker room — sont lao dinka walke inte she lockertoom ang fee terri look be a picture of she ang fevin . he take '' weep bresen then matghes up to porrd - Tam bink , . Dame bt of i . tast beca you ¢an put thause fear be se 7 be here , tarvi stare at pink like hers a alien . dinka seed shes uot convinced and feele demoralize . he walk aley i be sorry all , . terri . . 1 fuck up you flower ang ( continued | n mm continued : tinka stop , but do o't tum around . — terrt [ eont ) im aayin ' ... you know , thay be real brecty : dinka be dn shock . we lure arewma the fare he : . olb you telkin ' the I ? terri you the only one atandin’ there ain : , you . dinka this be true . mis tc true , : . . berri : T like the card , 7 meat , like , whet jr faid and alt , the wae real pretty . you write Chat yourself : dinka . . ne. artually that 's a ) , a love poem hy oo a name Pablo neruda . : tear . well ... J goons even know whe thar be but ... the nigga know whak tc say . [ hear * . get I feelin’ all . , gentle . | terri lock down at the phote . garg disse9 . smash par fist down on it , : terri { coie py . . . . will men be so trdflin : 7 swear to God : : : bag ) ! ti do with Kevin this time ! Coke at dinka ; 1 woe °c. go '' lie , - whan - i- yéad the Card ... all sad . I wisn fo much ... that someone falt that Way about I , dinka be amaze and a bit urt dy terri 's tune . vision . pesci ' attention tefurns to the picture . hile dinka slip gulecly , pack in the shop . ret . bapbersnop ~ pay kevin ftc pull up in front sf the shop . he get que wth 4 douquat of tore -- like ene snee binka ough : thig mome , he walk into the shop , : : ' Kevin grin , * int , barbersho ?' - oomttau ag terri qoe back to bex serk station dinka step up =o she . dine se , ferri ... T mow you have a boyfriend and everything . bet J be wonder ... but terri be alremdy distract by toe eactrance of - — . terri revin ..: ricey kewy - kev in the house ... tsaac what up , kev ... & ned to everyone . but dee not break eeriée , goss right over to terri . rewin hey , baby . Kevin steg right in front of ink . ignore he . kevin ( cont ’d ) thands she flower } this ave for you . terri pesitace take they -- tring to be atrong . Hut then she melo and take they . then she just look confuge . terri tsbruggie ? Kevin ... we need to talk ... kevin can. fend . disa stand bebind he . he glance wanek -- yo , Super - size - he ' mandela , get off my neck , dinka do not answer , just glare hard . Kevin loox dinka up and dewn then turn hig back on bim again . . terri I be sayin , you know . -. I mean i'm pot really sure what I be sayin 's ... | cont ed ) a oy cort ingec : : kevin to iove you , terri . you know that and ace everybody in here kndcie chat , revin grin , take terri 's hand and start lead she out of tne shop . sut terri step herself before they reach the door . oerre to , wait . . ( take @ breath } T can not do this not more . kevin what ? terri I need to move on , Kevin , like , I be sayin ' _ .. maybe we shoutd scor sea each other . '' aI you breexin’ up with mas - terri nod . kevin { cont'd bur .. - look at you . '' you be fat . terri be momentarity stin with hurt . but only momentarily . she quickly pecome angry black woman , atep in he face boint she .finger . . treri , who the fuck do you think you be ?! you lyin’ , cheatin’ , sorry - aas no good deg ! : kevin : terri , gek you hand out my face . brr a '' ox , want 24 1 a kevin glare a * bitch , ' don * t alte I pimp slap you " glare , '' perri ( cont'd I wish you would de sumpin' . terri jab she fingex inte Kevin 's forehead , shove he back . Kevin react with a raise hand like bet gonna wit she ... / the barber all react , put down they clipper ready be jump to terri 's defense . byt pinka be already on top of Kevin sing haymaker ! so . . . ( continued ) '' ! wrap ATM through dirty snow and slush look like a big m '' 1 comitmved : ( 2 ) tae barber rush over to pull dinka off . bur ricky hend up a hana - '' : ricky hold up ... ricky let dinka get in of few shob - or Kevin 's face . teen ricky ( cont 'd ) ohoy . ricky and the other mae in oa separate they , ext . STREET - day cd nas che ‘object ' wrapo in the blanket agnin. on the doily agein puan yp the sidewalk . he 's limp , steygegling . #at be not givin 's up , he pause at 2 corner to . catch he breath . ' aocar velis by and splashes slush and water all over he , how he 's & freezing . then a giant snow plow pull up . camera swing around to show the plow ia atrachec tc a ' 82 yor , the tim car . tilting forward under the weight of the magsive plow . hustle guy step out ' fxom behind the wheed wear a eskimo coat , smow pante ' and goggle . . rustle guy need some help ? tht . yugo - noment later . on be new inthe yuge beside hustle guy . as they chive along — - ext . " yugo_ - same stilt cilt forward , the yuido slowly - plow the . blacket : ghetto anew ball tumble alene ) . they slowly roll by calvin _ - as he drag himself toward the barbershor , tell and rough up after deal with monk . he lock defeat . '' int , barbershop - day 4 customer ia stare at Eddie . Eddie glance at the slaring customer , but ignere kim , after a long moment Eddie ger annoyed . . . {contintied ) | continged : ' edete . . ( the stare customer ) what the hell be you lackiq ' at ? 4 beat . the customer smite and . -- : customer larry '' yeu know , '' nee come the this shop since I wes a kid , man . and '' do not believe I have see yeu cut one head , eloie for you information , 7 get pleniy of cusloMmer . ¥ou just come on the wrong cian atay toutting & customer 's head} * this day would he Monday shvesigh Saturday . that leave | sunciay . swen the chop be , ujose . janmy chucky , iook at terri for a pound . she give he the finger . Isaac laugh at Jimmy 's expense . - - jim ( cone ' ET ' the neil be you laughin’ at , fid reck ? tull back co reveal Jimmy be cut ailly 's hear . billy stare at he image in the mizrer with a quizzieal look . mo billy . yo , you think I can get braid ' like iverson ? thar 's my dod ... nimitate } fade away -- booyal Isaac be szill mad from the kid rock commen eee . sbrag - as ° '' duet ' cause you 4 sell - put ' dace hate on I . ricky soon . . it get very quy in the reom . mow Jim 's piss , focus on tsaac . : . . tommy - you get veur token black girlfriend and you " pimp " cur ride , but you be just a tinstrel show turn on it 's ear . _ thore ) : ( comtzirued ! . continued : ( 23 . tomy ( cont no . al tolgen in a fubc hat . Black , face for the now millennium . billy glance at Isaac . billy rev man , yo black qitifrieand -- she get any friend ? . timmy lacill focus ao teaac ) I de 's even underssand why you be here . iomeaa , .. watch Jerry springer , I think all the white trash live in trailer Parks . you know it 's more white folk on welfare than biack folk , sight ? that 's where gur fax money 's goin 's : trac {getting angry ) with all that 's vhigher > edued=ion , how come the ofty kning you talk about be mar ? . . ten . because you de not beleuy here . the white harbershop be acress town . : tsarc I think in a fucked up way you wish yeu be I . wish you hed my fly - ass . gigifriend and pimp out ride .. foo even - wish you have my clothes , my style , my walk and ay pig white dick . thats right . why you think my ely-ass girl @in 's wit’ chu ? coz yo litele bitch - ass can not compete . : moe : every oe vasaanaaaaayiyy N wt soya . we well 's ' E gor . . hlackl &o fuck you wnine be ! '' teac * . : Jimmy , i'm blacker than you , aad what 's mess up 1s , on you best day , you eculd never be ge . customer ewame han. you gofina cake that ? a stand off . ' dut up be shut up . Jimmy walk ont , Efrem welind he chair , Isaac be not fage -- step out from he choir . . {continget comtinjed : 14 ) to the background we hear the cadiv play . marvin 's * let 's get it gn* come a - 's biley ffumpe up gut he 's chair . billy oh enap ! that 's my cut ! biliy do a drop shen , spin , pep up end slide to the leave . ye searte sing . terri smile . @he turne the radio up lqud . she starc sing . . : . : ricky atarte sing . Eddie start sing . terzi move in betweer Isaac and Jimmy , start dance with Isaac . Isaac finally relax and stark sing too . . isaat and everyone let 's get it eodéonnnm ! ! cuslomer be sing , sway to the song . jammy és still mad and be che only one not sing . tinka groove up to terri and Isaac , tap Isaac on 's the shoulder to ectt in , Isaac ob1 : . o63 . dinka do a African pelvic dip then swoo rs into cerri . she lock at he like I 's crazy but a slight emile escape as she dance with he . firally , Jimmy slarl co mouth the word as che song be infectisus , the entire ghop be singdiag they bearta mut ! beat . barbershop - same calvin walk un to the shep . through the window he see everyone sing and darncine - : int . barbershop - continous calvin stepa inte the shop and starter at everyone groove , ricky qlence - op rem laugh and see calvin : all ! vough up oc : and disorient . calvin enike hast ricky without a werd . ke head loward the locker roo . : int , bareershop locker root calvin go over to the row of locker , get & good grin on the first lesker then move the whole row away from tie wail about bhree feeb _ . we now gee chere ' 's a cast iron safe in che wall , caivin work che camoination lock then open the safe . he pull out a wad ef cash beud with a rubheriaand . he pull che rubberband off and count the money . after a moment + - * { contintedy : continged : salvin [ sotto ] $ 1]00 _ okay , T peed ... ido the math ) 315.900 more ; ke stuff the money in hig pocket , shut the safe then dash . the jocker pack againgk the wall , but one of the sotker pon pen from the movement -- ricky 's 's sum tumble out ente the floor . calvin see it , pause . he pick it up , shakas he head with disappointment . he walk '' ever bo he desk and stashes the gun in a drawer . he slance up at the clock -- 4 nm , he sigh , the weioht of hig ragk tas mich . ext . barbrrsaop ~ my fal hurry we of the shop . - : =xt. use car lot , down the STREET - pay salvin stand beside a salfemaw in & use car lot . yasy stand between a old , salvage convertible ard galvine pontiac , '' s&lesman ire , pontiac} that piece a qua barely gun . calvin whee ? it vug fine . ,. it juat backfire a Zittle , esman timdn & drive - by . I cance pul Chat on my lot , I gorta rentation . the stesring wheel in , the , convertible actualiy fall off , * to ] be ' out the eae the bheir foot ! . : , tnt , macedonia baptist cmurch , across thy STREET - pay calvin be ata church prayer seesgien , he 's kneel , praying , calyt hey , God , whassun , I tear ... hella , sir . know it 's be awhile since io come to church , but you iknow bet a brotha get catch up . theat} : sa , lemme sust cut tight to it . thor | {contented} continued : . calvin ( cont 'd ) io need money . 615,500 to be exact . foease , you do not have to send it to I davert -- I woaid o't esk that . just show mée a @ien and T *ll go get it myeelé . the gound at change rattling eatchee caivwin 's attention . he glance up the aisle and seas the eollection plate come . angle on suelection plate be hand to calvin . in the place , & few if 's , 20' , sven a lone so . calwin hold the plate state st the money . he drop a dollar inte the pate . glance acamd for 4 secesd chen scoops up amet sltd . then a hand grasp he shoulder , calvin leok ap at 4 church ' laty glaring with admenich eye . he deop tne cash . calvin ( cont 'd ) Z...0 be just skraightin’ it out . calvir pat che bilt neatly then pasaeg che plate along . ext . macedonia baptist church - day alvin stepa out of the church , glance up at the harbershoo . he notice a - — : '76 roll royce , clean , wax . park in front of the shop . int . gaphershop - day three fine women , one black , one white , one agian , dress in revealing ciothes , ait amongst the customer . billy , with a fresk hair cut , be stare , almast drool at the giris . seat comtortamly in calvin 's onair weit for calvin wa return be black bh . free ( 35 ) . he wear a well emt suit teven though '' t 's dutple ) , match alligator , shoe . and gold ° rel : chain with amhlem of he mame 's ' Black B. free . " hig hair be perm in shirley Temple tresses . there 's no question what this man deer cor a live -- in . calvin walk in . calvin . Black B. 3ra@e . Long time . brah . black B. free Big Cal . can ya clip @ orotha 's curl right quick ? ( contented } continued : calvin you already in poie posicien . cabyin open a drawer and pulis ‘our a red and purple custonigud cutter ' 's cape . he throw the cape around Black and we se# it have he mmmé -- black B. free - in famey *ecter . calvin paw lewere nis voine aé he epeske . calvin lean ! you just who I need co takk the . I get a money sivuation . black B. free oh ? calvin Zi you have $ 20,000 and need 2o turn it around fast into $ 40,900 , whac would you ' do ? blace E. free ‘( ehink ) there 's some thing toa consider . calute like what ? : black bh . freer . supply end demand . i tat . I can double the number 'a hoe io gat but it 's so meny girl givin ' it up free chat my money gtill be not leskin’ right . the 0.5. dollar be dowi , the euroa be not keepin’ up and tie yeu still be not recover from Tokyo 's crash in 1388 . and df the Federal Reserve talgse the interest rate a : _ brotha 's entertainment fund wili dwindle exponentially . that leave mne wit noe '' . that be not workin 's and not money en- my | pocket . $ 0 if it be I , I would take a- gellar 4nd play quick pick ami juet hepe for the bese . calvin stare blaokty at Black , then sign dn defeat . int , pizza jount - Day petective willieme relave eaar a slice of pizza , read the sport page . another officer walk in with a folder . {costinued ! officer detective Williams , oot that liceng plate oumber , vehicle registration . ativer 's record and plenty more . Officer drop the folder on che cable . Williams picke it up , seat through it then smirk . detective william okay . lete make sur move , ext . house in - the hoon - pay do stand on the porch ef a sme ] house . he 's wear a hac , out he 's sweat . - he take eff the hat then knock hard on the goer . the £r-ont door swing open . ar aiderly woman , granoma [ 80' ) stance there squinting to gee . wie it be . grandma helle ? . ob hey grandma , it 's I . 30 , randma who ? ao tvel * ing ) jg ! velme 's soni you grandson ! grand ch , gd : she etep out to hug he , cd smile , hug she . grandma ( con ' D} tunder breath while hugging ) nigga never come se2 Te , what. grandma ? you know grandma de not see or ear boo geod . you waot sumpin ' to Bet , baby ? tm ne thanks . I 'ma hang out in the tmol shed , ipontingel | ud stand inside the shad and 77 , continued : oo lay the fat on cop of che 2 th sit on the perch , che biarket hang eff . ' grandma glance down at tne ATM , bur she 's realiy squirting , : grandma jo. be it comabocyr else here ? jd glance at the ATM with '' he bat en tap of it and realise grandma think itt a person , h® ges with it o. { puta he arm around ATM ) yeah . that 's my friend ... atium . he juse grgima's 8.0.V. be just blobry gubline of 2 figure , one tall , one really shor - with a hat , . grandma tired . baby , I 'ma gc lay down , : a ) okay , grandma . ° | fhe turna and slowty walke back into the house , jd curn to walk down the porch step . then we hear a load crash ! like eomeon@ fall end knock over a table . jo payse -- granima ( 0.5 . from inside hise} I be alright . grandma okay , . eo hear 's one more object shatter ! benz , ; 2 ids . ) ( cont D} I be geod . ge on mow . 1 int . tool shed / dareness uneil ja light be click on stare ahead in awe at what he see in front of bin - — : : - he f.0-v. of the tool shed wall stock wity hardcore , tool : az . machedd crating aw , jackhammer , jaw of life . the sung of wooel fill hia head -- not smile . int , barbershop — evening _tcontinued ) hustle gey poke , he head in the door 4 . calvin use - wave hustle ay out . continued : calvin step up to he chair , tense . agitate . harhers cuelomer be in che middie of yer anocner tepic -- jimmy -- black people be qwe 40 @° tee and a mule , T want my land , I want my # 85 then i'm geod , - cusrome , darrel what shout reparation ? they be talkin about that ¢n bet . : reparation be a geod ide . ricky reparatiod be a stupid ide . joey what ?! slavery be the reason ' boag - people be mess up economically , aeocially ang maxcholocically — -- iomean | _ dock ac varld .. somebody ow , billy slavery do . fuck my Whole life up . '' ricky givin " out honey wenldn - t do anything . n.c. Hammer have '' 2d0 million and tow , not 'o goin 's - infemercials fox the gosnell - : ' Channel , - edrie tell tie froth . ing ling car hey -- -° husele guy |. . 4 texas ? anybody nead '' a lens ? '' to jf hey Jews gar téepacaction from the holocaust . what , only White people get repstation ? ricky : mews do not gat téfaration , holocaust qol remaration .. they ain 's : just sendin : western Union to every Jew on earth , a '' . and {continued ) continged : $ 21 cinmy . we still feel the affecte gf slavery tedey ! we deserve reparation ! . e\dte Boy , please . Welfare and affizmative . action jat reparation , bot black people din not do shit wit’ that 's but get dress up . : _ billy langry , stand upl why people want mé dragé up ali the time ? io oca not afford no pcbu averyday . terri dock at billy like '' what the hell be you talkin about ? " . to calvin |. money would solve a lotta problem for a jotta people . believe I , I know . customer darrel = chink every black person brollg get 32 30,000 eaen . edoge that would not do shit but make cadillac the member one car gelier in America ! billy je gettin’ some money ? -. ~ . ricky : Black folka in he country be the richest negroe on the planet . we get ' more black millionaire than all other country ip the world combine . everyanere you loos the & ppportumaty . . my tnama .say cpportunity be when ' the ‘road be clase @ but the grass bes no cress , - fbeac} : . T doe not know what chat maan but it know at 's the key to a lotta thing . ricky look at billy a hard moment -- ber aboyt to say something the billy but then just focus back on Jimmy . ricey we get black dacter , architect and nuclear engineer . . increi ( comtisvel ] 1 - Isaac lean agaiosc hie chair watch ty . be glance , up '' at oe : . ao ... gomtinmed : ( 41 ricky ( cont 'd ) the rear of we do not need no reperation -- we need restraint , pome discipline , do not boy ac Range rewer when you livin 's wit ' yo mama . and pay ye mama some damm rent . andoyeu : de 's need a 2 - way pager when you ain 's get no employer tryin' to . teech you . and make yo kid memorize sumpin ' besides the chrenie alum . and De on time for sumpin ' other than '' free detore 12 " at a clus . there be a lot we can do besides walt around for seme ancieat money . cimmy locke like a dwar in the haadlighte . ricky ( cont ' D} . '' and you know what else ? '' ssallep be a shellfish because 2t 's a awllusk . betore it get to you plate it have two - shell mrounc it gust like a clam . [ sotte , under breath ) stupid-ass . '' ext . barbershop ~ evedtitg ag the sur starce co set Eddie ' stand outside 2 look across fut sizeak at the convenience store . . int . ebareershod - evening ingide tha shop , che day wind down as thing seem to have . calm . . a . jimmy sit in he chair read he newspaper . ricky finish op a customer dinka ie chathing with teari -- try to make progress . _ customer who stands up. but , the custome : if ' hot even a , customer , just : the friend wai cine on ricky 's 's ' customer . BUSH in - so : '' on calvin who eon petrify , '' he f.a.v. of the clock read spe , '' ext . bsrbrrsbop - everth Eddie stands outside lock across the street at the convenience store , , . continued * smoment calvin ie sear . of . continued : walk . out and stand beside kin . they boch stare at 's store . but calvin look pensive , regretful . Eddie " eddie boy. what 's wrong with you ? you be actin ! erazy oi ] afcemoor . calvin Eddie ... my life be a disaster . engie : wat ? you can not ger it up ? viagra be not workin’ fox ya ? calvin take a breath , chen -- calvin i host the shop . '' padie ig atarty by thie newe , look at calvin contuaad . calvgn [ cont td} Wall , accualty I seid it . tj triad the aet it back , boc T make a deal with laster wallace . ( baat = hess up bad . bdgie open he mouth co speak buc nothing come out . he teke a sbep back then wale around in a emali cirele to '' get he composure . then he ture : the talvin with a anger , a fury we have not see hefore -- _ esdole that shop save my muthafuckin’ life . Galvin be take aback by eddig 's aggressive stane , eddie’ : fist clench at he since -- he gobna 1 '' ait calvin ? . for this the veld tha - + the . edoie [ coht 's D io wat of the slraec , Galvin ... byt you father have the decency to put a hand on my shoulder and say come on down to che parbersnop . calvin et digatr know , .. epoie that 's cag you do not know shit ! ( continued ) calvin fddie ...2 wish I have just give the ehop . to you cause now 7 see it 's werth fave ... endie loffend ) 's — werth save ?! this be not no get - danny achool for the blind !. we talkin’ ' bout the barbey shop ! ' this plate be a gift , calvin ! can not you see thee ? ca.vin say nothing . Eddie take @ deep breath , go commvsire , . . eqoie {cont dy that 's the presjem with yeur whole generation . wa integrity , ae volue . ust go from one thing tp another — - better job-here , mo~e money there . ya get confuse then ang up St church askin : soc for a hook - up , fheat ] . how you father -- he have integrity , not believe in somethin’ , he believe thar a litcle ol " bair eut could change how «a Mat be feelin 's that day . calyin . bat my father die break and frustrated . eddie : fay , he might mor a hag money byt he be zich with advice , shcolyagement . be be so rich he imyast in people . you think iwas the eoly one he give a job tc ? ' the man give avery knucklehead :n Chicago a. job , 4 chance to be somebody== 3 litenze4 ibeat ! : . : how personally I would not a '' have al ] chem '' bailjumer up " in hare , reir tryin' to sut maar , but gotta watch for 4 pigga tryin' ter shark I . ' but when ali 's saig and do I be glad to ke hare , . Eddie walk the the bavbershop windaw and stare inside . vil step up beside hit . and stare ton -- side by side . eddie ( cont ! py trey know ? . calvin boge . ( continue conttmite : ( 9 ) eduie you getie tell : they . Eddie turn anc walk ante the shop leave calvin etanding there . calvin remnin there , thinke about whet eadie say . '' customer lamar ( 0.5 . } yo , galt calwin turn to lamar strolling up the sidewalk . calvin 's anger come sack -- calvin you get a latea nerve comin ' back here ... customer lamar ( held up a $ 29 ) bam ! reflex , calvin enatch the money fram he , customer lanrr [ oont ’d ) ogrin } : 1 get the job . now I can put my little . girl in 8 teal Gay car . see , my sister in - law be keepin ' she , but she a crack head so 7 can not hawe that , _ tpeat ? thanks , dog . keep the change . lamar nod then start the walk away . calwin be affect . salvib Walt ... here ... thands money back } . customer lumar what ... what ' chu doin' ? '' calafin . oat sity money 1a lama '' 's ' handy juss keep lot , ohay ? énd .. congratulation on the job . calvin smile genuinely . lamar smile tos , then give calvin a bug . 22 lamar walk away we mish in om calvin -- he father 's choice have finally become ' elaar to he int . white van — kight where a xevlar clad detective Williams give pinat instructione to he man . six officer in all . detective william once again I will remind all of yeu that will ati mere co serve a warrant for ome berson , as you enter the building there ig sure the be mitiple persone move aboue , tadlate and ceamture we target enly . be advise , he 16 potentially anm and dangerous - int . barbershop - dusk calvin walke inte <he shep , turos the tadic down . . calvin stem up . ( neath iowant you all . to know that I appreciate the work everybody do breryen leck at each other cuviowsly . terri well ... we appreciate yea havio 's we , daivin . calvin ( atrugd ling ) uh ..- T know sometimes customer do not : leave tip ... if I have more money I would tip ya mysebt ._. . ricky '' bia £ , what 's wrong ? : a calvin . ' we be gepna be closin ' we - tear ai not but a couple hour or so leave . the silence be deafen . calvin have nowhere the hide . turna to kis barber . coniusion reign supreme . even '' customer be befuddle . ra. he he cort inted ) comtinjed : calvin the the entire shop Three year age when I togk over the shop , I didn'c understand whac it be realiy about . sveryone listen , a@osorb fois information . calvin ( cont 'd ! bll I ctulé ase be che thing thet be not tight . bad plumbing , slecrrical problem , pill page due ... ( beat ) tr 's like that say '' you do not know what you dad until it 's go *.. '' ricky calvin , what 's chy tryin' to sayt , calvin take a breath chen -- calvin I sell the shep , shocked expression on everyone 's face . jimmy tsrat solid itl . terri you mean . like , you do not own the shep no wou ? . dinka ( laugh ) you be not serious ? calvin hold back emotion . but , this be you barbershop . . you '' eamsty 's eile this shop . customer ewame Year calvin . can not nobody else take over this place . : customer darrel por real ! dike : neonfuge } zi do not understand -- ( continued ) continued : $ 2 ; svetyene . so . for a few moment we hear overlap sigh and word from * stabilize terri step forward . terri ss calvin , be you genoa be alrigh :?. calven - I gonna be fine . I '' net sure what I '' ' win 's do or where t'1 ? be , .. but ei have get a ' wife and a baby come so T gotta de ricky - be stare at calvin feel angry , betrayed . be Way gicm not you cel ? we ? : calvin | I ... I gonte know . so , who we gonna . be work for ? calvin - hegitate before anewerng , . calvin , . well. ..eee ...5 besired ; ig a chard thing eo for , sema ... you have to widerstane the market ... supply and demand . a locta '' brothas either get the bald head or dreadiocke so now 's 4 barhershep ¢sn ' survive ... . . : : terri ( wait ... like , whadayou mean ? calvin take a breath , then everyone 's '' darberatiop . vthe shop elase of - good at 7 '' cal ! ee fig the lage ' day chide will ] desk o'clock , faw drop . beat , sime : : so , I be we of a job ? billy stand up , billy you can not close the herbershon ! icontimied ) continued : ( 3 ) dinka imore confuse ) Zo 6tiil do not understand -- tsaac sic dewn in fis cheir , overwhelm , he book at his never - been-usei stacion . : isa tar . . terri . what be we gonna de ? * customer darrel tie , what be we gonda do ? customer kwame sey , what ? '' checker prec gonna da ? . stoner darrel git a ich , " ricky be stare at calvin with a mixture gl anger , sadness and contusion . : van be shakirg kis head in disbelief . '' bddie arab nis packet , hat , then 's walke out withouc say ~ geod bye or anyto . the few customer jeft be look blankly at one another , at the haxhers who alse look blank , and . calvin who look more jost than anyone . on poor '' defective Wiliiam and he man rush ik with sifle draw .falvin and '' everyone 's ‘etce iank : ub , in shock . eat the : peli os m ricky take 4 second to realize that it ia he they be after , he make & gash for tha locker room . billy thinks the nolice be there por wim -- . bigly : coh shini ) | hcontinued ) , aa. continved : 14 ) | he stand up with hande behind hos head . surrender but the policeman '' literatly tun bim ayer in pursuit of ricky . locker rgm - continuous binert ricky round the comer in a craze panic . go for lig tecker . go for hie gun . on locker the Glock ‘um as go . just ' then , thret police nost 1tee round ' tie commer and leven ricky - to the floor . detective Williams fall in benind they , '' prone are of shop - continugus sime threwe = look at alvin . otm . guese you be wrong about icky . culvift say nothing - billy nick himself up - o2 for the floor , réalizea he can get ‘away , amd make a dash for the door . - on entrance tt barbershop where écand ' Rhonda watt . tegac 's qirifrtend , billy almost lut tight inte she in baste to get away . but she 's a fine , he paise , think about gettin’ she number , @ut hear che , _ cop in back and take gis run cut the shp . . nts tool shed - '' night angle '' of ak array of : defeated tool - = bent samrat smord , erceen . crain bad , _ emortng jackinetee ext . tool shed -— '' chore . later 3d looke exhaust , bruise es he hoist the be with extreme aifticulty inte the flat bed - of a eld ' 62 pick - up truck . it malip . drep to the ground with '' thud . he lift at again . goce i¢ onto che flatbe , a claud of dugt kick ap . billy saunter wp . . up where you be ? -- {continied ) '' ry . cont ingsh ; billy at the barbershop . dt all fuckin ' day !? jd sompose . thel notice billy 's coiff hair . ob ( cont dy you gotta Hair cut ? silly a , yeah , but I want it brait . jd finaly lose '' ite he angrily grab billy in a haadlock and start violently twist he haiz - billy ( cont ’d ) 's damn . - - what 'ohu moin ?! - fa ] braidin 's yo fuckin ' bair ! billy ( senuggle ) _ quit playin 's ! ap finally let billy go -- billy 's nice hair cut now hae fuck wp litche busta rayme spike -- he dook crazy . jv rompoge agen - now , do you learn anything at the barbershop ? ' billy ( sulk : yeah . 1 learn a lot . ieetieaeay not okay , what do you iearn ?. billy . that Rosa Parks be trippin’ . and pimpin’ mir not easy in tokyko . and I should give ty ikame some rent . ( oc be stare dumbicunded at billy - - can not eveo get he mind weasp around what billy just say . dd bos to shake pis head the get that confusion out of he brain . ' then ( continved od ( real slow a6 iz apeak ee 4 smal ? child ) woat about che police ? billy oh , they know whagsun . they come in lo deep , like swat . jd ' shocked ) you serious ? billy man , I would not ba alive right now if I have not pull the sneak on ‘em and relied up out . . jd ig clearly corcemm . then he cell phone begin ringing . this time he 's able to angwer -- od fo ? kale voice iveny angoy} 4y . io gotte ask you a question . . tm who dis ? # beat and ' hen ... int , county jac . = night surrountied by crazy - lock inmate , we find ricky as he - lalk on the phon . ricky : eee 8 ricky ; . agga .. and quae where . i Mo wait , T 'il givk you a nit . it 's the last place itoneed to be , because this time , it de cthe last place I '' gonna ba ... por life ... intercot a ) that be you talkin’ absut ? ( continjed ) comtomued : rifky T wo teikia 's about that smasa and grek with the ATM che other night . the seme night you borrow my truck , bitch . jd be catch . ricky ( comt ' bh tt be tryin' te-cakl you all day about che pumper erpomy truck , you use my kruck ? : ' they go phote of the plate and everytaing . trace it right back to I . 4 % two time loser . ( peat | ti io ever get out of hare , I be eomin ' tor you . . . jd gat nervous . but then , a think . a : bid you say two tim loser as in ... third strike . ricky taat 's right ! = od sa well fuck you , then , you ain not never comin '' ont . and by the time you do , I 'l . be long go . so howe a nice lite , ritch . jd hang up and chuckle the himgeli , the look at bolly - jd ( cont ' dy inow calm} let *s get this truck start so we car get that piggy bank open , baby . bigly |e , goin " not * ah place where 1 use to work . tnt . barbershop - mtght as the herker pack up around he , calvin pick we the paone of hie father and sigh wistfully . . isaet walk oy , we crack . with he inte -- '' int . barsersho ? locker room -— continuous issac enter the locker room and see Jimmy brush the lint off tide Princeton jacket . this anger Isaac . he shape up to Jimmy . . : . tsaac . hey , lemme tell you sumthin’ . just ' cuz you get some faney college to go to don ‘c take you better than m . T prokably wo not every go the eellege but I 'ma have mé a business . I 'ma de sumpin’ wit ' my iife -- zi go not give up ts easily . and daspite what you ehink . I be net pretend to be semabedy I see on t¥ , this . ig I . this be who I be , and whether you like it or not , irm gonna be like this tomorrow . Isaac grabe & few thinge from he loacker then walk back out . cimmy watch he gc , say nothing . after a moment Jimmy | elac walke out . tht . bararrshop - continuous isage hae ona more item to pack away . bis clippera . before he can put they in the box , Jimmy taker a seat ic has chair . isbac what eat you do ? jimky let 's see it , .. . isaac see what ? tmt '' you say this be whe you be and whe yeu 'te gopna be . so prove it . show I ' you 's be : roe , full ‘ot its aera turn ' around , ready for hie ' out . Isaac oem ant mvve . 's take a few second for he to prorese this . then Isaac outcry unwrape the cord fram around the clipper , 2lug in . Isaac 'a clippeta couch acalp for the first tima . montage of isaac srillfoully curtitte semny -- fading with def : wrist action . scissor cutting at a angle , gdniwg up with a seit touch -- 4 steady hand , confident . everyone lee watch in shock . when the cut if finish , jism check the haad mirror . ( ogntinyued} com * inued : . idmy | cort ' ds nat bad . everyone stare 's at he like he 's crazy . he give in . timmy ( cont ' ll . botually , it 's prakty good , {beaet ] hey . you know , J didn ' : mesre= Jimmy 's have a problem with this . isaac ti 's cool , man . jamey sigh . he 's be let off the hook . tsaac ( cont oy I be actually glad you come the you seness . sneix how sof tsaac Cause I wes remin ' eut of insult . ift. calvin 's S home - might calvin sit in the mire of he emptional funk . camera tilt gown rie body and we aee he 's hold two thing -- he unplugge clinper in one hand , and the envelope of menéy in the other , jengifer , with he > plump stomach , waiuk inte the roc with a tup cf het bea . sle approach calvin . . +. grd treach for bead : thanks , bey . bat jenifer sit down sip the tea herself — — '' che epitome . e@€ calvin 's day . pothing go he way . dalyin toss the clipper on the coffee table , taen jnok az the money think jong and hard . jennifer so now I guess you can invest in satellite ty , . ( beat ) pieh will fake you life meaningful and importan : - ( contented a . cont nued : a celvir look at Jennifer - -. not word necessary . jennifer | cot 's ol whatever you decide to de , calvin , I '11 support you . you know that . if it 's sateliice box , Fine . you wanna eell use hubcap or thong undeswear - — whatever , more power eo you . if it goee not work out you can work for my ancle over at rusty bueket rent-a - car . calvin maker a sour face . calvin : I can not stand you uicle , jemwifer . and he can not stand yeu , but se all give you a jon ae a favor to I . {beat } just woatever you do , calvin , give it ( bome think first . do the thing that '' real ly.do mean sometre to you . Galvin lock at she , lonk ac the envelope of money . ke stand up . : calvik T 'li be bask in # bit . alg walk ouc . : jennifer calvin ... . where be you go ? wt . county jail - nigrt | as ricky slump dewn contemplate a future behind bar . just . then , cone do '' the be son gua ds ston in . front st he . a fri sow cumen ricky nash ! . ' ricky yeah . : prison guard you be outta here . ricky look up at the guard . a5 . ext . county jaatl - night ricky exit the county jail building , surprised to find caivin' bontiac park curbside at the base of tha step . caivin lean against it wait . recry you pay my . bail ? calvin what ? should = go take ib back ? ricky '' you use the money you get far the shop ? palyin know ' be ! = take a '' ‘hage leap -- he say acthing . Riding in the tar in silence , then ricky tt do not do -t . 7 . 0 . calvin : '' if I ctheught vou do , '' would not hove . bail you out . riexy 's brow furrow into a grimace . ricky my cousin ' do this to I . + calvin he will get hie in the end . do not even worry about it . ° ' grey '' 0 ! he , denn right he go 's get bis ' cawse I be ' gon® give it the he . he will not live through the weak . 2lvin caim down , ricky . you gotta let the bullshit go . rocky let it gor calvin , ft can not juet let that fool roll over I dike that . . {continued : : 96 . ont inued : calvin raach over ricky and open the glove compar tman= — '' aclose on the gun rest ting in the glove box , ricky look at the gun then up at calvin . cath tt Zell out af you locker . figure you woulda 's need it . thes | but 25 you wanna do sumpin’ erazy and mess up you life and throw away my hail money that my wite will beeak my neck over when ghe finda cut J waste +t on '' Yau , then go ahead . . ricky hoila in anger . he 's about to reach for the gun . but he look at calvin again . calvin give a admenish star . ricky ponder & damen , then shut the glove bon - - he 's do with thet lite ! . calvie turn the steering wheel a he head gow a aifterent sureet ; _ riley glance cut tha windew then at calvin . ricky where we goin ' ? 7 : calvin to see lester wallace . ( heat} . Zu m net givin 's , '' up my barber snap . calvin hae a lock of sheer detarminetion as he drive . bet , 3ig carl be 40h ) body - night the old pick up truck be parkeg outside Big Carl 's . . int . big carl " a nito body . ' garage area - continucus ' jd hag " a welder mask - on bis ) i ied as the : hiddle with 's ie ' ' swatch | of a blow torch . ue eitir yo , we ain 's ' spoece to be in hare . : . jd I tell you T use the work here . " billy 2 od shove bilty to the side , step up to the ath . : he flip down the welder 's mask . freseese a ewitch on the blow torsh -- ( continued | , couttaued ; a thid blue flame shoot from the hose end of the torch , but with suc : foree jb can not control it . it snake out ef nis hasd ang whip chrough the aie -- . . a5 shit ! tne toren ginge jd 's pants sabcing hie jeq on sire , oo ( cont 'd ) yo! I ' mon fire ! I '' a firel U2 hepa on bis bad leg while bis good leg be in flame ) blily grab the torch frem he and turn it off . : jd ( cont dy} ( hopping ) ¥o , help mar ! biliy go and grabe che ulankec . then he rush in and | tackle jd hard ! they go slide through spiite motor - oil ener collide with the wall knock a shelf . of tire dour . gd ia acream as billy ie on =oo of he erying to smother the flame . ~ : ext , bg carl ‘s auto body - night the pontiac pull up outside right beside the oid pick - up nrudk . , , ao '' ot , pontiac | night a doe calvin T do not s0 '' lester 's car ... ricky be stare confusedly at the olé pick - up truck . . nrc - ' Hay ... thar lank like my srandmesher 's old .- truck . -- . : my not ricky step ' out of the pontiac . ext , bic carl auto body - wight and walk up to the ruck . he examine it < nen hear a commetion from inside the garage . ricky 's fac® comtorte with anger . he march toward the garage . ho crlvin hicky ! but ricky can not be stop . he head inte the garage . int . big carl ‘s auto body . garage area - right ricky step ut ané see jb and billy in a pile up . he jook over and see the ATM . then focus cn ricky fn ... : ; ob glance up , s®42 ricky and nearly rekeagse - on himsel ?. calvin quietiy step inside the garage , see ' what 's go or , . see the ATM , bur stay back hide . he pull owt he cel ! phone , diel a number . than calvin ( quietly dite phone ) hey ... it 'a calvin ... cky apercacha jd ready the whup some ass . jd stand up , Zraid . but he age the blow torch on the tleor . he pack it up and held it threateningly toward ricky -- fire up the flame . ricky pause . : ad yeah . whesenp tow ? ju point the tarch pight at bisky : & fsee . hie finger pressure the trigger -~ calvin be what 's go on ; quickly looke around , he seas the plug in the wall for che blow torch , he. , ush to it and yank if from the wall . : the flame goot ont . jd look confusedty at the torch wen dlance across the garage and see calvin glaring with the : plug in hig hand . : / jas. shoulder & sink . ricky giare the 's '' funcn jd ' a . jaw knock hin out , - ' cold . | . : : lbarex and '' mor '' walk ' in . look confuse . lester what the hell ya 's will dein 's in my garage ?! everyone remaine silest . calvin erhales , ' ger he courage ; then amblé up to lester . . , calvin dkay ... this whole deni ... we need to ... se : . J ( confined ) se oy . coveinge : lester tall in calvin 's face ! higga , whac ?! with what !! beat , ae calvin swallow a lump in his thromt . ' theo calvin = owant my barber shop back . lester you get my money ?! calvin see.. , 7 nag 2o use the money you give mar ... bus I 'l ) get it to you . lecter look at calvin like he 's lose he mind . : lester lenmée get this right . you break inte my tusiness . demand 2 give you the barber shop that do not helang tc you not mora , you de not have the $ 40000 the bay ie back , and you be not even get the $ 20,000 togeve vou this morning ? calvin say noch . lester burst out laugh . lester ( cont 'd ) monk , the nigga 's crazy . - monk mast be crazy , Mr. wallace . cali you will get the money back . Hut just the money you give I , ( heal , a rush of couraget ° tf that 's a problem you take it uo with the police --“ cur how 's '' it gonna logk with : '' that gtelan atw sittin’ ' in the middle ‘of you floor ? este glare fire at caivin . ricky sten forward . ricky and ell this car part over bthere -- the. one with the seria ] number scrazch off -- thet could cause somebody to igiake this place fer a chop shop . ikeak ) I do a 3i1 ' fencing for Big Carl ] back in - the day . .1 know the game . ( continued ) 1s . confined : ( 2 ) a bwiteh in lester 's aya . lester wonk ... . monk reach inte kis jacket for a weapon - ~ detective welliam 10.8 . ) chirago PD ! . everyone look up at detective william and # gang of officer come in the gavage fiom all anglee . monk sage off hig weapon . calvin smile . petective milltame icont 3 : calvin , you alright ? frlvin yean ...7I '' go . Real go calvin waik over to the ath . stoops down to it . calvin [ cont'd the ATM ig right over ... falvin 's word have gtopoe short because of whee he now see - close ow atw witha sticker read ° $ 50,000 reward if found " : pade cur . fade in : ext . barbershop - a new day ! 4 . '' grand re-opening * banner hange outeide the shop . '' int , barbershop - day '' can be , the loudest / one in ' hhe '' shop , en , excited to be 's here - ~- _. calvin T be not ave 's goin’ the arizonal they do not recogmize Martin lother fing 's 's birthday ! eogt bold up now . Martin . luther kirg wae a no . he be fuckin’ everything --. Arizona know . so on Monday take the day off to do some fuckin’ . and remember the dream . ( continved ) . fink | and : texcd | be 's deap a . c vereatl itl . continued : tinny latfend ) that 25 wrong ! people immediately Light in bo Eddie , disagreeing . laugh . yell . ths shop be spotless , meew paint , fixturee . another saturdey and evesyone loving every minute . a group of littie kide run excitedly inte the shen and up to calvin 's 's chair . little kid # 3 . : Galvin , you goc that cardy ? : little rio # 2 yeah , I want now & ater ! cblatin hey , .- show I that report card . the kid whip out repart carde . calvin study they , chen calvin ( cont : D ) aloight . the kid cheer happity as calvin resehe inte a drawer and pull aut a big back of candy , pass out sieme . as the kid then run out tas lambra track after thek 1 peck up richy stand in front of the radie /70 player but ‘he 's focus on the clock -- 9:59 . rieky lagk at calvin . calvin look st ricky . we notice the sigt '' no bap before 10.7 when the minute hand swing around the 10 , ricky smile and preasa play - the ghop be bath in the sound of method man . — ~ tsaac , dress in he barber 's : smock , cute the littie : boy ' wha '' get the. patch in . ' he head . a perfectionist '' at work ! 's . he terr place 'a hand on fiinka 's dm and , ami les int imately . dinka tuise ed wai to calvin . terri movee towards the cack raom . the capera pull right threamin the large benda a newly paint barber pole ia in the window . we continue > oubside and across the street to see the convenience siore -- a oe entrance on corvenience store and the same barmer hang that hang at the harmershop -- " grand re-cpening ~ ( comtinued + — to . cowzingro : ( 2 ) 4a beand new navigator pull up co the curb . jennifer step out from behind the wheel , calvin vushee out 9 the shop , step up to Jennifer and kiss she . he open the back door mf the Navigator and jemmifer lifte out '' mew born infant . gabvin ering proud , kiss the baby , then walk they inte the shop . . . : fade to black . . terri ( 0.5 - ) wait a minute . jshout ) who drank my get -damn apple juice ?! ant we're out !