after school speci al write by David H. Steinberg final shoot script ecember ; fade in : int . wlliam wall high school - hallway - day 1 as we wind down the crowded hallway in this typical american high school ... another corri dor 1a ... we hear all the sound of a standard porno flick , from the unenthusiastic scream of fake ecstasy to the cheesy music . int . wlliam wall high school - auditorium - day 1b the sound echo in the empty hall . behind the stage a light from a open door ... matt ( 0 . S. ) this be unwatchable . it 's not even in focus . and geez , look , the boom mike be in the shot . this be really shoddy work . int . wlliam wall high school - a/v room - day 10 the door lead into this room , as we continue on to a tv monitor display a sweaty guy 's ugly face . deacon ( 0.s. ) why do they always show the guy 's face ? it 's like , can not we just assume he 's enjoy it ? we slowly pull back fromthe tv . fred ( 0.8 . because they be tryi like we be better lo so we should be able as she . ) no t okin g k to aac deacon ( 0 . S. ) how the hell do you know ? fred ( 0.s. ) it 's a basic rule of porno . finally , we reveal we three heroes : matt , fred , and deacon . they be watch the porno ... int . wlliam wall high school - a/v room - day 2 chool with the sound turn way down , but you can 's the porno . the three guy be sit with they n on they lap to conceal any possible bonerage . final shoot scri pt 2 . deacon ( V. 0 . ) it all start on my seventeenth birthday with we usual morning routine : film appreciation . the school bell ring and deacon click off the tv . fred deacon ! what be you do ? | be watch that . deacon come on , let 's go . we be go to be eat . deacon ( v.0 . ) ( cont D ) and when | say tilm appreciation , | mean {ihm duplicaton . Fred steal they , Matt copy they , and ! sell they . Matt walk over to the tv and press eject on five vcr 's . the original plus four copy pop out . close on the original tape : " ramalot production present dirty Darla # 7 , " as Matt hand it to Fred and the copy to deacon . they smile . int . wlliam wall high school - cafeteria - day the guy be wait in line for lunch . deacon ( v.0 . ) Fred 's the kind of kid who 's basically give up on high school . he figure he glory day be way ahead of he . fred first , | go to Yale , then Harvard | aw , then when I be make a hundred grand a year , I will have a whole stable of hot chick sit around topless on my yacht . he smile ear to ear , look for approval . matt ( to deacon ) wil that work ? deacon ( to Fred ) you be a complete moron . deacon and Matt walk off . Fred call after they . fred what ? final shoot scri pt 3. int . wlliam wall high school - hallway - day 4 the video moni that read " fi Fred see two amazing girl walk towards he . deacon ( v.0 . ) until that big payday , Fred 's sex life consist of spanking it . amazing GI rl that test be sooo hard . or up and_down the hallway display a image teen bay till midterm . " p hat 's too much for Fred to take . he adjust he pants , turn ninety degree , and make a beeline for : not . boy ' bathroom - day 5 Fred |ook under the stall to make sure no one 's in there , hen enter a stall and lock the door . he put he book bag down , then pi ace a protector on the oilet seat and sits_down . he pull a large wad of toilet paper off the roll . then , from out of the book bag , Fred pull a bottle of moisty - mate hand lotion . he smile . not . william wall high school - hallway - day 6 Fred be walk to class when he spot _a hot girl , rub a stain off of she shirt . another hot girl grab she arm . _ hot girl / we be go to be late . be you come ? Fred perk up . not . boy ' bathroom - day 7 Fred walk into the stall and grab the toilet protector . deacon ( V. 0 . ) Fred average two to five time a day , depend on how many girl he see in the hall way . int . wlliam wall high school - hallway - day 8 Matt be videot aping the student ( include j.t. and Mark ) run down the h allway to class . Fred watch . deacon ( v.0 . ) now Matt -- Matt 's what you would call a late bloomer . Secretary of the audio Visual glub , amateur filmmaker , and complete ork . 10a 10 B final shoot scri pt 4 . j.t. and Mark grab Matt 's camera and film each other { tt ppl no he off . Matt grab it back and the twin walk away laugh . Fred shake he head . fred what be you do ? matt all great director start this way . I be document the essence of high school . teenager run to meet they destiny only to find it 's just home room it 's very existential . fred so 's my ball . see you later . omi tted 9 int . outside the locker room - day 10 Matt trudge into the locker room area , hold a towel to he bloody nose . deacon ( v.0 . ) in the normal course of uning , Mat t probably would not even have be we riend , but Fred like have someone to boss around , and | think Matt 's actually pretty cool once you get to know he . just then , the burly girl ' swm team coach come out of the girl ' locker room . she walk by Matt without notice , and the door to the locker roomclose slowly . Matt 's attention be draw to it . the door stop with a creak , a sliver of daylight still visible . Matt shake he head and start to walk away towards the boy ' locker room then , he stop . he 's tear . he 's still too immature to really be interested , but he think he should be . he look around quickly , then slowly approach the door . he turn he head sideways , and place it up against the crack . matte Pov 10 a the proverbial jackpot . teenage girl change . bras. panty . towel ... reverse angle 10b Matt 's eye widen . and then , they close tight . he quickly scurries away . deacon ( cont 'd ; v.0 . ) well , at least he 's get the key to the a / V room . final shoot scri pt 5 . int . wlliam wall high school - hallway - day 11 deacon talk quietly to a dorky freshman . deacon Darla # 7 be a modern classic . th ade - a porn , my friend . Worth alo than twenty dollar . dir be mor t be g t e dorky freshman sweet . he hand himthe money and deacon make the exchange for the tape . the freshman clutches it like gold and scurries away . deacon head out down the hallway towards he locker . he see a gaggle of teenage girl gossipe . deacon ( v.0 . ) a people always talk about how tough it be be a teenage girl . | mean , if | have to watch one more tv movie about bulimia or self mutilation or vaginal dryness ... deacon reach he locker and open it . he see some cheerleader bounce down the hallway . deacon take out some book for class . deacon ( cont 'd ; v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) 's be I will tell you what ' ally hard . be a seventeen year old boy . imagine what it 's like to have only one thing on you mind al | fay , every day , but to have absolutely no way of get it int . biology CLASS - day 12 close on a textbook show the anatomy of the vagina . pull back to reveal deacon , seemingly stare into space , but really stare at ... deacon ( V. 0 . ) testosterone be a drug more powerful than heroin . | do not really have any evidence to support that , but the point be , a | horny teenage boy will do almost anything for even a glimpse of sex . he biology teacher 's erect nipples visible through she conservative bra and blouse . aside from she flashin headlight , she 's the kind of woman you would not no if you be alone with she on a two - man luge . but t do not matter -- deacon can not take he eye off of ce even -s-e | at hem . 13 final shoot scri pt 6 . . bi ology teacher ( in the background ) ... the increase in the hormone — . testosterone cause certain physiological change in the adolescent male ... deacon bi 0 . we be sufferin uffering froma deep , debilite a diction to something we have never even have . teenage boy be like time bomb , ready to explode . behi nd deacon two guy be whisper . guy 1 do you hear about rachael ? guy 2 no , what happen ? guy 1 John baldwin nail she . deacon bolt upright and spin around , concerned . deacon be you talk about rachael unger ? guy 1 yeah . it be at Richard rosenblatt 's party . in the bathroom . deacon ( crush ) you be kid . int . deacon ' S bedroom - day ( flashback ) 13 rachael unger , deacon 's girlfriend at the time , be naked under deacon 's sheet after school one day . deacon enter fromthe bathroom and be immediately surprised by she state of undress . deacon rachael ! what be you do ? she sit up and strike a sexy pose . rachael n together for a year now , and | it be time to take we hip to the next level . deacon be become very nervous . final shoot scri pt deacon now ? rachael you have be talk about this for month . deacon do not think you be listen to I . suddenly , rachael become a little self - conscious . rachael do not you want to ? deacon of course | do . but , | , um ... | do not have anything ... she pull out a condom . rachael do . but he 's still hesitate . rachael ( cont 's D ) deacon , what 's the problem ? deacon look at she wait there for he , he for the take . a eternity pass . then , deacon have a math test tomorrow . int . biology CLASS - day ( end flashback ) the teacher clear her throat and deacon snap out of it . turn away fromthe guy behind he as they continue to describe the John baldwin incident . deacon ( V. 0 . ) " | have a math test tomorrow . " the bottom line be , | just could not do it . | do not know why , | just could not . and |'ve curse myself every day since then . deacon be suddenly ... int . wlliam wall high school - hallway - day ... very depressed as he trudge to he locker . which be nothing compare to how he feel when he | ook he final shoot scri pt 8 . down the hallway and see rachael at she locker , hugging some r°balbwnss oy '' bald er ji nel uding a good -! ook guy who must be joh achael look down the hallway towards deacon , but deacon duck away . now he 's even more embitter . ext . wlliam wall high school - parking lot - day 16 Fred and Matt be walk towards they bike after school . / fred do you videotape it ? matt ( sarcastically ) ; yeah . | take my camera to gymclass with I . fred you be the biggest moron | have ever know . just then , deacon come up to they . deacon hey , guy . here 's the money . he hand out the proceed for notice that deacon be a li matt something wrong ? omthe operation , and Matt tle out of sort . be t deacon let out a deep breath . deacon yeah . | hear rachael unger do it with John baldwin . fred well , you have you chance . | tell you to seal that deal . deacon shut up , Fabio . | do not see you sealing any deal . fred I be bide my time . deacon whatever . it just be not good timing . final shoot scri pt 9 . fred it do not get any better than that . you and rachael be perfect for each other . and naked girl do not just appear out of thin air . ( scoff ) " Il have a math test tomorrow . " deacon wii you shut up already ? ( beat ) , look , I have be think about this all day . we be junior now . uppercl assmen . matt so ? they reach the bike rack and start unlock they bike . deacon so we have a responsi bility to ourselves to start have fun and get girl . this year be we year . | . ( take the chain off he bike ) there 's nothing hold we back any more . over in the parking lot , jake , a studly senior , revs the engine on he truc two hot girl , ly and wend dy , sit on he bumper , chat . deacon ( cont ' D ) you see ? that 's exact actly what I 'mtalk about . that could be we . fred that 's not go to be we this year , or next year , or any year , ever . deacon why not ? all we have to do be follow the simple lesson of tony Montana in " scar ace matt ooh . good movie . . deacon and matt _ ( with Cuban accent ) " first you get the money , then you get the power , then you get the woman . " fred so , we " be go to become Cuban drug lord ? 17 18 final shoot scri pt 10 . deacon a listen , the porno pirate operation be bring in plenty of money . when | get my new car loni ght for my birthday , we will have the power of go wherever we want . then , there 's nothing stop we from get the girl . t 9 Fred and Matt look at deacon warily . be this a plan ? then , the hot girl and Jake drive past the guy . jake bye , sphincter ! they laugh , then peel out with the radio blast . fred nothing 's go to change , deacon . you be still go to be the kid who shit he ant in fifth grade and no one will ever et you forget it . deacon | have a stomach virus , asshole . just then , a super hot cheerleader drop she car key and bend over to pick they up . fred oh , that 's just not fair . Fred adjust himself . omi tted 17 int . video casa del russ a.k.a . russ's video magic - day 18 Fred arrive dress for work ( name tag , shirt , etc. ) and wave to russ , the scraggly owner of this small video rental store . Fred pass j.1t. , Mark , fendy and Kelly and a bunch of other customer on he way to the back section of the store . adult section Fred make sure Russ be not look and duck into the porno section . hurriedly , he pull out " half - cyborg 5 : final showdown " from his_book bag . but inside the case be the tape for " dirty Darla # 7 . " he make the switch . Fred sigh a breath of relief , smile , and walk out of the adult section ... MAIN area ... fight into ... final shoot scri pt 11 . russ get cha ! Fred scream . russ ( cont ' D ) I have be watch you . he shoulder and throw he up against im with every word . russ ( cont ' D ) that movie be not for little monkey - boy ! aaaaaahhhhhhhh ! he customer stop to stare at the scene . Fred break free , and Russ chase after he . russ come back here , you bastard ! er he and dive at Fred 's leg , knock he alt tape over . the tape fly everywhere . Fred Russ start shouting at Fred so that everyone can hear . a crowd gather around to watch the spectacle . russ ( cont ' D ) what else you get in here ? Russ rip open Fred 's bag and pull out item , look for more tape . Fred try to stop he , but the old man have a iron grip and keep he away . Fred cringe as Russ expose porno magazine , kl eenex issue , baby wipe , the bottle of moisty - mate firming lotion , qtip , woman 's sexy underwear , surgical glove ... Wendy and Kelly be completely gross out . russ ( cont ' D ) ( totally confuse ) what 's this for ? ... and a barbie-type doll with a pullstring . Russ pull it . doll I be candy . let 's play dress -up . the crowd be now seriously disturb . MARK dude . 19 20 21 22 FI nal shoot scri pt 12 . Fred sit there , whimper on the ground . ext . suburban STREET - day 19 deacon drive the dmv tester car under the watchful eye of he dmv tester . deacon and | signal exactly two hundred foot before the turn . rule 108-1. he unimpress tester remain expressionless . dmv tester great . now after the right , | want you to paraliel park in the open space . deacon comply . deacon / | begin the parallel parking maneuver by pull within three foot of the forward vehicle . | now shift into reverse while turn the wheel two revolution clockwise . he tester rub he brow . not . dmv - day 20 flash ! deacon 's picture be take . he pass . omi tted 21 not . deacon ' S house - day 22 t's dark , but suddenly the light come on . . everyone surprise ! deacon pretend to be surprised . deacon wow . this be great . he roomis sparsely po ulate with a few of deacon 's relative , he mom and young brother max ( 14 ) , and roger , a wheel chair - bound mel with a face full of orthodontic headgear and brace . matt . be you surprised ? final shoot scri pt 13 . deacon yeah . matt really ? deacon really . | be . roger : happy birthday , deacon . it 's lois Lane # 2 . be careful . it 's still in the wrapper . he hand deacon a comic book , still in the plastic bag . deacon thanks . 23 int . deacon ' S house - later 23 half -eaten cake and ice cream , unwrapped present . Matt videotape the event . mr . lews be you ready for the big present ? _ deacon ; ( lay it on thick ) you mean there 's more ? deacon can hardly contain he excitement . mr . lew S it 's in the garage . come with we . he follow they , look back knowingly at Fred and matt. 24 int . deacon ' S house - garage - day ( conti nuous ) 24 the door open , the light come on , and deacon 's face drop . no new car . instead , several large wrap box . deacon halfheartedly rip open the paper . mr . lew S it 's a new computer system . you have be talk about it for month . but he Mom can see he expression . mrs . lews what ? that 's not what you want ? deacon no , it be . it 's just -- final shoot scri pt 14 , max I will take it . mrs . lews Max ! mr . lews we can exchange it if it 's not the right one . deacon no , | just think -- | think you guy be buy I that car | want . Max snicker . mrs . lews a car ? why do you need a car ? mr . lew S you can ask permission to use we car whenever you want , champ . they put they arm around deacon and smile warmly . deacon look over at he parent ' aerostar minivan . everyone move back into the house , except deacon 's parent , who linger . mr. lew S ( cont 'd ) | tell you he do not want a new computer . mrs . lews . . like you know what anyone in this house really want . 25 int . deacon ' s$ bedroom - NI ght 25 the guy set up the computer . deacon be really depressed . deacon now what be we go to do ? fred at least you get this great party . matt / actually , we be expect a lot more people . Fred el bow he . what ? matt ( cont ' D ) at ? _ deacon you invite more people ? final shoot scri pt 15 . fred well , we do send out flyer to like three hundred people from school . deacon and no one show up ? roger | do . deacon look back at Roger . deacon great . roger uh , guy . no one show up because they be all at Tom cooperman 's house . he 's have a keg party . fred what ? why do not | hear about this ? that shit 's not right . roger | hear it from rahim . he beam I the 411 in study hall . a beat . deacon 's anger turn to action . deacon let 's go . matt why ? fred / yeah . Tom cooperman kick I in the ball in third grade , and | swear there be still a footprint on my nutsack . deacon / / come on , guy . can | just get one thing that | as or on my goddamn birthday ? matt he 's get a point . fred Fine . watch you ball . 25a omi tted 25a 25b 26 27 final shoot scri pt 16 . int . coop be house - NI ght 25b close on a set of foot , stomping on a Sony d.d.r. mat . reveal tom cooperman dance u competi tion against several ch oop 's move . p a storm , in a heat . al | penger . the crow go wild the doorbell ring . continue he dance step , coop move to the door . ext . coop be house - front door - NI ght 26 deacon , Fred , and Matt stand on the porch , wait . the door open , and we see coop dance all the way to the front door . coop ( ad lib ) grommet s! deacon hey , coop . can we come in ? coop un - pocket a tiny piece of paper with a thousand name on it . he examine it for a long time . coop sorry , son , that , 909 will not hunt . y'all be not 'on the lis he go t of close the door . deacon stop it with he foot . be inch . deacon coop . it 's my birthday today , so cut I some slack , all right ? coop look he over , then open the door . coop ( ad lib ) . well , pickle mte urnip , why do not you say so ? happy birthday , friend . the guy look at each other , excited . they look back at Roger , five foot behind they at the bottom of the step . roger Little help ? int . coop be house - NI ght 27 people drink , dance , couple make out . Girls everywhere . and over near the keg be ... final shoot scri pt 17 . deacon ( in_a trance ) . oh , my god. there 's naomi . fred she look good . hot and there 's naom , every teenage boy 's fantasy , a bump be rg party dress and drink a cup of beer . someone no ightly close on she |i ps as the beer dribble down she chin , and the world go still . she prayrully wipe the beer off she moisten lip and chin with the ba of she hand . she turn she head and she hair float in the air . deacon and fred be zomby , completely mesmerize by she . red she spill she beer . deacon yeah . Fred adjust he pants . deacon make a decision . one that he would normally never make . deacon ( cont ' D ) I be gonna go talk to she . what have | get to lose ? fred you dignity ? deacon she 's rachael 's friend . it 's not like | do not know she . matt ask she if she have any unusual hat . Girls like that . deacon give Matt a dirty look . the keg area deacon hey , naomi . naomi happy birthday , deacon . final shoot scri pt 18 . deacon ( pleasantly surprised ) you remember . naom | well , | get this flyer and -- deacon oh , right . so where 's Jake ? naomi like | care . dea ( hopeful ) so you two be not go out any more ? naomi duh . deacon 's mind be racing with possibility when : jake ( 0.s. ) freakin ! it 's Jake , back for another beer . | jake ( cont ' D ) hey , do you hear about rachael unger ? before deacon can answer ... jake ( cont ' D ) he shoot , he miss , right , ass - . sphincter ? come on , naomi . we be go in the pool . naomi / screw off . |' mtalk to deacon . jake what ever . naomi what ever . Jake give deacon a dirty look , nod a '' let 's go " to j.t. and Mark , and head out back . naomi ( cont 's D ) what a asshole . as soon as Jake be out of sight , deacon turn back to naomi , but she 's already go , stranding deacon . what just happen ere ? reveal Matt help Roger drink a beer in the background . 28 final shoot scri pt 19 . ext . coop be house - back yard - later 28 deacon wander out back . it 's very dark and there be several gople in the pool , include Jake 's good -! ook friend , elly , Wendy , j.t. , and MARK . it 's hard to tell in the dark water , but it look like they might not be wear any clothes . deacon see this and start to walk away . j.t. deacon . | hear it be you birthday . come on in the pool , man . deacon no , that 's okay . MARK no , seriously . it 's cool . kelly ( come hither ) come on , deacon . wendy yeah . come on . deacon think about it . he take the metaphorical plunge . deacon all right . he slip off he shoe and take off he shirt . he walk over to the shallow end . deacon step in with he short still on . MARK dude , what be you do ? take off you clothes . deacon what ? wendy we be skinny dip , deacon . he hesitates , not sure what to do . deacon oh. okay . sorry , I will just leave you guy alone then - - kelly - no , come on in . join we . Wendy swim into j.t. 's arm . her shoulder rise above the water and you can just make out the top of she breast . final shoot scri pt 20 . deacon look at she , think it over , and finally ... slip off he short . he get into the pool in he underwear , then slip they off , too , and throw they on the side of pool . deacon wow . this feel amazing . someone splashes Kelly , she giggle and the other kid swim around . kell se 8 y swim by deacon sedu thively and he smile . jake ( 0.58 . coop 's do funnel . come on . it 's Jake , by the side of the pool with deacon 's clothes . the other people swimto the front , and get out of the pool ... . wear clothes ! even Wendy , in a strapless bra . ( rubb no it in ) rub it in sorry , dude . deacon hey , give I back my clothes ! ; jake freakin ? | can not see you . maybe | need to turn on the light . scene . deacon panic . people 's look at he , | aughing . then , the cheesy color bool ts come on , flash slowly . and he do . the backyard jhant go on illuminate the be ligh deacon be humiliate . Jake bend down to whisper to deacon . / jake ( cont'd do you really think naomi be into you ? deacon do not respond . but it 's not enough for Jake . he pick up deacon 's underwear with a stick and examine they . jake ( cont " D ) oh my God ! skid mark . aaaahhh , deacon shit he pants again ! deacon no , | do not ! give they back ! Jake do a victory lap around the pool with deacon 's underwear on the stick . everybody be laugh . / jake sphincter boy shit he pants ! 28 a 29 29 a 29b 30 final shoot scri pt 21 . int . coop be house - NI ght ( conti nuous ) Jake lock the slide glass door and wave at deacon in the pool . the group taugh and walk away . ext . coop be house - back yard - later deacon be still t in finally , the light venture out of the pool , shiver and shrivel . n off in the back yard , and deacon he tur pool . he grab a inflatable elephant pool toy and slip it around he private . he slowly sneak around the house . ext . coop be house - side of the house - night ( conti nuous ) a dog bark ! he snarl at deacon stand there wear only the pool toy . deacon run away into the ext . coop be house - driveway - night ( conti nuous ) the Dog be right behind he deacon struggle with he . deacon hey , watch the nad ! but it 's no use . the dog bite the front of the pool toy and it start to deflate ... ... just _as_the headlight of a car pull into the driveway . deacon freeze . he desperately try to cover himself wit the rapidly diminish loy be jerk away by the dog in a motion that make it look like deacon 's get a doggie hummer . a man get out of the car . coop 's S dad what the hell kind of sick shit be this ? ext . wlliam wall high school - parking lot - day the next day , the guy be at the bike rack , when a hot sport car drive by . deacon be visibly bum . deacon you know how long it 's go to take to save up for a car sell porno tape twenty buck a pop ? Fred look down . what ? deacon ( cont " D ) at ? fred there 's a small problem . 28a 29 29a 29b 30 31 32 final shoot scri pt 22 . matt what ? fred | get fire yesterday . Russ catch I and go berserk . some sort of sting operation he 's be plan for month . | do not know . deacon you be kid I , right ? tell I you be kid . fred no . and now | have to work twice a week at my dad 's office . | fold you this scarface plan be stupid deacon great . so now we have get no girl , no car , and no money . fred and no porn . matt tony Montana would be very disappointed . deacon be once again ... int . biology CLASS - day 31 ... very depressed , as he sit , bored out of he mind in he biology class . bi ology teacher now turn you textbooks to ch hapt er six , the Animal Kingdom . as you should know by now , biology be the study of life , in al its infinite variety . deacon continue to stare at she perpetually hard nipple . bi ology teacher ( cont ' D ) so to keep thing a little fun around here , tomorrow we be take a field trip to the zoo . deacon bury he head in he hand . ext . wlliam wall high school - parking lot - day 32 deacon be talk to the dorky freshman near the bike rack . final shoot scri pt 23 . dorky freshman be this some kind of extortion racket ? I would pay you double if you can get I something today . deacon I be sorry . there 's nothing we can do for a while . we do not have anything new . dorky freshman I 'mdy . | just need something . just then , naomi walk by on she way to the parking lot . _ deacon hey , naomi . what be you up to ? naomi / go home to cram for midterm . wth a look , deacon shoos away the freshman dork . deacon oh. | could help you . | mean , if you need any help . naomi . that 's okay . I will be all right . deacon search for something meaningful to say . desperate pot to . Tet the moment pass he by . naomi cut he some slack y ask , naomi ( cont 's D ) so where do rachael go off to ? deacon | she go to Paris with the french Club . ( then , take a chance ) we be see other people . she laugh at h laugh with h be attempt at be nonchalant . but she 's i e difference . he be 8 m , not at he , and deacon can tell elax ... jake ( 0 . S. ) hey , sphincter . ... just as Jake drive up to they . deacon be start to really get piss at Jake ruin the moment with naomi . deacon look , can you please stop call I that ? | think we be old enough to just let it go . all right ? final shoot scri pt 24 . jake / oh , sure . sorry about that ... shit-pant . he look at naomi . _ jake ( cont 'd ) hi , naomi . naomi what ever . she turn she back to Jake and he smile fade . he revs the engine and peel out backward . deacon jump out of the way , but he bike be crushed by the car . jake oops . sorry . he shift gear and drive over the bike again . he laugh as he drive away . naomi give deacon a pity !ook and walk away . the moment be go . now deacon be ... 33 int . aerostar - day 33 piss . his crush bike be in the back seat . deacon ( emphatic ) look , mom . | need a car . mrs . lews but | think we agree -- deacon | need a car of my own . mrs . lews well , honey . a car be a lot of responsibility . deacon Jesus , Mom I be seventeen now . | think | can handle it . _ mrs . lew S well , it 's also a lot of money . I will tell you what . maybe you can get a after school job to earn money for a car . I will talk to you father . deacon be stewing . 34 omi tted 34 35 36 final shoot scri pt 25 . int . fred' bedroom - day 35 close on a web browser as the follow url be type in : www. nicel ookinggirlsthatgetnaked4U. com . the cyber granny parental block pop up . denied . www. homeroomteachersdoingitbeforeschool.com cyber granny . denied . www. ineedfreepornnow . org deni ed . fred goddamn it . matt you dad really know he firewall . deacon burst into the room . fred / hey , asshole . do not just come barging in here . we could have be naked . Matt give Fred a look . deacon ( excited ) shut up . | figure out how to get back on the tony Montana track .... so , I be at the zoo today ... ext . zoo - day 36 a crowd of people ( include deacon 's biology class ) be watch something in the monkey cage . bi ology teacher people ! people ! come quickly . wmtness the miracle of nature at its most primal . she 's videotape it , and deacon look up at her video viewfinder . it 's a monkey orgy . masturbation and fornication everywhere . deacon ( v.0 . ) and this monkey be do it . | mean , they be go wild . and miss Ariel be videotape it . 37 final shoot scri pt 26 . bi ology teacher ( get hot and bother wth one final thrust of he penis , the male deposit he move on . , ( suddenly bitter ) . probably to a young , more desirable female . one who do not have any " issue . " whatever that mean . deacon ( v.0 . ) that 's when it hit I . ) eng see orge eed and just then , a glob of '' somet hing 's shoot out towards the crowd ( sfx ) everyone duck , except for Roger , who 's can not move quic ly enough in he wheelchair . tts himin the face , rip down he orthodontia . roger a little help ! deacon ( V. 0 . ) well , Roger actually ... int . fred' bedroom - day 37 what ? fred at ? deacon let 's make one . matt one what ? deacon a movie . matt great ! that 's perfect ! I have already get a idea for a kind_of sci-fi horror thing . it 's like " the shine " meet " the jetson . " deacon . no , you moron . a porno film . Fred light up . fred even better . deacon and check this out . the best part of all , be I have get a angle . final shoot scri pt 27 . they | ook they | ook crack up . fred what kind of angle ? deacon we can make porno that cater to guy like we . fred you mean virgin . deacon yes . adult film make by virgin for virgin . matt wth good cinematography . fred and cute , nice girl . the kind you would want to take to dinner with you parent . deacon right . no shot of sweaty guy ' face . fred and nothing up the butt . at he fred ( cont 'd ) what ? | do not like it when they put stuff up they butt . matt this have to be nicely edit . we should shoot on super 16 and transfer to video . deacon no , Matt . we will shoot it on you video camera . we be not get any expensive equi pment . fred how be we go to get the woman to star in the film ? matt and the guy . deacon | do not know . we will surf the net . we will figure it out . at each other for a beat . finally , Fred and Matt final shoot scri pt 28 . what ? deacon ( cont ' D ) at ? fred hat be really funny . deacon just look at they , piss . deacon " m serious about this . matt we can not make a porno movie . fred do you have any idea how much trouble we would get in ? deacon do you have any idea how much money we would make ? a beat . matt like how much ? deacon enough for a car . enough for more camera shit . to take girl out . | do not know . for whatever we want . beat . beat . beat . they be think about it . fred what about the moral implication ? deacon it 's a free market transaction between consent adult . what 's the problem ? fred we be not adult . matt he 's get a point , deacon . deacon guy , tell I the truth . have not you ever wonder ... have not you ever imagine what it would be like to make one ? matt not really . deacon turn to Fred , who look guilty . 38 final shoot scri pt 29 . fred okay . sure . I have think about it . I have think about shave principal taggert 's ass , too . a look , then deacon get up to seal the deal . deacon he be a opportunity we should not ip away . if we make this movie , it e the best year of we life . of in boy 's and come out man . and at , we will have the money , the power , woman . but you loser would h play it sate . well , I be not go to waste another minute . |'m make this pore movie with or without you . and when show up at school in my new set of wheel , and you two limp dick be begging I for be sloppy second , I will just have tote | you sorry , guy . that ship have sail blow it a ringing silence . matt ( sincerely ) that be a really good speech , deacon . deacon thanks . matt do you work that out before ? deacon no , Matt . fred okay . so say we be to do this . what would we call we company ? matt / I have get it . " after School special . " they look at he it 's perfect . int . office build - day 38 we follow a woman dress in a frederick of Hollywood type outfit , walk down the hall way past office suite ; a mortgage company , a dentist , etc . she enter a office . as the door close behind she , we see the sign on the door , " ramalot production . " 39 final shoot scri pt 30 . int . VIC be " studio " - continuous 39 a small , vertically integrate porno produc blow-up of the company 's box cover on the of copy of title on shelf , a small sta adj oi ning room . ompany . ; hundred t will VIC ramalot , whose face we recognize from dirty Darla # 7 , enter fromthe set . his partner , mike , help he on with he robe . MI ke / that be good . some good action . VIC I have get a question for you Mike , and | want you to promise to be completely honest . MI ke sure . of course , Vic . Vic look at he , vulnerable . VIC do you think I 'mtoo fat ? MI ke be you kid ? the camera love you . VIC seriously ? MI ke absolutely . VIC thanks , man . Vic give Mike a jive hand shake and the two do a little hug . over Mike 's shoulder , Vic see the woman who 's come into the office . VIC ( cont ! D ) Darla , sweetheart . ready for number eight ? Darla drop she top and head for the bathroom . darla sure , Vic , lemme freshen up first . VIC ( to Mike ) be he in there ? Mike nod , lead Vic through a door , into 40 41 final shoot scri pt 31 . int . conference room - conti nuous 40 where there 's a i bly frightened man ( cameo for ron rribl Jeremy , etc. ) to a chair with a gag in he mouth . the ied Vic shake he head , pick up a pair of rusty hedge clipper fromthe table . he snap they open . VIC so , you think you can just walk into my town and move in on my territory ? the man take a quick |ook down at he own crotch , fear the worst . he shake he head , plead through he gag . int . doctor' office - day 41 the guy be huddle behind the frost window of Fred 's dad 's office , stand away fromthe recepti oni ST . fred / we have get to have two form of i.d. to prove she 's over eighteen . deacon how much money do we need ? _ fred st time porno actress make only two t for if of five hundred buck . ir ty . matt ; that 's it ? do that include the sex ? deacon yes , Matt . matt / so how do we get woman for this movie ? fred we place a ad in the Cleveland X - Press for " body model . " that 's like some sort of code word in the industry . matt be we suppose to have sex with this woman ? deacon no , matt. a nurse walk in . nurse Fred , you father want you to take this urine sample down to the | ab . final shoot scri pt 32 . fred okay . in a minute . Fred put the sample down . she roll she eye then | eave . just then , fred ( cont 'd ) we also need a adult signature to set up the bank account and the web site . matt let 's use principal taggert 's name . fred oh yeah , good idea . that will never come back to haunt we . deacon then whose name should we use ? mr . greitzer come into the office . grei tzer I be Ronald greitzer here for my 4:00 appointment . recepti oni ST okay , Mr. greitzer . I will let the doctor know you be here for you ... ( check the book ) rectal exam . have a seat . he leave and Fred look at deacon , mischievously . a beat . deacon no way . fred why not ? it 's perf greitzer 's signatu card number , and h he credit ect . my dad 's get Mr. be on file . be social security number ... deacon and he will never find out ? fred / / it 's not like we be go to send he we annual report . it will just be like a official name of record or something . deacon okay . cool . the nurse return . 41a final shoot scri pt 33 . nurse and take this fecal and semen sample , 00 . she hand Fred two more container , and the guy exit . ext . STREET - day 41a the guy ride they bike towards the lab to deliver the sample . fred and we need porno name . deacon what do you mean ? fred it 's a basic rule of porno . all people affiliate with the production of a adult film have porno name so they friend do not recognize they . matt oh , you mean like " johnny hardmember " ? fred exactly . that 's a good one . I will be ball mclongcock . matt ooh , | like it . deacon guy . that kind of name be just for the actor . matt you be just jealous that you do not have a cool porno name like we . deacon okay , fine . then I be Sam ... ( search ) slam . Sam slam . the back door man . Matt and Fred look at each other , then deacon . matt that name suck . fred you do not get it , do you a porno name need to be a very subtle thing . Fred gesture and drop the sample which splatter all over the ground . 42 43 final shoot scri pt 34 . deacon ; sorry , ball . | guess I be still new at this . _ fred Matt , pick that up . int . deacon ' S house - kitchen - NI ght 42 the family dinner . mr. lews and |'mtell the guy , he 's get to use form nd - 45 for a {hitd - party beneficiary , but Johnson 's gotta be the big man . " we have be use nd - 90 for twenty - two year . " but Johnson 's a idiot . he do not know nd - 90 do not even exist anymore . Mom yawn . the phone ring and she get it . mrs. lews hel | 0 ? ( cover phone ) deacon , it 's for you . it 's a young lady name pal omina . deacon choke on he food . he get up quickly and grab the phone . Max be eyeball he , so deacon walk with the phone into the other room and talk softly . deacon ; yeah. 345 remson . that 's right . great . Wednesday , three to five . look forward to work with you , too . he hang up and return to the kitchen to see the whole family stare at he , curious . deacon ( cont 'd ) I 'mtutor someone ... in math . to earn money for a car . he force a smile . int . deacon ' S bedroom - day 43 the guy be busy set up audition . deacon no , we do not pay bus fare . jump CUT to : final shoot scri pt 35 . fred sure , you can bring you dog . beat ) oh. no , that 's okay . better leave he home . jump CUT to : matt thanks . you sound sexy , too . jump CUT to : the guy be get excited . fred | can not believe this be work . 44 int . basement set - other room - day 44 and there 's Matt , wear a shirt and tie , nervously sit in the rec room with a room full of crack whore . they be a motley crew of fat , old , toothless , spandex - wear streetwalker ( include one transvestite ) . a uncomfortable silence pervade the room Matt turn to one woman wear a rainbow - color halter top . matt when you have sex with a strange man , do you imagine it 's like you boyfriend or somet hing ? she just look at he . deacon ( 0 8 ) . ( over a walkie talkie ) we be ready . over . Matt pick up he walkie talkie . matt Roger . over . he look at he clipboard and turn to the first woman . matt ( cont ' D ) you can go in now . she get up and walk through the curtain . 45 46 final shoot scri pt 36 . int . deacon' basement - day 45 the basement be set up with a casting couch . Fred and deacon be also dress in jacket and tie . the crack Whore make she way over to they they stare at she , slackj awed . deacon take a seat please . fred hi , I be ball mclongcock and this be Sam sl be . / crack whore tequila . you boy seem kind of young . deacon do not worry . we be old enough . fred tequila . Nice name . so , have you do any film before ? crack whore | be in some home movie . stuff like that . some picture . she toss a stack of Polaroid at they . the top one have she stand next to a horse . Fred be speechless . deacon okay then . | think we have what we need . we will call you . she 's confuse . crack whore so you do not want I to suck you two off ? they look at each other . deacon no , | do not think that will be necessary at this time . fred maybe later . int . deacon ' S basement - later 46 the whore be go . matt maybe if we put another ad in and say we be only look for good | ook model . 47 48 final shoot scri pt 37 . they look at he with disdain . fred / there 's get to be another way to recruit porno actress . int . deacon ' S bedroom - NI ght 47 flash ! Three digital image of the guy be line up on deacon ' computer monitor a thanks Mom and dad ! ) . deacon be digitally alter the photo of Fred to give hima goatee . Matt 's photo have already get mutton chop and deacon 's look sweet with a fu-manchu . deacon | say we make they from Hawaii . matt hawai i ? deacon i it 's perfec do you know what a Hawaii driver 's I cense ook like ? matt no. deacon exactly . fred but be not it go to seema little suspicious ? like why be we in Cleveland ? deacon vacation . people from Cleveland vacation in Hawaii , where do you think people from hawai i go ? Matt and Fred look at each other . they shrug , then , matt aloha . int . deacon ' S house - family room - NI ght 48 the next night . the three guy walk downstairs dress in Hawaiian shirt . deacon 's parent be read and Max be watch tv . deacon hey , mom . can | borrow the car ? mrs . lews ~ | have to go to the video store later . 49 49 a 50 final shoot scri pt 38 . deacon but , mom . you say | could use the car , but it 's never free . mrs . lews all right , deacon . I will walk to the store . max / where be you guy go ? deacon out . mr. lew S / why be you boy dress like Don Ho ? fred this be the new style , Mr. Lewis . max yeah , for ass - wrangler . mrs. lews Max ! int . aerostar - NI ght 49 Inside the car ( still in the garage ) , the three guy apply they fake facial hair to match they three new fake i . ss . fred _ / be we really go to do this ? deacon oh , yeah . he start the ignition , and a easy listening tune blast on the radio , ruin the moment . the guy look at each other for a beat , then deacon quickly change the station to a rock ing song , and get back into the mood for adventure . deacon ( cont ' D ) ( once again ) oh , yeah . they pull out and drive off . ext . cleveland - NI ght 49a the minivan descend out of the suburb into the light of the big city below . ext . the pretty kitty club - NI ght 50 close on the aerostar 's bumper sticker : , " my child be on the honor roll at wiliam Wall High School final shoot scri pt 39 . the guy step out of the car and see for the first time the Holy grail of boyhood fantasy : the neon outline of a topless woman at the entrance to this upscale strip club . they stop and stare for a beat , before finally get up the nerve to walk up to a menace bouncer sit on a stoo outside the entrance , read " the princess diary . " bouncer l.d.' . they confidently pull out the i.d. 's and hand they over . bouncer ( cont ' D ) / Richard runningbear from Hawaii ? what bring you guy to Cleveland ? fred matt busi ness . vacat i on . deacon we be on business , he 's on vacation . he hand the i.d. 's back . bouncer well , " tiki-alohi-noa-lohi . " deacon sorry ? bouncer that 's Hawaiian for " welcome . " fred ri ght . of course . we just move to Hawaii a few month ago . have not pick up the local lingo yet . they force smile and wait for the answer ... bouncer okay . have a good time , guy . deacon grab the i.d. 's and push the other two forward . he grab the handle to the door . bouncer ( cont ' D ) oh , and guy . _ ( beat ) Nice lamination job . fred thanks ! the bouncer close the door on they . busted . 51 final shoot scri pt 40 . deacon / ; ; look . we have to get into this strip bar . matt / the , next two year of high school depend on it . bouncer how old be you guy ? deacon twenty -seven . fred thirty -five . matt sixteen . Fred smack he . bouncer sorry , guy . hen , deacon we have get money . deacon pull out a wad of cash . the bouncer | ook around , hen think about it for a second . not . the pretty kitty club - NI ght 514 we track the guy as they slowly move down the dark corridor oward the iight . each guy be in he own little world , Matt and Fred follow deacon as he take the first nervous step . first the neon light hit they , then the smell of liquor and sweat , the sound of barroomchatter , and finally the ; grind blast of music , so powerful it seem to stop themin heir track . they eye bug out . scanti ly - clad wai tress wal King bye as they move further into he club , they see actual stripper solicit |ap dance and some topless dancers onstage . Fred smile ear to ear . he guy be lock in_a dee rimordial trance , break only by the voice of a cocktail wai tress . cocktail wai tress what '!l !| you boy have ? two drink mini mum . fred / huh ? oh. I will have a scotch . straight up . on the rock . final shoot scri pt 41 . she look at himlike he 's a idiot . matt I will have a seven and seven . deacon uh , same . she leave . deacon '' cont . D ) what 's a seven and seven ? matt | do not know . but there order one and sound . numerical . over hear th | like t Way it at e the es the wait 's come back with they drink . he pay she and then t raise t itr n they heir glass . deacon to after School special . matt and fred to after School special . they drink . and choke . matt it taste like poison . a beautiful stripper in a american flag bikini approach . ameri can flag stripper be you boy interested in a dance ? they look at each other . fred okay ? she take Fred 's hand and walk he over to a private danc couch . as the next song start , a curtain lower around fr ed and the stripper . Fred be a little freak out . in silhouette she strip off she top revealing h be er big american breast s- she rub up and down Fred 's body , shaki y no she hair in hi face . Matt and deacon watch intent matt cool . back to scene final shoot scri pt 42 . the song_end , the curtain come up , and Fred be smile ear to ear . the stripper get dress and Fred pay she . ameri can flag stripper you want another dance ? fred uh , not fi ght now , thank you . | have to go to the bathroom . he try to get up , but the stripper stop he ameri can flag stripper wel ! how about you buy I a drink ? fred okay . she sit down on Fred 's lap . right on he boner . fred ( cont ' D ) uhhhhh . amer ! can flag stripper ( to the waitress ) Seven and seven . matt you want mine ? she laugh . ameri can flag stripper so what bring you boy to the pretty Kitty ? matt we be from Hawaii . deacon actually , we be filmmaker . we be here look for new talent . ameri can flag stripper really ? deacon yeah , we be ook for some beautiful lady look to break into film . you interested ? ameri can flag stripper no . they look defeat . 51a final shoot scri pt 43. ameri can flag stri pper ( cont 's D ) but | know someone who be . a beat , then time stand still once more for we heroes as ashley make she entrance . she look barely | 1 e9ah dress in a Catholic school girl outfit , and walk up to they . ashley / hi , I be Ashley . you guy be filmmaker ? matt video actually . they will not let I shoot on film . deacon pull out he wad of cash . deacon look . we be pay top doll h only , no anal , and we be di rib through we web site . ashley be not you kind of young ? deacon be not you ? you know we be goin no to need two form of i.d. to prove you be over ei ght een . ashley I 'meighteen . do not worry . fred then you be hire . matt should not we audition she first ? ashley do not worry . you guy relax and have a few drink . by the time the night 's over , you will know I be you girl . strip club montage : int . the pretty kitty club - NI ght 51a - Ashley slink through the tog on age and work the pole like good girl should : gentle but | ag various other St rie pp ( a swedish stripper name plantain , the american flag '' try be , a black stripper , and a exotic e thry gu 's rap dance , dance on the ily suck up to they . drink like there 's no tomorrow . er stripper ) give t bee carousel , and genera y g the guy be poundin 51b 51c 51d 51e 52 final shoot scri pt 44 , Fred be nuzzling between plantain 's asset . deacon lick the exotic stripper 's salty neck and downs a tequila shot . the three quy be all on the bar now , do a | choreograph dance routine , and stripping to they underwear . ext . amusement park - NI ght - close on a trashcan , the guy be throw up . pull back to reveal : Boot and rally . the guy wipe they face and join a gaggle of stripper head into a amusement Park . ext . amusement park - various booths - NI ght carney game . Matt win a stuff animal for plantain . cotton candy , roller coaster ride , etc . ext . amusement park - fudge factory - NI ght - the group be cramme into a booth at the fudge Factory , eat ice cream sundae . Matt shoot the straw wrapper at one stripper . she whip some ice cream at he . food fight ! ext . deacon' house - dawn - Ashley be do oppi no the guy off back at deacon 's house in the aerostar . she write down she information on a picture of herself . there 's a car full of stripper wait for she . - just then , Jake pull into the driveway next door . he see the stripper and the guy . end montage . int . VIC be " studio " - day a lady dress in sexy clothes and eat chicken wing from a huge bucket be wait around on the set , but Vic be over talk to Mike . VIC someone 's be recruiting new talent . MI ke Jimmy rimmer say they be from Hawaii . VIC why the hell would someone from Hawaii come to Cleveland ? 51b 51c 51d 51e 52 final shoot scri pt 45 . MI ke vacation ? there 's the rock and Roll Hall of Fame . Vic think it over . VIC that 's true . Vic regains he train of think . VIC ( cont 'd ) what be this ? " F " with Vic month ? if any more amateur start move in on my territory , I be go to get really mad . Vic open the drawer and pull out a gun . he cock it menacingly . MI ke who you gonna shoot ? Vic 's bluff have be call . reluctantly , VIC | do not know . MI ke calm down , vic. | do not need you all agitate . you still get five film to star in today . VIC you be right , mkey . Mike take the gun from Vic and put it away . mi ' do not worry . I will find this guy and take care of it . Vic cheer up a bit . VIC you hungry ? MI ke yeah , | could eat . VIC grab some | unch ? mike yeah , okay . the two head out for lunch , leave the bondage lady sit there , confuse . 53 final shoot scri pt 46 . int . deacon ' S bedroom - day 53 deacon wake up sick as a dog . all the shade be draw , but Fred and Matt be already hard at work on the computer . they seem completely fine , with no sign of deacon 's hangover . deacon what be you guy do ? fred / we come up with a great idea . we be go to presell the video by posting the script on the website . deacon wil that work ? matt | do not know . but it 's kind of fun . we just write this whole thing about the girl ' locker room . fred one thing , though . if we motto be " by virgin , for virgin , '' | be think we should put a picture of one of we on the web site to sort of sell the image . matt you be not put my picture up there . deacon it do not really have to be one of we , though , do it ? he grab the yearbook . | nsert : roger' face , as ball mclongcock , proudly display on the web site , hawk the first feature film ( come soon ) of after School special with the motto , " by virgin , for virgin . " a quick knock on the door and deacon 's Mom come in . mrs . lew S deacon , look who 's here . you friend , Jake . Jake enter , all smile . jake hi , guy . Fred quickly shut off the monitor . final shoot scri pt 47 . mrs . lem you kid have fun . and she leave . jake . what the hell 's go on , sphincter ? deacon what be you do here ? jake | see the stripper . and some crack whore name saffron come over my house the other day look for you guy . fred we do not know what you be talk about . Jake take some page off the printer . jake what 's this ? " oh , my God . there 's a boy at the door look at we naked in the shower . " he flip a page . jake ( cont ! D ) " the a/v Club Secretary lather all of they glisten body . nol ' mso dirty , 's she moan . " what the hell kind of crap be this ? be you guy run a whorehouse or something ? deacon no. fred be you crazy ? matt they be not whore if we filmthem , you moron . deacon can not believe Matt just blewit . Fred smack he . jake : : you retard be make a porno movie ? deacon you can not prove anything . jake who 's the girl ? 54 final shoot scri pt 48 . . matt a stripper . her name 's Ashley . he pull out Ashley 's picture from he manila folder . Jake check it out . his eye go wide and suddenly he 's they new best friend . jake who 's the guy ? a beat . jake ( cont 'd ) well , maybe | could do it . deacon no , that 's not a good idea . jake why not ? fred it 's a lot harder than it look . jake you do not think | can do it ? trust I , I have nail enough girl . deacon forget it . jake look , you little butt munch . | want to do this , and if you do not let I , I will go and tell you mommy what kind of sick shit you be do . Jake look he over . int . basement set as " yearbook office " - day 54 darkness . click . the light come on . the big day have come at last . the guy be nervously confer . on one side of the room , far away from Ashley , who 's stand alone , dress in a conservative high school girl 's outfit . the basement have be tran ' . ; sform into the guy idea of a movie set , complete with lig a 0 or uy hts , camera , tripod , and sound tion make the room look roughly k office . equipment . a desk and decor like the high school yearbo deacon give Matt a little shove , and Matt take a long walk over to Ashley . final shoot scri pt 49 . matt so , um , I will be direct . ashley okay . matt okay . so | want you to play this very understate . it 's a very visceral scene , so it 's important not to play it too over the top . ashley uh huh . ( beat ) hey , do you guy shave or something ? deacon look at the other two , all three now beardless . deacon okay . | think we be ready here . Fred awkwardly pick up the boom and put he earphone on . matt boomin position . fred what ? deacon push he over to position . matt Ashley , get into position . conspiratorially . Matt get behind the camera . they whi sper e e the leap . one last reality check before they tak fred be we actually go to do this ? they look over at Ashley . she 's wait . deacon | guess so . they return to position . matt so , um , we be start with the masturbation and then Phillip , the yearbook editor , be go to surprise you . ashley okay . final shoot scri pt 50 . matt and ... action . ashley ( wooden ) this year book photo of the debate Club be make I so hot . | can not help myself . through matte video display , Ashley slowly strip off she clothes . but before we get too good a look , we reverse angle fred smile ear to ear . deacon gulp . matt peer out from behind the camera . hope no one cat ches '' he because | forget ock the door . oh , yeah . oh , God , fred 's smile turn into nervous ogling . deacon cross he leg and adjust he short . matt wipe a bead of sweat from he brow . deacon whisper , deacon Close up . matt what ? deacon Close up . matt oh yeah . right . and Matt zoom in . Ashley continue moan and as Matt get closer , the camera start shaking . he can not keep he hand steady . 54a through matte video DI splay 54a we would love to gel a look , but the camera be shaking so much , it 's just a blur . final shoot scri pt 51 . 54b reverse angle 54b ashley ( 0 . S . ) oh ! oh ! oh! matt okay , CUT ! she turn off she performance like a light switch . ashley what ? do | so something wrong ? Matt be quivering . matt uh , no . you be great . | think I have get what | need there . | want to set up for Jake . fred | need a bathroom break . deacon not now , Fred . Jake . Jake come out of the bathroom dress as the yearbook editor . matt action . Jake open a makeshift door to the office . jake ( wooden ) oh , my God . what be you do ? ashley | could not help myself . please do not tell the principal . jake give I one good reason why | should not . matt cut. perfect . okay , then . let 's get to the , uh , sexual material . Jake pull off he pants and start to look a little nervous . he stand in the corner , try to psyche himself up . deacon Jake , you okay ? jake sure . no problem . final shoot scri pt 52 . matt and action ! but Jake be still stand there , not in the shot . he 's start to sweat . matt ( cont ' D ) action , Jake . jake okay . still nothing . deacon come on , Jake . we be filming . jake all right . hang on a second . he have he back to they , rise . but it 's obvious he bread have not Fred let the boom mike sag a bit . fred my arm 's get tired . ashley so 's he . matt action ... Jake finally whip off be underwear and face Ashley . ashley that 's it ? jake hey , it 's not hard yet . ash | can see tha Fred snicker and Jake dea ley ive himthe evil con eye . um , okay . ash out . ey , maybe you can help he she grab he joint and Jake freeze . he remain motionless , | pcusi no every ounce of mental control on keep the jl oodga es close . approximately one point three second ater ... ashley aaaahhhh ! final shoot scri pt 53. matt wait ! I be not set up for that shot ! fred can | put down the boom ? deacon Jake ? what 's happen ? Jake , humiliate , run to put on he short . jake this have never happen before . she get I too excited . ashley me? how do you ... without even get hard first ? jake ( copping a atti tude ) . what do you want to hear ? I have get a tiny pee-pee ? |' mar premature e-jac-u-la-tor ? sometimes before | get a boner ? okay ? deacon / calm down , Jake . we can shoot this scene again . just relax . we can splice it together . matt / we would have to do it like twenty time to get enough footage . jake I be out of here . and if you dickwad tell anybody about this , first I will kill you , and then I will bust you guy . he pop the videotape out of the camera , take it , and leave . ashley now what ? the guy regt oup ; away from Ashley . the moment of truth : how far be they willing to go ? matt deacon . you doit . deacon no way . matt come on . this be you big chance . final shoot scri pt 54 . deacon no . you do it . a beat . mat fred. fred what ? mat come on . fred you. mat | have to run the camera . / fred oh , like you be the only one who can do that . mat ( false bravado Fine . I 'l ! doit . [ will do it for the sake of the film hold this . he hand the camera to deacon and start take off he shirt . the rest of themlook at Matt with he shirt off . deacon matt. stop it . matt no , I will do it . he desperately want someone to hold he back . fred ( grab hi m ) Matt ! they huddle again , worried about whether to go on with this . fred ( cont ' D ) look , guy . maybe we should lust pay Ashley and chalk this up to a fail experiment . matt Fine with I . deacon no . we can get someone else . 55 56 final shoot scri pt 55 . fred who ? CUT to : int . jim S tiny mart - night 55 close on the cover of " t&a enthusiast " magazine . rise up to reveal a twenty - something man thumbing through the issue . reveal deacon , stand a little too close to he deacon ( nonchal ant ) good issue . beat . deacon ( cont 'd ) . you ever think about get into film ? Way uncomfortable , the guy put the magazine down and make a beeline for the door . deacon ( cont ' D ) where be you go , man ? the guy be out the door . deacon ... ext . jim tiny mart - NI ght 56 run after he . deacon / / do not you want to get it on with a sexy lady ?! ? Matt and Fred be sit on the curb with some slurpies , bum . matt and that guy have real screen presence , 00 . just then , coop pull up in he van and get out . coop hey , dude . the guy |ook at each other ... jump CUT to : moment later , after it 's all be explain to coop. 56A 57 58 59 59 a 59b final shoot scri pt 56 . coop ( cont ' D ) ( awestruck ) you guy be gonna be legend of the school . omi tted 56A int . fred' bedroom - NI ght 57 Fred and Matt be huddle around the computer . fred oh , I have get it . wnat if the math team Captain be in detention for something ... matt for fix grade for a girl ... fred yeah , and the cheerleader be in there and she 's go to get ground if she fail one more test ... as they talk , Fred type away . ext . india - day 58 stock footage : Taj Mahal , etc . int . teen boy' bedroom - bhopal , india - NI ght 59 a nerdy indian boy be totally engross in the after School special website . his eyeglass reflect the glow of the scrolling text of Fred and Matt 's current script . cheerleader ( V. 0 . ) well , maybe | can pay you some other way ... indian mother ( 0 . S. ) mujibur , dinner be ready ! ina minuten boy onscreen , the mouse pointer click " pre -order . " ext . FRANCE - day 59a stock footage : eiffel Tower , etc . int . teen boy' bedroom - paris , FRANCE - NI ght 59b a nerdy french boy read the story on he computer . 59c 59d 60 61 62 63 64 final shoot scri pt 57 . math team captain ( V. 0 . ) now that really compute ! click . pre-order . omi tted 59c omi tted 59d ext . japan - day 60 stock footage : recognizable japanese landmark , etc . int . teen boy' bedroom - kyoto , japan - NI ght 61 a nerdy japanese boy read the story from he pda . math team captain ( V. 0 . ) be you ready for you oral exam ? cheerleader ( V. 0 . ) oh , God , yes ! | never know math could be so sti mul ating ! click . pre-order . omi tted 62 omi tted 63 ext . wlliam wall high school - parking lot - day 64 deacon and he biology class be get on a school bus . nearby , naomi be crossing the parking lot when she trip and spill she latté on she shirt . people start |aughing , but deacon instinctively rush over to pick up she book . deacon be you okay ? naomi yeah . thanks . I be so embarrassed . she pat at the stain . deacon ( genui not ) ; really ? | do not think you get embarrassed about anything . she smile at deacon , cheer up by the inadvertent compliment . the Bus honk for deacon . deacon ( cont ' D ) well , | guess | should go . final shoot scri pt 58 . he turn to walk away , when naomi make a decision to give deacon a shot . naomi deacon , wait . block I for a second while | change my shirt . deacon what ? naomi facing the other way . deacon oh. he turn around and she change she shirt behind he . deacon can not help but sneak a peek . naomi / | have not see you around here in a while . deacon yeah , I be work on this project at home . naomi cool . you can turn around now . he turn and see she new shirt be not yet 100 % on . naomi ( cont 's D ) listen . Mark and j.t. be have a party tonight . you want to meet I there ? deacon really ? naomi why not ? deacon okay . cool . the bus honk for deacon again . 65 ext . aquari um park - day 65 Matt and Fred charge forward on they 10 - speed through a park . they slide to a stop , fall off they bike , but they be too excited to care . 65a int . aquarium - day 65a they rush up to deacon , whose biology class be near the beluga whale tank . final shoot scri pt 59 . matt deacon , come quick . deacon step away from he class for a moment . deacon Matt , what 's wrong ? bi ology teacher ( 0.s . ) like all mammal , the whale give birth to live young . can anyone name another characteristic of mammal ? vinnie ? fred we site get link by another bigger site . someone must have see we storey and like they . deacon and ? matt we get a few more pre-order and a ton of hit . deacon how many ? matt guess . deacon a thousand ? fred twelve thousand . deacon Holy shit ! deacon high - fives the other two . they be all stoke . fred we need to hurry up and make this movie . matt we should go over the schedule for tomorrow . and make sure the script be ready . deacon 's smile fade . deacon uh , | can not tonight guy . fred why ? where be you go ? final shoot scri pt 60 . deacon it 's this thing | have to go to . matt be it a travel carnival ? deacon no. look , it 's this party naomi invite I to . matt can we come ? Fred pick up on deacon 's hesitation . this be not good . deacon uh ... okay . | guess that 's cool . a awkward beat . deacon ( cont ' D ) | want you guy to come . it 's just , | go 's know . | kind of have this vibe from jaomi . matt ( still do not get it ) we can just meet you there . deacon yeah . okay . that 's cool . look , it 's at Mark and j.t. slistak 's house . I will see you guy there . I have get to get back to class . matt later . deacon walk back to the group . Matt matt ( cont ' D ) what be you wear to the party ? fred / we be not really go to the party , you moron . matt why not ? fred because | say so . start get agitate . 66 final shoot scri pt 61 . matt but we tell deacon - - | mean , we can not just not show up . what if deacon be ook for we -- this be too complicated to explain to Matt , so Fred just give in . fred all right . all right . stop cry already . we will make a appearance . matt cool. int . mark house - NI ght 66 amid this raging party , deacon have take he rightful place with the in -crowd , stand dangerously close to naomi without he usual sidekick weigh he down . finally . naomi you know , rachael 's come back from Paris in a couple of week . deacon so ? naomi / so , be not you even a little interested in see she ? deacon no . there 's someone else I would rather see ... he look into she eye , wait to see if the limb he 's out on be go to break . she smile . it 's work . just then , matt hey , guy . it 's he sidekick and they have get some seriously bad timing . deacon shoot they a annoyed | ook . naomi so what 's this project you guy be work on ? fred we can not really talk about it . jake ( 0 . 5s . ) yeah . it 's private . Jake eye deacon intently . final shoot scri pt 62 . jake ( cont 'd ) . , why be you hang around with this loser ? naomi what 's you problem , Jake ? jake what 's yours ? she storm away . deacon follow she . ext . mark house - back yard - NI ght 67 naomi be out on the patio . deacon what be that all about ? naomi , he really piss I off . Jake be such a asshole . deacon tell I about it . naomi when we be go out , I all the time . thin compensate for he li never even get hard as so mean to 's dick that = - = deacon choke on he drink . deacon well at least you be smart enough to dump he . | mean , you deserve someone who wi treat you ... | do not know . really well . naomi you know what you be ? deacon get a little nervous . naomi ( cont 's D ) you be a nice guy . she kiss himon the cheek . deacon look at she , then steel himself to make a decision . he kiss she ! she 's surprised , but not unwilling . naomi ( cont 's D ) deacon ? 68 final shoot scri pt 63. deacon it I be want to do that for a long i I . naomi so why do not you ? most guy would look away at this point , with a fabulous babe with pouty lip stare you down . but deacon pass the test : he stand he ground and kiss she again . she like it . at a wndow , Jake see they kissing . he do not like it . at another wndow , Fred see it , hoo . and for a completely | | different reason , he do not like either . int . basement set - day 68 the set be finally ready : Ashley be lie on the bed ina robe , the light and camera be set , and Matt and Fred be adjust the video camera . the only thing miss be a actor . deacon enter . deacon hey , where 's coop ? fred he be suppose to be here a half hour ago . matt / maybe he get suck into a black hole . he chuckle to himself . deacon good one , spock . | can not understand why you be not more popular with the lady . matt look , we be waste time . deacon , why do not you just go in there ? deacon balk at first , then look over at Ashley , lie there . matt ( cont ' D ) come on ... deacon okay . okay . all right already . he pull off he shirt and approach Ashley with a pizza box from out of nowhere . matt and action ! final shoot scri pt 64 . Matt start filming while Ashley pull deacon near she . ashley ( 0.8 . ) | maybe | can pay for the pizza some other way ... we hear deacon 's zipper open offscreen as deacon roll he eye and reluctantly deliver he line : deacon and maybe | could throwin the sausage for free . deacon show no enthusiasm for what 's happen down bel ow . matt Fred , you get in there , too . fred be you sure ? matt yeah , it will be a great shot . Fred take off h hort and walk over to he other side of be 's t the bed . Ashley be offscreen , presumably lie on the bed . the two guy be face each other . fred hey . deacon s'up ? fred how 's it go ? deacon shrug . fred ( cont 's D ) a hey , do you see that show on sci fi about sun spot ? deacon yeah . they say there 's go to be a massive eruption next year . Fred start laugh . what ? deacon ( cont ' D ) at ? fred you say " massive eruption . " deacon start laugh , too . 69 70 final shoot scri pt 65 . _ matt hey , quit the chatter . fred sorry . matt hey , why do not you guy kiss ? deacon what ? matt you know . make out with each other . deacon what ? fred all right . Fred go in to kiss deacon , who 's thoroughly confuse . deacon hold he back with he hand . deacon wait . why do you want we to kiss ? matt ( 0.s. ) because that 's what guy do in gay porn . deacon what ? deacon look over at the camera . it 's Ashley filming . panic ! he slowly look down at the person he and Fred be have sex with . he can barely look . it 's Matt ! matt more sausage please . deacon aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh ! CUT to : int . deacon ' S bedroom - NI ght 69 deacon bolt up out of bed . nightmare . thank god. int . basement set as " movie theater " - day 70 deacon enter and the scene |ook very much like the dream : Ashley on the bed and Matt and Fred wait around . final shoot scri pt 66 . the set be make up to look like a movie theater , complete with row of seat , a bed sheet " screen , " and a massive 5,000 watt light . deacon be still a little agitate . deacon where the hell be coop ? there 's no way I be make out with Fred . then coop come out of the bathroom and see everyone stare at deacon . _ coop what 's go on ? ashley / / deacon be talk about make out with Fred . fred no way . I be hold the mike and that 's it . coop : , | think we be do straight porn . ashley lf you guy want to do gay porn , you still have to pay I . deacon / hang on . relax . it be just this stupid dream | have . matt / you dream about make out with Fred ? deacon no . well , yes . and we be both have sex with you . but it be just a dream so let 's forget it . everyone be a little uneasy at this admission . deacon quickly change the subject . deacon ( cont ' D ) what 's with the light ? matt it 's a " special effect . " if you want this filmto look amateurish , you be go to have to get someone else to do i deacon okay . relax . fred come on . let 's do it already . final shoot scri pt 67 . matt action . Matt start he cheesy - ( oj ect or light effect " and coop take a seat next shi ey ashley this summer tent - pole event - movie be make I so scared . coop hi de you head down here and I will tell you when it 's safe to come up . as she start to go down , we turn we attention ... on fred and deacon , away fromthe action . fred ( snide ; whisper ) how 's naomi ? / deacon fine. coop ( 0.s. ) not yet . this be the really scary part . deacon ( whisper ) can ask you a question ? Fred shrug . the memory of the nightmare be wreak havoc with deacon 's conscience . deacon ( cont ' D ) do you ever think maybe we have get ourselves in a little over we head with all of this ? coop ( 0.s. ) oh , baby . not yet . Fred appear to be pon ndere the question deepl his face t slowly contort to a look of seem anguish . then , fred Fire ! the coiled cord to the massive light be burn a circular hole in the smoulder carpet . coop unplug the light ! deacon move to unplug it . 71 72 72a final shoot scri pt 68 . matt wait , it 's hot ! too late . deacon touch the cord , scream , and reel back , knock the light over . it explode onto the floor . the carpet burst into flame . fred run ! Ashley and coop run up the stair . Fred be not far behind . matt Quick , get the fire extinguisher ! deacon where be it ? matt over there ! he spot it in the corner and grab it . meanwhile the flame be grow . deacon come over and aim the extinguisher at the flame . he depress the lever . nothing . deacon it 's not work ! Matt think about it for a second . matt oh. I and Fred use it when we write the foamy cat fight script last week . int . fred' bedroom - NI ght 71 Matt and Fred be gi galing and prancing around the ro omin er at each other . bikinis discharge the fire extinguis int . basement set - day 72 deacon look at he strangely for a beat , then run into the int . basement - laundry room - day ( conti nuous ) 72 a he | ook oun be washi no machi N d frantically . nothing . then , he start the E . it to tical | 1 slowly start fill up . matt ( 0.s. ) hurry ! deacon turn the dial to " large load , " pause and chuckle to himself . 728 73 final shoot scri pt 69 . deacon large load . matt ( 0.s. ) deacon ! hurry ! deacon snap out of it and grab the laundry detergent bottle . he scoops up some water and run into the other room . int . basement set - day ( conti nuous ) 72b he throw the soapy water onto the fire and Matt . the fire go out , but Matt 's not too happy about get soak . int . deacon ' S house - kitchen - day ( conti nuous ) 73 coop be fook down the stair to the basement . Fred be freaking out . Ashley be still topless but cover herself up have just put on she panty . she go to put on she shirt when mrs . lews ( 0.s. ) what 's go on here ? deacon ' S parent be stand in the doorway to the kitchen with Max , whose armis in a splint . Max stare at Ashley . she cover herself some more . then , deacon and Matt enter the kitchen from downstairs . max Nice rack . deacon Mom ! dad ! what be you do home ? mrs . lews Max sprain he wrist at soccer practice . what be go on here ? mr . lews well , I be sure there 's a reasonable explanation why there 's a naked girl in we kitchen . right , deacon ? deacon be not too sure . mrs . lew S well ... deacon I , uh ... deacon 's mind be racing . then , final shoot scri pt 70 . ashley I be deacon 's girlfriend . Ashley . mrs . lews mr lews hs girlfriend ? hs girlfriend ? deacon yes , my girlfriend . mrs . lew S / and what be you do with you clothes off in my kitchen ? ashley we be have a make out party . mrs . lews ~ where be the other girl ? deacon they date stand they up ? coop , yeah . my date be not feel well . fred mine have mono . fromtoo much make out . th I . mrs. lews what 's that smel| ? matt we have a small for over a candle . | mood . Mrs. lew be , be . | it be to set the righ i pped t t mr. lews a fire ? let I see the damage . deacon ; dad , do not . let I take responsibility . we will pay to have it fix . deacon 's dad look at Ashley again . he can not hide he pride . mr . lews damn right you will . mrs . lew S well , Ashley . | do not know deacon even have a girlfriend . mr . lews maybe you can join we for dinner tonight . Ashley look at deacon . deacon 's Mom glare at dad . 74 final shoot scri pt 71 . deacon ; | think Ashley 's busy toni ght -- ashley okay . oh , shit . mrs. lews okay , then . int . deacon ' S house - kitchen - NI ght 74 Ashley be eat dinner with the lewise . Max keep stare at she . Mr. Lewis steal a few glance of Ashley himself while continue he work -relate rant . mr. lews so get this . Johnson come up to I today and he 's all like " where 's the nd - 90' ? " i'mlike , " Johnson , they discontinue the nd - 90 like six week ago . " I have be tell this guy ... ashley Johnson sound like a moron . mr. lews exactly ! Mr. Lewis be psyched that someone be finally pay attention to he Mrs. Lewis do not like the way he 's look at she . mrs . lews so , Ashley . if | could ask you a personal question , exactly how old be you ? / ashley / nineteen . but | tell people eighteen . deacon laugh nervously . deacon be not that funny ? the doorbell ring . deacon ( cont ' D ) I will get it . foyer deacon open the door . it 's naomi . deacon what be you do here ? final shoot scri pt 72 . naomi / | think I would come by and surprise you . maybe we could hang out in you bedroom . she look at he seductively . deacon look over he shoulder . deacon now 's not a good time . naomi what 's wrong ? deacon nothing . let 's talk later . he try to close the door , but she stop it . mrs . lews ( 0.s. ) deacon , who be it ? too late . naomi come in . naomi hi , Mrs. Lewis . I be naomi . I be deacon 's girlfriend . and with that she look at deacon , figure she just make he day . it fail , however , to achieve the desire effect . mrs . lem his girlfriend ? she look at deacon . Max poke he head through . max deacon have two girlfriend ? deacon shut up , Max ! naomi what do you mean ? what 's go on ? max deacon 's other girlfriend be have dinner with we . deacon | can explain . naomi walk into the kitchen with Max . max this be deacon 's other girlfriend , Ashley . final shoot scri pt 73 . mr . lew S gl his other girlfriend ? dad 's beam with pride . the two girl size each other up . ; ashley hi . naomi oh , my God . how old be you , you slut ? ashley ei ghteen . naomi | think you be a nice guy . naomi storm out of the house . deacon follow , then Ashley . mrs . lews you need to have a talk with he he could be have s-e-x . mr. lews | need to give he a goddamn medal . { she storm off ) what ? foyer deacon watch naomi go . Ashley console he . ashley let she go . deacon be you insane ? |'ve be fantasizin about naomi feldman since the sevent grade . ashley fantasy and reality be two different thing , deacon . do not fall in love with who you think she be . you have to be sure you love the real person . deacon so what should | do ? ashley go after she then . or do not . whatever . he look at Ashley for a beat , then go after naomi . 75 ext . STREET - NI ght 75 naomi and deacon be argue under a street light . 76 final shoot scri pt naomi / she 's a porno actress in you porno film . she have to pretend to be you girlfriend because she run upstairs naked when the light cause a fire . and you have never have sex with she or even kiss she . deacon yeah , pretty much . he look down . deacon ( cont ' D ) guess this mean you be not my fend anymore . naom | not necessarily . so , | girlfr she look at he with newfound interest . naomi ( cont 's D ) | want to come to the set tomorrow . deacon no , | do not think that 's a good idea . naomi why not ? I be curiou porno movie actual | deacon Matt and Fred will get really mad . we be not suppose to tell anyone . 's . l have never see a y be make . naomi tell they !l'ma ... creative consultant . for the female point of view . deacon no offense , but the female point of view do not really matter in this film . she look at he , pout . deacon ( cont ' D ) okay . okay . close on a computer monitor di spl aying the a.s.s. website . the cursor be click through the various page : text storey , picture of the set , still photo of Ashley and coop , etc . but more importantly , the " hit " counter look like the odometer on a rocket ship . pull back to reveal ... 74 . 76 76 a 717 78 final shoot scri pt 75 . int . VIC be " studio " - day 76 a Mike be surfing the web while eat a large bratwurst sandwich . Vic enter in he signature robe . mlke / , this after School speci al shit be amazing . they be get a ton of hit off they stupid storey and they do not even have any product . VIC be you sure that be the guy fromthe pretty Kitty ? MI ke it 's the same guy . bingo . | just find out where they live . VIC give I that address . | this asshole a little adult film business . m gonna teach 8 esson about the he take the piece of paper and storm out the door . MI ke Vic ! he pop back in . MI ke ( cont ' D ) you go like that ? Vic look down at he robe . VIC oh , yeah . thanks m ke . Vic put he slipper on . they do the jive hand shake and hug thing again . int . VIC be car , parked - day 77 Vic check the address of the house against the print out . VIC goddamn amateur . think they can screw with Vic ramal to . MI ke let 's do this . ext . STREET - day 78 they get out of {he car and Mike place the g 0 nin he pants . they walk up to front door and bang . ali u pen , revealing final shoot scri pt 76 . mr . grei tzer . VIC you greitzer ? grei tzer yes . that 's I . Vic 's a little confuse . he look at the piece of paper . VIC Ronald J. greitzer ? gre ! tzer yes . that 's right . then , a spark of understanding . VIC oh , | get it . brilliant . you be not even a fuckin’ kid , Mike pull the gua out and put it to greitzer 's head . greitzer drop he glass of soda , raise he hand , and start shaking , terrify . gre ! tzer what be you do ? VIC what be ! do ? I 'mretire you from the porno business . permanently . understand ? grei tzer yes . yes . please do not hurt I . VIC no more sweet young pussy , no more hot school - girl fantasy , no more goddamn porno " for virgin by virgin . " you get I ? greitzer 's eye dart over to the side , and for _the first time , Vic step into the house and see : little girl . it 's greitzer 's little daughter birthday party . six - year - old girl and they stunne parent all stare at Vic . greitzer 's wife come over , scream and cry . grei tzer be mw fe please do not hurt my husband ! VIC uh ... 79 final shoot scri pt 77 . gre | tzer I 'msorry ! I will never rent they again ! it be only that one time my wife be at she sister 's ! please ! | promise you ! grei tzer be W fe you rent a dirty movie ? you tell I it be jakob the liar ! Mike lower the gun and they start back out of there . gre | tzer what ? | should not be entitle to a little joy in life ? grei tzer be mw fe now look at the trouble you have bring to this house . grei tzer . and |'m suppose to know the Religious right would come after I for rent a adult film ? as they continue to fight , Vic and Mike run back to the car . int . deacon be house - kitchen - day 79 dress rehear a talk to ash deacon be at t be . naomi be sit at the kitchen table | ley , who 's wear a sexy cheerleader outfit . he microwave make popcorn . naomi five hundred dollar a night ? ashley / yeah , but if you can break into fi like this one , you can get featu dance gig and make ten time th much . naomi no way . ashley / seri ously . if this guy ever get they act together . ble in carry a pile of script . Fred walk in mand see naomi . fred what be she do here ? deacon | naomi be my girlfriend . 73 final shoot scri pt 78 . Fred exchange a glance with Matt . deacon ( cont ' D ) and | want she to help out . give the script a female point of view . Fred pull deacon aside . fred Jesus , deacon . do not you see that Beatles document ary on the History Channel ? you be pull a Yoko Ono on we . deacon what ? fred Fine . whatever . let 's get start . I be sure she will be really helpful . goon come out of the bathroom dress as the math team | Captain , complete with nerd glass , pocket protector , etc . coop oh , hey , naomi . naomi hey , coop . be you help this guy , too ? coop ( sheepishly ) sort of . matt okay , people . place ever body . let 's try t phre with a litt ° heart , okay ? and everyone turn to they script and start the rehearsal . ashley / this quadratic equation be so hard . coop i. maybe we should just stick to long ision . coop drop sl ys and naomi gasp . she stare at coop 's " be hi ide be a beat , then snap out of it . wait a second . cut . this be all wrong . she would not be fantasize about some geek . final shoot scri pt 79 . matt he 's not a geek . he 's the math team Captain . naomi no , he should be really well - dress , and maybe he 's a foreign exchange student from Portugal . matt um , and the director be the only one who 's allow to say " cut . " fred who care , naomi ? naomi . deacon agree with I , do not you ? Matt and Fred look at deacon . coop : dude , come on . my nut be get cold . ashley I be out of here . naomi shut up , coop . this be important . coop ( swing he arm out ) and my nut be not ? coop : 's hand accidentally smack Ashley in the nose as she 's get up . she scream : deacon be you okay ? coop I be sorry , Ashley . she 's piss , hold she nose . ashley look . this be ridiculous . who do dress rehearsals for a porno shoot ? matt oh , sure . why do not we throw out the script while we be at it and " improvise . " 80 final shoot scri pt 80 . ashley / guy , | appreciate the money . it 's nice to gel pay for sit around do nothing , but this be not help my career . I have get no footage for my reel . she pack up . fred | where be you go ? ashley sorry . she leave . coop Ashley , wait . I be sorry . Ashley ! then , he blurt out something unexpected : coop ( cont ' D ) ( call after she ) | love you ! coop exchange a awkward glance with the guy : he 's say too much . he go after Ashley , with he pants still around he ankle and he bare ass in full display . he stumble on he pants and fall on he face . he get up quickly and continue after she , sti with he pants down . fred now what be we go to do ? you " girlfriend " ruin everything . deacon coop 's the one that smack she . / naom | besides , if you loser know anything about woman , we would not have this probl they . fred who ask you ? naomi | do not have to take this . she storm off , leave deacon there to make a decision . he look at Matt and Fred for a beat , then follow naomi . Fred and Matt be crush . ext . the pretty kitty club - day 80 Ashley be walk through the parking lot on the way to work . 81 82 final shoot scri pt 81 . mrs . lews ( 0.s. ) Ashley ? [ ur deacon 's Mom , in the adjacent lot . she walk over to er . ashley Mrs. Lewis ! mrs . lew S what be you do here ? ashley | , um , I be ... I be go where you be go . mrs. lews to yoga class ? ashley yes. exactly . mrs . lews | have not see you in class before . ashley it 's my first time . mrs . lews well , that 's great , Ashley . you be really go to love it . she escort she towards the yoga class building . mrs. lew S ( cont 'd ) it 's really easy , but if you can not keep up , just follow my lead . CUT to : int . yoga CLASS - day 81 the entire class of slackj awed MI ddle - aged women yoga student stare in disbelief . even the instructor be amaze . ashley be essentially fold in half , she leg pin well beyond she ear . she 's obviously be in this position before . int . yoga CLASS - later 82 the woman be gather they thing after class , some still eyeing Ashley jealously . final shoot scri pt 82 . mrs . lew S you be quite flexible , Ashley . ashley yeah , people tell I that all the time . you know , | could teach you some of that move . Mr. Lewis would love it . mrs . lews . oh. okay . maybe later . listen , Ashley . | want to ask you something ... personal . about you and deacon . ashley uh huh . mrs . lews you know deacon be only seventeen . ashley uh huh . mrs . lew S right . so | be just wonder . you know . if you and deacon ... well , if deacon and you be ... ashley um , no . mrs . lews good. good . that 's very good . she give Ashley a warmlittle hug . ashley listen , Mrs. Lewis . you do not have to worry about deacon . he 's a good kid . if. you just let he make he own mistake in ife , he 's go to turn out fine . 83 int . naomi 's S bedroom - NI ght 83 deacon and naomi be under the cover , make out . naomi so , do you have anything ? deacon like what ? naomi you know . Protection . deacon oh . oh yeah . of course . final shoot scri pt 83 . she see he 's nervous . naomi do not you want to ? deacon of course | do . omi na then what 's the problem ? deacon look at she wait there for he , he for the take . a long beat . then , deacon it 's my first time . naomi that 's okay . just go slow . and he do . he 's nervous at first , not sure what to do . but as she kiss he softly , suddenly we start to hear the slow fade in of porno music play in deacon 's head . ( now that deacon 's actually have sex , it 's involunarily trigger the only thing he know about sex : porno movie . ) the music grow |ouder when : fred ( v.0 . ) ( in deacon 's head ) a every two minute , they change position . he pause , and cock he head in confusion . he try to shake Fred 's voice out of he head , but he can not . fred ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) it 's a basic rule of porno . finally , he give in to the porno music . he roll naomi on top of he jump CUT to : they be do it stand up against the door . the door . always ad '' ) jump CUT to : deacon sweep away all the stuff fromher desk and lift she up on it . naomi like it . ashley ( v.0 . ) fantasy and reality be two different hing . jump CUT to : 83a final shoot scri pt 84 . naomi 's hand press up against the window . it slowly fall to the ground . fred ( v.0 . ) it 's a basic rule of porno . jump CUT to : back on the bed , naomi be in a state of complete bliss , have have she first ever orgasm . ashley ( v.0 . ) fantasy and reality be two different thing ... but deacon do not share naomi 's contentment . he | ook troubled . int . the pretty kitty club - backstage - NI ght 83a the next night , deacon be talk to Ashley backstage as she 's get ready to go on . deacon | do not know . it be weird . be it suppose to be so weird ? ashley of course it be weird . true love can only exist between two woman . deacon be stunne . ashley ( cont ' D ) just kid . do not know , deacon . do you like this girl ? he hesitates a bit too long . deacon of course | do . ashley you heart be tell you that you do not . and | think it 's time you start listen to you heart . deacon still do not get it . ashley ( cont ' D ) look. | have to go on , just do whatever you want . or do not . whatever . 84 85 final shoot scri pt 85 . int . dave' dupe - day 84 Vic and mke wait at the counter for he video copy of volume 28 . dave ( cameo for the director , dme ) come to the counter with a box . VIC thanks , dave. dave Vic . he turn to leave just as another guy ( cameo for the writer , dhs ) come up to Dave with a pad of paper . VI deo dupe guy hey , Dave , there 's a guy on the phone who want to set up a new account . dave what 's it for ? VI deo dupe guy some outfit call after School special . they turn back . MI ke what do you just say ? VI deo dupe guy nothing . it 's for another customer . Mike grab he by the do you say Mike grab the paper , of the store . a V shit , man . collar and pull he over to Vic . VIC " after School special " ? drop the guy , and he and Vic rush out ter they be go : deo dupe guy you must be crazy . ( call after they ) better watch get smoke ! you back , homie ! you might int . peachtree & finch - day 85 naomi buff male model with D what be we be drag deacon into the store feature poster of nut-hugge boxer brief . eacon do here ? 86 final shoot scri pt 86 . naomi what ? | think you might want some new deacon | do not need any new clothes . naomi and guess what ? | book facial for we at the serenity spa . deacon naomi . wait . stop. he stop she . naomi what 's wrong ? deacon / | have to meet up with Matt and Fred this afternoon . | already blow they off yesterday . naomi deacon , you do not have to hang out with that g uy any more . besides , you really need a facial . and | mean , | think we could spend the , oay together . you know , after last nigh deacon but what about Matt and Fred ? naomi well what about I ? she pout . she have he under she thumb . he take she hand and continue into the store . int . basement set - day 86 deacon walk in really | but wear a hot new peachtree eat , & finch outfit . and he skin seem to glow . Matt and Fred glare at himfromthe far end of the couch . deacon / what 's go , on ? be we go to find another gir fof they | ook ) what ? fred Matt and | have be talk . deacon yeah . about what ? 86a 86b 86c 86d 86e final shoot scri pt 87 . matt we want to make this movie . deacon | know . | do , too. fred no , deacon . we want to make the movie we write . we want to make it without you . deacon okay . | know what this be about , guy . I be sorry about naomi . fred that 's not the problem , deacon . deacon then what be it ? fred | think this be about we have fun and do something crazy together . but as soon as you get what you want , you blow we off . deacon you do not understand . Fred cut to the chase . fred do you even like she ? deacon be about to tell they . then , deacon Fine . go ahead without I . fred Fine . Matt and Fred get up and leave . omi tted omi tted omi tted omi tted omi tted 86a 86b 86c 86d 86e 87 88 88a 89 90 90 a final shoot scri pt 88. int . deacon ' S house - kitchen - NI ght 87 the family eat dinner in silence . deacon feel like shit . mrs . lews . so , deacon . how would you think you do on you midterm ? deacon Fine . max | find a dead bird on the soccer field . its head be miss . deacon 's dad push away he plate and get up . mr. lews | have to go back to the office tonight . Johnson screw the pooch again . mrs . lews what ever . int . deacon ' S house - garage - NI ght 88 deacon 's dad get into the aerostar . he turn on the radio , which blast a rocking song . he quickly change it back to a easy listening tune . ext . parking lot - NI ght 88a he pull in to the |ot and park . he step out of the car and start to walk to he office . only it 's not he office . ss ... ext . the pretty kitty club - night ( conti nuous ) 89 he pass the bouncer , still read aristotle 's ethic . / bouncer enj oy . int . the pretty kitty club - backstage - NI ght 90 Ashley be change into she school girl outfit . plantain ash , you ready ? you be up now . int . the pretty kitty club - NI ght 90a deacon 's S dad enter the club and pay the cashier . | ntercut : 90b 90c 91 final shoot scri pt 89 . ashley spray glitter on she body backstage . 90b deacon' dad take a seat right up front . 90 c d.j. ( 0.s. ) they work hard for they money , guy , so let 's tip they good . all right . now , on the main carousel , let 's give it up for the naughty school girl . ashley ! applause . Ashley strut out through the cloud of stage fog , tight up to deacon 's dad ... ... who 's turn around , order a drink . he turn back to see ... ... Ashley 's back , as she swing around the pole . she strut by each of the man in the front row , reach down to take dollar bill out of they hand . she walk over to deacon 's a ... but he 's jipping the waitress . she do another spin around the pole . and land in a split , face to face with ... ... deacon 's dad _ who happen to have accrisp dollar bill between he teet they immediately recognize each other and freeze . a long beat . then : lew S hel lo , naught school girl whom I have never meet before . ashley you , too , be someone whose kitchen I have never be in . another beat , then she grab the bill out of he tooth , and quickly move away . int . deacon ' S house - upstair hallway - NI ght 91 dad walk upstairs , still a little stunne . mrs . lew S you get everything do at work ? mr. lews yeah . all set . mrs. lew S oh , guess who | run into ? deacon 's girlfriend , Ashley . 92 93 final shoot scri pt 90 . dad freeze . mr . lew S where do you see Ashley ? mrs . lews over on industrial Way . mr . lews you be on industrial ? mrs . lew S you know , she be so flexible . it 's really amazing some of the position that girl can twist herself into . mr . lew S what ?! ? mrs . lew S she even offer to teach I . so | could move like that . mr . lews yeah , that would be great ! | mean , if you be into that . mrs. lews maybe . | like she . | know she 's a little older , but think she 's good for deacon . mr. lews you do ? just then , deacon walk past they down the hallway towards he bedroom . dad eye he with a rare combination of fatherly concern and male jealously . int . deacon ' s$ bedroom - NI ght 92 deacon walk past he desk and something catch he eye . he st op to look at a pieture of himself with Fred and Matt from fifth grade . he look really happy in the picture . then , he see a strip of photo booth picture take yesterday with naomi . she 's ham it up for the camera , but you can tell from he expression , they do not belong together . he toss the naomi picture onto the desk . ext . deacon ' S house - back yard - NI ght 93 deacon stand by the water skip rock with Matt and Fred . fred so , what do you want to talk to we about ? final shoot scri pt for what ? for that ' it 's we be just anyway , you know , sometimes . then , Fred smile . De naomi and | no way ! you be kid , no , it ' how be it ? good . about right ai fer work . at al | spot awh | b el deacon | augh . so what want to say |' 's okay , 's not . lke the whol e. will you can be a real do fi i t ss i ma no erat 91 . deacon m sorry . fred deacon blow you guy off . matt deacon . deacon 's just sometimes | feel to be pass we by and sit still . | do not know . I be sorry . fred dick acon know they be cool with each other . deacon do it matt the other night . fred right ? deacon 's true . fred N but then | kep rnos . tr ing t ifbon . ! i don ' kind of seeme aco st. ep po ei nking if t thi h 0 of hit the si t know leit d like to tt extremely difficult fred now ? do we make this thing ? final shoot scri pt 92 . deacon | do not know . maybe we should just call it quit . ashley ( 0.8 . ) hey , guy . hem . she look hotter than ever , ina Ashley walk up to t irt and short short . tiny midriff shir deacon what be you do here ? ashley | need you . fred what ? ashley | need you to make this movie . for my reel . deacon well , actually we be -- ashley ooh , look . a eyelash . for the third time , time stand still as Ashley gently pull he errant eyelash from deacon 's eye and offer it up to he ashley ( cont 'd ) make a wish . deacon be too entrance to close he eye , but he do take he opportunity to blow the eyelash off she hand . she smile and brushes back a strand of hair from he brow . he guy be hook . 4 through the window , over on deacon 's computer , the a.s.s. bsite be run , feature Roger 's smile face with the motto , " by virgin , for virgin . " the counter be on fire . 94 not . hairdresser - day 94 Roger be get he hair cut by a cute hairdresser , he wheelchair next to he a few other woman be in the back , whisper and look over at Roger . a opera aria play on he radio . hai rdresser so. I 'mthink about get into tim . final shoot scri pt 93. roger okay . hai rdresser / you have any tip on howto break in ? roger uh , no . not really . acting class , | guess . hal rdresser really ? | do not think there be a lot of act in that film . Roger be confuse . roger well , | guess it kind of depend . / hai rdresser / you think you could get I a audition ? roger for what ? hai rdresser come on . how long have | be cut you hair ? roger since | be like eight . . hai rdresser ( whisper ) | know who you be . do not worry . you secret 's safe . come on . | just want to make one filmto see what it 's like . Roger be still totally clueless . roger that 's great . but how can | help you ? hai| rdresser oh , i_get it . you help I , | have to help you . that 's howit work . okay . she look around . then , she spray a big dollop of hair mousse into one hand and place it under the hair apron zip . Roger panic . hai rdresser ( cont ' D ) rel ax . roger what be you -- oh , God ! 95 95 a final shoot scri pt 94 . his face contort to match the aria play on the radio , make it look like he 's sing the soprano solo . int . basement set as " the prom ' - day 95 coop and Ashley have bring some help : plantain and the bouncer . they the wait around for the guy . the roomis they most elaborate set so far , a hotel ball room , complete with theme prom banner , dance floor , stage , etc . coop no , no , it 's a municipal bond fund . ashley / / but what about the capital gain ? coop sure there 's short termcapital gain , but the dividend be tax free . plantain State and federal ? deacon enter with Matt and Fred . ashley hey , guy . | hope you do not mind , plantain and baxter want to be in the movie , too . bouncer hey ! Mr. runni ngbear ! Matt smile meekly as we CUT to : the producti on montage : int . basement set - day 95a moment later , cheesy prom music play and a mirrore disco ball reflect light across the dance floor . as the couple dance across the floor , dress in a prom gown and tux , Ashley look into coop 's eye . ashley ira , | have something important to tell you . coop what be it ? ashley this promis make I so hot . I be ready to lose my virginity to you tonight . 95 B 95c 95d 95e 95 F FI nal shoot scri pt coop give the thumb up to the boun ux , then start make out with ash ongue- lap display . behind the camera , Matt peek out and look at t guy with a furle brow . deacon give hima force not . basement set - day cer , also dress in a ley in a exaggerated he of ed t e to d th coop and Ashley ssi sit in the back seat of a Split car . coop say , " oh , racha you be the best . " Fred look over at deacon , who just smile sheepishly . not . basement set - day he bouncer and coop play chess . as the guy capture the offscreen action . Ashley say , " you be the sexiest teacher he bizarre posit hemselves into . not . basement set - day on Ashley and plantain have get plantain , dress as a chaperone with a big punch stain on she dress , be eat | atuna fish sandwich and smoking a. eh arette . Matt cal ( okay people . place . let 's get it . ether . " plantain put the cigarette out on she heel , hi he tuna fish sandwich in she purse , and spray the air wi weylon J. petunia 's . plantain my dress be ruin ! bouncer I be so sorry , mss jorgensen . what be we go to do ? she rip off she dress in one big swoop , revealing sexy underwear . int . basement bathroom - day Fred be in the bathroom with the moisty - mate , but he just can not seemto get in the mood . through the door : plantain ( 0.s. ) | never know chaperon the prom could be so " hard . Fred give up and throw the lotion back in he book bag . when he exit the bathroom , everyone be stare in he direction , then quickly look away nonchalantly . int . basement set - day the bouncer be go at it with a ugly sex face , drip with sweat . 95 . she two umb up . ever have . " the au ys turn they head sideways to figure out | 95b 95c 95d 95e 95f 96g 95h 95d 96 final shoot scri pt 96 . Fred lower the boom and it smack the bouncer in the head . deacon applaud , try to rally the troops , " good scene . good scene . " int . basement set - day 96g plantain speak with no real enthusiasm , " I give you a a + . " Matt ask she to do the line again , but she say it exactly the same way again . one more time , same result . suddenly coop let out a huge fart and everyone start laugh . Matt throw he hand up , frustrated . int . basement set - day 95h coop and Ashley be in the back seat , post coitus . ashley that be the best prom ever . coop you can say that again . and as ashl ey actually repeat she line , we see Fred mouth it along with she , proud of ts contribution to the script . ext . deacon be house - back yard - day 95 d Mat t strip off the sheet , spray they with lighter fluid , ang set themon fire . as the flame rise up and fill the reen , matt ( 0 . S. ) cut . that 's a wrap . end montage . int . wlliam wall high school - library - day 96 deacon be study in the library . rachael ( 0 . S. ) deacon ! he turn around and there she be : rachael unger . deacon rachael ? rachael hi , how be you ? deacon good. good. how be France ? rachael it be so fun . we just get back yesterday . the school totally screw up my class schedule . 97 final shoot scri pt 97 . deacon look she over . deacon so , how 's John baldwin ? rachael go white . rachael who tell you about that ? deacon everybody know . rachael we ev prybody be a liar . | never do it l I with jo bal dwin . deacon be stunne . deacon you do not ? rachael Jesus , deacon . | do not even know he . it 's not like it be with we . it hit deacon like a ton of brick . int . wlliam wall high school - a/v room - day 97 deacon and Fred enter and see Matt sit by the computer . fred so ...? deacon how do it look ? mat it look great . it 's the best porno film I have ever make . fred so what 's the problem ? deacon be you do with it ? mat well , | cut loget she some footage to give to Ashley for she reel , but | do not think | can finish this film fred why not ? final shoo Matt look Matt snap Fred shove ing scri pt 98 . matt , can not even watch it . every time | turn it on , | keep think about that tuna fish sandwich and coop farting all day ong . deacon hat be pretty gross . matt hat 's just it . the movie look great , but see everything else -- all the disgusting , nasty stuff -- that 's what 's aken all the fun out of it . and | just do not want to do it any more . fred great . | know it . | know you could not handle this . away . deacon take it easy , Fred . fred no , | know that when it come down to it , Matt would wuss out . matt you know what ? fuck you : Fred . you be the wuss here . at least do not have to whack off every time | see a girl in the hal | way . 's Matt . fred shut up , Matt . Matt stand up and get in Fred 's face . matt no , you shut up ! for once in you life , be a man and admit this movie be a mis stake . fred why do not you make I ? the two square off , stare each other down . until , deacon no. Matt 's right . this movie be a mis st ake . 98 final shoot scri pt 99 . fred / what be you talk about ? this whole thing be you idea . deacon / come on , Fred . do not you think this movie be go to be ... | do not know , sexy ? Fred look at the other two for a beat , not sure what to say . finally , he smile . fred how long have you guy know about the bathroom thing ? deacon | augh . matt you do not like make the movie , why not sy ? for i t you say something | do fred | do not know . | think you guy be have fun . | do not want to be the wuss . a beat . fred ( cont 'd ) so what about the car ? deacon the aerostar 's not so bad . fred what about the money and the power and the woman ? what about tony Montana ? matt scar face be just a stupid movie , Fred . Fred smile . matt ( cont 'd ) so what do we do with this ? he hold up the tape . ext . amusement park ( close ) - NI ght 98 the tape be burn in the center of a huge bonfire . a massive party be raging . ton of teenager be ganci no . drink , and have a good time rock to a live band . at the center of it all be Matt , Fred , and deacon be finally enjoy themselves . final shoot scri pt 100 . ashley hey , guy . great party . deacon thanks . ashley I have get some big news . | send the reel to vivid and they want to fly I and coop to L.A. to talk about a contract . matt wow . that 's great , Ashley . deacon congratulation . deacon hug she . bouncer ( 0 . S. ) deacon ! vinnie say we need more ice ! deacon . hang on , guy . I will be right back . he leave Fred and Matt alone with Ashley . fred ; hey , Ashley . can | ask you a question ? ashley sure . fred / do you think I and Matt will ever get girlfriend ? ashley be you kid ? come on , guy . you have it make . you be smart , funny , fun to be with . in a couple of year , girl will be die to meet man like you . matt really ? ashley well , no . popular . | good look guy al way gott gin : ( off they ook } hey , what be | suppose to say ? then , Roger wheel by , armin armwith he Hai rdress er . no more brace and headgear , Roger look sharp with slicked back hair and suave clothes . 99 100 final shoot scri pt 101 . roger hey , guy . great party . he wheel off . the guy and Ashley do a double take . ext . amusement park - parking lot - NI ght 99 the bouncer be check off name fromthe invite list . a long line of people be try to get in , include j.t . j.t. can not believe this loser be have such a killer party . coop be walk by and overhear the comment . coop : hey , you be not on the list , dude . j.t . what 's with you , you pussy ? be you join the retard team , too ? just then , plantain enter and walk to the front of the line . the high school guy stop everything to stare at she . plantain coop ! coop plantain . plantain kiss he , while nonchalantly grab he crotch . plantain come on . you do not need to wait in this [ hne .. deacon and the guy be already inside . goop. pul 's he arm around she and walk away , not without look back over he shoulder for a second at j.t. stand there , dumbfounded . then , the bouncer escort j.t. away . ext . amusement park - NI ght 100 Ashley be walk by Wendy and Kelly . wendy | can not believe naom dumped Jake for deacon Lewis . Ashley stop . ashley let I tell you something about deacon . that boy be amazing in bed . 100 a final shoot scri pt 102 . kelly and you be ...? ashley Ashley . deacon 's ex . wendy seriously ? ashley seriously . have you boyfriend ever give you a orgasm ? wendy no. kelly | think so . ( off Ashley 's | ook ) no . ashley have you ever feel so completely satisfied in bed that you just want to sleep for a week ? kelly and wendy no . ashley / . you be waste you time give that neanderthals blowjob . | mean , they will probably wind up unemployed wife beater anyway . kelly / so , be deacon 's friend see anybody ? ashley Matt and Fred ? | do not think so . but if you be interested , you better move fast hose guy know howto do this thing .. she whisper something to Wendy and Kelly . they look shocked . Ashley walk off ... ext . amusement park - NI ght 100 a ... and find deacon , sit alone on a break - down ride . she sit down next to he . ashley how 's naomi ? deacon | do not know . good , | guess . final shoot scri pt 103 . ashley ; | think she be you fantasy girl . deacon yeah . she be . ashley you be gonna dump she . deacon | do not want to . | do not know . it 's not like it be when | be with rachael . rachael and | use to talk about stuff . we just , | do not know , connect . ashley very good , deacon . deacon be confuse . deacon what do you mean ? ashley oh , nothing . | guess |' mjust glad that you finally figure it out . a moment of realization . deacon yeah , | guess | do . ea so | have to do this , do not 1 ? ashley ( joke this time ) | guess . or not . whatever . deacon smile . he fina care about he . Ashley into the horizon . iy understand that Ashley real | ' lly do ss himon the cheek and exit off 101 ext . amusement park - NI ght 101 deacon hold naomi 's hand and they walk and talk . deacon there 's something | want to talk to you about . naomi what ? deacon I have be think . maybe we should see other people . final shoot scri pt 104 . naomi what ? deacon wel | mean , we do not really y ha have aeything in common . and we don really even get along . naomi you be break up with I ? ( beat ) can we still have sex ? deacon / listen to what I be say , naomi . naomi the only reason | go out with you be because | think you be a nice guy : and now you be break up with I ? deacon yeah . | guess so . naomi / if you tell anybody about this ... | have a reputation . deacon | will not . you can tell people you dumped I if you want . naomi really ? deacon sure . what do | care ? naomi you see ? you be a nice guy . she kiss he on the cheek . deacon just do not tell anyone about the movie . all right ? she smile . jake ( 0.58 . this guy be pornographer ! it 's Jake , on the bandstand with the mike . he 's drunk . jake ( cont 'd ) they be pervert ! they make porno movie in they basement ! final shoot scri pt 105 . but no one be pay any attention . deacon / no one 's listen to you , Jake . give it a rest . Jake get down to confront the guy . jake oh be ally , skidmark ? | know someone who will believe I . you parent . deacon the web site be in someone else 's name . all we record be encrypt . there 's no trace it to we , jerk of jake / oh , really ? well , good thing | take the tape of Ashley masturbate in you basement . when they see that , they will see what kind of movie they perfect little deacon be make . / deacon do you make a copy of it ? ake no. deacon '' you send the original tape to my parent ? ake yup. naomi you know , Jake , you be a real dick ! she punch himin the stomach . he double over and she uppercut he . he fly backwards , crash through a table . deacon jesus. matt . . you should probably avoid pissing she off . deacon noted . guy . we have get a problem . 102 int . deacon ' S house - foyer - NI ght 102 large envelope label " OPEN I " sit with the unopen maf on the foyer table . 103 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 110 a final shoot scri pt ext . amusement park - parking lot - NI ght the guy get into the aerostar . VIC ( 0 . 8 . ) not so fast , lady . 106 . 103 it 's Vic and Mike , and Mike point he gun at deacon 's head . VIC ( cont ' D ) which one of you be ball mclongcock ? Matt and deacon give up Fred . VIC ( cont ' D ) good name . fred thanks . VIC too bad you be not go to be able to use it any more . deacon who the hell be you ? VIC the competition . and who the hell be you , come into my town , pay girl double what I be pay they ? this stupid after School special shit be cut into my business . so now |'m put you out of business . omi tted omi tted int . deacon ' S house - family room - NI ght the folk be read . omi tted omi tted omi tted omi tted ext . abandoned warehouse - NI ght close on the aerostar bumper sti gker , honor roll at wiliam Wall High School . my child be on the 104 105 106 107 108 109 110 110a 110b final shoot scri pt 107 . crane shot up to the second floor landing . int . abandoned warehouse - NI ght 110b deacon , Matt , and Fred be bound and gag , and hang by they pants from meat hook . mke take they gag off and they start whimper . matt please do not kill we , Mr. porno man . VIC relax . we be not go to kill you . the guy let out a collective sigh of relief . thank god. a beat . then Mike pull out the hedge clipper . MI ke ( matter of fact ) we be go to cut you ball off . fred what ?! ? the guy freak out , but mke 's gun keep themin place . VIC ( be : Fred ) start with he . fred ; why I ? it be all deacon 's idea ! deacon fred ! VIC okay . do the leader kid . ke m quit squirming . it hurt a lot more if you struggle . Vic start undoing deacon 's belt . deacon wait ! wait ! wait ! VIC come on , kid . take it like a man . Vic pull down deacon 's pants . Mike bring the blade together in a menace practice chop . final shoot scri pt deacon be crying like a little girl uncontrollably , create a cacophony of Mike go in for the cut ... matt we have get pre-order ! Mike stop and look back at vic. VIC what do you say ? matt we pre-sold copy of we video . VIC ( condescending ) how many ? fifty ? hundred ? matt no. sixty - three thousand , two hundred twelve . VIC what ? MI ke that 's a lot of product , vic. fred 108 . . Fred also sob boyhood terror . we have get order from all over the world . deacon we will give you the website if you let go . we Vic look at mke for a second , then shrug : Mike close the hedge clipper and they untie the kid and let deacon pull up he pants . VIC okay , so what 's you cut ? deacon not hing . fred except ... deacon what except ? there 's no except ! fred except you promise to su quality porn free of cha ( off deacon 's | ook ) ( more ) pply we with rge . they down . 112 final shoot scri pt 109 . fred ( cont 'd ) it could come in handy . | mean , until we get girlfriend . matt and ... deacon no , Matt ! matt ( embol dene ) and you have to maintain the artistic i n vision of after School special . VIC and what 's that ? Matt put he arm around around Vic 's shoulder . _ matt / the key be to try and remember what it be like before you have sex . what do you use to fantasize about ? a math teacher who bend over a little too far . the door to the girl ' locker room open just a sliver . go over to visit you friend and catch he mother come out of the shower . fred dude ? matt not you . deacon 's mom . fred oh yeah . I have be there . int . deacon ' S house - parent ' bedroom - day ( flashback ) 114 deacon 's momis shower , but the door to the bathroomis open . Fred wander into the bedroom . fred deacon ? be you in here ? int . abandoned warehouse - NI ght ( end flashback ) 112 deacon guy ! VIC okay . we have get a deal , but you gotta give I all you master tape . ( to Matt ) . and kid . if you ever need a job , give I 113 113a 113b 114 115 116 117 final shoot scri pt 110 . he hand Matt a card . deacon turn to Vic and shake he and . matt . . . it 's be a pleasure do business with you , Mr. ... VIC ramalot . Vic ramalot . fred good name . VIC thanks . the guy savor the moment , then simultaneously realize the clock 's still tick ... they run ! int . deacon ' S house - live room - NI ght / mr. lew S do you go through the mail today ? mrs . lews not yet . I will go get it . she get up to get the mail . ext . suburban STREET - NI ght the car race around a corner . int . aerostar - NI ght fred hurry ! _ deacon it 's a minivan ! it can not go that fast ! ext . STREET - NI ght the car race down the street . int . deacon ' S house - foyer - NI ght his mom approach the envelope and stack of mail . ext . deacon ' S house - NI ght they run up to the door and burst in . int . deacon ' S house - foyer - NI ght deacon run in and eye : a empty table . 113 113a 113b 114 115 116 117 final shoot scri pt 111 . he look around frantically . he run into the 117a int . deacon ' S house - live room - night ( conti nuous ) 117a where he parent be sit there wait for he he can tell by they expression , they know . mr . lews look for something in the mail , deacon ? deacon no , | just -- mr. lews maybe something you would rather not have we see . deacon go white . deacon Mom , dad ... mrs. lews it 's too late , deacon . / deacon wai t - - mrs. lews we just want you to know how deeply disappointed we be in you . deacon | can explain . mr. lews explain ? explain ? deacon if you will just give I a chance ... mr. lews how be you go to explain this ? he hold up the report card . mrs . lews how do you manage to get a " C " in biology ? deacon be in shock : relieved , confuse , and a little angry . mrs. lew S ( cont 'd ) know we should not have let he have a rlfriend I gi final shoot scri pt 112 . mr . lews let alone two -- deacon | / be that what this be about ? my biology class ? it 's just a stupid midterm grade . mr . lews | do not like you tone , mister . deacon Mom , dad . I be seventeen now . I be drive . I have get a_girlfriend . well , actually , we break up . but you guy treat I like a kid . be it too much to ask for to be a normal teenager with a normal life ? mrs . lew S you break up with Ashley ? deacon no. naomi . look. just want to have fun with my friend , okay ? they look he over . finally , relieved around the Max hand he | ook t mr . lew S okay , then . just make sure you do not repeat this performance on you final . deacon will not . he walk out into the foyer . Max appear from corner with the tape . they walk together . deacon ( cont ' D ) how much do you know ? max pretty much everything . Mr. slam . hima piece of paper . max ( cont ' D ) hese be my demand . hem over . deacon done. ( beat ) a do you know all along ? max be you kid ? who do you think make he first pre-order ? 118 119 final shoot scri pt 113 . Max hand himthe tape and they shake hand . deacon turn to Matt and Fred wait in the foyer . they be relieved . CUT to : fred' face 118 fred I 'mreally nervous . deacon put he arm around he shoulder . deacon my advice be to g pour be lose con of not worry . it 's pull back to reveal we be in int . dmv - day Fred be about to take he drive test . flash ! Fred get he picture take . ext . deacon' house - day 119 deacon drive the minivan home and pull in next to the brand new convertible sport car . deacon get out , excited . mr . lews what do you think ? deacon this be for I ? mr. lews be you crazy ? it 's for I . you want a new car , you get a after school job . deacon 's momis wear a sexy outfit and carry a overnight bag . she 's beam . mrs . lews but we be let you have the aerostar . it may not be " cool , " but it will get you where you be go . deacon thanks , guy . really . mrs . lews we be go away for the weekend . you father surprised I ! 120 final shoot scri pt 114 . deacon 's parent kiss then pull out of the driveway . ext . wlliam wall high school - parking lot - day 120 of the parking lot . in the he back seat be Matt , Max , and | get out and the freshmen g deacon 's driver 's license . deacon pull the minivan int assenger seat be Fred . int lax 's three fri end . they ia al scamper away . Matt be holdin matt . a it 's not even in focus . this be really shoddy work . n deacon take it back from he . matt ( cont ' D ) so , guy . | decide |'m go to apply to nyu next year . the film school fred too bad we burn the film . you could have submit it as you sample . matt good idea , ball . the guy start laugh . fred so , | guess we all get what we deserve . no money , no power , no woman . matt / tony Montana would be piss . just then , rachael spot they and walk over . deacon speak for yourself , guy . rachael hey , guy . deacon . deacon kiss she . the other two guy be stunne . int . wlliam wall high school - hallway - day 121 deacon walk down the hallway with Matt and Fred , and hold rachael 's hand . the four of themrun into Wendy and Kelly . wendy / hey , guy . hey , deacon . | hear naomi break up with you . deacon yeah . but | think it work out better this way . final shoot scri pt 115 . rachael smile . wendy hey , Fred . | hear you know a thing or two about give woman pleasure . Fred freeze . he steel himself , try to build up the nerve to say what he want to say . then , fred no , | do not . she 's disappointed . the whole gang hang they head . then , fred ( cont ' ) Matt know a thing or two about pleasure woman . | know everything . Fred smile ear to ear . Wendy laugh , duly impressed . wendy / we should go out some time . Kelly look at Matt seductively . kelly maybe all four of we could go out . mat that could work , you know , depend on my schedule . wendy cool . so call I . they walk off just as Jake push deacon from behind . jake watch where you be go , sphincter boy . but he 's deal with a totally new and improve deacon now . deacon | think | tell you not to call I that anymore . jake / what be you go to do about it ? deacon some people never | earn . Mat t pull out a funky remote control . he hit a button and all the monitor come on up and down the hallway . student stop to look up at they . final shoot scri pt 116 . on the moni tor 121a play a specially edit version of the infamous first attempt at make the porno , aptly title , " williamh . Wall High School present : the premature e-jake-ulator . " jake I have get a tiny pee-pee ? I 'ma premature e-j ac -u-la - tor ? hallway 121b Jake be horrify . jake stop it ! stop the video ! matt you probably should not have mail that tape back to we . the video start repeat in continuous loop , but have be edit to sound like a rap song . jake ( 0.8 . ) / tiny pee-pee . tiny pee-pee . e-jac-u-la - tor. e-jac , e-jac , e-jac-u-laaaaaaa-tor . student point and laugh at he , while deacon and the guy continue on down the hallway , dance to the beat . deacon kiss rachael goodbye . deacon / you know , guy , I have be think about somet hing . fred what 's that ? deacon / about how make the movie do not turn oul to be so fun . | think | figure out why . they stop at they locker . deacon ( cont ' D ) sex be like a comic book , still in original wrapper . once you open it read it , it lose its value . the up and fred deep. 122 final shoot scri pt 117 . matt | think he 's get something there . make that movie feel like we be tamper with force we could not possibly understand . deacon exactly . the fun part about high school be unravel the mystery of what 's go to happen next . and dial the combination on they locker . in Jake be still on the ground cry . we track th th ; th |lway , outside ... 300 ext . wlliam wall high school - parking lot - day 121c ge car transport , with three | where we see a | h be license plate read " johnny lar sport car on it . the slam , " and " ball . " track over to Mike , unload the car and Vic , stand there smile . to new t h , " " SAM fade out : end credit fade in : int . HOTEL room - NI ght 122 deacon 's parent be in bed . on the tv play familiar sounding porno music on the hotel pay-per-view . mr. lew S why do they always have to show the guy 's face ? mrs . lew S ; to make you think you can get girl as hot as she . it 's a basic rule of porno . a long beat . mr. lews hey . be not that we basement ? fade out : the end