barney 's version by Michael konyve base on the novel by mordecai richler white 10 - 23- 09 1 . int . den - barney and miriam apartment - night a tumbler of scotch . a half empty bottle of macallan 's . a burn montecristo cigar in a ashtray . a hand pick up a telephone and dial . barney I would like to speak with my wife . blair ( v.0 . ) ( groggy ) ; ; barney ...? it 's three in the morning . barney put my wife on the phone . blair ( v.0 . ) she 's not you wife and I be not waking she . barney then just ask she what she want I to do with this nude photo I have of she . come to think of it , you might actually want they if only to see what Miriam look like in she prime . click . dial tone . barney hang up , puff on he cigar . feeling good . photo of he and Miriam strewn over the table . none of they nude . CUT to : int . den - barney and miriam apartment - morning the bottle of macallan 's now empty . the cigar burn to the nub . a alarm clock drone on and on from the bedroom . it finally get turn off . barney panofsky ( 64 ) , hang over and in he robe , lumber down the hallway and to the front door . int . hallway outside barney' apartment - continuous he pick up the morning newspaper . scan the front page . something he read upset he . barney fuck . a soccer ball roll and stop at barney 's foot . white 10-23-09 2 . justin ( 8 ) run up and grab the ball . he stare up at barney . barney stare back neighbor ( 0.s. ) Justin , come on , we be late . justin hi barney . barney good morning . Justin run off . barney turn back inside . int . kitchen - barney and miriam apartment - later now dress , barney read the paper as he finish he bagel and lox . he look at he watch -- shit , he 's late . drop the paper on the table . put the dish in the sink . insert - newspaper blurb - front page " book review : detective Sean o'hearne write he own account of the scandal that rock the city 30 year ago ... " beside the blurb be a old picture of barney in handcuff . int . kitchen - barney and miriam apartment - continuous he grab he cell phone and turn it on , then notice the answer machine . insert - blinking answering machine : 10 message . he press play , but only listen to the first few word of each message before fast forward to the next . answering machine ( female voice ) hi dad , I know it 's early ... hi dad , I again ... where be you ... dad , call meeee ... the next few message from a angry male voice . answering machine ( cont 'd ) dad , its Michael .... dad , I know you be there ... be you screen ?... barney turn the machine off . now he can not find he key . scour the house for they . his cell phone ring . barney hello ? white 10-23-09 ext . STREET - morning intercut with kate ( 24 ) , barney 's daughter . walk to she job as a grade school teacher , carry a bag and thermos . kate daddy , where be you ? I have be call all morning . barney the ringer be off . kate Blair have a heart attack last night . barney really ? kate really . barney how bad ? kate minor . he think it be indigestion . barney putz . he find he key . rushes out the door kate dad , it 's still a heart attack . int . hallway - continuous barney hurry down the hallway to the elevator . barney that 's true . the long term effect of this thing do not often show up until later . impotence be still on the table . kate be you not at all concerned that you might have cause this ? barney why would I be ? kate Mom tell I about the phone call last night . white 10-23-09 4 . that triggers a distant alcohol fogge memory . ding . the elevator arrive . he step in . barney I will call you back . I be step in the elevator . kate you better . barney grin from ear to ear , fill with glee at this news . on the elevator door close we ... CUT to : int . car - drive - morning barney drive he mercede , back on the phone with kate who be approach the school she teach at . barney I may have accidentally dial they number . kate sure , dad . but you do have a out - it seem that Blair be already have chest pain when you call but he do not want to bother mom with it . it be you call that wake she , and she then insisted on take he to the hospital . barney so I save he life . kate my hero . barney do you see the paper today ? kate I do . be you okay ? barney yeah , I be fine . ( beat ) I will call you later . kate okay . Love you . barney Love you too . white 10- 23-09 5 . ext . totally unnecessary production - day barney drive up to the office of totally unnecessary production and pull into he personal parking spot . CUT to : int . tv soundstage - day we drop right into a scene of barney 's tv show , the long run soap - " o'malley of the NORTH " . the constable , o'malley , mid -50 's and still handsome , be be tend to by a female nurse play by solange ( 52 ) , make a " house call " to the local bar . solange ( wrapping a bandage ) how do that feel , o'malley ? o'malley warm and tight . solange , originally cast as the " sexpot " of the show , she uniform be inappropriately low cut and tight for a woman she age , but she work it like she 's still the cat 's meow . barney quietly walk onto the sound stage , and sit in he producer chair . the scene be painful for he watch . he pull over a wardrobe girl . barney can we do something about she outfit ? wardrobe girl I try . she have they alter herself . director CUT ! ( to barney ) how be that ? barney appallingly bad . director great . moving on . solange 's bright smile instantly sour as she eye barney . solange I want to talk to you ! barney immediately hustle himself away . white 10-23-09 solange ( cont 'd ) do not you run away from I ! she try to go after he but be stop by the sound guy who need to remove she mic . four executive descend upon he , struggle to keep pace , include MARK ( 40 ) . everyone talk over each other MARK executive do you see today 's we need to go over the paper ? open for next week 's episode . MARK executive the teaser be a minute and we lose the location long - - so we have to rewrite it for the studio -- barney push through a door , lead everyone into -- int . totally unnecessary production office - continuous row of desk occupy by accountant , story editor assistant . barney whisk through the aisle - everyone still hot on he tail . barney ( announce to entire office ) good morning everyone . yes I have see today 's paper , no I do not give a fly fuck and neither should you , let that be the end of it . MARK barney , the network want to make a really big deal about the 30th season . barney that 's in a year . MARK they be look ahead , and they be open to renewing for two more season . ( nervous ) but they have a few suggestion . barney how long have you work for I ? MARK eighteen year . white 10-23-09 barney so why do you still act like a girl ask permission for a sleepover ? tell I what the hell it be . barney head into -- int . barney' office - continuous the exec 's all follow inside and stand in silence . Mark step forward as barney flip through mail on he desk . MARK they want to bring in a new face . someone young . maybe give solange a sexy , young niece who come to live with she -- barney they want to fire solange ? MARK they want we to write she down in favor of a new character barney no . no way . MARK we will do it in a classy way -- barney I will not humiliate she like that . she 's be on the show since day one . I will give she you job before that happen . MARK they be not ask . if we do not do it , this be we last season . no one under fifty watch the show . barney so they want to bring in some tit and ass ? MARK be not that why you first hire she ? solange suddenly burst through the crowd of exec 's and slam a folder down on barney 's desk . solange I want a word with you now . white 10-23-09 barney open the folder and scan the papers inside . barney what language be this ? solange they be from Bulgaria . Press clipping about I and they just keep come . they love I over there . this prove what I be really worth to the foreign market . barney toss the folder aside . barney I will give it my utmost attention . solange I hire a new lawyer , a real shark and he say -- MARK whoa , whoa , solange , why do we need to bring lawyer into this ? solange turn around and push the exec 's out . solange out ! I want to talk barney alone . MARK barney , we have to discuss -- solange out ! she slam the door on they and turn to barney . instantly soften . solange ( cont 'd ) I feel like everyone be laugh at I . tell I honestly , how do I look ? beat . barney you look like the reason we be still on the air . sexy as hell . solange ( teary ) thank you . ( beat ) but you be still go to pay I what I deserve . her tone white 10- 23-09 9 . she stop just before exite . solange ( cont 'd ) I see the paper . how be you do ? barney Fine . not want to get into it , barney busy himself with move around papers . solange take the cue , then take a deep breath , put she game face on and storm out , slamm the door behind she for effect . CUT to : int / ext . barney' car - drive - day barney drive through downtown montreal , eventually parking in front of grumpy 's bar int . grumpy bar - day barney walk into he regular water hole - grumpy bar . the bar spot with regular who mumble hello to he . jill the bartender serve he he usual . jill you get home okay last night ? barney I get home . with a glance , Jill direct barney down the bar . jill he 's have more than a few already . detective sean o'hearne , around 60 , slide off he barstool . grossly overweight , blotchy salmon red complexion . o' hearne you see that review in the paper today ? not bad . barney ignore he . o'hearne place a copy of the infamous book he 's write " with friend like these " on the bar o'hearne ( cont 'd ) that 's for you . I even sign it . barney open the book - dump a handful of peanut on the page , pound it shut with he fist , then flip it back open and start eat from the crack nut . white 10-23-09 10 . o'hearne ( cont 'd ) why do you have to be like that ? I write a nice little note to you . o'hearne slide the book back over to himself and clumsily flip to he hand write inscription . he 's very drunk . o'hearne ( cont 'd ) " to barney , none of this would have be possible without you . all the best , detective Sean o'hearne " . barney what the hell be you do here ? o' hearne this be a big day . I think I would buy you a drink , share in the moment , be a " mensch " , like you might say . barney look at o'hearne . marvell at he idiocy . barney for someone who profess to hate I so much , you sure do go out of you way to come around here a lot . o' hearne I just want to know what you do with the body already . barney you really want to know ? Fine . I carve he up with a chainsaw , dumped the part in the St. lawrence river o' hearne chainsaw , my ass . you would never have the gut to cut he up . if you will not tell I now , promise you will at least leave I a note in you will . barney c'mon o'hearne , you be bound to go first . look at you - prick you with a fork on a hot summer day and you would explode like a pan fry sausage . o' hearne this heart will still be pump strong when you prostate turn to marble , panofsky . white 10-23-09 11 . jill why do not you just leave he alone already ? o' hearne because he get away with murder , sweetie . ( look at barney ) you screw over everyone you ever know or care about , and now the whole world be go to know what a cocksucke murderer you really be . o'hearne be right up in he face . intense stare . barney you breath stink . o'hearne have to tear himself away before he try to kill barney . he slide the book back over to he . o' hearne it 's a real page turner . o'hearne march out . barney 's eye reluctantly drift to the cover photo of the book insert - black and white photo circa 1974 , barney with he arm around he best friend boogie . flashback to : ext . restaurant - trastavere , rome - night - past title : rome , 1974 barney be out cavort with he crew - over educate contemporary live the bohemian life in Rome . barney 's algonquin round table . copious amount of food and drink . lively conversation overlap , as we move around a crowded table . local , ex-pat and plenty of girl . a few of barney 's standout friend be : cedric richardson , African american , actor , extremely handsome , three fawn girl with he . leo fasoli , italian bearded artist , he pants and t-shirt speckle with paint . cedric ... I know that I can not just sit around and wait for something to happen . ( more ) white 10-23-09 12 . cedric ( cont 'd ) so I call up the director and tell he : " I have be offer othello for the third straight year and I be not go to pass it up just to play the fuck Chuck wagon cook again . who do I look like , roscoe Lee Brown ? " but that 's how it 's write " he answer . so I tell he - " Roberto , the time have come for the black man to hold a gun instead of a spatula " . barney amen ! cedric and he have the role rewritten for I . I be now posse member number 4 . leo to cedric , live the lesson of the bard : " be as great in act , as you have in think " . everyone toast . barney 's eye light up as he leap from he chair to greet -- barney boogie ! everyone boogie / welcome back ! ! boogie , barney 's best and most cherish friend . tall and lean , he possess a physical and intellectual magnetism that enchant everyone who meet he . he have a stun girl ( the countess ) on he arm . boogie be greet by all and hand some wine . cedric make it a point to introduce himself to the countess . cedric I be cedric . countess /maria maria. ( flirtatious ) you look familiar to I . cedric I be a actor . maria I know it . you look like a movie star . white 10-23-09 13 . the countess then slide up to boogie , whisper something in he ear , kiss he deeply , then walk off to the bathroom . her exquisite beauty silence they all . cedric who be that ? boogie ah , the countess . a descendant of giuseppe Garibaldi , no less . leo where do you meet she ? boogie somewhere between my blackout in Lake como and my hangover in ste- maxime . if you could find out and get she name , that would be great . but enough about that , I want to hear about all of you . Leo , how be you show at galerie Des point ? the silence around the table indicate - " not so good " . barney his work be too bold for that crowd . leo the show be a bust . I only sell one piece - to barney . barney hold up the painting to show boogie . cedric barney - we very own patron of the art . otherwise know as we only friend with a real job . everyone toast . boogie ( to barney ) and so , my High Priest , do you get through that book I send you ? barney a few of they . boogie only a few ? I send they month ago . what have you be do with yourself ? barney well , actually , I be get marry . white 10-23-09 14 . boogie what ?! to who ? clara ( 0.s. ) to I . boogie turn around to find clara chamber ( 26 ) , tall , skinny , pale and beautiful , gypsy shawl and skirt . Three month pregnant , and slightly show at she belly . she downs a shot of grappa and light a cigarette as she sit . clara ( cont 'd ) Prince charmingbaum here knock I up by way of a magical thirty second of friction . barney where have you be ? you do not come home last night . clara who remember ? ( to boogie ) have he tell you what he 's do now ? export olive oil to some guy , hymie back in montreal . it 's like a bad jewish sitcom . barney someone need to make a live . clara he come to Europe and sell oil . it 's fuck humiliate . you be not one of we . you be a voyeur -- boogie okay , a toast to the newlywed ! to you health , you happiness - - clara ( at barney ) and a three inch prick everyone l'chaim ! everyone drink . barney scowl at Clara . she instantly switch gear to soft and loving . clara I be sorry , baby . you be still my yummy yid . white 10-23-09 15 . she get on he lap , curling herself around he like a cat . he start to soften , the party around they continue on .... ext . rome STREET - later that night close down the bar , the whole gang pour out into the street . barney and boogie lead the way , share a flask barney shlepping Leo 's painting with he . boogie why do you agree to marry she ? barney I get she pregnant . boogie so? Clara 's crazy . she 's a conversation piece , not a wife . and how do you even know it 's yours ? barney it 's mine . boogie if you say so . boogie turn to the gang : Leo pull up the rear with he girl . cedric walk with one arm around Clara and the other around the countess , who be quite smitten with he . boogie ( cont 'd ) so what 's the plan everyone ? what be we do ? cedric I have a early call time tomorrow . leo yeah , I be exhaust . boogie oh , come on . TI do not believe what I be see . clara ( lighting a cigarette ) Count I out . I be already hang over and I be not even do be drunk yet . oh , yeah , and I be fuck pregnant too . c'mon , barney . boogie he 's come with I . white 10-23-09 16 . clara where be you go ? boogie take he out for a proper bachelor party . clara oh no , you be not . boogie you do not own he just yet . boogie drag barney down a side street . boogie ( cont 'd ) get any money ? barney some . why ? boogie provision . int . boogie' room - HOTEL cisterna - later laid out on the table in boogie 's hotel room : a bottle of scotch , two pack of gauloise , a pack of roll papers , a small ball of tinfoil . barney find two clean glass in the messy room and pour they each a drink . boogie unwrap the tinfoil to reveal a ball of opium inside . then gather he drug paraphernalia . boogie we have to do it all , barney . opium , horse , hash - everything under and behind the sun , on and off the table . we only go around once . they toast and drink . boogie then hand barney a thick manuscript off the floor barney you finish it ?! boogie not quite yet . but you can read it so far . barney drop onto the mattress and start right away . 3/4 of a bottle of scotch later white 10- 23-09 17 . barney have go through a hundred page so far barney boogie , this be brilliant . absolutely brilliant . when be they publishing it ? boogie they be not . barney why ? boogie I do not submit it . barney why the hell not ? boogie I tell you , it 's not finish yet . and anyway , I be never give it to that feckless editor . barney what about the advance they pay you ? boogie I write he another one . barney which ? boogie reach over and toss barney a manuscript . insert - manuscript : " vanessa's pussy " barney ( cont 'd ) what 's it about ? while boogie weave he tale , he heat up and crumble some of the opium , prepare to smoke it in a pipe . boogie it 's a new interpretation of the Book of job , as tell through vanessa 's vaginal lip . pious and pristine vanessa 's pussy be a pillar of religious devotion . then one day , without warning or reason , vanessa 's pussy be suddenly fuck over and over and over again by the Supreme be ; a deity who erect himself into this temporal world as the great cock . after a ungodly amount of ( more ) white 10-23-09 18 . boogie ( cont 'd ) drilling , and now a shell of the hole she use to be , vanessa 's pussy surrender she absolute devotion to the great cock . as reward , she elasticity be restore , but she 's leave with a recur odorous rash . ( beat ) for some reason the editor pass . barney look at he dumfounded . barney let I guess - vanessa be the editor 's wife . boogie be . boogie take a hit off the pipe . barney try to stare he down like a disapprove parent , but the sheer bravado of the story make they both crack up . barney Jesus , boogie , stop dick around and finish you book already . barney pour himself more scotch and continue read . CUT to : ext . stair - campidoglio - day wedding day . boogie , cedric , Leo accompany barney and Clara up the step to the Mayor 's Marriage Office . Clara be seven month pregnant , wear a black veil . cedric help she up the stair . barney wear a mix and match tuxedo . he and boogie walk ahead of the other . boogie listen , you do not have to go through with this . barney you be say this to I now ? boogie I be just say , no one will think anything less of you . white 10-23-09 19 . barney ( beat ) C 'mon , we be already late . int . magistrate's office - campidoglio - day everyone wait for the judge who look over they paperwork . ( judge's dialogue be in italian and subtitled ) . judge I vistri passaporti , prego the judge take a cursory glance and hand they to he clerk . judge ( cont 'd ) I testimoni , prego - bernardo moscovitz , Leonardo fasoli . boogie and Leo step forward and sign the marriage license . judge ( cont 'd ) barney panofsky , firmi qui . barney sign . judge ( cont 'd ) Clara charnofksy , firmi qui . barney ( in bad italian ) charnofsky ? no , be chiama Clara Chambers . judge non secondo il suo passaporto . Clara say nothing . barney grab she passport to see for himself . clara I be marry to a Russian gangster for maybe five day . I run away on the honeymoon . I just never bother to do the paperwork to change the name back . barney do you not think to mention this ? clara do not worry , you still get yourself a true blue shiksa . white 10-23-09 20 . barney what else have not you tell I ? any kid I do not know about ? clara only two - yosel and chaim . they be lock in we attic . when you be out get the hockey score I let they down and force feed they pork roast milkshake through a funnel . dumfounded silence . then -- Clara snatch the pen from barney 's hand and sign the license in a flash . clara ( cont 'd ) there . cedric ( beat ) mazel tov ! int . barney / clara' apartment - night thunder and lightening rage outside . barney hold Clara in he arm as she be curl on the bed , clutching she black wedding veil , tremble with white knuckle fear ; a child terrify of the thunder . all around the apartment we see scrap of half write poem , sketches and painting . clara I be sorry . ( beat ) you still love you crazy Clara , do not you ? barney ( beat ) of course . ( beat ) can I get you anything ? you have not eat a thing all day . clara maybe a piece of fruit . barney reach over and hand she a banana off the table . Clara begin to peel it from the wrong end . barney why do you peel it like that ? white 10-23-09 21 . clara I read somewhere this be how monkey do it . I figure they should know . she may be crazy , but she have she odd charm . barney hold she tight as she flinch at another rumble of thunder CUT to : int . agostino gemelli university polyclinic ( hospital ) - day barney run through the hall of the hospital in Rome , frantically demand help from the nurse 's desk . barney ( to nurse , in italian ) I need to find my wife - Clara panofsky . or Chambers . or maybe charnofsky . int . doctor' office - hospital - day the doctor sit down , light up a cigarette . doctor signor panofsky - mis dispiace - I will speak in English . I be afraid the infant be a stillborn . barney be speechless . doctor ( cont 'd ) but you wife be healthy and will certainly be able to bear other child . ( beat ) I must ask if you know the biological father - for we record . barney I be the father . the doctor look at barney incredulously , then to he chart , than back at barney . doctor then you must be a albino . int . clara' hospital room - day barney enter and sit at Clara 's bedside . she 's sketching a picture of barney on a pad as they talk . barney will not look she in the eye . white 10-23-09 22 . clara every four hour they attach clamp to my nipple and milk I like a cow . ( beat ) I be sure it be yours -- barney can we talk about this later ? barney be visibly hurt and angry . Clara stroke he arm . clara oh barney , you really do wear you heart on you sleeve . ( beat ) now put it away , it 's disgusting to look at . barney ( up and leave ) I will pick you up tomorrow . clara I be not go to let you divorce I ! barney be already out the door int . hallway - hospital - day barney walk down the hallway where he friend be gather and look somber . the countess and Leo be consol cedric . barney make a bee-line for cedric and sucker punch he . boogie jump in and wrestle barney away from cedric . boogie easy , man . c'mon . he just lose a son . barney look at boogie - " what the fuck ? " . with a incredulous grunt , he walk off . ext . barney / clara' apartment - day barney help Clara out of a taxi and into they apartment building . int . barney / clara' apartment - day barney help Clara onto the bed , pour she a glass of water clara okay , I be ready to talk now . barney wait . white 10-23-09 23 . clara ( cont 'd ) I have already speak with a lawyer . if you divorce I I be entitle to half you income for the rest of you life . barney Clara , I never know you have such a practical streak in you . clara surprise . not all we shiksa 's be chump . ( light a cigarette ) look , I be not a pig despite what you might think . I will settle for a year 's rent on this dump and a allowance of fifty dollar a week . barney I will move out tomorrow . clara oh look , the color 's come back into you cheek . now you can finally go back home , tongue you way into proper society and find yourself a nice jewish girl - someone who shop . barney ( grab a few clothes ) as always , you insight be dazzle . clara come now , I do you a great favor . you will be able to entertain they all at the United jewish appeal gala with storey about crazy Clara Chambers before she get famous . now get the hell out while I try and rustle up a proper fuck . barney walk out and never look back . int . stairwell - continuous Clara run out and scream down the stairwell after barney . clara wait ! I be sorry , barney ! let 's start over ! please , barney ! please ! dissolve to : white 10-23-09 24 . int . boogie' room - HOTEL cisterna - day barney be aggressively chopping vegetable as he prepare food . boogie crumple some hash to roll in a joint . barney my uncle irv offer to get I into tv production . he say there 's all this tax loophole in Canada that make it foolproof . boogie pass the lighter off the table . barney reach for the lighter . he see a envelope address to he . he open it and pull out a handwritten note : clara' voice ( v.o . ) dear barney , please come for dinner tonight at eight . I think it 's important we talk . I be sorry . I really do miss you . I need you . I will even make latke . your , Clara . barney when do this come ? boogie what ? oh , that . shit. sorry , I forget . I think it come a few day ago . barney look at boogie with disgust , throw the lighter at he on he way out the door . int . stairwell - villa della fonte - day barney run up the stair . int . barney / clara' apartment - day barney rush in and find a table set for a candlelight dinner for two . the candle completely burn away . barney Clara ? he slowly move through the apartment ... int . kitchen - continuous a char chicken and a tray of latke out on the stove . white 10- 23-09 25 . int . bedroom - continuous where Clara lie dead on the bed . a empty bottle of sleep pill at she side . her sketches and poetry scattered all over the room . barney drop to she , feel for a pulse . nothing . his eye well up with tear ... dissolve to : int . barney / clara' apartment - day panning over soile laundry , empty wine bottle , ashtray the abstract painting of Leo 's ... to a hang over barney , snoozing on the sofa , waken to a pounding on the door . rising unsteadily , barney climb over pack carton label : " Clara 's poetry , Clara 's sketch , Clara 's painting " . he open the door . charnofsky ( 50 ) , stand there . a Orthodox Jew , black hat , black wool coat and a Van dyke beard . his tie have be neatly rent ( cut ) with scissors . barney be you here about the apartment ? charnofksy I be chaim charnofsky . barney the Russian ? charnofksy Brighton Beach . I be Clara 's father you machuten . be you go to invite I in ? still in a haze , barney step to the side . hand clasped behind he back , charnofsky wander in , study the apartment . he be immediately draw to a specific ink sketch : the complete sketch Clara start in the hospital : barney , draw to look like Satan , along with a group of demon ravish a pregnant young woman who look much like Clara . charnofksy ( cont 'd ) who would buy such a disgusting thing ? barney actually , Clara make it . ( beat ) she say she parent be dead . white 10-23-09 26 . charnofksy she 's be say that since she be ten . ( look barney over ) so you be the one she marry ? ( off barney 's nod ) I understand there be a child . barney we lose he . charnofksy so you lose a son and I lose a daughter . May there be no more mourn in you house or mine . ( beat ) you have a bisel schnapp ? CUT to : int . kitchen - moment later barney pour they each a scotch . charnofksy I be the cantor of the b'nai Jacob synagogue . it 's not a princely live , but they provide we with a apartment . ( look at box ) Clara 's thing ? barney her notebook . poem , diary , ink drawing . people think highly of she work . you should have a publisher look at they . charnofksy diary , you say ? filth about I and she mother , I be sure . ship they to my nephew . he 's a professor of literature at nyu . he use to encourage she . charnofsky finish he drink . pour himself another charnofksy ( cont 'd ) I can imagine the guilt you be carry right now , but you should know this be not the first time my Clara try to kill herself . it all start when she be twelve . ( more ) white 10-23-09 27 . charnofksy ( cont 'd ) tearing she hair out in clump , " I be not jewish " , " you be not my parent " she would scream . she would refuse to eat , we would have to force feed she chicken soup through a funnel , then she would vomit all over I on purpose . she would run away for day and sneak black boy into the house so the whole neighborhood could see . my wife want to die . that 's when I start lock she in the attic . she be a danger to everyone . my wife would bring she food , leave it outside the door . once she go to collect the dish and let out a shriek - you know why ? Clara leave a number two on the plate . barney she be obviously sick . charnofsky you be tell I ? we go to Dr. kupner . the head rabbi 's son - in - law , go to Harvard , the best in town . you think Clara be grateful ? " he feel up my tit " she would scream in front of everyone at the hospital . it be a horror . barney I think you should leave . charnofsky what ? I have upset you ? barney get out of here . charnofsky you dare speak to I that way ? after all my wife and I endure for that child . we do everything we could , but only God determine the outcome . barney God do not lock a sick child in the attic . God do not place he daughter in the hand of a molester then apologize for any embarrassment she may have cause he . white 10-23-09 28 . charnofsky you act all high and mighty with I ?! barney take hold of he arm and frog-march he to the door and out into the hallway . int . stairwell outside barney / clara' apartment - continuous charnofsky you could not have make she so happy either or she would not have do that to herself . barney get out . charnofsky the man at the embassy tell I she be dead two day before you find she . two day ! where be you she loving husband ?! a irate barney take a menace step toward he . barney get out now . charnofsky scramble down the stair , yell back at barney -- charnofsky murderer , oysvorf , mamzer . I wish makke on you and you unborn child ! int . barney and miriam apartment - kitchen - day - present day back to present day . barney stir a pot of boil pasta . it 's ready . turn the burner off . pull out a strainer from a cupboard . he pause for a moment , look at the strainer quizzically . he grab the phone and dial . barney Michael . int . michael be loft - brooklyn - same time michael ( 26 ) , barney 's son , in he Brooklyn loft . sparsely decorate and immaculate except for he cluttere work area fill with papers and stack upon stack of book . white 10-23-09 29 . intercut michael hi dad . barney what do you call that thing you use for pasta ...? michael what ? barney I be hold it in my goddamn hand - the thing to strain pasta ... michael a strainer ? barney the other word . michael colander . barney colander . see , this be what you have to look forward to . barney prepare he pasta as he talk . beat . michael this be why you call ? barney and to say hello . michael hello . michael ( cont 'd ) I read online that o'hearne 's book finally come out . barney yeah , I hear about that . michael how be it ? barney how would I know ? I would not read that garbage . white 10-23-09 30 . barney shut o'hearne 's book , which we now see be open and dog-eare on the counter just then , Michael 's fiancee caroline ( 28 ) come home . a young lawyer in a power suit . she flip off she heel , give he a kiss . caroline ( whisper ) who 's that ? michael my dad . caroline sneer . michael ( cont 'd ) dad , I have to go , caroline just get home . she say hi . barney no she do not . how 's the thesis come along ? michael it 's not , but I do find a title : " the colonialist racial ideology of western modernism in bellow 's work " . barney catchy . michael thanks . I gotta go . barney sure . Michael hang up . move with barney as he carry he bowl of pasta out to the bar where he fix himself a scotch . after pour he drink he pause for a moment to stare at one of the many personal photo hang behind the bar when he walk away we remain on the photo he be look at : in Black & White - barney and he uncle irv nussbaum pose at a fundraiser for Israel . flashback to : int . office of irv nussbaum - day - past title : montreal 1975 white 10-23-09 31 . barney be in the office of he uncle , irv nussbaum ( 60 ) . while irv be on the phone , barney peruse a wall of plaque dedicated to irv for he effort in support Israel . irv ( into phone ) -- abe , you know what happen last night ? some nazi punk take a shit right on the step of the Beth Zion ... that 's right . that 's why you can not get complacent with you support - we need Israel . I do not have to tell you where thing like this lead to - it start with a turd , next thing we be wear arm band again ... ( nodd ) ... wonderful , oh and you be come for dinner this Friday , right ? great . irv hang up , pleased as punch . irv . ( cont 'd ) donation go through the roof when shit like this happen . let 's eat . irv get up and exit . barney follow . int . factory - continuous irv lead barney through the factory . irv I be go to trust you with a few pledge card to begin with . you do good for Israel , good will come you way . now , the rule of the game : never visit you target in the office where he 's king shit and you be just another shmuck look for a handout . you lure the lion out with meat -- CUT to : int . moishe' steak house - day lunch time . Black tie waiter carry big juicy steak , cole slaw , and pickle to businessman in booth . irv -- and no one do meat like moishe 's . irv shake hand with practically every big wig have lunch . CUT to : white 10-23-09 32 . moving with two new york steak which be bring to irv and barney , now seat . irv this be my table . you sit here , nowhere else . I will give you the target 's annual income . not the number on he tax return - the real number . int . moishe' steak house - day - flash forward barney have steak with ROBERT lantos . barney look a little green around the collar . irv ( v.0 . ) -- you slam dunk he on the holocaust . it could happen here , you tell he . Israel be we insurance policy . barney ( to target 1 ) it could happen here . Israel be we insurance policy . CUT to : int . moishe' steak house - day - flash forward barney with target 2 . he 's get a little more comfortable . barney it could happen here . Israel be we insurance policy . CUT to : int . moishe' steak house - day - flash forward barney with target 3 . barney 's sport a good haircut and a nice suit . he 's get the hang of this . barney who 's to say it could not happen here ? Israel be we insurance policy . CUT to : int . irv' condo - cocktail fundraiser - night ( 1976 ) barney 's hold court a group of big wig which include all the target and ROBERT lantos . he 's certainly find he stride in ' proper ' society . white 10-23-09 33 . barney -- and I hate to say it , but it could happen here . target 3 absolutely , we get that , but tell marv about the tv deal . target 2 be it a good show ? ROBERT lantos it 's a mound of shit but it 's the best goddamn tax shelter I have ever have . irv gentlemen , I need to borrow my nephew for a moment . irv escort barney away . irv ( cont 'd ) what do I tell you , boychick ? fundraise , produce , it 's all the same dance . now listen , I get a girl I want you to meet . barney irv , I do not need to be set up . irv listen , this girl 's get it all - come from a very good family , she have a master 's from mcgill , and she 's a real looker . sit . irv tap the shoulder of the second mrs . p ( 30 ) . the ultimate ' jap ' . cute , voluptuous , stylishly dress . second mrs . p you must be barney . irv 's tell I all about you . later barney and the second Mrs . p sit in a corner away from the rest of the guest . they be hit it off . second mrs . p ( cont 'd ) -- throughout the entire second year of my master 's degree I keep have the same recur dream where I be 16 again , stand in reuben 's butchershop on St. viateur wear my hair ina pigtail tie with this velvet ribbon ( more ) white 10-23-09 34 . second mrs . p ( cont 'd ) my aunt Sarah get I from sak -- do you know reuben ? he be such a card . when I be ten he would come around from behind the counter and ask " how come a beauty like you be not marry yet ? " - so it 's true you father be really a cop ? that 's why you be not a square like most of the jewish boy I meet -- what be you smile about ? you be a little devil be not you ... her grate quality aside , she be sexy and the picture perfect jewish wife . maybe irv 's right . ext . the second mrs . p's parent mansion - night barney and izzy ( 60 ) , he father , walk up the steep step . izzy 's carry a bottle of scotch for a gift . barney so , dad , remember , watch the language and mind the manners . izzy I get it , kid . do not worry . they reach the door . barney ring the bell . the door open -- on barney and izzy izzy ( cont 'd ) mazel tov ! barney dad , that 's the housekeeper . a short , Polish housekeeper , stare at they coldly . izzy swanky . int . formal dine room - later classical music . the gentle tinkling of silver cutlery on fine china . dinner with the soon to be in - law - the waspiest Jews you have ever see . it 's clear they be far from happy about this union . everyone eat in horribly awkward silence . second mrs . p Mr. panofsky , I bet you have a lot of interesting storey , have be a detective and all . white 10-23-09 35 . izzy please , gorgeous , call I izzy . and I be just a beat cop . Jews do not get promote to detective in this town . mother-in-law have you encounter anti-semitism in you profession ? izzy what do you think ? let I give you a example : one of my first shift on the job , I corner four guy do a dope deal in a alley . Big score for a rookie . I call for backup " cuz the rule say you can only put three in a patrol car , and I be try to play it by the book . you think they send anyone to help ? the dispatcher say to I : " you people be good with number - you figure it out " . so I toss three in the back , throw the fourth across the hood , handcuff he to the side- view mirror , then haul ‘em all in . = other - in - law oh my God , that 's so dangerous . izzy only when he block my view . mother-in-law I mean for he . izzy you can not be soft with this degenerate . father - in - law be you say you be gratuitously violent with suspect felon ? izzy gratuitously ? I always get pay , I be not gonna work for free . barney he mean unnecessarily . izzy look , when a feller be young and you give he authority , he like to push ( more ) white 10-23-09 36 . izzy ( cont 'd ) people around . but I have to be extra careful because I know my name be panofsky . and most of the time I be . father - in - law most ? do you ever consider that maybe you career advancement be stunt by you professional conduct and not by imagine prejudice ? izzy I call it like I see it . I wear my name on my badge for everyone to see and all I ever do be walk the beat . but you be the one with the mansion on the hill , so what do I know ? ( to second Mrs. p ) you get brain from he and beauty from she - what a sweet little casserole you be . let 's make a toast . izzy , barney and the second Mrs. p raise they glass . the in- law do not even reach for theirs . izzy ( cont 'd ) to the bless match of we lovebird . you never know what tomorrow bring . so get to shtupping and multiply already . under the table Mrs. p squeeze barney high up he leg . barney flinch , then drink along with izzy and Mrs. P. the in- law set they glass back down without sip . everyone continue eat . izzy ( cont 'd ) this chicken be great . cutlery tinkling ... mother-in-law it 's fish . CUT to : int / ext . car - drive - montreal airport - day ( 1977 ) barney drive boogie from the airport . boogie look like he have not sleep for day . white 10-23-09 37 . barney I be start to think you be not go to show up . it 's be two month since I last hear from you . boogie have it really ? shit , have I get storey for you . barney that , I have no doubt of . boogie listen , man , be you sure you want to go through with this ? we can turn around and be on a flight to Rome in a few hour - no question ask . lunch at dal bolognese on I . barney c'mon , you have not even meet she yet . anyway , I have two ticket in the red to the stanley Cup game tonight . do you think after the dinner I can slip out to catch the third period ? boogie I do not know . bride tend to be a little touchy about thing like that . barney fuck I . int . reception hall - ritz carlton HOTEL - night 300 guest . a huge affair . the band be rip it up through a raucous hora that carry over the follow moment : barney and he mate do the hora the way it should be do . the second mrs . p squealing and barney feel queasy as they be hoisted up and down on chair . int . reception hall - ritz carlton HOTEL - night a army of server burst forth from the kitchen carry entree . plate land at various table . moving down the head table : the bride 's side of the family all prim and proper -- the second Mrs. p talk with she mother -- white 10-23-09 38 . mother-in-law darling , I just have to tell you again how gorgeous you look . and do you see how Marsha be look at you ? second mrs . p do I ever ? poison from she eye she be so jealous . do you remember she dress ? she look like a futon . izzy make eye at a curvaceous woman with a plunging neckline -- Father - in - Law watch izzy with disdain but maintain a polite smile for appearance . his gaze be then draw further down the table by -- boogie , leo and cedric toast he . boogie / leo / cedric mazel tov !! int . reception hall - ritz carlton HOTEL - night the band play a upbeat number for a jam - pack dancefloor barney slip out from the crowd and race to the bar -- cu - a black & white tv hide behind the bar show the hockey game . barney what 's the score ? bartender one - zip . bruin just score . barney shit . barney downs another shot , then look back to the dancefloor where he see izzy slow dance with the second Mrs. p . dancefloor izzy -- I be deny the first time I try to get on the force because I be too goddamn short , then I learn you have to clip a hundred dollar bill to you application . suddenly , I be tall , dark and handsome enough . second mrs . p well , dark and handsome you most certainly be . white 10-23-09 39 . izzy oh boy , do my barney ever luck out with you . second mrs . p oh , izzy . it 's I who 's the lucky one . izzy Sunshine , from where I be stand , trust I , he 's the lucky one . izzy grin and lay he head and she ample bosom . int . reception hall - ritz carlton HOTEL - night boogie emerge from behind the band , wiping he nose from have just do a hit of coke . he join barney , izzy and friend at the bar watch the game . at the bar everyone roar at a near miss . barney / bartender go habs ! come on ! they all do a round of shot . then more shot . and more shot . his father in law watch in disgust . the second Mrs. p lunge onto he from out of nowhere -- second mrs . p barney ! you father be sit with the rabbi ! go to do something quick ! she shove he toward the table . rabbi' table the rabbi and the other guest be visibly horrify by izzy 's anecdote . irv , know izzy , love every minute of it . izzy -- so we be shaking down a rub and tug - I never bust the girl , they provide a valuable service - but we do it for appearance . anyway , we be do we thing and one of the client - some crazy hungarian Nazi load on slivovitz start go ape shit - he come at I with a chair , butt naked with a hard - on like a can of hairspray -- white 10- 23-09 40 . irv iz , maybe you should tone it down a little . izzy what , like they have never hear about such thing ? rabbi Mr. panosfky , there be lady present . izzy c'mon rabbi , everyone know the almighty test the jewish man with two great temptation : shiksas and bacon . barney dad , can I steal you away for a minute ? izzy do not anybody move . I will be right back . as barney escort izzy away , the entire table , except for irv , disperse . int . reception hall - ritz carlton HOTEL - night izzy Nice bunch of folk here tonight . I think they would all be snobby but I be actually have a hell of a time . what be you laugh at ? barney come here . barney give he father a big hug . at this moment he could not love he more . but then ... barney ( cont 'd ) dad , what 's in you pocket ? izzy I almost forget . izzy take barney to a quiet corner izzy ( cont 'd ) you wedding present . from inside he jacket , izzy pull out a gun in hanukkah wrapping paper . white 10-23-09 41 . izzy ( cont 'd ) my first gun . I want you to have it . barney I do not know what to say . izzy say thank you and get we a drink barney thank you . they walk to the bar . slide out they glass for refill . bartender you father - in- law say that neither of you be to have any more to drink barney grab a bottle himself and refill they glass . barney where be that asshole ? izzy barney , do not embarrass I . barney stomp off , push through the crowd . get he father in law in he sight . just as he be about to reach he , something catch he eye that stop he in he track . barney Pov across the room - miriam grant ( 28 ) , gorgeous , classy , strike eye . barney be mesmerize . father in law ( 0.s. ) barney ? can I help you ? barney uh , no , forget it ... barney turn away , but then cut right back -- barney ( cont 'd ) do not ever tell my father what he can or cannot do again . father in law he traumatize the rabbi 's wife -- barney I do not care if he finger she under the table . he 's my father and he will have you respect . white 10- 23-09 42 . Father - in- Law be speechless . and barney set out again for Miriam . int . reception hall - ritz carlton HOTEL - night he emerge from a cluster of guest and spot Miriam . she 's chat with a handsome young man ( jeff ) who excuse himself and go to the bar . barney walk right up to she . barney we have not meet yet . I be barney . miriam I be Miriam . thank you for have I . barney be like a nervous and awkward teenager , not to mention really drunk . miriam ( cont 'd ) be you alright ? barney Fine . perfect . miriam I understand you be in television . barney totally unnecessary production . miriam that 's a little harsh . barney that 's the name of my company . she laugh . that 's something he can never tire of . Miriam notice the unlit cigar he 's hold . miriam you cigar be out . barney oh , that 's okay , I would not want it to bother you . miriam please , it 's a montecristo . she grab a box of match from the table . as she light he cigar and talk it 's as if the whole world around he have disappear . the entire moment incredibly intimate . white 10-23-09 43 . miriam ( cont 'd ) do you know why they be call montecristo 's ? barney not a clue . miriam Fine cigar be all still roll by hand . the worker who perform this task be call " torcedore " , and they all chip in from they own wage to employ ' lector ' - people who read they storey as they work . entertainment to make the day pass better . at the factory which produce this montecristo , the worker favorite story be , you guess it , the Count of say name . barney lector . miriam Nice touch , do not you think ? he 's utterly smitten . over she shoulder he spot the bartender wave to get he attention the score now 1 - 1 . barney yes . miriam what be it ? barney nothing . the hockey game . miriam who 's win ? barney habs just tie it up . you follow hockey ? miriam no , but I do read newspaper . barney be you do anything later ? wwe can still catch the flight to Rome . lunch at dal bolognese on the piazza del popolo . white 10-23-09 44 . miriam the bride may take issue with that . anyway , I have to catch my train back to New York later she nod , and with perfect manners , rise and extend she hand . miriam ( cont 'd ) congratulation again . he stand , take she hand and would never let go if she do not take it back . he stare at she walk away until -- second mrs . p ( 0.s. ) barney ? the second Mrs. p directly behind he . barney yes ! second mrs . p I see you meet Miriam . she 's sucha snob that one , do not you find ? barney yeah - sure - no - why ? second mrs . p she go to mcgill with I , work in radio now . the kind who subscribe to the Economist then busy vogue off the stand . now come explain to Judy and Leon that you do not make pornography . int . reception hall - ritz carlton HOTEL - night later barney downs yet another scotch . his tie loose around he neck , he 's drunk and look miserable . boogie sit beside he , wiping he sniffle , coke - up nose . barney thanks for be here , boogie . boogie I will never miss any of you wedding . they knock glass . boogie ( cont 'd ) oh , I almost forget . boogie rifle through he pocket then hand barney a note . white 10-23-09 45 . boogie ( cont 'd ) classy dame . smart as a whip too . barney who ? boogie point barney across the room to miriam . she have she coat on and be walk out with the handsome Young man . insert - handwritten note " canadien 2 bruin 1 in overtime . congratulation . miriam . " barney ( cont 'd ) boogie , for the first time in my life I be truly , seriously , irretrievably in love . the second Mrs. p appear behind he , drape she arm around he neck . second mrs . p oh barney , so be i. so be i. ext . ritz carlton HOTEL - night barney dart out of the ritz Hotel and jump into a taxi . it 's raining . Cars be honk , people pour out into the street to celebrate they hockey team 's victory . traffic be at a standstill so barney hop back out and decide to go by foot . int . central train station - night barney , soaking wet , sprint down the stair into the station . he see the flashing light indicate the entrance to the new york CITY platform , where a porter be check passenger ticket . think fast on he foot , barney hurtle down the upward roll escalator to sneak onto the platform . int . train - night barney make he way through the train , pass from car to car , look for Miriam ... whom he finally spot . she 's wear she read glass , engross in a novel . barney take a moment just to watch she . just be able to look at she make he feel good . he drop into the seat next to she . she 's stunne . barney I like you with glass . she take they off . shut she book - herzog by saul bellow . white 10-23-09 46 . miriam what be you do here ?! barney run away with I . miriam what ? barney run away with I , or stay with I , or I will go with you -- miriam be you out of you mind ?! barney I be heel over head , bent over backwards in love with you -- conductor ( 0.s. ) leave montreal in two minute ! miriam how can you say you be in love with I ? we just meet - on you wedding night . barney grin from ear to ear , overtaken by a unfamiliar sense of euphoria . miriam ( cont 'd ) this be not funny ! get off this train right now . every word he say - every breath between every word - completely sincere and sober : barney I can not believe this really happen . it really do , just like that . and I do not care if it happen on my wedding night , at a funeral , on my death bed . it 's happen . beat . conductor ( 0.s. ) i.d. , ticket . Miriam hand over she document to the conductor barney I do not have i.d. or a ticket . white 10-23-09 47 . conductor then you will have to get off the train . miriam go home , barney . among other thing , sobriety and regret be anxiously wait up for you . barney finally concede . he stand - the train lurch forward as it begin to pull out . barney you look fantastic in that dress . barney get off the train . int . train platform - night barney run along with the train as it pick up speed . Miriam sit at the window , but will not look at he . but then she eye turn to barney , watch he still chase after she , unconcern with how utterly foolish he appear -- and she smile at he . that smile be enough to melt he heart . he run faster - into a flat - out sprint try to get back on and then -- trip and fall hard onto the concrete platform . int . the second mrs . p's parent mansion - night the door open revealing barney - he 's a mess . ripped pants , bloody knee and palm . father in law we think you be dead . whether that be concern or hope be unclear . barney step inside . the second Mrs. p run out and wrap herself around he . second mrs . p oh my God , be you okay ? we think you be dead !! we call the police , the hospital , I be so ferklempt Dr. stein give I a half a valium - - thud . everyone fall silent . the gun have fall out of barney 's jacket onto the floor . oops . CUT to : white 10-23-09 48 . ext . piazza DI spagna - rome - day on they honeymoon , barney and the second Mrs . p be walk through the shopping district adjacent to the Spanish step . the second Mrs. p try to manage a huge fold - out map of Rome . barney be morose and ill-tempere . barney could you put that away please ? it 's we honeymoon not a travel junket . second mrs . p I be embarrassing you ? barney yes . second mrs . p like with the bidet ? barney you do not have to ask the concierge . I could have tell you what it be for . second mrs . p do you have a Masters degree ? barney no . second mrs . p be I embarrassed ? she stare he down for a moment . second mrs . p ( cont 'd ) snap out of it . we come to Rome to have fun not mourn the death of you first wife . she yank he into a lingerie store . that perk he up slightly . CUT to : int . honeymoon suite - HOTEL - rome - day the second Mrs. p model she acquisition for a bored barney as she talk long distance to she mother . second mrs . p ( into phone ) -- ma , you should see the bathrobe we have get here , and the soap be to ( more ) white 10- 23-09 49 . second mrs . p ( cont 'd ) die for ... of course I will , I have already stuff three bar in my suitcase for you ... dissolve to : int . honeymoon suite - HOTEL - rome - day the second Mrs. p cut the label off she designer clothes while on the phone to she mother . barney lay on the bed read the sport section of the International Herald tribune . second mrs . p ( into phone ) -- it 's from dior . I wear it today and boy do I turn a lot of head . I be go to wear it to temple on the high holiday . arlene will die on the spot ... barney only like go shopping when I be buy lingerie ... what 's wrong with that ? would you prefer he be like cousin cyril ?... ma , they ban cyril from the man 's locker room at the y.m.h.a ... I be just say ... okay , sure , I will talk to you tomorrow . okay , tell daddy I love he , I will talk to you tomorrow . she hang up and start put away the day 's purchase . barney I be just think about the wedding . second mrs . p it be beautiful be not it ? barney lot of relative . second mrs . p well , we do have a big family . barney you certainly do . ( beat ) who be that guy from Chicago ? second mrs . p my cousin Isaac ? barney right . ( more ) white 10-23-09 50 . barney ( cont 'd ) and what about that girl , I think she be from New York , the one in the blue dress ... second mrs . p Miriam grant . barney right . who be she again ? second mrs . p she be a few year behind I at mcgill . I do not even invite she . my cousin Jeff bring she . she get onto the bed beside he . barney Jeff seem gay . second mrs . p Jeff be gay . he just pretend for the family . barney oh good . beat . second mrs . p good ? barney ( cover ) better he should live a lie than inconvenience you family . ( get under bedspread ) I be go to take a quick nap before dinner . second mrs . p nap ? I do not think so . the second Mrs. p slide underneath the cover and start go down -- but then pop back up . second mrs . p ( cont 'd ) do you wash it like I ask ? barney yeah . second mrs . p with soap ? white 10-23-09 51 . barney yes . second mrs . p okay . she dive back under and start in again . it 's like endure a highly invasive procedure . CUT to : ext . montreal STREET - bookstore - day - present day back to present day . hurrying down the street , barney pass a bookstore where a new biography of clara chamber be prominently feature in the window display . the familiar ink draw she make of barney draw as Satan , grace its cover . int . coffee shop - day - continuous kate be already wait in line . barney squeeze through the crowd , accidentally bump the young woman stand behind they without apologize . we will call she organi - girl . barney sorry , I be late . I take a cab . kate that 's okay , I just get here . barney and how be you , my favorite offspring ? kate to tell you the truth - perplex . barney by what ? kate by you . ( to cashier ) two double espressos . ( to barney ) you do something awful , but instead of try to make up for it , you opt for something infinitely worse . barney what be you talk about ? white 10-23-09 52 . kate be you kid ? barney I be really not . organi - girl ( lean in ) my father do the same thing . kate do not it make you crazy ? organi-girl they just do not listen to anything -- barney ( to organi - girl ) hey , flaxseed - this - be not go to happen . no crazy today . ( to kate ) continue . kate dad , before the recent phone incident you get Blair a subscription to " Boy toy " monthly use he work address . before that , you sign he up to a Al - queda website . the man still can not fly out of the country . barney I have upset Claire , have not I ? kate you have upset mom. Blair be too much of a chicken shit to say anything . barney ( kissing she cheek ) you be truly my proudest achievement . they get they coffee and walk to the door . kate my point be , it 's time to lay off Blair . barney he steal she from I . kate no he do not . you get divorced . she get remarry . white 10-23-09 53 . ext . STREET - continuous kate there be no one root for a comeback more than I be , but it 's time to let it go . they be happily marry . I be sorry . barney they be marry . stick to the fact . kate a apology would not hurt either . barney apologize to who ? kate give up . barney ( cont 'd ) why do not you come up to the cottage this weekend ? kate actually , I have a date . barney Nice boy ? kate no , he 's a nasty piece of work . barney funny . kate he 's very nice . we will see . it 's we third date and I be not bored silly or madly in love . I like he . I think that 's a sign of maturity . barney stop walk . look around . confused . kate ( cont 'd ) what ? barney where do I park my car ? kate you take a cab . barney right . ( more ) white 10-23-09 54 . barney ( cont 'd ) ( laugh it off ) well , I definitely need a weekend in the country . int / ext . barney' car - drive - montreal bridge - day barney drive out of the city . the gorgeous montreal skyline behind he . int / ext . barney' car - drive - country road - day barney drive along a country road toward he cottage . ext . deck - cottage - night barney be relax on the deck of he lakeside cottage . a montecristo , macallan 's , read " the life of heinrich heine " a rustling come from the wood . barney look up but it 's pitch black out there . probably a squirrel . something rustle again , this time a little closer . barney stand , lean on the wood railing , try to see through the darkness . wait for something to appear . hope . from a distance , he hear the faint sound of a twin engine airplane approach . the sound carry over to -- flashback to : int . tv soundstage - day - past ( 1978 ) a young solange be act in a scene stage in a obviously fake mock - up of a airplane cockpit set . we now see why she be originally hire ; she 's a total knockout . wearing a tight , low cut outfit , she 's tend to o'malley who have a small cut on he forehead . o'malley thank you , nurse . solange thank you for landing we safely , constable . o'malley hopefully the weather will be more forgive next time I pass through . solange well you can be sure my landing strip will be clear for you . white 10-23-09 55 . director ( 0.s. ) CUT ! great , turn around ! solange immediately burst into tear . the crew go about they business . director ( cont 'd ) ( to barney ) what 's wrong with solange ? barney her fiancee die in a plane crash . director that be over a year ago . look at she , you would think it just -- barney to let you finish that think would be a insult to stupidity . production assistant barney , there 's a call for you . a Miriam grant -- barney bolt from he chair . int . office - soundstage - day barney ( into phone ) Miriam ?! int . new york radio station - office - same time Miriam close the door to a tiny office for privacy . miriam barney , this have to stop . intercut barney you get my flower ? miriam I get the flower , and the gift - every week it 's something else . I do not know where to start with how inappropriate all this be . barney just skip ahead to where I have already go from annoying and inappropriate to charming and endear . white 10-23-09 56 . miriam you be a marry man and I will not be involved with you in any way . barney I know , I be sorry . why do not we talk about it over lunch . I could be there tomorrow -- miriam be you listen to I ? barney every word . miriam really ? well , word matter . action matter . they have consequence . if you want people to take you seriously , then act accordingly . do you understand I , barney ? barney yes . miriam what be I say ? barney ( beat ) " be great in act , as you have in think " . miriam ( surprised ) well , yes , exactly . ( curt ) I have to go . stop this nonsense and focus on you marriage . barney I be so happy you call . thank you . barney smile , feel like progress be be make . ext . barney and the second mrs . p's house - morning a nouveau riche house in a nouveau riche neighborhood . int . barney and the second mrs . p's house - morning the furnishings of they home be excessive and overbearing . there 's no doubting it 's the second Mrs. p who decorate it . white 10-23-09 57 . shopping bag from high end department store stretch along the entire length of the ground floor hallway . with the phone tuck to she ear , the second Mrs . p flutter about , rearranging knick - knack . second mrs . p ( into phone ) -- I have a bowl of cottage cheese and fruit , I be watch my figure ... ma , so do not eat bagel if they make you bloat ... no , you have a wonderful figure for a woman you age .... what do I say wrong ?... well it 's the only voice I have so if you do not like it we can start send each other telegram instead ... she 's flipping through a stack of frame wall hanging lean against a wall , decide on something to hang . she pull out the familiar sketch clara make of barney draw to look like Satan . it make she gag . she carry it into the kitchen -- int . kitchen - continuous where barney be read the sport section with breakfast . second mrs . p ( be : Clara 's drawing ) get rid of this filth ... no , mar , I be not talk to you ... to the king of Macedonia , who do you think ?... listen , I have to go , I still have to vacuum the broadloom downstairs ... I have to fire the may ... why ? because when barney and I would go out he father would sneak over and have sex with she ... I know it 's disgusting ... ma , you ask !... okay , I will pick you up at noon . Goodbye . she hang up . look at Clara 's draw again . second mrs . p ( cont 'd ) if you do not throw this out , I will . barney I will bring it up to the country house . second mrs . p and make sure you buddy do not throw up all over the place . we just change all the carpet . barney continue read - tuning she out completely . white 10-23-09 58 . second mrs . p ( cont 'd ) barney ! barney absolutely . second mrs . p tell I something - you be at the game last night , do you think the score somehow change overnight ? barney ( stand ) I have to get go . second mrs . p barney , this be important ! ! barney what 's important ? second mrs . p this . talk . communicate . this be what marriage be . barney ( annoyed ) you do not want boogie puke all over the carpet and you mother 's bloat . do that pretty much cover it ? second mrs . p do I talk down to you like that ? barney I really have to go . see you ina couple day . a quick peck on the forehead and he 's go . ext . fleabag HOTEL - day barney wait in he car outside a fleabag hotel . boogie emerge from the building , high , stumble toward barney 's car . he look like the full - fledge junkie he have become . his appearance be shocking to barney . boogie guess I do not qualify for the " you look great " greeting . barney just get in . boogie get in the car . in bad shape . white 10-23-09 59 . barney ( cont 'd ) I think you come here to kick . boogie c'mon , I be on a fifteen hour flight I have to fix one more time . ( beat ) I be really go to kick this time . a week lock up in the country and I will be good as new . ext . cottage - day barney pull up to the cottage with boogie pass out in the front seat . the second mrs . p be on the porch , drink wine , look very attractive in a tight fitting summer dress . barney help boogie up the step . second mrs . p I think I would surprise you . barney surprise . int . guest bedroom - cottage - dusk barney drop boogie onto the bed . he 's out cold . int . dine room / kitchen - country house - night dinner be already laid out . a roast , potato , green . second mrs . p why do not you tell I this be why you be come up here ? barney he ask I not to tell anyone , and he need somewhere safe to kick . second mrs . p yeah , it 's call rehab barney go to the bar and fix himself a drink barney do you want one ? second mrs . p just bring the bottle to the table so you do not have to jump up every two minute . white 10-23-09 60 . barney wow , be we ever in for a good time this weekend . second mrs . p you do not know the half of it . look what I find while go through you pocket . she produce a bill from ' grand florist ' barney what about it ? second mrs . p well play , no hesitation . barney you be go to be very embarrassed when that show up . second mrs . p stop . I call the florist . while usually discreet about they client , the ray of sunshine that be you leave the manager eager to tell I you have a stand order of rose to someone in New York every week . barney Jesus Christ . this be ridiculous . you want to pick through every receipt I have ? I be not go to stay here and take this . barney storm out to the deck . ext . deck - country house - continuous she follow he out . second mrs . p be a man , barney . barney stare out at the lake . he will not look she in the eye . barney I have never be unfaithful to you . second mrs . p so who be the flower for ? barney a actress we be try to get for a new pilot . white 10-23-09 61 . second mrs . p what 's she name ? barney can we talk about this in the morning ? second mrs . p no . I do not understand what you want anymore . before we get marry you could not keep you hand off I . now it 's be month since we make love . you say you have never be unfaithful , so what be it then ? ( softer ) on we wedding night I come up behind you and you be say how hopelessly in love you be . it be the happiest moment of my life . I keep go back to that just to have something to hold onto . ( beat ) what happen ? why do you even marry I ? he can not bring himself to answer she . it hurt she like hell , but she 's not go to cry in front of he . second mrs . p_ ( cont 'd ) I be so ashamed . and you be such a liar . fuck you . she go back inside . ext . cottage - dawn the sound of cicada . the calm of the lake . barney 's cottage be a true country paradise . int . kitchen - cottage - morning wiping the sleep from she eye , the second Mrs . p shuffles into the kitchen and find a note on the fridge : " have to go into town for the day . call you later - barney " . second mrs . p shmuck . ext . grumpy - day barney park in front of grumpy 's and head inside . int . grumpy bar - day two scotch on the table . izzy read the paper as he wait for barney in a booth . barney drop down across from he . white 10-23-09 62 . beat . barney I have to get a divorce . izzy Jesus Christ . ( beat ) do you cheat ? barney no . izzy do she ? barney no . izzy so what happen ? barney I be in love with someone else . izzy who ? barney you do not know she . izzy where would you meet she ? barney you do not want to know . izzy you ask I here to talk and now you do not want to talk . what do you want from I ? barney some paternal wisdom . izzy boychick , listen . I know how hard marriage can be . in the beginning it 's all brisket and blowjob and la-di- da , be not life grand , and then real life start . you come home from work and all they want to do be talk and all you want to do be screw and soon enough every ( more ) white 10-23-09 63 . beat . izzy ( cont 'd ) day be like push a avocado through a cheese grater - it all just feel like you be hold shit in you hand . barney what be you talk about ? izzy maybe you just need to take a step back before you do anything rash . let 's take a good , hard look at the situation . you be marry to a well - breed woman who 's load , make a nice , flaky kugel and have a great rack . many successful marriage be build on far less . barney can we drop this ? just forget I ever say anything . izzy she 's a tough cookie . if you divorce she , she 's gonna take you to the cleaner . barney you know how rich she father be . she 's go to inherit a shitload of money . izzy and you think that will stop she from take all of yours ? barney I do not care . izzy be that so ? barney yeah . izzy register the depth of barney 's true feeling . izzy so tell I she name . barney Miriam . white 10-23-09 64 . izzy and be this the one ? be she the mother of you child ? barney absolutely . izzy alright then , let 's do this . int . barney' house - night barney lay on the sofa watch tv. scotch . cigar barney ( into phone ) I will be back tomorrow . I be too drunk to drive tonight . second mrs . p ( 0.s. ) you be leave I with the junkie ?! be you with you whore ? barney no . second mrs . p ( 0.s. ) so you do have a whore ! you sonofabitch , my father be right about you -- barney hold the phone away from he ear as she drone on . he consider respond , but then just hang up . int / ext . barney' car - drive - country road - morning still hungover , chugge coffee , barney drive up to the cottage . the radio news tell we it 's 8:25 am . int . cottage - morning barney enter the house . walk down the hall . hear noise come from the guest bedroom . he open the door to find ... int . guest bedroom - cottage - continuous the second Mrs. p , naked , moan , and riding boogie in the midst of hot , hard sex until she see barney : second mrs . p aaaaaaa ! ! ! the second Mrs. p roll off boogie and fall onto the floor with a cringe worthy thud . white 10-23-09 65 . kick and scream , she scramble to cover herself with the bedding , spilling a open bottle of Whisky in the process . barney be freeze with shock second mrs . p_ ( cont 'd ) get out ! barney back out of the room ... int . hall - cottage - continuous it take a moment for the situation to sink in . once it do , he smile . thing be look up for he . int . hall - cottage - moment later in only she nightie , the second Mrs . p storm out of the guest room past barney . second mrs . p this be all you fault , you bastard , sonofabitch - - barney my fault ?! barney follow she into -- int . bedroom - cottage - continuous in tear , she throw on whatever clothes she can find . barney my wife and my best friend ... second mrs . p I bring he something to eat , he be tremble , he sheet be soak , I only laid down beside he to try to keep he warm ... I still do not know how he get my nightie off . barney it must have be magic , then . second mrs . p we should not talk about this now while I be so upset . barney you be so upset ?! she hustle out and down the hall . he follow . white 10-23-09 66 . int . hall - cottage - continuous second mrs . p I be go to my mother 's . barney tell she we be get divorced ! she exit . ext . cottage - continuous she go toward she car . barney right behind she second mrs . p you tell she yourself ! no , do not - she have a root canal today . she get in she car , start the engine , roll down the window . barney I be come back to try to work thing out . second mrs . p bullshit . I bet the two of you pervert arrange this together barney ha ! I be go to kill he for this then I will come for you , and just for kick , you mother after that ! second mrs . p go to hell ! Animal ! she drive away , kick up a cloud of dust in she wake . int . den - cottage - morning barney walk in to find boogie chugge right from a bottle of scotch . he 's already very drunk . barney I should kill you for this . boogie what you should have do be call first . boogie pour barney a glass , who reticently take it . barney how could you do that to I ? white 10-23-09 67 . boogie she do it to I . it be innocent enough to start with - she bring I something to eat , start talk - you know how that go - tell I how you have be shirking you husbandly duty , que sera sera ... barney so you fuck she ? boogie it be the only thing that would shut she up . boogie shake the empty scotch bottle at barney . barney check the dining room . I be go to need you to do something for I . testify that I come home to you in bed with my wife . boogie you sly bastard - you plan this all along . barney who could plan this ? boogie ( 0.s. ) I do not see any scotch , but look here ... boogie come back up with a open wood BOX contain the gun from izzy . he take it out , wave it around . boogie ( cont 'd ) what do you say ? duel at high noon ? but I do not think we have enough booze to get we there . barney grab the gun away from boogie . barney that 's load , shmuck . there 's more scotch in the kitchen . int . den - cottage - later Ice be drop into two tumbler . more scotch pour . they have go through half the bottle and be visibly drunk boogie peruse barney 's book collection . he pick up Clara 's sketch that 's lean against the wall . white 10-23-09 68 . boogie do you hear they name a new auditorium at barnard after she ? crazy Clara Chambers - she be not too bad a poet , actually . I bet this be worth a pretty penny now . hey , who get the residual from she book ? barney I sign the rights over to charity right after she die . listen , will you testify or not ? boogie I will think about it . barney you know what ? it 's time you come through for I for once . boogie really ? barney how many time have I bail you out over the year ? boogie I be not count . barney neither be i. boogie you sure about that ? barney when I have nothing , I borrow for you . you owe I . boogie well be not this get interesting . but I would like to go for a swim and think it over . you must have a snorkel and flipper here . boogie grab the bottle of scotch and head to the sunroom . barney follow he out , the gun still in he sweater pocket . ext . sunroom - cottage - continuous boogie rifle through a trunk and finally come up with a snorkel , mask and flipper . white 10-23-09 69 . barney how 's you novel come along ? boogie be you ask as a friend or a investor ? barney both . boogie I be still work on it . barney you be a fraud . boogie oh , have I let poor barney down ? barney yeah , you have . boogie too fuck bad . you know what , man ? I bring you in . I educate you . I put the right book in you hand , and look what you have become . a tv hustler , marry to a rich man 's vulgar daughter . barney not so vulgar that you would not bang she . boogie and she be not the only wife of yours I have . next time I be in New York I will call on you tart and make it a trifecta . boogie push through the screen door ext . cottage - continuous boogie stagger toward the dock , drunk and barely able to walk a straight line . barney fuck you . barney charge boogie . they start to wrestle but be too drunk to really take it anywhere serious . they break apart wind and woozy . barney ( cont 'd ) what happen to you ? white 10-23-09 70 . boogie nothing . absolutely nothing happen to I ; and that 's what you take as a personal offense . I be not you pet project . not you vicarious life . not you hope . barney not my friend ? boogie do not even think to answer . he just swig from the bottle again . barney ( cont 'd ) do you realize you have not come close to give I a apology ? boogie let I recommend another book to stock you shelf with ; " the life of heinrich heine " , who upon he death bed be begge by he love one to ask for God 's forgiveness before he pass . but good old heinrich have only this to say : " God will surely forgive I - after all , that 's he fuck job " . barney do not count on it . boogie I be go for a swim . boogie slip on the flipper , waddle onto the dock barney boogie , stop ! you be too drunk and you can barely swim anyway . I will shoot , you prick , I will ! barney fire a warning shot straight up into the air . boogie there you go ! but this time shoot it at I you fuck coward ! see for yourself what 's really inside this mossy , dampen cavity you think be a heart . c'mon , do it ! barney stare he down . a silent rage boil inside . boogie grin , snap on the goggle and the snorkel , spread he arm wide , tilt he head back ... white 10-23-09 71 . barney do not you fuck move . barney drunkenly stagger forward , point the gun at boogie -- and this all happens in hazy flash : barney trip -- the gun fire -- boogie let himself fall backward into the lake . it appear the gun fire into the air , but he could have easily fire in boogie 's direction . we can not be sure . barney turn and head back up into the house . we do not see boogie resurface . int . den - cottage - moment later barney stumble in . barney hit the bottle hard - one shot after another . int . den - cottage - day later the bottle now empty . barney 's pass out on the sofa . int . den - cottage - dusk even later barney on the floor , wake by the the rumbling of a twin engine airplane , start from a distance and approach fast . ext . deck - cottage - dusk he stumble out to the porch , still half drunk . the plane fly over a distant hillside . barney ( call out ) boogie ? dissolve to : ext . dock - cottage - morning uniformed policemen and search dog scour the property around barney 's house . diver break the surface of the lake 's water a police boat out there too . barney watch all this from the dock . o'hearne ( 0.s . ) busy day . there 's a big fire a few mile east . white 10-23-09 72 . detective sean o'hearne , young , slimmer , healthier than we know he to be , step up along side barney . o'hearne ( cont 'd ) twenty cottage burn so far barney they be waste they time out there . I tell they I look all over the lake in my boat . he 's break into a cottage , emptied it of all the booze and pill he could find and move on . o' hearne but he leave he clothes and wallet here ? barney he take someone else 's clothes . o' hearne no break - in have be report . get something to drink ? int . kitchen - cottage - morning barney open the refrigerator and pass o'hearne a cold beer o'hearne saunter through the house , sip the beer he stop at the framed sketch by clara lean against the wall . o' hearne that 's kind of sick . barney my first wife make that . o' hearne ( take out notepad ) oh yeah ? what 's she name ? barney she 's dead . o' hearne do you catch she fuck someone too ? barney she kill herself . o' hearne beat you to it , I guess . white 10-23-09 73 . barney what the fuck do that mean ? I call you guy . o' hearne yeah , you do . so why do not you mention this gun ? o'hearne pull out barney 's gun , in a plastic evidence bag . barney my dad be a retire cop . he give it to I for protection . o' hearne ( dawn ) be you fuckin' izzy panofsky 's kid ? barney yes. o' hearne no shit . so why be there two round miss ? barney boogie and I be horsing around . o' hearne by shoot off round ? barney we be drunk . o' hearne this be after you catch he fuck you wife ? barney it be not like that . o' hearne you shot off the round before you walk in on they screwing ? barney no . o' hearne after . barney yes . white 10-23-09 74 . o' hearne so you do shoot he . barney yeah , right through he fuck heart , Jesus Christ -- o' hearne ( take note ) now we be get somewhere . barney be you a complete idiot ? why be you waste you time here ? go find he ! have you think that he might be hurt somewhere ? o' hearne and what about this piece of ass you be keep in New York - the florist give we she name - Miriam grant ... barney grab o'hearne -- barney you keep she out of this -- o'hearne drive a knee into he groin , then lay one into barney 's face , send he to the floor o' hearne two bullet shot from you gun just after you catch you best friend bang you wife . you threaten to kill they both , and now he 's miss . unless you eat he , we will find the body before sundown . so tell I where the body be and I will say you be cooperative and remorseful , you will get yourself a smart Jew lawyer and be out in no time . no one care about a useless junkie anyway . barney lift himself to one knee . barney go to hell . o'hearne kick he in the gut once , then again , when ... izzy grab o'hearne from behind and throw he off barney . o' hearne what be you doin ' here , panofsky ? white 10-23-09 75 . izzy I get a call from my son . o' hearne very sweet , but he attack a officer of the law . izzy from where I be stand this look like police brutality . o' hearne like you be one to talk . izzy you leave you hand off he . o' hearne he 's goin ' down for murder . izzy really ? it seem that razor - sharp detective skill of yours miss one tiny detail ; you do not have a body . now you get anything else to say , talk to he lawyer . o'hearne exit . izzy kneel to look at barney 's face . izzy ( cont 'd ) so , do you do it ? barney dad ! of course not . izzy alright , alright . let I get you some ice . CUT to : int . tv soundstage - day tv_screen in the GREEN room o'hearne be on tv respond to a crowd of reporter out in the township . o' hearne -- for the moment no charge be be laid . we have searched the area for three week . ( more ) white 10-23-09 76 . o'hearne ( cont 'd ) no body have be find yet , so this will remain a miss person case even with the overwhelming circumstantial evidence implicate Mr. panofsky . we hand be tie . pull out from the tv and follow the receptionist , carry a yellow envelope onto the soundstage . barney be half - asleep as the crew set up for the next shot . receptionist barney , the papers you be wait for just arrive -- barney bolt upright , grab the envelope , tear it open and pull out he divorce papers . he rush to the nearest phone , dial , and sign the mark page . barney Miriam grant please . CUT to : int . office - radio station - new york - day Miriam sit at she desk . the phone ring . miriam hello ? intercut barney Miriam , I be divorced . miriam barney - - barney I be go to be in New York tomorrow . how about dinner ? miriam no . barney lunch ? miriam no . barney please , Miriam . white 10-23-09 77 . beat . miriam be the ink even dry yet ? barney let I check . Miriam chuckle . barney ( cont 'd ) it 's only lunch . just once . if you decide you do not ever want to see I again , well , that 's it . miriam honestly ? barney I swear . Long beat . wait ... wait ... hard CUT to : ext . new york CITY - morning Flying over Manhattan . a sunny morning in the big apple . ext . HOTEL - new york CITY - morning barney pull up to the hotel in a cab and enter . int . barney' HOTEL suite - new york - morning two pair of shoe , three suit , four tie laid on the bed . the clock read : 10:03 am . barney be sit at the desk in he hotel suite , scribbling on hotel stationary : " conversation topic : all the President 's Men , herzog , alphonse daudet ... " barney drop he pen . this be idiotic . he start pace . then dial the concierge . barney ( into phone ) I would like a bottle of dom perignon well chill , and a dozen long stem rose bring to my room at exactly two o'clock .... make that two bottle and two dozen rose .... great . cu - he unlocks the mini bar . grab two Mini scotch . pour they over ice . white 10-23-09 78 . he do the same again - and again - and again . int . HOTEL restaurant - day the swanky hotel restaurant be fill with the lunch crowd . barney 's seat at a table . he 's dress to the nine 's but sweaty , clammy , drunk . he rattles the ice in he empty tumbler at a pass waiter . int . bathroom - HOTEL restaurant - day barney splashes he face with water , pat himself dry . look at himself in the mirror . take a deep breath . int . HOTEL restaurant - day from the bathroom , he walk a short corridor back into the restaurant . just as he turn the corner he cut back and hide , press himself against the wall and spying on -- miriam be lead to they table . she 's a heart stop vision . even more gorgeous than the first time he laid eye on she int . HOTEL restaurant - table - day at there table barney drop into he seat across from Miriam , startling she barney hi . miriam hi. barney do not look so good . sweaty , pale , nervous as hell . barney I be so happy you make it . miriam yes , well -- barney have you eat ? be it hot in here ? miriam no , and no . barney great . Champagne ? ( more ) white 10-23-09 79 . barney ( cont 'd ) this be a occasion , we should have champagne , do not you think ? ( grab waiter ) a bottle of dom perignon . ( to Miriam ) do you want to order now ? miriam I have not look at the menu yet . barney of course , take you time . ( to waiter ) just the Champagne . and some beluga . the iranian stuff , the Russian be too salty ... ( to Miriam ) it be hot in here ... barney open he collar . perspiration form on he brow . miriam be you okay ? barney I be great . there 's so much I want to talk about ... oh , I know - have you read , uh , what 's it call ... give I a second -- miriam barney , hold on . I want to be clear on something . I hope you do not get divorced on my account . barney of course I do . miriam you hardly know I . the waiter arrive with the Champagne . barney wonderful , now we can celebrate . miriam celebrate what ? the room begin to tilt and sway . barney 's panic , desperately try to hold it together . white 10-23-09 80 . barney ( slurring word ) now that I be no longer a marry man we can ... we be finally here together ... you , I ... miriam barney , be you alright ? barney Excuse I . he bolt toward the men' room . int . barney' HOTEL suite - day barney be throw up into the toilet of he suite . Miriam pull the bathroom door shut . then , there 's a knocking at the front door . voice ( 0.s. ) room service . CUT to : int . barney' HOTEL suite - day later Miriam be sit in a easy chair , she leg cross , read the New York Times . barney stir awake . she move to sit at the edge of the bed . miriam how be you feel ? barney you be never go to speak to I again I be go to kill myself . beat . miriam be you do ? barney please do not leave . she reach for he page of handwritten crib note title " conversation topic " . white 10-23-09 81 . miriam what would you like to talk about - all the President 's Men , herzog or alphonse daudet - nice reference , by the way . barney I be a idiot . miriam do not be so modest . you obviously expect I to come up to you room . barney never . miriam so the champagne and rose be for another woman ? barney lift he throbbing head to see for himself . sure enough there 's two bottle of champagne and two dozen rose . barney oh God ... he cover he face and begin to moan . Miriam find it all utterly amusing . she pries he hand from he face . miriam why do not you get clean up , we will get some fresh air , and maybe a slice of pizza . I be absolutely starve . off barney 's delight -- ext . STREET - central park - dusk they stroll along the park . barney ramble on , desperately try to keep Miriam engage . he hardly even breathes between word . barney -- " the Big Apple " be actually a old racetrack term , credit to John fitzgerald - a sport writer for the herald in the 30' . he would hear old stable hand from Mississippi use it when refer to the New York racetrack . get to race in New York be consider hit the big time - get a bite of that " Big Apple " and I be just go to keep talk because I be afraid if I stop ( more ) white 10-23-09 82. barney ( cont 'd ) there 's go to be pause , or a break where you will say " it 's get late " or , " I should probably get go " and I be not ready for that to happen , I do not want it to happen . ever . and then he finally just run out of steam . they stop walk and face each other for what seem like a eternity to he . miriam there it be . the pause . barney yeah . beat . miriam I be still here . ext . east river - night they walk along the East River . they body language now more intimate . miriam -- I adore my father . he be my hero . until I find out he be sleep with every factory girl he could get on the side . ( beat ) it kill my mother . that 's what give she cancer . barney that 's a bit unfair . miriam no , it 's not . it devastate every part of she . mind and body . heart and soul . and that will never happen to I . barney I would never do that to you . miriam I want one thing from you . barney anything . white 10-23-09 83 . miriam see , that 's what scare I about you . do not answer ' anything 's . that 's not real , and life be real . it 's make up of little thing - minute and hour and errand and nap and routine , and that have to be enough . after all you have do to pursue I , how can I ever trust you ? barney that 's a reasonable question . barney think hard . he know he need to come up with something good . then he rifle through he pocket and pull out a cigar clipper . he snap it shut for effect . barney ( cont 'd ) I will cut it off . right away . miriam now you be offer to be my eunuch ? barney like I say , I will do anything for you , Miriam . miriam well , you be not go to do that . we be go to be need it . she kiss he . together they fall into a embrace neither will ever forget . dissolve to : ext . cottage - day ( 1979 ) barney and Miriam have a outdoor wedding ceremony at he cottage . only close friend and family be in attendance , include solange and Jeff ( from the wedding ) and he boyfriend . notary -- and do you take this man to be you lawfully wedd husband ? miriam I do . notary and do you -- barney I sure as hell do . white 10- 23-09 84 . barney can not wait another second . he kiss she izzy mazel tov !!! izzy , tear already stream down he face , grab Miriam and give she a hard kiss on the lip . everyone cheer ! ext . dock - cottage - night the party be wind down . guest be still up at the house , on the porch , drink , slow dance . it 's a beautiful night . barney be out on the dock alone , stare at the lake when Miriam join he . she wrap she arm around he from behind . barney he promise he would never miss any of my wedding . Miriam kiss he tenderly then take he by the hand and lead he back up to the house . CUT to : ext . barney and miriam apartment - day ( 1982 ) barney and Miriam 's apartment . ( where barney still life ) . int . barney and miriam apartment - kitchen - day barney be chopping a onion as he prepare lunch . his eye fill with tear . Miriam walk in carry michael , who be only a few month old . miriam oh , barney , put it in the freezer . barney what ? miriam put the onion in the freezer for a few minute before you chop it . then it will not make you cry . barney how do I not know that ? miriam I think he 's ready for he nap . barney really ? white 10-23-09 85 . int . baby room - day they watch Michael fast asleep in he crib . then look at each other with mischievous grin -- int . bedroom - day barney appear in the doorway in he boxer . Miriam be already naked and wait with she best " come hither " look he run and leap onto the bed . they laugh hysterically as they roll around and start to make love . time dissolve to : a series of still image move US forward in time : CUT to : ext . cottage - dusk ( 1994 ) a perfect day . barney and izzy sit on the deck , they foot up , drink scotch , smoking cigar . Michael ( 12 ) and kate ( 9 ) play frisbee by the lake with Miriam . the sun be set . the sky a perfect orange hue . barney look out at the stun landscape , he child and he gorgeous wife . he close he eye , take a deep breath , hold onto this moment of perfection . he open he eye . izzy 's watch he . barney expect a typical izzy-ism . barney what ? izzy you do good , kid . izzy puff away on he cigar , leave it at that . dissolve to : ext . cottage - lake - day ( 1995 ) barney and Michael ( 13 ) be fishing in a small outboard motor boat in the middle of the lake . Michael be bored silly as any young boy would be . barney anything ? white 10-23-09 86 . michael no. beat . barney a nibble ? michael no , dad . barney burger ? michael yes . barney tell you mother we throw they all back . barney lay down they rod and pull on the ripcord . the engine will not turn . he try again , and again , work up a big sweat . he take a breather . Michael stare blankly at he . barney ( cont 'd ) do not worry . I will get it . again - harder , angrier . blair ( 0.s. ) need any help ? paddling toward they in a canoe - blair ( 52 ) . Tree hugger . birkenstock . soft. harmless . barney ( yanking on rope ) no - thanks - it - just need a little -- he tear the rope right out of the motor . blair just toss I you anchor rope and I will tow you in . int . cottage - kitchen - moment later Miriam hand Blair a glass of iced tea . blair I be rent a cottage here . I just move from New York . white 10-23-09 87 . barney what do you do , Blair ? blair I work in radio . miriam I use to work in radio in New York . blair really ? where ? miriam at wzaj . it 's a little jazz station . blair sure I know it . Ronald Lewis be a old friend of mine . miriam you be kid ? he give I my first job . blair be not that coincidence . the universe work in strange and mysterious way . barney I be go to throw some burger on the bar-b-que . want to join we ? blair I be a vegan , but thank you . barney a what ? be that treatable ? miriam I could make a salad . blair I do not want to impose , and I should paddle back before it get dark . it be lovely to meet the both of you . they all say goodbye and Blair exit . barney ( call out ) Michael , want to do the bar-b-que ? michael ( 0.s. ) yeah . white 10-23-09 88 . barney Fire it up . ext . cottage - deck - moment later the bar - b- que be light . Miriam carry hamburger patty out to the boy when they all hear -- rrrrr - the sound of a outboard motor . they all look down to the lake where they see Blair stand on the dock . blair ( yell ) it be just a loose distributor wire . and I re-attach the rip cord . Blair wave , then hop in he canoe . miriam that be nice of he . barney grunt and wave half heartedly . CUT to : int . barney and miriam apartment - kitchen - night - present day back to present day . Miriam 's radio show play on the radio . miriam ( v.o. ) -- and we be go to end we program with a request from we regular listener , alphonse from montreal : Leonard Cohen 's " dance I to the end of Love " . I be Miriam grant . as always , thank you for listen . cu - barney crying as he chop a onion while cooking dinner . the phone ring . he answer , press he sleeve to he eye to halt the sting . barney hello ?... Michael , hi ... I land at five ... I will just grab a cab to you place ... okay , love you . he hang up . the song continue over -- white 10- 23-09 89 . int . taxi - new york CITY - day barney riding in a yellow cab with a bag from schwartz be on the seat beside he . he see a young couple kissing in the same spot where he and Miriam first kiss . CUT to : int . michael be loft - brooklyn - night barney and Michael watch a hockey game together . barney be yell at the tv , halfway through a bottle of scotch and smoking a cigar . the table litter with remnant of a meal from schwartz 's smoke meat . barney ( yell at tv ) useless goddamn pansy ref , get you head out of you ass !! caroline enter - business suit , briefcase . a belligerent barney couple the disorderly mess of the apartment be the last thing she want to end she day with . Michael greet she at the door . caroline I think you be go out for dinner . michael ( apologetic ) ) dad bring in smoke meat from montreal . caroline ( to Michael ) do not we agree to no cigar in the house ? barney look to Michael for backup , but be meet with silence . he grudgingly tap out the cigar . barney be I still allow to use the bathroom or would you prefer I leave my business in paper bag by the door ? recyclable one , of course . caroline turn that down please , I have to get up early . she head off to the bedroom . Michael scowl at barney . white 10-23-09 90 . barney what ? the woman hate I . michael maybe she would not hate you if you do not behave like a child . barney Chicken and the egg . michael no , dad , it 's not . you can not keep act this way . not with we , or Mom and Blair . barney so you be speak for you mother now ? michael just leave they alone already . she 's not come back to you . barney if that 's what you be so angry about , then fine . tell you mother from this moment on she be forget . erase . nothing but a wisp of gray on the otherwise full , dark mane of my life . michael I be sure she will appreciate the sentiment if not the poetry . good-night . Michael start to walk out -- barney Michael ... michael what ? barney what have you tell she about I ? michael I tell she everything . that 's what couple do . barney spare I the sermon . I see the way she look at I . michael what be you talk about ? white 10-23-09 91 . barney I see o'hearne 's book on she night table . she can not even be bother to hide it from I . how could you let she read that ? she even have all this page dog -ear in it ... ( beat ) when she ask about boogie , what do you tell she ? Michael do not answer barney ready himself for one of the hardest thing he 's ever have to ask . barney ( cont 'd ) do you think I could have possibly do that ? beat . michael only you really know . Michael exit . that devastate barney . he simply deflate . from outside , a car alarm have begin to whine . its incessant squeal turn into -- flashback to : int . barney and miriam apartment - kitchen - night - past ( 2000 ) a kettle whistling . barney pour two cup of tea . then smell a jar of honey , not sure if it 's still good . int . den - continuous barney carry the tea and honey on a tray . Miriam be on the sofa watch a news magazine program . miriam ( be : on tv ) that 's Taylor Gates . barney ( be : honey ) tell I if this be still good . white 10-23-09 92 . miriam she be my intern before we get marry . she could barely string two word together . Miriam drip the honey into she tea without smell it . she pass it to barney who be still not convinced it 's edible . miriam ( cont 'd ) honey do not go bad . barney ever ? miriam archeologist find honey in egyptian tomb thousand of year old and it be still edible . barney shrug , use the honey . Miriam curl herself into the corner of the sofa , feel depressed . miriam ( cont 'd ) everyone seem to be do pretty interesting thing nowadays . barney give birth and raise two amazing child be pretty interesting . miriam but it do not command much respect now do it ? barney Miriam - - miriam it do not matter . Miriam grab a magazine from the coffee table , shutting down the conversation . ext . barney and miriam apartment build - morning Autumn . Michael ( now 18 ) and a few buddy have load the last of he thing into a small u- haul . it 's off to college . miriam ( cry ) my baby . michael Mom , I be not go to war . I will be back for thanksgive . white 10-23-09 93 . she kiss Michael one last time . miriam okay , I be go inside . michael ( to barney ) any last word of wisdom ? barney you need money , ask I . do not start sell dope . michael no sell dope . get it . anything else ? barney take he in he arm . barney I love you . michael I love you too , dad . a quick goodbye to kate ( 16 ) . kate take care of yourself . Michael jump into the truck , start to pull out . barney pull over if you get tired ! ext . ritz carlton HOTEL garden - day barney and Miriam have lunch out in the lush , beautiful garden of the ritz . Miriam stare absently at she plate . her mind elsewhere . she set down she cutlery . her food only half eat . barney he have to move out eventually . miriam I know . that 's not it . ( beat ) I want to go back to work . I have be think about this for a while . Blair say he can get I freelance work . it 's just research and write for now but it could lead to other thing . maybe even on air . white 10-23-09 94 . barney and I be sure Blair will do everything he can for you . miriam stop that . barney ( beat ) be you unhappy ? miriam no . not in the way you be try to get at . barney then in which way ? jean the maitre 'd come over . jean how be everything ? miriam excellent , as always . jean May I get you anything else ? barney we be fine . thank you , Jean . Jean leave . barney sulk , polish off he wine . miriam I know how you would take this . barney it 's just that I have work this hard so you would not ever have to . so you could be here with the kid and I . we both agree that be important . miriam it be important . but Michael 's go , soon kate will be too , and you be as grow up as you will ever be . where do that leave I ? I need more stimulation in my life . I have to believe I can be something other than just a wife and mother . barney I will quit work . ( more ) white 10-23-09 95 . barney ( cont 'd ) we will retire early , travel , go to Italy , get a villa on Lake como . miriam you can not just fix this like you do everything else . I do not want you to . ( beat ) I need to do this . can you try and understand ? barney of course . whatever you want to do , I be behind it . a hundred percent . he fake through the deep panic he 's feel inside . int . cbc radio station - booth - night Miriam interview a distinguished look man on the air miriam ... well , Mr. dalhousie , that 's all the time we have . thank you so much for come in . guest it be be a pleasure . thank you . the on AIR light turn off . Miriam let out a big sigh of relief . the staff on the other side of the glass applaud . int . cbc radio station - hallway - moment later Miriam walk down the Hall with blair . miriam I hope that be not too painful . blair be you kid ? it be fantastic . miriam stop it , Blair . blair really , Miriam , you be a natural . miriam thank you . would you excuse I , I be go to call barney . blair of course . white 10-23-09 96 . int . barney and miriam apartment - night the phone ring through a empty house . int . grumpy bar - night barney be sit at the bar , watch the hockey game . the bar erupt at a bad penalty call . barney what the hell kind of call be that ??!! insert - barney' cell phone - on the bar , ringing . he do not hear it . int . hallway - cbc radio station - night Miriam hang up . upset that barney do not answer int . barney and miriam apartment - later that night barney tiptoe into the dark , quiet apartment . he 's drunk and try very hard to be quiet . int . barney and miriam apartment - bedroom - continuous Miriam be already asleep . barney be about to crawl into bed -- miriam where have you be ? Miriam turn on the bedside lamp . barney I be at grumpy 's watch the game . miriam do you hear my interview ? barney I be sorry , I just lose track of -- miriam this be important to I . you know that right ? barney ( beat ) yes . miriam but you miss my first on air interview because you be drunk and watch a hockey game , like you have do a thousand time before . white 10-23-09 97 . barney ( beat ) yes. miriam okay . I want to be sure we be clear on what happen here tonight . Miriam flip back over and turn the lamp off . barney should I sleep on the sofa ? she turn the lamp back on . miriam stop feel sorry for yourself . you be not sleep on the sofa , we do not sleep apart . good night . she turn the light off . ext . cemetery - day barney have accompany izzy to he mother 's grave . izzy you get yourself a plot yet ? barney no. izzy you should get one . the good one go fast . izzy place a rock on the double headstone : esther panofsky - 1925 - 1972 , wife to izzy , mother to barney . engrave beside hers be izzy 's name : israel panofsky barney you okay ? izzy sure . but he 's not very convincing . barney I be think , why do not you move in with we ? now that the kid be go we have more than enough space . white 10-23-09 98 . izzy thanks , but no thanks . barney I do not like the think of you be alone . izzy I be not alone . see that ? that 's alone . izzy point to a single grave beside theirs . izzy ( cont 'd ) buried alone . no wife . no kid . that 's alone . I be go to be right here with you mother . when you get to my age you will see what a comfort that be . barney I know it must be hard without she izzy I be use to be without she . I need to get laid . barney ( walk away ) Jesus Christ ... izzy what ? how long have you ever have to hold out , Mr. three wife ! int . barney and miriam apartment - dine room - night a group of Miriam 's friend include blair , be over for dinner . Blair hold court while barney brood over he scotch bored and annoyed with Blair 's politically correct discourse . blair -- I think it 's fair to say that in 50 year we will look back on this time and we inhumane treatment of animal for the sake of mass consumption , as a shameful and barbaric chapter in we history , much like how we perceive segregation or mccarthyism - - barney can not stand another second of this . he get up and bring a cigar back to the table . miriam barney , please do not smoke that . you know it irritate Blair 's asthma . white 10- 23-09 99 . without a moment 's pause , barney head out to the de . ext . barney and miriam apartment - den - continuous barney light he cigar with great pleasure . the dinner guest continue with they conversation . int . barney and miriam apartment - bedroom - night barney crawl into bed with a moan . Miriam 's read . barney stare at the ceiling , exhaust . Long silence . Miriam set down she book . miriam if you can not at least be civil with my friend then do not bother join we . barney I think I be perfectly civil . miriam you fall asleep at the table . beat . miriam ( cont 'd ) I forget to ask , how be the cemetery ? barney good time . the phone ring . barney groan . reaches for the phone . ext . massage parlor - night a non-descript building with a red neon sign : massage . barney park right in front , then enter . int . massage parlor - reception - night push in through a bead curtain and into the wait room of a old school " rub and tug " massage parlor . the Madame , goldie ( 45 ) be consol a work girl , who be sobbing . goldie look up at camera -- goldie barney ...? barney nod . she take he hand . barney 's eye search . he 's at a loss . she take he by the arm and lead he down the hall . white 10-23-09 100 . goldie ( cont 'd ) after they finish , the girl leave the room to get a hot towel . when she go back in ... at least he go happy . she stop in front of room # 4 . goldie ( cont 'd ) he talk about you all the time . you make he so proud . she open a door and let barney go in -- int . massage room - continuous barney enter , take in the room . goldie shut the door leave he alone . the lighting dim . the wall bare . a shelf with a bottle of baby oil , a box of kleenex . izzy 's body lay on the table , cover in a white sheet . a peaceful , half - grin on he face . barney sit on a small chair beside the body . he lift the edge of the sheet and take he father 's hand in he . he start to laugh at the situation , patting he father 's hand . then he squeeze it tighter , hold it with both he hand press it to he forehead , and start to cry . int . massage parlor - reception - later barney exit the room . he sit beside goldie in the reception . they share a quiet moment . goldie he do not get a chance to settle up . beat . barney reach into he pocket , hand she a couple hundred from he wallet . CUT to : int . barney and miriam apartment - den - night - present barney grab a ice cube from the freezer for he scotch . before shutting the door he pull out a onion - stare at it quizzically - then put it back . barney you sure you do not want anything ? kate ( 0.s. ) no , thanks . white 10-23-09 101 . barney go into the den and refill he scotch before sit down to continue he scrabble game with kate . kate ( cont 'd ) it 's you turn . barney what do you do ? kate right there . barney stare at the board . confused . kate ( cont 'd ) dad ....? barney sorry . he set down he piece . kate what word be that ? insert - scrabble board . his piece spell : " attny " barney Attorney . kate you be miss half the letter . barney it 's the abbreviation . kate when you get that lazy with cheating , I know you be tired . she get up and start to clean up . barney leave that , I will do it . kate no , dad . let I . barney can tell that she need to keep herself busy . he take she arm to stop she and pull she down to sit . barney do you want to talk about it ? white 10-23-09 102 . kate I will be fine . I be just happy it only take eight month to realize he be a jerk . he pull she into a comforting embrace . that 's all it take for she to start cry in he arm . barney it will be okay . I promise . she cry as long as she need to . they break apart , she wipe she eye on she sleeve . barney ( cont 'd ) let I get you a tissue . kate no , I will get it . she get up to go to the washroom . barney watch she go . his eye drift over and stop on leo' painting prominently display on the wall . it 's a abstract multi-color whirlpool that wind down to a black center . barney 's mind follow it down to the black nothingness ... flashback to : int . cbc radio station - booth - day - past ( 2003 ) Miriam be interview barney 's old friend , leo fasoli ( 61 ) he 's now a famous painter with a air of success and gravitas about he . barney and Blair watch from the booth , along with Leo 's flavor of the month , a stun 28 year old bimbo . miriam -- and we be back talk with renowned painter and artist , Leo fasoli . Leo , you recently sign a seven figure deal with Simon and schuster to publish you autobiography . but then you return the money , say you no longer want to do it . what happen ? leo it prove to be more difficult than I originally think it would be . miriam in what way ? white 10-23-09 103 . Leo pause . leo Andre gide , the french author , once say " nothing be as destructive to happiness as the remembrance of happiness lose " . ext . cbc radio station - day barney escort Leo and he bimbo out . a limo wait right outside the door . Leo light a cigarette . for all he success , there 's a sense of melancholy to he . leo ( to bimbo ) a spetta un minuto , cara mia . bimbo I love it when you speak italian . she give Leo a kiss , then slip into the limo . barney ( be : bimbo ) you like this one ? Leo just shrug . barney ( cont 'd ) thanks again for do the interview . it 's a real coup for Miriam . leo it be my pleasure . she 's a amazing woman . barney be you sure you can not stay the night ? we would love to have you over . leo there 's nothing I would enjoy more but I have to get back to New York . they hug . leo ( cont 'd ) you have make a wonderful life for yourself . it make I happy . Leo get in the limo and be drive away . white 10-23-09 104 . int . barney and miriam apartment - dine room - night Blair have join barney and Miriam for dinner . Miriam and Blair enjoy lively conversation , while barney brood in silence and polish off another scotch . blair allow I a toast to you barney . you really come through get Leo to do the interview . miriam yes you do . and a toast to Blair and he new job in New York blair I do not have it yet . barney here 's hope . they drink . Miriam begin to clear the table . blair let I help you . miriam guest do not clean . Miriam head to the kitchen . Long silence . barney so when be you go to find out ? blair probably not for another month . barney a month ? jeez , do not be so soft . push they . let they know they will lose you if they sit on they ass . blair I be not one to be aggressive like that . barney just because you be gay , do not mean you can not be assertive . blair I be not gay . barney I do not think so , but Miriam -- white 10-23-09 105 . blair Miriam think I be gay ? barney I tell she you be not , but -- Miriam enter . miriam so what you be boy talk about ? int . barney and miriam apartment - doorway - moment later Miriam kiss Blair good -night . miriam thank you for come . blair thanks for another incredible meal , and again , congratulation , it be a fantastic interview . miriam thanks . Blair exit . the moment the door close she put on she game face and march into the ... int . den - continuous ...to confront barney , who be just lighting up a cigar miriam what 's with you ? and do not say " what ? " . let 's just skip that whole part , okay ? barney I be give he a few life lesson . miriam by tell he I think he 's gay ? and who even joke about that anymore ? barney I do not want to fight about cher miriam we be not fight about Blair . we be fight about you . barney why ? white 10-23-09 106 . miriam get Leo to come in do not negate all the other interview you have miss to get drunk and watch the game , or all the dinner you have ruin because you be incorrigible with my friend . barney it do not ? Miriam be not amused . miriam I be go to visit Michael for a week . barney what ? when ? miriam next weekend . barney okay , I will take the week off . miriam no . I think a little time apart will do we both good . barney what ? where be this come from ? miriam we have hardly be away from each other since we have be marry . it will be good for we to circulate the air in here a little . it 's only a week - okay ? barney nod but he 's not happy about this . actually , he 's scared to death . she give he a kiss and exit . CUT to : int / ext . taxi cab - morning - present day back to present day . spring have arrive . barney ride in a taxi . coffee in hand . the cab stop at a red light in front of the montreal museum of fine art . barney look out the window to see worker unravel a drapery announce the next exposition : " leo fasoli - in memoriam . a retrospective . " white 10-23-09 107 . on the drapery be a photo of leo from back in he Rome day . the think of he depart friend hit he hard . the taxi pull away . int . office - totally unnecessary production - morning barney enter the office in a foul mood . the receptionist greet he with a smile . receptionist good morning , barney . barney my car be steal . find out what I have to do to report it . receptionist it 's park in the lot . I have the key right here . barney grab the key , walk away . int . tv soundstage - morning barney slip into the soundstage just as they start roll . he 's fidgety . anxious . on the set a scene be play out between o'malley and the new , young , ditzy , sexpot ( 21 ) , cast as the new nurse . o'malley I have a feel you be go to work out just fine around here . sexpot oh , I will not work out here . I go to the gym for that . solange ( 0.s. ) and CUT ! check the gate ! solange get up from the director' chair . she 's now direct the show , yet still dress in the same type of revealing , tight outfit she character would have wear . solange ( cont 'd ) and that everyone , complete the first episode of we 30th season ! ! the whole crew burst into applause . white 10-23-09 108 . even though it 's barney 's show , the merriment around he seem to only make he more lonely and bitter . he duck out . int . barney' office - later barney 's rifling through drawer and shelf look for something . he 's frustrated , angry . solange enter . solange why do you leave the set ? I think you might want to give a speech . barney nope . solange stand there grin from ear to ear , eager to tell he something . barney continue he search . barney ( cont 'd ) I be not interested . solange you do not even know what I be go to say . barney I be not interested in what you be go to say . that 's the point . solange what if it be something really interesting ? this be annoying the hell out of he . barney right now , I be in a state of complete disinterest to all thing . be that clear or should I have someone translate ? solange drop a airplane ticket in front of barney . solange I be go to Bulgaria . first class . barney look at the ticket . barney you have not fly in thirty year . barney hand she back the ticket and walk out of he office , solange follow ... white 10-23-09 109 . int . office - continuous barney go to the coffee machine . one of that automatic one where you press a button and it make you a latte he make he choice . the machine revs and grind , force they to raise they voice . solange I have be in systematic desensitization therapy to get over my fear of fly . barney be you out of you mind ? some idiot keep printing thirty year old picture of you in bikinis so old bolsheviks can have something to jerk off to and you be go to fly half way around the world because of it ? what do you imagine it will be like - that you will step off the plane right onto the tarmac , chanel glass , Hermes scarf wrap around you new ' do ' , a gaggle of paparazzi await you arrival ? you be a hundred and eighty year old solange , get over it . the coffee machine stop . Dead silence . the entire office watch they . solange fight back tear . MARK what the hell be wrong with you ? barney with I ? my friend Leo just die ! silence . barney ( cont 'd ) do you hear I ?! solange ( beat ) Leo die a year ago . flashback to : int . hallway outside barney' apartment - flashback ( this be a replay of the open of the movie ) barney pick up the morning newspaper . scan the front page . something he read upset he . white 10-23-09 110 . barney fuck . insert - front page headline - above the fold : " leo fasoli , fame italian painter , die at 66 . " we now understand what barney be reacting to originally . a soccer ball roll and stop at barney 's foot . justin ( 8 ) run up and grab the ball . he stare up at barney . barney stare back neighbor ( 0.s. ) Justin , come on , we be late . justin hi barney . barney good morning . Justin run off . barney turn back inside . int . barney and miriam apartment - kitchen - flashback barney 's read the paper as he finish he bagel and lox . barney look at he watch -- shit , he 's late . hop up to get ready . drop the paper on the table . insert - front page blurb - below the fold : the article about o'hearne's book we previously see . back to : int . barney' office - day - present day barney look as though he 's have the wind knock out of he . solange approach he carefully . solange you be a pallbearer at he funeral . ( beat ) barney ...? off barney 's confusion -- CUT to : int . dr . mandebaum' office - day barney and solange be in dr . mandebaum be office . barney 's long time physician . white 10-23-09 141 . barney can I smoke in here ? solange hat do you think ? now be quiet and et morty do he job . r= dr . mandebaum I be go to start by ask you a eries of question . just answer hem , there 's no right or wrong . ( beat ) what month be it ? a barney you be joke . dr . mandebaum here 's a point to all this . 4 barney April . dr . mandebaum what season be it ? barney summer . dr . mandebaum what city be we in ? barney do you actually have a degree in medicine ? ( beat ) montreal . dr . mandebaum what kind of car do you drive ? barney morty , that 's fuck embarrassing . dr . mandebaum just answer it . barney a ... you know , goddamn it ... it 's german ... I can not even find the fuck thing . why should I care what it 's call ? ( to solange ) and why be you cry ? white 10-23-09 112 . pre - lap : a phone dial , then ringing . flashback to : int . barney and miriam apartment - den - day - past ( 2003 ) scotch in hand , barney pace while on the phone . desperate and frantic without Miriam around . michael ( v.0 . ) hello ? barney Michael , hi , put you mother on the phone , please . int . michael be loft - brooklyn - day Miriam be clean up clutter around Michael 's apartment . michael Nice to talk to you too , dad . ( hold out phone ) Mom . . miriam ( into phone ) hello . intercut barney Miriam , please come home already . I can not sleep without you beside I . miriam I know . I keep reach over for you in bed and -- barney I buy we cemetery plot today . miriam ( beat ) what ? barney I can not handle be without you for even a few day , and that get I think and , well , I just need that settle . that we will be together forever . miriam barney ... white 10-23-09 113 . barney I have learn my lesson . come back tonight . please . miriam I be not punish you . and you should not have do that without talk to I first . that 's a big thing . barney what do that mean ? you be not sure ? miriam why be everything all or nothing with you ? I say I need a little space , and you go out and buy real estate for we afterlife . barney I be sorry , I just -- miriam overreacted ? yes , you do . ( beat ) I be sure what you buy be fine . what be I say - if you buy it it 's certainly the best plot in the whole city . but I be still not come home today . I be enjoy my week with my son . now I have to go , Blair be wait for we at the restaurant . I love you -- barney Blair ?! miriam do not even start . he actually take you advice and tell they he have another offer . so they call he down for a final interview . barney I can not believe you be there with Blair . miriam barney , I be not go to have this discussion with you . I love you but I really do have to go . Goodbye . barney I love you . white 10-23-09 114 . she hang up . barney look around the big , empty house , go out of he mind , not know what to do with himself . int . grumpy bar - night barney 's sit at the bar chat it up with Jill anda blonde ( 38 ) patron . he 's already quite drunk . jill -- and so he leave he own wedding and chase after she onto the train . blonde no way ! you be crazy ! barney shrug . Jill go to serve another customer blonde ( cont 'd ) you do not remember I do you ? barney should I ? blonde I have a small part on you tv show a few year ago . barney really ? I be sorry , I do not remember . blonde that 's okay . I remember you right away . ( stand ) I be go to freshen up a bit , would you mind order I another ? the look in she eye tell we exactly where this be go . barney watch she walk away . hard CUT to : int . barney and miriam apartment - den - night the blonde from the bar roll off of barney , naked , sweaty and satisfied . barney stare up at the ceiling . too drunk and too horrify to process what he 's just do . int . dr . mandebaum' office - day barney , in a state of panic , burst into morty 's office who be eat lunch at he desk barney I need a test . now. white 10-23-09 115 . dr . mandebaum test for what ? barney vd , syphilis , gonorrhea , aids -- dr . mandebaum whoa , whoa , slow down . what the hell happen ? barney just give I the test , morty . and I need the result as soon as possible . int . barney' car - drive - day driving home from the airport - a huge bouquet of rose with a " welcome Home " card sit in between barney and Miriam . barney be conspicuously silent and nervous . int . barney and miriam apartment - day they walk in from the airport . barney 's act strange . both anxious and nice . too nice . miriam it 's good to be home . barney let I put this in water and I will unpack you bag . go , relax . miriam I have a better idea . she wrap she arm around he waist and kiss he ; she 's in the mood for love . miriam ( cont 'd ) I miss you . barney I miss you too . he squirm out of she arm and carry the rose to the kitchen , talk from the other room . barney ( cont 'd ) but you must be exhaust - I will put on some tea - and run you a bath how do that sound ? she follow he into the kitchen . white 10-23-09 116 . int . kitchen - continuous barney fill a glass vase with water miriam what 's wrong ? barney nothing . why ? miriam barney ... the phone ring . barney leap to answer it . barney hello ? hold on ... ( to Miriam ) it 's work . problem on the set . miriam when you be do hide whatever it be you screw up while I be go , I will be in the bedroom . nake . Miriam exit . barney take a deep breath . barney morty , so ?... oh , thank God . thank you ... okay , bye . he hang up . he close he eye and remain silent and still for a long beat . miriam ( 0.s. ) be you off the phone ? barney yes , I be . he take another deep breath to compose himself and exit . int . bedroom - continuous ready for some good lovin ' , barney walk into the bedroom , but stop in he track when he see -- Miriam cry . the phone in she hand . miriam I do not know why , but I dial star 69 . you be act so strange ... she have to sit down . she 's tremble . terrify . white 10-23-09 117 . miriam ( cont 'd ) why do you lie about it be morty on the phone ? tell I the truth - be you sick ? ( beat ) tell I . barney I be not sick . miriam the way you cough at night , all that cigar -- barney Miriam , I be not sick . miriam then what be it ? what be you hide from I ? beat . barney it mean nothing to I . Miriam be completely devastate . barney ( cont 'd ) please , Miriam . we have a life . miriam have a life . she storm out . off barney , completely shell shocked we -- CUT to : int . barney and miriam apartment - night - present day pre - lap - a knocking at the door the door open revealing kate , she eye fill with tear she throw she arm around barney and will not let go . barney easy , kiddo . ( beat ) let 's not mourn just yet . morty say I have get at least a year before I be totally bonker . he have to gently pry she arm from around he neck . white 10-23-09 118 . barney ( cont 'd ) you mother 's show be on . why do not you fix we a couple drink . you could use one . she nod - that 's for sure . she start toward the kitchen -- barney ( cont 'd ) have you talk to she yet ? kate no . barney do not worry she with anything . okay ? kate nod . int . barney and miriam apartment - den - moment later barney 's sit at he desk . his eye drift over old photograph and item of nostalgia . the final bar of Leonard Cohen 's " I be you man " play on Miriam 's radio show . miriam ( v.0 . ) that be Leonard Cohen 's " I be you man " - a request from we ever faithful listener , alphonse , all the way from montreal . and here 's one for you alphonse - " I do not want to hear it anymore " by dusty Springfield . barney grin . kate be stand in the door watch he . she step in and hand he he drink . kate here you go , alphonse . barney look at she with surprise . kate exit . flashback to : int . hallway outside barney' apartment - day - past ( 2003 ) mover carry box down the hallway to the elevator . barney step aside to let Michael past with a box in hand . Michael will not even look at he father . we follow barney back inside -- int . barney and miriam apartment - kitchen - continuous through the apartment and into the kitchen where kate be help to pack . her eye puffy from cry . white 10-23-09 119 . barney pace back and forth . back and forth . Michael walk in to grab another box . he will not even look at he father . barney Michael , wait . ( beat ) I know how difficult this be for both of you , but you mother and I will work through this . michael do you even understand what you do here ? barney of course . michael then how could you have fuck this up ? how ? she deserve so much better but she still love you , you miserable , ungrateful prick barney watch you mouth . I be still you father . michael there 's nothing I can do about that . barney slap Michael . it 's so utterly shocking to both of they , that no one can move or say a word . Michael then storm out of the house . back to : int . barney and miriam apartment - den - present day crash -- barney shatter a frame photo , tear the room apart . kate run in and try to stop he , but it 's hard to get past he flail arm . kate daddy , stop , please , stop !! he finally stop . kate be unsure what to do . he just stare at the telephone receiver in he hand . he look up she . his eye fill with tear . white 10-23-09 120 . barney I can not remember you mother 's number . fade out : int . hallway outside barney' apartment - morning title : 6 month later ding . the elevator door open revealing solange , carry two cup of coffee . she walk down the hallway to barney 's apartment and let herself in with a key . int . barney and miriam apartment - continuous she enter and set the coffee down . solange ( call out ) allo ? you better be decent . int . walk - in closet - bedroom - barney' apartment - same time barney 's side of the closet be fill with he clothes , while the other that once hold Miriam 's wardrobe be completely bare . barney , in he best suit , be try but unable to do he tie . his frustration finally boil over . barney goddamn it ! he see solange in the doorway watch he . solange here , let I do it . she step to he and do he tie . they say nothing . he will not make eye contact . solange ( cont 'd ) there . as handsome as you have ever be . barney double check the knot in the mirror . solange ( cont 'd ) it 's time to go . she walk out first . he take one last look in the mirror . white 10-23-09 121 . ext . ritz carlton HOTEL - garden - day barney sit at he table in the ritz Garden , drink a glass of sparkling water his breath be take away when he see -- barney Pov Miriam enter the garden . every bit as gorgeous , elegant and graceful as she ever be . barney sit tight , take advantage of every second he have to simply watch she . she see he and smile as she approach the table . miriam you look great . barney you look fantastic . they play through a awkward exchange of lean in for a kiss , and shaking hand before barney just take she into he arm and hug she . they sit . miriam you be not go to get sick on I again , be you ? barney only coffee for I now . but I do have crib note ... ( pull out a paper ) my address and number , kate 's number , solange -- all the important stuff in case I get lose . I be actually think a dog collar might be easier she try to laugh , but have to fight off tear instead . miriam I have be do some research . they be always come out with new treatment and trial -- barney let 's not do that whole thing . we all know where this be go . she nod . miriam we can be friend now , can not we ? white 10-23-09 122 . barney no . we can not . miriam I be here for you if you will let I . we have a beautiful marriage , but it 's over . I want you to be at peace with that . barney have I ever give up when it come to you ? miriam never . barney so what make you think I would start now ? beat . jean bonjour , be you ready to hear the special of the day ? barney sure . ext . ritz carlton HOTEL - garden - day later cu - a piece of chocolate cake . barney and Miriam each have one . they grin with anticipation . Miriam slice through the moist , warm chocolate sponge . carry it past she lip and savor ... mmmm. Heaven . she open she eye to see -- barney' hand hover above he cutlery . he can not remember which one he be suppose to use . Miriam hand he he fork . barney thank you . and they eat cake . miriam would you excuse I ? I have to use the lady room ? white 10-23-09 123 . int . lady bathroom - ritz carlton - moment later Miriam cry in a stall . int . ritz carlton HOTEL garden - moment later Miriam return from the washroom and be panicked when barney be miss from the table . she race over to Jean . miriam Jean , do you see barney ? jean no , Madame , he pay the bill , but forget he wallet on the table . Jean hand she barney 's old , beat up wallet . a SMALL piece of paper be stick out of the wallet . without think why - she pull it out . the paper old and crack . she carefully unfold it -- insert - the paper " canadien 2 bruin 1 in overtime . congratulation . miriam " it 's the note she pass to he the night they first meet . he 's carry this on he all this year . see it literally take she breath away . int . reception hall - ritz carlton HOTEL - moment later she enter the same hall where she and barney first meet . barney be stand there , grin from ear to ear as if nothing be wrong . barney what 's wrong ? miriam I could not find you , I get so scared . barney it 's beautiful in here be not it ? miriam you forget you wallet at the table . barney look at you , you be practically shaking . miriam I think I lose you . white 10-23-09 124 . barney lose I ? hey , the kid be go , why do not we go home , curl up in bed , watch a movie ... Miriam cock she head , wonder why he say that . miriam the kid ...? barney yeah , the kid . you be the one who drop they off at school . be you okay ? ( off she cry ) oh my love , do not cry . he pull she close . she fall into he embrace , have realize he 's forget they ever split up . barney ( cont 'd ) have I not love you enough today ? she bury she face in he neck to stop from completely break down . barney ( cont 'd ) so what do you say ? can we play hooky ? she can not bring herself to shatter he fragile reality . miriam let 's get you home . he take she by the arm and walk she out of the lobby , as happy as he 's ever be . fade out : title card : one year later CUT to : ext . mount orford - day on tv - news report over image of the mountain , boogie 's bone with snorkel flipper and goggle , and barney : reporter it be in a ravine on mount orford that hydro worker stumble upon the remain of Bernard " boogie " ( more ) white 10-23-09 125 . reporter ( cont 'd ) moscovitch , who go miss over thirty year ago . his friend , barney panofsky , producer of the long run soap " o' malley of the North " , be the only suspect in the case . identified on screen , a pathologist respond to reporter . pathologist we finding show that Mr. moscovitch die from either be severely beat with a blunt instrument or have fall from a considerable height . there be no gunshot wound whatsoever . o'hearne be mobbed by a throng of reporter on the STREET . o' hearne just because he do not shoot he , do not mean he do not kill he . this just bring we one step closer to prove the truth . a long shot of the hillside where the remains be found . reporter Police say the pathologist 's finding do not shed any new light onto who may have be responsible for this death -- as the report continue we pull out from the tv into -- int . kitchen - cottage - continuous reporter ( on tv ) but at least one part of a thirty year mystery have finally be solve . where kate be pour they each a tea . Michael have a thick document in he hand that he 's look over michael okay , what be this regular payment out of the company ? kate take the document . kate ( laugh ) oh , that . for year now , daddy have be pay some guy to make up that fake tabloid item about solange . white 10-23-09 126 . michael why ? kate I do not know . to make she feel good . he even have they fax from Bulgaria , just in case she check the number . daddy ask I to keep it go . kate drip honey into she tea . hand it to Michael . michael ( smell honey ) be this honey still good ? kate honey do not go bad . michael ever ? kate ever . michael where do you hear that ? kate I do not remember , but it 's true . Michael use the honey and follow kate out to the -- int . den - cottage - continuous where they pass the well know sketch by Clara . michael I can not believe he 's leave that to she . kate as if run out on they wedding to chase mom be not enough of a rub . you know she hate that thing ? michael she 's not gonna hate it when she find out how much it 's worth . they continue out to the -- int . sunroom - continuous mound of paperwork everywhere . Michael and kate sit . he pass she a flagge contract from one of the paper pile . white 10-23-09 127 . while she sign the page , Michael look out onto the lake . it 's a picture perfect day . michael what do you want to do about the cottage ? kate we be never sell this cottage . michael yeah . I agree . she finish signing the agreement . hand it back . beat . kate okay , do . what 's next ? michael ( read ) " to my wife , Miriam grant panofsky , I leave we city condo , the original painting by my late friend , Leo fasoli , and the adjoin plot to my own in mount Royal cemetery where my wish be for she to bury along side I " ( beat ) he should not have include that . it 's not fair to she . she 's marry to Blair . kate only until death do they part . michael there 's one last thing , but it 's not relevant anymore . he leave boogie money to publish any original writings of he choose when he should return . kate see ? he always hope boogie would come back . michael that do not mean anything . kate of course it do . why would he leave boogie money if he kill he ? white 10-23-09 128 . michael so no one would think he do . kate stop it . he do not do it . why can not you let go of this already ? michael you bring it up . I be just say that we will never really know what happen . kate he 's we father . what else do you need to know ? it 's a touchy subject he would rather not get into . Michael stare out at the lake -- michael Pov barney sit on a lawn chair by the lake . michael I be go to go down to the lake . Michael exit . ext . cottage - day Michael walk to the lake and sit beside barney . barney 's mind be now almost completely go . he do not even react to Michael 's presence . barney be slowly try to peel a banana from the wrong end . michael try it this way . Michael turn the banana over for he . barney look at it oddly . turn it back over again . Michael and barney look out across the lake where a young family with two child play with a beach ball in the water from here they look much like barney 's family do year ago . Michael take out a cigar from he breast pocket . clip and light it . michael ( cont 'd ) here , just do not tell kate . he exchange the banana for the cigar . barney be able to smoke it just fine . white 10-23-09 129 . Michael hear a rumbling in the distance . he spot a water plane approach . his eye light up with excitement . the plane descend toward the lake . float in the middle of the lake be the beach ball , have get away from the young family previously . the plane 's hull open and swallows up water , along with the beach ball . it pull back up into the sky , the hull close . michael ( cont 'd ) do you remember how much we love that when we be kid ? the water plane be still in the air and have begin to swing back around . it open its hull and drop its water load - along with the beach ball onto the side of a mountain which we can easily identify as the spot where they find boogie 's remain . watch this , it suddenly come together for Michael . michael ( cont 'd ) boogie ... oh my God ... dad , do you see that ? he turn to barney who , much to he surprise , be watch the plane too . barney continue to puff on he cigar , but he thought , if any , be a mystery to all . michael ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , dad ... I be so sorry ... Michael take he father 's hand , hold it , then press it to he forehead just as barney do with izzy when he die . kate stand on the deck , watch they . tear in she eye . fade to : ext . cemetery - day Bright , green leave on a tree move with a gentle breeze . a perfect blue sky behind they . blade of thick , green grass flutter . the sound of footstep on a rocky path . moving with miriam - as she slowly walk uphill carry fresh flower . white 10-23-09 130 . ext . cemetery - grave site - day she reach the high peak on the only hillside in the cemetery . a view of the entire city . maybe the most picturesque spot ever . she mutter a silent prayer before lay the flower down . her eye moist with tear , she graze the tombstone with she fingertip , then start back down the hill . we remain on the hillside and move toward the grave .... the headstone read -- barney panofsky 1944 - 2010 pan across the double headstone - beside barney 's name be write -- miriam grant panofsky the end