barry lyndon a screenplay by stanley kubrick base on the novel by William makepeace thackeray February 18 , 1973 fade in : ext . park - day brief shot of duel . roderick ( v.o. ) my father , who be well - know to the best circle in this kingdom under the name of roaring Harry James , be kill in a duel , when I be fifteen year old . ext . garden - day Mrs. James , talk with a suitor ; roderick , at a distance . roderick ( v.o. ) my mother , after she husband 's death , and she retirement , live in such a way as to defy slander . she refuse all offer of marriage , declare that she live now for she son only , and for the memory of she depart saint . ext . STREET - day mother and son walk together . roderick ( v.o. ) my mother be the most beautiful woman of she day . but if she be proud of she beauty , to do she justice , she be still more proud of she son , and have say a thousand time to I that I be the handsomest fellow in the world . ext . church - day mother and son enter church . roderick ( v.o. ) the good soul 's pleasure be to dress I ; and on Sunday and holiday , I turn out in a velvet coat with a silver - hilt sword by my side , and a gold garter at my knee as fine as any lord in the land . as we walk to church on Sunday , even the most envious soul would allow that there be not a prettier pair in the kingdom . ext . field - day a picnic . the dugan family . roderick . roderick ( v.o. ) my uncle 's family consist of ten child , and one of they be the cause of all my early trouble ; this be the belle of the family , my cousin , miss dorothy dugan , by name . ext . dugan manor house - day a sprawling run-down irish manor house with large garden , stable , barn and farm . idealize image of dorothy . roderick ( v.o. ) ah ! that first affair , how well one remember it ! what a noble discovery it be that the boy make when he find himself actually and truly in love with some one ! a lady who be skilled in dance or sing never can perfect herself without a deal of study in private . so it be with the dear creature who be skilled in coquett . dorothy , for instance , be always practice , and she would take poor I to rehearse she accomplishment upon ... dorothy talk with the exciseman . roderick ( v.o. ) ... or the exciseman , when he come he round . dorothy talk to the steward . roderick ( v.o. ) ... or the steward . dorothy sit under a tree with the curate , read a book . roderick ( v.o. ) ... or the poor curate . dorothy talk to the apothecary 's lad . roderick ( v.o. ) ... or the young apothecary 's lad from dugan 's town whom I recollect beat once for that very reason . roderick , fight with apothecary 's lad . roderick ( v.o. ) the torment of jealousy she make I endure be horrible . ext . field - day dorothy , like a greyhound release from day of confinement , and give the freedom of the field at last , run at top -speed , leave and right , back and forth , return every moment to roderick . she run and run until she be out of breath , and then laugh at the astonishment which keep roderick motionless and stare at she . after catch she breath , and wiping she forehead , she challenge roderick to a race . roderick I accept , but I insist on a wager . the loser must do whatever the winner please . dorothy agreed . roderick do you see the gate at the end of the field ? the first to touch it will be the winner . they line up together and start on a count of three . dorothy use all she strength , but roderick hold back , and dorothy touch the gate five or six pace ahead of he . roderick ( v.o. ) I be certain to win , but I mean to lose to see what she would order I to do . dorothy catch she breath , think of the penalty . then she go behind the tree and , a few second later , come out and say : dorothy you penalty be to find a cherry - color ribbon which I have hide somewhere on my person . you be free to look for it anywhere you will , and I will think very little of you if you do not find it . they sit down on the grass . roderick search she pocket , the fold of she short bodice and she skirt , then she shoe ; then he turn up she skirt , slowly and circumspectly , as high as she garter , which she wear upon the knee . he unfasten they and find nothing ; he draw down she skirt and grope under she armpit . the tickle make she laugh . roderick I feel the ribbon . dorothy then you must get it . roderick have to unlace she bodice and touch she pretty breast , over which he hand must pass to reach it . dorothy why be you shaking ? roderick with pleasure at find the ribbon . ext . field - day military review . one hundred English troops , a few mount officer , a small military band , fifty local people . the dugan family , roderick and he mother , captain best and grogan . roderick admire the troops in they splendid uniform . roderick ( v.o. ) about this time , the United Kingdom be in a state of great excitement from the threat generally credit of a french invasion . the noblemen and people of condition in that and all other part of the kingdom show they loyalty by raise regiment of horse and foot to resist the invader . how I envied they . the whole country be alive with war 's alarum ; the three kingdom ringing with military music , while poor I be oblige to stay at home in my fustian jacket and sigh for fame in secret . int . ballroom at fencible - night dorothy and roderick enter . roderick ( v.o. ) once , the officer of the kilwangen regiment give a grand ball to which dorothy persuade my to take she . several cut depict the evening . dorothy ignore roderick ; dance , chat , laugh , drink punch , and finally , stroll outside with Captain best . roderick make a half - heart try at dance with miss clancy . roderick ( v.o. ) I have endure torment in my life , but none like that . some of the prettiest girl there offer to console I , for I be the best dancer in the room , but I be too wretch , and so remain alone all night in a state of agony . I do not care for drink , or know the dreadful comfort of it in that day ; but I think of kill myself and dorothy , and most certainly of make away with Captain best . ext . fencible ballroom - dawn the guest leave and say they goodby . roderick ( v.o. ) at last , and at morning , the ball be over . ext . road - dawn dorothy and roderick on horseback together . dorothy sure it 's a bitter night , roderick dear , and you will catch cold without a handkerchief to you neck . to this sympathetic remark , from the pillion , the saddle make no reply . dorothy do you and miss clancy have a pleasant evening , roderick ? you be together , I see , all night . to this , the saddle only reply by grind he tooth , and give a lash to Daisy . dorothy oh ! mercy , you make Daisy rear and throw I , you careless creature , you . the pillion have by this get she arm around the saddle 's waist , and give it the gentlest squeeze in the world . roderick I hate miss clancy , you know I do ! and I only dance with she because -- because -- the person with whom I intend to dance choose to be engage the whole night . dorothy I have not be in the room five minute before I be engage for every single set . roderick be you oblige to dance five time with Captain best , and then stroll out with he into the garden ? dorothy I do not care a fig for Captain best ; he dance prettily to be sure , and be a pleasant rattle of a man . he look well in he regimentals , too ; and if he choose to ask I to dance , how could I refuse he ? roderick but you refuse I , dorothy . dorothy oh ! I can dance with you any day , and to dance with you own cousin at a ball as if you could find no other partner . besides , roderick , Captain best 's a man , and you be only a boy , and you have not a guinea in the world . roderick if ever I meet he again , you shall see which be the best man of the two . I will fight he with sword or with pistol , captain as he be . dorothy but Captain best be already know as a valiant soldier , and be famous as a man of fashion in London . it be mighty well of you to fight farmer ' boy , but to fight a englishman be a very different matter . roderick fall silent . ext . SMALL bridge over a stream - dawn they come to a old , high bridge , over a stream , sufficiently deep and rocky . dorothy suppose , now , roderick , you , who be such a hero , be pass over the bridge and the enemy on the other side . roderick I would draw my sword , and cut my way through they . dorothy what , with I on the pillion ? would you kill poor I ? roderick well , then , I will tell you what I would do . I would jump Daisy into the river , and swim you both across , where no enemy could follow we . dorothy jump twenty foot ! you would not dare to do any such thing on Daisy . there 's the captain 's horse , Black George , I have hear say that Captain bes -- she never finish the word for , madden by the continual recurrence of that odious monosyllable , roderick shout : roderick hold tight to my waist ! and , give Daisy the spur , spring with dorothy over the parapet , into the deeper water below . the horse 's head sink under , the girl scream as she sink , and scream as she rise . roderick land she , half - fainting , on the shore . int . mother' house - bedroom - day various cut show illness and convalescence . roderick feverish : the doctor take he pulse . mother bring a tray of food . roderick ( v.o. ) I go home , and be ill speedily of a fever , which keep I to my bed for a week . dorothy visit he . roderick ( v.o. ) dorothy visit I only once , but I quitted my couch still more violently in love than I have be ever before . ext . dugan manor house - day the air be fresh and bright , and the bird sing loud amidst the green tree . roderick be elate , and spring down the road , as brisk as a young fawn . he encounter a orderly whistling " roast beef of Old England , " as he clean down a cavalry horse . roderick whose horse , fellow , be that ? orderly feller , indeed ! the horse belong to my captain , and he 's a better fellow nor you any day . roderick ( v.o. ) I do not stop to break he bone , as I would on another occasion , for a horrible suspicion have come across I , and I make for the garden as quickly as I could . roderick see Captain best and dorothy pace the path together . her arm be under he , and he be fondle and squeezing she little hand which lie closely nestle against he arm . some distance beyond they be Captain grogan , who be pay court to dorothy 's sister , mysie . roderick ( v.o. ) the fact be that , during the week of my illness , no other than Captain best be stay at Castle dugan , and make love to miss dorothy in form . captain best no , dorothy , except for you and four other , I vow before all the god , my heart have never feel the soft flame . dorothy ah , you man , you man , John , you passion be not equal to ours . we be like -- like some plant I have read of -- we bear but one flower , and then we die ! captain best do you mean you never feel a inclination for another ? dorothy never , my John , but for thee ! how can you ask I such a question ? raising she hand to he lip . captain best darling dorothea ! roderick rush into view , draw he little sword . roderick ( v.o. ) I pull out a knot of cherry - color ribbon , which she have give I out of she breast , and which somehow I always wear upon I , and flung they in Captain best 's face , and rush out with my little sword draw . roderick she 's a liar -- she 's a liar , Captain best ! draw , sir , and defend yourself , if you be a man ! roderick leap at Captain best , and collar he , while dorothy make the air echo with she scream . Captain grogan and mysie hasten up . though roderick be a full growth of six foot , he be small by the side of the enormous English captain . best turn very red at the attack upon he , and slip back clutching at he sword . dorothy , in a agony of terror , fling herself round he , scream : dorothy Captain best , for Heaven 's sake , spare the child -- he be but a infant . captain best and ought to be whipped for he impudence , but never fear , miss dugan , I shall not touch he , you favorite be safe from I . so say , he stoops down and pick up the bunch of ribbon , which roderick have flung at dorothy 's foot , and hand it to she , say in a sarcastic tone : captain best when lady make present to gentleman , it be time for other gentleman to retire ... dorothy good heaven , best ! he be but a boy and do not signify any more than my parrot or lap -dog . May not I give a bit of ribbon to my own cousin ? roderick ( roaring ) I be a man , and will prove it . captain best you be perfectly welcome , miss , as many yard as you like . dorothy monster ! you father be a tailor , and you be always think of the shop . but I will have my revenge , I will ! roddy , will you see I insulted ? roderick indeed , miss dorothy , I intend to have he blood as sure as my name 's roderick . captain best I will send for the usher to cane you , little boy , but as for you , miss , I have the honor to wish you a good day . best take off he hat with much ceremony , and make a low bow , and be just walk off , when Michael , roderick 's cousin , come up , whose ear have likewise be catch by the scream . michael hoity-toity ! John best , what 's the matter here ? captain best I will tell you what it be , Mr. dugan . I have have enough of miss dugan here and you irish way . I be not use to them , sir . michael ( good-humoredly ) well , well ! what be it ? we will make you use to we way , or adopt English one . captain best it 's not the English way , for lady to have two lover , and , so , Mr. dugan , I will thank you to pay I the sum you owe I , and I resign all claim to this young lady . if she have a fancy for school - boy , let she take them , sir . michael pooh ! pooh ! best , you be joke . captain best I never be more in earnest . best exit . michael ( in a tower rage ) you -- you ! hang you for a meddle brat , you hand be in everybody 's pie . what business have you to come brawling and quarreling here , with a gentleman who have fifteen hundred a-year ? Michael run after best . dorothy ( gasp ) oh , I shall die ; I know I shall . I shall never leave this spot . captain grogan ( whisper to dorothy ) the Captain be go . dorothy , give he a indignant look , jump up and walk towards the house . captain grogan ( in a soothing tone to roderick ) this be a pretty way to recommend yourself to the family . roderick ( shout after Michael ) the man that marries dorothy dugan must first kill I -- do you mind that ? michael ( shouting back from a distance ) pooh , sir . kill you -- flog you , you mean ! I will send for Nick the huntsman to do it . captain grogan you be a gallant lad , and I like you spirit . but what dugan say be true . it 's a hard thing to give a lad counsel who be in such a far - go state as you ; but , believe I , I know the world , and if you will but follow my advice , you will not regret have take it . dorothy dugan have not a penny ; you be not a whit richer . and , my poor boy , do not you see -- though it 's a hard matter to see -- that she 's a flirt , and do not care a pin for you or best either ? roderick dorothy might love I or not , as she like , but best will have to fight I before he marries she ! captain grogan faith , I think you be a lad that 's likely to keep you word . he look hard at roderick for a second to two , then he walk away , hum a tune , look back at roderick as he go through the old gate out of the garden . when grogan be go , roderick be quite alone , and he fling himself down on the bench where dorothy have make believe to faint , and have leave she handkerchief and the ribbon and , take they up , hide he face in they , and burst into a passion of tear . roderick ( v.o. ) I must have sit for some hour bemoan myself on the garden - bench , for the dinner - bell clange as usual at three o'clock , which waken I from my reverie . ext . dugan manor house - day as roderick pass the courtyard , he see the Captain 's saddle still hang up at the stable - door , and he odious red-coate brute of a servant , swagger with the scullion - girl and kitchen people . maid the englishman 's still there , master roderick . he 's there in the parlor . go in , and do not let ' im browbeat you , master roderick . int . dugan manor house - dine room - day roderick enter and take he place at the bottom of the big table ; the butler speedily bring he a cover . uncle hello , roddy , my boy ! up and well ? that 's right . aunt he would better be home with he mother . uncle do not mind she . it 's the cold goose she eat for breakfast -- do not agree with she . take a glass of spirit , Mrs. dugan , to roderick 's health . it be evident that he uncle do not know of what happen , but Michael , who be at dinner too , and Harry , and almost all the girl , look exceedingly black and the captain foolish ; and miss dorothy , who be again by he side , ready to cry . Captain grogan sit smile , and roderick look on as cold as stone . his uncle be in high good-humor . uncle dorothy , divide that merry think with the captain ! see who will be marry first . Jack best , my dear boy , never mind a clean glass for the claret , we be short of crystal at Castle dugan ; take dorothy 's and the wine will taste none the worse . Mrs. dugan and lady , if you please ; this be a sort of toast that be drunk a great deal too seldom in my family , and you will please to receive it with all the honors . here 's to Captain and Mrs. John best , and long life to they . kiss she , Jack , you rogue ; for faith , you have get a treasure . roderick ( spring up ) his already ?! harry hold you tongue , you fool -- hold you tongue ! roderick ( shouting ) he have already be slap in the face this morning , Captain John best ; he 's already be call a coward , Captain John best ; and this be the way I will drink he health . here 's you health , Captain John best . roderick fling a glass of claret into he face . the next moment , he be under the table , trip up by Harry , who hit he a violent cuff on the head ; as he go down , he hardly have time to hear the general scream and scurrying that be take place above he , be so fully occupy with kick , and thump and curse , with which Harry be belabor he . harry you fool ! you great blunder marplot -- you silly beggarly brat -- ( a thump at each ) hold you tongue ! when roderick get up from under the table , the lady be all go ; but he have the satisfaction of see the captain 's nose be bleed , as he be -- best be cut across the bridge , and he beauty spoiled forever . uncle in Heaven 's name , what do all the row mean ? be the boy in fever again ? harry ( turn to he father ) the fact be , sir , that the young monkey have fall in love with dorothy , and find she and the captain mighty sweet in the garden today , he be for murdering Jack best . captain best ( bristle up ) and , I will tell you what , Mr. dugan , I have be insulted grossly in this house . I be not at all satisfied with this here way of go on . I be a englishman , I be , and a man of property ; and I -- I -- harry if you be insulted , and not satisfied , remember there 's two of we , best . on which , the captain fall to wash he nose in water , and answer never a word . roderick ( in dignify tone ) Mr. best may also have satisfaction any time he please , by call on roderick James , esquire , of jamesville . his uncle burst out laugh , and in this laugh , Captain grogan join . roderick Captain grogan , I beg you to understand that , for my cousin Harry , who have be my best friend through life , I could put up with rough treatment from he ; yet , even that sort of treatment I will bear from he no longer ; and any other person who venture on the like will not like the cost . Mr. best know that fact very well ; and , if he 's man , he will know where to find I . uncle it be get late , and you mother will be anxious about you . one of you have better go home with he . ( turn to he son ) or the lad may be play more prank . harry both of we ride home with best here . captain best I be not afraid of highwaymen . my man be armed , and so be I . harry you know the use of arm very well , best , and no one can doubt you courage ; but Michael and I will see you home for all that . uncle why , you will not be home till morning , boy . kilwangan 's a good ten mile from here . harry we will sleep in best 's quarter . we be go to stop a week there . and , in another week , my boy . and here , Harry whisper something in the Captain 's ear . captain grogan I will go home with the boy . ext . road - late day grogan walk with roderick . captain grogan a pretty day 's work of it you have make , master roderick . know you uncle to be distress for money , and try and break off a match which will bring fifteen hundred a-year into the family ? best have promise to pay off the four thousand pound which be bother you uncle so . he take a girl without a penny -- a girl that have be fling herself at the head of every man in this part this ten year past , and miss they all , and a boy who ought to be attach to you uncle as to you father . roderick and so I be . captain grogan and this be the return you make for he kindness ! do not he harbor you in he house when you father die , and have not he give you and you mother , rent -free , you fine house of jamesville yonder ? roderick Mark this , come what will of it , I swear I will fight the man who pretend to the hand of dorothy dugan . I will follow he if it 's into the church , and meet he there . I will have he blood , or he shall have mine . will you take my message to he , and arrange the meeting ? captain grogan well , if it must be , it must . for a young fellow , you be the most bloodthirsty I ever see . no officer , bear his majesty 's commission , can receive a glass of wine on he nose , without resent it -- fight you must , and best be a huge , strong fellow . roderick he will give the better mark . I be not afraid of he . captain grogan in faith , I believe you be not ; for a lad I never see more game in my life . give I a kiss , my dear boy . you be after my own soul . as long as Jack grogan life , you shall never want a friend or a second . they embrace . roderick ( v.o. ) poor fellow ! he be shot six month afterwards , at minden , and I lose thereby a kind friend . but we do not know what be in store for we , and that 's a bless . ext . house - late day mother greeting roderick and Captain grogan . roderick ( v.o. ) in spite of my precaution to secrecy , I half - suspect that my mother know all from the manner in which she embrace I on my arrival , and receive we guest , Captain grogan . his mother look a little anxious and flushed and , every now and then , gaze very hard into the Captain 's face . roderick ( v.o. ) but she would not say a word about the quarrel , for she have a noble spirit , and would as lief have see any one of she kindre hang as shirking from the field of honor . int . mother' house - roderick's bedroom - day roderick waking up . roderick ( v.o. ) I never sleep sounder in my life , though I wake a little earlier than usual , and you may be sure my first think be of the event of the day , for which I be fully prepare . roderick at table with paper and ink . roderick ( v.o. ) and now I sit down and write a couple of letter ; they might be the last , think I , that I should ever write in my life . see he write : " dearest mother . " int . mother' house - kitchen - day roderick ( v.o. ) then I go down to breakfast , where my mother be wait for I , you may be sure . we do not say a single word about what be take place . roderick eat he breakfast with a good appetite ; but in help himself to salt , spill it , on which he mother start up with a scream . mother thank God , it 's fall towards I ! and then , she heart be too full , she leave the room . roderick ( v.o. ) ah ! they have they fault , that mother ; but be there any other woman like they ? there be a elegant , silver - mount sword that hang on the mantelpiece under the picture of roderick 's late father . a pair of pistol hang on each side of the picture . roderick take down the sword and pistol , which be bright and well - oile , and collect flint , ball and gunpowder . ext . mother' house - day Captain grogan and orderly arrive . roderick have you take my message to he ? captain grogan the meeting be arrange . Captain best be wait for you now . roderick my mare be saddle and ready ; who 's the captain 's second ? captain grogan you cousin go out with he . roderick and grogan , and the orderly ride off . roderick ( v.o. ) I do not take leave of Mrs. James . the curtain of she bedroom - window be down , and they do not move as we mount and trotted off . ext . country road - day they ride they horse at a leisurely pace . captain grogan that 's a very handsome sword you have there . roderick it be with this sword that my late father , Harry James , God rest he soul , meet Sir huddelstone fuddelstone , the Hampshire baronet , and be fatally run through the neck . he be quite in the wrong , have insulted Lady fuddelstone , when in liquor , at the brentford Assembly . but , like a gentleman , he scorn to apologize . captain grogan and now you risk the same fate . if you be kill , you mother be all alone in the world . roderick I be Harry James ' son , and will act as become my name and quality . ext . forest clearing - day Harry , Michael and the Captain be already there . best , flame in red regimentals , a big a monster as ever lead a grenadier company . the party be laugh together . roderick ( to Captain grogan ) I hope to spoil this sport , and trust to see this sword of mine in that big bully 's body . captain grogan oh , it 's with pistol we fight . you be no match for best with the sword . roderick I will match any man with the sword . captain grogan but sword be today impossible ; Captain best be -- be lame . he knock he knee against the swinging park gate last night , as he be riding home , and can scarce move it now . roderick not against Castle dugan gate , that have be off the hinge this ten year . captain grogan it must have be some other gate . they alight from they horse , and join and salute the other gentleman . captain grogan I have just explain to mister James that Captain best be lame , and that sword be impossible . harry oh , yes ! Dead lame . Harry come up to shake roderick by the hand , while Captain best take off he hat , and turn extremely red . harry and very lucky for you , roderick , my boy . you be a dead man else , for he be a devil of a fellow -- be not he , grogan ? captain grogan a regular Turk . I never yet know the man who stand to Captain best . harry hang the business . I hate it . I be ashamed of it . say you be sorry , roderick . you can easily say that . captain best if the young feller will go to Dublin , as propose ... roderick I be not sorry -- I will not apologize -- and I will as soon go to Dublin as to hell ! grogan take he aside . captain grogan look here , roderick , my boy ; this be silly business . the girl will marry best , mark my word ; and as sure as she do , you will forget she . you be but a boy . best be willing to consider you as such . Dublin 's a fine place , and if you have a mind to take a ride thither and see the town for a month , here be twenty guinea at you service . make best a apology , and be off . roderick a man of honor die , but never apologize . I will see the captain hang before I apologize . harry ( with a laugh to grogan ) there 's nothing else for it . take you ground , grogan -- twelve pace , I suppose ? captain best ( in a big voice ) ten , sir , and make they short one , do you hear , Captain grogan ? harry do not bully , Mr. best . here be the pistol . ( with some emotion to roderick ) God bless you , my boy ; and when I count three , fire . roderick this be not one of my pistol . harry they be all right , never fear . it 's one of mine . your will serve , if they be need , for the next round . captain grogan roderick , fire at he neck -- hit he there under the gorget ; see how the fool show himself open . Michael , who have not speak a word , Harry , and the Captain retire to one side , and Harry give the signal . it be slowly give , and roderick have the leisure to cover he man well . Captain best change color and tremble as the number be give . at " three " both pistol go off . best give a most horrible groan , stagger backwards and fall . the second ( cry out ) he 's down ! he 's down ! running towards he , Harry lift he up -- Michael take he head . michael he 's hit here , in the neck . laying open he coat , blood be see gurgle from under he gorget . harry how be it with you ? the unfortunate man do not answer , but when the support of Harry 's arm be withdraw from he back , groan once more and fall backwards . michael ( with a scowl ) the young fellow have begin well . you have better ride off , young sir , before the police be up . they have wind of the business before we leave kilwangan . roderick be he quite dead ? michael quite dead . captain grogan then the world 's rid of a coward . it 's all over with he , roddy -- he do not stir . he give the huge prostrate body a scornful kick with he foot . harry we be not coward , grogan , whatever he be ! let 's get the boy off as quick as we may . you man shall go for a cart , and take away the body of this unhappy gentleman . this have be a sad day 's work for we family , roderick James , and you have rob we of fifteen-hundred a-year . roderick it be dorothy do it . roderick take the ribbon she give he out of he waistcoat , and the letter , and fling they down on the body of Captain best . roderick there ! take she that ribbon . she will know what they mean ; that 's all that 's leave of she of two lover she have and ruin . michael and now , in Heaven 's name , get the youngster out of the way . harry I will go with you . they mount up and gallop off . ext . mother' house - day upon see roderick and Harry ride up , he mother , who have be wait outside , rush to she son with wild scream of joy . he dismount , and she kiss and embrace he . roderick ( v.o. ) I need not tell you how great be my mother 's pride and exultation when she hear from Harry 's lip the account of my behavior at the duel . int . mother' house - parlor - day still much excitement and hustle and bustle . harry the boy must go into hide , for a short time anyway . Dublin be the best place for he to go , and there wait until matter be blow over . mother Dublin ? but the poor lad have never be away from home . he will be as safe here as in Dublin . harry I wish that be true , auntie dear , but I be afraid the bailiff may already be on they way from kilwangan . int . roderick's bedroom - day his mother be rush about and pack a valise . Harry sit on the bed . roderick ( v.o. ) Harry persist in the necessity of instant departure , in which argument , as I be anxious to see the world , I must confess , I sided with he ; and my mother be bring to see that , in we small house , in the midst of a village , escape would be impossible , and capture would be impossible to avoid . int . mother' bedroom - day his mother take out a stock from she escritoire , and give roderick twenty golden guinea . mother ( gravely ) roderick , my darling , my wild boy , I have forebodings that we separation be to be a long one . I spend most of all night consulting the card regard you fate in the duel , and all sign betoke a separation . here be twenty guinea -- all that I have in the world -- and I want you to keep you father 's sword and pistol , which you have know to use so like a man . ext . mother' house - day roderick 's departure . roderick ( v.o. ) she hurried my departure now , though she heart , I know , be full , and almost in half - an- hour from my arrival at home , I be once more on the road again , with the wide world , as it be , before I . roderick wave . his mother cry . ext . high road to dublin - day roderick ( v.o. ) no lad of seventeen be very sad who have liberty for the first time , and twenty guinea in he pocket ; and I ride away , think , I confess , not so much of the kind of mother leave alone , and of the home behind I , as of tomorrow , and all the wonder it would bring . roderick happily riding down the road . roderick ( v.o. ) I have no doubt of the future ; think that a man of my person , part , and courage , could make he way anywhere . so I ride on , sing to myself , or chat with the passersby ; and all the girl along the road say , " God save I , for a clever gentleman . " farm girl in the field flirt with he . roderick ( v.o . ) as for thought of dorothy dugan , there seem to be a gap of a half - a-score of year . ext . road to dublin - day a well - armed gentleman dress in green , and a gold cord , with a patch on he eye , and riding a powerful mare , put he horse alongside . armed gentleman good day to you , young sir . roderick good morning . armed gentleman where be you bound for ? roderick ( after a long look at he companion ) that be none of you business . armed gentleman be you mother not afraid on account of the highwayman to let one so young as you travel ? roderick ( pull out a pistol ) not at all , sir . I have a pair of good pistol that have already do execution , and be ready to do it again . at this , a pock -mark man come up , the well - armed gentleman spur into he bay mare , and leave roderick . ext . road to dublin - day roderick ( v.o. ) a little later on , as I ride towards kilcullen , I see a crowd of peasant people assemble round a one - horse chair , and my friend in green , as I think , make off half - a- mile up the hill . a footman howl , at the top of he voice . footman stop thief ! but the country fellow only laugh at he distress , and make all sort of joke at the adventure which have just befallen . country fellow # 1 sure , you might have keep he off with you blunderbush ! country fellow # 2 o the coward ! to let the Captain bate you , and he only one eye ! country fellow # 3 the next time my lady travel , she would better leave you at home ! roderick what be this noise , fellow ? roderick ride up amongst they , and see the lady in the carriage , very pale and frighten , give a slash of he whip , and bid the red-shank ruffian keep off . pull off he hat , and bring he mare up in a prance to the chair-window . roderick what have happen , madam , to annoy you ladyship ? mrs . o'reilly oh , I be grateful to you , sir . I be the wife of Captain o'reilly hasten to join he at Dublin . my chair be stop by a highwayman ; this great oaf of a servant - man fall down on he knee , armed as he be , and though there be thirty people in the next field , work , when the ruffian attack , not one of they would help but , on the contrary , wish he " good luck . " country fellow # 1 sure , he 's the friend of the poor , and good luck to he . country fellow # 2 be it any business of ours ? roderick ( shouting ) be off to you work , you pack of rascal , or you will have a good taste of my thong . ( to Mrs. o'reilly ) have you lose much ? mrs . o'reilly everything -- my purse , contain upwards of a hundred guinea , my jewel , my snuff - box , watch . and all because this blunder coward fall to he knee ... footman be fair , mar 'am , they be not so much . do not he return you the thirteen pence in copper , and the watch , say it be only pinchbeck ? mrs . o'reilly do not be insolent , or I will report you to the Captain . footman sorry , mar 'am . he shuffles a few step away and frown in the direction that the Captain have vanish . mrs . o'reilly that fool do not know what be the meaning of a hundred - pound bill , which be in the pocket - book that the fellow take from I . roderick I be riding to Dublin myself , and if you ladyship will allow I the honor of riding with you , I shall do my best to protect you from further mishap . mrs . o'reilly but I should not like to put you to such trouble , mister ...? roderick o'higgin ... Mohawk o'higgin . ext . roadside inn - day they stop at the inn . roderick ( very gallantly ) as you have be rob of you purse , may I have permission to lend you ladyship a couple of piece to pay any expense which you might incur before reach you home ? mrs . o'reilly ( smile ) that 's very kind of you , Mr. o'higgin . he give she two gold piece . int . inn - day roderick and Mrs. o'reilly finish they meal . we will hear dialogue underneath roderick 's voice over . roderick ( v.o. ) how different be she lively rattle to the vulgar wench at kilwangan assembly . in every sentence , she mention a lord or a person of quality . to the lady 's question about my birth and parentage , I reply that I be a young gentleman of large fortune , that I be go to Dublin for my study , and that my mother allow I five hundred per annum . mrs . o'reilly you must be very cautious with regard to the company you should meet in Dublin , where rogue and adventurer of all country abound . I hope you will do I the honor of accept lodging in my own house , where Captain o'reilly will welcome with delight , my gallant young preserver . pay the bill . roderick ( v.o. ) perhaps have I be a little older in the world 's experience , I should have begin to see that Madame o'reilly be not the person of fashion she pretend to be ; but , as it be , I take all she storey for truth , and , when the landlord bring the bill for dinner , pay it with the air of a lord . indeed , she make no motion to produce the two piece I have leat she . ext . dublin - STREET - night they ride by . roderick ( v.o. ) and so we ride on slowly towards Dublin , into which city we make we entrance at nightfall . the rattle and splendor of the coaches , the flare of the linkboy , the number and magnificence of the house , strike I with the great wonder ; though I be careful to disguise this feel . ext . o'reilly house - dublin - night roderick ( v.o. ) we stop at length at a house of rather mean appearance , and be let into a passage which have a great smell of supper and punch . int . o'reilly house - dine room - night Captain o'reilly , a stout red -face man , without a periwig , and in a rather tatter nightgown and cap . roderick and Mrs. o'reilly . captain o'reilly Mr. o'higgin , I can not say how grateful I be for you timely assistance to my wife . roderick I be only sorry that I be unable to prevent the villain from carry off all she ladyship 's money and pearl . captain o'reilly Mr. o'higgin , we be in you debt , and rest assure , sir , you have friend in this house whenever you be in Dublin . ( pour a glass ) mister o'higgin , I wonder if I know you good father ? roderick which o'higgin do you know ? for I have never hear you name mention in my family . captain o'reilly oh , I be think of the o'higgin of redmondstown . General o'higgin be a close friend of my wife 's dear father , Colonel granby somerset . roderick ah -- I see . no , I be afraid mine be the o'higgin of watertown . captain o'reilly I have hear of they . there be relic of some mutton - chop and onion on a crack dish before they . captain o'reilly my love , I wish I have know of you come , for Bob moriaty and I just finish the most delicious venison pasty , which his Grace the Lord Lieutenant , send we , with a flash of sillery from he own cellar . you know the wine , my dear ? but as bygone be bygone , and no help for they , what say ye to a fine lobster and a bottle of as good claret as any in Ireland ? Betty , clear this thing from the table , and make the mistress and we young friend welcome to we home . Captain o'reilly search he pocket for some money to give to Betty . captain o'reilly I be sorry , Mr. o'higgin , but I do not seem to have any small change . May I borrow a ten-penny piece to give to the girl ? mrs . o'reilly I have some money , my dear . here , Betty , go to the fishmonger and bring back we supper , and mind you get the right change . she take out one of the golden guinea roderick give to she . int . dinning room - later they be eat . roderick ( v.o. ) we supper be seasoned , if not by any great elegance , at least by a plentiful store of anecdote , concern the high personage of the city , with whom , accord to himself , the captain live on term of the utmost intimacy . not to be behind hand with he , I speak of my own estate and property as if I be as rich as a duke . int . o'reilly house - bedroom - night the couple wishing roderick goodnight . roderick ( v.o. ) have I be a English lad , the appearance of the chamber I occupy might , indeed , have arouse instantly my suspicion and distrust . but we be not particular in Ireland on the score of neatness , hence the disorder of my bed - chamber do not strike I so much . Broken door . roderick ( v.o. ) be there a lock to the door , or a hasp to fasten it to ? dress lie over bed . roderick ( v.o. ) though my counterpane be evidently a grease brocade dress of Mrs. o'reilly . crack mirror . roderick ( v.o. ) and my crack toilet - glass not much bigger than a half - crown , yet I be use to this sort of way in irish house , and still think myself to be in that of a man of fashion . drawer , full of junk . roderick ( v.o. ) there be no lock to the drawer , which , when they do open , be full of my hostess ' rouge - pot , shoe , stay , and rag . int . bedroom - o'reilly house - night in the middle of the night , Mrs. o'reilly come to roderick 's room on a flimsy pretext , and in the course of event , he have he first woman . int . coach - day roderick , Captain and Mrs. o'reilly . captain o'reilly I need not ask whether you have a comfortable bed . Young Fred pimpleton sleep in it for seven month , during which he do I the honor to stay with I , and if he be satisfied , I do not know who else would not be . ext . promenade - phoenix park - day roderick , Captain and Mrs. o'reilly , they friend . various cut . roderick ( v.o. ) after breakfast , we drive out to Phoenix Park , where number of the young gentry be know to Mrs. o'reilly , to all of whom she present I in such a complimentary way that , before half a hour , I have get to be consider as a gentleman of great expectation and large property . int . o'reilly house - night roderick ( v.o. ) I have little notion then that I have get amongst a set of impostor -- that Captain o'reilly be only a adventurer , and he lady a person of no credit . the fact be , a young man could hardly have fall into worse hand than that in which I now find myself . a evening of gambling . roderick ( v.o. ) they friend be always welcome on payment of a certain moderate sum for they dinner after which , you may be sure , that card be not want , and that the company who play do not play for love merely . various cut of the character present . roderick ( v.o. ) what could happen to a man but misfortune from associate with such company ? and in a very , very short time I become they prey . roderick lose two hundred guinea to Captain o'reilly in a single hand . we see Captain o'reilly cheat , but roderick do not . he pay he the 18 gold guinea , remain from the sum he mother give he . roderick I shall have to write out a note for the rest of it , Captain o'reilly . ext . STREET - outside o'reilly house - dawn roderick exit to the street . the sound of the gambling can still be hear in the street . he be soon join by councillor mulligan . councillor mulligan master roderick , you appear a young fellow of birth and fortune ; let I whisper in you ear that you have fall into very bad hand -- it 's a regular gang of swindler ; and a gentleman of you rank and quality should never be see in such company . the captain have be a gentleman 's gentleman , and he lady of no higher rank . go home , pack you valise , pay the little trifle you owe I , mount you mare , and ride back again to you parent -- it 's the very best thing you can do . roderick do not reply , and walk slowly away from he down the street . int . o'reilly house - roderick's bedroom - early morning roderick enter . roderick ( v.o. ) into a pretty nest of villain , indeed , be I plunge ! when I return to my bed -chamber , a few hour later , it seem as if all my misfortune be to break on I at once . valise open , wardrobe lie on the ground , and roderick 's key in the possession of o'reilly and he wife . captain o'reilly whom have I be harbor in my house ? who be you , sirrah ? roderick sirrah ! sirrah , I be as good a gentleman as any in Ireland ! captain o'reilly you be a impostor , young man , a schemer , a deceiver ! roderick repeat the word again , and I run you through the body . captain o'reilly tut , tut ! I can play at fencing as well as you , Mr. roderick James . ah ! you change color , do you ? you secret be know , be it ? you come like a viper into the bosom of innocent family ; you represent yourself as the heir to my friend the o'higgin of Castle o'higgin ; I introduce you to the nobility and gentry of this methropolis ; I take you to my tradesman , who give you credit . I accept you note for near two hundred pound , and what do I find ? a fraud . he hold up the name , roderick James , print on the linen . captain o'reilly not master o'higgin of watertown , but roderick James of the devil only know where ... Captain o'reilly gather up the linen clothes , silver toilet article , and the rest of roderick 's gear . roderick hark ye , Mr. o'reilly , I will tell you why I be oblige to alter my name , which be James and the best name in Ireland . I change it , sir , because , on the day before I come to Dublin , I kill a man in deadly combat -- a englishman , sir , and a Captain in his majesty 's service ; and if you offer to let or hinder I in the slight way , the same arm which destroy he be ready to punish you . so say , roderick draw he sword like lightning , and give a " ha , ha ! " and a stamp with he foot , lunge it within a inch of o'reilly 's heart , who start back and turn deadly pale , while he wife , with a scream , fling herself between they . mrs . o'reilly dearest roderick -- be pacify . o'reilly , you do not want the poor child 's blood . let he escape -- in Heaven 's name , let he go . captain o'reilly ( sulkily ) he may go hang for I , and he 's better be off quickly , for I shall go to the magistrate if I see he again . o'reilly exit . his wife sit down on the bed and begin to cry . ext . dublin STREET - day roderick riding down the street , with he valise . roderick ( v.o. ) where be now a home for the descendant of the James ? I be expell from Dublin by a persecution occasion , I must confess , by my own imprudence . I have no time to wait and choose . no place of refuge to fly to . int . ale house - day roderick ( v.o. ) there be a score of recruiting party in the town beat up for man to join we gallant army in America and Germany . roderick approach a Captain and a sergeant , who quickly make he welcome . roderick I will tell you frankly , sir . I be a young gentleman in difficulty ; I have kill a officer in a duel , and I be anxious to get out of the country . roderick ( v.o. ) but I need not have troubled myself with any explanation ; King George be in too much want of man to heed from whence they come -- and a fellow of my inch be always welcome . indeed , I could not have choose my time better . a transport be lie at dunleary , wait for a wind . ext . british warship at sea - day roderick ( v.o. ) I never have a taste for any thing but genteel company , and hate all description of low life . hence my account of the society in which I at present find myself must of necessity be short . the reminiscence of the horrid black - hole of a place in which we soldier be confine , of the wretch creature with whom I be now force to keep company , of the plowmen , poacher , pickpocket , who have take refuge from poverty , or the law , as , in truth , I have do myself , be enough to make I ashamed even now . roderick sit very disconsolately over a platter of rancid bacon and moldy biscuit , which be serve to he at mess . when it come to he turn to be help to drink , he be serve , like the rest , with dirty tin noggin , contain somewhat more than half a pint of rum and water . the beaker be so greasy and filthy that he cannot help turn round to the messman and say : roderick fellow , get I a glass ! at which , all the wretch round he burst into a roar of laughter , the very loudest among they be Mr. toole , a red-haire monster of a man . mr. toole get the gentleman a towel for he hand , and serve he a basin of turtle - soup . roar the monster , who be sit , or rather squatting , on the deck opposite he , and as he speak , he suddenly seize roderick 's beaker of grog and empty it in midst of another burst of applause . link - boy ( whisper ) if you want to vex he , ask he about he wife , the washerwoman , who bate he . roderick be it a towel of you wife 's wash , Mr. toole ? I be tell she wipe you face often with one . link - boy ( whisper ) ask he why he would not see she yesterday , when she come to the ship . roderick ( v.o. ) and so I put to he some other foolish joke about soapsud , hen - peck , and flat-iron , which set the man into a fury , and succeed in raise a quarrel between we . roderick and toole fight with cudgel . roderick give he a thump across he head which lay he lifeless on the floor . roderick ( v.o. ) this victory over the cock of the vile dunghill obtain I respect among the wretch among whom I form part . ext . military drill field - cuxhaven - day roderick ( v.o. ) we passage be very favorable , and in two day we land at cuxhaven , and before I have be a month in the electorate , I be transport into a tall and proper young soldier , and , have a natural aptitude for military exercise , be soon as accomplish at the drill as the oldest sergeant in the regiment . various cut . roderick learn the soldierly art , musket drill , manual of arm , bayonet , march . ext . military courtyard - cuxhaven - day the cuxhaven troops be draw up to receive a new regiment , arrive from England . roderick see , march at the head of he company , he old friend , Captain grogan , who give he a wink . roderick ( v.o. ) six week after we arrive in cuxhaven , we be reinforce by gale regiment of foot from England , and I promise you the sight of grogan 's face be most welcome to I , for it assure I that a friend be near I . int . grogan' quarter - day roderick and grogan . roderick ( v.o. ) grogan give I a wink of recognition , but offer no public token of acquaintance and it be not until two day afterwards that he call I into he quarter , and then , shaking hand with I cordially , give I news which I want , of my family . captain grogan I have news of you in Dublin . faith , you have begin early , like you father 's son , but I think you could not do better than as you have do . but why do you not write home to you poor mother ? she have send half - a- dozen letter to you in Dublin . roderick I suppose she address they to I in my real name , by which I never think to ask for they at the post office . captain grogan we must write to she today , and you can tell she that you be safe and marry to " Brown bess . " roderick sigh when grogan say the word " marry , " on which grogan say with a laugh : captain grogan I see you be think of a certain young lady at duganstown . roderick be miss dugan well ? captain grogan there 's only six miss dugan now ... poor dorothy . roderick good heaven ! whatever ? have she die of grief ? captain grogan she take on so at you go away that she be oblige to console herself with a husband . she be now Mrs. John best . roderick Mrs. John best ! be there another Mr. John best ?! captain grogan no , the very same one , my boy . he recover from he wound . the ball you hit he with be not likely to hurt he . it be only make of tow . do you think the dugan would let you kill fifteen hundred a-year out of the family ? the plan of the duel be all arrange in order to get you out of the way , for the cowardly englishman could never be bring to marry from fear of you . but hit he you certainly do , roderick , and with a fine thick plugget of tow , and the fellow be so frighten that he be a hour in come to . we tell you mother the story afterwards , and a pretty scene she make . roderick the coward ! captain grogan he have pay off you uncle 's mortgage . he give dorothy a coach - and -six . that coward of a fellow have be make of you uncle 's family . faith , the business be well do . you cousin , Michael and Harry , never let he out of they sight , though he be for desert to England , until the marriage be complete , and the happy couple off on they road to Dublin . be you in want of cash , my boy ? you may draw upon I , for I get a couple of hundred out of master best for my share and , while they last , you shall never want . ext . various location - british on the MARCH - day roderick on the march . roderick ( v.o. ) we regiment , which be quarter about stade and luneberg , speedily have get order to march southward towards the rhine , where we would fight the famous battle of minden . it would require a great philosopher and historian than I be to explain the cause of the famous Seven year ' War in which Europe be engage , and , indeed , its origin have always appear to I to be so complicated , and the book write about it so amazingly hard to understand , that I have seldom be much wiser at the end of a chapter than at the beginning , and so shall not trouble you with any personal disquisition concern the matter . various cut feature roderick ; march , cooking at open fire , gambling , rest in a farm yard , officer riding by ; shiver in he blanket . ext . battlefield of minden - battle fragment - day roderick and he company . roderick ( v.o. ) be this memoir not characterize by truth , I might easily make myself the hero of some strange and popular adventure . ext . minden - battle fragment - day officer ride by in smoke . troops march to the attack . roderick ( v.o. ) but I see no one of the higher rank that day than my colonel and a couple of orderly officer riding by in the smoke -- no one on we side , that be . a poor corporal be not generally invite into the company of commander and the great . roderick advance . roderick ( v.o. ) but , in revenge , I see , I promise you , some very good company on the french part , for they regiment of lorraine and Royal cravate be charge we all day ; and in the sort of melee high and low be pretty equally receive . I hate brag , but I can not help say that I make a very close acquaintance with the colonel of the cravate . roderick fire he musket . he bayonet a french colonel , amidst shout and curse . roderick ( v.o. ) and finish off a poor little ensign , so young , slender , and small , that a blow from my pigtail would have dispatch he . roderick kill a french ensign with a blow from the butt of he musket . roderick ( v.o. ) and in the poor ensign 's pocket find a purse of fourteen louis d'or , and a silver box of sugar - plum , of which the former present be very agreeable to I . roderick take money and the box of sugar- plum from the ensign . roderick ( v.o. ) if people would tell they storey of battle in this simple way , I think the cause of truth would not suffer by it . all I know of this famous fight of minden , except from book , be tell here above . Captain grogan be shot , cry out , and fall . a brother captain turn to Lieutenant lakenham . captain grogan 's down ; lakenham , there 's you company . roderick ( v.o. ) that be all the epitaph my brave patron get . roderick kneel above grogan . captain grogan I should have leave you a hundred guinea , roderick , but for a curse run of ill-luck last night at faro . he give roderick a faint squeeze of the hand ; and , as the word be give to advance , roderick leave he . roderick ( v.o. ) when we come back to we ground , which we presently do , he be lie still , but he be dead . some of we people have already tear off he epaulet , and , no doubt , have rifle he purse . ext . various rough rural location - day short cut to voice over . roderick and british troops rape , pillage and burn . roderick ( v.o. ) after the death of my protector , Captain grogan , I be force to confess that I fall into the very worst of course and company . in a foreign country , with the enemy before we , and the people continually under contribution from one side or the other , numberless irregularity be permit to the troops . it be well for gentleman to talk of the age of chivalry ; but remember the starve brute whom they lead -- man nurse in poverty , entirely ignorant , make to take pride in deed of blood -- man who can have no amusement but in drunkenness , debauch , and plunder . it be with this shocking instrument that you great warrior and king have be do they murderous work in the world . ext . battlefield - warburg - battle fragment - day roderick ( v.o. ) the year in which George ii die , we regiment have the honor to be present at the Battle of warburg , where Prince ferdinand once more completely defeat the frenchmen . Lieutenant lakenham be shot , fall , and cry for help . roderick ( v.o. ) during the action , my lieutenant , Mr. lakenham , of lakenham , be strike by a musket - ball in the side . he have show no want of courage in this or any other occasion where he have be call upon to act against the french ; but this be he first wound , and the young gentleman be exceedingly frighten by it . lakenham here , you , roderick James . I will pay you five guinea if you will carry I into the town which be hard by that wood . roderick and another man take he up in a cloak , and carry he towards the nearby town of warburg . ext . a farmhouse - german STREET - warburg - day in order to get into the house , roderick and the other man be oblige to fire into the lock with they piece , which summon bring the inhabitant of the house to the door ; a very pretty and black - eye , young woman , and she old , half - blind father . they be at first unwilling to accommodate the guest , but Mr. lakenham , speak to they in german , and take a couple of guinea out of a very full purse , speedily convince the people that they have only to deal with a person of honor . int . warburg farmhouse - bedroom - day they carry Lieutenant lakenham to bed and receive they five guinea . roderick ( v.o. ) we put the patient to bed , and he pay I the stipulate reward . a young surgeon , who desire nothing better than to take himself out of the fire of the musketry , come presently to dress the wound . in he german jargon , roderick pay some deserve compliment to the black - eye beauty of warburg , think , with no small envy , how comfortable it would be to be billete there . ext . STREET - warburg - outside the farmhouse - day he start back to the regiment , with he comrade , when the man interrupt he reverie by suggest they divide the five guinea . private I should get half . roderick you share be one guinea . roderick give he one guinea . private he give you five guinea , and I bloody well expect half . roderick go to the devil . the private lift he musket , hit roderick a blow with the butt - end of it , which send he stunne to the ground , allow he comrade to take the other four guinea from he pocket . recovering he sense , roderick bleed , with a large wound in the head , have barely time to stagger back to the house where he have just leave the lieutenant , when he fall fainting at the door , just as the surgeon exit . int . warburg farmhouse - bedroom - day roderick be carry by the surgeon and the black -ey girl , into another bed in the room where the Lieutenant have be laid . lakenham ( languidly , in pain ) who be you put into that bed ? lischen we have the corporal , wounded , to you bring . lakenham a corporal ? turn he out . schicken sie herrn koporal weg ! int . warburg farmhouse - bedroom - night and day lischen bring roderick a refresh drink ; and , as he take it , he press the kind hand that give it to he ; nor do this token of he gratitude seem unwelcome . roderick ( v.o. ) I find lischen the tenderest of nurse . whenever any delicacy be to be provide for the wounded lieutenant , a share be always send to the bed opposite he , and to the avaricious man 's no small annoyance . lischen serve food . various cut , represent different day . lakenham behave as rottenly as roderick describe : roderick ( v.o. ) nor be I the only person in the house to whom the worthy gentleman be uncivil . he order the fair lischen hither and thither , make impertinent love to she , abuse she soup , quarrele with she omelettes , and grudge the money which be laid out for he maintenance , so that we hostess detest he as much as , I think , without vanity , as she regard I . roderick make lover to lischen while Lieutenant lakenham sulk in the next bed . roderick ( v.o. ) for if truth must be tell , I have make very deep love to she during my stay under she roof , as be always my way with woman , of whatever age or degree of beauty . do not think I very cruel and heartless , lady ; this heart of lischen 's be like many a town , which have be storm and occupy several time before I come to invest it , roderick sit up in bed . lischen have just serve he he supper . enter a british officer , a aide who carry a notebook , and a surgeon . in a brief scene to be write , we learn that a sudden movement on the part of the french require the british army to follow they . the town be to be evacuate , except for some prussian line - of - communication troops , whose surgeon be to visit the wounded in the place ; and , when they be well , they be to be draft to they regiment . roderick ( v.o. ) I begin to reflect how pleasant my quarter be to I , and that I be much better here than crawl under a odious tent with a parcel of tipsy soldier , or go the night - round , or rise long before daybreak for drill . I determine that I never would join mine again . ext . view out of warburg farmhouse window - day roderick stand by the window , watch English troops and wagon leave the town . int . warburg farmhouse - bedroom - day roderick walk into lakenham 's room attire in he full regimentals , and with he hat cocked over he leave eye . roderick I be promote Lieutenant . I have come to take my leave of you . I intend to have you papers and purse . lakenham you great scoundrel ! you mutinous dog ! what do you mean by dress yourself in my regimentals ? as sure as my name 's lakenham , when we get back to the regiment , I will have you soul cut out of you body . with this , roderick put he hand under he pillow , at which lakenham give a scream that might have call the whole garrison about he ear . roderick threaten he with a knife at he throat . roderick hark ye , sir ! no more noise , or you be a dead man ! roderick , take he handkerchief , bind it tight round he mouth , and , pull forward the sleeve of he shirt , tie they in a knot together , and so leave he , remove the papers and the purse , and wishing he politely a good day . ext . warburg farmhouse - STREET - day lischen , wait outside the house , with a saddle horse , throw she arm around he , and make the tenderest adieu . roderick mount he newly - purchase animal , wave he hat gallantly , and , prance away down the street . ext . road - day roderick happily riding along a wood country road , round a blind bend and see suddenly before he , about two hundred yard away , a company of prussian infantry rest along the side of the road , together with a dozen mount dragoon . a quick calculation tell he that be be better to proceed than to turn back , and he ride into they midst , approach a group of officer . he present himself as Lieutenant lakenham and ask for direction to join he regiment . he be tell that he be riding in the wrong direction , and be show a map . during the explanation , Captain galgenstein approach with a open , smile countenance , introduce himself , and say he , too , be bound for the same place , and ask if roderick will honor he with he company . to avoid suspicion , roderick readily accept the offer , and the two man mount up , and ride off together . ext . road - germany - day roderick and galgenstein riding together . dialogue under voice over . roderick ( v.o. ) my companion treat I with great civility , and ask I a thousand question about England , which I answer as best I might . but this best , I be bound to say , be bad enough . I know nothing about England , and I invent a thousand storey which I tell he ; describe the king and the minister to he , say the british ambassador in Berlin be my uncle , and promise my acquaintance a letter of recommendation to he . captain galgenstein what be you uncle 's name ? roderick ( slowly ) o'grady . captain galgenstein ( with a laugh ) oh , yes , of course , ambassador o'grady ... ext . desolate german road - day roderick and Captain galgenstein . they horse ' head together , jogging on . they pass a party of recruit under the armed guard of a red-coate hanoverian sergeant . he exchange sign of recognition with Captain galgenstein . captain galgenstein it hurt my feeling to be oblige to commune with such wretch , but the stern necessity of war demand man continually , and hence this recruiter whom you see market in human flesh . they get five - and - twenty thaler a man from we government for every man they bring in . for fine man -- for man like you . ( he add laugh ) they would go as high as hundred . ext . desolate german inn - late afternoon roderick and Captain galgenstein approach a very lonely - look place . captain galgenstein this be a very good inn . shall we stop for dinner ? roderick this may be a very good inn for Germany , but it would not pass in old Ireland . corbach be only a league off , let we push on for corbach . captain galgenstein do you want to see the loveliest woman in Europe ? roderick smile . captain galgenstein ah ! you sly rogue , I see that will influence you . roderick the place seem more a farm than a inn-yard . captain galgenstein the people be great farmer , as well as inn-keeper . they enter by a great gate into a court , wall round , and at on end of which be the building , a dingy ruinous place . a couple of cover wagon be in the courtyard ; they horse be litter under a shed hard by . loung about the place be some man , and a pair of sergeant in the prussian uniform , who both touch they hat to the captain . the inn have something forebode about it , and the man shut the great yard - gate as soon as they enter . captain galgenstein ( explain the gate ) party of french horseman be about the country , and one cannot take too many precaution against such villain . the two sergeant take charge of the horse ; the captain order one of they to take roderick 's valise to he bedroom . roderick promise the sergeant a glass of schnapp for he pain . they enter into supper . int . german inn - late afternoon a dish of fry egg and bacon be order from a hideous old wench that come to serve they , in place of the lovely creature which have be expect ; and the captain , laugh , say : captain galgenstein well , we meal be a frugal one , but a soldier have many a time a worse . take off he hat , sword - belt , and glove , with great ceremony , galgenstein sit down to eat . roderick put he weapon securely on the old chest of drawer where the captain 's be laid . the hideous old woman bring in a pot of very sour wine , at which , and at she ugliness , roderick feel a considerable ill-humor . roderick ( when she leave ) where 's the beauty you promise I ? captain galgenstein ( laugh and look hard at roderick ) it be my joke . I be tired , and do not care to go farther . there 's not prettier woman here than that . if she will not suit you fancy , my friend , then you must wait awhile . this increase roderick 's ill-humor . roderick ( sternly ) upon my word , sir , I think you have act very coolly . captain galgenstein I have act as I think fit . roderick Sir , I be a british officer . captain galgenstein it 's a lie ! you be a deserter ! you be a impostor , sir ; you lie and folly have confirm this to I . you pretend to carry dispatch to a general who have be dead this ten month ; you have a uncle who be a ambassador and whose name you do not know . will you join and take the bounty , sir , or will you be give up ? roderick neither ! spring at he like a tiger . but , agile as he be , galgenstein be equally on he guard . he take two pistol out of he pocket , fire one off , and say , from the other end of the table where he stand dodging roderick , as it be . captain galgenstein Advance a step , and I send this bullet into you brain ! the door be flung open , and the two sergeant enter , armed with musket and bayonet to aid they captain . the game be up . roderick fling down a knife with which he have armed himself , for the old hag , on bring in the wine , have remove he sword . roderick I volunteer . ext . a road - day prussian troops on the march . roderick be now one of they . Captain galgenstein ride by . roderick ( v.o. ) at the close of the Seven year ' War , the prussian army , so renowned for its discipline valor , be officer and under- officer by native prussian , it be true , but be compose for the most part of man hire or steal , like myself , from almost every nation in Europe . the desert to and for be prodigious . ext . a field - day prussian punishment gauntlet . roderick ( v.o. ) the life the private soldier lead be a frightful one to any but the man of iron courage and endurance . the punishment be incessant . ext . various rural location - day roderick ( v.o. ) I be not near so unhappy , in spite of all , as I have be on my first enlist in Ireland . at least , there will be no one of my acquaintance who will witness my shame , and that be the point which I have always care for most . rape , pillage and burn . brief thematic repeat of british army version . roderick ( v.o. ) I reason with myself thus : " now you be catch , there be no use in repining -- make the best of you situation , and get all the pleasure you can out of it . there be a thousand opportunity of plunder , offer to the soldier in war time , out of which he can get both pleasure and profit ; make use of this , and be happy . " ext . battlefield - fragment prussian against austrian , or french , or saxon . roderick fight . roderick ( v.o. ) I do not intend to make a history of battle in the prussian any more than in the English service . I do my duty in they as well as another , and there be not a brave , cleverer , handsomer , and , I must own , wickeder soldier in the prussian army . ext . battlefield - action - day roderick I have form myself to the condition of the proper fight beast ; on a day of action , I be savage and happy . roderick save Captain galgenstein 's life . ext . field - day roderick be decorate by Colonel bulow for he heroism in save Captain galgenstein . Colonel bulow give roderick two frederic d'or in front of the regiment . colonel bulow you be a gallant soldier , and have evidently come of good stock ; but you be idle , dissolute , and unprincipled ; you have do a deal of harm to the man ; and , for all you talent and bravery , I be sure you will come to no good . roderick I hope Colonel bulow be mistaken regard my character . I have fall into bad company , it be true ; but I have only do as other soldier have do ; and , above all , I have never have a kind friend and protector before , to whom I might show that I be worthy of better thing . the Colonel may say I be a ruin lad , and send I to the devil ; but be sure of this , I would go to the devil to serve the regiment . Captain galgenstein look pleased with roderick 's performance . berlin - 1763 roderick ( v.o. ) soon after the war end , we regiment be garrison in the capital , the least dull , perhaps , of all the town of Prussia ; but that do not say much for its gaiety . int . ante - room - captain galgensteinx office - day roderick enter and approach the Captain 's sergeant . roderick private roderick James . first hanoverian Guards . Captain galgenstein send for I . prussian sergeant you may wait . roderick thank you , sir . roderick stand stiffly . we can make out the sound of loud talk behind the close door . enter a private huffing and puffing . private sergeant , the wagon have arrive with the Captain 's furniture , but the driver say he be not suppose to unload it . be it possible for you to talk to he ? exit the sergeant , mutter . roderick , now alone in the office , walk closer to the door so that he can hear what be be say . minister galgenstein ( o.s. ) give he he discharge ! bon dieu ! you be a model of probity ! you will never succeed to my place , my dear nephew , if you be no wiser than you be just now . make the fellow as useful to you as you please . you say he have a good manner and a frank countenance , that he can lie with assurance , and fight , you say , on a pinch . the scoundrel do not want for good quality . as long as you have the regiment in terrorem over he , you can do as you like with he . once let he loose , and the lad be likely to give you the slip . keep on promise he ; promise to make he a general , if you like . what the deuce do I care ? there be spy enough to be have in this town without he . roderick hear the sergeant return and walk back to the door . then the office door open , Captain galgenstein look out , see roderick , smile and say : captain galgenstein good morning , private James . please come in . I should like you to meet my uncle , herr Minister of Police galgenstein . roderick how do you do , sir ? the Minister nod . roderick ( v.o. ) the captain be the nephew and heir of the Minister of Police , herr galgenstein , a relationship which , no doubt , aid in the young gentleman 's promotion . captain galgenstein you loyalty to I and you service to the regiment have pleased I very well -- and now there be another occasion on which you may make yourself useful to we ; if you succeed , depend on it , you reward will be you discharge from the army , and a bounty of 100 guinea . roderick what be the service , sir ? captain galgenstein there be lately come to Berlin a gentleman in the service of the Empress Queen , who call himself the Chevalier de Belle fast , and wear the red riband and star of the pope 's order of the spur . he be make for good society , polished , obliging , a libertine , without prejudice , fond of woman , of good food , of high play , prudent and discreet . the Captain smile at roderick . captain galgenstein he speak italian and french indifferently ; but we have some reason to fancy this monsieur de Belle fast be a native of you country of Ireland , and that he have come here as a spy . the Captain rise and begin to pace back and forth . captain galgenstein naturally , you knowledge of English make you a ideal choice to go into he service . of course , you will not know a word of English ; and if the Chevalier ask as to the particularity of you accent , say you be hungarian . the servant who come with he will be turn away today , and the person to whom he have apply for a faithful fellow will recommend you . roderick nod . captain galgenstein you be a hungarian ; you serve in the army , and leave on account of weakness in the loin . he gamble a great deal , and win . do you know the card well ? roderick only a very little , as soldier do . captain galgenstein I have think you more expert . you must find out if the Chevalier cheat . he see the English and austrian envoy continually , and the young man of either ministry sup repeatedly at he house . find out what they talk of , for how much each play , especially if any of they play on parole . if you be able to , read he private letter , though about that which go to the post , you need not trouble yourself -- we look at they there . but never see he write a note without find out to whom it go , and by what channel or messenger . he sleep with the key of he dispatch - box with a string around he neck -- twenty frederics , if you get a impression of the key . minister galgenstein do this assignment interest you ? roderick yes , Minister , I be interested in any work in which I can be of service to Captain galgenstein . the Minister study roderick , coldly . ext . chevalier do belle fast' house - berlin - day roderick , now dress in civilian clothes , admire a beautiful carriage , wait at the door . then he enter . int . chevalier do belle fast' apartment - day chevalier you be the young man who M. de seebach recommend ? roderick yes , sir . here be my letter . roderick bow , and hand he a letter from that gentleman , with which the Captain have take care to provide he . as the Chevalier read the letter , roderick have the leisure to examine he . he be a man of sixty year of age , dress superbly , wear ring , diamond and lace . one of he eye be close with a black patch , and he wear a little white and red paint , and a pair of moustachio , which fall over he lip . the Chevalier be seat at a table near the window to read the letter . chevalier you name be lazlo Zilagyi ? roderick yes , sir . chevalier you come highly recommend by herr seebach . roderick herr seebach be a very kind employer . chevalier for whom else have you work ? roderick no one , sir . before that I serve in the army but have to leave due to weakness of the loin . chevalier who else can give I information about you ? roderick only the agency of servant . the Chevalier put the letter down , look at roderick for a few second , and then smile . chevalier you will do . I will give you 30 ... a day . I do not provide you clothing ; you will sleep at home , and you will be at my order every morning at seven o'clock . he notice roderick begin to tremble and look peculiar . chevalier be there something wrong ? he go up to roderick . roderick ( v.o . ) it be very imprudent of I ; but when I see the splendor of he appearance , the nobleness of he manner , I feel it impossible to keep disguise with he . you , who have never be out of you country know little what it be to hear a friendly voice in captivity ; and there 's a many a man that will understand the cause of the burst of feel which be about to take place . the Chevalier take roderick by the shoulder . roderick ( as he speak , burst into tear ) Sir , I have a confession to make . I be a irishman , and my name be roderick James . I be abduct into the prussian army two year ago , and now I have be put into you service by my Captain and he uncle , the Minister of Police , to serve as a watch upon you action , of which I be to give information to the same quarter . for this odious service , I have be promise my discharge , and a hundred guinea . sob , roderick fall into he arm . chevalier the rascal ! they think to catch I , do they ? why , young man , my chief conspiracy be a faro-bank . but the king be so jealous , that he will see a spy in every person who come to he miserable capital , in the great sandy desert here . ext . berlin - park - day roderick and the Chevalier walk . roderick ( v.o. ) and I think he be as much affect as I be at thus find one of he kindre ; for he , too , be a exile from home , and a friendly voice , a look , bring the old country back to he memory again , and the old day of he boyhood . chevalier I would give five year of my life to see the old country again , the greenfield , and the river , and the old round tower , and the bury place . ext . berlin - STREET - day roderick and the Chevalier walk . chevalier my lad , I have be in every service ; and , between ourselves , owe money in every capital in Europe . I have be a roll stone . play -- play have be my ruin ! that and beauty . the woman have make a fool of I , my dear boy . I be a soft - heart creature , and this minute , at sixty - two , have no more command of myself than when Peggy o'dwyer make a fool of I at sixteen . ext . berlin - lake wannsee - day roderick and the Chevalier walk along the bank . chevalier the card be now my only livelihood . sometimes I be in luck , and then I lay out my money in this trinket you see . it 's property , look you , and the only way I have find of keep a little about I . when the luck go against I , why , my dear , my diamond go to the pawnbroker and I wear paste . do you understand the card ? roderick I can play as soldier do , but have no great skill . chevalier we will practice in the morning , my boy , and I will put you up to a thing or two worth know . int . chevalier' room - berlin - day Quick cut -- roderick be teach the profession of card and the dice - box . ext . garden house - berlin - day roderick , Minister galgenstein , and Captain galgenstein . roderick ( v.o. ) I carry my little report to Captain galgenstein at the Garden house outside the town where he give I rendezvous . this report , of course , be arrange between I and the Chevalier beforehand . I be instruct , and it be always the best way , to tell as much truth as my story would possible bear . dialogue come up from under voice over . roderick he go to church regularly -- he be very religious , and after hearing mass come home to breakfast . then he take a airing in he chariot till dinner , which be serve at noon . after dinner , he write he letter , if he have any letter to write ; but he have very little to do in this way . his letter be to the austrian envoy , with whom he correspond , but who do not acknowledge he ; and be write in English , or course , I look over he shoulder . he generally write for money . he make he party with calsabigi , the lottery contractor , the Russian attaches , two from the English embassy , my lord deuceace and punter , who play a jeu d'enfer , and a few more . he win often , but not always . Lord deuceace be a very fine player . the Chevalier Elliott , the English Minister , sometimes come , on which occasion the secretary do not play . int . chevalier' apartment - night the Chevalier be at play against several gentleman , include the Prince of turbingen , while roderick signal the card . roderick ( v.o . ) it be agree that I should keep my character of valet , that in the presence of stranger I should not know a word of English , that I should keep good lookout on the trump when I be serve the champagne and punch about ; and , have a remarkably fine eyesight , and a great natural aptitude , I be speedily able to give my dear benefactor much assistance against he opponent at the green table . several cut of play and cheating to illustrate voice over . roderick ( v.o. ) simplicity be we secret . everything successful be simple . if , for instance , I wipe the dust off a chair with my napkin , it be to show that the enemy be strong in diamond ; if I push it , he have a ace , king ; if I say , " punch or wine , my lord ? " heart be mean . if " wine or punch ? " club . if I blow my nose , it be to indicate that there be another confederate employ by the adversary ; and then , I warrant you , some pretty trial of skill would take place . the Prince of turbingen , although so young , have a very great skill and cleverness with the card in every way ; and it be only from hearing ritter von brandenburg , who come with he , yawn three time when the Chevalier have the ace of trump , that I know we be Greek to Greek , as it be . the Prince lose a big hand , and , in a fury , throw down he card . he stare at the table , then at the Chevalier . prince Chevalier , though I can not say how , I believe you have cheat I . chevalier I deny you Grace 's accusation , and beg you to say how you have be cheat ? prince ( glaring at roderick ) I do not know . chevalier you Grace owe I seventy thousand frederics , which I have honorably win . prince Chevalier , if you will have you money now , you must fight for it . if you will be patient , maybe I will pay you something another time . chevalier you Grace , if I be so tame as to take this , then I must give up a honorable and lucrative occupation . prince I have say all there be to be say . I be at you disposal for whatever purpose you wish . good night . he exit . ext . garden house - day roderick , Captain galgenstein and Minister galgenstein . minister galgenstein be he cheat ? roderick in so far as I can tell this thing -- no . I believe the Chevalier win the money fairly . minister galgenstein hmm-mmmm . captain galgenstein what be the Chevalier 's intention ? roderick I be not sure . the Prince tell he quite clearly that if he wish to have the money , he would have to fight for it . minister galgenstein a meeting with the Prince of turbingen be impossible . roderick the Prince leave he only that choice . the Captain and the Minister walk a few step away and speak in whisper . then they return to roderick . minister galgenstein will you be able to return here tomorrow without arouse suspicion ? int . chevalier' apartment - day chevalier tell they I intend to demand satisfaction from the Prince . roderick but they will prevent a meeting at whatever the cost . chevalier have no fear . it will come out well for I . roderick I believe they will deport you . chevalier I have face that problem before . roderick but , if they send you away , then what be to become of I ? chevalier ( with a smile ) make you mind easy , you shall not be leave behind , I warrant you . do take a last look at you barrack , make you mind easy , say a farewell to you friend in Berlin . the dear soul , how they will weep when they hear you be out of the country , and , out of it , you shall go . roderick but how , sir ? ext . garden house - berlin - day roderick , Captain galgenstein and Minister galgenstein . minister galgenstein the King have determine to send the Chevalier out of the country . roderick when be he to go ? captain galgenstein have he send the challenge yet ? roderick not yet , but I believe he intend to . minister galgenstein then this must be do tomorrow . roderick what be to be do ? captain galgenstein you say he drive after breakfast and before dinner . when he come out to he carriage a couple of gendarme will mount the box , and the coachman will get he order to move on . roderick and he baggage ? captain galgenstein oh ! that will be send after he . I have a fancy to look into that red box which contain he papers , you say ; and at noon , after parade , shall be at the inn . you will not say a word to any one there regard the affair , and will wait for I at the Chevalier 's room until my arrival . we must force that box . you be a clumsy hound , or you would have get the key long ago . ext . chevalier' apartment - day action as per voice over . roderick ( v.o. ) at ten o'clock the next morning , the carriage of the Chevalier de Belle fast draw up as usual at the door of he hotel , and the Chevalier come down the stair in he usual stately manner . look around and not find he servant to open the door . chevalier where be my rascal , lazlo ? prussian officer ( stand by the carriage ) I will let down the step for you honor . no sooner do the Chevalier enter than the officer jump in after he , another mount the box by the coachman , and the latter begin to drive . chevalier good gracious ! what be this ? prussian officer ( touch he hat ) you be go to drive to the frontier . chevalier it be shameful -- infamous ! I insist upon be put down at the austrian ambassador 's house . prussian officer I have order to gag you honor if you cry out , and to give you this purse contain ten thousand frederics if you do not . chevalier ten thousand ? but the scoundrel owe I seventy thousand . prussian officer you honor must lower he voice . chevalier ( whisper ) all Europe shall hear of this ! prussian officer as you please . both lapse into silence . ext . road - day the coach drive by . suddenly -- " boom , " the alarm cannon begin to roar . int . coach - day prussian officer do not be alarmed . the alarm cannon only signal a deserter . Chevalier nod . ext . road - day the coach drive by and action as describe . roderick ( v.o. ) hear the sound of the alarm cannon , the common people come out along the road , with fowling - piece and pitch - fork , in hope to catch the truant . the gendarme look very anxious to be on the lookout for he too . the price of a deserter be fifty crown to that who bring he in . ext . saxon custom - house - day the black and white barrier come in view at last hard by bruck , and opposite they the green and yellow of saxony . the saxon custom- house officer come out . chevalier I have no luggage . prussian officer the gentleman have nothing contraband . the prussian officer , grin , hand the Chevalier the purse and take they leave of they prisoner with much respect . the Chevalier de Belle fast give they three frederic a- piece . chevalier gentlemen , I wish you a good day . will you please go to the house from whence we set out this morning , and tell my man there to send my baggage on to Three king at dresden ? roderick ( v.o. ) then order fresh horse , the Chevalier set off on he journey for that capital . I need not tell you that I be the Chevalier . int . room - HOTEL des trois couronne - day roderick read a letter over he breakfast in bed . chevalier ( v.o. ) from the Chevalier de Belle fast to roderick James , esquire , gentilhomme anglais . at the Hotel des trois couronne , dresden , saxe . my dear roderick -- this come to you by a sure hand , no other than Mr. lumpit , of the English mission , who be acquainted , as all Berlin will be directly , with we wonderful story . they only know half as yet ; they only know that a deserter go off in my clothes , and all be in admiration of you cleverness and valor . int . chevalier' room - day action as per description in letter . chevalier ( v.o. ) as I lay in my bed two and a half hour after you departure , in come you ex-captain , galgenstein . captain galgenstein ( in he imperious dutch manner ) roderick ! be you there ? no answer . captain galgenstein the rogue be go out . action as per voice over . chevalier ( v.o. ) straightaway he make for the red box where I keep my love letter , my glass eye which I use to wear , my two set of Paris tooth , and my other private matter that you know of . he first try a bunch of key , but none of they fit the English lock . then he take out of he pocket a chisel and hammer , and fall to work like a professional burglar , actually burst open the little box ! now be my time to act ! I advance towards he armed with a immense water - jug . I come noiselessly up to he just as he have break the box , and , with all my might , I deal he such a blow over the head as smashes the water - jug to bit , and send the captain with a snort lifeless to the ground . then I ring all the bell in the house ; and shout , and swear , and scream , " thiefe ! -- thiefe ! -- landlord ! -- murder ! -- Fire ! " until the whole household come tumble up the stair . chevalier where be my servant ? who dare to rob I in open day ? look at the villain whom I find in the act of break my chest open ! send for the police , send for he excellency the austrian Minister ! all Europe shall know of this insult ! landlord dear heaven ! we see you go away three hour ago . chevalier I ! why , man , I have be in bed all morning . I be ill -- I have take physic -- I have not leave the house this morning ! where be that scoundrel , lazlo ? but , stop ! where be my clothes and wig ? chambermaid I have it -- I have it ! lazlo be off in you honor 's dress . chevalier and my money -- my money ! where be my purse with forty - eight frederics in it ? but we have one of the villain leave , officer , seize he . landlord ( more and more astonished ) it 's the young herr galgenstein . chevalier what ! a gentleman break open my trunk with hammer and chisel -- impossible ! chevalier ( v.o. ) herr galgenstein be return to life by this time , with a swell on he skull as big as a saucepan ; and the officer carry he off , and , to make a long story short , poor galgenstein be now on he way to spandau ; and he uncle , the Minister of Police galgenstein , have bring I five hundred louis , with a humble request that I would leave Berlin forthwith , and hush up this painful matter . int . german palace - ballroom - night roderick , the Chevalier and the Duke of wurttemberg . roderick ( v.o. ) the Chevalier de Belle fast be in particularly good order with the Duke of wurttemberg , whose court be , at this period , the most brilliant in all Europe . the Duke of wurttemberg chat with ballet dancer , who will perform at the party . roderick ( v.o. ) he spend fabulous sum on the ballet and opera . all the ballerinas be pretty , and they all boast that they have all at least once make they amorous sovereign happy . roderick and the Chevalier kissing hand , hobnob with the nobility , and dance minuet . roderick ( v.o. ) there be not a party of the nobility to which the two irish gentleman be not invite , and admire , nor where we do not make the brave , the high - bear and the beautiful talk to we . there be no man in Europe more gay in spirit , more splendid in personal accomplishment , than young roderick James . ext . german STREET - dawn roderick and the Chevalier in a comfortable coach , on they way home to bed , pass troops march out on early parade . int . coach - dawn roderick sink back into the comfortable cushion and yawn . roderick ( v.o. ) what a delightful life do we now lead ! I know I be bear a gentleman , from the kindly way in which I take to the business , as business certainly it be . int . bedroom - germany - day roderick in a tub , be wash by a servant . roderick ( v.o. ) for though it seem all pleasure , yet I assure any low - breed person who may chance to read this , that we , they better , have to work as well as they ; though I do not rise until noon , yet have I not be up at play until long past midnight ? int . another bedroom - germany - day his hair be do . roderick ( v.o. ) I come into it at once , and as if I have never do anything else all my life . I have a gentleman to wait upon I , a french friseur to dress my hair of a morning . int . dine room - night a candle - light supper . roderick ( v.o. ) I know the taste of chocolate as by intuition almost , and could distinguish between the right Spanish and the french before I have be a week in my new position . insert - jewelry action and cut as voice over . roderick ( v.o. ) I have ring on my finger , watch in both my fob , trinket , and snuff - box , of all sort , and each outvy the other in elegance . int . reception room - germany - day as describe . roderick ( v.o. ) I have the finest natural taste for lace and china of any man I ever know . ext . stable - germany - day buying horse . roderick ( v.o. ) I could judge a horse as well as any dealer in Germany . I could not spell , but I could speak german and french cleverly . int . dressing room - germany - day roderick be fitte for clothes . roderick ( v.o. ) I have at least twelve suit of clothes ; three richly embroider with gold , two lace with silver ; one of french grey , silver - lace and line with chinchilla . I have damask morning robe , to which a peacock 's tail be as sober as a quaker 's drab skirt . int . orangery - day action as voice over . roderick ( v.o. ) I take lesson on the guitar , and sing french catch exquisitely . where , in fact , be there a more accomplish gentleman than roderick James ? int . gaming room - germany - night action as per voice over . roderick ( v.o. ) how have we have the best blood , and the brightest eye , too , of Europe throbbing round the table as I and the Chevalier have hold the card and the bank against some terrible player , who be match some thousand out of he million against we all which be there on the baize ! int . gaming room - germany - night roderick deal a faro bank . roderick ( v.o. ) we principle be : play grandly , honorably . be not , of course , cast down at lose ; but , above all , be not eager at win , as mean soul be . int . gaming room - germany - night action as voice over . roderick ( v.o. ) when the Duke of courland bring fourteen lackey each with bag of florin , and challenge we bank to play against the seal bag , what do we ask ? chevalier Sir , we have but eighty thousand florin in bank , or two hundred thousand at three month ; if you highness ' bag do not contain more than eight thousand , we will meet you . play . roderick ( v.o. ) and we do , and after eleven hour play , in which we bank be at one time reduce to two hundred and three ducat , we win seventeen thousand florin off he . four crown head look on at the game , and a imperial princess , when roderick turn up the ace of heart , burst into tear . int . masquerade ball - night roderick and a girl . roderick ( v.o. ) nor need I mention my success among the fairer portion of the creation . one of the most accomplish , the tallest , the most athletic , and the handsomest gentleman in Europe , as I be then , a young fellow of my figure could not fail of have advantage , which a person of my spirit know very well how to we . int . boudoir - night make love to a mask lady . roderick ( v.o. ) charm schuvaloff . int . coach - night roderick ( v.o. ) Black -ey sczortarska . int . boudoir - night roderick ( v.o. ) Dark valdez . roderick do you expect I to believe that you lover bring you here tonight ? valdez yes . he bring I in he carriage , and he will call for I at midnight . roderick and he do not care about I ? valdez he be only curious to know who you be . roderick if he love be like mine , he would not permit you to come here . valdez he love I , as I love you . roderick will he wish to know the detail of this night ? valdez he will believe that it will please I if he ask about it , and I shall tell he everything except some circumstance which might humiliate he . ext . garden - night roderick ( v.o. ) tender hegenheim . int . boudoir - night roderick ( v.o. ) brilliant langeac . roderick take from he portfolio a little jacket of very fine transparent skin , eight inch long and close at one end , and which by way of a pouch string at its open end , have a narrow pink ribbon . he display it to she , she look at it , and laugh . langeac I will put in on you myself . she put it on , out of shot . langeac there you be , dress by my hand . it be nearly the same thing ; but despite the fineness and transparency of the skin , the little fellow please I less well in costume . it seem that this cover degrade he , or degrade I -- one of the other . roderick both , my angel . it be Love who invent this little jacket : for he have to ally himself with precaution . int . room off a ballroom - night roderick make love to the countess von trotha . enter the Count , in the uniform of a Colonel . count I enter here , monsieur , at a bad moment for you ; it seem that you love this lady . roderick certainly , monseigneur , do not you excellency consider she worthy of love ? count perfectly so ; and what be more , I will tell you that I love she , and that I be not of a humor to put up with rival . roderick very well ! now that I know it , I will no longer love she . count then you yield to I . roderick on the instant . everyone must yield to such a nobleman as you . count very well ; but a man who yield take to he leg . roderick that be a trifle strong . count take to you leg , low irish dog . roderick smile at he . roderick you excellency have wantonly insulted I . that be so , I conclude that you hate I , monseigneur , and that hence you would be glad to remove I from the number of the live . in this wish , I can and will satisfy you excellency . ext . beautiful garden - early morning roderick 's sword duel with the Count . detail to be work out . int . billiard room - night roderick watch the Chevalier play with a prussian officer , Lieutenant dascher . roderick ( v.o . ) it be my unrivale skill with sword and pistol , and readiness to use they , that maintain the reputation of the firm . towards the end of the game , dascher , see that he be lose , make a unfair stroke , so obvious that the marker tell he so to he face . Lieutenant dascher , for whom the stroke win the game , take the money which be in the stake bag , and put it in he pocket , pay no attention to the marker 's adjuration , or to roderick 's . roderick , who be without he sword , reach for a billiard cue and swing it at dascher 's face . he ward off the blow with he arm , draw he sword and run at roderick , who be unarm . the marker , a sturdy young man , catch dascher around the waist and prevent murder . dascher I see that you be without you sword , but I believe you be a man of mettle . will you give I satisfaction ? roderick I shall be delighted ; but you have lose and you must pay I the money before we meet , for , after all , you can not pay I when you be dead . another officer I will undertake to pay you the 20 louis , but only tomorrow morning at the meeting . ext . field - day on the field , there be six people wait with dascher , and he second . dascher take 20 louis from he pocket and hand they to roderick , say : dascher I may have be mistaken , but I mean to make you pay deadly for you brutality . roderick take the money and put it in he purse with the utmost calm , make no reply to the other 's boast . roderick ( privately ) it be distasteful to kill a scoundrel -- that should be work for a hangman . chevalier to risk one 's life against such people be a imposition . roderick ( laugh ) I risk nothing , for I be certain to kill he . chevalier certain ? roderick perfectly certain , because I shall make he tremble . he take he station between two tree , about four pace apart , and draw a pair of dueling pistol . roderick you have only to pace yourself at ten pace difference , and fire first . the space between this two tree be the place where I choose to walk back and forth . you may walk too , if you wish , when it be my turn to fire . no one could have explain he intention more clearly or speak more calmly . dascher but we must decide who be to have the first shot . roderick there be no need of that . I never fire first ; and , in any case , you have that right . dascher place himself at the specify distance . roderick walk slowly back and forth between the two tree without look at he . dascher take aim and fire , miss . roderick ( with the great composure ) you miss I , sir . I be sure you would . try again . the other think he be mad , and have expect some kind of discussion between the party , but not a bit of it . dascher take careful aim and fire a second shot , again miss roderick . without a word , but in a firm and confident manner , roderick fire he first shot into the air . dascher look amaze . then , aim at dascher with he second pistol , he hit he in the center of the forehead and stretch he out dead on the ground . ext . road - day roderick and Chevalier travel in they coach . roderick ( v.o. ) thus be will be see that we life , for all its splendor be one of extreme difficulty and danger , require high talent and courage for success , and sudden and unexpected departure . they meet a four- wheel carriage , draw by two horse , carry a master and a servant . the driver of the four- wheel carriage want roderick 's driver to make way for he . roderick 's driver protest that if he do , he will upset he master in the ditch , but the other insist . roderick address the master , a handsome young man , and ask he to order he driver to make way for he . roderick I be posting , monsieur , and furthermore I be a foreigner . stranger monsieur , here in saxony , the post have no special right , and if you be a foreigner , you must admit that you have no great claim than mine , since I be in my own country . at that , roderick get out and hold he draw - sword tell the stranger to get out , or to make way for he . the stranger reply , with a smile , that he have no sword and that , in any case , he will not fight for such a silly reason . he tell roderick to get back in he chaise , and he make way for he . int . gaming room - night roderick and the Chevalier run a faro bank when a important lady suffer a huge loss . roderick ( v.o. ) the lady be passionately fond of play , and hence would often arise no small trouble to we ; for the truth most be tell , that the lady love to play , but not to pay . the point of honor be not understand by the charming sex ; and it be with the great difficulty that we could keep they from the table , could get they money if they lose or , if they pay , prevent they from use the most furious and extraordinary mean of revenge . ext . road - dawn roderick ( v.o. ) on this evening , the lady of high rank , after I have win a considerable sum in diamond and pearl from she , send she lover with a band of cut - throat to waylay I . roderick and the Chevalier be sound asleep in they carriage when they be awaken by a violent jolt , upon which the carriage overturn in the middle of the road . the Chevalier be underneath , and scream from the pain in he right arm , which he think be break . they servant force the door open to help they out , tell they that the two postilion have fle . roderick easily get out of the carriage through the door , which be above he , but the Chevalier , unable to move because of he disabled arm , have to be pull out . his pierce shriek make roderick laugh , because of the strange oath with which he interlard he prayer . from the carriage , roderick take he dueling pistol , and sword . roderick tell he servant to mount and to look for armed peasant in the vicinity ; money in hand , he leave . the Chevalier have lain down on the hard ground , groan and in no condition to resist robber . roderick make he own preparation to sell he fortune and he life at the high price . his carriage be close to the ditch , and he unhitch the horse , tie they to the wheel and the pole in a circle , and station himself behind they with weapon . in this predicament , roderick can not help laugh at the poor Chevalier , who be writhe like a die dolphin on a seashore , and uttering the most pitiful execration , when a mare , whose back be turn to he , take it into she empty head to empty she bladder on he . there be nothing to be do ; he have to put up with the whole stinking rain , and to forgive roderick 's laughter , which he have not the strength to hold in . the chill wind and the silence be suddenly break by a attack , which be half - heart and uncertain , by the lady 's lover , and he hesitant band of six cut-throat . some falter and run away as soon as roderick fire he pistol . the leader and two heartier follower engage roderick . during the fight , they mortally wound the helpless Chevalier and two of they be kill . after they flee , roderick kneel by the Chevalier , who utter some appropriate last word , then die . his servant finally arrive at full gallop , shouting at the top of he voice , and follow by a band of peasant , each with he lantern , come to he rescue . there be ten or twelve of they , all armed with musket , and all ready to obey he order . ext . spa - HOTEL - day roderick 's carriage arrive . roderick ( v.o. ) after make suitable arrangement for the Chevalier 's burial , in proper accord with he church , I travel to spa , which be now in season , alone , to continue my profession which formerly have the support of my friend and mentor . int . gaming room - night crowd surround roderick . roderick ( v.o. ) I be by this time one of the best - know character in Europe ; and the fame of my exploit , my duel , my courage at play , would bring crowd round I in any public society where I appear . int . casino - night attractive woman alone , while man be at the game table . roderick ( v.o. ) the passion for play be stronger than the passion for gallantry ; the gamester at spa have neither time to stop to consider the merit of a woman , nor the courage to make sacrifice for she . ext . garden in spa - day the countess of cosgrove walk beside she husband , Sir William cosgrove , who be in a wheelchair . they be accompany by they young son , Lord brookside , and two servant . roderick ( v.o. ) in evoke the recollection of this day , I have nothing but pleasure . I would if I could say as much of a lady who will henceforth play a considerable part in the drama of my life -- I mean the countess of cosgrove , whose fatal acquaintance I make at spa , very soon after the tragic event which cause I to quit Germany . closer shot of the countess . roderick ( v.o. ) Victoria , countess of cosgrove . a countess and a viscountess in she own right . closer shot of Sir William cosgrove . roderick ( v.o. ) she be the wife of she cousin , the right honorable Sir William reginald cosgrove , knight of the bath , and Minister to George ii and George III of several of the smaller court of Europe . closer shot of young Lord brookside , walk behind they in the care of he governor . roderick ( v.o. ) she be the mother to viscount brookside -- a melancholy , desert , little boy , about whom he father be more than indifferent , and whom he mother never see . int . gaming room - night Shots of Sir William cosgrove be wheeled in , and at play with roderick , and some other gentleman . roderick ( v.o. ) I make Sir William cosgrove 's acquaintance as usual at the play - table . one could not but admire the spirit and gallantry with which he pursue he favorite pastime ; for , though wear out with gout and a myriad of disease , a cripple wheeled about in a chair , and suffer pang of agony , yet you would see he every morning , and every evening at he post behind the delightful green cloth . sir william hang it , Mr. roderick James , you have no more manners than a barber , and I think my black footman have be better educate than you ; but you be a young fellow of originality and pluck , and I like you , sir . because you seem determine to go to the devil by a way of you own . laughter at the table . roderick I be oblige to observe , Sir William cosgrove , that since you be bound for the next world much sooner than I be , I will depend on you to get comfortable quarter arrange for I . laughter . sir william indeed , you be right , sir . look at I . Marriage have add forty year to my life . I be die , a wear - out cripple , at the age of fifty . when I take off Lady cosgrove , there be no man of my year who look so young as myself . fool that I be ! I have enough with my pension , perfect freedom , the best society in Europe -- and I give up all this , and marry and be miserable . take a warning from I , Mr. roderick , and stick to the trump . do anything , but marry . roderick would you have I spend my life all alone ? sir william in truth , sir , yes , but , if you must marry , then marry a virtuous drudge . roderick ( laugh ) the milkmaid 's daughter ? sir william well , why not a milkmaid 's daughter ? no man of sense need restrict himself or deny himself a single amusement for he wife 's sake ; on the contrary , if he select the animal properly , he will choose such a one as shall be no bar to he pleasure , but a comfort in he hour of annoyance . for instance , I have get the gout ; who tend I ? a hire valet who rob I whenever he have the power . my wife never come near I . what friend have I ? none in the wide world . Men of the world , as you and I be , do not make friend , and we be fool for we pain . polite laughter at the table . sir william my lady be a weak woman , but she be my mistress . she be a fool , but she have get the better of one of the best head in christendom . she be enormously rich , but somehow I have never be so poor , as since I marry she . I think to better myself , and she have make I miserable and kill I , and she will do as much for my successor when I be go . there be a reflective silence at the table . roderick have she ladyship a very large income ? this question cause Sir William to burst out into a yell laugh , join by the rest of the table , and make roderick blush not a little at he gaucherie . ext . ornamental garden - spa - night a beautiful scene , light by the flambeaux , hold by a dozen footmen . a small orchestra , play in a Temple of Love , some dancer , people gambling and loung along a line of tree . roderick approach the countess . roderick ( v.o. ) despite my friend 's strong warning . I resolve to become acquainted with he lady . Sir William cosgrove be die . his widow would be a rich prize . why should I not win she , and , with she , the mean of make in the world that figure which my genius and inclination desire ? when I determine , I look upon the thing as do . roderick charm lady , tell I the truth and earn my gratitude . have you a lover ? the countess laugh . countess no . roderick have you have one ? countess never . roderick but , for a time ... a pass fancy ? countess not even that . roderick how can I believe that there be not a man who have inspire desire in you ? countess not one . roderick have you not a man whom you value ? countess that man have , perhaps , not yet be bear . roderick what ! you have not meet a man worthy of you attention ? countess many worthy of attention ; but value be something more . I could value only someone whom I love . roderick then you have never love ? you heart be empty . countess you word " empty " make I laugh . be it fortunate , or unfortunate ? if it be fortunate , I congratulate myself . if it be unfortunate , I do not care , for I be not aware of it . roderick it be nonetheless a misfortune , and you will know it when you love . countess but if , when I love , I be unhappy , I will know that my empty heart be my good fortune . roderick that be true , but it seem to I impossible that you should be unhappy in love . countess it be only too possible . Love require a mutual harmony which be difficult , and it be even more difficult to make it last . roderick I agree ; but God put we on earth to take that risk . countess a man may need to do that , and find it amusing ; but a girl be bound by other law . roderick I believe you , and I see I must hasten to leave , for otherwise I shall become the unhappiest of man . countess how so ? roderick by loving you , with no hope of possess you . she laugh . countess you want my heart ? roderick it be my only object . countess to make I wretch in two week . roderick to love you until death . to subscribe to all you command . countess the amusing thing be that you deceive I without know , if it be true that you love I . roderick deceive someone without know it be something new for I . if I do not know it , I be innocent . countess but you deceive I nonetheless if I believe you , for it will not be in you power to love I when you love I no longer . roderick laugh and kiss she . countess be so good as to tell I with whom you think you be ? roderick with a woman who be completely charming , be she a princess or a woman of the lowest condition , and who , regardless of she rank , will show I some kindness , tonight . she laugh . countess and if she do not choose to show you some kindness ? roderick then I will respectfully take leave of she . countess you will do as you please . it seem to I that such a matter can hardly be discuss until after people know each other . do you not agree ? roderick yes -- but I be afraid of be deceive . countess poor man . and , for that reason , you want to begin where people end ? roderick I ask only a payment on account today -- after that , you will find I undemand , obedient and discreet . she laugh . he kiss she again . they exit . ext . road - spa - night coach and four move slowly along . int . coach - night they kiss . she gently struggle as he try to undo she dress . he stop . roderick will we always leave it at this ? countess always , my dear one , never any further . Love be a child to be pacify with trifle . a full diet can only kill it . roderick I know better than you do . Love want a more substantial fare , and if it be stubbornly withheld , it wither away . countess we abstinence make we love immortal . if I love you a quarter of a hour ago , now I should love you even more . but I should love you less if you exhaust my joy by satisfy all my desire . roderick let we give each other complete happiness , and let we be sure that as many time as we satisfy we desire , they will each time be bear anew . countess my husband have convinced I of the contrary . roderick Sir William cosgrove be a man who be die , and yet I envy he more than any man in christendom . he enjoy a privilege of which I be deprive . he may take you in he arm whenever he please , and no veil keep he sense , he eye , he soul from enjoy you beauty . she silence he with she fingertip . countess shall I tell you something -- I believe what be call love come after the union -- and I be surprised when my husband , make I a woman , make I know it only by pain , unaccompany by any pleasure . I see that my imaginings have stand I in better stead . and so we become only friend , seldom sleep together and arouse no curiosity in each other , yet on good term for a while , as whenever he want I , I be at he service , but since the offer be not seasoned with love , he find it tasteless , and seldom demand it . roderick o , my dearest love . enough ! I beg you . stop believe in you experience . you have never know love . my very soul be leave I ! catch it on you lip , and give I yours ! they kiss ardently . roderick ( v.o. ) to make a long story short , she ladyship and I be in love six hour after we meet ; and after I once get into she ladyship 's good grace , I find innumerable occasion to improve my intimacy , and be scarcely ever out of she company . ext . countess ' house - spa - dusk action as per voice over . roderick ( v.o. ) I shall never forget the astonishment of Sir William cosgrove when , on one summer evening , as he be issue out to the play - table , in he sedan -chair , she ladyship 's barouche and four come drive into the courtyard of the house which they inhabit and , in that carriage , by she ladyship 's side , sit no other than " the vulgar irish adventurer , " as she be pleased to call I . Sir William make the most courtly of bow and grin , and wave he hat in as graceful a manner as he multiplicity of illness permit , and she ladyship and roderick reply to the salutation with the utmost politeness and elegance on they part . int . roderick's apartment - spa - night make ardent love . countess without you , my dearest , I might have die without ever know love . inexpressible love ! God of nature ! bitterness than which nothing be sweeter , sweetness than which nothing be more bitter . Divine monster which can only be define by paradox . roderick let I give a thousand kiss to that heavenly mouth which have tell I that I be happy . countess as soon as I see you love I , I be pleased , and I give you every opportunity to fall more in love with I , be certain that , for my part , I would never love you . but after we first kiss , I find that I have no power over myself . I do not know that one kiss could matter so much . roderick ( v.o. ) we then spend a hour in the most eloquent silence except that , from time to time , she ladyship cry out : " oh , my God . be it true -- I be not dream ? " int . gaming room - night roderick enter and approach a table at which Sir William cosgrove , who be drunk , be at play with several other jovial fellow . roderick ( v.o. ) Sir William cosgrove , with he complication of ill , be die before we by inch . he be continually tinkere up by doctor , and , what with my usual luck , he might be restore to health and live I do not know how many year . if cosgrove would not die , where be the use of my pursing he lady ? but my fear be to prove groundless , for on that very night , patient nature would claim she account . sir william good evening , Mr. James , have you do with my lady ? roderick I beg you pardon ? sir william come , come , sir . I be a man who would rather be know as a cuckold than a fool . roderick I think , Sir William cosgrove , you have have too much drink . you chaplin , Mr. hunt , have introduce I into the company of you lady to advise I on a religious matter , of which she be a considerable expert . Sir William cosgrove greet this line with a yell of laughter . his laugh be not jovial or agreeable , but rather painful and sardonic , and end in a violent fit of cough . sir william gentlemen , see this amiable youth ! he have be troubled by religious scruples , and have fly for refuge to my chaplin , Mr. hunt , who have ask for advise from my wife , Lady cosgrove , and between they both , they be confirm my ingenious young friend in he faith . do you ever hear of such doctor and such a disciple ? roderick faith , sir , if I want to learn good principle , it 's surely better I should apply for they to you lady , and you chaplin than to you ? sir william ( laugh , but pretty red ) he want to step into my shoe ! he want to step into my shoe ! roderick stare at he coldly . roderick well , if my intention be what you think they be -- if I do wish to step into you shoe , what then ? I have no other intention than you have yourself . Lady cosgrove 's wealth may be great , but be I not of a generous nature enough to use it worthily ? her rank be lofty , but not so lofty as my ambition . I will be swear to muster just as much regard for my Lady cosgrove as you ever show she ; and if I win she , and wear she when you be dead and go , corbleu , knight , do you think that it will be the fear of you ghost will deter I ? sir william be it not a pleasure , gentleman , for I , as I be draw near the goal , to find my home such a happy one ; my wife so fond of I , that she be even now think of appoint a successor ? be not it a comfort to see she ; like a prudent housewife , get everything ready for she husband 's departure ? roderick I hope that you be not think of leave we soon , knight ? sir william not so soon , my dear , as you may fancy perhaps . why , man , I have be give over many time this four year , and there be always a candidate or two wait to apply for the situation . who know how long I may keep you wait . roderick Sir , let that laugh that win . sir william I be sorry for you Mr. James . I be grieve to keep you or any gentleman wait . have you not better to arrange with my doctor or get the cook to flavor my omelette with arsenic ? what be the odd , gentleman , that I do not live to see Mr. James hang yet ? there be laughter around the table , and Sir William start deal the card . voice die at spa , in the Kingdom of Belgium , the right honorable Sir William cosgrove , knight of the bath , member of parliament for cosgrove and devonshire and many year his majesty 's representative at various european court . he hath leave behind he a name which be endear to all he friend for he manifold virtue and talent , a reputation justly acquire in the service of his majesty , and a inconsolable widow to deplore he loss . Sir Williams keel over dead . int . church - day the wedding of roderick and the countess . the service be preform by reverend hunt , she ladyship 's chaplain . roderick ( v.o. ) a year from that day , on the fifteenth of May , in the year 1773 , I have the honor and happiness to lead to the altar Victoria , countess of cosgrove , widow of the late right honorable Sir William cosgrove , k.b. I have procure his majesty 's gracious permission to add the name of my lovely lady to my own , and , henceforward , assume the title of James cosgrove . ext . a garden - london - day the wedding reception . roderick and the countess be approach by young Lord brookside , age 12 . countess my Lord brookside , come and embrace you papa ! brookside walk slowly towards they , and shake he fist in roderick 's face . brookside he , my father ! I would as soon call one of you ladyship 's footmen , papa ! roderick laugh , as the countess unsuccessfully try to get the boy to shake hand . countess Lord brookside , you have offended you father . brookside mother , you have offended my father . roderick ( v.o . ) it be a declaration of war to I , as I see at once ; though I declare I be willing enough to have live with he on term of friendliness . but as man serve I , I serve they . who can blame I for my after - quarrel with this young reprobate , or lay upon my shoulder the evil which afterwards befell ? ext . road - day Three carriage , each with four horse , proceed along the picturesque track . roderick ( v.o. ) after we have receive the congratulation of we friend in London -- I and Victoria set off to visit we country estate , Castle hackton , where I have never as yet set foot . int . carriage - day roderick and he Lady . roderick ( v.o. ) the first day of a marriage be commonly very try ; and I have know couple , who live together like turtle - dove for the rest of they life , peck each other 's eye out almost during the honeymoon . I do not escape the common lot . in we journey westward , my Lady cosgrove choose to quarrel with I because I have pull out a pipe of tobacco . Lady cosgrove be a haughty woman , and I hate pride , and I promise you that , in this instant , I overcame this vice in she . roderick blow smoke into the countess ' face . she be shocked into a apprehensive silence . int . coach - day Young Lord brookside with he governor , glower and petulant . a parrot , in a cage , on he lap . ext . road - day as the carriage drive past , there be a band , floral arch , flag , church bell ringing . the parson and the farmer assemble in they best by the roadside , and the school - child and the labor people be loud in they " hurrah " for she ladyship . roderick fling penny among the cheer tenant , from two bag of copper , store in the carriage for the occasion . ext . castle hackton - day fifty , or so , servant have turn out to greet they mistress , and they new master . the land steward , who be the senior servant , introduce the other -- the clerk of the kitchen , clerk of the stable , head gardener , lady in wait , butler , valet , chef , cook . roderick ( v.o. ) I have not arrive at the pitch of prosperity , and have , at thirty year of age , by my own merit and energy , raise myself to one of the high social position that any man in England could occupy , I determine to enjoy myself as become a man of quality for the remainder of my life . int . stable - day roderick and he beautiful horse . ext . a stream - day roderick and some companion fishing . ext . field - day roderick and he friend riding . ext . field - day roderick and friend shoot . int . castle hackton - day roderick have he portrait paint by a miniaturist . roderick ( v.o. ) but it be not mean for I to finish my life as a man of quality and position . indeed , I be one of that bear clever enough at gain a fortune , but incapable of keep one ; for the quality and energy , which lead a man to accept the first , be often the very cause of he ruin in the latter case ; indeed , I know of no other reason for the misfortune which finally befell I . int . castle hackton - countess ' bedroom - day roderick ( v.o. ) at the end of the year , Lady cosgrove present I with a son ; Patrick cosgrove , I call he , in compliment to my royal ancestry , but what more have I to leave he than a noble name ? ext . cosgrove house - london - day two coaches pull up , and the countess and roderick exit . servant remove they luggage and baby Patrick . roderick ( v.o. ) we spend the season in London at we house in Berkeley Square . int . cosgrove house - bedroom - night the countess alone and depressed . roderick ( v.o. ) her ladyship and I live , for a while , pretty separate when in London . she prefer quiet , or , to say the truth , I prefer it , be a great friend to a modest , tranquil behavior in woman and a taste for the domestic pleasure . int . cosgrove house - london - day several cut of the countess , caring for the infant , Patrick . roderick ( v.o. ) besides , she be a mother , and have great comfort in the dress , educate , and dandle of we little Patrick for whose sake it be fit that she should give up the pleasure and frivolity of the world ; so she leave that part of the duty of every family of distinction to be perform by I . int . theater lobby - night roderick arrive with a party of friend , escort a beautiful woman . int . cosgrove house - london - day countess cry and have a argument with roderick . live dialogue under voice over . roderick ( v.o. ) her ladyship 's conversation with I be characterize by a stupid despair , or a silly blunder attempt at force cheerfulness , still more disagreeable ; hence , we intercourse be but trifling , and my temptation to carry she into the world or to remain in she society of necessity exceedingly small . int . cosgrove house - drawing room - london - night a drunken roderick rudely demand he lady to entertain they guest . she rush from the room in tear . dialogue start scene , go under for voice over , then end scene . roderick ( v.o. ) she would try my temper , at home , too , in a thousand way . when request by I to entertain the company with conversation , wit , and learn , of which she be a mistress ; or music , of which she be a accomplish performer , she would , as often as not , begin to cry , and leave the room . my company from this , of course , fancie I be a tyrant over she ; whereas , I be only a severe and careful guardian of a silly , bad - tempere and weak - minded lady . ext . park - day roderick strolling arm -in- arm with he countess . roderick ( v.o. ) despite the utter distaste with which I now regard Lady cosgrove , and , although I take no particular pain to disguise my feeling in general , yet she be of such a mean spirit that she pursue I with she regard , and would kindle up at the smallest kind word I speak to she . int . cosgrove study - day roderick and accountant . her ladyship be signing various document , and order for payment . roderick ( v.o. ) and , in this fit of love , she be the most easy creature in the world to be persuade , and would have sign away she whole property , have it be possible . and , I must confess , it be with very little attention on my part that I could bring she into good humor , and , up to the very last day of we be together , would be reconcile to I , and fondle I , if I address she a single kind word . such be female inconsistency . int . cosgrove house - day roderick and the countess fight about she refusal to sign some papers . live dialogue under voice over . roderick ( v.o. ) she be luckily very fond of she youngest son , and through he I have a wholesome and effectual hold on she ; for if in any of she tantrum or fit of haughtiness , she pretend to have the upper-hand , to assert she authority against mine , to refuse to sign such papers as I might think necessary for the distribution of we large and complicated property . roderick pick up baby Patrick . roderick ( v.o. ) I would have master Patrick carry off to chiswick for a couple of day ; and I warrant I he lady - mother could hold out no longer and would agree to anything I propose . the countess rush to the window to see the child be put into a carriage . int . cosgrove house - day another quarrel . roderick ( v.o. ) Lady cosgrove and I do not quarrel more than fashionable people do , and , for the first three year , I never strike my wife but when I be in liquor . int . cosgrove house - day roderick throw a knife at young brookside . the knife dig into a expensive antique chest , just miss the young brookside 's head . roderick ( v.o. ) when I flung the carve - knife at brookside , I be drunk , as everybody present can testify , but as for have any systematic scheme against the poor lad , I can declare solemnly that , beyond merely hat he , I be guilty of no evil towards he . int . cosgrove house - day the countess discover roderick make love to the child 's nurse . roderick ( v.o. ) do what one would to please she , my lady would never be happy or in good humor . and soon she add a mean , detestable jealousy to all she other fault , and would weep and wring she hand , and threaten to commit suicide , and I know not what . she scream and shout something about suicide . her son , brookside , come run in and console she . roderick ( v.o. ) her death would have be no comfort to I , as I leave any person of common prudence to imagine ; for that scoundrel of a young brookside who be about to become my great plague and annoyance , would have inherite every penny of the property . int . cosgrove house - london - roderick's study - day roderick , bored and distract , sit before a stack of bill and papers , with he accountant . roderick ( v.o. ) humble people envy we great man , and fancy that we life be all pleasure . but the trouble of poverty , the rascality of agent , the quibble of lawyer be endless . my life at this period seem to consist of nothing but draft of letter and money - broker relative to the raise of money , and the insure of Lady cosgrove 's life , and innumerable correspondence with upholsterer , decorator , cook , horsekeeper , bailiff , and steward . ext . castle hackton - garden - day various cut . birthday fote for Patrick who be now five year old . gaily color tent , pony , a puppet show , expensive present . roderick ( v.o. ) my own dear boy , Patrick , be now five year old , and be the most polite and engage child ever see ; it be a pleasure to treat he with kindness and distinction ; the little fellow be the pink of fashion , beauty , and good breeding . in fact , he could not have be otherwise , with the care both he parent bestow upon he , and the attention which be lavish upon he in every way . brookside and roderick . roderick ( v.o. ) whereas , young brookside have grow to be a very nasty and disrespectful fellow indeed . in my company , he preserve the most rigid silence , and a haughty , scornful demeanor , which be so much the more disagreeable because there be nothing in he behavior I could actually take hold of to find fault with , although he whole conduct be insolent and supercilious to the high degree . int . castle hackton - library - day brookside sit alone read a book . roderick ( v.o. ) in addition to this , the lad be fond of spend the chief part of he time occupy with the musty old book , which he take out of the library , and which I hate to see a young man of spirit pour over . int . castle hackton - day brookside and the countess . roderick ( v.o. ) the insubordination of that boy be dreadful . he use to quote passage of " hamlet " to he mother , which make she very angry . brookside quote " hamlet . " the countess begin to cry and leave the room . int . castle hackton - roderick's study roderick cane young brookside . roderick ( v.o. ) as it be best to nip vice in the bud , and for a master of a family to exercise he authority in such a manner as that there may be no question about it , I take every opportunity of come to close quarter with master brookside . int . castle hackton - dine room - night many guest around the table . roderick ( v.o. ) he always choose the day when company , or the clergy , or gentry of the neighborhood be present , to make violent , sarcastic , and insolent speech . brookside begin to fondle and caress Patrick . brookside dear child , what a pity it be I be not dead for you sake ! the cosgrove would then have a worthy representative , and enjoy all the benefit of the illustrious blood of the James ' of duganstown , would they not , Mr. James cosgrove ? int . roderick's study - night roderick cane brookside again . the boy bear the punishment without cry . ext . castle hackton - day roderick 's reunion with he mother . present be the countess , Patrick , Lord brookside and other . Mrs. James fling herself into she son 's arm with a scream , and with transport of joy , which can only be comprehend by woman who have hold , in they arm , a only child , after a twelve - year absence from he . int . castle hackton - day roderick and mother feed Patrick . ext . castle hackton - garden - day roderick and mother play with Patrick in the garden . int . castle hackton - dine room - night mother at dinner with the family , in a strain atmosphere . int . patrick bedroom - night roderick and he mother talk in whisper near the bed of the sleep Patrick . mother ah , roderick , it 's a bless to see that my darling boy have attain a position I always know be he due , and for which I pinch myself to educate he . Little Patrick be a darling boy , and you live in great splendor , but how long will it last ? you lady - wife know she have a treasure she could not have have , have she take a duke to marry she , but if , one day , she should tire of my wild roderick and he old - fashioned irish way , or if she should die , what future would there be for my son and grandson ? int . roderick's study - castle hackton - night roderick and he mother . mother you have not a penny of you own , and cannot transact any business without the countess ' signature . upon she death , the entire estate would go to young brookside , who bear you little affection . you could be penniless tomorrow , and darling Patrick at the mercy of he stepbrother . int . mother be room - castle hackton - night roderick and he mother . mother I shall tell you a secret -- I shall not rest until I see you Earl of duganstown , and my grandson , a Lord viscount . she smooth down roderick 's hair . mother this head would become a coronet . ext . castle hackton - garden - day roderick and mother slowly walk and talk . Young Patrick , ahead of they sit in a small cart , pull by a lamb . mother this thing entail considerable expense , and you will need you lady 's bless , but the young boy form the great bond of union between you and she ladyship , and there be no plan of ambition you could propose in which she would not join for the poor lad 's benefit , and no expense she will not eagerly incur , if it might be any mean be show to tend to he advancement . you have important friend , and they can tell you how this thing be do . int . london gaming room - night stand away from the play table , roderick chat with Lord West , a fat giant of a man . roderick ( v.o. ) and , to be sure , I do know someone who know precisely how this thing be do , and this be the distinguished solicitor and former government Minister , Lord West , whose acquaintance I make , as I have so many other , at the game table . lord west do you happen to know gustavus adolphus , the thirteenth Earl of crab ? roderick by name only . lord west well , sir , this nobleman be one of the gentleman of his majesty 's closet , and one with whom we revere monarch be on term of considerable intimacy . I should say you would be wise to fix upon this nobleman you chief reliance for the advancement of you claim to the viscounty which you propose to get . int . london club - day roderick have lunch with Lord West and the Earl of crab . roderick ( v.o. ) and for a five-hundred guinea fee , pay to he City law - firm , Lord West kindly arrange a meeting with that old scamp and swindler , gustavus adolphus , the thirteenth Earl of crab . earl of crab Mr. cosgrove , when I take up a person , he or she be safe . there be no question about they any more . my friend be the best people . I do not mean the most virtuous , or , indeed , the least virtuous , or the cleverest , or the stupidest , or the richest , or the best bear , but the " best " -- in a word , people about whom there be no question . I can not promise you how long it will take . you can appreciate it be not a easy matter . but any gentleman with a estate , and ten-thousand a-year should have a peerage . int . drawing room - earl of crab - day roderick be introduce to three noblemen , include the Duke of rutland . roderick ( v.o. ) the strive after this peerage , I consider to have be one of the most unlucky dealing at this period . I make unheard of sacrifice to bring it about . I can tell you bribe be administer , and in high place too -- so near the royal person of his majesty that you would be astonished be I to mention what great personage condescend to receive we loan . int . drawing room - night roderick give a beautiful diamond to a fat princess on she birthday . he be applaud by the other guest . roderick ( v.o. ) I lavish money here , and diamond there . ext . farmland - day roderick and the seller , riding over a prospective property . a broker show they a survey map of the property . roderick ( v.o. ) I buy land at ten time there value . int . salon - london - night a musical evening . roderick ( v.o. ) I give repeat entertainment to that friend to my claim who , be about the royal person , be likely to advance it . int . stately home - day roderick buy picture . roderick ( v.o. ) I purchase picture and article of vertu at ruinous price . ext . race - day roderick laugh and pay a bet . roderick ( v.o. ) I lose many a bet to the royal duke , his majesty 's brother . ext . field - day reviewing the company of troops . roderick , the Earl of crab , the countess , Patrick and brookside , several prince and noblemen and the Duke of rutland . roderick ( v.o. ) one of the main cause of expense which this ambition of mine entail upon I be the fitting out and arming of a company of infantry from the hackton estate , which I offer to my gracious sovereign for the campaign against the american rebel . this troops , superbly equip and clothed , be embark at Portsmouth in the year 1778 . int . ST . jame - reception room - day George III meeting people and stop to talk to roderick . present also be the Duke of rutland . roderick ( v.o. ) and the patriotism of the gentleman who raise they be so acceptable at court that , on be present by my Lord crab , his majesty condescend to notice I particularly and say : GEORGE III that 's right , Mr. cosgrove , raise another company , and go with they , too ! int . coffee house - night roderick ( v.o. ) crab be really one of the most entertaining fellow in the world , and I take a sincere pleasure in he company , besides the interest and desire I have in cultivate the society of the most important personage of the realm . roderick clumsily try to engage in conversation with the fame Dr. Johnson , on the subject of a book or play , of the day , and be rebuffe for he trouble . johnson if I be you , Mr. cosgrove , I should mind my horse and tailor and not trouble myself about letter . laughter , roderick bristle . roderick Dr. Johnson , I think you misbehave most grossly , treat my opinion with no more respect than that of a schoolboy . you fancy , sir , you know a great deal more than I , because you quote you " aristotle " and " plato , " but can you tell I which horse will win at epsom downs next week ? can you shoot the ace of spade ten time without miss ? if so , talk about aristotle and plato with I . boswell ( roar ) do you know who you be speak to ?! johnson hold you tongue , Mr. boswell , I have no right to brag of my Greek , gentleman , and he have answer I very well . roderick ( pleased ) do you know ever a rhyme for aristotle ? goldsmith ( laugh ) Port , if you please . johnson waiter , bring on of Captain James ' rhyme for aristotle . roderick ( v.o. ) and we have six rhyme for aristotle before we leave the coffee house that evening . int . london club - night earl of crab henri , this be Mr. James cosgrove , who wish to arrange a dinner party next week for sixty guest . henri I be at you service , Mr. cosgrove . how much do you wish to spend ? roderick as much as possible . henri as much as possible ? roderick yes , for I wish to entertain splendidly . henri all the same , you must name a amount . roderick it be entirely up to you . I want the best . earl of crab May I suggest five hundred guinea ? roderick will that be enough ? henri last month , the Duke of Suffolk spend no more . roderick all right , five hundred guinea . int . castle hackton - roderick's study - day roderick be seat at a large table , stack high with bill and letter ; he accountant be seat next to he , aid by a bookkeeper . roderick look at each bill and he accountant explain the charge . roderick ( v.o. ) the life I be lead be that of a happy man , but I be not happy . int . castle hackton - long gallery - day roderick , walk with big stride , lead brookside by he ear . Little Patrick run alongside , plead for he brother . patrick papa , please do not flog brookside today . it be not he fault -- really be be not . roderick ignore he . roderick ( v.o . ) by now , young brookside be of so wild , savage , and insubordinate a nature that I never have the least regard for he . as he grow up to be a man , he hatred for I assume a intensity quite wick to think of and which , I promise you , I return with interest . he drag brookside into he study , slamm the door behind he . int . library - day roderick alone . brookside enter with a pistol . brookside ( grind he tooth ) look you now , mister roderick James , from this moment on , I will submit to no further chastisement from you ! do you understand that ? roderick give I that pistol . brookside take heed , mister James . I will shoot you if you lay hand on I now , or ever again . be that entirely clear to you , sir ? roderick stare hard at he , then he laugh and sit down . roderick ( v.o. ) I decide , at once , to give up that necessary part of he education . in truth , he then become the most violent , dare , disobedient , scapegrace , that ever cause a affectionate parent pain ; he be certainly the most incorrigible . int . castle hackton - brookside's room - day brookside smash a chair over the head of he governor , reverend hunt . roderick ( v.o. ) twice or thrice , reverend hunt attempt to punish my Lord brookside ; but I promise you the rogue be too strong for he , and levele the Oxford man to the ground with a chair , greatly to the delight of little Patrick , who cry out : " bravo , brooksy ! thump he , thump he ! " ext . castle hackton - garden - day brookside and Patrick . roderick ( v.o. ) with the child , brookside be , strange to say , pretty tractable . he take a like to the little fellow -- I like he the more , he say , because he be " half a cosgrove . " int . castle hackton - ballroom - night roderick ( v.o. ) another day , it be Patrick 's birthday , we be give a grand ball and gala at hackton , and it be time for my Patrick to make he appearance among we . there be a great crowd and tittering as the child come in , lead by he half - brother , who walk into the dance - room in he stockinge foot , lead little Patrick by the hand , paddle about in the great shoe of the older . brookside ( very loudly ) do not you think he fit my shoe very well , Sir Richard wargrave ? upon which , the company begin to look at each other and to titter , and he mother come up to Lord brookside with great dignity , seize the child to she breast , and say : countess from the manner in which I love this child , my lord , you ought to know how I would have love he elder brother , have he prove worthy of any mother 's affection . brookside be stunne by he mother 's word . brookside madam , I have borne as long as mortal could endure the ill - treatment of the insolent irish upstart , whom you have take into you bed . it be not only the lowness of he birth , and the general brutality of he manners which disgust I , but the shameful nature of he conduct towards you ladyship , he brutal and ungentlemanlike behavior , he open infidelity , he habit of extravagance , intoxication , he shameless robbery and swindling of my property and yours . it be this insult to you which shock and annoy I more than the ruffian 's infamous conduct to myself . I would have stand by you ladyship , as I promise , but you seem to have take latterly you husband 's part ; and , as I can not personally chastise this low - breed ruffian , who , to we shame be it speak , be the husband of my mother , and as I can not bear to witness he treatment of you , and loathe he horrible society as if it be the plague , I be determine to quit my native country , at least during he detest life , or during my own . burst into tear , Lady cosgrove leave the room . roderick lose control , and rush at brookside , knock down lord , duke and Generals , leave and right , who try to interfere . the company be scandalize by the entire incident . int . london club - night action as per voice over . roderick be shunne . roderick ( v.o. ) if I have murder my lord , I could scarcely have be receive with more shameful obloquy and slander than now follow I in town and country . my friend fall away from I , and a legend arise of my cruelty to my stepson . int . ST . jame - day roderick ( v.o. ) my reception at court be scarcely more cordial . on pay my respects to my sovereign at St. James , his majesty pointedly ask I when I have news of Lord brookside . on which I reply , with no ordinary presence of mind : roderick sire , my Lord brookside have set sail to fight the rebel against you majesty 's crown in America . do you majesty desire that I should send another company to aid he ? the King stare at roderick , turn on he heel and quickly leave the presence - chamber . roderick be approach by the Duke of rutland , who take he aside into a alcove . duke of rutland ( speak very quietly ) let I tell you , sir , that you conduct have be very odiously represent to the King , and have form the subject of royal comment . the King have say , influence by this representation , that you be the most disreputable man in the three kingdom , and a dishonor to you name and country . roderick begin to sputter . duke of rutland hear I out , please . it have be intimated to his majesty that you have raise the american company for the sole purpose of get the young viscount to command it , and so get rid of he . and , further , that you have pay the very man in the company , who be order to dispatch he in the first general action . roderick thus it be that my loyalty be reward , and my sacrifice in favor of my country view ! duke of rutland as for you ambitious hope regard the irish peerage , his majesty have also let it be know that you have be lead astray by that Lord crab , who like to take money , but who have no more influence to get a coronet than to procure a Pope 's tiara . and , if you have it in mind to call upon Lord crab , you will be disappointed . he leave for the continent on Tuesday , and may be away for several month . int . lord west's office - day roderick and Lord West . roderick I insist upon be allow to appear before his majesty and clear myself of the imputation against I , to point out my service to the government , and to ask when the reward , that have be promise I , the title hold by my ancestor , be again to be revive in my person . there be a sleepy coolness in the fat Lord West . he hear roderick with half - shut eye . when he finish he violent speech , which he have make stride about the room , Lord West open one eye , smile , and say : lord west ( gently ) have you do , Mr. cosgrove ? roderick yes ! lord west well , Mr. cosgrove , I will answer you point by point . the King be exceedingly averse to make peer , as you know . you claim , as you call they , have be laid before he , and his majesty 's gracious reply be , that you be the most impudent man in he dominion , and merite a halter , rather than a coronet . as for withdraw you support from we , you be perfectly welcome to carry yourself whithersoever you please . and , now , as I have a great deal of occupation , perhaps you will do I the favor to retire , or tell I if there be anything else in the world in which I can oblige you . so say , Lord West raise he hand lazily to the bell , and bow roderick out . int . castle hackton - roderick's study - day roderick and he accountant go over the bill which he have heape on the table . roderick ( v.o. ) the news of his majesty 's disregard be not long in get around , and , in a very short time , all the bill come down upon I together -- all the bill I have be contracting for the year of my marriage . I will not cite they amount ; it be frightful . I be bound up in a inextricable toil of bill and debt , or mortgage and insurance , and all the horrible evil attendant upon they . ext . castle hackton - ground - day roderick walk alone . roderick ( v.o. ) be it my own want of style , or my want of a fortune ? I know not . now I be arrive at the height of my ambition , but both my skill and my luck seem to be desert I . everything I touch , crumble in my hand ; every speculation I have , fail ; every agent I trust , deceive I . my income be saddle with hundred of annuity , and thousand of lawyer ' charge , and I feel the net draw closer and closer around I , and no mean to extricate myself from its toil . all my scheme have turn out failure . int . london gaming club - night roderick at the game table . roderick ( v.o. ) my wife 's moody despondency make my house and home not over - pleasant ; hence , I be drive a good deal abroad , where as play be the fashion in every club , tavern , and assembly , I , of course , be oblige to resume my old habit , and to commence as a amateur that game at which I be once unrivale in Europe . roderick lose a large amount of money . roderick ( v.o. ) I have a run of ill-luck at play , and be force to meet my loss by the most shameful sacrifice to the money - lender , and be compel to borrow largely upon my wife 's annuity , ensure she ladyship 's life , which be the condition for every loan against she property . int . london office - insurance broker - day roderick and the broker . broker you wife 's life be as well know among the insurance society in London , as any woman in christendom , and , I be sorry to say there be not one of they willing to place another policy against she ladyship 's life . one of they even have the impudence to suggest that you treatment of the countess do not render she life worth a year 's purchase . ext . stud farm - day roderick buy a horse . roderick ( v.o. ) in the midst of my difficulty , I promise to buy a little horse for my dear little Patrick , which be to be a present for he eighth birthday , that be now come on . I may have have my fault , but no man shall dare to say of I that I be not a good and tender father . roderick admire the horse . roderick ( v.o . ) it be a beautiful little animal , and stand I in a good sum . I never regard money for that dear child . ext . road - day the horse kick off one of the horse - boy who try to ride he . roderick ( v.o. ) but the horse be a bit wild , and he kick off one of the horse - boy who ride he at first , and break the lad 's leg . ext . road - day roderick riding the horse . the horse - boy lie in the back of a wagon . roderick ( v.o. ) but he be a beautiful animal and would make a fine horse for Patrick after he have a bit of break - in . ext . road - near castle hackton - day roderick dismount and give the horse to one of the horse - boy . roderick timmy , take the injure lad to see the doctor , and then bring the horse to doolan 's farm , and tell he to break he in thoroughly . tell he it 's for little Patrick , and that I will be over to see he next week . horse - boy yes , sir . roderick one more thing , and listen well , I do not want little Patrick to know where the horse be be keep . it 's go to be surprise for he birthday . ext . castle hackton - day Patrick rush out to greet he father . patrick hello , papa ! roderick pick he up in he arm , and kiss he . patrick do you buy the horse , papa ? roderick now , just have a little patience , my boy . you birthday be not until next week . patrick but I will have it on my birthday , will not I ? roderick well , we will just have to wait and see , will not we ? he walk up the step hold Patrick , who hug and kiss he . roderick ( v.o. ) my son , little Patrick cosgrove , be a prince ; he breeding and manners , even at he early age , show he to be worthy of the two noble family from whom he be descend , and I do not know what high hope I have for the boy , and indulge in a thousand fond anticipation as to he future success and figure in the world , but stern fate have determine that I should leave none of my race behind I . int . castle hackton - dine room - night roderick be drunk . Patrick be bring in by he governor , hunt , to say good night . his kiss he mother first , then approach roderick . patrick ( kissing he ) good night , papa . roderick good night , my little darling . patrick papa ? roderick yes ? patrick one of the boy in the stable tell nelly that you have already buy my horse , and that it 's at doolan 's farm , where Mick the groom be break it in . be that true , papa ? roderick ( angere ) what the devil ? what kind of fool do we have here ? pottle , who tell the lad this story ? hunt I do not know , sir . patrick then it 's true ! it 's true ! oh , thank you , papa ! thank you ! he hug he father . countess promise I , Patrick , that you will not ride the horse except in the company of you father . patrick ( unconvincingly ) I promise , mama . roderick I promise you lordship a good flog if you even so much as go to doolan 's farm to see he . patrick yes , papa . int . roderick's bedroom - day roderick be awaken by he valet and hunt , the governor . roderick yes ...? valet I be sorry to disturb you , sir , but Mr. hunt have something important to tell you . roderick yes ? hunt I think master Patrick have disobey you order and steal off to doolan 's farm . when I go to the lad 's room this morning , he bed be empty . one of the cook say she see he go away before daybreak . he must have slip through my room while I be asleep . ext . castle hackton - stable - day roderick , in a rage , take a great horse - whip , gallop off after the child . ext . road - castle hackton - day roderick come upon a sad procession of farmer , moan and howling , the black horse lead by the hand , and , on a door that some of they carry , little Patrick . he lie in he little boot and spur , and he little coat of scarlet and gold . his face be quite white , and he smile as he hold a hand out to roderick and say painfully : patrick you will not whip I , will you , papa ? roderick burst out into tear in reply . int . patrick bedroom - night some doctor around the bed , roderick and the countess anxiously wait upon they . roderick ( v.o. ) the doctor be call , but what do a doctor avail in a contest with the grim , invincible enemy ? such as come could only confirm we despair by they account of the poor child 's case . his spine be injure , the lower half of he be dead when they laid he in bed at home . the rest do not last long , God help I ! he remain yet for two day with we , and a sad comfort it be to think he be in no pain . int . patrick bedroom - day roderick , countess and Patrick . patrick ( weakly ) papa , I beg you and mama to pardon I for any act of disobedience I have be guilty of towards you . countess ( weep ) oh , my little angel , you have do nothing for which you need pardon . patrick where be brooksy ? I would like to see he . roderick you bother be in America fight the rebel . patrick be he all right , papa ? roderick yes , he 's fine . patrick brooksy be better than you , papa , he use not to swear so , and he teach I many good thing while you be away . Patrick take a hand of he mother and of roderick , in each of he little clammy one . patrick I beg you not to quarrel so , but to love each other , so that we might meet again in heaven where brooksy tell I quarrelsome people never go . his mother be much affect by this admonition , and roderick be too . Patrick give roderick a ring from he finger , and a locket to he mother . he say that this gift be so that they will not forget he . roderick ( v.o. ) at last , after two day , he die . there he lay , the hope of my family , the pride of my manhood , the link which keep I and my Lady cosgrove together . ext . church - graveyard - day funeral . roderick ( v.o. ) I will not tell you with what splendor we bury he , but what avail be undertaker ' feather and herald ' trumpery . ext . castle hackton - stable - day roderick enter the stable and , after a few second , we hear a pistol shot . he exit rapidly , the smoking pistol still in he hand . int . castle hackton - various - day and night the countess : pray . waking up scream . fit of cry . severely depressed . roderick ( v.o. ) Lady cosgrove , always vaporish and nervous , after we bless boy 's catastrophe , become more agitate than ever , and plunge into devotion with so much fervor that you would have fancie she almost distract at time . countess see vision . roderick ( v.o. ) she imagine she see vision . she say a angel from heaven tell she that Patrick 's death be a punishment to she for she neglect of she firstborn . then she would declare that brookside be dead . int . roderick's study - day roderick and he accountant . bill , bill , bill . roderick ( v.o . ) by now , my financial affair be near to ruin . I could not get a guinea from any money - dealer in London . we rent be in the hand of receiver by this time , and it be as much as I could do to get enough money from the rascal to pay my wine - merchant they bill . we property be hamper , and often as I apply to my lawyer and agent for money , would come a reply demand money of I for debt and pretend claim which the rapacious rascal say they have on I . ext . castle hackton - day mother arrive . roderick greet she . servant unload she bag . roderick ( v.o. ) my mother be the only person who , in my misfortune , remain faithful to I -- indeed , she have always speak of I in my true light , as a martyr to the rascality of other , and a victim of my own generous and confide temper . int . castle hackton - day mother supervise kitchen staff . roderick ( v.o. ) she be a invaluable person to I in my house , which would have be at rack and ruin before , but for she spirit of order and management and she excellent economy in the government of my rapidly dwindling household staff . ext . castle hackton - garden - day roderick and he mother . roderick ( v.o. ) if anything could have save I from the consequence of villainy in other , it would have be the admirable prudence of that worthy creature . int . castle hackton - drawing room - night action as per voice over . roderick ( v.o. ) she never go to bed until all the house be quiet and all the candle out ; you may fancy that this be a matter of some difficulty with a man of my habit who have commonly a dozen of jovial fellow to drink with I every night , and who seldom , for my part , go to bed sober . int . castle hackton - roderick's bedroom - night action as per voice over . roderick ( v.o. ) many and many a night , when I be unconscious of she attention , have that good soul pull my boot off , and see I laid by my servant snug in bed , and carry off the candle herself ... int . castle hackton - roderick's bedroom - day action as per voice over . roderick ( v.o. ) ... and be the first in the morning , too , to bring I my drink of small beer . it be my mother 's pride that I could drink more than any man in the country . int . roderick's study - night roderick and he mother hold a letter before a fire , which slowly bring out the write in lemon juice between the widely - space line of direction to she milliner . roderick ( v.o. ) my mother discover that always , before my lady - wife choose to write letter to she milliner , she have need of lemon to make she drink , as she say , and this fact , be mention to I , kind of set I a-think . roderick ( read letter aloud ) " this day , three year ago , my last hope and pleasure in life be take from I , and my dear child be call to Heaven . where be he neglect brother , whom I suffer to grow up unheeded by my side , and whom the tyranny of the monster to whom I be united drive to exile , and , perhaps to death ? I pray the child be still alive and safe . Charles brookside ! come to the aide of a wretch mother , who acknowledge she crime , she coldness towards you , and now bitterly pay for she error ! what suffering , what humiliation have I have to endure ! I be a prisoner in my own hall . I should fear poison , but then I know the wretch have a sordid interest in keep I alive , and that my death would be the signal for he ruin . but I dare not stir without my odious , hideous , vulgar gaoler , the horrid irish woman , who purse my every step . I be lock into my chamber at night , like a felon , and only suffer to leave it when order into the presence of my lord , to be present at he orgy with he boon - companion , and to hear he odious converse as he lapse into the disgusting madness of intoxication . " int . castle hackton - dine room - night roderick , and the countess and mother , at a silent dinner . roderick ( v.o . ) it be not possible to recover the name for whom the note be intend , but it be clear that , to add to all my perplexity , three year after my poor child 's death , my wife , whose vagary of temper and wayward folly I have borne with for twelve year , want to leave I . I decide it best not to reveal to she ladyship we discovery , that we might still intercept and uncover further scheme with might be afoot . int . castle hackton - various - day and night a few cut show mother keep a eye on the countess . roderick ( v.o. ) yet I be bound to be on my guard that she should not give I the slip . have she leave I , I be ruin the next day . I set my mother to keep sharp watch over the mood of she ladyship , and you may be sure that she assistance and surveillance be invaluable to I . if I have pay twenty spy to watch she lady , I should not have be half so well serve as by the disinterested care and watchfulness of my excellent mother . ext . castle hackton - garden - day roderick walk with the countess . roderick ( v.o. ) my Lady cosgrove 's relationship with I be a singular one . her life be pass in a series of crack - brain sort of alternation between love and hatred for I . we would quarrel for a fortnight , then we should be friend for a month together sometimes . one day , I be joke she , and ask she whether she would take the water again , whether she have find another lover , and so forth . she suddenly burst out into tear , and , after a while , say to I : countess roderick , you know well enough that I have never love but you ! be I ever so wretch that a kind word from you do not make I happy ? ever so angry , but the least offer of good - will on you part do not bring I to you side ? do I not give a sufficient proof of my affection for you in bestow one of the finest fortune of England upon you ? have I repine or rebuke you for the way you have waste it ? no , I love you too much and too fondly ; I have always love you . from the first moment I see you , I see you bad quality , and tremble at you violence ; but I could not help loving you . I marry you , though I know I be sealing my own fate in do so , and in spite of reason and duty . what sacrifice do you want from I ? I be ready to make any , so you will but love I , or , if not , that at least , you will gently we I . roderick kiss she . roderick ( v.o. ) I be in a particularly good humor that day , and we have a sort of reconciliation . int . castle hackton - night roderick and he mother . mother depend on it , artful hussy have some other scheme in she head now . roderick ( v.o. ) the old lady be right , and I swallow the bait which she ladyship have prepare to entrap I as simply as any gudgeon take a hook . ext . castle hackton - day arrival of Mr. newcombe , the money -broker . roderick ( v.o. ) I have hire a money - broker especially to find some mean of my make a loan . after several month without success , it be with some considerable interest that I receive he visit . int . roderick's study - day roderick and the money - broker , Mr. newcombe . newcombe I have good news for you , Mr. cosgrove . the firm of bracegirdle and chatwick , in the city of London , be prepare to lend you 20,000 pound , pledge against you interest in the edric mine . they will redeem the encumbrance against the property , which amount to some 10,000 pound , and take a twenty - year work lease on the mine . they will lend you the 20,000 pound against the lease income , which they will apply to the loan as it come in , and they will make a charge of 18 % per annum interest on the outstanding loan balance . roderick Mr. newcombe , I have make some difficult loan during the past few year , at very onerous term , but 18 % a year interest seem very stiff indeed . newcombe consider you financial circumstance , Mr. cosgrove , it have be impossible to find anyone at all prepare to do any business with you . I think you may count yourself lucky to have this opportunity . but , obviously , if you would reject this offer , I shall keep try to find a better one . roderick ( after a pause ) I be prepare to accept the term , Mr. newcombe . newcombe there be a few other point we should discuss . the loan agreement can only be execute by she ladyship 's signature , and provide that bracegirdle and chatwick can be assure of she ladyship 's freewill in give she signature . roderick provide that they can be assure of she ladyship 's freewill ? be you serious ? newcombe May I be quite frank with you ? roderick yes , of course . newcombe mister bracegirdle say to I that he have hear she ladyship life in some fear of she life , and meditate a separation , in which case , she might later repudiate any document sign by herself while in durance , and subject they , at any rate , to a doubtful and expensive litigation . they be quite insistent on this point , and say they must have absolute assurance of she ladyship 's perfect freewill in the transaction before they would advance a shilling of they capital . roderick I see . newcombe when I ask they in what form they would accept she ladyship 's assurance , they say that they be only prepare to accept they if she ladyship confirm she write consent by word of mouth , in they presence , at they count - house in birchin Lane , London . I request they come here , and save she ladyship and yourself the inconvenience of the trip to London , but they decline , say that they do not wish to incur the risk of a visit to Castle hackton to negotiate , as they be aware of how other respectable party , such as messr . sharp and salomon have be treat here . int . castle hackton - day roderick and he mother . mother depend on it , there be some artifice . when once you get into that wick town , you be not safe . there be score of writ out against you for debt . if you be take in London , and throw into prison , you case be hopeless . roderick mother dear , we be now live off we own beef and mutton . we have to watch Lady cosgrove within and the bailiff without . there be certain situation in which people cannot dictate they own term ; and faith , we be so press now for money , that I would sign a bond with old Nick himself , if he would provide a good round sum . with this money , we can settle we principal debt and make a fresh start . mother roderick , you must listen to I . as soon as they have you in London , they will get the better of my poor innocent lad ; and the first thing that I shall hear of you will be that you be in trouble . you will be a victim of you own generous and confide nature . int . castle hackton - countess ' bedroom roderick and the countess . countess why go , roderick ? I be happy here , as long as you be kind to I , as you now be . we can not appear in London as we ought ; the little money you will get will be spend , like all the rest have be . let we stay here and be content . she take he hand and kiss it . int . castle hackton - day mother and roderick . mother humph ! I believe she be at the bottom of it -- the wick schemer . ext . country road - day roderick 's carriage move along . roderick ( v.o. ) we do not start in state , you may be sure . we do not let the country know we be go , or leave notice of adieu with we neighbor . the famous Mr. James cosgrove and he noble wife travel in a hack - chaise and pair . int . coach - day the countess lay she head on roderick 's shoulder and smile . roderick ( v.o. ) when a man be go to the devil , how easy and pleasant a journey it be ! the think of the money quite put I in a good humor , and my wife , as she lay on my shoulder in the post - chaise , go to London , say it be the happiest ride she have take since we marriage . ext . inn - dusk the carriage stop and they disembark . roderick ( v.o. ) one night we stay at reading . int . inn - night roderick and he wife at dinner . roderick ( v.o. ) my lady and I agree that , with the money , we would go to France , and wait there for better time , and that night , over we supper , form a score of plan both for pleasure and retrenchment . you would have think it be darby and Joan together over they supper . int . bedroom - night roderick and he wife make love . roderick ( v.o. ) o woman ! woman ! when I recollect Lady cosgrove 's smile and blandishment , how happy she seem to be on that night ! what a air of innocent confidence appear in she behavior , and what affectionate name she call I ! I be lose in wonder at the depth of she hypocrisy . who can be surprised that a unsuspecting person like myself should have be a victim to such a consummate deceiver ? ext . gray' inn office - day the coach drive up . roderick ( v.o. ) we be in London at three o'clock , a half - an- hour before the time appoint . int . staircase - day roderick and the countess look for the office . roderick ( v.o. ) I easily find out Mr. tapewell 's apartment : a gloomy de it be , and in a unlucky hour , I enter it . they climb up dirty backstair , light by a feeble lamp , and the dim sky of a dismal London afternoon . the countess seem agitate and faint . when they get to the door , she stop in front of it . countess roderick -- do not go in . I be sure there be danger . there 's time yet , let we go back -- anywhere ! the countess have put herself before the door in a theatrical attitude and take roderick 's hand . he push she away to one side . roderick Lady cosgrove , you be a old fool . countess Old fool ! she jump at the bell , which be quickly answer by a moldy - look gentleman in a unpower wig . countess say Lady cosgrove be here ! she stalk down the passage , mutter : " Old fool . " int . mr. tapewell' office - day tapewell be in he musty room , surround by he parchment and tin box . he advance and bow , beg she ladyship to be seat , and point towards a chair for roderick , which he take , rather wonder at the lawyer 's insolence . the lawyer retreat to a side - door , say he will be back in a moment . in the next moment , he reenter , bring with he another layer , six constable in red waist -coat , with bludgeon and pistol , and Lord brookside . Lady cosgrove fling herself into the arm of she son , cry and whimper and call he she savior , she preserver , she gallant knight . then , turn to roderick , she pour out a flood of invective which quite astonish he . countess oh fool as I be , I have outwitted the most crafty and treacherous monster under the sun . yes , I be a fool when I marry you , and give up other and nobler heart for you sake -- yes , I be a fool when I forget my name and lineage to unite myself with a base - bear adventurer -- a fool to bear , without repining , the most monstrous tyranny that ever woman suffer ; to allow my property to be squander ; to see woman as base and low-born as yourself ... tapewell for heaven 's sake , be calm . tapewell bound back behind the constable , see a threaten look in roderick 's eye . the countess continue in a strain of incoherent fury , scream against roderick , and against he mother , and always beginning and end the sentence with the word " fool . " roderick you do not tell all , my lady -- I say " old " fool . brookside I have no doubt that you say and do , sir , everything that a blackguard could say or do . this lady be now safe under the protection of she relation and the law , and need fear you infamous persecution no longer . roderick but you be not safe , and as sure as I be a man of honor , I will have you heart 's blood . tapewell take down he word , constable ; swear the peace against he . brookside I would not sully my sword with the blood of such a ruffian . if the scoundrel remain in London another day , he will be seize as a common swindler . roderick where 's the man who will seize I ? he draw he sword , place he back to the door . roderick let the scoundrel come ! you -- you cowardly braggart , come first , if you have the soul of a man ! the countess and the bailiff move away . tapewell we be not go to seize you ! my dear sir , we do not wish to seize you ; we will give you a handsome sum to leave the country , only leave she ladyship in peace . brookside and the country will be rid of such a villain . as brookside say this , he back into the next room . the lawyer follow he , leave roderick alone in the company of the constable who be all armed to the tooth . roderick ( v.o. ) I be no longer the man I be at twenty , when I should have charge the ruffian , sword in hand , and send at least one of they to he account . I be break in spirit , regularly catch in the toil , utterly baffle and beat by that woman . be she relenting at the door , when she pause and begge I to turn back ? have she not a linger love for I still ? her conduct show it , as I come to reflect on it . it be my only chance now leave in the world , so I put down my sword upon the lawyer desk . roderick put he sword down on the lawyer 's desk . roderick gentlemen , I shall have no violence ; you may tell Mr. tapewell I be quite ready to speak with he when he be at leisure . roderick sit down and fold he arm quite peaceably . ext . coffee house - near gray' inn - day int . roderick's room in coffee house - day roderick ( v.o. ) I be instruct to take a lodging for the night in a coffee house near Gray 's Inn , and anxiously expect a visit from Mr. tapewell . tapewell talk to roderick . tapewell I have be authorize by Lady cosgrove and she advisor to pay you a annuity of 300 pound a year , specifically on the condition of you remain abroad out of the three kingdom , and to be stop on the instant of you return . I advise you to accept it without delay for you know , as well as I do , that you stay in London will infallibly plunge you in gaol , as there be innumerable writ take out against you here and in the west of England , and that you credit be so blow upon that you could not hope to raise a shilling . I will leave you the night to consider this proposal , but if you refuse , the family will proceed against you in London , and have you arrest . if you accede , a quarter salary will be pay to you at any foreign port you should prefer . roderick Mr. tapewell , I do not require a night to consider this proposal . what other choice have a poor , lonely and broken-hearted man ? I shall take the annuity , and leave the country . mr. tapewell I be very glad to hear that you have come to this decision , Mr. cosgrove . I think you be very wise . there be a knock at the door and roderick open it . brookside enter with four constable armed with pistol . the dialogue for this scene have to be write . brookside have go against the bargain , and have decide to have roderick arrest upon one of the many writ out against he for debt . Mr. tapewell be surprised and complain weakly that brookside be act in bad faith . brookside brushes aside he objection . roderick be defeat , and meekly sit down in a chair . the follow line be read over roderick be shackle and lead out of the room . narrator Mr. James cosgrove 's personal narrative finish here , for the hand of death interrupt the ingenious author soon after the period which this memoir be compile , after he have live nineteen year a inmate of the fleet prison , where the prison record state he die of delirium tremen . ext . fleet prison - day his mother , now very old and hobble with arthritis , enter the prison , carry a basket on she arm . narrator his faithful old mother join he in he lonely exile , and have a bedroom in fleet market over the way . she would come and stay the whole day with he in prison work . int . castle hackton - countess ' study sign a payment draft , the countess sigh and gaze out of the large window . narrator the countess be never out of love with she husband , and , as long as she live , James enjoy he income of 300 pound per year and be , perhaps , as happy in prison , as at any period of he existence . int . castle hackton - study - day brookside tear up the payment draft present to he by he accountant . narrator when she ladyship die , she son sternly cut off the annuity , devote the sum to charity , which , he say , would make a nobler use of it than the scoundrel who have enjoy it hitherto . int . fleet prison - day roderick , now grey-haire , black boot . narrator when the famous character lose he income , he spirit entirely fail . he be remove into the pauper 's ward , where he be know to black boot for wealthier prisoner , and where he be detect in steal a tobacco box . int . fleet prison - day roderick and he mother . action as per voice over . narrator his mother attain a prodigious old age , and the inhabitant of the place in she time can record , with accuracy , the daily dispute which use to take place between mother and son , until the latter , from habit of intoxication , fall into a state of almost imbecility , be tend by he tough old parent as a baby almost , and would cry if deprive of he necessary glass of brandy . title card it be in the reign of George III that the above - name personage live and quarrele ; good or bad , handsome or ugly , rich or poor , they be all equal now . fade out . the end