Barry written by alec berg & Bill hader third draft 12.31.15 close up - a man wash he hand under a faucet . he turn the faucet off and dry he hand . this be barry belkin , late thirty . he look a little tired ; it 's clearly be a long night . he size himself up in the mirror , it 's not apparent if he like what he see . then : he spot something . it 's a gray hair . clearly he first . he pluck it and examine it . barry .. shit ... he put the hair in he shirt pocket , turn and head out of the bathroom and into ... int . rochester radisson HOTEL room - dawn a window give a perfect view of the far from perfect downtown Rochester , NY . Barry emerge from the bathroom , remove earplug . he pat he jacket , he 's miss something . he search the floor ... ... and as he do we begin to see something be off : bullet hole that have send spiderweb up the window . Barry find what he 's look for : a glock with a silencer . he rack the bolt , check the chamber , unscrew the silencer and stow both part in he jacket ... ... a couple of more step reveal a dead lawyer in he pajamas slump under the window . Barry nudge the body with he foot . he head for the door . music : " you be a runner and I be my Father 's Son " by Wolf parade . title start to fade up , as Barry take one last look around the room , then nod . " all set . " Barry open the door ... match CUT to : int . barry 's apartment - cleveland - morning ... and enter he apartment . Barry wheel he rollercase into a sparse apartment , look like any other jet-lagged guy back from a business trip . later - Barry be eat a bowl of cereal while play candy crush on he cell . later - Barry be do push -up on a yoga mat . ( continued ) continued : later - Barry watch a show on he laptop while eat Wendy 's . a eminem poster be tape up on the wall behind he . next to it be frame citation from military service . later -- Barry have a private dance to Ugly kid Joe 's " I hate everything about you . " later - Barry take a shower . later - Barry turn out the light and sit on he couch . he stare out the window at the snowy , low rent neighborhood , glow orange from the street light . Barry be one lonely dude . CUT to black . end title . beat , then ... a cell ring . int . barry 's apartment - cleveland - dusk Barry be asleep on the couch . he stir . rummages for he cell . barry ( into cell ) hello . fuches ( v.o. ) ( over cell , no -bullshit ) you back in Cleveland ? barry uh-huh . fuches ( v.0o . ) we can say bye- bye to Rochester lawyer ? barry yup . fuches ( v.0o . ) good . be you asleep ? barry it 's five in the morning . fuches ( v.0 . ) you never know with you guy . some of you can sleep , other can not . ( continued ) continued : barry I sleep . fuches ( v.0o . ) then I will not keep you too long : be you familiar with the chechen Brotherhood ? barry no . fuches ( v.0o . ) chechen mob out in LA . ever since the balkin war end this guy have move over here to take up turf . Real deal shit here , Barry . shot caller 's a guy name goran pazar ... Barry shuffles over to the coffee maker . barry LA be far . fuches ( v.0o . ) this guy be big . this whole thing be very very big . this could be the dream , Barry . barry when do you need I ? fuches ( v.0o . ) you flight to LA leave in five hour . I will have a car wait for you at the airport . barry will the car at lax be nice ? fuches ( v.0 . ) it will be whatever car my guy can get on short notice . oh , and you be not fly to lax , you be fly into Ontario . barry Fucking Ontario ? why because it 's cheaper ? fuches ( v.0 . ) no , because it 's smarter . we have to cover we track . ( continued ) continued : barry that 's like a two hour drive . fuches gotta cover we track . barry how much cheaper be it ? fuches safe travel , call I when you get there . Barry pour coffee . it 's totally because it 's cheaper . int . barry apartment build - foyer Barry drag he rollercase loudly down the stair , cause he landlord , victor ( late 50' ) to peek out to make sure no one be hack apart the stair with a ax . barry hey Vic . I get a convention in albuquerque . I will be go for a couple of day . victor I do not even know why you pay rent , belkin . I wish you have a pet or even a plant I could take care of . but you know what ? you do not . Barry nod . a true , weird observation . ext . LA / ontario airport - parking structure - day on the roof of the parking structure . a plane roar over Barry as he search for he car , reference he cell . barry ( check license plate ) bdx-7563 . bdx-7563 . he find the car . it 's a shitty camry . barry ( cont would ) really ? Barry 's cell ring . fuches ( v.0o . ) you find the car ? ( continued ) continued : barry yes . fuches ( v.0o . ) Nice , right ? listen , when you meet goran , do not be afraid sell yourself a bit . barry why do I need to do that ? fuches ( v.0o . ) I be think specifically about canton . that police officer ? barry the guy whose dick I set on fire ? fuches ( v.0o . ) I think that would be something goran would be intrigue by . just so he 's aware , ya know , you 'il go there . barry why can not I just listen ? fuches ( v.0o . ) obviously you have to listen . I be not say do not listen . I be just say he 's the type of person that the dick - fire could tip thing in we favor . if it present itself try to fit it into the conversation . barry but that 's not something I have want to do again . that cop 's wife be crazy . fuches ( v.0o . ) chechen Brotherhood , Barry . this be big . int . barry 's car - later ( moving ) Barry inch along in traffic , piss he forget to bring sunglass . a motorcycle zoom past he , weaving between the slow move car . it 's annoying . ext . pazer house - glendale - day a modest house with super nice car in the driveway . int . pazer house - live room - continuous Barry be lead through the house by noho hank ( twenty , dress conservatively in a golf shirt and khaki pants , yet with a tattoo on he neck ) . noho hank goran will be out in a sec . we be gonna do this in the pool house if that 's okay with you . his daughter have some friend over . they pass a group of ten year old girl watch that Disney Channel show '' jessie '' . they be all dress like jessie . noho hank ( cont would ) he 's meditate right now . do you know tm ? barry tm ? no . noho hank you do not practice ? goran be very devote to it . he be very persistent that I try it , but , uh , I do not like it . int . pazer house - pool house - moment later goran pazer ( fifty , small but impose ) stand amid the pool equipment . pazer what it do , really , be relax you brain so that you can achieve pure consciousness . you do not know it but you only live you life on the surface , right . you be do it right now . but with transcendental meditation you go beneath the surface and experience all kind of wonderful shit . the shit that be always there since you be a just a little baby , but you do not realize it . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : pazer ( cont would ) I have a guy who can teach it to you . noho hank do it and ... noho hank change my life . pazer change he life . you should do it . Barry do not know how to respond to this bullshit . pazer abruptly grow morose , which noho hank take as he cue to start they presentation . noho hank we contact fuches because we have a confidential situation . ( lift up laptop ) can you see this okay ? this be Ryan madison . on the screen a driver license picture of ryan madison , thirty , good look midwestern dude . noho hank ( cont would ) he be a physical trainer in Silver Lake . he work with goran 's wife Natalie . they have be training together for ... noho hank look at pazer for a estimate , but he boss be lose in a grim reverie . noho hank ( cont would ) ... two , three year ? give or take ? over the past month this session become more frequent . goran ask I to follow she and I become aware that they be take up ina holiday Inn in Studio City . I snuck a lipstick camera in the room and get this . on the laptop we see grainy footage of Ryan and natalie ( thirty , ex - penthouse Pet ) fuck . pazer why would I want to see this ? turn that off . turn it off . noho hank I want to give he the whole -- ( continued ) continued : pazer he get it . you already say they be take up in a hotel , why show the footage ? you be just impressed with yourself for plant the camera . trash that footage . the fuck ?! Barry want to wrap this up : barry you want he go ? noho hank we have pay you a -- barry fuches take care of the money , you do not give I anything . I just need he picture and address and it ’11l be do within the next couple of day . I like to do a bit of recon just to make it clean . noho hank that sound good . and goran would like he to suffer . we want he to suffer , yes ? pazer yes . barry I once set a guy dick on fire . pazer what ?? why ? who would want that ? noho hank can not you just shoot he ? barry well , yeah , but if you want he to suffer -- noho hank be shot be very painful . have you be shot ? I have . it 's like crazy painful . pazer anything be better than set he dick on fire . I be not a fuck child . ( continued ) continued : pazer grab a little plastic oar and start beat it against the wall like a child . noho hank calmly note it . noho hank I will walk you out . barry you do not have to . noho hank I want to . it 's polite . int . barry 's HOTEL room - day total shit hole . as Barry stand at the door , visualize a mouse crawl on he in he sleep , he cell ring . fuches ( v.0o . ) you in the hotel ? barry yes . fuches ( v.0o . ) Nice right ? just talk to cb , they say it go great . barry oh yeah . fuches this be go to open up all kind of door for we . they need a greedy partner take out , or a kidnap , whatever , they call we . keeps they hand clean . we could become they go to guy . and then , Russian and asian mob ... who know where we go from here ? barry you keep say " we " , " we " . seem like this be good for you . fuches ( v.o. ) that 's very disrespectful , Barry . I get you in a position that other people would kill to be in . pun intend . barry ( he boss suck ) 2eemo .. ( continued ) 10 . continued : Barry hang up . he sit on the edge of the bed . again , Barry be one lonely dude . series of quick cut : -- early morning : Barry exit a ups store with a fed ex box tuck under he arm , morning cup of coffee in he hand . he get in he camry , open the fed ex box and dump a glock and two clip onto he lap . -- Barry sit in the camry , gaze out at ... the plate- glass front window of a gym . in the window , the guy from the photo , Ryan madison wear a shirt that say '' trainer '' , help a older woman adjust a treadmill . -- Barry maintain a three car length behind Ryan 's truck . -- Barry 's camry follow Ryan 's truck onto the freeway , head from silverlake toward burbank . ext . toluca lake STREET - dusk Barry pull up across the street from a non-descript building , watch Ryan approach the entrance . out in front be about a dozen people , all smoking , drink coffee and chat . Ryan nod hello , head inside . the other extinguish they cigarettes and head in after he . Barry keep watch as a black escalade pull up in front of the building , nose into a parking spot block off with two orange cone . a young blonde guy ( trevor , 2ux ) wave at the escalade and pull the cone so it can take the space . a man in a vest emerge from the escalade . trevor hand he a coffee , and follow he inside . dissolve to : ext . STREET - later Barry sit in the camry . he check he watch . he open the door and climb out . 11 . ext . nondescript build , alleyway - moment later Barry walk down the alleyway next to the building , spot a side entrance that be propped open , he head toward it when he spot ... a woman ( sally , 30 's , midwestern cute ) in the alley , sobbing and mumble to herself . Barry look around , not sure what to do . he take a step toward she when she wheel on he . sally give my daughter the shot !! give she the -- Barry instinctively drop into a defensive pose . Sally be startle to see he . sally ( cont would ) what be you do out here ? who be you ? shit , I lose my place . damnit ! just then trevor pop he head out the side door . trevor Sally , he 's ready for you . sally shit. ( to Barry ) thanks a lot ... she stomp in side , leave a confuse Barry in the alley . int . neutral space - continuous stand in front of a black background , Sally speak to a good look guy , rick , 2us , who sit on a stool behind a large wooden box which serve as a sort of counter . sally ( cont would ) Excuse I ? it 's after ten . give my daughter the pain shot please . rick ( as a '' nurse '' ) Mrs. greenway , I be go to . widen to reveal : we be in a SMALL theater . a group of people sit in the seat watch Sally and Rick perform a scene from term of endearment . ( continued ) 12 . continued : angle : from the back of the theater , Barry watch from the shadow . next to he be a large frame portrait of a wise look older man . its label '' Arthur moss , founder . '' sally oh good , go ahead . rick just a few minute . cousineau ( 0.c. ) bullshit ! they stop . Sally look mortify . cousineau ( 0.c. ) ( cont would ) bullshit ! it 's false , Sally . sally I get throw off right before I be about to go on . I be outside go through my checklist when I get interrupt by -- cousineau ( 0.c . ) I do not give a shit ! even you excuse be false , Sally . as this heat up , Barry try to peek over the head of the other student to get a better look at cousineau . cousineau ( 0.c. ) ( cont would ) what be it that you want ? sally for my daughter to get the shot . cousineau ( 0.c. ) not aurora ! you ! Little Sally Dale from joplin , Missouri . what do you want ? sally to be a actress . cousineau ( 0.c. ) again , I do not believe you ! sally ( start to cry ) it 's all I have ever want in the world . ( continued ) 13 . continued : cousineau ( 0.c . ) then why be stinking up my stage with lie ! sally ( angry , tear pour ) that be not fair , gene -- cousineau ( 0.c . ) do not think , finish the scene . Sally take a beat , realize what he 's do , then wheel around to Rick . sally will you please , it 's after ten . it 's after ten ! I do not see why she have to have this pain . rick ma'am , it 's not my patient sally it 's time for she shot . do you understand ? do something . ( start to really lose it ) all she have to do be hold on until ten and it 's past ten ! she 's in pain . my daughter be in pain ! give she the shot . do you understand ? give she the shot ! give my daughter the shot ! Rick look '' concerned '' , nod , head off stage . sally ( cont would ) thank you very much . thank you . Sally look down , solemnly , then look up . sally ( cont would ) and , scene . the class erupt in applause . gene cousineau , 50 's , act teacher extraordinaire , bound up on stage and hug she . cousineau ( to Sally ) I be sorry I have to do that . I love you . ( more ) ( continued ) 14 . continued : cousineau ( cont would ) ( to student ) as the beautiful Sally just demonstrate , this class be about life . I want you to make a life for yourself up on this stage . give she another hand , she deserve you praise . Barry 's intrigue by this , when ... voice ( 0.c. ) hey , man ... Barry turn and be face to face with ryan , who stand two foot from he hold a script . ryan I have not see you here before . be you new to this class ? barry uh. I be ... ryan I be Ryan . Ryan madison . he hold out he hand to shake . Barry hesitates , then ... shake he hand . ryan ( cont would ) I be suppose to put up a scene with Matt Kennedy , but he get a catering gig . everyone else have a partner . can you help I out ? Ryan hold the script page out to Barry , who do not know what to say . trevor ( 0.c. ) Ryan madison and Matt Kennedy ! Barry turn to see cousineau and everyone in the theater staring at he and Ryan . cousineau Ryan , you be up . where 's Kennedy ? ryan not here . ( point ) I be go to do the scene with he . ( continued ) 15 . continued : cousineau ( to Barry ) who be you ? everyone stare at Barry . finally ... barry I be Barry . int . SMALL theater - a little later Ryan , now wear a rasta wig , sit at a table with some chinese food box on it . upstage , Sally and a couple other woman in the class stand on wooden box pretend to dance '' sexily '' . Barry enter , hold a script . we quickly realize this be a rendition of a scene from true romance . ryan ( as '' drexl '' ) grab a seat there , boy . want some dinner ? grab yourself a eggroll . we get everything here froma diddle - eye joe to a damned - if - I - know . Long beat . Barry look at he script page , then ... barry ( as '' clarence '' ) no thanks . ryan no thanks ? what do that mean ? means you eat before you come on down here ? all full ? be that it ? Nah , I do not think so . I think you be too scared to be eatin' . see , if I ask you if you want some dinner and you grab a eggroll and start to chow down , I would say to myself ' this motherfucker 's carryin ' on like he be not get a care in the world . who know , maybe he do not maybe this fool 's such a bad motherfucker , he do not get to worry about nothin' . he jus ' sit down , eat my chinese , watch my tv . ' ( more ) ( continued ) 16 . continued : ryan ( cont would ) see ? you be not even sit down yet . on that tv there , since you be in the room , be a woman with she titty hangin ' out , and you be not even bother to look . you jus ' be starin ' at I . now , I know I be pretty , but I be not as pretty as a couple a titty . another long beat , then ... Barry realize it 's time to take a envelope from he pocket and drop it on the table . beat . then ... barry ( as clarence ) I be not eatin ' ' cause I be not hungry . I be not sittin' ' cause I be not stayin ' . I be not lookin ' at the movie ' cause I see it seven year ago . it 's the mack with Max Julian , Carol speed and Richard pryor , write by Bobby poole , direct by Michael campus , and release by cinema releasing company in nineteen - seventy - four . I be not scared of you . I just do not like you . in that envelope be some payoff money . that price be non-negotiable . what 's in that envelope be for my peace of mind . my peace of mind be worth that much . not one penny more . not one penny more . Ryan pick up the envelope and look inside , act surprised at what he see . ryan it 's empty . Barry stand there . then , Ryan very '' dramatically '' stare at Barry . suddenly , he knock the table over and lunge at Barry , cock a fist back as if to punch he in the face but right before he throw the punch he stop , break character . ryan ( cont would ) and , scene ! the class all applaud . cousineau stare at the two on stage , nodd . ( continued ) 17 . continued : cousineau ( to Barry ) what 's you name again ? barry Barry cousineau Barry what ? barry belkin . cousineau well , Barry belkin , you have use up you free audit . if you want to return to my class Thursday you will have to prepare a monologue . ( smile ) you know who you two remind I of ? 1976 . I be play hamlet on the road and do you know who be my Horatio ? a little know actor name Tom hank . the student react . that 's insane . cousineau ( cont would ) I see Tom at gelson 's a couple of week ago and tell he about you guy . he say when he get the time he would love to pop by and say hello . ( knowingly ) if that 's okay with you . Holy shit ! as the student freak out , Barry try to sneak away but can not . he 's literally trap in a spotlight . ext . toluca lake theater - night Barry exit the theater , start to head for he car when ... sally ( 0.c. ) hey ! Barry ! Barry turn to see Sally stand with several other smoking actor who drink coffee . she head over to he . sally hey . I just want to say sorry for snap at you back there . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 18 . sally ( cont would ) I have just start go through my character checklist , and I be right in the middle of think about my rape , and how to use it in the scene . barry you rarr -- sally I be rape by my father 's friend . it 's why I have social anxiety . and body issue . it 's probably why I get my breast do . I use my rape a lot . anyway , I be sorry . barry oh. oka -- sally do not worry about what happen in there . I suck the first time I go up . you will just get better the more you do it . barry I do not think I be go to -- sally what be you gonna do for you monologue ? I do the scene from the blind side when Sandy bullock interrupt football practice . " this team be you family . you protect he blind side . " do you remember that ? it win she a oscar . barry uh - sally what would be a good mono for you ? let 's go brainstorm . c'mon a bunch of we be go to residual . barry what 's residual ? int . residual - night a Studio City water - hole serve starve actor for decade . ( continued ) 19 . continued : sign head - shot of up - and -comer and never - be 'e cover the wall , along with score of residual check in the amount of penny . Barry sit with a handful of folk from the class chat animatedly , Sally use up most of the oxygen in the conversation . sally what if you do Brad Pitt from fight Club , where he explain the rule of the fight club . that 's good one . or Brad from twelve monkey when he 's in the mental institution with Bruce ? so great . you could be all jittery and do he eye tick . he get a oscar nom for that . jermaine or you could do alec baldwin 's scene from glengarry glenross . that 's what I do . eric hey I too . dude ( 0.c . ) I too ! sally do you just move here , Barry ? barry uh yeah . I be from Cleveland . sally welcome to L.A. barry be you guy all from here ? sally Eric be from Florida , jermaine be from Denver , Antonio there be from Puerto Rico . you have a day job yet ? lydia can hook you up at Islands if you want to wait table . my girlfriend date the manager of the Standard , so if you have bartend experience , or you lie and say you do , I can get you a gig there . ( continued ) continued : 20 . barry I be okay . I have a job . sale . Auto part . sally that 's cool . I walk dog . Ryan 's a personal trainer ... a Hispanic guy approach , hand Sally a drink . sally ( cont would ) ... and Antonio here be a night security guard at a budweiser plant . barry oh , that 's cool . ANTONIO no . it suck . but it 's just my job , it 's not who I be . you know ? barry yeah . I think so . ANTONIO and now I have my day free to audition . I go in for a lot of cop and teacher . you know CSI ? I be this close to be a dead body on that show . next time I be go to book it . and after that ... ( full of inspiration ) I will play someone who be alive . sally it 's about talent for sure , but mostly it 's about passion . do you think meryl streep and caley cuoco become star just because they be the best ? no . they just want it the most . there 's always a million reason not to do something , Barry . but if you want it , go for it . she smile at Barry . she be pretty damn cute . " journal of ardency " by CLASS actress come on . sally ( cont would ) I fuck love this song ( to Barry ) c'mon . ( continued ) 21 . continued : barry I do not dance . sally bullshit , yeah you do . I can tell you wanna dance . barry ( she 's right ) sorry ... sally ( laugh ) no pressure . you will know where to find I . we follow sally as she skip out to the dance floor . the rest of the group follow she , leave Barry alone with a super drunk Ryan . Barry 's attention be split between do he job and watch Sally dance . barry Pov : slomo of Sally look over at he . song you think I be livin ' , I be livin ' , I be livin ' it up / in the spotlight . Barry be pretty sure she 's flirt with he . this never happen on a job . somewhere in he brain a voice be say " enjoy this " then : Ryan puke on Barry . ext . residual - night Ryan stumble out and puke again . two hipster smoking applaud . Barry approach he . barry you okay , dude ? ryan . can you get I a uber ? sally ( 0.c. ) Barry , can you please drive he home ? Barry turn to see Sally stand behind he . ( continued ) 22 . continued : _ sally that uber driver be creep . my friend Michelle and I be seriously almost murder by one in echo Park . ( to Barry ) good night . look forward to you monologue . she give he a kiss . it 's right on the line between friendly and sexual . she laugh at the puke on he shirt and head back inside . Barry be now alone in the parking lot with the guy he 's suppose to kill . barry lemme get my car . int . barry 's car - night Barry drive with the window down . ryan barrry ... I like you , man . you be like the cool quiet guy , just kind of sit there check it all out . barry I guess so . ryan I should be like that . I talk too much . I mean , not like Sally . she talk way way too much . but I get in trouble sometimes . you be cool . barry so do you always know you want to be a actor ? ryan no . get draft by the cub when I be seventeen . but instead of go into single - a ball I go to um on a baseball scholarship , first game , tear rotator cuff . done - zo . barry that 's too bad . ( continued ) continued : ext . ryan ' 23 . ryan it 's weird . I have my whole life mapped out , double a , triple a , the big ... and then in a second it be just go . but then when I be in rehab , I take a theater class , and that be it , man . a whole different door open . you know ? barry ( mull , then ... ) maybe . yeah . ryan and now since I know my way around the gym , I train . it pay the bill until I make it . barry Sally say she walk dog . ryan well , '' walk dog . '' you know . barry no . I do not know . ryan she 's a party girl . so , you know ... shit , see ? I talk too much . you say you do auto part ? you like it ? barry I do not know . it 's fine . I guess it 's like you be a trainer . I be good at it . ryan so you hate it . ( beat ) take a leave here . S apartment - studio CITY - continuous Barry 's camry be park in front of a modest apartment complex . ryan that 's my place there but quick , I wanna show you something ... ( continued ) 24 . continued : Ryan tumble out of the car and lean against the trunk . he point to the twinkle light of house high in the hill of Studio City . ryan ( cont would ) there . see that ? the day Ryan madison get a lead on a tv series , he 's go to buy a house up there . people say George clooney life off of mulholland , but that 's bullshit . he life in the hill of Studio City . that 's where it 's at , man . Barry mull this for a beat . ryan ( cont would ) Ryan 's not my real name . it 's Richard krempf . I change it . barry I do not mind Ryan madison . ryan you should change you name . barry why ? ryan because , Barry belkin be too plain . it sound like a accountant or something . you want something people can remember , like Barry block . right ? barry Barry block . why ? ryan cuz when I look at you I think ... block ... Barry do not know how to take this . ryan ( cont would ) yeah , that sound cooler . ( beat ) I think Sally like you . barry yeah ? ( continued ) 25 . continued : ryan and do not worry about that shit I tell you earlier . she 's a good girl . ( beat ) I have never go there if it make a difference . but I be fuck a client of mine . married lady . barry you should be careful . her husband might find out . could be bad for you . ryan no . no one 's gonna find out . but I feel bad about it . bad karma , man . right ? I be gonna stop . ( beat ) you be the only person who know , and you be cool , right ? barry sure . I be cool . Ryan stare off at the house , grow emotional . he drunkenly hug Barry . Barry know this be not a romantic gesture ; this be just a lonely guy reach out to another lonely guy . lipstick cam footage -- Barry and Ryan hugging by the boat . noho hank ( 0.c . ) what the fuck ? reveal : noho hank and thick neck ( twenty , tatted up monster ) be in a BMW down the street , case Ryan 's house . noho hank have the lipstick cam awkwardly attach to he steering wheel . dissolve to : int . barry 's HOTEL room - morning Light peek around the draw curtain . Barry 's fast asleep . his cell ring . barry yes . victor ( v.0 . ) belkin . it 's Vic . ( continued ) 26 . continued : barry yeah Vic ? victor ( v.0 . ) you get a minute ? barry what 's up Vic ? victor ( v.0o . ) you apartment blow up . barry what ? my apartment blow up ? victor ( v.0 . ) this morning . woke up the whole city . we be on the news . do you leave the gas on or something ? Barry get another call . he look at he cell : fuches . fuck . barry gotta go , vic. ( switch over . ) hey . fuches ( v.0o . ) open you door . Barry be not sure he hear he right . fuches ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) open . your. door . at the door : Barry cautiously open the door , revealing fuches ( 50' , suave in a cheap suit ) . he stare at Barry . barry you be fuches ? moment later : they sit across from each other , Barry on the bed and fuches in a chair that 's a little too big for he . he 's smaller than he voice let on . fuches do you know why we be meeting face to face for the first time ? barry because I fuck up . ( continued ) continued : 27 . fuches because you fuck up , Barry . cb be furious . and I tell they I would come here and personally fix this issue . that 's how important they business be to I . but clearly it 's not that important to you though , right ? now : what happen ? barry I tail he day one , and he go to this act class , and it 's kind of hard to explain but I end up do a scene with he from true romance . fuches true romance ? barry yeah . fuches what scene ? barry you know the movie ? fuches yes , I know the movie very well . barry you know the scene where clarence give drexl the empty envelope ? fuches where they fight . barry we stop right before that part . fuches so to clarify , you and you mark perform a scene from true romance in front of a class full of people who all now know you face ? barry I know , I know . ( continued ) continued : Barry can ' know why . 28 . fuches you know they get video of you two hugging ? you be alone on a empty street -- this be how it be describe to I -- at he front door ... hugging ! like two buddy ! ( beat , mount anger ) what the fuck ?! ( beat ) why do not you burn he and go home ? t explain or make a excuse , he honestly do not fuches ( cont would ) well fuck it . you be go to call cb and explain the hug away . say you know it look bad but that it 's part of you style . you get off on know you mark before you kill they or some shit . calm they fear and then do the guy and fuck off back to Cleveland . barry I have nothing leave in Cleveland . fuches ( dial number ) that 's you fault . here : fuches hand he cell to Barry . as fuches pace the room , noho hank answer -- noho hank ( v.o. ) this be hank . barry hi it 's Barry belkin . noho hank ( v.0o . ) ( happy he 's reach out ) hey man . barry hey . do you blow up my apartment ? noho hank ( v.o. ) look , I do not think I convey in we meeting why we can not handle Ryan in -house . goran do not want cb 's fingerprint on this in any way . ( more ) ( continued ) 29 . continued : noho hank ( v.0 . ) ( cont would ) a guy die and people ask question and if we fingerprint be on it , then people make assumption . barry goran do not want people to know he wife be fuck someone else . I get it . do you blow up my apartment ? fuches word " no one give a fuck about you apartment ! " and motion for he to wrap it up . noho hank ( v.0 . ) when goran see the footage from my lipstick cam of you and Ryan hugging , he feel like you need a nudge . usually a nudge be more discreet : a picture of you kid sleep , video of you wife blindfolded implore you to do the job . but , we look into it , and you do not really have any of that thing , so we have to blow up you apartment , which incidentally my guy think be empty . fuches notice something on Barry 's open laptop . he squint at it , confuse . barry ( for fuches ' benefit ) alright . that hug be part of my ... style . I , uh , get off on know my mark . noho hank that do not sound like it 's true . Barry do a slow burn toward fuches . barry look , I will finish it tonight . noho hank that 's great . great great . thanks for reach out Barry . I appreciate it and goran do to . look forward to talk once it 's do . good day . as he hang up , fuches approach with he laptop , seethe . ( continued ) 30 . continued : fuches ( be : laptop ) " the top ten most stir monologue in Movie History ? " Barry try to grab the laptop , but fuches keep it away . fuches ( cont would ) you motherfucker . you like that class . barry no , I be just ... I , uh , fuches .. want to become a actor ? do not take this the wrong way Barry but you be unexceptional . it 's actually exceptional how unexceptional you be . do not blow that . you know , to do you job you need to be unknown , not know . you know when they say some actor have '' it '' ? like lesley Ann Warren have '' it '' . that 's not what you want . you want to have '' who ? '' you want to have '' what ? '' you do not want to show up to burn a guy and have people say '' hey that 's the guy from the chicken commercial . '' because eventually that will get you kill . but really , I do not even give a shit about that . this speak to a larger issue , Barry . this be about not getting I kill you stupid fucking fuck ! fuches hurl the laptop across the room . he get into Barry 's face . fuches ( cont would ) get that class out of you head . you be stick with I . ext . toluca lake theater - night student file out , light up , smoke and chat . reveal : Barry be once again watch the theater from he camry across the street . Barry 's Pov : Sally , Ryan and the other actor emerge from the front of the theater , say they good - by and disperse . ( continued ) 31 . continued : Ryan and Sally walk down the street for a bit , and then part . now 's the time . let 's get this over with . Barry hop out of he car to follow Ryan when he spot cousineau saunter out of the theater , head to he escalade . Barry watch cousineau struggle adjust he seat . he look at Ryan , then cousineau . then : int . cousineau’s escalade - continuous finally get the seat how he like it , cousineau start the car when tap tap tap ! a startle cousineau look up to see Barry tapping at he window . Barry wave . cousineau roll down the window . barry Excuse I , Mr cousineau . cousineau you be not in class . barry yeah . I can not do it . I have to leave town . cousineau sorry to hear that . barry Mr. cousineau . I be just wonder , do you think I be good ? cousineau good at what ? barry good at act . cousineau give this question some real think . cousineau no Barry . I do not . to be honest , you performance run the gamut from teak to oak to pine . it be wooden and boring . do you know why ? because act be truth . and I see no truth in any of what you do . it be lie . it be artifice . to be a actor , you need to show a audience what 's in here . ( more ) ( continued ) continued cousineau cousineau silence . 32 . cousineau ( cont would ) ( point to Barry 's chest ) you understand ? no bullshit . I hate bullshit . I will not stand for it . and I can spot it like that . ( snap he finger ) I do not believe you , Barry . so you be better off go back to whatever nook of the world you call home . Hollywood be no place for phony . turn back to he car . barry I kill people for a live . stop -- barry ( cont would ) I mean real people . more than a hundred I think . and that 's not count any target defeat from the service . and I be good ; I just take to it I guess . I do two deployment , meet and lose my best friend , and , uh , then come home ... I be go to sell freeze yogurt when I know how to do all this stuff ? I end up hook up with this lawyer , and he say he have a job for I . he give I a picture of a guy , I do not know what this guy do but a day later I be ona roof wait for he to go to he car in this alley , and I tap he and I walk away . and the next day there 's a bunch of money in a envelope , and a few day later I get another call ... it be easy . so I keep do it . and that be seven year ago . and the weirdest part be , I never feel bad . be that strange , that I can do that to human being with life and family , and it 's just ... whatever ? then : cousineau what 's that from ? barry what ? ( continued ) continued : cousineau 33 . cousineau be that from the first rambo ? Richard crenna 's monologue at the end of the second act ? crenna 's a friend by the way . barry it 's not from anything . cousineau so you improvise that ? because just now ... I believe you . the story be a bit of nonsense -- alley sniper and that jazz -- but there be some truth there . huh. interesting . do you have a agent ? barry uh...kinda ...can I take you class ? cousineau possibly . I need to know that you will work hard and be a good citizen . and my class be not cheap . barry that 's not a problem . I can pay . cousineau it 's cash only . and you pay in advance . barry that 's not a problem . cousineau next class be tomorrow . here . two pm . we start on time . Barry ... what 's you last name , again ? barry block . Barry block . cousineau gene cousineau . I look forward to the journey . get back into he car , and drive away . Barry be elate ... then look around . the spell be break -- where do Ryan go ? shit. Barry run to he car . dissolve to : 34 . ext . ryan's apartment - studio CITY - night Ryan 's truck turn a corner and pass Barry 's camry , revealing Barry wait . he watch Ryan park on the street . Barry put on he glove , prime the Glock and step out of he car ... we follow he as he approach the truck ... as he get closer the engine grow ominously louder ... he can hear music play from inside ... he move around to the driver 's side and abruptly stop -- Ryan be dead . a bullet hole in he head . Barry follow the hole in he head to the bullet hole in the windshield , which mean the shot must have come from ... Barry peer across the STREET and see noho hank and thick neck in a BMW . lean out of the back window be lucky . he have a rifle with a silencer point at Barry . lipstick cam footage : Barry stare dumbly at the camera from across the street . noho hank ( 0.c. ) now . this be one shot : as lucky fire Barry quickly and collectively respond with he Glock . instead of retreate behind Ryan 's car , Barry walk toward the BMW : a two shot burst take out lucky , a two shot burst take out noho hank . this happen so fast that thick neck barely have time to process it before Barry be at the driver side window and shoot he three time , the last be a head shot that send brain all over the interior of the car . this all happen incredibly fast and it 's violent and unsettle and do not affect Barry at all . he calmly walk away , instinctively dissemble he gun and toss piece in a trash can , a storm drain , throw the car key into some bush , etc . int . noho hank be BMW - continuous the car be silent , noho hank and thick neck lay motionless . through the windshield , we see Barry disappear down the street ... then focus on noho hank's lipstick cam , still attach to the steering wheel ... ext . ventura blvd - studio CITY - moment later Barry walk casually down the street ; just a guy out for a late night walk . he spot twain diner across the street ... 35 . int . twain diner - continuous the place be sparsely populate . Barry sit at booth . a waitress bring he a menu . barry thanks . as Barry check out the menu , police car and ambulance scream to a halt across the street . they light strobe the inside of the diner . waitress God , I wonder what 's goin ' on over there ? barry can I get a coffee ? waitress that 's all you want ? okay . the waitress put he order in and then settles in at the counter . Barry notice she 's go over side from a script . barry what do you have there ? waitress I have get a audition tomorrow . ( smile ) I be a actor . Barry smile back . barry so be I . " journal of ardency " kick back in as we : CUT to black . credit . ( continued ) continued : 36 .