barton fink screenplay by ethan coen &amp ; Joel coen fade in : on barton fink he be a bespectacle man in he thirty , hale but somewhat bookish . he stand , tuxedoe , in the wing of a theater , look out at the stage , listen intently to end of a performance . in the shadow behind he a old stagehand lean against a flat , expressionlessly smoking a cigarette , one hand on a thick rope that hang from the ceiling . the voice of the perform actor echo in from the offscreen stage : actor I be blowin ' out of here , blowin ' for good . I be kissin ' it all goodbye , this four stinkin ' wall , the six flight up , the el that roar by at three a.m. like a castiron wind . kiss them goodbye for I , maury ! I will miss them '' like hell I will ! actress dream again ! actor not this time , lil ! I be awake now , awake for the first time in year . uncle Dave say it : daylight be a dream if you have live with you eye close . well my eye be open now ! I see that choir , and I know they be dress in rag ! but we be part of that choir , both of we '' yeah , and you , maury , and uncle Dave too ! maury the sun 's come up , kid . they will be hawk the fish down on fulton Street . actor let them hawk . let them sing they heart out . maury that 's it , kid . take that ruin choir . make it sing ! actor so long , maury . maury so long . we hear a door open and close , then approach footstep . a tall , dark actor in a use tweed suit and carry a beat - up valise pass in front of Barton : from offscreen stage : maury we will hear from that kid . and I do not mean a postcard . the actor set the valise down and then stand wait int he shadow behind Barton . a older man in work clothes '' not wardrobe '' pass in front of Barton from the other direction , pause at the edge of the stage and cup he hand to he mouth . older man fish ! fresh fish ! as the man walk back off the screen : lily let 's spit on we hand and get to work . it 's late , maury . maury not any more lil ... Barton mouth the last line in sync with the offscreen actor : maury ... it 's early . with this the stagehand behind Barton furiously pull the rope hand - over-hand and we hear thunderous applause and shout of " bravo ! " as the stagehand finish bring the curtain down , somewhat mute the applause , the backstage actor trot out of frame toward the stage . the stagehand pull on a adjacent rope , bring the curtain back up and unmute the applause . Barton fink seem daze . he have be join by two other man , both dress in tuxedo , both beam toward the stage . barton' Pov look across a tenement set at the back of the cast as the curtain rise on the enthusiastic house . the actor take they bow and the cry of " author , author " go up from the crowd . the actor turn to smile at Barton in the wing . barton he hesitates , unable to take it all in . he be gently nudge toward the stage by the two tuxedoe gentleman . as he exit toward the stage the applause be deafen . tracking shot push a maitre would who look back over he shoulder as he lead the way through the restaurant . maitre 'd you table be ready , monsieur fink ... several member of you party have already arrive ... reverse pull Barton fink be garland Stanford here ? maitre 'd he call to say he would be a few minute late ... ah , here we be ... tracking in toward a large semi-circular booth . Three guest , two I and a woman in evening wear , be rise and beam at Barton . a fat middle - age man , one of the tuxedoe gentleman we see backstage , be move out to let Barton slide in . man Barton , Barton , so glad you could make it . you know Richard St. Claire ... Barton nod and look at the woman . man ... and poppy carnahan . we be drink champagne , dear boy , in honor of the occasion . have you see the Herald ? Barton look sullenly at he champagne glass as the fat man fill it . barton not yet . man well , I do not want to embarrass you but caven could hardly contain himself . but more important , Richard and poppy here love the play . poppy love it ! what power ! richard yeah , it be a corker . barton thanks , Richard , but I know for a fact the only fish you have ever see be tack to a the wall of the yacht club . richard ouch ! man bravo ! nevertheless , we be all devastate . poppy weeping ! copius tear ! what do the Herald say ? man I happen to have it with I . barton please derek '' poppy do read it , do ! derek " bare ruine choir : triumph of the common man . the star of the bare ruine choir be not see on the stage of the belasco last night '' though the thespian involved all acquitted themselves admirably . the find of the evening be the author of this drama about simple folk '' fish monger , in fact '' whose brute struggle for existence cannot quite quell they long for something higher . the playwright find nobility in the most squalid corner and poetry in the most calluse speech . a tough new voice in the american theater have arrive , and the owner of that voice be name ... Barton fink . " barton they will be wrapping fish in it in the morning so I guess it 's not a total waste . poppy cynic ! derek well we can enjoy you success , Barton , even if you can not . barton do not get I wrong '' I be glad it will do well for you , derek . derek do not worry about I , dear boy '' I want you to celebrate . barton all right , but I can not start listen to the critic , and I can not kid myself about my own work . a writer write from he gut , and he gut tell he what 's good and what 's ... merely adequate . poppy well I do not pretend to be a critic , but Lord , I have a gut , and it tell I it be simply marvelous . richard and a charming gut it be . poppy you dog ! richard ( bay ) aaa-woooooooo ! Barton turn to look for the source of a insistent jingling . we swish pan off he to find a busboy march through the restaurant display a page sign , bell attach , with Barton 's name on it . tracking in toward a bar a distinguished fifty - year- old gentleman in evening clothes be nursing a martini , watch Barton approach . pulling barton as he draw near . barton I think you be go to join we . Jesus , garland , you leave I alone with that people . garland do not panic , I will join you in a minute . what 's you think of Richard and poppy ? Barton scowl barton the play be marvelous . she wept , copiously . million of dollar and no sense . garland smile , then draw Barton close . garland we have to talk a little business . I have just be on the phone to Los Angeles . Barton , Capitol picture want to put you under contract . they have offer you a thousand dollar a week . I think I can get they to go as high as two . barton to do what ? garland what do you do far a live ? barton I be not sure anymore . I guess I try to make a difference . garland Fair enough . no pressure here , Barton , because I respect you , but let I point out a couple of thing . one , here you make a difference to five hundred fifty people a night '' if the show sell out . eighty five million people go to the picture every week . barton to see pap . garland yes , generally , to see pap . however , point number two : a brief tenure in Hollywood could support you through the write of any number of play . barton I do not know , garland ; my place be here right now . I feel I be on the brink of success - garland I would say you be already enjoy some . Barton lean earnestly forward . barton no , garland , do not you see ? not the kind of success where the critic fawn over you or the producer like derek make a lot of money . no , a real success '' the success we have be dream about '' the creation of a new , live theater of , about , and for the common man ! if I run off to Hollywood now I would be make money , go to party , meeting the big shot , sure , but I would be cut myself off from the wellspring of that success , from the common man . he lean back and chuckle ruefully . barton ... I guess I be sprout off again . but I be certain of this , garland : I be capable of more good work . maybe better work than I do in choir . it just do not seem to I that Los Angeles be the place to lead the life of mind . garland okay Barton , you be the artist , I be just the ten percenter . you decide what you want and I will make it happen . I be only ask that you decision be inform by a little realism '' if I can use that word and Hollywood in the same breath . Barton glumly light a cigarette and gaze out across the floor . garland study he . garland ... look , they love you , kid '' everybody do . you see caven 's review in the Herald ? barton no , what do it say ? garland take my copy . you be the toast of Broadway and you have the opportunity to redeem that for a little cash '' strike that , a lot of cash . garland look at Barton for a reaction , but get none . garland ... the common man'll still be here when you get back . what the hell , they might even have one or two of them out in Hollywood . absently : barton ... that 's a rationalization , garland . garland smile gently . garland Barton , it be a joke . we hear a distant rumble . it build slowly and we cut to : a great wave crush against the Pacific shore . the roar of the surf slip away as we dissolve to : HOTEL lobby a high wide shot from the front door , look down across wilting pot palm , brass cuspidor turn green , ratty wing chair ; the fade decor be deco- go - to-seed . amber light , afternoon turn to evening , slope in from behind we , wash the derelict lobby with golden highlight . Barton fink enter frame from beneath the camera and stop in the middle foreground to look across the lobby . we be frame on he back , he coat and hat . the lobby be empty . there be a suspend beat as Barton take it in . Barton move toward the front desk . the reverse as Barton stop at the empty desk . he hit a small silver bell next to the register . its ring - out go on and on without lose volume . after a long beat there be a dull scuffle of shoe on stair . Barton , puzzle , look around the empty lobby , then down at the floor behind the front desk . a trap door it swing open and a young man in a fade maroon uniform , hold a shoebrush and a shoe '' not one of he own '' climb up from the basement . he close the trap door , step up to the desk and stick he finger out to touch the small silver bell , finally mute it . the lobby be now silent again . clerk welcome to the Hotel earle . May I help you , sir ? barton I be check in . Barton fink . the clerk flip through card on the desk . clerk f-i-n - k . fink , Barton . that must be you , huh ? barton must be . clerk okay then , everything seem to be in order . everything seem to be in order . he be turn to a register around for Barton to sign . clerk ... be you a tranz or a rez ? barton Excuse I ? clerk transient or resident ? barton I do not know ... I mean , I will be here , uh , indefinitely . clerk rez . that will be twenty - five fifty a week payable in advance . checkout time be twelve sharp , only you can forget that on account you be a rez . if you need anything , anything at all , you dial zero on you personal in - room telephone and talk to I . my name be Chet . barton well , I be go to be work here , mostly at night ; I be a writer . do you have room service ? clerk Kitchen close at eight but I be the night clerk . I can always ring out for sandwich . the clerk be scribbling something on the back of a index card . clerk ... though we provide privacy for the residential guest , we be also a full service hotel include complimentary shoe shine . my name be Chet . he push a room key across the counter on top of the index card . Barton look at the card . on it : " chet ! " Barton look back up at the clerk . they regard each other for a beat . clerk ... okay barton huh ? the clerk . clerk okey -dokey , go ahead . barton what '' clerk do not you wanna go to you room ?! Barton stare at he . barton ... what number be it ? the clerk stare back . clerk ... six - oh-five . I forget to tell you . as Barton stoops to pick up he two small bag : clerk ... that you only bag ? barton the other be be send . the clerk lean over the desk to call after he : clerk I will keep a eye out for they . I will keep my eye peel , Mr. fink . Barton be walk to the elevator . elevator Barton enter and set down he bag . a age man with white stubble , wear a greasy maroon uniform , sit on a stool face the call panel . he do not acknowledge Barton 's presence . after a beat : barton ... six , please . the elevator man get slowly to he foot . as he push the door close : elevator man next stop : six . sixth-floor hallway Barton walk slowly toward we , examine the number on the door . the long , straight hallway be carpete with a old stain forest green carpet . the wallpaper show fade yellowing palm tree . Barton stick he key in the lock of a door midway down the hall . he room as Barton enter . the room be small and cheaply furnish . there be a lumpy bed with a wear yellow coverlet , a old secretary table , and a wooden luggage stand . as Barton cross the room we follow to reveal a sink and wash basin , a house telephone on a rickety night stand , and a window with yellowing sheer look on a air shaft . Barton throw he valise onto the bed where it sink , jittering . he shrug off he jacket . pip of sweat stand out on Barton 's brow . the room be hot . he walk across the room , switch on a oscillate fan and struggle to throw open the window . after he strain at it for a moment , it slide open with a great wrenching sound . Barton pick up he underwood and place it on the secretary table . he give the machine a casually affectionate pat . next to the typewriter be a few sheet of house stationary : " the HOTEL earle : a day or a lifetime . " we pan up to a picture in a cheap wooden frame on the wall above the desk . a bathing beauty sit on the beach under a cobalt blue sky . one hand shield she eye from the sun as she look out at a crash surf . the sound of the surf mix up . barton look at the picture tracking in on the picture the surf mix up louder . we hear a gull cry . the sound snap off with the ring of a telephone . the house phone on the nightstand next to the bed . with a groan of bedspring Barton sit into frame and pick up the telephone . voice how d'ya like you room ! barton ... who be this ? voice Chet ! barton ... who ? voice Chet ! from downstairs ! Barton wearily rub the bridge of he nose . voice ... how d'ya like you room ! a pillow as Barton 's head drop down into frame against it . he reach over and turn off the bedside light . he lie back and close he eye . a long beat . we hear a faint hum , grow louder . Barton open he eye . he Pov a naked , peel ceiling . the hum '' a mosquito , perhaps '' stop . barton his eye move this way and that . after a silent beat , he shut they again . after another silent beat , we hear '' muffle , probably from be adjacent room '' a brief , die laugh . it be sighing and weary , like the end of a laugh fit , almost a sob . silence again . we hear the rise mosquito hum . fade out executive office Barton fink be ushere into a large , light office by a obsequious middle - age man in a sagging suit . there be mosquito bite on Barton 's face . reverse from behind a huge white desk , a burly man in a expensive suit get to he foot and stride across the room . man be that he ?! Barton fink ?! lemme put my arm around this guy ! he bear-hug Barton . man ... how the hell be ya ? good trip ? he separate without wait for a answer . man my name be Jack lipnik . I run this dump . you know that '' you read the papers . lipnik be lumber back to he desk . man Lou treat you all right ? get everything you need ? what the hell 's the matter with you face ? what the hell 's the matter with he face , Lou ? barton it 's not as bad as it look ; just a mosquito in my room '' lipnik place okay ? to Lou : lipnik ... where do we put he ? barton I be at the earle . lipnik never hear of it . let 's move he to the Grand , or the wilshire , or hell , he can stay at my place . barton thanks , but I want a place that be less ... lipnik less Hollywood ? sure , say it , it 's not a dirty word . Sat whatever the hell you want . the writer be king here at Capitol picture . you do not believe I , take a look at you paycheck at the end of every week '' that 's what we think of the writer . ( to Lou ) ... so what kind of picture do he like ? lou Mr. fink have not give a preference , Mr. lipnik . lipnik how 's about it , Bart ? barton to be honest , I do not go to the picture much , Mr. lipnik '' lipnik that 's okay , that 's okay , that 's okay '' that 's just fine . you probably just walk in here think that be go to be a handicap , think we want people who know something about the medium , maybe even think there be all kind of technical mumbo- jumbo to learn . you be dead wrong . we be only interested in one thing : can you tell a story , Bart ? can you make we laugh , can you make we cry , can you make we wanna break out in joyous song ? be that more than one thing ? okay . the point be , I run this dump and I do not know the technical mumbo-jumbo . why do I run it ? I have get horse - sense , goddamnit . showmanship . and also , and I hope Lou tell you this , I bigger and meaner than any other kike in this town . do you tell he that , Lou ? and I do not mean my dick 's bigger than yours , it 's not a sexual thing '' although , you be the writer , you would know more about that . coffee ? barton ... yes , thank you . lipnik Lou . Lou immediately rise and leave . lipnik 's tone become confidential : lipnik ... he use to have share in the company . a ownership interest . get buy out in the twenty '' muscle out accord to some . Hell , accord to I . so we keep he around , he 's get a family . poor schmuck . he 's sensitive , do not mention the old day . oh hell , say whatever you want . look , barring a preference , Bart , we be gonna put you to work on a wrestle picture . wallace beery . I say this because they tell I you know the poetry of the street . that would rule out western , pirate picture , screwball , Bible , Roman ... he rise and start pace . lipnik but look , I be not one of this guy think poetic have gotta be fruity . we be together on that , be not we ? I mean I be from New York myself '' well , minsk if you wanna go way back , which we will not if you do not mind and I be not askin' . now people be gonna tell you , wrestle . wallace beery , it 's a B picture . you tell they , bullshit . we do not make B picture here at Capitol . let 's put a stop to that rumor right now . Lou enter with coffee . lipnik ... thanks lou. join we . join we . talk about the wallace beery picture . lou excellent picture . lipnik we get a treatment on it yet ? lou no , not yet Jack . we just buy the story . Saturday even Post . lipnik okay , the hell with the story . wallace beery be a wrestler . I wanna know he hope , he dream . naturally , he will have to get mix up with a bad element . and a romantic interest . you know the drill . romantic interest , or else a young kid . a orphan . what do you think , Lou ? wally a little too old for a romantic interest ? look at I , a writer in the room and I be askin ' Lou what the goddamn story should be ! after a robust laugh , he beam at Barton . lipnik ... well Bart , which be it ? orphan ? Dame ? barton ... both maybe ? there be a disappointed silence . lipnik look at Lou . Lou clear he throat . lou ... maybe we should do a treatment . lipnik ah , hell , let Bart take a crack at it . he will get into the swing of thing or I do not know writer . let 's make it a dame , Bart , keep it simple . we do not gotta tackle the world we first time out . the important thing be we all have that Barton fink feel , but since you be Barton fink I be assume you have it in spade . seriously Bart , I like you . we be off to a good start . dammit , if all we writer be like you I would not have to get so goddamn involved . I would like to see something by the end of the week . Lou be get to he foot and signal for Barton to do likewise . lipnik ... Heard about you show , by the way . my man in New York see it . tell I it be pretty damn powerful . pretty damn move . a little fruity , he say , but I guess you know what you be do . thank you for you heart . we need more heart in picture . we be all expect great thing . tracking shot we be in the sixth - floor hallway of the earle , late at night . a pair of shoe sit before each door . faintly , from one of the room , we can hear the clack . clack . clack . of a typewriter . it grow louder as we track forward . extreme close shot '' typewriter Close on the type so that we see only each letter as it be type , without context . one by one the letter clack on : a-u-d-i-b-l-e . after a short beat , a period strike . barton elbow on he desk , he look down at what he have just write . he roll the paper up a few line , look some more . the page it say : fade in : a tenement build on Manhattan 's lower East side . early morning traffic be audible . barton after a beat he roll the sheet back into place . extreme close shot the letter-strike area . it be line up to the last period , which be strike over by a comma . the word " as be " be type in and we cut back to '' barton '' as he continue type . he stop after several more character and look . silence . break the silence , muffle laughter from a adjacent room . a man 's laughter . it be weary , solitary , mirthless . Barton look up at the wall directly in front of he . he Pov the picture of the girl on the beach . barton stare , as the end-of - the-tether laugh continue . Barton look back down at he typewriter as if to resume work , but the sound be too insistent to ignore . wide shot the room , Barton sit at he desk , stare at the wall . the laughter . Barton push he chair back , go to the door , open it and look out . he Pov the empty hallway , a pair of shoe before each door . at the end of the hall a dim red bulb burn over the door to the staircase , punctuate the sick yellow glow of the line of wall sconce . the laughter , though still faint , be more resonant in the empty hall . perhaps its quality have change , or perhaps simply because it be so insistent , the laughter now might be take for weep . Barton pause , try to interpret the sound . he slowly withdraw into he room . he room Barton look down at he typewriter for a beat . the laughter / weep continue . he walk over to he bed , sit down and pick up the house phone . barton hello ... Chet ? this be Barton fink in room 605 . yes , there 's uh , there 's someone in the room next door to mine , 604 , and he 's uh ... he 's uh ... make a lot of ... noise . after a beat : barton ... thank you . he cradle the phone . the laughter continue for a moment or two , then abruptly stop with the muffle sound of the telephone ringing next door . Barton look at the wall . the muffle sound of a man talk . the sound of the earpiece be pronge . muffled footstep next door . the sound of the neighbor 's door open and shutting . footstep approach the hall . a hard , present knock at Barton 's door . Barton hesitates for a beat , then rise to go get the door . on the door as Barton open it . stand in the hall be a large man '' a very large man '' in short sleeve , suspender , and loosen tie . his face be slightly flushed , with the beginning of sweat . man do you ... somebody just complain ... hastily : barton no , I do not '' I mean , I do call down , not to complain exactly , I be just concerned that you might '' not that it 's my business , but that you might be in some kind of ... distress . you see , I be try to work , and it 's , well , it be difficult '' man yeah . I be damn sorry , if I bother you . the damn wall here , well , I just apologize like hell ... he stick he hand out . man ... my name 's Charlie meadow . I guess we be neighbor ... without reach for the hand . barton Barton fink . unfaze , Charlie meadow unpocket a flask . charlie neighbor , I would feel better about the damned inconvenience if you would let I buy you a drink . barton that 's all right , really , thank you . charlie all right , hell , you try to work and I carry on in there . look , the liquor 's good , wuddya say ? as he enter : charlie ... you get a glass ? it 's the least I can do . barton okay ... a quick one , sure ... he get two glass from the wash basin . Charlie sit down on the edge of the bed and uncork he flask . charlie yeah , just a nip . I feel like hell , all the carrying - on next door . barton that 's okay , I assure you . it 's just that I be try to work '' charlie what kind of work do you do , Barton , if you do not mind my ask ? barton well , I be a writer , actually . charlie you do not say . that 's a tough racket . my hat 's off to anyone who can make a go of it . damned interesting work , I would imagine . barton can be . not easy , but '' charlie damned difficult , I would imagine . as he hand Charlie a glass : barton and what 's you line , Mr. meadow ? charlie Hell no ! call I Charlie . well Barton , you might say I sell peace of mind . insurance be my game '' door- to - door , human contact , still the only way to move merchandise . he fill a glass with whiskey and swap it for the empty glass . charlie ... in spite of what you might think from tonight , I be pretty good at it . barton do not surprise I at all . charlie Hell yes . because I believe in it . Fire , theft , and casualty be not thing that only happen to other people '' that 's what I tell them . write do not work out , you might want to look into it . provide for basic human need '' a fella could do worse . barton thanks , I will keep it in mind . charlie what kind of scribbler be you '' newspaperman do you say ? barton no , I be actually write for the picture now '' charlie picture ! Jesus ! he guffaw . charlie ... I be sorry , brother , I be just sit here think I be talk to some ambitious youngster , eager to make good . Hell , you have get it make ! write for picture ! beating out that competition ! and I be patronize ! he gesture toward he face : charlie ... be the egg show or what ?! barton that 's okay ; actually I be just start out in the movie '' though I be pretty well establish in New York , some renown there , charlie oh , it 's a exciting time then . I be not the best - read mug on the planet , so I guess it 's no surprise I do not recognize you name . Jesus , I feel like a heel . for the first time Barton smile . barton that 's okay , Charlie . I be a playwright . my show have only play New York . last one get a hell of a write - up in the Herald . I guess that 's why they want I here . charlie Hell , why not ? everyone want quality . what kind of venue , that be to say , thematically , uh ... barton what do I write about ? Charlie laugh . charlie caught I try to be fancy ! yeah , that 's it , Bart . barton well , that 's a good question . strange as it may seem , Charlie , I guess I write about people like you . the average work stiff . the common man . charlie well be not that a kick in the head ! barton yeah , I guess it be . but in a way , that 's exactly the point . there 's a few people in New York '' hopefully we number be grow '' who feel we have a opportunity now to forge something real out of everyday experience , create a theater for the mass that 's base on a few simple truth '' not on some shopworn abstraction about drama that do not hold true today , if they ever do ... he gaze at Charlie . barton ... I do not guess this mean much to you . charlie Hell , I could tell you some storey '' barton and that 's the point , that we all have storey . the hope and dream of the common man be as noble as that of any king . it 's the stuff of life '' why should not it be the stuff of theater ? goddamnit , why should that be a hard pill to swallow ? do not call it new theater , Charlie ; call it real theater . call it we theater . charlie I can see you feel pretty strongly about it . barton well , I do not mean to get up on my high horse , but why should not we look at ourselves up there ? who care about the fifth Earl of bastrop and Lady higginbottom and '' and '' and who kill Nigel grinch - gibbon ? charlie I can feel my butt get sore already . barton exactly , Charlie ! you understand what I be say '' a lot more than some of this literary type . because you be a real man ! charlie and I could tell you some storey '' barton sure you could ! and yet many writer do everything in they power to insulate themselves from the common man '' from where they live , from where they trade , from where they fight and love and converse and '' and '' and ... so naturally they work suffer , and regresses into empty formalism and '' well , I be spout off again , but to put it in you language , the theater become as phony as a three dollar bill . charlie yeah , I guess that 's tragedy right there . barton frequently play , seldom remark . Charlie laugh . charlie whatever that mean . Barton smile with he . barton you be all right , Charlie . I be glad you stop by . I be sorry if '' well I know I sometimes run on . charlie Hell no ! Jesus , I be the kind of guy , I will let you know if I be bored . I find it all pretty damned interesting . I be the kind schmoe who 's generally interested in the other guy 's point of view . barton well , we have get something in common then . Charlie be get to he foot and walk to the door . charlie well Christ , if there 's any way I can contribute , or help , or whatever '' Barton chuckle and extend he hand . barton sure , sure Charlie , you can help by just be yourself . charlie well , I can tell you some storey '' he pump Barton 's hand , then turn and pause in the doorway . charlie ... and look , I be sorry as hell about the interruption . too much revelry late at night , you forget there be other people in the world . barton see you , Charlie . Charlie close the door and be go . Barton go back to he desk and sit . muffled , we can hear the door of the adjacent room open and close . Barton look at the wall . he Pov the bathing beauty . from offscreen we hear a sticky , adhesive - give - way sound . barton he look around to the opposite '' bed '' wall . he Pov the wallpaper be lightly sheen with moisture from the heat . one swath of wallpaper be just finish sagging away from the wall . about three foot of the wall , where it meet the ceiling , be expose . the strip of wallpaper , its glue apparently melt , sag and nod above the bed . it glisten yellow , like a fleshy tropical flower . back to barton he go over to the bed and step up onto it . he smooth the wallpaper back up against the wall . he look at he hand . he hand sticky with tacky yellow wall sweat . he wipe it onto he shirt . we hear a faint mosquito hum . Barton look around . fade out a typewriter whir at high speed . the key strike too quickly for we to make out the word . slow track in on Barton , sit on a couch in a office anteroom , stare blankly . distant phone ring . Barton 's eye be tired and bloodshot . he Pov a gargoyle secretary sit type a document . the office door open in the background and a short middle - age man in a dark suit emerge . to he secretary : executive I be eat on the lot today '' he notice Barton . executive ... who 's he ? the secretary look over from she type to consult a slip of paper on she desk . secretary Barton fink , Mr. geisler . geisler more please . barton I be a writer , Mr. geisler . Ted okum say I should drop by morning to see you about the '' geisler ever act ? barton ... huh ? no , I be '' geisler we need Indians for a norman steele western . barton I be a writer . Ted o '' geisler think about it , fink . writer come and go ; we always need Indians . barton I be a writer . Ted okum say you be produce this wallace beery picture I be work on . geisler what !? Ted okum do not know shit . they have assign I enough picture for a goddamn year . what Ted okum do not know you could almost squeeze into the Hollywood bowl . barton then who should I talk to ? geisler give a hostile stare . without look at she , he address the secretary : geisler get I Lou Breeze . he perches on the edge of the desk , a open hand out toward the secretary , as he glare wordlessly at Barton . after a moment : secretary be he in for Mr. geisler ? she put the phone in geisler 's hand . geisler Lou ? how 's lipnik 's ass smell this morning ?... yeah ?... yeah ?... okay , the reason I be call , I get a writer here , fink , all screwy . say I be produce that wallace beery wrestle picture '' what be I , the goddamn janitor around here ?... yeah , well who would you get that from ?... yeah , well tell lipnik he can kiss my dimple ass ... shit ! no , alright ... no , no , all right . without look he reach the phone back . the secretary take it and cradle it . geisler ... okay kid , let 's chow . commissary Barton and geisler sit eat in a semicircular booth . geisler speak through a mouthful of food : geisler do not worry about it . it 's just a B picture . I bring it in on budget , they will book it without even screen it . life be too short . barton but lipnik say he want to look at the script , see something by the end of the week . geisler sure he do . and he forget about it before you ass leave he sofa . barton okay . I be just have trouble get start . it 's funny , I be block up . I feel like I need some kind of indication of ... what 's expect '' geisler wallace beery . wrestling picture . what do you need , a road map ? geisler chew on he cottage cheese and stare at Barton . geisler ... look , you be confuse ? you need guidance ? talk to another writer . barton who ? geisler rise and throw he napkin onto he plate . geisler Jesus , throw a rock in here , you will hit one . and do I a favor , fink : throw it hard . commissary men' room Barton stand at a urinal . he stare at the wall in front of he as he pee . after a moment , he cock he head , listen . we hear a throat clear , as if by a tenor prepare for a difficult passage . it be follow by the gurgle ruch of vomit . Barton button he pants and turn to face the stall . there be more businesslike throat clear . Barton stoops . he Pov we boom down to show the blue serge pants and well - polished shoe of the stall 's kneel occupant . a white handkerchief have be spread on the floor to protect the trouser knee . the toilet flush . the man rise , pick up he handkerchief up off the floor and give it a smart flap . barton he quickly straighten and go to the sink . he start wash he hand . we hear the stall door be unlatch . Barton glance over he shoulder . he Pov the stall door open . barton quickly , self - consciously , he look back down at he hand . he Pov his hand writhe under the run water . we hear footstep approach . barton force himself to look at he hand . we hear the man reach the adjacent sink and turn on the tap . Barton can not help glance up . the man a dapper little man in a neat blue serge suit . he have warm brown eye , a patrician nose , and a salt - and - pepper mustache . he smile pleasantly at Barton . barton he give a nervous smile '' more like a tic '' and look back down at he hand . we hear the man gargle water and spitting into the sink . after a moment , Barton look up again . the man reacting to barton 's look as he wash he hand . this time , a curt nod accompany he pleasant smile . barton look back down , then up again . the man extends a drip hand . man Bill mayhew . sorry about the odor . his speech be softly accented , from the South . barton Barton fink . they shake , then return to they ablution . we hold on Barton as we hear mayhew 's faucet be turn off and he foot-step recede . for some reason , Barton 's eye be widen . barton ... Jesus . w.p.! the dapper little man stop and turn . mayhew I beg you pardon ? barton w.p. mayhew ? the writer ? mayhew just Bill , please . Barton stand with he back to the sink , face the little man , he hand drip onto the floor . there be a short pause . Barton be strangely agitate , he voice halting but urgent . barton Bill !... mayhew cock he head with a politely patient smile . finally Barton bring out : barton ... you be the finest novelist of we time . mayhew lean against a stall . mayhew why thank you , son , how kind . bein ' occupy here in the worship of mammon , I have not have the chance yet to see you play '' he smile at Barton 's surprise . mayhew ... yes , mistuh fink , some of the news reach we in Hollywood . he be take out a flask and unscrew its lid . barton Sir , I be flatter that you even recognize my name . my God , I have no idea you be in Hollywood . mayhew all of we undomesticate writer eventually make they way out here to the great Salt lick . mebbe that 's why I allus have such a powerful thrust . he clear he throat , take a swig from the flask , and wave it at Barton . mayhew ... a little social lubricant , mistuh fink ? barton it 's still a little early for I . mayhew so be it . he knock back some more . barton ... Bill , if I be impose you should say so , I know you be very busy '' I just , uh ... I just wonder if I could ask you a favor ... that be to say , uh ... have you ever write a wrestle picture ? mayhew eye he appraisingly , and at length clear he throat . mayhew ... you be drippin ' , suh . Barton look down at he hand , then pull a rough brown paper towel from a dispenser . mayhew sigh : mayhew ... mistuh fink , they have not invent a genre of picture that Bill mayhew have not , at one time or othuh , be invite to essay . I have take my stab at the wrastlin ' form , as I have stab at so many other , and with as little success . I gather that you be a fresh - man here , eager for a upperclassman 's council . however , just at the moment ... he wave he flask . mayhew ... I have drinkin ' to do . why do not you stop at my bungalow , which be numbah fifteen , later on this afternoon ... he turn to leave . mayhew ... and we will discuss wrastlin ' scenario and other thing lit'rary . the number " 15 " we be close on brass numeral tack up on a white door . mute , from inside , we hear mayhew 's voice '' enraged , bellow . we hear thing break . softer , we hear a woman 's voice , its tone placate . reverse tracking slowly in on Barton , stand in front of the door . the noise abate for a moment . we hear the woman 's voice again . Barton hesitates , listen ; he think , decide , knock . with this the woman 's voice stop , and mayhew start wail again . the door crack open . the woman look as if she have be cry . woman ... can I help you ? barton I be sorry , I ... my name be fink ... uh , Bill ask I to drop by this afternoon . be he in ? woman Mr. mayhew be indispose at the moment from inside , we hear mayhew 's wail . mayhew honey !! where' m'honey !! the woman glance uncomfortably over she shoulder and step outside , close the door behind she . woman Mr. fink , I be audrey Taylor , Mr. mayhew 's personal secretary . I know this all must sound horrid . I really do apologize ... through the door mayhew be still wail piteously . barton be , uh ... be he okay ? audrey he will be ... when he can not write , he drink . mayhew where be you , dammit ! where' m'honey !! she brushes a wisp of hair out of she eye . audrey I be sorry , it 's so embarass . barton how about you ? will you be alright ? audrey I will be fine ... be you a writer , Mr fink ? barton yes I be . I be work on a wre '' please call I Barton . audrey reach out and touch Barton 's hand . audrey I will tell Bill you drop by . I be sure he will want to reschedule you appointment . barton perhaps you and I could get together at some point also . '' I be sorry if that sound abrupt . I just ... I do not know anyone here in this town . audrey smile at he . audrey perhaps the three of we , Mr. fink . barton please , Barton . audrey Barton . you see , Barton , I be not just Bill 's secretary '' Bill and I be ... I love . we - mayhew' voice m'honey !! where' m'honey !! audrey glance back as we hear the sound of shatter dish and heavy footstep . barton I see . audrey ... I know this must look ... funny . barton no , no '' hurriedly : audrey we need each other . we give each other ... the thing we need '' voice m'honey !!... bastard - ass son of bitch ... the water 's lappin ' up ... m'honey !! audrey I be sorry , Mr. fink . please do not judge we . please ... fluster , she back away and close the door . close on a SMALL wrapped package Hand -print on the package be the message : " hope this will turn the trick , Mr. fink . '' Chet ! " the wrapping be tear away and the small box be open . two thumbtack be take out . barton' HOTEL room late at night . the swath of wallpaper behind the bed have sag away from the wall again , and have be join by the swath next to it . Barton enter frame and step up onto the bed . he smooth up the first swath and push in a thumbtack near the top . extreme close shot on the tack . as Barton apply pressure to push it in , tacky yellow goo ooze out of the puncture hole and bead around the tack . on barton smooth up the second swath . as he push in the second tack he pause , listen . muffled , through the wall , we can hear a woman moan . after a motionless beat , Barton ease he ear against the wall . close on barton as he ear meet the wall . the woman 's moan continue . we hear the creak of bedspring and she partner , incongruously giggle . Barton grimace , get down off the bed and cross to the secretary , where he sit . he stare at the paper in the carriage . he Pov the blank part of the page around the key-strike area , under the metal prong that hold the paper down . we begin to hear moan again . back to barton still look ; sweat . he Pov track in on the paper , lose the prong from frame so that we be look at the pure unblemish white of the page . the moan be cut short by two sharp knock . the door as it swing open . Charlie meadow lean in , smile . charlie howdy , neighbor . barton Charlie . how be you . charlie Jesus , I hope I be not interrupt you again . I hear you walk around in here . figure I would drop by . barton yeah , come in Charlie . have not really get start yet '' what happen to you ear ? '' for charle 's leave ear be plugge with cotton wadding . as he enter : charlie oh , yeah . a ear infection , chronic thing . go away for a while , but it always come back . gotta put cotton in it to staunch the flow of pus . do not worry , it 's not contagious . barton see a doctor ? Charlie give a dismissive wave . charlie ah , doctor . what 's he gonna tell I ? can not trade my head in for a new one . barton no , I guess you be stick with the one you have get . have a seat . Charlie perches on the corner of the bed . charlie thanks , I would invite you over to my place , but it 's a goddamn mess . you marry , Bart ? barton nope . charlie I myself have yet to be lassoed . he take he flask out . charlie ... get a sweetheart ? barton no ... I guess it 's something about my work . I get so work up over it , I do not know ; I do not really have a lot of attention leave over , so it would be a little unfair ... charlie yeah , the lady do ask for attention . in my experience , they pretend to give it , but it 's generally a smoke - screen for demand it back '' with interest . how about family , Bart ? how're you fix in that department ? Barton smile . barton my folk live in Brooklyn , with my uncle . charlie mine have pass on . it 's just the three of we now ... he tap himself on the head , chuckle . charlie ... what 's the expression '' I myself and I . barton sure , that 's tough , but in a sense , we be all alone in this world be not we Charlie ? I be often surround by family and friend , but ... he shrug . charlie mm ... you be no stranger to loneliness , then . I guess I get no beef ; especially where the dame be concerned . in my line of work I get opportunity galore '' always on the wing , you know what I be say . I could tell storey to curl you hair '' but it look like you have already hear them ! he laugh at he reference to Barton 's curly hair , and pull a dog-eare photograph from he wallet . as he hand it to Barton : charlie ... that 's I in Kansas City , ply my trade . the photo Charlie smile and wave with one foot up on the run board of a 1939 roadster . a batter leather briefcase dangle from one hand . charlie ... it be take by one of my policy holder . they be more than just customer to I , Barton . they really appreciate what I have to offer they . ya see , she hubby be out of town at the time '' barton you know , in a way , I envy you Charlie . you daily routine '' you know what 's expect . you know the drill . my job be to plumb the depth , so to speak , dredge something up from inside , something honest . there 's no road map for that territory ... he look from Charlie to the underwood . barton ... and explore it can be painful . the kind of pain most people do not know anything about . he look back at Charlie . barton ... this must be boring you . charlie not at all . it 's damned interesting . barton yeah ... he give a sad chuckle . barton ... probably sound a little grand come from someone who 's write a wrestle picture for wallace beery . charlie beery ! you get no beef there ! he 's good . Hell of a actor '' though , for my money , you can not beat Jack oakie . a stitch , oakie . funny stuff , funny stuff . but do not get I wrong '' beery , a wrestle picture , that could be a pip . wrestle some myself back in school . I guess you know the basic move . barton nope , never watch any . I be not that interested in the act itself '' charlie okay , but hell , you should know what it be . I can show you in about thirty second . he be get down on he hand and knee . charlie ... you be a little out of you weight class , but just for purpose of demonstration '' barton that 's all right , really '' charlie not a bit of it , compadre ! easiest thing in the world ! you just get down on you knee to my leave , slap you right hand here ... he indicate he own right bicep . charlie ... and you leave hand here . he indicate he leave bicep . Barton hesitates . charlie ... you can do it , champ ! Barton comply . charlie ... all right now , when I say " ready ... wrestle ! " you try and pin I , and I try and pin you . that 's the whole game . get it ? barton ... yeah , okay . charlie ready ... wrestle ! with one clean move Charlie flip Barton onto he back , he head and shoulder hit with a thump . Charlie pin Barton 's shoulder with he own upper body . but before the move even seem complete Charlie be stand again , offer he hand down to Barton . charlie damn , there I go again . we be gonna wake the downstairs neighbor . I do not hurt ya , do I ? Barton seem daze , but not put out . barton it 's okay , it 's okay . charlie well , that 's all that wrestle be . except usually there 's more grunt and squirming before the pin . well , it 's you first time . and you be out of you weight class . Barton have propped himself up and be painfully massage the back of he head . this register on Charlie . charlie ... Jesus , I do hurt you ! he clomp hurriedly away . charlie ... I be just a big , clumsy lug . I sure do apologize . we hear water run , and Charlie reenter with a wet towel . Barton accept the towel and press it to he head . charlie ... you sure you be okay ? Barton get to he foot . barton I be fine , Charlie . really I be . actually , it 's be helpful , but I guess I should get back to work . Charlie look at he with some concern , then turn and head for the door . charlie well , it be not fair of I to do that . I be pretty well endow physically . he open the door . charlie ... do not feel bad , though . I would not be much of a match for you at mental gymnastics . gimme a holler if you need anything . the door close . Barton cross to the secretary and sit down , rub the back of he head . he roll up the carriage and look at the page in the typewriter . he Pov the page . fade in : a tenement build on Manhattan 's lower East side . early morning traffic be audible , as be the cry fishmongers . back to barton he rub the back of he head , wince , as he stare at the page . his gaze drift up . he Pov the bathing beauty . barton look at the picture . he press the heel of he hand against he ear . he Pov the bathing beauty . faint , but building , be the sound of the surf . barton head cocked . the surf be mixing into another liquid sound . Barton look sharply around . the bathroom Barton enter . the sink , which Charlie apparently leave run when he wet Barton 's towel , be overflow . Water spill onto the tile floor . Barton hurriedly shut off the tap , roll up one sleeve and reach into the sink . as he hand emerge , hold something , we hear the unclogge sink gulp water . barton' hand holding a drip wad of cotton . barton after a brief , puzzle look he realize where the cotton come from '' and convulsively flip it away . fade out fade in : on the title page of a book : " nebuchadnezzar by w.p. mayhew " a hand enter with pen to inscribe : " to Barton '' May this little entertainment divert you in you sojourn among the philistine . '' Bill " the book be close and pick up . wider as-thoomp ! - the heavy volume be deposit across the table , in front of Barton , by mayhew . Barton , mayhew , and audrey be seat around a picnic table . it be one of a few table littering the lot of a small stucco open - air hamburger stand . it be peaceful early evening . the last of the sunlight slope down through palm tree . Barton , mayhew , and audrey be the only customer at the stand . mayhew 's black Ford stand alone at the edge of the lot . mayhew lean back in he chair . mayhew if I close m'ey I can almost smell the live oak . audrey that 's hamburger grease , Bill . mayhew well , m'olfactory 's turnin ' womanish on I '' lyin ' and deceitful ... his eye still close , he wave a limp hand gently in the breeze . mayhew ... still , I must say . I have not feel peace like this since the grand productive day . do not you find it so , Barton ? ai not writin ' peace ? barton well ... actually , no Bill ... Barton look nervously at audrey before continue . barton ... no , I have always find that write come from a great inner pain . maybe it 's a pain that come from a realization that one must do something for one 's fellow man '' to help somehow to ease he suffer . maybe it 's a personal pain . at any rate , I do not believe good work be possible without it . mayhew mmm . Wal , I , I just enjoy maikn ' thing up . yessir. escape ... it 's when I can not write , can not escape m'self , that I want to tear m'head off and run screamin ' down the street with m'ball in a fruitpicker pail . mm ... he sigh and reach for a bottle of Wild Turkey . mayhew ... this will sometimes help . audrey that do not help anything , Bill . barton that 's true , Bill . I have never find it to help my write . mayhew be become testy : mayhew you write ? Son , have you ever hear the story of soloman 's mammy - audrey , anticipate , jump hastily in . she tap the book on the table . audrey you should read this , Barton . I think it 's Bill 's finest , or among he finest anyway . mayhew look at she narrowly . mayhew so now I be s'pose to roll over like a ol ' bitch dog gettin ' ger belly scratch . audrey Bill '' barton look , maybe it 's none of my business , but a man with you talent '' do not you think you first obligation would be to you gift ? should not you be do whatever you have to do to work again ? mayhew and what would that be , son ? barton I do not know exactly . but I do know what you be do with that drink . you be cut yourself off from you gift , and from I and audrey , and from you fellow man , and from everything you art be about . mayhew no son , thisahere moonshine 's get nothin ' to do with shuttin ' folk out . no , I be usin ' it to build something ' . barton what 's that ? mayhew I be buildin ' a levee . gulp by gulp , brick by brick . raisin ' up a levee to keep that ragin ' river of manure from lappin ' at m'door . audrey maybe you better too , Barton . before you get bury under he manure . mayhew chuckle . mayhew m'honey pretend to be impatient with I , Barton , but she will put up with anything . audrey not anything , Bill . do not test I . barton you be lucky she put up with as much as she do . mayhew be get to he foot . mayhew be I ? maybe to a schoolboy 's eye . people who know about the human heart , though , mebbe they would say , Bill over here , he give he honey love , and she pay he back with pity '' the basest coin there be . audrey stop it , Bill ! he wander over to a corner of the lot between two palm tree , still clutching he bottle , he back to Barton and audrey , and urinate into the grass . he be sing '' loudly '' " Old Black Joe . " audrey walk over to he . barton watch she go . he Pov audrey touch mayhew 's elbow . he look at she , stop sing , she murmur something , and he bellow : mayhew the truth , m'honey , be a tart that do not bear scrutiny . she touch he again , murmure , and he lash out at she , knock she to the ground . mayhew breach my levee at you peril ! barton he rise . audrey come back to Barton . mayhew stumble off down the dusty road , mutter to himself and wave he bottle of Wild Turkey . audrey let he go . barton that son of a bitch ... do not get I wrong , he 's a fine writer . he look down the road . mayhew be a small lone figure , weaving in the dust . mayhew I will jus ' walk on down to the Pacific , and from there I will ... improvise . barton be you all right ? we hear distant bellow : mayhew Silent upon a hill in darien ! audrey burst into tear . Barton put he arm around she and she lean into he . barton audrey , you can not put up with this . gradually , she collect herself , wiping she tear . audrey ... oh Barton , I feel so ... sorry for he ! barton what ?! he 's a son of a bitch ! audrey no , sometimes he just ... well , he think about estelle . his wife still life in fayettesville . she 's ... disturb . barton really ?... he consider this for a moment , but he anger return . barton ... well that do not excuse he behavior . audrey he will wander back when he 's sober and apologize . he always do . barton okay , but that do not excuse he '' audrey Barton . empathy require ... understanding . barton what . what do not I understand ? audrey gaze at he . mayhew he be very distant now , weaving but somehow dignify in he light summer suit . " Old Black Joe " float back to we in the twilight . fade out barton' HOTEL room from a high angle , booming down on Barton . the room be dark . Barton lie fully clothed , stretch out on the bed , asleep . the hum of the mosquito fade up in the stillness . suddenly Barton slap he cheek . his eye open , but he remain still . the hum fade up again . Barton reach over and turn on the bedside lamp . his eye shift this way and that as he wait , listen . the hum fade down to silence . Barton 's eye shift . he Pov the typewriter sit on the secretary , a piece of paper roll halfway through the carriage . the typewriter Barton enter frame and sit down in front of the typewriter . he Pov next to the typewriter be several crumpled piece of paper . the page in the carriage read : fade in : a tenement HOTEL on the lower East side . we can faintly hear the cry of the fishmongers . it be too early for we to hear traffic ; later , perhaps , we will . back to barton look down at the page . close on barton' feet swing in the legwell . one foot idly swing over to nudge a pair of nicely shine shoe from where they rest , under the secretary , into the legwell . we hear type start . the page a new paragraph be start : " a large man ... " barton' feet as he slide they into the shoe . the page " a large man in tight ... " the type stop . barton look quizzically at the page . what 's wrong ? he feet slide back and forth '' swim '' in he shoe , which be several size too large . we hear a knock at the door . barton he rise and answer the door . Charlie stand smile in the doorway , hold a pair of nicely shine shoe . charlie I hope this be you shoe . barton hi , Charlie . charlie because that would mean they give you mine . barton yeah , as a matter of fact they do . come on in . the two stock - foote man go into the room and Barton reach under the secretary for Charlie 's shoe . charlie Jesus , what a day I have have . ever have one of that day ? barton seem like nothing but , lately . chalrie perches on the edge of the bed . charlie Jesus , what a day . felt like I could not have sell ice water in the sahara . Jesus . okay , so you do not want insurance , so okay , that 's you loss . but God , people can be rude . feel like I have to talk to a normal person like just to restore a little of my ... barton well , my pleasure . I could use a little lift myself . charlie a little lift , yeah ... smiling , he take out he flask . charlie ... good thing they bottle it , huh pal ? he take a glass from the bedstand and , as he pour Barton a shot : charlie ... do I say rude ? people can be goddamn cruel . especially some of they housewive . okay , so I have get a weight problem . that 's my cross to bear . I dunno ... barton well it 's ... it 's a defense mechanism . charlie Defense against what ? insurance ? something they need ? something they should be thanking I for offer ? a little peace of mind ?... he shake he head . charlie ... finally decide to knock off early , take you advice . go to see a doctor about this . he indicate he ear , still stuff with cotton . charlie ... he tell I it be a ear infection . ten dollar , please . I say , hell , I tell you my ear be infect . why do not you give I ten dollar ? well , that lead to a argument ... he give a rueful chuckle . charlie ... listen to I belly - achin ' . as if my problem amount to a hill of bean . how go the life of the mind ? barton well , it 's be better . I can not seem to get go on this thing . that one idea , the one that let you get start '' I still have not get it . maybe I only have one idea in I '' my play . maybe once that be do , I be do be a writer . Christ , I feel like a fraud , sit here stare at this paper . charlie that two love- bird next door drivin ' you nut ? Barton look at he curiously . barton how do you know about that ? charlie know about it ? I can practically see how they be doin ' it . brother , I wish I have a piece of that . barton yeah , but '' charlie seem like I hear everything that go on in this dump . pipe or somethin' . I be just glad I do not have to ply my trade in the wee- wee hour . he laugh . charlie ... ah , you will lick this picture business , believe I . you have get a head on you shoulder . what be it they say ? where there 's a head , there 's a hope ? barton where there 's life there 's hope . Charlie laugh . charlie that prove you really be a writer ! Barton smile . barton and there 's hope for you too , Charlie . tomorrow I bet you sell a half - dozen policy . charlie thanks , brother . but the fact be , I gotta pull up stake temporarily . barton you be leave ? charlie in a few day . out to you stompin ' grounds as a matter of fact '' New York City . thing have get all ball up at the head Office . barton I be truly sorry to hear that , Charlie . I will miss you . charlie well hell , buddy , do not pull a long face ! this be still home for I '' I keep my room , and I will be back sooner or later ... Barton rise and walk over to he write table . charlie ... and '' mark my word '' by the time I get back you be picture will be finish . I know it . Barton scribbles on a notepad and turn to hand it to Charlie . barton New York can be pretty cruel to stranger , Charlie . if you need a home - cook meal you just look up Morris and lillian fink . they live on fulton Street with my uncle Dave . we hear a tacky , tear sound . Barton look toward the door . Charlie rise and walk over to the stand next to where Barton sit . the two stare man form a odd , motionless tableau '' the slight , bespectacle man seat ; the big man stand in a hunch with he hand on he thigh ; they head close together . there Pov a swath of wallpaper in the entryway have pull away from the wall . it sag and nod . charlie ( off ) Christ ! the two men frozen , look . charlie ... you room do that too ? barton I guess the heat 's sweat off the wallpaper . charlie what a dump ... he head for the door and Barton follow . charlie ... I guess it seem pathetic to a guy like you . barton well ... charlie well it 's pathetic , be not it ? I mean to a guy from New York . barton what do you mean ? charlie this kind of heat . it 's pathetic . barton well , I guess you pick you poison . charlie so they say . barton do not pick up and leave without say goodbye . charlie course not , compadre . you will see I again . Barton close the door . he go back to the desk , sit , and stare at the typewriter . after a beat he tip back in he chair and look up at the ceiling . we hear a loud thump . he Pov the ceiling '' a white , seamless space . as we track in the thumping continue '' slowly , rhythmically , progressively louder '' the effect , it seem , of odd doing upstairs . looking down on barton from a high angle , tip back in he chair , stare at the ceiling . we track slowly down toward he . the thumping continue , grow louder , sharper . he Pov move in on the ceiling . we close in on a unblemish area and cease to have any sense of movement . with a blur something huge and dark sweep across the frame to land with a deafen crash , and a instant later it be go , have leave a huge black " T " stamp into the white ceiling . we be pull back from the white , past the metal prong of the key-strike area on a typewriter . more letter appear rapid-fire , grow smaller as the pull back continue . the thumpimg become the clack of the typewriter . BEN geisler be emerge from he office . as he enter the secretary stop type , glance down at a slip of paper , and murmur tonelessly , without look up : secretary Barton fink . geisler yeah . fink. come in . the clack of the typewriter resume as Barton rise . geisler' office the two man enter . this office be considerably smaller than lipnik 's , do in gray and black . there be picture on the wall of geisler with various celebrity . geisler sit behind he desk . geisler wuddya get for I '' what the hell happen to you face ? barton nothing . it 's just a mosquito bite . geisler like hell it be ; there be no mosquito in Los Angeles . mosquitos breed in swamp '' this be a desert town . wuddya get for I ? barton well I ... geisler on the beery picture ! where be we ? wuddya get ? barton well , to tell you the truth , I be have some trouble get start '' geisler get start ! Christ Jesus ! start ?! you mean you do not have anything ?! barton well not much . geisler leap to he foot and pace . geisler what do you think this be ? hamlet ? gone with the wind ? ruggles of red gap ? it 's a goddamn B picture ! Big man in tight ! you know the drill ! barton I be afraid I do not really understand that genre . maybe that 's the prob - geisler understand shit ! I though you be gonna consult another writer on this ! barton well , I have talk to Bill mayhew - geisler Bill mayhew ! some help ! the guy 's a souse ! barton he 's a great writer '' geisler a souse ! barton you do not understand . he 's in pain , because he can not write - geisler souse ! souse ! he manage to write he name on the back of he paycheck every week ! barton but ... I think no one care about this picture . geisler you think ! where would you get that from ? you think ! I do not know what the hell you say to lipnik , but the sonofabitch like you ! you understand that , fink ? he like you ! he 's take a interest . never make lipnik like you . never ! some puzzlement show through Barton 's weariness . barton I do not understand - geisler be you deaf , he like you ! he 's take a interest ! what the hell do you say to he ? barton I do not say anything - geisler well he 's take a interest ! that mean he will make you life hell , which I could care less about , but since I draw the short straw to supervise this turkey , he 's gonna be all over I too ! fat -ass sonofabitch call I yesterday to ask how it 's go '' do not worry , I cover for you . told he you be make progress and we be all very excited . I tell he it be great , so now my ass be on the line . he want you to tell he all about it tomorrow . barton I can not write anything by tomorrow . geisler who say write ? Jesus , Jack can not read . you gotta tell it to he - tell he something for chrissake . barton well what do I tell he ? geisler rub a temple , study Barton for a beat , then pick up a telephone . geisler projection ... as he wait , geisler give Barton a wither stare . it continue throughout the phone conversation . geisler ... Jerry ? Ben geisler here . any of the screen room free this afternoon ?... good , book it for I . a writer name fink be gonna come in and you be gonna show he wrestle picture ... I do not give a shit which one ! wrestling picture ! wait a minute - be not Victor sjoderberg shoot one now ?... show he some of the daily on that . he slam down the phone . geisler ... this ought to give you some idea . he jot a address on a piece of paper and hand it to Barton . geisler ... eight - fifteen tomorrow morning at lipnik 's house . idea . Broad stroke . do not cross I , fink . screen Black - and - white footage . a middle - age man with a clapstick enter and shout : clapper devil on the canvas , twelve baker take one . clap ! the clapper withdraw . the angle be on a corner of the ring , where a old corner man stand behind he charge , a huge man in tight who be a little too flabby to be a real athlete . his hair be plaster against he bullet skull and he have a small mustache . voice action . the wrestler rise from he stool and head toward center ring and the camera . he affect a german accent : wrestler I will destroy he ! he pass the camera . voice cut . flash frame . the clapper enter again . clapper twelve baker take two . clap ! he exit . the wrestler move toward the camera . wrestler I will destroy he ! voice cut . the clapper enter clapper twelve baker take three . clap ! wrestler I will destroy he ! slow track in on barton seat alone in a dark screen room , the shaft of the projection beam flicker over he leave shoulder . as we creep in closer : wrestler ( off ) I will destroy he !... I will destroy he !... I will destroy he !... I will destroy he !... another off - microphone , distant voice from the screen : voice okay , take five ... the screen a jerky pan , interrupt by flash frame . the wrestler be stand in a corner joke with a makeup girl who pat down he face as he smoke a cigarette . a cut in the film and another clapstick enter . clapper twelve charlie take one - on the clap : back to barton stare at the screen , dull , want , and forlorn . voice ( off ) action . the screen the angle be low '' canvas level . we hold for a brief moment on the empty canvas before two wrestler crash down into frame . the german be underneath , on he back , pin by the other man . the referee enter , cropped at the knee , and throw count finger down into frame . referee one ... two ... wrestler aaaahhhh !! the german buck and throw he opponent out of frame . voice cut . clapper twelve charlie take two . crash . referee one ... two ... wrestler aaaahhhh !! barton glaze . wrestler ( off ) aaaaaahhhhhh !!... aaaaaahhhhhh !!... aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh !!... page in typewriter the scream drop out abruptly at cut . we hear only the sound of heavy footfalls on carpet . below the open paragraph , two new word have be add to the typescript : " orphan ? " " Dame ? " the foot fall continue . the HOTEL room night . Barton pace frantically back and forth . he look at he watch . he Pov it be 12:30 . close on the phone it be lift out of the cradle . barton hello , Chet , it 's Barton fink in 605 . can you try a number for I in Hollywood ... slausen 6-4304 . we pull back to frame in Barton as we hear he call ring through . Barton sweat . barton pick it up ... pick it up . pick it - audrey hello . barton audrey , listen , I need help . I know it 's late and I should not be call you like this '' believe I I would not have if I could see any other alternative , but I '' I be sorry - listen , how be you '' I be sorry . you do okay ? audrey ... who be this ? barton Barton . I be sorry , it 's Barton fink . through the phone , in the background , we hear mayhew 's drunken bellow . mayhew son of bitch ! drown them all ! we hear various object drop or be throw to the floor . audrey Barton , I be afraid it 's not a good time - mayhew drown all that rascal ... barton I be sorry , I just feel like '' I know I should not ask , I just need some kind of help , I just , I have a deadline tomorrow - mayhew I say drow them all ! who be that ? there be more clatter . audrey 's voice be hushed , close to the phone : audrey all right Barton , I will see if I can slip away - mayhew who be that ?! gaddamn voice come into the house ... son of bitch ... barton if you could , I would '' audrey if I can . he get jealous ; he - mayhew goddamn voice ... drown ' em ! barton I need help , audrey . audrey I will try to slip out . if he quiet down , pass out ... I be afraid he think '' well , he say you be a buffoon , Barton . he become irrational '' mayhew hesh up ! be still now ! drown ' em ! drown ' em ! drown '' wide on the room later . it be quiet . we be craning down toward the bed , where Barton lie stretch out , he head bury beneath a pillow as if to blot out the world . the track reveal the wristwatch on Barton 's dangle arm : 1:30 . the hallway at the end of the dimly light corridor a red light blink on over the elevator , with a faint bell . back to barton with two violent and simultaneous motion he whip the pillow off he head and throw out he other wrist to look at he watch . there be a knock at the door . Barton swing he foot off the bed . the doorway Barton open the door to audrey . audrey hello , Barton . barton audrey , thank you for come . thank you . I be sorry to be such a ... such a ... thank you . they enter the main room , where audrey perches on the edge of the bed . audrey now that 's all right , Barton . everything will be all right . barton yes . thank you . how 's Bill ? audrey oh , he 's ... he drift off . he will sleep for a while now . what be it you have to do , exactly ? Barton pace . barton well I have to come up with '' a outline , I would guess you call it . the story . the whole goddamn story . Soup to nut . Three act . the whole goddamn - audrey it 's alright , Barton . you do not have to write actual scene ? barton no , but the whole goddamn '' audrey ? have you ever have to read any of Bill 's wrestle scenario ? audrey laugh . audrey yes , I be afraid I have . barton what be they like ? what be they about ? audrey well , usually , they be ... simply morality tale . there 's a good wrestler , and a bad wrestler whom he confront at the end . in between , the good wrestler have a love interest or a child he have to protect . Bill would usually make the good wrestler a backwood type , or a convict . and sometimes , instead of a waif , he would have the wrestler protect a idiot manchild . the studio always hate that . oh , some of the script be so ... spirite ! she laugh '' then stop , realize that she have laugh . she look at Barton . audrey ... Barton . she shake she head . audrey ... look , it 's really just a formula . you do not have to type you soul into it . we will invent some name and a new set . I will help you and it will not take any time at all . I do it for Bill so many time '' Barton 's pace come up short . barton do what for Bill ? guardedly : audrey well ... this . barton you write he script for he ? audrey well , the basic idea be frequently he - barton you write Bill 's script ! Jesus Christ , you write he '' what about before that ? audrey before what ? barton before Bill come to Hollywood . audrey be clearly reluctant to travel this path . audrey well , Bill be always the author , so to speak - barton what do you mean so to speak ?! audrey , how long have you be he ... secretary ? audrey Barton , I think we should concentrate on our little project - barton I want to know how many of Bill 's book you write ! audrey Barton ! barton I want to know ! audrey Barton , honestly , only the last couple - barton hah ! audrey and my input be mostly ... editorial , really , when he would be drink - barton I will bet . Jesus '' " the grand productive day . " what a goddamn phony . he resume pace . barton ... w.p. mayhew . William goddamn phony mayhew . all he guff about escape . hah ! i'll say he escape ! Barton sigh and look at he watch . barton ... well , we do not have much time . he sit down next to audrey . audrey 's tone be gentle . audrey it will be fine ... do not judge he , Barton . do not condescend to he ... she stroke Barton 's hair . audrey ... it 's not as simple as you think . I help Bill most by appreciate he , by understanding he . we all need understanding , Barton . even you , tonight , it 's all you really need ... she kiss he . as Barton tentatively respond , we be pan away . we frame up on the door to the bathroom and track in toward the sink . we can hear the creak of bedspring and audrey and Barton 's breath , become labor . the continue track bring we up to and over the lid of the sink to frame up its drain , a perfect black circle in the porcelain white . we track up to the drain and be envelop by it as the sound of lovemake mix into the groan of pipe . black fade in : barton the hum of a mosquito bring we out of the black and we be look down at Barton , in bed , asleep . it be dawn . Barton 's eye snap open . he Pov the white ceiling . a hum black speck flit across the white . barton slowly , cautiously , he prop himself up , he look follow the sound of the mosquito . his gaze travel down and to one side and be arrest as the hum stop . he Pov audrey lie face away on she side of the bed , half cover by a blanket . barton gingerly , he reach over and draw the blanket down audrey 's back . he Pov the alabaster white of audrey 's back . the mosquito be feed on it . extreme close on barton' eye look . extreme close on the mosquito swell with blood . wider as Barton 's hand come through frame and slap audrey 's back . she do not react . Barton draw he hand away . audrey 's back be smear with blood . on barton he look at he hand . he Pov his hand be drip with blood . too much blood . back to barton eye wide , he look down at the bed . he Pov blood seep up into the sheet beneath the curve of audrey 's back . barton he pull audrey 's shoulder . audrey she roll onto she back . her eye be wide and lifeless . her stomach be nothing but blood . the top sheet , draw to she waist be drench red and cling to she body . barton he scream . he scream again . we hear rapid and heavy footfalls next door , a door open and close , and then a loud bang on Barton 's door . Barton 's head spin towards the door . he be momentarily freeze . another knock . Barton leap to he foot and hurry to the door . the doorway over Barton 's shoulder as he crack the door . Charlie stand in the hall in he boxer short and a sleeveless tee . charlie be you all right ? Barton stare dumbly for a moment . charlie ... can I come in ? barton no !... I be fine . thank you . charlie be you sure '' barton no ... no ... Barton be nodd as he shut the door in Charlie 's face . he walk back into the room . he Pov audrey 's corpse , in long shot , face up on the bed . barton he walk toward the bed , wheel before he reach it , and start back toward the door . he stop short and turn back again to the room . he avert he eye '' as it happen , toward the secretary . he walk stiffly over and sit , he back to audrey . close on barton as he sit in . he stare emptily down at the desk , in shock , totally shut down . behind he , we can see audrey on the bed . he stare for a long beat . strange , involuntary noise come from he throat . he be not in control . become aware of the noise he be make , he stop . he lurch to he foot . the doorway as Barton enter , open the door , and stick he head out . hallway Barton peer out the see if the coast be clear . he Pov the long hallway . in the deep background , Chet , the night clerk , be stooping in front of a door to pick up a pair of shoe . next to he be a castore shoe caddy . all of the doorway between we and Chet be empty of shoe . chet Close on he as , mid-stoop , he look up . chet' Pov up the long hall . in the deep background a door be close . chet he pause , then straighten up and put the shoe on the shoe caddy . it squeak as he push it on down the hall . barton' room Barton stand at the door , listen to a very faint squeak . eventually it become inaudible . he crack the door again , look out , and exit . hallway Barton go to Charlie 's room and knock . footfall end as the door be crack open . charlie Barton . be you all right ? barton no ... can I come in ? charlie why do not we go to you room - barton Charlie , I be in trouble . you have gotta help I . once again he be breathe hard . Charlie step out into the hall and shut the door behind he . charlie get a grip on yourself , brother . whatever the problem be , we will sort it out . barton Charlie , I be in trouble '' something horrible 's happen '' I have gotta call the police ... Charlie lead he towards he room . barton ... will you stay with I till they get here ? charlie do not worry about it , Barton . we can sort it - he be push Barton 's door open , but Barton grab a elbow to stop he . barton before you go in '' I do not do this . I do not know how it happen , but I do not ... I want you to know that ... Charlie look into he eye . for a moment the two man stare at each other '' Charlie 's look inquisitive , Barton 's supplicate . finally , Charlie nod . charlie okay . he turn and push open the door . barton' room the two man enter . Barton linger by the door . Charlie walk into the foreground to look off toward the bed . his eye widen and he scream . he turn and disappear into the bathroom . we hear vomit , then the flush of a toilet . charlie Jesus ... Jesus ... Jesus have mercy ... his reaction have not encourage Barton , who be more and more agitate . Charlie emerge from the bathroom , sweat . charlie ... Jesus , Barton , what the hell be this ? what be we gonna do ? barton I have gotta call the police '' or you could call for I '' charlie hold on '' barton you gotta believe I '' charlie hold on '' barton I do not do this , I do not do this '' charlie hold on . stop . take a deep breath . tell I what happen . barton I do not know ! I wake up , she be ... God , you gotta believe I ! Charlie , in spite of himself , be sneaking horrify glance back into the room . charlie I believe you , brother , but this do not look good . barton we gotta call the police '' charlie hold on . I say hold on , so hold on . barton yeah . charlie what do you think happen ? barton I do not know ! maybe it be she ... boyfriend . I pass out . I do not know . wo not the police be able to '' charlie stop with the police ! wake up , friend ! this do not look good ! they hang people for this ! barton but I do not do it '' do not you believe I ? charlie I believe you '' I know you . but why should the police ? Barton give he a dumb stare . charlie ... do you ... Barton , between you and I , do you have sexual intercourse ? Barton stare at Charlie . he swallow . Charlie shake he head . charlie Jesus ... they can tell that ... barton they gotta believe I , Charlie ! they gotta have mercy ! charlie you be in picture , Barton . even if you get clear eventually , this would ruin you . he turn and start toward the bed . charlie ... wait in the bathroom . bathroom later . Barton , still in he underwear , sit lean against the wall , stare glassily at he foot . from the other room we hear the creak of bedspring and the sound of bed clothes be tear off . finally there be a last creak of bedspring and the sound of Charlie grunt under great weight . we hear heavy footstep approach . Barton look up through the open bathroom door . he Pov Charlie be grop for the front doorknob , cradling the sheetswaddled body in he arm . back to barton his neck go rubbery . his eye roll up . his head loll back to hit the wall . black slap ! slap ! we be low on Charlie , who be follow through on a slap and back away , have arouse Barton . Charlie be now wear pants but be still in he sleeveless tee , which have blood fleck across the belly . charlie you pass out . Barton look groggily up . barton ... uh- huh ... where 's audrey ? charlie she 's dead , Barton ! if that be she name . tracking in on barton he stare at Charlie . charlie ( off ) Barton , listen to I . you gotta act like nothing 's happen . put this totally out of you head . I know that 's hard , but you play from here on out be just to go about business as usual . give we some time to sort this out ... Barton look at he watch . the watch 7:45 . charlie ( off ) ... just put it out of you head ... tracking toward a pool set in a grand yard with shape hedge and statuary set amid palm tree . sunlight glitter angrily off the water ; we be approach Jack lipnik who sit poolside in a white deck chair . lipnik Bart ! so happy to see ya ! reverse pull Barton , who be be escort by Lou Breeze . Barton be haggard , sink eye squinting against too much sun . lipnik sit! talk ! relax for a minute , then talk ! drink ? as Barton sit : barton yeah ... rye whiskey ? lipnik Boy ! you writer ! work hard , play hard ! that 's what I hear , anyway ... he laugh , then bark at Lou Breeze . lipnik ... Lou . Lou exit . lipnik anyway . Ben geisler tell I thing be go along great . thinks we have get a real winner in this one . and let I tell you something , I be count on it . I have take a interest . not to interfere , mind you '' hardly seem necessary in you case . a writer '' a storyteller '' of you stature . givitta I in bold stroke , Bart . gimme the broad outline . I be sit in the audience , the light go down , Capitol logo come up ... you be on ! he beam expectantly at Barton . Barton lick he parched lip . barton yeah , okay ... well ... we fade in ... lipnik be nodd , already involved in the story . barton ... it 's a tenement building . on the lower East side ... lipnik great ! he 's poor , this wrestler ! he 's have to struggle ! barton and then ... well ... Barton look back out at the pool , he eye close to slit against the sun . he look back at lipnik . barton ... can I be honest , Mr. lipnik ? lipnik can you ? you damn well better be . Jesus , if I have not be honest in my business dealing '' well , of course , you can not always be honest , not with the shark swim around this town '' but if you be a writer , you do not think about that thing '' if I would be totally honest , I would not be within a mile of this pool '' unless I be clean it . but that 's no reason for you not to be . honest , I mean . not clean the pool . Lou have enter with a drink , which he set next to Barton . Lou sit . Barton look around , take the drink , sip at it greedily , but must finally take the plunge . barton well ... to be honest , I be never really comfortable discuss a work in progress . I have get it all work out in my head , but sometimes if you force it out in word '' prematurely '' the wrong word '' well , you meaning change , and it change you own mind , and you never get it back '' so I would just as soon not talk about it . lipnik stare at he . his smile have disappear . there be a long beat . Lou Breeze clear he throat . he apparently feel oblige to fill the silence . lou ... Mr. fink. never mind I . never mind how long I have be in picture . Mr. lipnik have be in picture just about since they be invent . he practically invent they . lipnik have turn to look curiously at Lou . lou ... now I think if he 's interested in what one of he contract employee be do while he draw pay , I think that employee ought to tell he , if he want to stay a employee . right now the content of you head be the property of Capitol picture , so if I be you I would speak up . and pretty goddamn fast . Lou look at Barton , expectantly . lipnik continue to stare at Lou . there be a long silence , terribly heavy . finally , lipnik explode '' at Lou . lipnik you lousy sonofabitch ! you be tell this man '' this artist '' what to do ?! Lou Breeze be stunne . lou Mr. lipnik , I '' lipnik this man create for a live ! he put food on you table and on mine ! thank he for it ! thank he , you ungrateful sonofabitch ! thank he or you 're fire ! Barton be stare , aghast . barton Mr. lipnik , that 's not really necessar - lipnik , still stare at Lou , give no sign of hearing Barton . he rise and point . lipnik get down on you knee , you sonofabitch ! get down on you knee and kiss this man 's foot ! lou Mr. lipnik , please '' barton I '' Mr. lipnik '' lipnik kiss this man' feet !! Lou , aghast , look at Barton . Barton , aghast , can only return the same stunne look . lipnik snarl at Lou : lipnik ... okay , get out of here . you be fire , you understand I ? get out of my sight . Lou get stiffly to he foot and stumble away . barton Mr. lipnik , I '' lipnik I apologize , Barton . barton no no , Mr. Breeze have actually be a great help '' lipnik you do not have to cover for he . it 's noble of you , but this thing happen in business . barton Mr. lipnik , I really would feel much better if you could reconsider '' lipnik ah , forget it , kid . I want you to pull this out of you head . if that sonofabitch would not apologize to you , goddammit , I will . I respect you artistry and you method , and if you can not fill we in yet , well hell , we should be kissing you foot for you fine effort . he get down on he knee in front of Barton . lipnik ... you know in the old country we be teach , as very young child , that there 's no shame in supplicatin ' yourself when you respect someone . Barton stare , horrify , at lipnik , on the ground at he foot . lipnik ... on behalf of Capitol picture , the administration , and all a the stockholder , please accept this as a symbol of we apology and respect . barton' Pov lipnik kiss he shoe and look up at he . behind lipnik the pool glitter . barton' room the cut have a hard musical sting . out of the sting come a loud but distort thumping noise . we be look down , high angle , form one corner of the room . we be present with a motionless tableau : Barton sit , hunch , in the far corner , elbow on knee , stare at the bed in front of he . he wear only trousers and a T-shirt and he body and face glisten with sweat . the bed 's sheet have be stripped and the ratty gray mattress have a enormous rust - red stain in the middle . after a beat , in the foreground , the only motion in the scene : a bead of tacky yellow wall - sweat dribble down the near wall . silence , then the thumping repeat , resolve itself to a knock at the door . Barton rise slowly and cross to the door . the door Barton open it to Charlie , who be dress in a baggy suit , he hair slicked back , a tan fedora push back on he head . it be the first time we have see he well turn out . a batter briefcase be on the floor next to he . he hold a parcel in he leave hand , about one foot square , wrap in brown paper and tie up with twine . charlie Barton . can I come in ? Barton stand back from the door and Charlie pick up he briefcase and enter . the room as the two man enter . barton Jesus ... you be leave . charlie have to , old timer . just for a while . Barton sound desperate : barton Jesus , Charlie , I ... charlie everything 's okay , believe I . I know it 's rough mentally , but everything 's take care of . barton Charlie ! I have get no one else here ! you be the only person I know in Los Angeles ... he start weep barton ... that I can talk to . Charlie , also disturb and unhappy , wrap both arm around Barton . Barton sob unashamedly into he shoulder . Charlie be somber . charlie it 's okay ... it 's okay ... barton Charlie , I feel like I be go crazy '' like I be lose my mind . I do not know what to do ... I do not do it , believe I . I be sure of that , Charlie . I just ... his breath come in short gasp heave . barton ... I just do not know what ... to do charlie you gotta get a grip on , brother . you gotta just carry on '' just for a few day , till I get back . try and stay here , keep you door lock . do not talk to anyone . we just gotta keep we head and we will figure it out . barton yeah , but Charlie '' charlie dammit , do not argue with I . you ask I to believe you '' well I do . now do not argue with I . he look at Barton for a beat . charlie ... look , pal '' can you do something for I ? Charlie hand he he parcel . charlie ... keep this for I , till I get back . Barton , snuffling , accept the package . charlie ... it 's just personal stuff . I do not wanna drag it with I , but I do not trust them downstairs , and I would like to think it 's in good hand . still snuffling : barton sure , Charlie . charlie funny , huh , when everything that 's important to a guy , everything he want to keep from a lifetime '' when he can fit it into a little box like that . I guess ... I guess it 's kind of pathetic . wallow in self - pity : barton it 's more than I have get . charlie well , keep it for I . maybe it will bring you good luck . yeah , it will help you finish you script . you will think about I ... he thump he chest . charlie ... make I you wrestler . then you will lick that story of yours . Barton be tearfully sincere : barton thanks , Charlie . Charlie solemnly thrust out he hand . charlie yeah , well , see you soon , friend . you be gonna be fine . Barton shake . as they walk to the door : barton you will be back ? charlie do not worry about that , compadre . I will be back . Barton shut the door behind Charlie , lock it , and turn around . he Pov the room . the bed . the blood-stain mattress . Barton walk across the room and sit carefully at the edge of the bed , avoid the rust - color stain . for a long beat , he sit still , but something be building inside . finally , when we hear the distant ding of the elevator arrive for Charlie , it erupt : Barton sob , with the unself - conscious grief of a abandon child . high wide shot Barton weep , alone on the bed , next to the rust - color stain . fade out fade in : bathing beauty with the fade in , the sound of the surf mix up . we pan down the picture to discover that a snapshot have be tuck into a corner of the picture frame : it be the snap of Charlie , smile and wave , with he foot up on the run board of the 1939 Ford roadster . barton sitting at the desk , stare at the picture . from he glaze eye and the way he mouth hang open , we may assume he have be stare at the picture for some time . he notice something on the desk and pick it up . he Pov the Holy Bible '' place by the gideon . Barton open it , randomly , to the Book of Daniel . the text be set in ornately gothic type . " 5 . and the king , nebuchadnezzar , answer and say to the chaldean , I recall not my dream ; if ye will not make know unto I my dream , and its interpretation , ye shall be cut in piece , and of you tent shall be make a dunghill . " barton stare at the passage . his mouth hang open . the bible Barton riffle to the first page . in bold type at the top : " the book of genesis " underneath , in the same ornately gothic type : " chapter one 1 . fade in on a tenement building on Manhattan 's lower East side . faint traffic noise be audible ; 2 . as be the cry of fishmongers . " barton squint at the page through bloodshot eye . his mouth hang open . barton be room '' day at the cut the harsh clackety - clack of type bang in . sunlight burn against the sheer of Barton 's window , make it a painfully bright patch in the room which itself remain fairly dim . Barton sit at the secretary , type furiously . he finish a page , yank it out of the carriage , and place it face - down on a short stack of face - down page . he feed in a blank sheet and resume he rapid type . he be sweat , unshaven , and more haggard even than when we leave he the previous night . the telephone ring . after several ring Barton stop type and answer it , absently , still look at he work . his voice be hoarse . barton hello ... Chet ... who ?... he put the receiver down on the desk , lean over the typewriter , and examine something he have just write . he pick the phone back up and listen for a beat . barton ... no , do not send they up here . I will be right down . elevator a small oscillate fan whir up in a corner of the elevator . we pan down to Barton , who be riding down with Pete , the old elevator operator . Barton 's voice be hoarse with fatigue . barton ... you read the Bible , Pete ? pete Holy Bible ? barton yeah . pete I think so ... anyway , I have hear about it . Barton nod . they ride for a beat . lobby late afternoon sun slant in from one side . the lobby have the same golden ambiance as when first we see it . Barton be walk toward two wing chair in the shadow , from which two man in suit be rise . one be tall , the other short . policeman fink ? barton yeah . policeman # 2 detective mastrionotti. policeman # 1 detective deutsch . mastrionotti l.a.p.d. barton uh-huh . all three sit in ancient maroon swing chair . mastrionotti perches on the edge of he chair ; deutsch slump back in the shadow , study Barton . deutsch get a couple question to ask ya . mastrionotti what do you do , fink ? still hoarse : barton I write . deutsch oh yeah ? what kind of write ? barton well as a matter of fact , I write for the picture . mastrionotti Big fuckin ' deal . deutsch you want my partner to kiss you ass ? mastrionotti would that be good enough for ya ? barton no , I '' I do not mean to sound '' deutsch what did you mean ? barton I '' I have get respect for '' for work guy , like you '' mastrionotti Jesus ! ai not that a load off ! you live in 605 ? barton yeah . deutsch how long you be up there , fink ? barton a week , eight , nine day '' mastrionotti be this multiple choice ? barton nine day '' Tuesday '' deutsch you know this slob ? he be hold a small black - and - white photograph out toward Barton . there be a long beat as Barton study the picture . barton ... yeah , he ... he life next door to I . mastrionotti that 's right , fink , he life next door to you . deutsch ever talk to he ? barton ... once or twice . his name be Charlie meadow . mastrionotti yeah , and I be Buck Rogers . deutsch his name be mundt . Karl mundt . mastrionotti also know as madman mundt . deutsch he 's a little funny in the head . barton what do ... what do he '' mastrionotti funny . as in , he like to ventilate people with a shotgun and then cut they head off . deutsch yeah , he 's funny that way . barton I ... mastrionotti start in Kansas City . couple of housewive . deutsch couple of day ago we see the same m.o. out in Los feliz . mastrionotti Doctor . ear , nose and throat man , . deutsch all of which he 's now missin' . mastrionotti well , some of he throat be there . deutsch physician , heal thyself . mastrionotti good luck with no fuckin ' head . deutsch anyway . mastrionotti Hollywood precinct find another stiff yesterday . not too far from here . this one 's better look than the doc . deutsch female caucasian , thirty year old . Nice tit . no head . you ever see mundt with anyone meet that description ? mastrionotti but , you know , with the head still on . barton ... no . I never see he with anyone else . deutsch so . you talk to mundt , what about ? barton nothing , really . Said he be in the insurance business . deutsch indicate mastrionotti. deutsch yeah , and he 's Buck Rogers . mastrionotti no reputable company would hire a guy like that . barton well that 's what he say . deutsch what else ? barton he ... I be try to think ... nothing , really ... he ... he say he like Jack oakie picture . mastrionotti look at deutsch . deutsch look at mastrionotti . after a beat , mastrionotti look back at Barton . mastrionotti ya know , fink , ordinarily we say anything you might remember could be helpful . but I will be frank with you : that be not helpful . deutsch ya see how he 's not write it down ? mastrionotti fink . that 's a jewish name , be not it ? barton yeah . mastrionotti get to he foot , look around the lobby . mastrionotti yeah , I do not think this dump be restrict . he dig in he pocket . mastrionotti ... mundt have disappear . I do not think he will be back . but ... he hand Barton a card . mastrionotti ... give I a call if you see he . or if you remember something that be not totally idiotic . barton' room we be tracking toward the paper - wrap parcel that sit on the nightstand next to Barton 's bed . Barton enter and pick it up . he hold it for a beat , look at it , then bring it over to the secretary and sit . he shake it . no sound ; whatever be inside be well pack . Barton hold it up to he ear and listen for a long beat , as if it be a seashell and he be listen for the surf . finally he put it on he desk , beneath the picture of the bathing beauty , and start type , quickly and steadily . dissolve through to : reverse some time later ; Barton still type . he be face to we ; beyond he we can see the bed with its rust - color stain . the phone ring . Barton ignore it . it continue to ring . Barton rise and exit frame ; we hold on to the bed in the background . we hear Barton 's footstep on the bathroom tile as the phone continue ringing . Barton sit back into frame stuff cotton into each ear . he resume type . another angle Barton type . the desk tremble under the work of the typewriter . Charlie 's parcel chatter . Barton take a finish page out of the carriage and place it face down on the grow stack to he right . he feed in a new page . we hear the mute ding of the elevator down the hall . Barton resume type . we hear a knock on Barton 's door . Barton do not react , apparently not hearing . the doorway we be close on the bottom of the door . someone in the hallway be slide a note beneath the door ; then he shadow disappear and he footstep recede . the note be a print message head : " while you be out ... " underneath be the print word : " you be call by " and , handwritten in the space follow : " Mr. Ben geisler . " handwritten below , in the message space : " thank you . lipnik love you meeting . keep up the good work . " Barton 's offscreen type continue steadily . fade out hallway a perfectly symmetrical wide low angle shot of the empty hall . shoe be set put in front of each door except for one in the middle background . at the cut in we hear faint , regular type . we hold for a beat . there be no motion . the long , empty hall . the distant type . we hold . the type stop . there be a beat of quiet . it be break by the sound of a door open . it be the shoeless door in the middle background . a hand reach out to place a pair of shoe in the doorway . the hand withdraw . the door close . a short beat of silence . the distant type resume . the long empty hall . the distant type . fade out over the black we hear the distant sound of a woman 's voice , tinny and indistinct . woman just a minute and I will connect you ... fade in : close on barton his eye be red-rimme and wild . he sit on the edge of he bed hold the phone to he ear . his voice be unnaturally loud : barton hello ? Operator ! I can not ... oh ! he stop , reach up , take a cotton wad out of he ear . we hear various click and clack as the telephone line switch , and then a distant ring . the phone ring three or four time before it be answer by a groggy voice . voice ... hello . barton garland , it 's I . garland Barton ? what time be it ? be you all right ? barton yeah , I be fine , garland '' I have to talk to you . I be call long distance . garland okay . muffled , we hear garland speak to someone else . garland ... it 's Barton . Calling long distance . back into the receiver : garland ... what be it Barton ? be you okay ? barton I be fine , garland , but I have to talk with you . garland go ahead , son . barton it 's about what I be write , garland . it 's really ... I think it 's really big . garland what do you mean , Barton ? barton not big in the sense of large '' although it 's that too . I mean important . this may be the most important work I have do . garland well , I be ... glad to hear that '' barton very important , garland . I just think you should know that . whatever happen . garland ... that 's fine . barton have you read the Bible , garland ? garland ... Barton , be everything okay ? barton yes ... be not it ? garland well , I be just ask . you sound a little '' guardedly : barton sound a little what ? garland well , you just ... sound a little bitterly : barton thanks , garland . thanks for all the encouragement . he slam down the phone . over he shoulder a one - quarter shot on Barton from behind as he pick up the cotton wad and stick it back in he right ear . he resume type , furiously . after a beat he mutter , still type . barton ... nitwit . the bathing beauty later . we hear type and the roar of the surf . ' close on typewriter we be extremely close on the key-strike area . as we cut in Barton be type : " p-o-s-t-c-a-r-d - . " the carriage return a couple of time and " t-h-ee - N -d " be type in . the paper be rip out of the carriage . close on a stack of page lying face down on the desk ; the last page be add , face down , to the pile . the pile be pick up , its edge be straighten with a couple of thump against the desktop , and then the pile be replace on the desk , face up . the title page read : " the burlyman motion picture scenario by Barton fink " Barton 's right hand enter frame to deposit a small cotton wad on top of the script . Barton 's leave hand enter to deposit another small cotton wad on top of the script . we hear Barton walk away . we hear bath water run . the bathing beauty still look out to sea . uso hall we be booming down to the dance floor as a raucous band play a up - tempo number . barton Dancing animatedly , almost maniacally , he finger jabbing the air . the hall be crowded , but Barton be one of few man not in uniform . uso girl giggle , dance opposite Barton . girl you be cute ! barton caught up in he dance , oblivious to the girl . a white uniform arm reach in to tap Barton on the shoulder . sailor ' scuse I , buddy , mind if I cut in ? Barton glare at he . barton this be my dance , sailor ! sailor c'mon buddy , I be shipping out tomorrow . for some reason , Barton be angry . barton I be a writer ! celebrate the completion of something good ! do you understand that , sailor ? I be a writer ! his bellow have draw onlooker ' attention . voice step aside , four-eye ! let someone else spin the dame ! give the navy a dance ! hey , four - F , take a hike ! Barton turn furiously against the crowd . barton I be a writer , you monster ! I create ! he point at he head . barton ... this be my uniform ! he tap he skull . barton ... this be how I serve the common man ! this be where I '' whapp ! a infantry man tag Barton 's chin on the button . body surge . the crowd gasp . the band blare nightmarishly on . HOTEL hallway quiet at the cut . after a beat , there be a faint ding at the end of the hall and , as the elevator door open , we faintly hear : pete this stop : six . Barton , dishevel , emerge and stumble wearily down the hall . he stop in front of he door , take he key out , and enter the room . barton' Pov mastrionotti be sit on the edge of the bed read Barton 's manuscript . deutsch stand in front of the desk stare at the bathing beauty . mastrionotti mother : what be to become of he . Father : we will be hearing from that crazy wrestler . and I do not mean a postcard . fade out . the end . he look up at Barton . mastrionotti ... I think you say you be a writer . deutsch I dunno , Duke . I kinda like it . barton keep you filthy eye off that . deutsch turn toward Barton and throw a fold newspaper at he . deutsch you make morning papers , fink . Barton open the paper . a headline read : writer found headless in Chavez ravine . the story have two picture '' a studio publicity portrait of mayhew , and a photograph of the crime scene : two plainclothes detective stare down into a gulley as a uniform cop restrain a pair of leash dog . mastrionotti second one of you friend to end up dead . deutsch you do not tell we you know the dame . with a jerk of he thumb , mastrionotti indicate the bloodstain bed . mastrionotti Sixth floor too high for you , fink ? deutsch give you nose bleed ? Barton cross the room and sit at the foot of the bed , stare at the newspaper . deutsch just tell I one thing , fink : where would you put they head ? distractedly : barton Charlie ... Charlie 's back ... mastrionotti no kid , bright boy '' we smelt mundt all over this . be he the idea man ? deutsch tell we where the head be , maybe they will go easy on you . mastrionotti only fry you once . Barton rub he temple . barton could you come back later ? it 's just ... too hot ... my head be kill I . deutsch all right , forget the head . where 's mundt , fink ? mastrionotti he teach you to do it ? deutsch you two have some sick sex thing ? barton sex ?! he 's a man ! we wrestle ! mastrionotti you be a sick fuck , fink . deutsch all right , moron , you be under arrest . Barton seem oblivious to the two man . barton Charlie 's back . it 's hot ... he 's back . down the hall we hear the ding of the arrive elevator . mastrionotti cock he head with a quizzical look . he rise and walk slowly out into the hall . deutsch wathce he go . he Pov mastrionotti in the hallway in full shot , frame by the door , still look puzzle . mastrionotti ... Fred ... deutsch stand and push he suit coat back past the gun on he hip , revealing a pair of handcuffs on he belt . he unhitch the cuff and slip one around Barton 's right wrist and the other around a loop in the wringht iron footboard of the bed . deutsch sit tight , fink . the hallway as deutsch join mastrionotti . deutsch why 's it so goddamn hot out here ? mastrionotti ... Fred ... deutsch look where mastrionotti be look . the wall tacky yellow fluid stream down . the wall be pour sweat . the hallway be quiet . mastrionotti and deutsch they look at each other . they look down the hall . there Pov the elevator stand open at the far end of the empty hall . for a long beat , nothing . finally Pete , the elevator man , emerge . at this distance , he be a small figure , stumbling this way and that , he hand presseed against the side of he head . he turn to face mastrionotti and deutsch and take a few step forward , still clutching he head . mastrionotti and deutsch watch . pete he take on last step , then collapse . as he pitch forward he hand fall away from he head . his head separate from he neck , hit the floor , and roll away from he body with a dull irregular trundle sound . mastrionotti and deutsch Wide -ey , they look at each other , then back down the hall . all be quiet . the hallway smoke be beginning to drift into the far end of the hall . we hear a mute rumble . mastrionotti and deutsch mastrionotti tug at he tie . he slowly unholster he gun . deutsch slowly , hypnotically , follow suit . deutsch ... show yourself , mundt ! more quiet . the hallway more smoke . low steep angle on elevator door the crack where the floor of the elevator meet that of the hall . it flicker with red light from below . bottom - light smoke sift up . close on mastrionotti stand in the foreground , gun at ready . sweat pour down he face . behind he , deutsch stand nervously in the light - spill from Barton 's doorway . the rumble and crackle of fire grow louder . the hallway more smoke . patch of wall sweating . a swath of wallpaper sag away from the top of the wall , expose glisten lath underneath . with a light airy pop , the lathwork catch on fire . mastrionotti and deutsch sweating . deutsch ... mundt ! there Pov the hallway . its end - face - wall slowly spread flame from where the wallpaper droops . low steep angle on elevator door more red bottom - light smoke seep up from the crack between elevator and hallway floor . with a groan of tension relieved cable and a sway of the elevator door , a pair of foot cross the threshold into the doorway . jumping back Wide on the hallway . Charlie meadow have emerge from the elevator and be hellishly backlit by the flame . his suit coat hang open . his hat be push back on he head . from he right hand he briefcase dangle . he stand motionless , face we . there be something monumental in he posture , shoulder throw back . mastrionotti tense . behind he , deutsch gulp . mastrionotti there 's a boy , mundt . put the policy case down and you mitt in the air . charlie he lean slowly down to put the briefcase on the floor . close on mastrionotti relax . he murmur : mastrionotti he 's comply . back to charlie he straighten up from the briefcase , a saw - off shotgun in he hand . boom ! the shotgun spit fire . mastrionotti 's face be pepper by buckshot and he be blow back down the hallway into deutsch . bellow fill the hallway over the roar of the fire : charlie look upon I ! look upon I ! i'll show you the life of the mind !! the hallway the fire start racing down the hallway . close steep angle on patch of wall Fire race along the wall - sweat goopus . track in on deutsch his eye widen at Charlie and the approach fire ; he gun dangle forget from he right hand . he Pov Charlie be charge down the hallway , hold he shotgun loosely in front of he chest , in double- time position . the fire race along with he . he be bellow : charlie look upon I ! i'll show you the life of the mind ! i'll show you the life of the mind ! deutsch terrify , he turn and run . reverse pulling deutsch as he run down the flame hallway , pursue by flame , smoke , and Karl mundt '' who , also on the run , level he shotgun . boom ! pushing deutsch his leg and foot spout blood , paddle futilely at the air , then come down in a twist wobble , like a car on blow tire , and pitch he helplessly to the floor . pulling charlie he slow to a trot and crack open the shotgun . pushing deutsch weeping and drag himself forward on he elbow . pulling charlie he slow to a walk . barton' room Barton strain at he handcuffs . he Pov through the open doorway we see Charlie pass , push two shell into he shotgun . pulling deutsch Charlie loom behind he and '' thwack '' snap the shotgun close . deutsch roll over to rest on he elbow , face Charlie . Charlie prime the shotgun '' clack . he press both barrel against the bridge of deutsh 's nose . charlie Heil Hitler . deutsch scream . charlie tighten a finger over both triggers . he squeeze . blam ! track in on barton he flinch . the gunshot echoe away . Barton strain at the handcuffs . we hear Charlie 's footstep approach '' slowly , heavily . the doorway Charlie , walk down the hall , glance in and seem mildly surprised to see Barton . the set of he jaw relax . his expression soften . he push he hat farther back on he head . charlie Barton ! he shake be head and whistle . charlie ... brother , be it hot . he walk into the room . barton' room as Charlie wearily enter . charlie how you be , buddy ? he prop the shotgun in a corner and sit face Barton , who stare at he . charlie ... do not look at I like that , neighbor . it 's just I '' Charlie . barton I hear it 's mundt . madman mundt . Charlie reach a flask from he pocket . charlie Jesus , people can be cruel ... he take a long draught from he flask , then give a haunt stare . charlie ... if it 's not my build , it 's my personality . Charlie be perspire heavily . the fire rumble in the hallway . charlie ... they say I be a madman , Barton , but I be not mad at anyone . honest I be not . most guy I just feel sorry for . yeah . it tear I up inside , to think about what they be go through . how trap they be . I understand it . I feel for them . so I try and help they out ... he reach up to loosen he tie and pop he collar button . charlie ... Jesus . yeah . I know what it feel like , when thing get all ball up at the head office . it put you through hell , Barton . so I help people out . I just wish someone would do as much for I ... he stare miserably down at he foot . charlie ... Jesus it 's hot . sometimes it get so hot , I wanna crawl right out of my skin . self-pity : barton but Charlie '' why I ? why '' charlie because you don't listen ! a tacky yellow fluid be drip from Charlie 's leave ear and run down he cheek . charlie ... Jesus , I be drip again . he pull some cotton from he pocket and plug he ear . charlie ... c' mon Barton , you think you know about pain ? you think I make you life hell ? take a look around this dump . you be just a tourist with a typewriter , Barton . I live here . do not you understand that ... his voice be become choke . charlie ... and you come into my home ... and you complain that I 'm make too ... much ... noise . he look up at Barton . there be a long silence . finally : barton ... I be sorry . wearily : charlie do not be . he rise to he foot and kneel in front of Barton at the foot of the bed . the two man regard each other . Charlie grab two bar of the footboard frame , still stare at Barton . his muscle tighten , though nothing move . his neck fan with effort . all of he muscle tense . his face be a redden grimace . with a shriek of protest , the metal give . the bar to which Barton be handcuff have come loose at the top and Barton slide the cuff off it , free . Charlie get to he foot . charlie I be get off the merry - go-round . he take he shotgun and walk to the door . charlie ... I will be next door if you need I . a think stop he at the door and he turn to face Barton . behind he the hallway blaze . charlie ... oh , I drop in on you folk . and uncle Dave ? he smile . Barton look at he dumbly . charlie ... good people . by the way , that package I give you ? I lie . it be not mine . he leave . Barton rise , pick up Charlie 's parcel , and he script . the hallway as Barton emerge . flame lick the wall , cause the wallpaper to run with the tack glue sap . smoke fill the hallway . Barton look down the hall . he Pov Charlie stand in front of the door to he room , he briefcase dangle from one hand , he other hand fumble in he pocket for he key . with he hat push back on he head and he shoulder slump with fatigue , he could be any drummer return to any hotel after a long hard day on the road . he open the door and go into he room . back to barton he turn and walk up the hallway , he script in one hand , the parcel in the other . a horrible moan sound '' almost human '' can be hear under the roar of the fire . blackness studio hallway we be tracking laterally across the lobby of a executive building . from offscreen we hear : barton fink ! Morris or lillian fink ! eighty - five fulton Street ! filter through phone : operator I understand that , sir '' barton or uncle Dave ! we track have bring Barton into frame in the foreground , unshaven , unkempt , bellow into the telephone . in a hallway in the background , a secretary gesture for Barton to hurry up . operator I understand that , sir , but there 's still no answer . shall I check for trouble on the line ? Barton slam down the phone . lipnik' office Barton enter , still cling on to Charlie 's parcel . Lou Breeze stand in one corner censoriously watch Barton . lipnik be at the far end of the room , gaze out the window . lipnik fink . barton Mr. lipnik . lipnik Colonel lipnik , if you do not mind . he turn to face Barton and we see that he be wear a smartly press uniform with a lot of fruit salad on the chest . lipnik ... siddown . Barton take a seat face lipnik 's desk . lipnik ... I be commission yesterday in the Army Reserve . Henry morgenthau arrange it . he 's a dear friend . barton congratulation . lipnik actually it have not officially go through yet . have wardrobe whip this up . you gotta pull tooth to get anything do in this town . I can understand a little red tape in peacetime , but now it 's all - out warfare against the jap . Little yellow bastard . they would love to see I sit this one out . barton yes sir , they '' lipnik anyway , I have Lou read you script for I . he tap distastefully at the script on he desk , which have a slightly char title page . lipnik ... I gotta tell you , fink . it will not wash . barton with all due respect , sir , I think it 's the best work I have do . lipnik do not gas I , fink . if you be opinion matter , then I guess I would resign and let you run the the studio . it do not and you will not , and the lunatic be not go to run this particular asylum . so let 's put a stop to that rumor right now . listlessly : barton yes sir . lipnik I have to call beery this morning , let he know we be push the picture back . after all I would tell he about quality , about that Barton fink feel . how disappointed we be . wally be heartbroken . the man be devastate . he be '' well , I do not actually call he , Lou do . but that 's a fair description , be not it Lou ? lou yes , Colonel . lipnik Hell , I could take you through it step by step , explain why you story stink , but I will not insult you intelligence . well all right , first of all : this be a wrestle picture ; the audience want to see action , drama , wrestle , and plenty of it . they do not wanna see a guy wrestle with he soul '' well , all right , a little bit , for the critic '' but you make it the carrot that wag the dog . too much of it and they head for exit and I do not blame them . there 's plenty of poetry right inside that ring , fink. look at " Hell ten foot Square " . lou " blood , sweat , and canvas " . lipnik look at " blood , sweat , and canvas " . this be big movie , fink . about big man , in tight '' both physically and mentally . but especially physically . we do not put wallace beery in some fruity movie about suffer '' I think we be together on that . barton I be sorry if I let you down . lipnik you do not let I down . or even Lou . we do not live or die by what you scribble , fink . you let Ben geisler down . he like you . trusted you . and that 's why he 's go . fire . that guy have a heart as big as the outdoors , and you fuck he . he try to convince I to fire you too , but that would be too easy . no , you be under contract and you be gonna stay that way . anything you write will be the property of Capitol picture . and Capitol picture will not produce anything you write . not until you grow up a little . you be not no writer , fink '' you be a goddamn write -off . barton I try to show you something beautiful . something about all of US '' this set lipnik off : lipnik you arrogant sonofabitch ! you think you be the only writer who can give I that Barton fink feel ?! I get twenty writer under contract that I can ask for a finktype thing from . you swell - head hypocrite ! you just do not get it , do you ? you think the whole world revolve inside whatever rattles inside that little kike head of yours . get he outta my sight , Lou . make sure he stay in town , though ; he 's still under contract . I want you in town , fink , and outta my sight . now get lose . there 's a war on . the surf crash against the Pacific shore . the beach at midday , almost desert . in the distance we see Barton walk . the paper - wrap parcel swing from the twine in he leave hand . barton he walk a few more pace and sit down on the sand , look out to see . his gaze shift to one side . he Pov down the beach , a bathing beauty walk along the edge of the water . she look much like the picture on the wall in Barton 's hotel room . barton he stare , transfix , at the woman . the woman very beautiful , backlit by the sun , approach . barton follow she with he eye . the woman her eye meet barton' . she say something , but she voice be lose in the crash of the surf . Barton cup a hand to he ear . beauty I say it 's a beautiful day ... barton yes ... it be ... beauty what 's in the box ? Barton shrug and shake he head . barton I do not know . beauty be not it yours ? barton I ... I do not know ... she nod and sit down on the sand several pace away from he , face the water but look back over she shoulder at Barton . barton ... you be very beautiful . be you in picture ? she laugh . beauty do not be silly . she turn away to look out at the sea . wider facing the ocean . Barton sit in the middle foreground , back to we , the box in the sand next to he . the bathing beauty sit , back to we , in the middle background . the surf pound . the sun sparkles off the water . the end